 I know it's unusual for a middle-aged, recent divorcee to vacation alone, but that's exactly what I did, booking an all inclusive five day Caribbean cruise on a high-end luxury cruise line. After a painful divorce, I believed that I deserved it. It was to be a once in a lifetime experience, but what I didn't know then was that my definition of once in a lifetime would never be the same. 

The moment I stepped aboard the luxury liner a hostess offered me a glass of bubbly while a capable room steward offered to heft my carry-ons as he escorted me to what was to soon be my home-away-from-home for the five days. I stowed my things in a huge walk-in closet and emerged from my cabin to get the lay of land. As I walked the decks, friendly crewmembers greeted me..... by name. Can you imagine that! I felt special.

After all the provisions and muster drills were over I made my way to the Lido deck and quickly found one of the tiki bars. I ordered the special drink of the day, a reddish-orange colored fruity concoction of some sort. It tasted delicious. I sat on a cushioned barstool as our ship made its way out of Miami harbor. 

A woman, who appeared to be about my age, sat on the stool next to me and ordered the same drink. She commented on how beautiful the water was and introduced herself as Kim. 

"I'm Nicole," I said, "I'm really looking forward to the next five days."

"So am I," Kim said.

Kim, a petite blond with shoulder length hair and pretty brown eyes, couldn't have stood more than 5'1", about my height. She Kim wore a red polo with blue cotton shorts. I couldn't help noticing her pretty diamond pendant and gold chain draped around her neck, and I complimented her on her good taste. Kim also wore a several thin gold bracelets on her right wrist and one around her ankle. She was a pretty lady. 

We got to talking and I learned that Kim was cruising with her husband, Chris. As Californian's, they had never vacationed in the Caribbean. I told Kim that as a Floridian I had been to several Caribbean islands with my ex-husband, and described some of the islands that were on our itinerary.

"You'll need to be our tour guide then," Kim laughed. "And here comes my husband," Kim added.

Chris sat next to Kim and immediately ordered a draft beer. He was a good looking man with strong features and thick, salt and pepper hair. Chris wore a navy blue polo shirt and cotton khaki shorts and tan sandals. Kim introduced me to Chris and we shook hands. They made an attractive couple.

We talked for a while about the grandness of the ship and about the upcoming ports of call. After about a half an hour, Chris and Kim headed back to their cabin to unpack. I decided to hang out to enjoy the solitude and ocean breezes before heading back to my cabin. I could smell Chris's cologne left behind from our handshake, and it smelled really nice.

I took a quick nap after unpacking my garments and then cleaned up and dressed for dinner. I made my way to the Promenade deck and was escorted to my table by a very friendly, and dare I say, very attractive maître d'. When I arrived at my table, I was pleasantly surprised to see that Kim and Chris were seated at my table. The maître d' pulled out my chair and draped a white linen napkin on my lap as Kim and Chris welcomed me to the table. 

"What a nice surprise to see you, Nicole," Chris said.

"Yes. Good to see you guys too. What a coincidence". 

Dinner was wonderful and I learned quite a bit about my newfound friends. Chris and Kim were married for over 20 years and lived south of Los Angeles. Like me, they had two children in their early twenty's who were just getting starting with their adult lives. Chris owned several sporting goods franchises and Kim was working as an elementary school teacher, like me. Given our commonalities, we had an instant connection. 

I returned to my cabin and called it an early night, looking forward to spending the next day poolside, reading and relaxing. The idea of some alone time with the newest a James Patterson novel was very appealing. 

The first day just flew by and I enjoyed the solitude. After lunch I took a quick nap in my cabin and before I knew it, it was dinner time. I found my way to the dinner table without needing assistance; I was beginning to get the lay of the land. I enjoyed another delicious dinner with my new found friends, and I really enjoyed Chris and Kim's company. When they discovered that I signed up for the same snorkeling excursion in St. Thomas the next day, they suggested that we meet for breakfast then head to the island together. I told them that it sounded like a great plan. 

The next day was wonderful. The weather and water were perfect, and the snorkeling was amazing and I spent the entire day with Chris and Kim. They graciously treated me to a nice lunch in Charlotte Amalie. After lunch we decided to walk off some calories by shopping at the straw market in the center of town. 

After our walk I decided to head back to the ship to allow Chris and Kim to do some sightseeing alone. I was actually beginning to feel a little like a third wheel, although they never made me feel that way. Back on board, I finished my novel, played some slots in the casino, and headed to my cabin for a warm shower. 

So far, the trip was just want I needed; lots of fun relaxation. The last day and night of the cruise proved to be the most memorable, so let me just jump to that. I hung around the pool most of the day, reading, and relaxing. Kim and Chris were off doing their own thing and I didn't see them until dinner, the Captain's Dinner. 

Formal wear was required for the evening. I wore a pretty red dress with a pearl necklace and white heels and I wore my shoulder length brown hair down with two tortoise shell combs. I put on some coconut scented body lotion that I bought in St. Croix and was ready to go. Although I carry a few extra pounds, I looked good and felt sexy.

I walked up the stairs the Promenade deck and found my way to the table. Kim and Chris arrived moments later. I did a double take when I first saw Chris. He looked really hot, sporting a pin stripped double breasted blue suit with white dress and a red silk patterned tie. He was slightly unshaven which gave him a sexy look. Kim wore a wonderfully sexy black evening dress that complemented her petite figure. She was tastefully accessorized with her gold jewelry and wore a really pretty diamond pendant around her neck. In a word, she looked stunning. 

Chris ordered a bottle of champagne for the table, and told me this was their treat since it was our last night on board. I love champagne so I wasn't about to argue. The waiter brought a chilled bottle, popped the cork, and filled our glasses. 

We dined on lobster and filet mignon, the featured entree, and enjoyed baked Alaska for desert. The dinner was as wonderful as the company. Throughout dinner Chris made a lot of direct eye contact with me, and held his glances a little longer than normal. This made me a little uncomfortable but I chalked it up to my imagination, but would find out shortly that it wasn't just my imagination.

After dinner Chris and Kim invited me to meet them at the bar for a nightcap. I politely thanked him for the offer but told them that I'd take a pass. The champagne was getting to my head and I thought they'd appreciate some time alone. We gave hugs and went our separate ways. I could smell Chris's cologne on my dress, and it smelled fantastic.

I circled the ship a couple of times then order a club soda, found a lounger on the top deck at the rear of the ship, and closed my eyes to enjoyed the warm ocean breeze. I was almost asleep when I felt a hand on my shoulder. Looking up, I saw it was Kim. She sat down next to me.

"We've been looking for you," she said. "Since this is our last night of the cruise we didn't think you'd want to spend it alone." she added. 

"Oh, I'm fine, Kim. Just chilling here. You and Chris should have some time to yourselves anyway," I said.

Kim said, "Well, we appreciate that but Chris and I was hoping to show you our suite, and maybe have one last drink to say bon voyage. What do you say? Just come up for one drink. It's a beautiful suite and the view is gorgeous. Chris has a bottle of champagne on ice with our name on it. "You should come." 

"Well, Ok. Maybe just one drink." I said.

I followed Kim down the stairs to their stateroom and was astonished by the grandness of the suite. Kim told me that this was one of the largest suites on the ship. It had large floor to ceiling windows with a sliding glass door that led to a balcony overlooking the ocean. The living area was graced with a small loveseat, a coffee table, and a wet bar. Just beyond a marble end table with fresh flowers was the entrance to the spacious bedroom suite complete with Jacuzzi bath and a marble shower. A large mahogany headboard was attached to the wall behind the inviting king sized bed. The bed was covered with a fluffy comforter and matching throw pillows. The suite was well appointed with crown molding throughout. Heavy draperies protected the oversized windows and the view was to die for.

A chilled bottle of champagne sat in a sterling silver ice bucket on the coffee table along with three champagne flutes. Kim led me to the loveseat and we sat down. Moments later Chris emerged with a cheerful smile on his face. 

"Great, Kim found you," Chris said. 

He had removed his jacket and tie, unbuttoned his top two buttons of his white dress shirt, and rolled up his sleeves. He looked really hot. 

"Yes she did. She talked me into coming," I said then added "what a beautiful suite. If I had a suite like this I don't think I would have left the room."

Chris popped open the champagne and filled our flutes. We raised our glasses and sipped the sweet champagne. It was good. I walked over to the window to admire the view. I opened the slider just partially to let the warm ocean breeze drift by me and the draperies fluttered back. I took a few more sips of champagne and returned to the loveseat to find that Chris had taken a seat next to his wife, leaving no option than to sit next to Chris's left. I sat pretty close to Chris, kind of sandwiched between him and the arm of the loveseat. 

Kim surprised me by suddenly lighting up a joint. Kim said she scored some pot when we made port in Jamaica. She took drag then passed it to Chris who, after taking a couple of drags, passed it to me. I hadn't gotten high is over 20 years. Thinking it would relax me, I figured why not, so I took a couple of drags. We passed it around several times and Chris refilled our champagne flutes. 

It didn't take long for us to feel the drug's effect, and the champagne added to the high. We laughed about some of the funny things that happened onboard, like how angry the parents with their kid from the other table in the dining room when he spilled at least one beverage per night, and when Chris asked the parasailing Captain to cut the line when Kim was flying high above the water. We were giddy and having a great time and I became quite relaxed. I slipped off my shoes and placed my right knee on the sofa so I could more easily look at Chris and Kim as we talked. 

At one point, and I don't remember exactly when, Chris leaned back and stretched his arms behind us on the back of the sofa. He ran his fingers through Kim's hair while we continued talking and laughing. Then suddenly, Kim leaned over and kissed Chris. It wasn't just a kiss. They were making out. It all happened so fast. It was kind of surreal. All I could to was to sit there, speechless. 

By the time I got my wits about me, Chris started laughing uncontrollably. I laughed too and a few seconds later, Chris pulled me close to him, looked directly into my eyes, and kissed me. Our lips were glued for a few seconds. I was completely taken by surprise when Chris's tongue entered my mouth. Moments later, Chris pulled away and said with a laugh "I didn't want you to feel left out." The next thing I knew I pulled Chris toward me and kissed him. 

After a few moments, reality began sat in. My head was spinning from the champagne and the pot. What is going on here, I thought. What am I doing? Did this really just happen? Did Kim see this? When that thought hit me, I pulled away from Chris and looked over at Kim for a reaction. And I got one, but not one that I expected. 

While Chris and I were kissing Kim had begun to unfasten Chris's belt and trousers. I was trembling, confused, and excited all at the same time. Without even thinking I placed my hands in Chris's lap and help Kim unzip his pants. Together Kim and I pulled down Chris's down to his ankles. Chris threw his head back on the sofa and kicked off his trousers and shoes. My hands were trembling as I started unbuttoning Chris's shirt. I couldn't believe I was doing this. Kim fingers were inside of Chris's briefs and I could see that he was getting hard. Chris kept his head back on the sofa and closed his eyes, obviously enjoying the attention. 

My hands were still trembling when I unbuttoned the last button. It seemed to take an eternity to finish. I opened Chris's shirt and looked at his chiseled chest and started kissing his neck. Moments later Chris suddenly grabbed the back of my head pulled me toward him. Within seconds Chris's tongue was in my mouth and he was unzipping my dress. When he unzipped Kim's dress and I heard her utter in a low throaty voice, "let's take this into the bedroom."

Without hesitation Chris led the way. I followed close behind Chris with Kim just steps behind me. Once in the bedroom, Chris stopped at the back edge of the bed, I placed my arms around his muscular shoulders and removed his shirt. My fingers, hands, and legs were still trembling. I never did anything like this before. I was caught up in the moment and was really turned on. Breathe, I kept reminding myself. Just breathe and relax. 

Kim stepped out of her dress and walked over to the bed to remove the throw pillows and comforter. Wearing noting but her black slip black lace panties, Kim climbed onto the crisp white bed sheets and knelt in front of Chris. Putting her arms around her husband's waste, she kissed him while he fumbled to remove her panties. 

I slipped my hands around Chris's waist and massaged his cock. I rotated my thumb around his mushroom head while massaging his shaft with my other hand. I felt a drop of pre-cum and placed my finger in my mouth for quick taste. Umm, I thought. I could feel my panties getting wet. 

Chris removed Kim's slip and I watched it fall on the bed. They continued kissing while Chris removed Kim's bra. Chris gently massaged her pert breasts before sucking and licking her nipples. Kim let out a sigh as her head flung back while Chris licked and sucked at her breasts. The scene was almost surreal and dozens of thoughts raced through my head. Breathe, keep still. Just watch. Take another breath. Take a deeper breath. Relax. I was dizzy and overtaken by lust and excitement. 

Kim placed her fingers underneath the waistband of Chris's briefs and lowered Chris underwear to his knees in one seamless motion. Chris was pretty large and his pubes were neatly trimmed. I stepped back and removed my dress and pulled down my panties. Stepping out of my dress and underwear, I made my way to the other side of the bed. Kim lay on her stomach in front of Chris. She quickly glanced my way before closing her eyes and taking Chris's cock into her mouth. I sat motionless, getting wetter by the minute.

Kim slowly took Chris into her mouth, caressing his balls while her head slowly bobbed up and down. Chris's breathing became even heavier. He threw his head back and placed his hands on Kim's head as she sucked him. I watched Chris slid himself in and out of Kim's wet mouth. Chris sighed and moaned as his cock slid deeper and deeper into Kim's mouth with each stroke. When Kim introduced her hand to his shaft and stroked him with twisting up and down motions. It was all that Chris could take and moments later Chris filled Kim's mouth with his warm semen. I sat back and watched in awe as Kim engulfed Chris's cock as he came. She held her head still and let Chris finish, swallowing every drop.

I've seen men come in women's mouths in movies and I've done my share of swallowing, but seeing it in the flesh, right in front of me, was indescribably erotic. My nervousness and confusion gave way to pure excitement and lust. I removed my camisole and bra and lay down on the bed, unable to keep my eyes off of Kim and Chris. Chris gently pushed Kim back on the bed next to me, positioned his head between her legs, and began licking her. I was so turned on that I crossed my legs and began squeezing nipples.

It didn't take long for Chris to bring his wife to orgasm. She grabbed his head with her hands and pushed him into her. Chris flicked his tongue around and around her clit until Kim came. Her body shuddered as wave after wave of pleasure ripped through her. I was so excited that my mouth actually became dry. 

After Kim's orgasm subsided, Chris crawled between my legs and without saying a word, wrapped his arms around my hips and gently opened my outer lips with his thumbs and fingers. I sighed and closed my eyes. I felt his hot breath on me as he gently kissed my pubic area and licked the inside of my thighs. I shuddered when his thumb brushed my clit. Enough teasing, I thought. I'm ready, I'm really now. 

I felt his warm tongue enter me. It felt so good and I quivered and moaned as his tongue darted in and out of me. I moments from coming as Chris's tongue circled my clit. I squeezed my nipples harder. A few more flicks of Chris's soft tongue brought me over the edge, and I came. My body shook as a huge orgasm surged through me. Chris kept his arms around my waist and pressed his mouth against me until the last wave passed. It was fantastic. I never came that quickly before.

Chris wiped our juices from his lips and chins with his hand and crawled on the bed to lie between Kim and me. We put our heads on Chris's chest, basking in the afterglow, lightly playing with his chest. Chris gently caressed our hair, our necks and our backs with his fingers, occasionally kissing our foreheads. I draped my left leg over Chris's muscular thigh and closed my eyes. All of the nervousness that I felt before melted away. The ship's gently rocking motion was so calming, and coupled with Chris's caress and soft pecks, I drifted off to sleep. Actually, I all dozed off. 

I'm not sure how long we were asleep, maybe a half an hour. I awakened by Chris kissing the back of my neck and burying his face in my hair. I opened my eyes to find Kim kissing Chris's stomach, moving slowly down his body. Her intentions were obvious as she made her way down his torso. I raised my head to kissed Chris. Chris gently lifted my chin and pulled me toward him, and we kissed. I pushed myself leg harder his thigh, leaving a trail of moisture on his leg. Chris let out a low moan and I knew that Kim found his shaft. Looking down, I saw Kim's head bobbing up and down, confirming my suspicion. 

Watching Kim suck Chris was a real turn on, but I wanted him in my mouth too. I wanted to lick and suck his cock. I wanted to feel him, smell him, savor him. I wanted to feel him swell in my mouth, but most of all, I really wanted his cum. I wanted him to cum in my mouth like he did in Kim's. 

Chris gently pushed my head downward toward his stomach, and I knew exactly what he wanted. It was what I wanted. I began kissing my way down to his stomach. When I was just inches away from Kim's face, I paused for a moment, unsure what to do next. A myriad of thoughts ran through my head. I had never gone down on a man with another woman present, and wasn't sure how Kim would react. How me sucking him? Would she be ok sucking him after I've had him in my mouth? 
