 Troy moved us quickly toward the front entrance. Parked right in front was a stretch limo and when Troy opened the door I wasn't even surprised. The three of us slipped in. Troy got in and we started to move. It was really our first moment alone and both Jennifer and Heather were almost too sexually charged to sit still, they fondled each other and talked about how insanely erotic this whole evening was, Heather fixed us all drinks and I sat back and watched as they tried to pull it together for a minute - as I watched them kiss and then start to conspire about what they should do to me while they had me alone, all I could do was smile and of course trigger the first level of stimulation on their sea shells.

They gasped together and began to squirm and looked at me with wild eyes of lust. I shut them off just as they jumped me. I'd wanted to kiss Heather since the first time we chatted, her lips had always been the center of my fantasies no matter if they were on mine or on my cock I so wanted to taste her kiss. In that moment I had my wish. While our tongues began a dance of lust and pent up desire our hands fondled and explored. My fingers finding her nipples and rolling them between my thumb and forefingers as she found my ass to enjoy. Jennifer wasn't just watching she'd gotten my belt undone and my pants opened and was working on getting my thong to release my cock when she remembered her remote and added direct stimulation to Heathers caress of my ass. I felt the pulse for the first time and nearly came in that instant I know I sucked Heathers tongue deep into my mouth and thrust my hips forward just as Jennifer had taken my cock-head between her lips nearly impaling my shaft in her throat. Both of them just moaned and seemed amused at my distressed response to the device that made it feel like I was about to be fuck with a major cock in my ass. 

Jennifer took pity and turned my vibrating thong off before I erupted in her mouth. If the car hadn't stopped I know we would have had our first coupling right there. Now I've played sex games before where I've been kept on the edge of climaxing for as long as possible, but this felt like a public demonstration of how long you can tease a cock without satisfaction and I was starting to wonder if I could take much more.

We had arrived at what was obviously a very exclusive restaurant, both the girls recognized the place and it was I guess another once in a lifetime opportunity for them to enjoy a meal here. We'd straightened up quickly, but Troy actually had to adjust me a little more intimately than I'd ever had done in public, and giving me a knowing smirk, he a slapped me on the ass (lingering a little longer than any guy has before). We went in and were taken to a private room, as we walked through the main dining room I recognized a number of Hollywood types and people you see on the covers of magazines, but never remember their names. Well at least I didn't the girls of course were talking about at least a dozen people they knew lived or stayed in Las Vegas, but even the paparazzi rarely got a shot of. 

As we were taken to what was the nicest part of the restaurant and into a secluded private dinning area, it felt like somehow we'd attained royalty status. We had a staff to serve us. Troy had said something about "feel free to request whatever we want." But it wasn't until our host and private chef for the evening, introduced himself and asked if we'd prefer our wait staff to be dressed that it dawned on me that this part of the evening was going to be overtly sexual as well. Heather and Jen were lost in conversation about who they'd just seen and missed this request, as I think they thought I was ordering the wine. I decided to use just a little of my power and again pressed the lowest setting on their stimulators - that got me their undivided attention with deliciously lustful looks of pleasure as they asked what was the question? I didn't think I could communicate it the way the chef had and asked him to repeat the question. The stunned look on each of their faces was enough astonishment to last anyone for a lifetime.

They both said in unison, "we have a choice!?" The chef winked at me and noted for the benefit of the ladies that our private staff was made up of him, two waiters and a waitress and that we would be their only customers this evening. His formality was contrasted by his boldness as to persuade them he was prepared to even cook for us in the buff he opened his chef's coat and revealed a stunning anatomy, well lets be clear male member. Un-erect he was as big as I get during my peak. I actually heard myself gasp as he was standing just to my left. He reached down and took his penis in his hand and lifted it up saying, "I don't want to distract from your enjoyment of the evening, so if you'd prefer we can be as invisible as the three of you would like, but we'd heard you were on a special erotic adventure and tonight we can be as big (lifting his cock slightly) or small a part of that as you'd like" tactfully closing his coat. 

You could read the answer on the girls faces and I gave, Jeffery a quick nod and the decision to enjoy the visual stimulation of the private staff was made. Their came a brief discussion of what Jeffery had planned for us that evening in terms of food and drink and we began to relax and enjoy each other, I turned the girls clitoral stimulators off and I saw their expression of slight relief and lust for more. The conversation included more details about what I learned were now three nights that the girls had spent together. How their first time lasted nearly 14 hours of nearly non-stop pleasure as they kissed, caressed, fondled, tongued and eat each other to new sexual heights and you could tell by the way they related to each other now they were going to be lovers for sometime to come. Heather described in detail about how it felt to have a woman go down on her in comparison to a man and of course emphasized as good as it felt that she was still a huge cock lover. 

Two of the male server staff had come to rest there hands behind their backs and stand at 'attention' as Heather gave details about how fierce her first orgasm with Jen was, you could literally watch their interest peak. Both of them were enjoying the visual display as even Jeffery who was cooking on a side board could be occasionally observed in how much he was enjoying the deliciously erotic talk. 

I decided to see what the response to a second level stimulation would be and was rewarded with mewing sighs of pleasure as unexpectedly both of them felt the intense satisfaction of my remote touch. The guys standing at "rest" started forward to see what was wrong, but all I had to show them was the remote and they gave me toothy grins of understanding. I leaned over and asked if the girls if they wanted me to stop and the both shook there heads no, but Jennifer grabbed the remote from my hand and turned it off (telling me later she was about to cum and wanted to wait). It was then that our lone female server came in with the salad portion. Now I'd been surrounded by incredible females all evening, but this was a different kind of package. Asian. Petite. Reserved. And sexually very powerful even in the way she moved and how she exhibited her extremely delicate sensuality. 

Her nipples were erect and her shaved pussy glistened as if begging attention. She got it from everyone in the room. It was like if she wanted to she could possess us to do whatever her bidding. I've never been attracted to bondage before, but for the first time I got a glimpse of someone who knew the art of being a mistress. Both the Jen and Heather felt her presence and I saw Jen literally lick her lips as she gazed at Terri's snatch. When she leaned across to place a salad in front of Heather she paused a brief moment to grant me the momentary appreciation of a perfectly formed and extremely erotic ass. I realized at that moment I didn't know the etiquette of touching in this situation, but I almost given in to my temptation to fondle what I so wanted to touch and taste and fuck. As if reading my mind Dan (one of our waiters) moved behind her bringing his cock in contact with her delicious ass and rubbing it slowly as she asked us what dressing we'd like on our salad.

Now that Terri was in the room, Jeffery asked if we'd like "some visual entertainment while we ate?" We seemed to be enjoying the hard cocks and shaved pussy enough no other permissions seemed to be necessary. Without any other conversation Dan lead Terri onto a platform that was a few feet from our table and had looked to be part of the decor, pulling out an in wall bench, Ben the other waiter laid down cock straight up as Terri moved to devour it and Dan moved in to enjoy her moist pussy. Some how everything was at just the right height and it was like we could reach out and touch them as the sucked and fucked each other. The sounds, the smells and the incredible scene of seeing two cocks pumping in and out of Terri was so insanely erotic, all I could do was look over at Jen and Heather and shake me head. 

Heather had put her foot in my lap and was following my rigid enjoyment as we enjoyed this beautiful and very first person sex show. We'd just finished our soup course when Ben came hard down Terri's throat and the room smelled of sex and grilled food. Ben slipped out and removed our dishes as Dan began in earnest to fuck Terri from behind. As she whimpered and cooed she commanded him to treat her like a slut. And just as our entree was placed in front of us, by Ben and Jeffery, Dan buried his glistening cock into Terri's ass in one deep hard stroke. She screamed loud enough that it felt like the entire restaurant would hear. It was the most sensual scream mixed with pain and pleasure and I will never forget that moment. What we were enjoying in front of us felt like an ancient ritual of lust that only the truly decident had enjoyed through the ages. It felt carnal and it felt like it lead only to a total orgy. We ate together and after Terri had come again and again and Dan had filled her tight ass with hot cum. 

We began to tell each other what we would do to each other later that night. Having had two extremely arousing shows to inspire our imaginations (not that we needed much assistance). It was like we'd joined the ritual and we'd begun to bond in our desires to give ourselves totally to each other with no limits and no rules. I realized just how tame my sex life had been and just how free this sensation of being drunk with uncontrollable need and desire felt. I knew at that moment I was forever addicted to this new lifestyle of pleasure.

Dessert came all too soon and we shared some of it together sucking fingers and trading cherries in lustful kisses. Before we left I made sure that our staff was well taken care of finding out this "package" was paid for in advance with generous gratuity. I invited Jeffery to have everyone join us at the club later and gave them our parties pass code.

Troy was waiting for us in front and asked us with a wicked grin how we enjoyed our dinner and how the service was. We each gave him a slap on the ass and he could tell we were ready to party.

When we pulled up in front of what was the hottest club in town, I was surprised to see the line out front, it had sounded so exclusive I thought it would be sedate, instead everyone treated us like celebrities and Troy had to fend off a couple photographers who didn't want to miss a possible money shot. We went to a private entrance and Troy had an access card to let us in. Once inside it was again a feeling of palatial quality. 

A woman greeted us and welcomed us to the club. She used a 3D visual software package to give us a virtual tour. She clarified that the ground floor was a "public" club for those who were invited in. We were welcome to enjoy anything at the club we wanted our "package" meant everything and she said that with deliberate inflection was paid for tonight. We had the run of the house and while the bar and club would close in 4 hours the upper floors would be open until 8am. She then moved to the second floor where it was filled with space for private dances and public encounters here just like in most clubs there was a no touch standard strictly enforced, this was the VIP level and only those in our party or guests of ours could accompany us upstairs. It was from here that the next three floors could be reached. 

She asked if anyone was familiar with their non-disclosure policy, we were all asked to sign (as would anyone in our party be required to do to join us in the upper floors). It included not being able to reveal to the press or to anyone what happened or who we might encounter while enjoying our evening. It turned out that the 3rd floor was mostly a private fantasy floor where most any desire could be fulfilled for a price and was a honeycomb of small private rooms and some larger suites. The fourth floor was open - this was technically their swingers floor where couples and groups could engage in any consensual sex act desired. It was the fifth floor that was reserved for our party tonight here we would be able to retire to enjoy our own private orgy and any and all available services from other floors could also be ours and were prepaid.

We were asked if we had other invited guests and we let them know that we did and that we'd given them our pass code. It was made clear that anyone we met and invited up would have to be confirmed by one of us three. If it hadn't been for the fact if felt like we were being inducted into the great hall of sex and if our hostess hadn't been topless I think we all would have felt let down hearing all these details and having to sign papers, but somehow it only added to how our libidos. 

Our blood was racing and our extreme lust to enjoy each other at every level felt like it was getting out of control. We had a stamp put on us that was only visible under black light and decided to enjoy ourselves in the public club and let everyone join us who was invited before exploring our desires upstairs. The club was rockn' as you might expect. We didn't have to look around before a topless waiter was there to take our drink order and seemed to deliver them back right where we were on the floor only moments later (I noticed a headset and some kind of wireless device used to track us). 

For the next couple hours everything is a blur, some how (they say it was in their hand bag) my thong got set to the highest setting and I got lost in the crowd. I thing the woman I was next to when it went off thought I was dancing with her in a very erotic fashion, but I found my pelvis almost sent into convulsions as the anal stimulation pulsed through me. She answered my dance with a grinding of her hips against my erect member. As we broke up I began to look for Jen who I'd last seen with the remote and decided to use my control to see if it would help me find them. Pushing 3 for the first time, I heard a squeal from both of them and found Jennifer ready to hump the guy she was next to a few minutes later having removed the shell from her clitoris after what she described as a massive cluster orgasm (which she said was a very interesting experience with about 20 people watching her). I'd attempted to remove my thong, but couldn't as it was stretched too tight. When the stimulation stopped it was like John had pulled out and I felt empty, but sane. 

The woman I'd been dancing with and the man that Jennifer was ready to fuck on the dance floor were still with us and wondered if we were a couple when we were able to provide such relief to each other. We told them we were with a private party and they could join us on the 5th floor later if they were interested. It seemed the mystique of the 5th floor had some very intense urban myth about it and with some trepidation they agreed to join us. 

During the next hour of drinking and erotic dancing we found all our invited guests and about midnight we all went up to the first floor for some fun and after about a half hour we decided to move on to the 5th floor. Heather had invited two very hot looking women and I'd attracted this guy that looked like he wasn't a day over 18 and a complete innocent, I was looking forward to blowing his mind. 

For some reason I didn't want to be the host and the one most in awe of the moment as we began our journey to the fifth floor. When we came out on the fifth floor elevator my hope not to be the most in awe and gawking slipped away. The room was decorated in a greek mythology style just what you imagine the setting for a total orgy. I noticed that Troy was there and he carried not one but 4 cases of toys. He knew the layout well and led us to the "baths" where we all were encouraged to undress and enter the steam rooms or hot tubs. Since this was our fantasy night and the thirteen others weren't why we were there Jennifer and Heather and I slipped into a private area with our own hot tub and sauna. We could hardly believe it the three of us finally naked together at last with nearly 8 hours ahead of us of total erotic pleasure. 

We immediately got into the hot tub together with Heather on my lap and Jennifer kissing her i felt my cock wanting a full lap dance and Heather did grind her ass and pussy against my cock. I knew I'd enjoy seeing them touch and make love, but just their kissing was so intensely arousing that I felt my cock probing to find an opening to join in. 

Then Jennifer was leaning over the side and I entered her from behind and was quickly fucking her deeply (like we'd done in phone sex so many times before) Heather moving to bring her pussy to Jennifers lips at the side of the tub as I pounded into her hot cunt. My shaft sliding into her tightness with a slurping sound as she echoed that sound between the lips of Heathers shaved pussy. My balls slapped against Jen and I found myself unable to control my fuck lust and I was driving into her hot cunt harder and deeper than I can ever remember fucking a woman, out of control with pent up animal lust I had a gallon of hot cum and I knew I'd blow it soon into her sweet hot pussy.

As if sensing my orgasm they both moved at once to disengage and lead me into the steam room. laying me in the middle between them Heather took my balls gently into her mouth and Jennifer picked up her sucking of my cock from earlier in the evening. From the noises they made I knew this was part of the plan they'd decided on the wanted to both suck me off together trading places as they kissed and sucked my cock between them. Heather used her incredible tits to rub my cock as well and my hips gladly fucked my cock between them. 

I watched what was the most incredible sexual act I'd ever witnessed as two women attempted to have me cum in their mouths at once, sucking me hard and licking me even back to may anus. The sensation of their tongues and mouths worshipping my cock and the intensity of their lust for me and each other as well as the build up of the entire evening made this moment one that may be the most vivid memory of an orgasm I'll ever have. I exploded and they both lapped up my cum. I watched like in slow motion as my cum filled their mouths and spilled onto their tits and faces. Trading off between waves of my spasms as my balls continued to contract not five or ten times, but at least twenty as I tried to pump these two incredible sluts faces full of my hot jism. I succeeded in getting it all over them and we all three joined to lick up my seed of course I stopped while cleaning their tits to make sure I gave them each a heart felt thank you with my lips. 

From that moment on it was a blur. They each used the strap-on both on each other and in my no longer virginal ass. I fucked them every way we could imagine, in the mouth, pussy, tits and ass. Jennifer enjoyed fucking me as I fucked Heather in the ass she called it our gay fuck train and when we needed to take a breather the two of them usually ended up going down on each other and I assisted more than once. We lived out three nights of fantasies we were so over stimulated. I some how kept an erection with the help of course of two incredible assistants. When we'd exhausted ourselves on eachother we decided to see what else was going on. 
