 My head was spinning, I felt high, the incredible sex I'd enjoyed with John had left me feeling sluttish and horny at the same time. The date I'd been planning for tonight was scheduled to begin in less than 20 minutes and I it was to be the fantasy night of a life time. As I felt my palms getting sweaty, John assured me that everything was going to be great and all I needed to do was enjoy myself, 'he'd made arrangements'. After what I'd just experienced, which now felt very 'arranged' somehow I couldn't really imagine what he cooked up. 

John kissed me deeply before we left the room and escorted me down stairs (or was it the other way around I was new to this whole way of relating to another man as a lover), and took me to the concierges office, not like the desk in the front of the hotel, but like the kind you see in movies where you have to have an appointment. He closed the door behind us and immediately the concierge was shaking his hand and asking if this was the party to be 'taken care of' - for some reason the way Mr. Bennett, the name plate on his desk read, treated John was reassuring that he truly was worthy of the suite and he did have privileges here at the hotel, everything at the moment seemed surreal. The conversation was about the evening that had been planned and the arrangements, I felt like a spectator as the conversation swirled around me and was about me at the same time. 

I found out that it had been arranged to have myself and my dates prepared in my suite before we were to go out for an evening on the town to enjoy one of the finest dining experiences on the planet, with a our own private chef and then to "the most exclusive club" in Las Vegas. As the arrangements began to sink in and John said that he had to leave and he would be in touch and that he expected me to join him on his flight tomorrow, I was abruptly left alone and dazed in the hands of Mr. Bennett. I heard him ask, "would you like full service models for you and your dates fittings this evening?", when there was an awkwardly long pause, he continued "you know that all of this has been taken care of this evening you don't need to worry about expense, just tell me whatever you want." It seemed only natural to say, "Yes that would be great," wondering what exactly full service models meant. 

As if reading my thoughts, Mr. Bennett, told me to call him Stephen, said, "time has been allowed before your dinner reservations for some 'appetizers and entertainment' in your suite. If I might be so bold an evening like tonight really should start with the selection from our discreet and imaginative adult line of 'erotic entertainment enhancers'." It sounded like a Victoria's Secret ad for sex toys and as I listened further, I realized that was exactly what it was. "Our models will not only provide you with a full selection of undergarments and lingerie accessories and evening attire but will bring with them a full assortment of sex toys for your pleasure." It was at this point with all of this sounding so matter-of-fact, I realized that this was how the other half lived. It was also at this moment that I realized that somewhere along the line discussing our 'arrangements' must have gotten Stephen, a very attractive and straight acting guy, aroused as I sat and he leaned against his desk I could clearly see the bulge in his slacks. At first I was almost embarrassed, then I found myself unable not to stare. He saw my attention had drifted to his crotch which was less than three feet away from my face and he smiled. 

Looking back I realize that during the time since I landed in Las Vegas, I'd been functioning in a state of sexual shock and in the 'fog of lust'. Stephen moved forward and put his hand on my shoulder and asked, "are you curious?" All I remember doing was nodding. I looked nearly straight up to see his dark green eyes watch my face as he unzipped himself. I know my mouth must have been nearly unhinged as he pulled out his thick fully erect ten inch uncut cock. It couldn't have been more than two inches from my lips and watching as his hand slowly stroked up and down its length toward my face I was hypnotized and started to lean forward not knowing why, but drawn to take this monster cock between my lips. I could see the pre-cum glistening on the tip of his cock-head as it oozed out of his piss slit. As I leaned forward he pulled back and leaned against his desk again still stroking. 

Stephen quickly started to explain to me, as I began to get up from my chair with full intention of kneeling in front of him, "that it is strictly against hotel policy to engage in sexual contact with a hotel guest while on duty." He went on to say that the most I could enjoy would be a private show of him stroking off, he gauged to see my response as I watched, and asked me to promise not to touch no matter how aroused I became as he took this policy seriously. Now I've been to any number of strip clubs with all the lap dances and clear no touch policies and I've never been so taken with a show of sexual exhibitionism as I felt at that moment. Watching his fist slowly move up and down his rigid cock, the veins pulsing with sexual energy as his cock-head turned a rich deep purple and he leaked thick pre-cum enough to lubricate his hand and make a sensual slick sound as his hand began to piston faster and faster over his member. 

I know I was in shock, but I was nearly out of control with lust. That look in my eyes and the things Stephen had me say to him describing how I'd like to take his cock into my mouth and how I'd love to lick his balls and let him fuck my face and use me to fulfill his need with his hands on the back of my head, pumping his thick cock down my throat and begging him to cum in my throat was all it took bring himself off in a hard orgasmic climax that left him in only a few minutes with cum in his left hand and guiding me out the door.

Nearly as fast as I'd been ushered into his office I was being walked out. He'd put his cock away, I still found it hard to walk with my throbbing erection. He shook my hand (his other hand still full of his own cum) and caught a signal from a bellman and let me know my dates were waiting in the hotel bar. He also pointed out the bellman, who was strikingly handsome and he gave me a quick wave from across the lobby of the hotel, he would be the one to lead us to my suite after I'd greeted my guests.

I decided I needed a minute to collect myself and ducked into the men's room before I went to the bar. Taking deep breaths and murmuring to myself that this wasn't a dream I splashed water on my face and checked to be sure I looked as hot as I felt before I left the restroom. I had a slight wet spot on my pants and I had to unzip my fly to adjust my throbbing need. One thing was for sure I so far I didn't need the pills John had given me to assist me with tonight’s activities. When another gentleman came into the restroom behind me and saw me adjusting and primping in the mirror and was seriously checking me out, I blushed as he spotted my obvious erection and didn't overt his gaze. He exchanged a knowing look of bemused sympathy and then said, "I hope you have a plan for taking care of that it would be a shame if you had to resort to relieving it yourself." 

I turned and saw from the look on his face that he was making me an offer. I paused and was about to say something when I watched in amazement as he slid his hand into my front pants pocket coming in contact with my throbbing cock. A surge of near electrical shock more powerful than anyone hitting you with static electricity went through my body emanating from my cock. And almost no sooner than he'd slid it in he removed his hand as another man came out of one of the nearby stalls. The first guy leaned into me and whispered, "that’s my room number if you'd like any assistance later." Ok so now maybe I was in more than just shock. Three men in less than 4 hours had come onto me and two of them I'd had first time experiences with, fucking and watching, I was wondering if I'd missed something in the brochure for this hotel. 

I walked out of the restroom, after adjusting myself to be as inconspicuous as I could and walked toward the bar. Before I'd even come up to the entrance of the bar I saw them. I absolutely knew it was them. Two hot women dressed in low cut 'fuck me now' evening gowns and leaning in and whispering and giggling together. I decided to take just a moment before they noticed me to observe and from my vantage point I recognized what from her pictures had to be Jennifer put her hand on Heather's leg. Jennifer was incredible her sultry eyes and infectious smile almost kept your attention from her other assets. Before seeing her my cock was already making it hard to walk now I felt like everyone in the room should be able to hear it throb. I decided to introduce myself to both of them before I came in my boxers and walked into the bar. 

Heather saw me first and jumped up and nearly ran over to me giving me a hug like we were old friends and saying how good it was to see me as well as letting her hand come in contact with my cock as she whispered into my ear "it looks like you're glad to see us as well." She introduced me to Jennifer as if that was necessary we'd had cyber and phone sex more times than I could remember and it felt like we'd been lovers for a long time. Heather was every bit as sexy as Jennifer, both with about the same size tits, they'd said 38 D, Jennifer's a bit more perky and she had long blonde hair and Heather a brunette with the most sensual lips and legs that made you want just stroke off thinking about them (as I had many times before, along with thinking about a few other parts of her anatomy), both are about 5'11 and both looking like they'd started the party without me. 

As I sat down and was watching them as they seemed to have a secret and like they were both holding their breath and then simultaneously they both burst out in a mischievous giggle. Finally, after I sat getting my bearings and ordering a round of drinks, Jennifer said they had a confession. It turned out that they'd both been emailing in preparation for this weekend over the last 2 weeks and sometime about a four days ago they'd decided they should meet to plan our evening and get comfortable with each other, since part of both of their fantasies was to enjoy another woman as part of a threesome. 

Well it doesn't take much imagination to figure out why the giggles and confession was necessary. They'd met up and found each other extremely attractive. One thing had led to another and Heather went on to tell the story. "We both felt the chemistry when we met for a drink and when I asked if Jennifer would like to come over to my place where we could scheme in private, we both knew it was more than an invitation to plan tonight’s events. When Jennifer got to my place and we'd had another glass of wine it only seemed natural to see what it felt like to kiss and then to touch and then when it felt so intensely erotic to get naked and pleasure each other, we knew we were more than ready for tonight." 

As Jennifer added how deliciously sensual it was to go down on Heather I thought I was going to explode. I couldn't breath, the images of them together made me want to cancel everything that was planned and just go up to my 'suite' and fuck like animals, but I knew we'd get there soon enough and I'd been thinking of these two going down on each other for weeks so the fact that they had didn't really surprise me, but it did make me want to enjoy it first hand.

I told them that I'd met a high roller in this bar here at the hotel earlier, I filled them in on most of the details about John, but not everything about him, but about disclosing that we had this date and that he had some connections and that we were going to be treated to a very exotic evening. I told them about getting fitted with new clothes, I'd been told that we'd be measured and then they'd bring a selection of clothing fitting our desires up to the suite and I told them about the meal (as much I knew) and the club we had VIP pass code to get into. It was there turn to be left open mouthed, as they asked me if I knew what getting into that 'club' meant and what an incredible reputation it had, from the way they told it, it was like this club was internationally known for the rich, famous and kinky clientele it served. I had to admit naiveté and since our drinks were finished and I was incredibly horny, I asked if they'd like to start our evenings adventure?

When we got up to leave I started to get out my wallet to pay and the bellman who'd been pointed out to me was there and he motioned for me to not worry about the tab. He asked us to follow him. Now maybe I had just awoken from a long sleep, but the girls were obviously taken with this young guy and they were enjoying the view from behind as he led us across the casino to the elevator. I've never really checked out another guys ass, but this guy obviously worked out and had an incredible body which his well tailored uniform accentuated. As he motioned us into the elevator, I caught his smirk and knew from that moment that there was more to his knowing look than met the eye. 

The girls continued to whisper and giggle and I was left to chat with the bellman. He introduced himself as Troy, and let me know he would be with us throughout the night, as he was detailed as one of the models as well as our driver. I asked if he would like to join us at the club later and he grinned and told me he'd been trying to figure out how he could finesse an invitation. I asked him if he could really join us? He then told me that he was from an outside agency and that he didn't actually work directly for the hotel and everything including the uniform was a costume - under his breath he asked if I'd ever seen a guy dressed in a bellman’s uniform where nothing was left to the imagination like this one? pointing down at his well defined hard on. All I could do is shake my head and wonder if it was just me or were erect cocks one of the most erotic things to see covered? I also noticed he was checking out my cock which was almost as well defined.

He'd keyed us into the floor one below the top floor and when we got off the elevator there were only four doors that lead off the lobby of this floor. Then when he opened the door to our room I nearly fainted, I knew rooms like this went for $50-100k a night and could be scored only by the biggest of high rollers, that this was way more than I'd ever thought John would have arranged for us. Troy gave us a tour, with the girls nearly hyperventilating when they saw the bedroom and bath, it was palatial and more than that stunningly exotic. We enjoyed the view from the terrace, were awed by the game room (where for just a brief moment 3 stunning models, two centerfold quality women and another hunk of a guy, came in and measured the three of us and a brief discussion was had about the kind of clothing would be best for tonight, it was more them telling us then us making requests, but at this point we were all willing to go along), then we moved to the ample bar, where we all got our drink of choice and I think all of us began to wonder just how big this suite was when we reached the dinning area and finally ended the tour in the sitting room which was set to entertain, Troy inviting us all to take a seat on the couch and enjoy the rest of the 'show'.

The lights actually went down. Then a small spot came on showing off one of the centerfold models in what looked like a Versace dress (I know straight guys aren't supposed to know about fashion) and as she swirled she looked at both my consorts and asked if either would like to consider this dress for later? It was nearly a rhetorical question as the other model appeared in an equally sexy gown that would harden any heterosexual guys cock especially how it made Jill, we found out later that was her name, look like a goddess with perfect breasts, hips and legs that lead the eye to one delicious conclusion. This runway quality fashion show went on for another 4 dresses/outfits whatever you want to call them, each one sending a new tingle up my spine as it was modeled. Heather and Jennifer were on either side of me and they both were whispering in my ear, 'can we really wear them', 'can we have the girl too', 'can I keep that one', 'its to die for', etc. 

At the same time the sexual energy level of the room was growing as both had decided I'd earned at least having my thigh caressed and then almost at the exact same moment my cock rubbed ... when their hands touched they began the giggling again, but they didn't stop the fondling of my now rigidly hard cock. 

Then it was my turn, well at least for the modeling. As first Troy and then Daniel came out in the most exotic clothing, one ensemble more a stylized tuxedo and the next a more casual look, but all looking like they were as expensive as the woman’s outfits. Troy and Daniel I noticed enjoyed showing off what the other was wearing (as actually had Jill and Sophia). It was at this point in the show that things started to change. Troy was helping Daniel out of his jacket and some music like what a stripper would dance to started and Troy's shirt began to be removed. As if in an instant, my memory of the comment about 'full service', Troy saying he was from an agency and the way they were interacting brought a whole new meaning to the show. Jennifer and Heather were entranced as Daniel undressed Troy from behind, removing his shirt and leaving only his bow tie, caressing his chest as if to show it off Vanna style, and then starting in on his belt and zipper. Slipping out of the shoes Daniel slid off his slacks. I'd been so caught up in the display I hadn't noticed that Jill and Sophia were beginning a strip show of there own only closer to the girls. I decided I'd have to find a way to watch both of them as Troy standing next to Daniel in only his boxers had taken most of his clothes off and was beginning to caress and fondle him in ways I was not expecting. I felt my zipper being undone and my cock released from it constraint inside my shorts as Jennifer leaned over onto my lap and started to lick me as she watched Jill and Sophia put on their private and sensual display. 

Troy went over to the side and brought out a case, at first I thought it was a aluminum rifle or pool cue case, long and narrow and opened it for everyone to see.... inside it were a number of toys I'd only seen in sex shops and catalogs all very expensive looking. Sophia who now had her head buried between Jill's legs turned and took out a strap on Ultra Harness 2000 and Daniel quickly fitted her with it sliding the butt plug and vaginal stimulator snuggly into place with a liberal amount of astro glide lube, offering us commentary about the product and how we may enjoy using it. He allowed Jill to demonstrate on Sophia by getting behind her and entering her pussy from an all fours position where we could easily see the fake cock moving in and out of her wet and well shaved pussy. Sophia obviously enjoying the attention pushing back on every stroke that Jill took giving Jill additional pleasure of her own. This seemed like some kind of erotic sex toy party and I was almost unable to keep my attention on the action in front of me as Jennifer had moved to putting my entire cock in her mouth as she alternated watching and sucking me. Jennifer was every bit as talented as she'd described on the phone as she milked my cock and I felt it going as far down her throat as any woman had ever taken me. Heather watched and keep stealing long deep kisses as Jennifer brought me closer to the point of no return.

It was at this point where we became less passive on lookers and more participants as Sophia move up to Heather and had her feel the fake cock moving in and out of her pussy. Without warning Heather moved to kiss Sophia and fondle her breasts, before positioning herself to suck on her clit. It was clear at least one of us was about to cum (and if Jennifer hadn't been so startled by what happened next I think it would have been me). Jill pulled out and Daniel moved in and I could only think his smooth entry was the result of much practice as they took the demonstration up a notch with real fucking. Then Jill did something very unexpected she grabbed the lube and used it on Daniels ass and with almost as swift an entry penetrated him from behind and began to fuck him hard - I even took in a deep breath as Daniels low guttural moan left no doubt but that he loved this treatment. Troy offering the color commentary as Jill got into fucking Daniel hard. Jennifer too distracted to continue her mouth fucking of my cock used the wetness she had deposited and with her hand to stroke me off in rhythm with the threesome in front of us. 
