 All characters in this story are 18 like for sure.

* * * * *

"Oh yeah, Oooooh fuck!" I screamed as Jake flicked his tongue over my ultra sensitive clit and sucked on it at the same time. He had a couple of fingers a little inside me by now, but I didn't want fingers. I wanted cock, HIS cock, his BIG cock, inside me.

Sindy moved her mouth over mine and began giving me sloppy kisses. Again I thought 'Good move!' knowing my recent loud moans might be heard through out the neighborhood. Like just how sound proof was a 'pup' tent anyway. 

Moving her mouth off mine and kissing towards my ear Sindy whispered in my ear. 

"Let's get Jake on his back and you on top of him so you can control how his cock enters you. It's the best way to lose your cherry. That's how he did it to me. Even if it is big at first you're going to love it!" 

I sure was glad Sindy had joined us. She kissed really good too. I figured if my sister and I could make out with each other it was all right for her, me and Jake to do it. Besides I didn't care who Jake fucked besides me, I just wanted his cock fucking me right now. Of course I wouldn't mind being his favorite girl and I knew I'd be spending lots of time in the back church vestibule and any other places at church we could find to make out. The thought of making it in public with almost every one around us not having a clue sounded interesting.

"Come on Jake this girl is ready to go all the way. Get on your back and let her ride your horse meat." Sindy said pulling away from me and sitting on her haunches next to us.

In that tiny tent I don't know how we did it but Jake was soon on his back in the middle of the tent with a girl on either side of him. 

"Let me ride him first to get him lubricated and show you how I do it." Sindy 'the teacher' said swinging her leg over him so she was astride him. She scooted down so she was over his thighs not his cock, which surprised me. He was long but not that long and it was pointed in the wrong direction. 

"Now I need you to lubricate it for me. Bend over and put the tip of his cock in your mouth. I don't know if you can take all of him in your mouth but you don't have to deep throat him like I do to get him lubed up for me. I've heard you're pretty good at it. In fact I heard some guys visit your sister when they know she's not home just to get some oral fun from you." 

Sindy knew! She knew about me giving my sisters boyfriends head. Sometimes they would come over to see my sister and my sister would be gone. I'd tell them they could wait in our room if our mom wasn't home. I'd also tell them she would be home any minute even when I knew she wouldn't be home for an hour. While they waited I would go in the bathroom, change into my sexiest clothes. Like a real short skirt with no panties under it and an ultra tight see through tee shirt. Then I'd come out and flirt with them. After I bent over a few times picking stuff off the floor so they could see my bare pussy they usually got nice erections for me. When I saw they had the erections bulging in their pants I'd get on my knees in front of them and slid my hand over their covered cocks.

"God you've got a big hard on waiting for my sister. You can't fuck me but I'll give you a nice blow job if you want me to." Of course as I was saying that my other hand reached up and began undoing their zippers. I never had a guy turn me down. I had noticed some guys came over a lot more and earlier to wait for my sister. Now I knew the word was out. I knew they would keep coming over too even with my sister gone and since I would no longer be a virgin maybe I'd let a couple of them fuck me. I might even let a couple of them do me at once, I thought as visions of being a real slut went through my head.

I had been practicing fucking my mouth with a big dildo of my sisters and had recently perfected my deep throat technique. Until tonight I hadn't had a cock big enough to make me think I couldn't deep throat it. I might not do it but I was going to give it one heck of a try.

I bent over and slid the head of Jake's cock into my mouth. Jake was big alright. I swirled my tongue around it and sucked as I pumped my hand up and down. Suddenly I shoved my head down it until almost all of it was down my throat. I quickly slid back up the shaft and then down. 

"Oh God sis, she is good, maybe as good as you!"

I was elated to hear Jake liked my oral abilities, but I didn't want to get him off just now. Just lubricated for his sister. I pulled all the way off and sat up.

"I think he's lubricated enough for you." I said winking at Sindy."

"Yeah I see, any more lubricating from your mouth and he'd have cum for sure." Sindy said smiling at me as she moved over his cock while I held it upright for her. Slowly as she looked lustfully at her brother she lowered herself until the head of it popped into her.

"Oh Jake you know how much I love your cock in me." She said moaning with her eyes closed. 

"Now see how I just have him inside me like you would if he was pressing against your cherry." Sindy told me. "Next I'm going to go slowly up and down to get all lubed and get near orgasm. I'll be playing with your clit and when your almost there you do THIS!" she said shoving down until all of Jake was in her.

"Oh yeah sis that feels real good!" Jake moaned

"Well hold off right now. We want your cum in her not me." Sindy said pulling up and off her brother.

"Now you try it." She told me.

" O-Okay." I replied nervously as I swung my leg over Jake and got astride him. I was sure anyone looking towards the tent could see all the movement as we kept hitting the top and sides. I was also knew this was the moment I'd spent all of my life to get to. When I left the tent I'd be a woman, not the little girl I'd been when I entered.

Sindy held him on target as I lowered myself. He pushed on my hole but wouldn't go in. I was too tight! I pushed a little bit more and WAM, he popped in and popped in too far. He was pushing hard against my cherry.

"Ouch, ouch!" I hollered all to loudly. As I lifted up a little, the pain eased.

"Take it easy, it's in now. Just move slowly up and down a little bit." Sindy said kissing me while her had played with my clit.

I did as she said and began bobbing up and down while we kissed. I could feel Jake pumping too and he was starting to moan. I was almost there as Sindy pinched my clit and sucked my tongue with all of Jake's cock flavor all over it into her mouth. 

'This is it!' I thought as I pulled up one last time and shoved down hard with all my strength.

"OH GOD! OH FUCK!" I screamed into Sindy's mouth as my cherry broke and Jake went deep into me. Orgasmic ripples pulsed through me although I couldn't enjoy them fully with everything else, including the pain going through me. Jake's shaft wasn't all the way inside me but it was all I could take. No fingers, no dildo had prepared me for this. The pain had been real sharp at first but quickly dulled. I was quivering on my knees. I could feel Jake pumping cum in me. He had cum just as my cherry broke. I didn't know how much he had but he sure pumped for a long time. I was biting my lip as Sindy hugged me. She knew exactly what I was feeling. Pain, love, joy, sadness (a little girl was gone and a woman took her place.) and orgasms like I had never experienced. Like my whole body was one huge clit!!!

Sindy's hard nipples pressed against mine as she whispered "We love you." I knew she was speaking for Jake too. At first I wanted Jake's love rod to quit moving because it was still a little painful in there. But as Sindy licked my ear, rubbed her nipples against mine and played with my clit, his movements began to be welcomed. I could feel something warm running out of me, down my thigh. I guessed it was cum and blood mixed together. 

Jake's shaft had started to shrink when he first came but now I could feel him getting bigger inside me. God was he going to keep fucking me and make me cum again?

"God babe, you are sooo fucking tight." He moaned picking up the slow rythumm I was moving at and matching my speed. 

"I love you." He added. 'It's about time you said that, knuckle head.' I thought. I mean a girl only gets to give a cherry once. It's nice to hear that the guy that takes it loves her even if it's not a 'let's get married and live happily ever after' type of love.

"I love you too, Jake. Just go a little slow until all the pain goes away. Your starting to feel real good in there even if you are stretching the hell out of my tiny pussy." I told him just before Sindy's lips covered mine and reminded me it was time to make love not talk.

I knew this was just the beginning of my love affair with Jake and Sindy.