 Author's note. A warning to all readers, everything that follows is of course pure fantasy, it is not my, or my partner's life style; neither are we promoting it as normal practice. As a new contributor to Literotica I naively allowed public comment to be enabled, thinking that I would receive at least constructive criticism, sadly this was not the case. To the anonymous scumbag that denigrated my upbringing and parentage I wish only eternal damnation, to others that wish to hide behind anonymity without giving constructive criticism, please don't read any further. To those that want to talk seriously and constructively, I welcome feedback, and assure you that all sensible communications will be answered. My stories are placed in the relevant categories with some thought, those in the group sex category involve multiple partners, usually with one woman, those in the wives category involve wives with multiple partners. My 'husband's' whilst technically 'cuckolds' are never 'wimps' or 'subservient'. My super heroes all have big cock's and some I admit are black, that does not mean that I believe the black race is superior, neither do I believe that once fucked by a black man there is no return. I am a non-racist white, who loves and respects his 'faithful' partner but, like most of the population of this world, I have fantasies. You now know what follows, if it might offend you, please do not read on!!!

Part One

Jenn was high, pissed and horny. It was nearing midnight on New Years Eve 2003, which was soon to become 2004. She was tingling with expectation. She knew something special was going to happen, especially as she had been exchanging glances with a guy across the room all evening. Of course, there had been nearly a hundred people at the party and most of them had been between her and him but somehow she knew he was special. Suddenly the crowd began to count down the New Year. 

'4' – 'Hi my', 

'3' – 'name's Duncan', 

'2' – 'I'm so pleased', 

'1' – 'to'. 

He gathered her in his arms and kissed her. All hell let loose around them and neither of them noticed. The New Year was nearly ten minutes old when they surfaced for air. At last, the kiss was broken and both of them were breathless. 

Suddenly Duncan said, 'Somehow I knew I would meet my wife here tonight.' 

Jennifer was stunned. She had thought that this might be her Mister Right and now it seemed he was married. 'Oh, where is she?' she struggled to say. 

'She's standing right in front of me.' 

Jennifer was a 23-year-old California girl; she was tanned, and vivacious, sensuous, happy go lucky and very sexy. She loved her body, she loved to show it off, she had tits and a cunt to die for and she was an exhibitionist. She loved fucking. She had fucked in one to ones, in threesomes with both men and women and in groups. She had been gang banged and loved it. She gave head and swallowed. She loved anal. She was moderately masochistic and, in the menu of sex, there wasn't much that she hadn't tried and if she hadn't liked it, she was not the sort of woman that would be shy in saying so. She had never even contemplated marriage and yet in front of her a stranger was saying he was going to marry her and in her heart, she knew he was right. 

'Let me take you to Cockaigne!' he said. 

'Cockaigne, I thought that was a type of champagne you got after giving head,' she giggled. 

'Cockaigne is my home, a utopia, where life is full and luxurious.' 

The room was going round and round!!!! 

The first day of January was a wonderful day. It didn't start wonderfully; in fact, it started very painfully. Her head hurt, it hurt a lot. Her mouth was dry and tasted much like a tinker's ass. What a strange phrase, she even seemed to be thinking in a different language. She suddenly felt a rough tongue rasp across her right nipple and a finger gently, but firmly, eased its way into her cunt. It moved around creating havoc within her belly and suddenly she realised that even though her whole being hurt, her sex was on fire. 'Oh No, Oh God No, she orgasmed. Her cunt was a blaze and yet she felt that someone was pounding her head with a hammer. No more! Mercy! No more please, please, please!

Duncan allowed her to turn her back to him, curl into a ball and sleep. He cradled her in his arms for two more hours, patiently allowing her time to recover. It was difficult because he was so excited. He knew that his five years of fruitless searching was at an end and he had found the one. He also knew that his quest was only just beginning, as the hurdle he had to cross was formidable.

'Oh God, who are you?' Jenn asked. 'Oh my God you're the jerk that thinks he's my future husband.' Her beautifully pearl tipped nipples seemed to point at him in sarcasm. 'Did you fuck me?'

'No,' he said, kissing the tip of her nose.

'Why not, are you gay?'

'When I fuck you, you'll know it,' he replied.

'I happen to like being fucked when I'm out of it.'

'Well tough luck, we're going to shower, have coffee and some breakfast and then I might condescend to fuck your brains out.'

'Oh good,' she said.

The evening shadows were gathering in the beachside shack that Duncan was renting. At least it had a toilet, a shower and hot and cold water. The day had been hot and exhausting. He had fucked her cunt three times and her arse twice. She had merely sucked him back to life and demanded more. 'I'm not going to marry you if you're a limp dick,' she laughed.

'What is Cockaigne,' she asked during a moment of calm.

'It's where my home is, in Argyle in Scotland. I'm not allowed back until I bring home my bride.'

'Fuck me! You really mean it, don't you?'

'I've never been more serious in my life. For the past few weeks, I knew you were near. I've been searching for you for five years now.'

Jenn knew this was ridiculous but her heart was racing. God, she thought this man really does turn me on and I really like him, but marriage after knowing him for just hours was insane. Then again, she had just experienced the most satisfying sex session of her life, especially considering she had felt so hung-over earlier. She had practically been coming all afternoon.

'You don't know me at all. You know nothing about me.'

'I know everything I need to know. I know I love you; I loved you before I even knew you. Don't you believe that some things can be preordained?'

Jenn's stomach was turning and she thought she was going to be sick.

'Will you marry me Jennifer?' Before she had a chance to answer, he continued. 'I just want to know if it's possible, as I have to tell you of the consequences of saying yes, before I hold you to it.'

Jenn was stunned but found herself saying, 'Well anything is possible. I'm intrigued. Tell me more. Your face looks like death. Surely, it can't be that bad? Is there a curse on the family or something?'

'Not exactly a curse but almost as bad.'

'Spit it out then,' she said.

'Sorry, but I think I'm going to need a drink.' He walked to the icebox and brought them both a beer. Sitting back on the bed and putting a pillow behind his back, he struggled to find the words. 'My family are the Clan Johnstone and our ancestral home is Cockaigne in the northern moors of Argyle. The first-born son of our clan becomes the Laird on his marriage. I am the first-born. His wife becomes the Mother of the Clan. You would become Lady Jennifer Johnstone and you would be expected to fulfil all of the privileges and duties of the position. My ancestors, thinking it wise not to fragment the land and property pledged that only the first-born son was allowed to marry. Any daughter could marry but would not receive a dowry or inheritance. Any son could marry but would immediately revoke his right to inherit as would any offspring.'

'Why the glum face? You seem to be the lucky one and inherit everything.'

'The Laird and his wife get all the privileges but also the duties. Only the first-born son can marry but the Mother of the Clan is just that. All of the male Johnstone's will mate with her during her fertile period. Her children might be the product of anyone of her lovers.'

Jenn was stunned and her guts were churning with excitement and anger. 'So you're not really after a wife, you're after a brood mare.'

'Jenn I love you and I really want you to be my wife but I am a product of my clan and I have to be loyal and respect its ancient ordinances.'

'What would I have to do?'

Duncan was astounded that she was even listening to his proposal let alone considering it. 'I'm afraid the approval process is also humiliating. First you'll have to undergo medical tests to show that you are fertile and then the clan will meet to approve you at a gathering.'

'Will they fuck me at that gathering?' Jenn asked her stomach churning.

'No, that will happen on our marriage night which will be timed to coincide with your first fertile period. There's more Jenn I'm afraid.' Duncan lowered his eyes clearly embarrassed. 'This isn't just a task of procreation but also recreation; the men in my family aren't allowed to marry so they'll fuck you for fun. They will fuck you three days of every month for the rest of your life until your first born marries, and then his wife will shoulder the burden and you can be mine alone, if that's what you want'

'What will you want?'

'I will fuck you every possible day of my life. But I think you are the most beautiful sexy woman I've ever seen and I will adore serving you up for my family.'

Part Two

Elaine watched as Jennifer walked down the aisle in her beautiful sleek wedding dress. Her figure was enchanting, as was her personality. Her tits were not huge, as was discovered at the clan gathering a week ago when she had undergone what could have been a humiliating experience. Naked, her charms had been exhibited to the clan. She however had been the exhibitionist and had gloried in the role, allowing every member to feel and suck at her tits, stroke and fondle her gorgeous bum and finger and lick her stunning cunt, its lips, and her large and sensitive clitoris. She was relieved that Duncan rather than being jealous had revelled in her outrageousness and seemed to encourage her to exhibit herself in ever more revealing scenarios. Elaine's mind returned to that night twenty-five years before in 1979 when she had stood before the clan having only been told moments before, by her mother-in-law to be, what her duties entailed. Greg, her future husband had not been so happy to have her mauled. Strangely, she remembered even now the fingers that pinched her nipples and thrust up her virgin cunt and bum. She could see the red face of her fiancé, as his brothers, his uncles and mainly his father Ragnin, had made sport of her. Greg had been consumed with jealousy but even on that first occasion, she had been unable to hide how much she loved to be used by her lovers and that secretly, she had loved every second, and every new feeling she was experiencing. She had to bite her tongue to stop screaming in ecstasy and when it had become too much she had been happy to accept that all had believed her screams were those of fear, pain and disgust, instead of being caused by the orgasms that ripped through her. For twenty-five years, she had loved her husband and the clan. For twenty-five years, she had looked forward with ever-increasing excitement to the three days of the month when she would be fucked senseless, all day, and all night, whenever her men wanted. Greg had rarely fucked her at this period, which she really regretted, as firstly, he would have prepared her body for the assault that was to follow, and secondly, because she knew he was not the father of Duncan, or his brothers. Ragnin was their father, he knew it, Greg knew it, Elaine knew it and so did all the clan. It wasn't that Ragnin stopped anyone else from fucking her; on the contrary, he would always be next to her feeding the men's cocks into her mouth, cunt or bum. Moreover, at breeding times he would thrust his hand into her spunk-filled cunt pushing her combined lover's milky seed deep inside her, aiding her fertilisation. And fertilised she was. She gave birth six times in the first six years as Mother of the Clan, six boys and each had now grown up, and would fuck Jennifer tonight.

Part of the initiation ceremony was that the outgoing Laird was the first to fuck the new Mother of the Clan. Ragnin had gloried in his role. Unlike Jennifer, Elaine had been completely unprepared until just before the night of approval, when Greg's mother Isabella had explained what her future life was going to entail. Greg, being too embarrassed to explain himself. 

On the night before her wedding, Greg had come to her room. 

'Darling, I'm so ashamed of the way you are going to be treated tomorrow. I know Mum has given you an idea of what is going to happen but I must tell you that the Laird will fuck you first. Elaine in the ways of sex he's an animal, and he's hung like a horse too. You'll never be able to take him in your virgin cunt. Let me deflower you now, at least as a preparation for your ordeal tomorrow.' 

She looked into his eyes and saw that they were bathed in love and kindness. How could she tell him that she positively wanted to be fucked and to show the clan she could be a mother to them all? Sensibly, she agreed. 'Yes Greg, please fuck me.' 

He had raised her skirts and gently parted the lips of her virgin cunt. Licked along the already sopping wet pouch and kneeling between her legs he began to push his huge cock inside her. She had never seen such an instrument before. 

'Oh my God Greg, It's huge you'll never get that inside me.' 

'Darling, in a minute you will have taken it all and be enjoying it, unfortunately first there will be some pain but persevere, this is necessary. Ragnin's cock is much bigger and he will not be gentle.' 

Greg stayed motionless as Elaine threw off her blouse and bra. Her body was on fire. Her beautiful tits were heaving with her excitement. She placed three pillows behind her back and shoulders so that she could see the cock inch its way inside of her belly. The first three inches of cock slid in easier than she had expected and she began to think she would have little trouble in accepting his full length but suddenly the bulbous head jammed and Greg could go no further. 

'That's your hymen darling, I'm afraid I'm going to have to push very hard to break through and it's going to hurt for a little.'

'Go ahead I'm ready.'

Both took a deep breath. Greg slowly removed his cock and at first she thought he was taking it out, when suddenly he thrust powerfully back into her cunt breaking through the obstruction and burying himself deeply inside her. His balls slapped against her arse and he remained motionless as she wailed in pain at the intrusion. 'Oh my God! You're killing me! You're splitting me open!'

'Nay my love, you're a woman now and the pain will soon be over, at least for today, tomorrow is another matter.' Greg allowed her to get her breath back and slowly began to slide his huge cock in and out of her. She realised that the pain had quickly gone and soon a different pain was building inside her belly. Her hands found her nipples and she began to pull and pinch them hard, hoping to alleviate the pleasure/pain slowly building inside her belly. Greg taking his weight on one hand moved the other between them and brushed the head of her cunt and the little pleasure button that was now protruding from its nest, like a small finger. Elaine's belly, mind and cunt exploded simultaneously. Her body was racked with spasms and she was throwing herself mindlessly about the bed. Greg was afraid she might hurt herself but fortunately it was all too much and the poor girl fainted. When she came round, Greg had placed the pillows that had been behind her back under her bum. He had lifted and parted her legs which where now resting on his shoulders and he was thrusting hard into her gushing cunt. She could see as he withdrew that his cock was covered in her juices.

'Oh, my God, this is wonderful, Oh my God, Oh my, I'm going to explode again. Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck me. Oh, I'm comingggggggggggg!!'

This time she did not faint and the pain of the spasms seemed to be driving her mad. Fortunately, Greg, who hearing her erupt into this series of mind-blowing orgasms, could not hold out any longer and unloaded his spunk deep inside of her.

The couple lay side by side recovering, she still breathing heavily, he playing with her inflamed nipples. He was amazed how in minutes they had changed from dainty coral tipped buds to blood engorged nubs, easily an inch long and three quarters of an inch in diameter. He knew that within hours many of his relatives would be sucking these precious buds. He looked down at her pouting cunt, the lips open and their mingled secretions running between the crack of her beautiful arse cheeks. He knew that soon he would witness the seed of his father, his four uncles and his five brothers gushing from this wonderful haven. He knew it and he hated it. He loved her and wanted her for himself but his birthright, and its duties could not be disowned, and he knew, as he had always known, she was not his alone. 'Darling, turn over, I had better fuck your bum now,' he said sadly but matter of factly.

'What?' she said in a shocked tone. 'You want to put that where?'

'In your bum darling, if I don't they'll drive you mad with the pain. Believe me, Ragnin will probably fuck both your holes over the next three days and he won't be gentle. Tomorrow, your wedding night, you will only be fucked in your cunt. But, after tomorrow, every one of your orifices will be up for grabs. We must get you ready today and make sure you're well lubricated in both your cunt and especially your bum tomorrow.'

She turned over and allowed him to part her bum cheeks, uncovering the puckered hole, hiding between the beautiful orbs of flesh. He smeared a jelly onto his fingers and pressed one into her anus and stroked her around her entrance lubricating it thoroughly. The sensation was electrifying and strangely, she felt the same build up of tension in her belly and tits. He gently thrust the tip of the finger inside her bum, there was no pain but that of pleasure, he pushed deeper until he was buried inside and began an in and out thrusting motion. She felt a second finger join the first and still there was no pain. She was close to coming now and she knew this orgasm would be mind blowing. Strangely, she thought the sensation was coming from her cunt and not her arse. She lowered a hand to her cunt and began playing with the engorged clit rolling in gently between her fingers. Her body stiffened as the waves of orgasm hit her and, within seconds, her mind could take no more and she passed out. Greg seeing she had fainted removed his fingers and lubricating his huge cock he placed the purple knob head to her anus and pushed inside. After a seconds resistance the head popped inside her pretty bum, as the sphincter muscles were completely relaxed. Seconds later, when Elaine had recovered, she found Greg thrusting brutally into her arse. The pleasure or pain, she did not know which, was intense and she suddenly began a continuous series of mind-blowing orgasms. She was screaming in ecstasy and biting into a pillow to stifle the flow of filth that was coming from her lips. Although he had only just had a mighty ejaculation, Greg knew he could not last long. Not that it mattered to Elaine as she was in a world of her own. He tried to concentrate, just to extend the intense pleasure he was receiving from this wonderful girls bum but it was not to be, and suddenly, unable to control himself he was thrusting into her virgin back passage and unloaded another huge load of his pent up spunk. Spurt after spurt shot up into her gut and for over a minute the spasms shot through him.
