 That point between deep sleep and consciousness can be so sweet... I can linger there and enjoy my dreams and even guide my fantasies. This morning I didn't want to wake up and find out it was all a dream. And the dreams I was enjoying of more erotic pleasure as I reveled in my slumber where truly amazing... it was like my morning hard on was being milked by the most insanely talented pussy ever. I kept pumping my cock into this soft warm tunnel of goodness...

It was during this blissful slumber that I heard Jennifer moan and I knew that wasn't just in my secret erotic thoughts and opened my eyes. 

This fantasy dream was real. Looking down to see Jennifer's sumptuous lips surrounding my throbbing cock-head brought back last nights pleasures in a flood of amazing memories. The time with John, the warm-up sex shows at the hotel and the restaurant and then the full out orgy at the club. 

Playing back each delicious scene as Jennifer's head moved up and down on my fully erect cock... seeing her use her tongue to trace each pulsing vein and then swirling my glans as my cock continued to engorge itself with each new sensation from her lips. Remembering to breath, Jen heard me gasp as I put my hands into her hair and raised my hips up to greet her next long slow impalement of my cock into her throat. Trying not to over thrust and face fuck Jen too violently I held onto Jen's head as I continued to pump my cock into her warm mouth and she took me down to my balls with ease.

It was then I noticed Heather feasting on Jennifer's pussy at the base of the bed. As Jennifer kneeled on all fours straddling Heather's face and going down on me as she has her pussy eaten. The amazing sensation of having Jennifer moan as she sucks my cock obviously in response to Heathers work on her pussy, it is all I can do not to explode as the shivers of electric pleasure sizzle up my spine. My eyes roll back in my head and I feel my balls tingling in that way that signals the beginning of the end. I whisper as much to Jen with the limited breath I can take in, 'baby you're going to have a mouthful if you don't slow down.' Sensing how close I am, once Heather brought her back from the edge she backs me slowly off and we find a perfect rhythm that keeps the sighs and slurping sounds coming without us cumming too quickly.

Propped up against the headboard I had a perfect view of Jen's sweet ass as she grinds her pussy into Heather's lips. Hearing girl on girl action is hot, watching it over the sight of the most incredibly sexy woman sucking your cock is as close to nirvana as I've come. Heather kept moaning and talking dirty talk to Jen that I could only make out parts of, whispering about how delicious her sweet pussy juices were and how she loved to eat such a divine cunt and how she would be her girl toy forever and always.

As Jen looked into my eyes and filled her mouth with my pulsing need she watch for my response as I saw a mischievous look twinkle in her eyes. Then I noticed she'd grabbed one of her largest vibrators and was lubing it up. At first I thought she wanted me to use it on her ass, but then I realized she was sliding it between her tits and then between my legs. Feeling the tip find my asshole with the vibrator on and Jen buzzing my cock with her wickedly talented lips almost triggered my whole load. 

She move slowly... pulling my hips to where she wanted them and then pressing her fake cock slowly deeper into my well fucked ass. I hadn't noticed my cock being sensitive from the previous nights pleasures, but my ass was tender and I could feel every subtle pressure as the very well lubed phallus was press deeper into my sphincter. I gasped at least once and moaned nearly continuously and it was all I could do to keep from passing out with the pain and pleasure as Jen began to fuck my recently virgin ass with her massive toy.

My head rolled back, I can only partially relate the sensations and the level of pleasure Jen brought to me that morning. The smell of sex in the room, the sounds of two women pleasuring each other, some where along the line a cock ring being put over my ravaged cock to keep me from ejaculating and the sensation of the largest object ever to fuck my ass are all part of these delicious memories that bring precum to the tip my raging hard on just remembering that moment.

I do remember begging for release as I heard Jen screaming through what had to be her third or fourth massive orgasm and realizing that cock ring or no I was going to explode... opening my eyes to see my cum dripping off ever part of Jen's hair, face and lips was an erotic memory I'll never lose, better than a photograph because this memory includes the soulful look of utter satisfaction I could see deep in her eyes and knew we'd just experience some of the best sex of our lives.

Jen was eating out Heather as I drifted back to sleep more satiated that ever in my life back to that place of slumber where reality and fantasy are oh so close and where to this day I relive those hours of pleasure with my two sex mates.