 Author's note: All characters in this story are at least eighteen years of age.

Paul's parents were out of town and his sister, Kim, had decided to have a few friends sleep over. He got along reasonably well with both his sister and her friends, but he certainly didn't feel like hanging around the house while they watched chick flicks and painted their nails, so he went out with a few of his friends. Paul had finished his second year of college and was back home for the summer, so it was easy for him to find some people to go to the local sports bar with and watch the Mixed Martial Arts fights scheduled for that night.

When he arrived home later that night Kim and her friends were still occupying the living room, totally ignoring the movie they had playing in favour of gossiping with each other. The girls had all just graduated high school and were enjoying a bit of relaxation and freedom before life hit them full force again in September.

Paul poked his head around the corner to say hi to the girls and let Kim know that he was home, then made his way down to his room in the basement. As he got ready for bed his mind started to wander to Kim's friends, all of which were beautiful young women and all of which were now legal. He got in the shower and stroked his cock to full hardness as he imagined the other girls naked and sucking his cock, or bent over getting fucked. He spent longer in the shower than he otherwise would, then made his way to bed.

Upstairs, the girls were starting to wind down. Kim announced that she was feeling tired and would be heading to bed. The other girls started setting up their various sleeping locations, two of them on the couches and two of them inflating air mattresses to sleep on. One of them turned off the lights, but the girls continued to talk.

"With you three yapping away like this, I'm never going to get to sleep," Alana said. She was a tall brunette with a curvy figure that made her very popular with the boys.

"You could always go downstairs and crawl into bed with Paul," Robyn said. Robyn had slightly darker hair than Alana, but was quite a bit shorter. She had a nice, tight body and gorgeous eyes.

"Yeah, as if you wouldn't want to get into Paul's bed too," Melissa, the short, curvy redhead said.

"I don't think any of us would mind getting a piece of his fine ass," Lisa said. Lisa, the fourth and final girl, was taller than both Melissa and Robyn, but a bit shorter than Alana. Her big tits made her a constant target of attention, although the rest of her body looked just as good. "I've had my eye on him for like five years!"

"I know," Alana said. "There's just something so sexy about him."

"Plus he's hung like a horse," Melissa said. The girls were shocked into silence, staring at her with an open mouth. "Stop it! It's not like that! He used to date my sister, remember?"

"Sure," Lisa said, "but that doesn't explain how you know he's got a big cock."

"No kidding!" Robyn said.

"Okay then," Alana said. "Spill it."

"Well," Melissa began, "one day I came home from school and saw Paul's car in the driveway. I knew my parents weren't home, so I figured Paul and Marie were having sex in her room. I had heard them going at it before, so it wasn't anything new. So I walked in the house and turned the corner into the front room. They were sitting on the couch, both of them had their shirts off and Marie had his cock out and was stroking it."

"So?" Robyn asked. "How big was it?"

"Well I didn't exactly measure it," Melissa replied, "but it looked like about eight inches."

"Wow!" Robyn said. "That is pretty big!"

"No kidding!" Lisa said. "Wes is only like six and a half!" She was referring to her boyfriend.

"Can you imagine what that thing must feel like?" Melissa asked.

"I thought seven inches was enough when I met Mike!" Alana said.

"Well, Robyn was the one to suggest it first," Lisa said. "I think she should go down to Paul's room and experience it for herself."

"Hell, if she doesn't, I will!" Melissa replied.

"Bullshit!" Alana said. "You would not!"

"I'm with Alana," Lisa said. "I don't think you have the guts!"

"I don't think so either!" Robyn added. "Prove it!"

"Maybe I will!" Melissa said. The other girls just stared at her, so she got up off the couch. Not sure what she would actually do, she made her way out of the room towards the stairs leading down to the basement. There was enough light in the room that she was able to see all three of her friends as they watched her disappear down the stairs.

The stairway was a bit darker than the living room had been, so she proceeded slowly down into the basement. She noted that the basement was also dark, without even so much as a sliver of light coming from the door she knew led to Paul's room. She stood at his door and paused for a minute, trying to decide what she would do. Sure, she had fantasized about Paul many times, especially after seeing his cock that day in her house, but here she was proving to her friends that she would follow through on what she suggested in the heat of the moment. She knew if she backed out that the girls wouldn't let her forget it, although that didn't seem like a good reason to sleep with a guy. She had only been with two other guys before, and certainly wasn't known as a slut, regardless of how many guys may have lusted after her. Her desires got the better of her, if only for a moment, and she knocked on the door.

She heard a rustling noise coming from inside the room, then a moment later the door opened. Paul, only partly awake, turned on the light in his room. Despite the fact that he had set the light to a low setting on the dimmer, this caused both of them to squint.

"Hey Melissa," he said. "Is everything alright?"

"Yeah," she said. "Everything's fine."

"What's up?" he asked, his expression growing slightly more confused.

"Ummm," she said, noticing just now that he was dressed in nothing but a pair of boxer shorts. She looked down and swore that his cock was semi-hard.

"Melissa?" Paul asked, snapping her out of he trance.

"I'm sorry," she said, blushing.

"Don't be," he replied. "But it's not like you haven't seen it before."

"Oh my god! You knew?"

"Sure," he said. "You were standing there staring at Marie and I for like five minutes. I tried to keep her distracted so she wouldn't see you and freak out."

"I'm sorry," she said again, looking back down at his cock, which seemed to be growing in his boxers.

"Don't be," he replied. "I liked it." He smiled and there was a brief, yet awkward silence between them. "Would you like to come in?"

"I guess so," she said, feeling the juices rush to her pussy. He led her into the room and shut the door behind them, then sat with her on the bed. As he sat, the fly of his boxers opened and his cock popped out. It wasn't fully hard, but it was hard enough to stick up in the air.

"Oh my god!" she gasped. Paul smiled, then grabbed her hand and guided it to his cock. She stared at it as she wrapped her hand around it and held it there for a moment before she began stroking it. Without even realizing she was doing it, she let her hand drift in between her thighs and rub the crotch of her pyjama pants. Paul did nothing, simply watching as Melissa stroked his cock, then she slowly took off her pyjama bottoms, followed immediately by her thong. Paul caught a quick glimpse of her partially shaved pussy, but he couldn't see much.

"Do your friends know you're down here?" he asked. She nodded, then pulled off her cami-style top, exposing her breasts and leaving her naked. Paul took off his boxers, leaving him naked as well. "Is it okay if I taste your pussy?" he asked. Again she nodded, biting her lip. He had her lie back on the bed, then he spread her legs, getting a good look at her pussy glistening in the dim light. Without wasting a moment, he plunged in and started eating her pussy fast and furious. Melissa squirmed with delight as she experienced the sensation. Only one of her boyfriends had ever gone down on her before, and it had felt awkward each time they did it. This time, however, felt totally erotic and natural.

After eating her for several minutes and bringing her close to orgasm, Paul got up and knelt next to her face, pulling her head towards him. Reading his desires, Melissa opened her mouth and took his cock between her lips.

"I feel like such a slut for doing this!" she said between sucks.

"I must admit," he replied, "you are acting a little slutty. Keep sucking that dick." Her skills impressed him as she managed to take six of his eight inches into her mouth and down her throat. He held her hair back and watched for a few minutes, then she pulled away.

"I want you to fuck me," she said to him. He smiled and stood up off the bed, taking her with him. He turned her to face the wall and had her lean forward, her palms against it. She arched her back to present him with easy access as he approached her from behind. He put the head of his cock between her pussy lips and gently pushed himself into her all the way. He gave her a moment to adjust to his size, then he began fucking her. He started gently, but gradually increased the speed with which he was fucking her. He reached around her hips and started to rub her cit, making her moan loudly.

"That feels good, Melissa!" he said. "You're so fucking tight!"

"I feel so fucking dirty!" she cried. "I love your cock, Paul!" He started to spank her as he fucked her, slapping her ass a bit harder each time.

"Fuck, that hurts!" she said. "But it feels so fucking good!" Paul took this as permission to spank her harder. "Oh my god Paul!" she cried. "I'm cumming!" Her orgasm lasted for a solid minute or so, then she pushed him out. "Can we get back on the bed?" He guided her back to the bed and put her legs on his shoulders before pushing his cock back into her pussy.

"You're such a dirty little girl!" he said as he pounded into her, watching her tits bounce with the force of his thrusts. He grabbed onto her ankles and pushed them back until they were almost over her head, continuing to pound her the whole time.

"You look so good with my dick inside you!" he said. "You're so fucking hot!"

"Oh my god Paul!" she cried. "I'm cumming again! I'm so wet for you!" When she was done cumming he pulled out and knelt next to her head again, feeding her his cock. It wasn't the first time Melissa had sucked a guy's dick after he had just been fucking her, but it was the first time that she truly enjoyed it.

"I want your cum so bad!" she said, taking her mouth off his cock for only a moment. She sucked it for just another minute before it exploded, Paul's cum shooting into the back of her mouth. She swallowed it as it continued to squirt out, something she had learned to love the first time a guy had cum in her mouth during a blowjob. He pulled his cock away when it was spent, then collapsed on the bed next to her.

"You sure know how to suck a cock," he said. "And swallowing is a nice touch." She smiled, then got up and gathered her pyjamas and started to get dressed. "Your body is amazing. I hope I get to fuck you again sometime." Embarrassed, she put her head down and let herself out of his room.

She made her way back upstairs, wondering if the other girls were still awake. Sure enough, the light was on and all three girls were sitting up, chatting.

"What happened?" Lisa said. "Did you actually do it?"

Melissa was still blushing as she nodded.

"Oh my god!" Robyn said. "You just fucked Kim's brother?"

"How was it?" Lisa asked.

"It was amazing!" Melissa replied.

"Was his cock really eight inches?" Alana asked.

"I think so," Melissa said. "When he put it in me I thought it was going to tear me in two!"

"Oh my god!" Robyn said. "I'm so jealous!"

"So go down there and wake him up!" Melissa said. "I'm sure he can get it up again."

"Yeah, you're the only other single one of us," Alana said. "Believe me, if I were single, I'd be all over him!"

"Or are you afraid that you won't be able to satisfy him?" Melissa said.

"I'll satisfy him better than you did!" Robyn said, rising to the challenge.

"Then shut up and get down there!" Melissa said.

Robyn rose to her feet, took a deep breath, then made her way down the stairs. As she approached Paul's room, she noticed that the light was off. Not sure if he was awake or not, she knocked softly on the door. She saw the light click on, then the door opened to reveal Paul, completely nude.

"Wow!" Robyn said immediately, looking down at his cock. "Melissa was right!"

"Is she telling stories about me?" he asked, making no effort to cover himself up.

"She told me how big your cock is, so I decided to come and see for myself." She reached out and grabbed it, then began to stroke it. "She also said it felt like you were going to split her in two, and I was curious to know what that felt like." Robyn had only been with one other guy before, and he wasn't very big.

"Come on in and I'll show you," he said, leading her to the bed he had just fucked Melissa on a few minutes earlier. They kissed for a moment as she resumed rubbing his cock.

"You must think I'm a total slut!" she said. Rather than responding, he smiled and took off her top, revealing her small, firm tits. "I'm so wet for you! I love this big cock!" Paul cupped her breasts one at a time, then bent down and began sucking on them as she pulled off her pants, leaving her in nothing but a pair of sexy black panties. She pulled these off next, and Paul was treated to the sight of a wet, bald pussy.

He pushed her onto her back and spread her legs, then started to lick at her pussy. After making her squirm for a minute he added his fingers as well.

"I'm so fucking wet for you Paul!" she gasped.

"You like that, don't you?" he asked. "You're right, I do think you're a slut!"

"Oh my god!" she cried. "I'm cumming already!" He ate her through her orgasm, then pulled away.

"Stand up," he told her, getting off the bed. She stood up and he led her to the same spot of the wall where he had fucked Melissa. Robyn bent over willingly, feeling Paul run the head of his cock over her pussy lips. She tried to push back against him, but he wouldn't let her. A minute later he pushed his cock in and finally began fucking her.

"Your pussy's so fucking tight!" he said. "It feels amazing!" He reached around and rubbed her clit, then spanked her just as he had done to Melissa.

"Take my pussy baby!" she said. "I love your fucking cock!" Seconds later she was crying out with another orgasm. "I love your cock so much Paul! It's so fucking big!"

"I can't get over how tight your little cunt is!" he said to her.

"God yes!" she cried. "I'm cumming again!" He kept fucking her through her orgasm. "I'm so fucking wet! You made me so horny!" He fucked her hard until she had two more orgasms, then he pulled out. "I want to suck it!" she said. She dropped to her knees in front of him and devoured his cock. She was only able to take about half of it, but she did it with enthusiasm. "I've never had a cock this big!" she said between mouthfuls. He let her suck it for a minute, then pulled her to her feet and tossed her onto the bed. He got between her legs and shoved his cock back into her pussy, then began fucking her again.

"That feels fucking good!" he said. "You're such a dirty slut!"

"Yes baby!" she cried. "Take my pussy! It feels fucking amazing!"

"You look so good getting pounded by my big cock! Just like your slutty little friend!"

"I love that cock baby!" she cried, reaching down and rubbing her clit. He fucked her for a couple of more minutes, then pulled out again.

"Ready to do some more sucking?" he asked. He rolled onto his back and she got on top of him, sucking his cock into her mouth. She couldn't help but think of the fact that, until tonight, she had never tasted herself on a man's cock.

"Do you like that?" she asked.

"Just keep sucking that dick, girl," he said. "You're doing great!" After letting her suck it for another minute or two, he put her on her hands and knees and got in behind her, shoving his cock back into her pussy.

"Make me your slut, Paul! Treat me like a fucking whore!" As she screamed for more, Paul rubbed her clit and pulled on her hair.

"You're so fucking sexy Robyn!" he said.

"Oh my god, I'm cumming! It feels so fucking good!" She collapsed forward, forcing Paul's cock to fall out. She rolled onto her side and lifted her top leg toward her chest. "Don't stop fucking me!" He straddled her bottom leg and shoved his dick back into her.

"Such a dirty slut!" he said as he slammed into her.

"Your dick is fucking huge!" she cried. "I love the way it stretches out my pussy!" He reached down and started rubbing her clit, triggering her orgasm. "I'm cumming baby! I'm cumming all over your cock!"

"Your pussy's fucking soaked!" he said. "Take that cock, bitch!" He started smacking her ass and her tits, leaving red handprints on both.

"Yes baby! I'm your slut!"

"Cum for me, slut!" he said.

"Yes baby!" she cried, as if on cue. "I'm cumming for you! Take my fucking pussy!"

"Take that fucking cock, you dirty whore! Let me feel you cum on it!" He reached down and wrapped a hand around her throat, gently choking her. "Cum on my fucking cock!"

"Oh my god!" she cried. "I'm cumming again!" When she was finished cumming she pushed him out and onto his back, then devoured his cock once again.

"You're good at that, slut!" he said.

"I can taste my pussy on it!" she said. "Do you like watching me do this?"

"You bet I do, slut! It looks almost as good as it feels!"

She smiled and continued to suck his cock for a minute before he pulled her away from it. He pushed her face down on the mattress and straddled her, entering her pussy from behind.

"Yes Paul!" she screamed. "Fuck my slutty little pussy!" She reached under her hips and started to rub her clit. "Fuck yes!" she cried. "Holy shit! I'm fucking cumming!" He pulled out of her and she rolled over. "Can I suck my juices off your big cock again?" He got on his back again and she started sucking his cock once more. This time he grabbed hold of her head and started to force it up and down, shoving another inch into the back of her throat.

"Gag on that dick, you little whore!" he said.

"I'm your little cock whore!" she said as he pulled out and smacked his dick against her face a few times. He shoved it back in her mouth and fucked her face for a few minutes, then pulled out. He put her on her side and got behind her so he was spooning her as he pushed his cock into her pussy. He started fucking her hard, rubbing her clit with his fingers.

"I'm a horny little slut!" she cried.

"This pussy is all mine, isn't it bitch?" he asked. He fucked her for a minute or two, until she was about to cum, then pulled out. "Do you want to try anal?"

"You're too big to fit in my ass!" she said.

"How do you know? Have you ever tried it?"

"No," she replied.

"Well, there's only one way to find out," he said. He put his cock against her ass and slowly pushed in. It took a minute before he was finally able to fuck her a bit, and a couple of minutes more before he could fuck her with his entire cock.

"Your cock feels fucking huge in there!" she said. She reached down and fingered her pussy as he started to fuck her a bit harder.

"I bet your friends would be surprised to find out you took it up the ass!" he said. "My dick is deep inside you!" He fucked her ass gently, but was unable to make her cum. She pushed him out and onto his back, then straddled him. He thought for a moment, as she lowered her pussy onto his cock, that she was simply inviting infection. She either didn't realize this or didn't care, and Paul wasn't going to stop her.
