 An interesting thing happened to me this weekend. First, I will introduce everyone a little.

My wife and I live in Suburban, USA. Nothing unusual ever happens here. That was until, Tom and Felicia moved in next door. 

They are an attractive couple. Both of them are in their middle twenty's. They don't have any children, yet. Although, I think they are planning on it, soon.

Tom's an executive, at a local home supply company. He works, many times, at night or on the weekends. Felicia doesn't work. She doesn't need to.

He's about six feet tall and two hundred pounds. He stays in good shape, by jogging. She is absolutely gorgeous. She's a brunette with long hair and tanned skin. Her breasts are absolutely perfect. 

I saw her washing her car the other day in a bikini. Her legs and ass are to die for. I happen to love women's feet and hers were no exception to the rule.

We all became pretty good friends. Lisa and I are a few years older than they are, but we're in similar shape. 

Now, my wife is beautiful. Her name is Lisa. She's a blond with long legs and a perfect ass. I've also been told that I'm quite attractive. I never had any trouble, attracting a lady, in my past.

One night, we got a call from them to come over and play cards. Lisa said she wanted to go and I loved the opportunity to ogle Felicia's body.

When we arrived, Felicia greeted us at the door. She was wearing a skirt and a sleeveless blouse. It showed off her ample cleavage, very well. When she turned away, I noticed a small tattoo, on the small of her back.

As she walked us into their house, I couldn't take my eyes off her ass. I think Lisa saw me staring at it. It's a good thing she isn't the jealous type. 

Tom was sitting at the table already. He looked really buzzed.

Lisa said, "Tom can't hold his liquor very well."

Needless to say, it was about an hour later, when Felicia apologized to us. She was going to have to call it a night because of Tom. As she walked us to the door, I was checking out Felicia a little more.

I was afraid I'd get busted, so I just looked down towards her feet. She was wearing sandals. She also had a French manicure with a gold toe ring. I wanted, so badly, to suck each of her toes in mouth. This woman was beautiful to behold.

I was disappointed that we had to leave, but we thanked her anyhow and went home.

Lisa said, "I saw you checking out Felicia. I bet you're ready to go. Maybe I should make you wait till tomorrow."

I responded, "Sweetie, you know that you are the only woman I think of." 

"Good answer. I guess then I'll let you fuck me. Give me a little while to get ready. I need to shower and shave. I want some of your tongue tonight. You are the best with that. That's why I married you!" she ended with a laugh.

I loved when she talked like that to me. I couldn't wait to eat her. Eating pussy has always been a talent of mine. Lisa wants my tongue almost every night. That's not a problem. She knows I would eat it anytime, no matter what.

Just as I heard the water start running, I remembered that I left my keys next door. I ran across the lawn, to save time. As I passed their bedroom window, I saw Felicia undressing Tom. I had to look to see, what would happen next.

When I got closer, I saw Felicia crawl between his legs. He was almost passed out. This woman was about to suck his cock. He ruined her evening and she still wanted to please him. When she slid her lips over his cock, he began to respond.

She was deep throating him. He was about seven inches in length, but his balls were enormous. I was jealous. I never saw nuts that big. She kept up a steady rhythm and kept massaging his balls. I thought to myself that he must really shoot a big wad with those babies between his legs.

Even in his current state, he responded quickly. He was getting close. His balls actually began getting larger. Finally, she buried her mouth all the way down on his dick. 

He jerked his hips upward. I watched as her cheeks ballooned out. She had to keep swallowing and gulping. She couldn't keep up the flow. Thick white cum escaped her lips and pooled on his stomach. 

He should be in the record book. I never saw so much cum in my life. She swallowed as much as she could. He was passed out. She licked all the cum up of his stomach. She wasn't wasting a drop. She looked happy, like she was eating ice cream.

You could tell she was all worked up now. She stripped herself naked. What a body she had! I would eat her until she passed out. What a lucky bastard Tom was.

She climbed slowly on top of him. Then she lowered her pussy to his mouth. He woke up suddenly. I heard him say, "Get the fuck away from me. I don't eat pussy. Nice try."

I couldn't believe what I heard. She just sucked down a gallon of his semen, and he refused to eat that exquisite pie.

I knew I had to go, so I just forgot about the keys and ran back to Lisa. I was so horny. I went upstairs and I caught her rubbing lotion on herself.

"You like? I want your mouth on me right now, so get over here," she said.

I tore off my clothes and jumped on the bed. I was ready. I was still thinking about how Felicia had swallowed all of that cum and got nothing in return. I wished she was here with us, right now.

Lisa climbed on the bed and sat on my face. She smelled so good and her pussy was already dripping wet.

"Sweetie, suck me slow, like you always do. One more thing, promise me that you'll get me off twice tonight? " Lisa said."

I said, "My pleasure."

I slowly ran my tongue all over her clit. She was like a woman possessed. I started to taste my favorite juice as it began to pour out of her. Why Tom wouldn't eat Felicia, was beyond me.

Lisa came like thunder. Then she slid around and lowered her pussy onto my cock. I could still feel pussy contracting.

We started up a nice rhythm. Her eyes were closed and her head was back. What a sight to behold. She would rise up until my cock was almost out and then slam back down. I knew I couldn't last, and I told her.

She said, "Hang in there baby, I'm almost there. Remember, you promised!"

I tried but I just couldn't hold back. I came and came and came.

Lisa looked at me, disappointed. She said, "You promised me another orgasm. Well, I'm waiting?"

I thought for a second. Then I had an idea. I told her to slide up on my face, again.

Lisa said, "You're not serious. You don't want any of that. Do you know how much you came? I'm a mess. However, you do owe me for looking at Felicia tonight. I changed my mind. If you don't mind, why should I?" 

She slid up and plopped down on my mouth. I thought about changing my mind. Then I remembered Felicia's response to being denied. 

So, I started to suck and lick. Her pussy was hot and gooey. It tasted a little salty, but not as bad as I expected. After the heat, the next thing I noticed was its texture. When I started going deep inside her with my tongue, she started to give me instructions.

"This is awesome. Why haven't we done this before? I know, because most guys wouldn't go near their own semen. Now, start to fuck me with your tongue. Do you like it? Of course you do. I eat it all the time." 

Then she started to tense up. She said, "You're gonna make me cum, don't stop. This is so hot. Suck me harder, I'm almost there. SUCK ME!!!! " When she was done she looked down at me. My face was still under her body. She said, "I love you. It takes a real man, like you, to make me feel like that. I'm so lucky to have you." 

I immediately realized a couple of things. She had just cum harder and longer, than I'd ever seen her cum before. The semen in my mouth wasn't so bad, and this was going to be a regular part of our sex life from now on.

A few days later, I saw Tom outside. He said, "Can I ask you something personal?"

"Sure," I responded.

"It's like this; Felicia has this thing for oral sex. She keeps trying to get me to go down on her. She said that until she gets some, I'm not getting any either. Do you like doing it?" he asked.

"Give blow- jobs?" I said.

"No, not you" he laughed. "Do you eat Lisa?"

I told him that it was the greatest thing that a man could do for his lady.

He walked away muttering, "You were no help."

Later that night, Lisa came to bed and said she wanted to talk to me. She said that Felicia and Tom were fighting, and it was about oral sex.

"Felicia called me. She said that Tom refuses to eat her pussy. We decided that, if we had another card game, things could get wild. You and I could make love, at the same time as them. Then he could watch your tongue in action. We agreed, but it's still entirely up to you." she said.

I thought, I had just died and gone to heaven. I asked, "When?"

She said, tomorrow.

The next night we walked over to their house. When we saw Tom, he looked as drunk as last time. Felicia, of course, looked as beautiful as the last time.

She took us aside and said, "Tom doesn't know about tonight. I hope this works. I need to be eaten out, before I explode."

When she said that, I thought I would explode.

We played a few hands and I asked if we could change the game to strip poker.

Tom glared at my wife and said, "Count me in."

It didn't take long until the girls were naked. I was so hard, looking at both of them. Lisa lost the next hand. So, I told her she had to do something. She walked around the table, pulled my boxers down and swallowed my entire cock. I wasn't expecting that.

As if rehearsed, Felicia walked over and swallowed Tom's cock. He fell back in his chair and looked over at me. He was so drunk. I wasn't sure he would remember anything.

I pulled my cock from Lisa before I got too excited and told her to lie down. I started munching on her twat. I heard Felicia tell Tom to look at what I we were doing. 

I heard him respond, "That not happening tonight or ever. No fucking way." 

Lisa looked at me and said, "It's not working out for her, but my pussy feels great. Did you see his nuts? Felicia said he cums like a horse and it tastes like candy. She looks jealous".

I turned my head to look and saw him pounding her from behind. He could barely stay on his knees. Felicia caught me staring at them. That's when I decided to put my tongue into high gear on Lisa's clit. 

Lisa started screaming, "I'm cumming all over your fucking face!"

Lisa caught her breath. Then she slid back onto my pole. As she started humping me, she put one of her feet near my face. I started sucking on her toes. I heard Lisa moan in pleasure. 

I saw Lisa still staring at Tom's nuts. They would swing with each thrust. Then they started pulsating. He buried himself deep inside of her. He began to cum. He must have emptied a gallon of sperm into her. We watched in awe, as they unloaded their immense cargo. Then his balls shrank, slowly, back to normal size. 

We couldn't believe happened next. He was passed out drunk.

Felicia was livid. "I can't believe this, he cums and I don't!"

That was when Lisa looked at me. "Sweet heart, can Lisa and I share you tonight? We can't leave her like this."

I said, "Absolutely!" 

Lisa looked over at Felicia and said," Come and sit down. Take him for a spin. I don't mind."

Felicia said, "Thank you, I would have cried all night. I can't wait for your tongue. I also heard that you're okay with the taste of semen. He tastes great but definitely isn't less filling."

I wasn't sure about tasting someone else's cum. Before I could move, Felicia had quickly planted her snatch on my face. I heard the girls begin to laugh.

As she started to grind, she told me to open my mouth. A gush of molten hot sperm shot out of her and into my mouth. Felicia said to Lisa, "You are so lucky. He is the best. How did I go without this, for so long? I can't live without this. It's too good. I wish Tom could see this."

I was actually glad that he wasn't seeing this. I was eating his cum straight out of his wife's pussy. What would he think? 

Felicia urged me on. "Swallow it all, if you can. Now you see what we girls have to swallow. Lisa said you liked your own. If you can suck down all of Tom's, I'll give you a prize; some more."

I heard the girls laughing. They were facing each other. I had one gorgeous woman on my cock and one on my face. The girls just continued using me for their pleasure. 

When Felicia came, it was like an earthquake. I followed suit, with a shot straight into Lisa's pussy.

When we heard a voice we saw it was Tom. He looked at Felicia and then me. He said to her, "I glad you finally got your pussy eaten, because you were driving me crazy. Now get over here, so I can fuck you again."

She got up and went over to him. I swear he drove his cock into her, in one thrust. Lisa slid up on my mouth. I heard Tom say, "Thanks for cleaning her out, but she's going to need it again."

Lisa interrupted, "She better wait her turn. He's eating his own, right now. We need to do this more often." I heard them all laughing. So it went, for the rest of the evening.

My wife thanked me later. She said she that loved me and was so glad that she married me. "You are every woman's dream come true."

Tom still hasn't eaten his wife's pussy. I do it for him. When I see him, he still thanks me. I should be thanking him.

He said, "I don't know why you like eating it, but my Felicia is a happy girl. She's even begun sucking me off again. Keep up the good work."

I told him that I loved doing it and would eat her anytime she wants. 

He turned away and then said, "We're all having another card game tonight. I thought I should warn you, that Felicia has refused to fuck me for a whole week."

"I want him to eat a really big load from my pussy, tonight. It turns me on knowing he likes the taste so much" she told me.

"I'll do my best to make you both happy. I'll fill her up with some cum for you, and then you can eat her pussy for her. I believe it's called a creampie?

I smiled and said, "My pleasure. See you two tonight." 

I don't know how I got here. But I was certainly enjoying my new role.