 This is a true story of a special time in my life. It's hard to believe it happened ten years ago, because when I close my eyes I can recall every detail of that special Valentine's Day in Naples, Florida. I'm sharing my memory and hope you enjoy it.

Leaning against the frame of my open door, I watched the grease smudged tow truck driver make a final check of his work. With a disturbing slap on my car's hood, he shouted, "You should hear back later next week. It's gonna' need a new transmission for sure."

"Thanks." I replied.

The tow truck disappeared around the corner and I doubted my old car's chances for survival. "Bye, baby. You had a good run."

"Whew! Freedom!" Meaghan shouted. Skipping up the walkway to my townhouse, her long brunette hair waved in the breeze and her perky tits bounced under her tank top.

So cute, I thought. Eighteen, carefree and bursting with energy. At eighteen I had gotten pregnant and had a whole different outlook on life. Now I was a single mom with a three year old daughter. Meaghan was my next door neighbor's daughter, my babysitter and only friend.

Being a single mom was something I'd begun to see as a blessing. I'd just turned twenty-three and I had found a good job, a nice townhouse, and pride in myself. Of course, there was big downside. I don't think people realize how lonely a single mom can be. Because at that age, your old friends have moved on to find their place in life. And I hardly have to mention how hard it is to find a date when you're a single mom-at least with young men.

In a way, Meaghan was also lonely because of her circumstances. Her mother was also a single mom and quite overprotective-to the point where Meaghan was never allowed to stretch her wings.

Until the big week Meaghan and I had planned.

My mom had just picked up my daughter for the week, and Meaghan's mom was leaving town with her fiancé. Meaghan and I pictured ourselves hitting the beach, drooling over the selection of young studs and watching movies. But all those fun plans were spoiled when my car died.

Meaghan's presence always brought a smile to my face, but it was hard to hide my disappointment.

"What's wrong, Kelly?" Meaghan asked, noting my half smile.

"Little Red just got towed to the shop. I guess if we're going to be girls-gone-wild, we'll have to get creative at home."

"That sucks, but hey, there's still plenty of fun!" Pressing past me, she gave me a quick peck on the cheek and playfully squeezed my ass. Collapsing on the couch, she kicked off her sandals. "There's always the pool here at the complex. Just ignore the elderlies and that crabby woman with all those kids. And you promised to finally make me a daiquiri."

"Hey, why not. Its five minutes past noon on a Saturday. I'll put the blender to work. After a drink we'll go to the pool for some sun." I replied and we went to the kitchen.

Meaghan took a string bikini out of her bag and displayed it in her hands. "I bought this right after graduation but Mom had a fit. So I never wore it outside of my room. I swear she thought I'd get pregnant just by wearing it in the pool. I joked with her that since I've been on the pill for two years and still a virgin she'd have to call in the pope to declare it a miracle."

"Ha! You little liar. So she still doesn't know about Erik?" I asked, amused by her sassiness. Meaghan had told me about her one and only sexual fling which had taken place the previous summer. A boy her age lived in the complex and they managed to hook up for some first-time sex. From what she described, it was every bit as awkward and disappointing as could have been expected.

"Of course not! Hell, I wish I could forget him now that he moved. Based upon my extensive research of Cosmo magazines, Erik suffered from a bad case of premature ejaculation. Plus he was scrawny. Also, I learned from my research that his dick was smaller than the average male. At least I'm still an oral virgin. The three times we tried to have sex added up to a total of five minutes." She said, breaking out in laughter.

Handing her a tall glass of my strawberry alcohol-infused concoction, I placed a hand on shoulder. "Aw, poor girl." I said teasingly. "Don't worry. You're so damn cute you'll be able to take your pick of studs once you get to college."

"I'm cute? But not sexy?" She replied, leaning against the counter and tossing her hair back. Adding some overdramatic blinking of her long eyelashes for good measure, she playfully teased down one strap of her tank top. "How about now?" She said, tossing her head back and gliding her hand over her erect nipple which pressed against the thin shirt. Now, it was clearly obvious Meaghan's over-the-top theatrical performance was just typical of her fun-loving and upbeat personality.

Taking a sip of my drink through the long straw, I tried to think of a smart-assed response.

But, my heart began to race a little. The fact was, I'd always found her to be sexy. I was attracted to Meaghan's soft round features, her dark eyes and her lovely body. That attraction had sprouted and grew over the past six months. And I knew the reason why. Over the years, I'd found myself inexplicably turned on by the sight of certain women. I'd repressed those feelings whenever they occasionally arose, keeping them deep inside of me-my unspoken secret.

Meaghan's outgoing personality came without a filter, and she often made silly suggestive jokes. And she had no problem being shy with her body around me-often changing in front of me while we talked. Although there was never an outright admission of a mutual attraction, I started to think she was throwing me hints-perhaps she shared those same secret feelings as me. And in those past six months I fought against my inhibitions and finally relented to secretly fantasize about Meaghan. I'm sure I probably helped it along by adding a few girl-girl stories to my burgeoning erotic romance library-my only sex life. Still, I kept my guilty secret desire hidden from her.

"You have no idea." I replied, straightforward and dry. Not a hint of sarcasm came out of my mouth.

Meaghan looked at her drink, slowly stirring it with the straw.

My thoughts flashed like warning lights. Damn! She must be freaking out.

But she didn't freak out. I felt something warm in my chest when I noticed she was blushing. Once her blush faded, she turned her face slightly upward. Her big dark eyes stared at me through wisps of her hair and she smiled.

"I think we should take these drinks out to the pool." She said, suddenly pulling off her tank top. Her perky breasts looked just a little bigger than a handful and her nipples were small but erect. After stepping out of her shorts and panties, she ran her fingers over her cleanly shaved little pussy. "I decided to shave it. Not quite used to it yet, but it feels good."

"Nice job. First time I did it I looked like I'd been attacked by a bobcat." I replied, wishing I could run my fingers over her silky pussy and feel her concealed clit and lips.

"Check it out." I think my heart stopped when she grabbed my hand and placed it on her freshly shaved skin. "Did I miss any places?"

Okay, I was no fool. Meaghan was teasing me. Probably because she knew how I'd looked at her. I slid my hand over the top then briefly cupped my fingers under her, intentionally running my middle finger lightly between her outer folds before pulling my hand away. Yes! I thought, realizing she was wet. I'm going to play this game too.

"It can be tricky. But..." I playfully nudged her with my elbow. "If you ever need some help with it, I know a rabid bobcat that does a fair job."

"Actually, you were my inspiration, Kell. I noticed you shaved, so I wondered what it would be like." She replied, pulling on her tiny bikini bottom. Fastening her top, she looked at me. "Your turn."

"Okay. Mine's in my room." I said, beckoning her to follow me. So she noticed I'd shaved. There was another big sign. I'd changed in front of her before, but I didn't know she'd looked me over. Meaghan and I had very similar bodies, I didn't think I was as cute as her and my reddish-brown hair didn't seem as sexy as her dark hair but I liked that we both wore our hair long and straight.

Meaghan sat on the edge of my bed, slowing flipping the pages of a romance novel she picked up from my nightstand. "I'm nearly done with the last book you lent me. You'll have to hurry up and finish this one." She said, looking up to see me undress.

I made a point of standing close to her, to offer her the same sort of view she offered me. As soon as I was naked, she reached out and cupped my breasts with her hands. She lightly squeezed them before cupping her own breasts. "I wish my tits were a little bigger, like yours. And you have bigger nipples." She said. Her gaze lowered to my pussy, which was at her eye-level.

I put on the smallest bikini I owned, matching Meaghan's nearly-naked swimwear choice. I took her hand, "Come on, let's refill these drinks and get some sun."

My heart was skipping and my pussy was soaked. I couldn't believe it. All my fantasizing no longer seemed to be so outrageous. The idea of actually kissing a girl for the first time, or doing anything beyond that, didn't seem to be as weird as I thought it might. I could do it. I could do it with Meaghan. Just maybe, I hoped.

Meaghan and I chose a pair of reclining lounge chairs and set ourselves up for a relaxing afternoon. The swimming pool was really one of the biggest reasons I chose to live at that complex. It was rarely busy and always kept clean. That day was typical. We had it all to ourselves. We finished our drinks and read our respective steamy romance novels, periodically sharing comments on the plots or the characters.

"Time for some sun on my other side." I said, getting up to lower the chair's back.

"Lay down and I'll get your back." Meaghan said, shaking a bottle of suntan lotion.

I obliged, and positioned myself face-down on the lounger. She dribbled the warm oil on my bare skin and smoothed with her palms. I was pleasantly surprised when she didn't stop there. Instead, she massaged my back with slow kneading pressure. "Ah, that feels great. You should be a masseuse." I said.

Meaghan leaned over me, her hands slid along my sides to my waist and her thumbs rotated into the small of my back. Adding more oil to her hands, she switch to my left leg. With both hands, she slowly worked the oil up from my calf to my thigh. How far will she go? I wondered. Curious and hopeful, I parted my legs slightly. The side of her one hand met the edge of my bikini bottom and slid up and over the exposed skin of my ass. She repeated her technique on my right leg, and when her hand arrived at the top of my thigh, I ever so slightly tilted my pelvis and met the side of her hand with the fabric covering my pussy. She didn't linger. She gave me a playful slap on my ass. "That was sassy, Kelly." Laughing, she returned to her chair.

"Hey, I looks like Jim has company. A very hot guy kind of company." She said.

Jim was my neighbor on the other side of my place. He was a super nice guy, very good looking and as gay as they come. He was out of town on an extended trip and one of his friends was staying in his apartment.

"That's Jim's friend Kevin. He's taking care of Jim's cats. I've seen him around here quite a bit. We've said hi to each other, small talk, you know. Unfortunately, if he's staying at Jim's he's definitely batting for the other team. Too bad for us." I said, lifting my head to watch the muscular dark-haired man leaving Jim's apartment. "Jim has good taste, I'll give him that."

"Yeah, too bad because I know of a couple of pussies he could take care of." Meaghan replied.

I was looking forward to reciprocating Meaghan's sun tan oil massage when a huge dark cloud blocked the sun. Giant drops of rain plopped down around us, suddenly erupting into an all-out downpour. Squealing, we grabbed our things and raced to my door. Quickly drying off, I ordered a pizza and we decided to watch a romantic comedy.

While waiting for the movie to start, Meaghan noticed something on my coffee table. She opened a catalog which came in my mail that morning. "Holy sex toys!" She said, slowly turning the pages with one hand, a piece of pizza in the other.

"Oh, yeah. Once you order something from them you're on their mailing list for life."

"Wait. So you actually ordered stuff from here?" She asked, looking closely at the sexily clad lingerie models.

"Hell yeah. Best boyfriends a girl could ask for. Always hard and leave you satisfied, plus they don't spend your paycheck or tell you what to do." I teased. "I've ordered some of lingerie but haven't worn it yet. And just last week I finally got one of these." I said, turning the page and pointing out a very life-like, eight inch dildo.

"Oh my God, Kelly. So how'd you like it? Was it actually life-like?"

"It looks and feels just like the real thing, as far as I can tell. I haven't tried it out yet. I've been working extra hours and was trying to spend as much time with Abby as I could before she went to my mom's."

"You'll have to show it to me later. I've never actually seen a dildo."

"Well, I have a few toys but I wanted to find something that looked like Superman's cock."

Now, Meaghan knew who I referred to. About four months prior, my boss asked me to set up a display at a conference in Baton Rouge. It was my first overnight work trip and I looked forward to some free adult time in a nice hotel, just like other young working adults get to do. Late in the evening, I stopped by the hotel bar, dressed in a hopeful cocktail dress and sat by bar. A hunk of a man in his early thirties took a seat next to me and we spent a couple of hours just talking. He was still in his suit from the conference, and just having his attention made me feel special. He didn't utter a single cheesy pick-up line or crude comment. He actually asked about me, and we talked from there. Later, he asked if I wanted to come up to his room for a nightcap.

Then he kissed me. And when he kissed me, it was different than any kiss I've had before. He made love to me and treated me as if I were the most important thing in his life. We had the best sex until the sun came up. I knew he was probably not single, I never asked. I figured he was playing a role, like he wanted me to experience what it could be like. I gave him my number when I left that morning, but I never heard back. It was the only time in my life a man truly made love to me, not just fucked me. He became the gold standard for all my fantasies. From that point forward, I referred to him as Superman.

"Sucks you never heard from him." Meaghan said.

"I knew I wouldn't. I didn't have any expectations when I went to his room. I wanted one thing, sex. And he gave me more than just sex, he made me feel what it was like to make love. It was more than any man ever did. So, I'm good with it."

After our movie, Meaghan stretched. "I need to shower before bed."

"Me too. Use the master bath in my room. I'd hate to see you slip and fall on one of Abby's toys in the tub." I laughed. "I don't have liability insurance or anything." I teased. "Come on, I've got to put fresh towels out in there anyway."

Once we were in my room, Meaghan begged to see my new toy. I removed my shoebox of goodies from my bedroom closet and handed her the unopened package containing my new dildo.

"I need one of these." She said, opening the box. "God, it's nice and thick. And detailed. It looks so real. I'd love to find a guy with a nice cock like this." She said, placing it on my nightstand.

"I think it matters more about the guy that cock is attached to!" I teased.

I watched her undress and as she walked toward the bathroom, my eyes explored her every delicious curve and the perfect shape of her rounded ass. I was about to put away my new toy while she showered but decided to leave it out in plain view. I knew I wanted her to stay on the topic of sex because our conversation had my body tingling with excitement.

She came out and dried off. Wrapped in a towel, she walked over to the bed. "Your turn. I'm just going to get to bed now, if it's okay."

"Sure." I replied, and went to shower off.

When I returned, Meaghan was laying on her side and covered with a sheet. Except her shoulders, which were bare. Her towel was draped over my vanity chair. Apparently she'd fallen asleep naked. I took a deep breath, trying to calm my excitement. I couldn't believe I was about to lie down next to her. I hate to sleep in the dark, so turned on a tiffany table lamp which stood on my dresser, across the room. Dropping my towel, I also went under the covers naked.

"Kell." She whispered. "It's okay with me if you want to finally use your new toy. I'll just stay facing away from you."

I was shocked. "Um, maybe." I replied.

"You said you were waiting to and I don't want to ruin your time to relax." She said quietly. "What do you think about when you play with yourself?" She asked, her voice still quiet.

"I have at least two fantasies lately. One is replaying my memory of that night with Superman. Just because he made me feels so special. Like the way he kissed me." I felt a slight rhythmic movement coming from Meaghan. My heart started to beat like mad, knowing she was discreetly rubbing herself.

"I don't think I know what you mean. Can you explain it more?" She asked.

Here's my chance. It's now or never. I thought to myself. "I can tell you what he said to me."

"Tell me, like you're him speaking." She said.

I shifted my body, my breasts lightly touching her back. Brushing her hair from her neck, I brought my lips to the bare skin and kissed her neck, just below her ear. Then I whispered, "You are so beautiful. So perfect. I want to taste you. I want to bury myself inside of you. I want to make you cum over and over." I slid my hand over her, and cupped her breast.

Meaghan's breathing became heavier and she let just a hint of moan escape. "What is... that other fantasy... you've been thinking about?"

Gliding my hand over her breasts, I followed their sexy contour and relished in feeling her hardened nipples under my palm. "Hmmm...well, I've never done anything with a girl. But I've thought a lot about it. Not just any girl. But you." I said, waiting for her to flip out.

She didn't say a word, but could tell she was moving her hand faster and more deliberately over her pussy. Bringing my lips to back to her neck, I began to lightly kiss her. Moving my hand from her breasts to her forearm, I followed her arm until my palm rested in top of her circling hand. "You're my fantasy, Meaghan." Rolling onto her back, she kicked off the covers and parted her legs. Her simple movement excited me more than anything. She'd signaled her desire and willingness and I intended to make love to her-the kind of erotic pleasure which my superman had shown me.

In the soft glow of my room, her soft skin looked like gold silk. I took a few seconds to savor her luscious, delectable body, watching her breasts slowly rise and fall with each deep breath. Our hands still cupping her pussy, she looked into my eyes, her gaze seemed desperate for me to take her. I placed my lips on hers and we began to kiss. Without hesitating, I slipped my tongue in as her mouth parted, meeting my tongue with hers. I could taste her sweetness as our slick tongues danced passionately.

While we continued to kiss, I slipped my fingers in between hers. Moaning into my mouth, she removed her hand. I'd never played with another pussy, but I knew what liked to feel. She felt hot, and wet. Using my index finger and middle finger on each side of her clit, I slid them up and down, rocking her clit. She felt like me, only a little smaller. Moving my focus to her clit, I used my fingers over the tip of her clit with a small circular motion. Her kiss became frantic and I felt her body tense. I'd made her cum.
