 Once upon a time, in a place far away but not so very much different than it is here, there lived a young woman who was just voyaging out on the journey of her life. 

She was pretty, but not so pretty that you'd expect to see her on the cover of a magazine. Her hair was sort of blonde and sort of brown, and every once in a while she'd put a red rinse in it that made people look twice, but it never would last long - hair dye never did with her. Her eyes were emerald green. She wasn't particularly tall or short, and she wasn't particularly thin or fat. She was basically your everyday pretty girl, the kind you see walking down the street and when you see her you think to yourself, "She's pretty."

Melissa, her name is Melissa, didn't I tell you? Well, Melissa had gone to college and done well and after she had graduated she had found a good job and moved to the city where the job was.

When she moved to the city she knew only the people she had met when she interviewed for her job, and none of them were her friends yet. So Melissa, for all practical purposes, was an anonymous pretty girl in a new city. Nobody knew her, or where she was from, or who her family was or what people thought about her in the places she had lived before.

And, as far as Melissa was concerned, this was a good thing.

It was a good thing because Melissa wanted a new start on life. And part of what she wanted to do in this new life was figure out what kind of a sexual being she was.

Melissa was not a virgin, but she did not think of herself as being terribly well educated and experienced when it came to sex. Her first experience had come during her freshman year in college with a sweet foreign boy she had met in her chemistry class. They had overcome their shyness and learned about each other's bodies that year, and finally in the early spring they had intercourse. They had never really fallen in love, but did make love occasionally over the course of their college years. She slept with a few other people during those years, but always came back to him. But he had gone home to his country and she had come to this new city.

And she knew that as sweet and wonderful as her sex life with him had been, that there was much more to experience. She thought about how she could get that experience. While meeting boys at college had been fun and relatively easy, she was uneasy about meeting men in bars in this new city. Melissa was also curious about what it would be like to be with a woman. But she had no experience in meeting women at all, and barely had any idea about where to start. 

On top of it all, Melissa wasn't sure she wanted to get into an emotional relationship. It would be nice, but she was pretty sure that if she fell in love with someone that, while she would probably want to experiment sexually with that person, it would be only with that person. So if she wanted to be with a woman, or with more than one person, it would be better if it were just physical. At least that's what she told herself.

So Melissa went on the Internet and found some sites where people advertised for sexual partners and started reading ads.

At first, Melissa was a little shocked. There were a lot of people who sounded like they wanted to do a lot of unusual things - including a few she'd never heard about. But she read through the ads and thought about what she wanted to experience, and then she put together an ad for herself. It read something like this:

Single female, looking to expand my horizons and broaden my experience. I am new to all of this and in search of others who are also new, or those who can be patient with one who is new. I think I'd like to start with a couple, but you might convince me otherwise. I do know that for me pain and humiliation are not erotic, nor are activities involving bodily wastes. Being discreet is a must, but exhibitionism is not out of the question. Drug and disease-free of course, safe sex is required. Please write me and tell how you might help me explore my erotic side. 

Melissa was pleased when she received a number of replies. She was not pleased that most of them were from men who wanted to cheat on their wives and from other men who thought that using foul language and describing their penises in terms that were far from believable was attractive. Still, there were some replies she didn't automatically delete from her e-mail.

A few were from single men she thought might be interesting in the long run or just to cure her horniness when it got to be too much. A few were from single women, some experienced, some innocent. They were interesting, but Melissa just wasn't sure. It just seemed like there was too much of a chance she'd fall in love with one of these people.

And there were a few from couples. They were kind of interesting, but most of them were from people who had been swingers for a while, and some of them had some ideas about what they'd like to do that seemed to be a bit too much for her tastes.

Finally, Melissa came home from work one night and checked her e-mail and there was a letter from a young couple that she thought might be just right.

Clare and Jim was a couple in their early thirties. Here's what they wrote to Melissa that first night:

Dear Melissa,

Tonight your ad came up on the list of people we might be interested in on the matching web site we subscribe to. We looked at your ad and your picture. You are very pretty.

Like you, this is a very new experience for us. Frankly, we're not sure about this kind of activity at all. We are very much in love and are going to stay that way. Still, sharing our bodies with someone else has always been a fantasy for us.

About those bodies - neither of us could be described as Barbie or Ken. I'm 5' 3" and 130 lbs. I have blue eyes and blonde hair (ok, maybe a little like Barbie, but not really). Jim is 5' 10" and 210 lbs. He has brown hair and hazel eyes. We exercise a little, but not as much as we should. Neither of us smokes, but we do drink now and then. No drugs and we're disease free, of course.

We're doing this because we want to explore more about our sexuality. Jim, like many men, has fantasized about being with two women at once. I'm curious about what it would be like to share him with another woman, and what it would be like to be with another woman as well. I hesitate to add that last part - I am curious, but it makes me very nervous as well. I mean, I didn't grow up thinking about women, but we've read some books and gotten some movies with lesbian scenes, and I've found myself reacting to them. So...

Anyway, there's more of course, but I don't want to overwhelm you with a long, perverted letter at first. We're really nervous about this, but if your ad is real, I think we might be at pretty much the same place and maybe we could have some fun together.

Please write back if you're interested.

Clare

Melissa read the letter over a couple of times, then saved it and shut off the computer and had dinner. While she ate, she thought about the letter and what might happen.

"Well," she thought to herself, "This might be what you want to do. They don't sound too threatening. Actually, they sound kind of nice. Check their ad - if it sounds like the letter maybe they could be a good couple to start with."

After she had finished dinner Melissa got back on the computer and found Clare and Jim's ad. It said pretty much what the letter had - they were new to this, wanted to experiment, but were nervous about it. The first picture was pretty much what Melissa expected - a short blonde woman, a little heavy, but not unattractive. Jim was pretty good-looking, but a little heavy too. It was the second and third pictures that got her attention. The first one was of Clare, nude. She was sitting on a chair with her legs spread open. Melissa saw that Clare had shaved off all of her pubic hair. Melissa could see that Clare was probably a little excited when the picture was taken - you could see her inner labia had pushed out from between her outer labia and it all looked a little moist. Clare's breasts were large with pink areolas and erect nipples. The picture made Melissa squirm a little when she thought about what it would be like to be with Clare.

The next picture made her squirm even more. It was of both Clare and Jim. They were naked. Jim was sideways to the picture with his erection jutting out from his body. Clare was on her knees, one hand reaching out towards Jim's penis, the other buried between her legs. It was clear that she was getting ready to give him a blowjob and that she was rubbing herself at the same time. Melissa looked at the picture for a long time.

If we had been in the room with Melissa we would have seen her looking at the picture on the screen with her mouth open a little. Her skirt was bunched up in her lap, and her left hand was between her legs. She was in some kind of reverie and was staring hard at the picture. You would have seen the muscles in her arm working, and if you could have seen her hand, you would have seen it had worked its way inside her panties and that Melissa was masturbating. 

A while later you would have seen Melissa shake a little, and would have heard a soft little moan escape from her lips as Melissa had a little orgasm. And then Melissa wiped her hand on her thigh and blushed a little because she was surprised and a little embarrassed that just looking at a picture and thinking about a letter had gotten her excited.

Melissa opened up her e-mail and sent the following letter to Clare and Jim.

Dear Clare and Jim,

Thank you for your letter. I looked at your ad and you are pretty good looking, too. I really liked your pictures, especially the third one. You're really brave to put that kind of picture up. I also really liked what you said in your letter.

I'm doing this because I want to find out more about myself and about sex and about being with other people. I thought I'd start with a couple because that way I might try some new things with a man and some really new things with a woman. Like you, Clare, I never really thought a lot about being with a woman, but I'm curious. And looking at your picture makes me even more curious about what it would be like to make love with another woman. I also think it would be very exciting to have two people paying attention to me at the same time, and to pay attention to a man with another woman.

I'm a little nervous about all of this and don't know how it really works, but I do think I'd like to meet you. But everything I've heard and read said you should do it someplace safe and you should just meet the first time with no expectations from anybody.

I'm also kind of new to this city, so maybe you should suggest someplace to meet. It should be real public, but discreet at the same time. I guess I mean I need to feel safe. Maybe at a mall or someplace like that where there's lots of people but where we can go to a restaurant and sit down away from other people and talk a little.

Melissa

P.S. Just so you know I am really interested, and that you already excite me, I'll tell you that I masturbated while looking at your picture just now and had a nice little orgasm. Thanks.

Melissa read the letter over and then pushed the button to send it. It went off into wherever e-mail goes and Melissa went to bed. That night she had dreams about having oral sex with men she didn't know and about all of a sudden being naked in a restaurant in a mall and not being able to find her clothes and how the coat check girl wanted Melissa to go down on her before she would tell Melissa where her clothes were. And then, when Melissa went into a clothes store, and she was still naked, every time she went all the clothes changed into sex toys and how everyone in the store was trying them out and how the clerk took a vibrator and put it inside her and she had a big orgasm in front of everybody. When she woke up she felt a little like a porn star Alice in Wonderland.

Three long days later an e-mail came from Clare and Jim. It said that they had thought long and hard about it, and wanted to meet Melissa. They suggested that they meet early the next Saturday afternoon at a mall on the far side of town from where Melissa lived. There was a fountain in the middle of the mall and they could meet there, then find a discreet but public table at one of the restaurants in the mall. Melissa wrote back that she'd be there.

That Saturday our heroine was very nervous, but determined to see things through. "After all," she said to herself, "you don't have to have sex today. You're just meeting two new friends for lunch."

She decided to dress simply, but a little sexily. She selected a blue bra and thong panties that matched. A short denim skirt and a simple but sheer white blouse topped them. If you looked, Melissa knew, you could see the bra underneath the blouse. She also knew that if she weren't careful when she bent over that the skirt tended to ride up a little and show off her butt. She slipped into pair of sandals and looked at herself in the mirror. 

"I look good," Melissa said out loud. She really did, too. There was nothing she was wearing that was unusual or unordinary, but the combination really worked for her. Melissa unbuttoned one more button than she usually did on her blouse and turned sideways to the mirror. Looking over at herself, she saw that her blouse had opened up a little and that her breast, cradled in the blue fabric of her bra, was visible. "Yup," she thought, "If the shirt opens up a little you can see my breast. Good."

Melissa checked her purse. She wasn't planning to have sex today, but just in case she had put some condoms and a small bottle of lube in her purse, along with a little vibrator she really liked. There was also the letter from blood testing place she had gotten the day before. Jim and Clare had been very insistent that she be able to prove that she did not have any STDs and had recommended the company. It had been a little expensive, but it was good to know that she didn't have anything and that Jim and Clare would be giving her similar letters about themselves.

"You are such a slut," she thought to herself. "What are you doing?"

Melissa was nervous. On the drive to the mall she unbuttoned and buttoned her blouse over and over again. When she got to the mall she found a parking place and finally decided to leave her blouse open that extra little bit, but she carefully arranged it so that it didn't blatantly gape open.

She got out of the car and walked across the parking lot. It was August, and very hot and the heat washed up at her from the asphalt. When she walked into the mall the cold of the air conditioning hit her like a wave, and she felt her nipples harden in reaction to it. She heard a little gasp next to her, and looked over. A teenage boy was looking at her - or more accurately - looking into her blouse that had opened up and at how her nipple was clearly poking up through the fabric of her bra. She smiled at him and he blushed a deep red.

Melissa walked to the center of the mall and found the fountain. She didn't see Clare and Jim, so she sat down at a table and waited. A minute or two later she heard a soft voice at her shoulder.

"Melissa?" Clare's voice was barely above a whisper. She was dressed similarly to Melissa, in a green skirt and white polo. 

Melissa turned around. "Yes, are you Clare?" she asked.

"Yes, and this is Jim." Clare turned a little and Jim stepped up. He was wearing khakis and a green polo that matched Clare's skirt.

"Why don't we go over to that restaurant there," said Jim. "It might be a little more discreet."

As they walked over Melissa looked at the couple. They were better looking than in their picture. Melissa blushed when she thought about the fact that she knew what they looked like naked. Clare saw her. 

"You're thinking about those pictures, aren't you?" she asked.

"Yes," Melissa admitted. "I am."

"I can't believe we took them, and then put them with the ad," said Clare. "I bet there are lots of guys out there masturbating to them."

"Well," Melissa said quietly, "You know I did."

A few minutes later they were sitting at a booth in a small restaurant. Everyone in the room could see them, and they were next to a window so the people in the mall walking by could see them as well. But the back of the booth was high and, even though they were visible, it was hard for anyone else to hear what they were saying.

After they had ordered lunch and it had arrived, they started talking. Melissa told Clare and Jim about where she had grown up and the kind of work she did and what college was like and what is was like to be in a new city. The told her about growing up in the city and how they met and got to know each other and how Jim had proposed. And then they talked about what they did and about the city and the things they really liked about it.

And after they had eaten, and were sitting in the booth with their coffee, Clare brought up the real reason they all were there. She spoke very quietly; just to be sure she wasn't overheard.

"And then there's sex," she said. "Jim and I have a great sex life. We really enjoy each other and we've tried quite a few things. But, like we said in the letter, we've always thought about being with someone else, too. We put our ad up a while ago, but most of the replies weren't very interesting - in fact most of them were from people we really weren't comfortable with. And then we saw your letter and thought you sounded a lot like us and you were nice looking and everything, so we thought about it and sent you the letter. Your response was really nice and we thought really hard about it and now we're here. And I think you're really nice. And I'm really nervous about this. And if Jim looks down your blouse one more time I'm going to slap him, but I'm kind of glad he is because that means you're turning him on and I'm horny and geez, I'm babbling."

Melissa blushed, and glanced over at Jim. She'd been aware he'd been looking at her breasts now and then, and she'd made sure he could get a good view. She'd never really exhibited herself like this before, and she was a little surprised it worked. Her breasts weren't that big, to start with and she'd got used to the temperature so her nipples weren't poking out anymore. Still, she was flattered.

"I've got to admit I'm a little horny, too," Melissa replied. "I mean, we've been sitting here talking like everybody else, but there's been kind of that undertone. I never unbutton my blouse this far, but today I just had to. And I think you two are really nice. I really have only had sex with a few boys at school and I want to learn more. You seem to be really in love and I know I don't want to do anything to mess that up for you. But I want to know more about how I react to sex, and what it's like to be with more than one person, and a woman." She paused for a moment, and then said; "I think I'd like to be with you, if you want."

Clare and Jim looked at each other for a minute. It was clear they wanted to talk, but felt uncomfortable about doing it in front of Melissa. Melissa solved the problem.

"I need to excuse myself for a minute," she said. "I'll be right back." Then she got up to go to the bathroom, but as she slipped out of the booth she dropped her purse on the floor. She bent over to get it, and as she did she felt her skirt rise up over her butt, and she knew that Clare and Jim were getting a real good look at her backside. She stood up, and saw that both Jim and Clare were blushing a little.

"Just a little more advertising, I guess" she said to them, and blushed herself.

Melissa used the bathroom and took her time washing her hands and brushing her hair and touching up the little bit of makeup she was wearing. Then she went back to the table.
