 "Hey, if it'll stop you from just staring, my name is Kara."

I really was shocked by this one. Just a second ago, this hot 18 year old chick was kissing her equally hot friend. Who wouldn't stare? "Hey, I'm Joe. I had to look... in fact, if I had a camera, I'd be taking pictures. I don't know if you realize this, but its always hot when two girls make out. Its even better when they look like you two." An outspoken asshole, I was usually the first one to talk.

Despite my comments, she didn't skip a beat. "You're not from Vermont, are you? You have an accent." Ok, so both of us were pretty blunt. Its definitely more fun this way, not to mention I have a better chance at making something happen. I'm not from Vermont, I'm from Jersey, taking a little family vacation. I'm 19, and the only one my age on this ski/snowboard weekend was me. My parents were invited to spend some time with their friends at a condo, and I was more than happy to take a break from work and school to hang out and find some cute snowboarder girls. I've always been athletic, having been a wrestler and a baseball player in high school, so I have always had a pretty good build. At 5'11", 175lbs, lean but cut muscle, I was looking good. My decent looks, good build, and a fairly known above-average dick helped me get my share of sexy women. Right now, I was looking at this girl Kara.

"Nope, I'm a Jersey guy here for a weekend. I'm guessing you live around here though." She bit her lip as she sized me up, her friend now at her side. Kara had dark red hair, almost black in the dimly lit coffee house. She had a slim body, by my guess about 110lbs, 5'7", and C cup tits. She had this dark but playful look, very light skinned, but with deep red lipstick to go with her hair. Definitely a hell of a look.

Her friend was just as sexy, but a little bit of a different look. She was a brunette with blond streaks, kind of tan, but had the same deep red lipstick. She was about 5'6", 90lbs, slightly smaller in the chest with B's, but an amazingly tight ass that looked like it needed to be grabbed.

No matter my chances with these girls, they knew the area, and I needed something to do besides hanging out drinking coffee. This was it. "I'm Joe, Kara and I were just talking about what there is to do around here."

Kara giggled as her friend said "I'm Lauren" with a very sweet smile. "Why, what are you telling him we can do tonight?"

Kara replied "Don't look at me, he just brought that up now. I'm sure we can think of something though. After all, you don't know what's around here, and we get bored of doing the same thing every night." She seemed to get lost in thought for a second. "Why don't you come hang out with us at our house tonight? We were going to watch a movie anyway."

It didn't take long for the decision to be made. I would go just about anywhere with those girls. I figured if they were just lipstick lesbians having some fun, I had a chance with Kara, she seemed interested enough. "Sounds like a plan to me. I don't have a car while I'm out here though, so are you far?"

"No, we're just around the corner, thats why we come here."

"So you two live together?" I started to think maybe they were more than just lipstick lesbians... while I could hope for the best, I worried about my chances.

"Yep. Our moms both got divorced, and were best friends, so they moved in together. Which is cool, since Lauren is my best friend, and we get to share a room and do girly stuff together all the time."

"Thats pretty cool, sounds like you two get to have plenty of fun." On the inside, I was smiling even more – just best friends, not a girlfriend. Perfect.

"Lets go, if I stay here any longer I think I'm going to explode from all the caffeine" Lauren interjected as she grabbed Kara's and my arm.

We left the coffee house, and made our way inside. I quickly met Lauren's mom, who was running out the door to meet Kara's mom in the car. According to Lauren, after work every Friday they have a dedicated girls night out at the local bars and clubs. Once we got to their room, Lauren left to go get a drink from the kitchen, leaving Kara and I alone in their room, waiting. Almost as soon as we had sat down, Kara turned to me and leaned in for a very sexy kiss, her lips were very soft, and she nibbled on my lip just a bit. Mid-tongue, Lauren came back in the room with a bottle of Jack and some coke. "Hey you two, the movie isn't even on yet, and I don't have a drink in my hand. Make some room for me on there!"

"Here take a seat, I'm going to go to the bathroom real quick. Where is it?" Lauren pointed me on my way. Once in the bathroom, I checked to see if there was anything on my face, my breath, etc., just to cover my insecure 19 year old bases. When I got back, my jaw dropped.

Kara and Lauren were making out on the bed, much more into it than the little pecks in the coffee house, and definitely more than when Kara and I were just kissing. I don't think they realized I was in the room. Kara caught me out of the corner of her eye, broke the kiss, and told me to get on the bed and she'd pop in the movie. As I was sitting down, I asked what we were watching. "You'll see" was the only answer I got, followed by another giggle. I took a sip of my Jack & coke, and sat down on the bed. Lauren put her hand behind my head, and pulled me towards her. Now this was something I could get into.... I wonder how far they'll let me go?

I felt some movement on the bed, and saw Kara sitting almost in between us. She started kissing and sucking on my neck, and I heard the sound pop on the TV. I figured they might stop and watch the movie, but instead Lauren simply broke the kiss, and started on the other side of my neck. Thats when I realized what we were going to be watching tonight.

On the screen was these two sexy girls, both in their bras and panties. Lauren and Kara started taking my shirt off, and I missed the next part. The next thing I saw on the screen was Lauren's mouth on Kara's big perky tits, licking and sucking on her erect nipples. Lauren's hands were moving down Kara, rubbing her obviously wet pussy from the outside of her friend's thong.

The pair was doing something similar to me, kissing a trail down my chest, onto my stomach, as the two of them lightly caressed my hard cock through my jeans. One hand moved to my belt, and I felt a button coming undone. I only felt it because I was gawking at the screen, as I watched Lauren tonguing her best friend's juicy cunt. Now, they had my attention though. As I looked down, they were pulling on my jeans, wanting to get my dick out of the constraints of my boxers. As they got it out, they saw the 8" of thick, hard meat just waiting for them. Practically drooling, they each took a place on the side of my cock, licking the shaft up and down. I had never felt anything like this before. I've had blowjobs, sure, but there's nothing like the feeling of two tongues trailing up and down, teasing the underside of the tip, then making out with my hardness in between. They had begun to swallow my throbbing rod, alternating. First Lauren took me deep into her mouth for a few strokes, nearly ¾ of the way down my pole. Then Kara startled me yet again, as she deep throated me! Never, ever had I felt that before! The end of my dick was down her throat, and a slight moan coming from her lips was exciting me beyond belief. Because of the recent firsts, and the incredibly sexy sight of two women sucking my cock, I knew I might not last long. I pulled Kara's head off of me, and pulled the two up to me.

They realized what was happening, and Lauren had begun squeezing Kara's tits as I squeezed her ass. Lauren and I went to work on Kara, taking off her shirt and bra, attacking those big melons together. I'm a boob man, of all shapes and sizes, and this was fantastic. Once we had Kara mostly undressed, Kara and I went to work on Lauren now, kissing and nibbling her clothes off. While having slightly smaller tits, they were absolutely perfect to squeeze. I twisted and pulled her nipple a bit while my hand found her pussy, which was sopping wet and completely shaved. Kara's head was moving down Lauren, and she began to slide her tongue up and down her best friend's hot slit. With her other hand, Kara was stroking my cock, guiding my body with it to move behind her. Once I looked at that sweet little ass, I had to smack it. She moaned with pleasure, grabbing my dick again and pointing it at her tight little pussy. I pushed in to the hilt, my balls bouncing as I filled her. She moaned loudly into her friends pussy, while Lauren was moaning from the pleasures she was getting. With one hand holding her friend's face to her cunt, and the other squeezing her tits, Lauren's eyes showed pure lust. Every thrust of my hard cock drove Kara into Lauren's sexy little slit, both of them moaning with pleasure as I felt Kara's warm, wet pussy envelope my throbbing pole. I knew that I would come quickly, as I was fucking her hard and fast. 10 minutes later, I felt my balls churning, and I told them "I'm gonna come so fucking good", feeling as if I was floating from the immense sexual pleasure I was feeling. Kara quickly pulled me out of her pussy, and spun around, Lauren joining at her side. They were fingering each other while they once again assaulted my cock with their mouths, licking and sucking.

Very soon after, I felt the most powerful come I had felt up to that point, shooting a powerful stream that hit Lauren on the cheek. Kara took me inside her mouth, tonging my balls as she deep throated me again. After the first few spurts, her and Lauren switched places. Though she couldn't take me in as far, Lauren took me mostly into her mouth as more jets of come came out of me. I don't think I ever came that much ever again. Lauren continued to treat my cock while I slowly stopped coming, stopped throbbing, and nearly stopped breathing from what I had just felt. As she let me out of her mouth, Lauren turned to her best friend, and they started to make out. They hadn't swallowed yes, and I could see my come on their tongues, swapping back and forth. An extremely erotic sight. The both swallowed most of my come, and began licking the bits that had dribbled sightly from their mouths off each others faces.

As I saw Kara licking my come off of Lauren's face, I stopped getting softer. After a few moments, Kara was on top of Lauren as they 69'd. Watching them lick and suck on each others pussies was enough for me, and I had a throbbing hard cock once again. I moved over by Kara's face and Lauren's tasty cunt, pointing my dick toward the hole. As I entered Lauren, Kara was licking my rod as it slid in and out of her friend, teasing her friend's pussy and my cock as we fucked. Too much sensation for her to handle, Lauren took her mouth away from her friend's lips, and started screaming "LICK MY FUCKING PUSSY!! OH MY GOOOODDDDDD!!!!!!! FUCK ME AS HARD AS YOU CAN, I WANT THAT HUGE COCK AS FAR IN ME AS IT GOES!!! OHHHHHH MYYYYYYY GOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!". She was coming fiercely, her whole body shaking violently as she pushed against my dick. She continued to tremble as her orgasms kept coming, when she suddenly pushed Kara's head away and tried to keep me from moving. She turned over as the last of her orgasms moved through her body, lightly caressing her own tits.

I put Kara on her back, and began to fuck her as hard and as deep as I was fucking her friend only moments before. As I drove myself inside her, I smacked her ass and pulled on her erect nips, intending on giving her just as great of an 'O' as her best friend just experienced. Having been so turned on by what we were doing, she seemed close. The room was filled with cries of "Fuck me hard goddamnit, I love that fucking cock" and "smack my fucking ass!!!" Her orgasm came on her quickly, moaning and screaming as she bit into my shoulder. She grabbed my ass and held me in place, her pussy unable to take a further pounding. When she calmed down enough for me to pull out, she grabbed me by the dick again, pulling me up. "I want you to come again, I want to taste it again." She pulled my body up hers until my dick was at her chest, squeezing her tits together, waiting for me to slide my cock between those huge globes. I looked to the side and saw that Lauren had recovered, and was now lazily rubbing her pussy while she watched us.

As my dick slid up past her tits, Kara would lick and nibble my dick, adding to the lubrication her sopping wet pussy had left on me. It didn't take very long, considering all the stimulation I had that night, and I began to come. Stroking my cock, she guided the thick streams onto her face and tits. As I laid back into the bed, I watched as Lauren descended upon her friend, licking up my come so they could kiss and share some more. As I looked at the TV screen, I remembered what we had barely started watching, and saw the same two sexy girls, with the same satisfied faces, staring back at me.

This was a vacation I could never forget.