 Once Upon a Time at a Swing Party

The craigslist post read:

Bi-sexual Swing Parties
Every Monday and Thursday 11:00 am to 3 PM and Saturday's 1 pm to 5 pm.
No Alcohol allowed, food and sodas provided, towels, lube & condoms provided.
Men will strip upon entering (can wear towel); women will strip or be in lingerie.
Anything goes (with consent) inside house, no sex outside house or in pool or hot tub, nude sunbathing allowed
"No" means "No" will be strictly enforced!
$20.00 donation for couples
$20.00 donation for single men
Single women free

You have to give credit to the Internet; you can truly find anything on it. I was looking for a used car and a friend told me to look on craigslist. Now this was in 2005 and I had never heard of craigslist so I hit the search button on yahoo and that quick I was looking at used cars. 

Finding nothing that interested me I noticed that the site also had personals, so out of curiosity I opened W for M and soon figured out that with a click of a button you could go to only post's that had photos. Well under W for M it looked to be all professional women so I started looking in the other sections.

It was in the MW for M section that I came across the above ad. Seeing that I was 20 years old, still living with my parents, had been dumped by my girlfriend acouple months ago, it was the middle of summer and our house had no pool, I thought why not answer the ad and see what happens.

I clicked on reply to post and sent an email stating that I was interested in attending. Two hours later I got a reply telling me to call the attached phone number to get the address. 

Being alittle nervous I dialed the number and a man answered the phone. He told me his name was Bill and made a point of telling me that the $20.00 dollars was just a donation for the food and drinks, he also gave me the impression that if I didn't donate I would not be admitted. I got the address and it being Thursday night I figured I would attend the Saturday gathering.

I did a quick search on Mapquest and found that it was not far from where we lived, I figured that it should only take about 15 minutes to get there.

Saturday morning arrived and I was eating breakfast with my mom, she asked me what I had planned for the day.

Of course being the free spirit that my mom is I told her I was going to a swing party, NOT! I told her I was going to hang out with friends. 

I know she wanted to tell me to get a haircut but she didn't. You see since my girlfriend had dumped me I had not shaven or gotten a haircut and it was driving her crazy.

"Will you be home for dinner, dad's is going to BBQ some steaks?"

I told her I would and asked what her and dad had planned for the day?

"We're going to do alittle shopping, catch an afternoon movie and then pick the steaks up on the way home, plan on eating around 6."

They both left the house around 10:30. 

I jumped in the shower (figured that if your going to attend a swing party you should at least be clean) and had to admit that I did look like a bum so I shaved and decided to get a haircut on the way.

I guess I should describe myself now for the individuals who want to picture me naked. Again I'm 20 years old, like to say 6' tall but really closer to 5' 10", I weight about 175, with blonde hair. I have what I think is a nice size cock at about 7", I'm cut, shaved balls, and I keep my pubes trimmed close (use to shave completely when I was on the swim team in High School). How many of you pervert's are stroking right now thinking of me? Don't shoot your wads yet the story gets better.

I put on a pair of shorts, t-shirt and sandals (figured I would be naked soon enough why get dressed up), and headed for the barber around 12:15.

When the barber asked how I wanted my haircut I figured what the hell buzz it. With that complete I thought "well on to the swing party."

I arrived at the house about 1:10 pm and was surprised to find that it was a nice one-story ranch house with a detached garage. It was located in an area of town zoned for people with horses so there was a lot of open land all around it. There was a dirt area out front of the house where there were about 10 to 15 cars parked, There was a large truck with the big wheels that was providing shade on the side of it so I parked my beat-up little Toyota next to it. 

I soon was at the front door finding it locked; I could hear people inside so I rang the doorbell. A tall older man and an older very skinny woman (they were both probably in their 60's) answered the door and introduced themselves as Bill and Jenny. Bill was dressed in just shorts, Jenny had on bra and a high hipped thong.  Bill shook my hand and gave me the rules since it was my first time there. 

As Bill was talking I scanned the room and noticed that for one thing there were a lot of older people there, the second thing I noticed was that there were a lot of older people there!

Bill told me to put my sandals by the door and pointed out the donation basket, he then pointed to a room down the hall and said that's where I was to disrobe and the towels were on the bed, with that Bill said "NO SEX IN THAT ROOM!"

He explained to me that there were four other rooms that had beds or couches. He pointed out the living room, which was to the right of where we were standing, and said there was also a rec room and bedroom off the kitchen. In these rooms anything goes. He again explained the "NO" means "NO" rule, and when finished told me that he was sure I'd have fun.

As he escorted me down the hall to the changing room we passed two rooms on the left, the first had about 10 people in it, all seemed to be in their 40's or 50's. There was a female on the bed but I could not see her because there were about 5 guys all over her. Bill told me this was the gangbang room.

The second room was very dark, it had heavy curtains that were drawn closed, it had a couch, loveseat, and there was an old lava lamp in the corner that was the only lighting for the room. There were 5 guys in the room watching each other stroke their cocks. Bill told me that this room was for male on male sex only, women could watch but hands off.

Now I had never seen another guy playing with himself so it was alittle bit of a shock to say the least. I couldn't see much standing in the doorway but I could make-out a guy sitting across from the door that was watching me as I watched him stroke his cock. I quickly followed Bill into the changing room on the right.

Bill explained that the changing room was the master bedroom, which was why no one was allowed to have sex in it. I could see clothes folded neatly all over the floor. Bill told me to find a spot for my clothes and that he was not responsible for anything that was left in the pockets that could be stolen. I had left my wallet, watch and phone in my car, all I had in my pockets were my keys. The last thing he told me was to please place any used condoms in a trashcan because he didn't like having to pick them up after the party was over.  

There was a man in the room who was about 40 taking his clothes off. Being nervous I grabbed a towel from the bed and turn my back to him and got naked.

I wrapped the towel around my waist and as I walked past the gay room I noticed that there were now about 7 guys in the room with acouple of them stroking each other on the couches. There were also two standing next to each other and one guy on his knees in front of them blowing one and stroking the other.

I walked through the hall to the living room and there was an older couple talking to a black guy. The woman was naked and her husband was playing with her pussy while she was talking to the black guy. Bill came up beside me, put his arm around my shoulder and told me that the living room was open to anything as long as everyone agreed.

As we continued Bill showed me the 4th bedroom, which had 2 couples in it (of course they were both older couples), they were all kissing and groping each other but there was no fucking going on, at least not yet. 

I should say that while all this was going on I kept hearing the doorbell ring and since Bill was with me I figured Jenny must have been greeting the newcomers.

Bill said that this was the couple's room, singles were not allowed in unless invited by the couples. One of the women (she had to be in her fifties, and big) saw me and said, "Look a young-in, come on in honey."

Bill felt me kind of back away and told her that he was giving me the tour.

He finally took me to the last room, the rec room. All this room had in it was a big king size mattress on the floor in the center of the room, there were 2 white older woman on their backs and about 10 black guys having fun with them. There were 2 old white guys standing in the corner watching and playing with their cocks. This room Bill told me was for women who wanted to experience BBC (Big Black Cocks).

He took me through the kitchen where there were 5 guys with towels around their waists and 2 older women in lingerie standing and talking, Bill showed me where the food and drinks were and pointed out how to get to the pool. With that he said the tour was finished, gave me a pat on the ass (more like a grab) and again told me to have fun. 

I went out to the pool area and tried to collect my thoughts. There were two couples in the pool, both in there 40's and both women were BBW's. I sat on the edge of the pool unwrapped my towel and decide to get some sun.

I could feel the two women in the pool staring at me and I was coming to the conclusion that I was the only person under 35 who was at this event (I'm being nice, it was probably more like 40 or 45!).

One of the BBW's swam over to me and asked how I was doing. She told me her name was Jan and I told her mine was Rob (I made it up). We chatted for a while and I could see her husband watching us closely. I was trying to keep control but having a lady talk to you (even a big lady) when your naked, oh hell I got a hard on! She got a big smile on her face and swam backwards without taking her eyes off me back to her husband and friends. 

They all got out of the pool and the two women came over and Jan introduced me to Sue. Their husbands soon joined us and all I could think was wow, here were these to big older naked women, flirting with me, and their husbands were just standing there watching. 

Their husbands must have gotten bored because soon they told their wives that they would meet them inside and left the three of us by the pool. 

Now Jan was a big woman, about 5'8", blonde with huge tits and large round nipples. She had a big hanging belly; a big ass and I think I saw a small blonde landing strip on her pussy

Sue was only about 5'2", had dark hair, and a nice deep tan with no tanlines. She had descent size tits that were pretty firm for her age. One of the distinguishing feathers of Sue were her nipples, both were pierced, they were very hard and stuck out about ½ inch. Sue was also a BBW but she had a pretty flat stomach with big wide hips, she had a large ass and a shaved pussy. Believe it or not she was kind of sexy.

They both kept looking at my hard cock and finally Jan said "well we better get back to our husbands, hoped to see you inside, and oh yeah your thingy is drooling." They laughed as they walked off.

I looked down and saw a long string of pre-cum dripping from the tip of my cock.

What had I gotten myself into? I had big old women lusting for me, men patting my ass, I had a decision to make and I made it quick, I had to get out of there. 

I jumped in the pool to cool myself down (even at a swing party I was to embarrassed to walk around with a hard-on), dried myself off and was just about to enter the living room when the doorbell rang, Bill answered it and in walked another couple. 

At this point everything seemed to go in slow motion. It took a few seconds but then it hit me, there was my mom and dad standing in the entryway talking to Bill.

I guess this is the point where I should describe what my mom and dad look like. My mom looks a lot like the mom on "That 70's Show". My dad is my height but weights about 220lbs; he's got that middle-aged potbelly, and has lost most of his hair.

I panicked and dove into the room to my left, the couple's room.

Jan was sitting on the couch, had pulled her belly up and was playing with her pussy, Sue was on her knees giving someone a blowjob, and the two husbands where fucking the two original ladies that I had seen in the room.

I could hear my mom's voice coming down the hallway asking Bill who was at the party, he was naming off different people and I could hear them coming closer and closer so I dove between Jan's legs and buried my face in her fat pussy.

Jan let out a yelp, dropped her belly on top of my head, and grabbed me by the ears and pulled my face into her pussy. 

Sue stopped giving her blowjob and crawled up behind me, pulled my towel off, leaned over my back, wrapped her arms around me, grabbed my cock and whispered in my ear "glad to see you again so soon."

Just then I heard my mom's voice "hey Jan I see your having fun."

"Oh yeah baby, we have some young meat here, oh Beth (my moms name) your going to have to try this one's tongue."

"Well don't wear him out, leave alittle bit for me"

Sue who was stroking my cock said, "he's got a nice cock also, god he's hard as a rock."

My mom laughed and I could hear her again talking to Bill as they continued down the hall.

Jan let out a moan and said "yeah baby stick that tongue in my pussy."

This fat woman's pussy was getting very wet and she was moaning and girding my face in it.

Sue said, "Jan, lets flip him on his back so I can fuck this cock!"

With that Jan let go of my ears and as quick as a cat Sue flipped me on my back and mounted my cock.

Jan wasted no time in planting her wet pussy right back on my face. She was facing Sue so sitting on my face was one big pussy and ass, and did I mention before it was very wet.

Now like I said earlier Sue was kinda sexy and now I was finding out that her pussy was nice and tight. As I had my tongue stuck up Jan's pussy I couldn't help but wonder how a woman in her forty's could have such a tight pussy and it was feeling really good! 

Next thing I knew the 2 other women in the room were running the hands all over the three of us, rubbing my belly, pinching my nipples. 

Oh god I was surround by big women!

My tongue must have been hitting the right spots because Jan let out a loud groan and was moaning "Oh fuck yeah, oh fuck yeah here I cum, don't stop, fuck yeah, oh fuck!"

The next thing I knew my mouth was being flooded with pussy juice. Man that woman could cum! It was coming out faster than I could swallow and soon was all over my face.

Sue had stopped fucking my cock I guess to watch Jan. 

Jan took her wet soaking pussy from my face but before I could even make a move the lady on my right planted her plump hairy pussy on my face trapping my head between two meaty thighs. Her pussy and ass were bigger than Jan's! I had to laugh at the crazy things that were crossing my mind. Bill had repeatedly mentioned to me that "No" means "No", but I wasn't being given the chance to say no!

Just then I heard my dad's voice say, "Looks like a party going on in here."

"Well come join the party Frank (my dad's name)" someone answered.

Sue was now moving back and forth faster and faster on my cock, I heard my mom say, "you go girl, ride that cowboy".

Sue let out a scream and came hard gushing all over my cock.

I heard my dad telling someone named Karen to bend over so he could fuck her. The next thing I new the big hairy pussy lady on my face was leaning forward so I guess she was Karen.

Then it happened, my dad stuck his cock in the big fat hairy pussy that was sitting on my face. What the fuck was I to do. And if that wasn't weird enough I heard my mom say, "Sue let me have a crack at that young cock."

I felt a pair of lips engulf my cock, they went up and down acouple times then stopped. I then heard my mom say, "I love a hard cock with pussy juice all over it." 

Above my head my dad's cock was going in and out of Karen, I had stopped licking when the cock appeared so Karen started lifting herself off my face. I panicked and I grabbed her legs and pulled her back down and started licking her pussy again. Oh my god, my dad's cock was rubbing against my tongue!

Every so often it would slide out of her fat hairy pussy and land in my mouth. I was really freaking out now!

From between the meaty thighs I heard my mom say "what a nice cock, a nice and hard cock, a nice and hard and young cock!"

She pumped it acouple times and then it happened, I became a motherfucker! My mom straddled my cock and lowered her pussy onto it. She let out a sigh and then started moving slowly back and forth. Mom's cunt was not as tight as Sue's but it felt good.

My dad must have been getting turned on by watching my mom fuck this young stud (me), he started pumping in and out of Karen faster and faster.

How much stranger could it get? Well lets think about it, here I was laying on my back, my mom was riding my cock, my dad was fucking a big fat hairy pussy that just happened to be positioned above my face, his cock kept slipping out and landing in my mouth, and to top it all off, it finally dawn on me that my fathers balls were slapping the top of my head!

My dad suddenly stopped pumping and tensed up, oh fucking god, NO!!! His cock plopped out of the big fat hairy pussy and landed on my mouth, I closed my lips fast!

"Fuck Karen, I almost shot my load, I don't want to cum to soon, have acouple more hours of fucking to enjoy!"

"Thank god!" was all I could think. My lord that's all I would have needed was for my dad to dump a load in the pussy I was eating out or to have him sprayed his load all over my face!

My mom now started riding my cock hard and fast. Karen who was not being fucked anymore sat up again almost smothering me. I could hear her and my mom kissing and moaning together. My mom was talking in a raspy voice, "oh yeah honey, pull my nipples, pull them hard, oh fuck baby pull them harder, twist them, oh fuck yeah!"

I take it that she was talking to Karen.

Just then she exploded, fuck she went crazy, screaming, yelling, I thought her pussy was going to take my cock off at the root. She was bucking, grinding, and cumming over and over. I couldn't take it and as hard as I tried and believe me I did try, I could not hold back and I exploded also. 

When she felt me filling her up she exploded again. This triggered Karen and again my face was being drenched with woman juice!

My mom stopped moving and I could hear her breathing hard, she finally fell off me and I heard her say, "fuck, Frank he didn't have a condom on."  

My dad replied, "I'll take care of it."

Karen started to get up, and I quickly glanced over and I saw my dad's head between my mom's legs eating her out.

Karen was trying to lift her fat legs over my head to get off me but with my parents still in the room I had to grab hold and pulled her back down and started eating that fat pussy again.

"My god you must love the taste of me big boy! Go ahead have some more, you can eat me all day long if you like honey!"

While my dad was munching on her cum filled pussy, mom rolled over on her side grabbed my cock and started licking both our juices off it. "Um quite tasty" I heard her exclaim. Soon I heard her moaning again as dad finished eating her out.

I was never so glad in my life when I heard my dad get up and say, "Come on honey lets go check some of the other rooms out."

Now how do I get this big fat wet hairy pussy off my face, I started licking like my life depended on it. Still she wasn't getting off so I reached up and grabbed hold of her big nipples that were hanging from her sagging tits and started pulling.
