 Sighing, I swipe my key-card and enter my hotel room....I finally have a weekend to rest. I just wound up a 3-day seminar, which I lead to coach women to be more assertive in business -- and in their personal lives. I immediately step out of my shoes, kicking them aside. Dump my supplies on the nearby desk, and strip as I head for the shower. Leaving a trail of clothing behind me. Hot steamy water follows the curves of my body. I can feel the tension and professional attitude wash down the drain. The force of the spray pulses on the back of my neck and my breathing slows to a relaxed rhythm. I put my hair up in a towel, but let my body drip-dry while I brush my teeth. Once dry, the lotion I treat my skin to is a vanilla scented and goes from head to toe, keeping me as smooth as possible while adding just a light scent. I am not going to spend a lot of time on m hair, quick blow-dry style keeping it loose and relaxed. It is my time and I want to be at ease, even then I step out for a bite.

My favorite lavender colored snap-front t-shirt dress is hanging in the closet. It fits just so it shows off my curves without being tight. Skimming my mid thigh. I wear nice comfortable low-heeled sandals and skip the jewelry. Simple and casual -- no bra, no panties tonight, they are constricting and I want to be very cool and comfortable. Mascara and lipstick and that is it. I am ready for a quiet dinner with just me and my notes from the conference to review.

I forego the restaurant, choosing to sit in the bar to have a light meal and drink -- or two. There is less than half a dozen people enjoying the lounges atmosphere. I opt for a corner booth which just has enough light to allow me to see my notes without straining. The waitress arrives to take my order. Vodka and cranberry juice, and just an appetizer for my meal. I slip around to the very back of the booth so the entire room is in my view....I lean back and stretch my legs out before pulling out my notes. Looking up only occasionally to watch people as they come and go.

The first taste of vodka has a bit of a bite to it, but smoothes out with each successive sip. My appetizer arrives shortly and I have succeeded in taking up most of the table with my notes, food and drink. I am pouring over my notes trying to determine where I can improve my delivery. It is an effort to reach the women who attend seminars just to have a few days off of work. Another drink arrives as my first is close to being emptied. I did not order, but the waitress explains that is it from the two gentlemen at a table not far from my booth. I thank her and acknowledge the kind gesture from the gentleman with a warm smile and nod.

I can see them out of my peripheral vision as I try to focus on my paperwork. The keep looking in my direction. I am feeling nice and warm and comfortable now from the drinks, and attention that I am receiving. They are both quite good looking, tall, black men....athletic builds which are evident beneath their dress shirts. One of them has the most beautiful sweet smile that I have ever seen. The other does not smile....he appears more intense and serious. A dangerous sensual quality about him. Although, they make no attempt to come over, they still face me, looking my way often. Curious, but flattering. I grab a stack of papers as I lean a bit to slide them into my file, which sits next to me on the seat. I think I finally understand why the long-distance attention. A few snaps have come undone on my dress and the top of my crotch must be visible to them. A straight line of view for the attentive men. Even though a slight sting of embarrassment passes through me, I am instantly aroused. My embarrassment quickly fades as my heat rises. I am putting on a show for these men, discreet and unknown, at least at first. I pretend not to notice my exposure and continue to put away a few papers.

Crossing my legs at the ankles, my knees fall apart just a little, so as not to give too much of a show, but allow a little more of a peek for my audience. Such a tease!!!! They stare intently now....I think I see a slight squirm in their chairs. They attention definitely rooted to the scene under the table. Of course my idea of no panties tonight fell right into the scenario. Good think I gave myself a nice clean shave, leaving a heart-shape tuft at the peak of my pussy. Even though I had no intention of showing myself to anyone, I always maintain my habits of being clean shaven, soft and smooth. After all, one never knows.........

I rest a hand on my thigh in an absent-minded fashion, the dress slips just a bit further off the thigh. Their heads have not turned once in the last several minutes. Ok, it is time to turn up the heat. I brush a few imaginary crumbs from my lap....my dress slips up a bit. More pussy to peek from between my thighs. Taking another drink....resting my fingers on my upper thigh. After finishing the 2nd drink, I am feeling quite nice and relaxed. I decide to put away the rest of my notes and just enjoy sitting quietly. Another drink arrives, gift from my admirers. Again I thank them, shy smile and lean back in my booth. I am quite aroused by this time in the game. My nipples are hard and show through the thin material of the dress. I slowly trail my hand lightly down my breast to my lap. I have never had such strict attention in my life. Maybe I should do this in my seminars. Spreading my knees a tiny bit further, I left my fingers rest on my clit, but do not move.

Taking a slow taste of my drink, I want to make this last a while. I let my gaze wander the room, take a slow deep breath and with a slight arching stretch of my back as my hand sips deep between my legs. Hoping my boys are hard with excitement. The drink is very good -- but will soon get better. I bring my hand out of my lap and dip it into the vodka and let some drop to my pussy, spreading it a little with my fingers before bringing them to my lips and licking them clean.

Do they look a little flushed?? Good, I hit the mark for sure. Moving my fingers slowly between my pussy lips, up and down to my pussy, quick dip inside and back out again. Another dip into my drink and back to my wet pussy. Moving so slightly back and forth over my clit. Resting my chin in my other hand, slightly closing my eyes....I gaze between my eyelids right back at my friends. The look of lust in their eyes is strong.

I decided to make way to the ladies room, not bothering to snap my dress, I walk leisurely by their table, with each step the dress slips open and closed, exposing peeks of snatch. I return in a few minutes, same show and they watch me intently, as I walk by, slowly and deliberately.

As much as I have enjoyed this game, it is getting late, and I begin to gather my belongings....hating to end this...but it was all too much fun. I slip out of the booth; the dress quickly slides up to my hips and falls closed as I stand. They have not moved an inch and stare openly at me as I leave the bar and head for the elevators. No one is in the lobby and I am not worried about my dress.....I like the exciting chance that someone may come around a corner and catch my state of attire. Pressing the button to go up.....the doors open and I step in. As I do, my friends surprise me by following right behind me into the elevator.

What Floor??? The tall sweet one asks.

Seven I answer.

Same as ours. We are neighbors.

What a coincidence, I smile.

No conversation as we ride slowly upward. All the while each of us knows what the other is feeling. The look in our ryes and secret smiles underneath the heavy sensual atmosphere. Before we reach the 4th floor, I feel fingers tickling the back of my right thigh, slipping under my dress. Sweetness' hand strokes, slowly petting my round smooth ass, each stroke brings him closer to my inner thighs. My legs relax and feel weak. The intense one steps up close to my other side; his hand boldly cups my breast....thumb on my nipple, teasing it, brushing over the fabric of my dress. Sweetness' fingertips explore the soft folds of my tender spot. The heat rises; I can smell my vanilla scent as it warms. Standing between them, Sweetness fondles my ass now, while Intense slips his hand inside my neckline....a snap come undone, exposing more breast.

The door opens to our floor. I step out, and walk to my door. Taking my belongings inside my room and return to the hall where they are waiting for me. We walk a few doors down to another room. Opening the door, they step aside to let me walk in. The room is dark with the exception of the city lights glowing through the sheers. I make straight for the windows and open the curtains to let in more city light....we have enough to see and it is not so bright as to be clinical. Perfect ambiance.

Intense takes his shirt off so quickly, I barely see the buttons come undone. He takes me by the wrist and turns me to the wall. Pressing me against it, kissing the back of my neck and grabbing my ass. Sweetness' is moving about, undressing and watching. Intense's fingers grope between my soft mounds to find his treasure....one finger shoved in very quickly. I gasp. Arching my back against him. He presses me harder into the wall thrusting his finger into me repeatedly. I spread my legs wider. Just as quickly as he began, he steps back. I hear his zipper and turn to watch as he removes the rest of his cloths. His body is amazing....a body builder physique. Sweetness rises from the bed where he was sitting and comes to me. Taking my dress in his hands he pulls sharply and the snaps fly open. He lowers his head to my breasts and kisses my hard nipples. Lovely lips encircling each, his hands hold my breasts to his face.

My pussy is throbbing and I feel hot and wet. He is naked and his hard cock gently teases my pussy. He moves his hips to softly stroke me with his cock. He drops to his knees and seeks my clit with his generous mouth. Placing and open mouth kiss on my pussy, tongue tickling and teasing the clit, then quick dips into my slit. His tongue tastes me, following the folds of my pussy and inside again. The heat increases and Intense steps up to fondle my breasts and fingers my ass again, while Sweetness sucks my pussy. Flicking his tongue across my clit then closing his lips over it to suck it into his mouth.

I have never done this before, never thought I would.....my body is their playground and nothing is off limits. Sweetness stands and presses his hard cock against my pussy. I ache for him to plunge inside, but he waits....a teasing look in his eyes glimmer. He knows what I want and prolongs it. Instead he reaches down with his hands and strokes my pussy softly. Intense is still fingering my ass, kissing my neck, biting my shoulders. He moves behind me and his hard cock slips between my cheeks, stroking it up and down, reaching from behind to play with my tits. Pinching my nipples. He takes them in his hands and raises them up in an offering to Sweetness. He accepts the offering and sucks my nipples quickly....saliva dripping down my chest. His two fingers inside my pussy, pulsing in and out slowly.

I do not know how much I can take before begging to be fucked -- and fucked hard. Sweetness pulls his fingers out and I feel him guide his cock to my pussy. Pushing inside me slowly. A few quick thrusts and he pulls out....grasping my shoulders he pushes me to my knees. Intense holds my head while I lick pussy juices from his friends cock. I suck him clean and stroke his length with my tongue, tickling his head with the tip of my tongue.

I love the feeling of a hard cock in my mouth, sliding up my tongue, dripping precum on my tongue. Intense strokes his hands though my hair. Holding my head so Sweetness can fuck my mouth. Before he can cum, he pulls away walks to the bed.

Bring her over he says.

Intense lifts me to my feet and guides me to the bed. Sweetness is lying on his back and I kneel over him and take him into my mouth again. I am on my knees on the end of the bed....Intense moves up behind me, grabbing my hips and holding me steady as he guides his cock into my pussy. No teasing with this one, he rams me hard and deep. Slapping my ass and ordering to suck my friends cock while he fucks me from behind.

Sweetness is moaning, thrusting his hips up to meet my rhythm. Intense pulls out and shoves his cock into my ass, slowly at first to test my tightness. It is tight, very tight. I relax for him and he shoves it all the way, fucking my ass swift and hard. Do you like my cock in your ass, slut? He growls, gripping my hips harder and pulling me into him. His hard wet black cock stretching my tight pink hole.

I feel his huge balls slap at my pussy. Sweetness grows impossibly hard in my mouth and I know he is about to cum. Suck it baby, suck it, he moans. I suck quicker, stroking with my tongue up the underside of his length until I feel his hot jizz blast into my mouth. Swallow it all in, and I do drinking it all down. Intense blows his load shortly after and I feel his slippery cum slide down my ass and onto the backs of my thighs. I have been feeling from both ends and have more to expect. Intense pulls his cock from my ass and walks to the bathroom where I hear him washing.

Sweetness rolls me onto my back at the end of the bed and takes his place between my legs....his mouth seeking my pussy. He is sucking my clit and finger fucking my pussy at the same time, driving me to the edge of ecstasy. I feel my orgasm coming on like a slow hot wave. Sweetness is fucking me with three fingers and eating my pussy like a sweet dessert. I grab my knees to pull them wider apart. His tongue slides over my clit quick as the electricity of a spiraling orgasm his me hard. I can barely control a soft scream as he keeps up the licking and sucking, driving me over the edge again and again. I think I have lost my mind and soul. He stands, leaving me laying, legs splayed, quivering with post-orgasmic throbs. 

After several minutes, we are all stretched out on the bed, touching and kissing. I want to be double-fucked, I say. They look at each other and grin. Intense gets off the bed and grabs my wrists, pulling me off the bed as well. His back to the wall, he pulls me against him and without wasting anytime, crams his cock up and into my pussy. Sweetness steps up behind, licking his fingers, he wets my ass to slip into me easier. He takes it slow, pushes in steadily and reaching a rhythm to match Intenses' own. Soft, pink pussy being plundered by high black cock, my tight ass being filled with another. A dream come true and I did not know I had it in me. I feel so completely filled it is unbelievable. I cum fast and hard and soon after Intense shoots his jizz into my pussy, my orgasm stays and I go over two more times....Sweetness cums at nearly the same time. I am so wet and hot, I do not want to stop. 

We are exhausted and fall back to the bed. Sleep overtakes us and the sunrise finds that we have not moved from the positions we collapsed into.

I get up; collect my clothing, slipping them on quietly. Leaving the room, I sigh. Did it really happen??? I walk to my room and after a shower, pack my things and leave. And I thought this was going to be just another boring weekend.