 Ally lay on the dorm bed, drifting blissfully in half sleep. Her body ached with a pleasant soreness that called to mind the past days. A serene smile bloomed on her face and she felt like laughing.

What had started as a simple Friday night date had turned into the most debauched weekend of her life. After spending the whole of Saturday in her date's dorm room fucking and sucking him and his roommate, to say nothing of eating out the pizza delivery girl, she had finally made a naked dash for the showers of the men's-only dorm floor. That hadn't quite worked as planned. Instead of cleaning up, she had gotten considerably messier after sucking off probably every guy on the floor. 

After finally washing the cum of something like nine guys off her already well-fucked body, Ally had wrapped herself in a towel and sauntered out into the dorm floor's common area. Sure enough, several of the guys were still hanging around, watching TV. Her arrival, barely covered in a thin towel, had been met with cheers and wolf whistles just as she had hoped. 

She'd curled up on a couch next to Tom, a junior who had the distinction of being the most chivalrous gentleman she's ever met during group sex. Not that Ally had a lot of experience with getting gang-banged. Really, there had only been the one other time at that party. Well, two times if you counted the business in the bathroom afterward as a separate event. 

Still, Tom had been nice, had gotten her some soap, shampoo and the towel she was wearing and had made sure the other guys left her alone while she cleaned up. He'd even smiled a little shyly at her, while looking at her eyes at least more often than he tried to catch a peek under the towel. Really, Ally remembered thinking, they'd all seen her naked, had their dicks in her mouth and covered her in semen not more than twenty minutes before, but they still tried to peek at her tits.

The conversation had inevitably turned to the subject of sex, and ultimately to who was going to get to fuck Ally first, in which order and where.

....

"I think that really is for me to decide," Ally declared, then smiled at Tom. "What do you think."

"It is absolutely your decision," Tom had replied, to which Ally laughed.

"No, dummy," she threw back at him. "Do you want to..." 

Suddenly, Ally felt absurdly shy. While the other guys either cheered Tom on or booed being passed over, Ally looked nervously at her gallant gentleman. The ridiculousness of being nervous about propositioning a guy after gang blowing him and all his dorm mates oddly didn't help. Ally realized she was blushing.

Tom smiled, and through her nervousness she failed to notice his. 

"I think," he said carefully, "that you gave so much pleasure, it's time you got some for yourself, and I would love to return that favor for you."

"Mmm," Ally sighed. "I like the sound of that."

"Shall we got to my room?" Tom asked, rising and holding out his hand to help her up.

"Dude," one of the other guys broke in. "We want some too."

"At least let us see the show," another laughed.

Ally felt a wicked smile spread once more across her face. Through the whole weekend, she had been imagining what her Women's Studies group would think of her antics. In her imagination, the most rigid had long since given up on her and stormed off. Others she imagined watching her with mingled horror and lust. Right now, she imagined the most daring to be cheering her on. 

The simple truth was, crazy as this weekend had been, Ally was having too much fun to be quite ready to be done. Still she gave Tom a questioning look, trying to ask without words what he thought. He looked down at her, and shrugged slightly. 

"What does the lady want?" Tom asked with a small grin.

"The lady thinks you're not the only one who needs to be returning some favors," Ally said in her best sultry voice, looking past him at the other guys. Then she added, softly to just Tom, "but you're first."

Tom smiled, nodding slowly. His eyes searched hungrily over her body, then he knelt down in front of her. While the other guys hooted and cheered, he reached out and slowly unwrapped the towel, revealing Ally's full, naked breasts, fair skin and bare pussy to his gaze. Ally flushed under the intensity of his stare. 

Tom reached out, his fingers brushing along her arms, and she shivered. He lowered his head. His lips brushed against her collar-bone, then slowly trailed kisses down her chest. The other guys shouted cat-calls and urged Tom to get down to business, but he ignored them. His teasing kisses continues to trail down between her breast and across her belly. Ally moaned and sighed as his lips burned over her skin, down her belly and then back up again. Finally, he brushed a kiss across her nipple and she jumped at the shock of it. His warm mouth encircled her breast, and she moaned.

Slowly, Tom kissed his way across to her other breast, then back down her belly. This time he didn't stop, but continued downward, kissing across her hips and over her thighs. Ally spread her legs, feeling the heat of him against her wet folds long before his mouth finally moved close. 

Even as Tom teased her with kisses up her thighs, she felt new kisses across her shoulder and collar bone. One of the other guys trailed soft kisses down her chest. A different set of hands yet caressed her other arm, her side and finally brushed her breast. She moaned, closing her eyes and reveling in the sensations.

Tom's kisses drew closer and closer, until finally his tongue teased open her wet folds. Ally cried out raggedly, arching her back to thrust her hips against his teasing face. With a chuckle she felt more than heard, Tom's teasing suddenly became passionate licking and sucking. Two other mouths started sucking on her breasts while hands stoked her arms, her legs and her hair. 

Ally lost herself to the sensations. Hands and fingers, lips and tongues, teasing and caressing, licking and sucking at the most sensitive places. She floated in a haze of pleasure. At some point, her own fingers wrapped themselves around hard, naked shafts of flesh, and even that was only another pleasurable sensation among many. Moans, gasps and wild cries escaped her lips. Her hips bucked and her back arched, pressing her body against the many men pleasing her, urging them on. 

She felt the hard, wet tip of a dick press against her lips. Smiling, she looked up and recognized Paul, the guy who she had actually come here with (and cum with several times) originally. He grinned down at her as he pushed his shaft against her face. A particularly wonderful feeling sparked by Tom's pleasing tongue caused her to moan, and Paul's tip slipped between her parted lips. Ally sighed against it and sucked, her moans now muffled. 

Hands and lips and tongues and cocks all worked together to drive her mad with sensations. The pleasuring coiled and grew within her until it finally burst out. Her body spasmed as the most intense orgasm she had ever felt obliterated thought and feeling in an overwhelming surge. 

Paul's dick dropped from her lips as she cried out, and hands fell away. The mouths on her breasts and, more importantly, Tom's mouth on her pussy refused to release however. Even as the spasms of her orgasm faded, another built to replace it, causing her to shake and quiver with renewed pleasure. 

"Stop," Ally gasped. "Stop. Oh God, fuck me. Tom, fuck me now. I want you inside me."

Tom rocked back on his hips, smiling up at her.

"You like?" he asked with a teasing grin, wiping her juices from his face.

"You bastard," Ally laughed. "You're wonderful but if you don't fuck me right now, I'll get someone else to do it." 

Several of the other guys quickly volunteered, even as Tom, smiling, opened his jeans.

Ally sighed and lay back on the couch as Tom moved over her. She gasped as his long, narrow shaft slipped easily into her well-lubricated pussy. Slowly at first, he started to move in her. Ally moaned as his hard dick filled her, sliding deep and touching her in just the right places inside with every thrust. Ally closed her eyes and arched her back, thrusting up to meet him. She reveled in the feeling of Tom's dick inside her, the weight of him poised over her as he thrust. 

The other guys in the room cheered and urged Tom on. Ally heard them calling her a slut and telling him to fuck her hard, to pound her pussy, to use her. Opening her eyes, she looked up at the man on top of her and was surprised to see him smiling down at her. Tom seemed oblivious to the jeers and cat calls of his dorm mates. His eyes were fixed on her face, watching her reactions as he thrust into her. Ally closed her eyes again and moaned.

Pleasure grew and crested in her. Ally felt Tom's thrusts growing faster, more urgent. His breath become ragged as he drove into her, thrusting deep inside.

"Ally, I'm going to cum," he moaned, slowing and starting to pull back, to withdraw.

"Don't go," Ally wrapped her legs around his, panting. "It's ok. You can... cum inside me. I want you to. I want... to feel you cum."

Tom's only response was a wild groan. He thrust hard into her once, twice and three times more, then stiffened. Ally felt him surge deep inside, the rush of his semen flooding her well-fucked pussy. Ally moaned in joy. 

"Thank you," Tom whispered, smiling down at her.

"You were wonderful," Ally grinned up at him. 

Shuddering, Tom withdrew. Ally gasped as his shaft slipped from her body. 

Someone slapped Tom on the back, and Ally became aware of the cheering crowd of guys again. Ally smiled and laughed at her audience. 

"Can I be next?" Tom's friend Dick asked, grinning.

Ally looked around the room at the guys. She saw Paul, her original date, smirking at her. Chuck, Paul's roommate, grinning and cheered with the others. Tom was smiling at her and shrugged. The other guys, guys who she'd sucked off in the bathroom but whose names she still didn't know, hooted and leered.

Ally considered, then laughed. 

"Sure," she said to Dick then, laughing, added to the crowd, "Hot naked chick getting fucked on the couch, step on up."

......

Ally's recollection of events got a little fuzzy after that. She'd ended up on her knees, with Dick thrusting into her from behind, leaning over the back of the couch with Paul's cock in her mouth. Dick had finished, coming inside her only to be replaced by one of the other guys. Paul had stepped aside to be replaced by someone else. A parade of different cocks had offered themselves, entering her mouth or pussy. Semen flooded into her pussy, or was sprayed over her back and ass. Guys came in her mouth, or on her face. 

At some point, someone ordered pizzas. Ally was only disappointed that the same delivery girl didn't come back. It was a guy this time. She thought the pizza guy fucked her before he left, but she wasn't actually certain since she'd had a dick in her face the whole time. 

Eventually, she'd had to call an end to the debauchery. Her knees and jaw ached, her pussy was sore and she was starting to feel a little dizzy and nauseous. 

She remembered standing, naked and covered in cum, finally eating cold pizza and drinking soda (the taste of which did not mingle well with the taste of cum in her mouth), before staggering off for a quick shower and collapsing messily into a bed. 

But which bed?

Looking around the darkened room, she realized that one dorm room looked pretty much like another. The same standard furniture, embellished by posters, books, computers, a mini-fridge and disorderly piles of laundry, pizza boxes and aluminum cans. She was pretty certain, however, that this wasn't Paul's room. 

She was also aware that she wasn't alone in the bed. A warm, heavy shape lay curled behind her, not quite touching. Edging herself back slightly, she leaned into her bed-mate. Definitely male. Ally grinned. Very firmly male, in fact. 

Sadly, she realized, this did not narrow the field considerably. With a rush of conflicting emotions, horror and amusement paramount among them, she realized she had literally no idea how many guys she had fucked in the last several hours, much less any notion of all their names.

An arm slipped around her, pulling her closer while the hand invariably cupped her breast. Ally gave an involuntary gasp as the firm palm brushed against her sore nipple. 

"Hi," a groggy male voice said.

"Hi," Ally responded timidly, trying to glance over her shoulder. 

"Oh, sorry," the hand released her breast and the hard shaft scooted away.

"Tom?" Ally queried hopefully. He was the only guy from last night she would expect to act so chivalrously.

"Yeah?" he replied. 

"Oh good," Ally sighed.

"Huh?" Tom said. He clearly hadn't been quite awake enough to recognize what she had said as a question rather than a lead in to conversation.

"This is your room?" Ally asked, rolling enough to look over at him. She was surprised to notice the odd smile spreading unconsciously across her face.

"Yeah," he said, sitting up a little. "Sorry, we had to share. You needed a place to crash, and I figured the other guys wouldn't bother you in here if I was here too."

"Oh God," Ally groaned, turning away and burying her face in his pillow. "You must think I'm a total whore."

"Huh? What?" Tom replied, shaken.

"All those guys! God, I'm a such a slut," Ally moaned into the pillow. "You must hate me."

"I... no," Tom stammered, clearly taken aback. "I take it this wasn't the way you usually spend your Saturday nights?"

"What?!?" Ally started up, glaring at him. "No! I... Oh God." 

She buried her face in the pillow again.

"OK," Tom said, taking a deep breath. "Ally, are you alright?"

"I'm a slut," she muttered into the pillow.

"I mean...," Tom groped around for words. "I mean, did you want to... to do all that? We didn't..."

"No, you didn't rape me," Ally replied firmly. "I did that because I wanted to. I wasn't drunk or drugged or coerced or anything. I fucked an entire dorm of guys of my own free will. I'm a total slut."

"Ok," Tom sighed with obvious relief.

Ally elbowed him in the gut as hard as she could.

"Hey," Tom gasped. "Ally... OK, morning after regrets. I get it. You wanted it then but now you wish you hadn't done it."

"Yes... no... I don't know," Ally sighed. "I mean, it was crazy and it was fun. Oh God, it was so much fun... but what you must think of me."

Tom was quiet for a long time. Ally groaned and buried her face deeper in the pillow.

"I really can't think of any answer that won't get me in trouble," Tom said finally.

"You think I'm a slut," Ally muttered.

"Ally," Tom said finally. "I want to take you out to breakfast and get know you."

"What?" Ally lifted her head a little.

"I don't know anything about you," Tom said. "but I want to. Not because you're an incredibly beautiful, hot, sexy, crazy and amazing woman... well, not just because of that. I think, somewhere in that whole insane, wild night, I got the idea that you might be a really interesting person who I would like to know better. 

"I mean," he laughed, "maybe we've got nothing in common and this is just my dick trying to trick my brain into not letting a hot piece of ass out of reach... but my brain thinks you're more than just a hot piece of ass and would like to find out. 

"So no," Tom said at last. "I don't think you're a slut."

"You're asking me out?" Ally asked, shocked.

"Yeah," Tom laughed. "Yeah, I am asking you out... for breakfast."

"OK," Ally smiled.

"Now?" Tom asked.

"No," Ally replied, cuddling closer to him. "I'm not ready to get up yet."

"OK," Tom wrapped his arm around her again. He was carefully not putting his hand on her breast this time, she noticed.

She grinned and pressed back against him, feeling his hardness. She wiggled her but against his shaft.

"Looks like you're already up," she laughed.

"It always does that in the morning," Tom muttered. "Sorry."

"After last night, I'm pretty sore," Ally said softly.

"It's ok, you don't have to..." Tom said quickly.

"I want to," Ally replied. Her hand slipped behind her, pulling his length from his boxers. "Just be gentle."

Tom groaned as she pulled him against her. His hard tip pressed between her legs. His hand shifted to squeeze her breast. Ally gasped again as he brushed he sore nipple. Tom froze.

"It's ok," she whispered. "Please, it's ok."

She rocked back against him, feeling her sore folds brush along his tip. She winced quietly, slowly moving against him. He groaned and rocked back against her. His tip pushed into her and she turned her gasp into a moan. 

"Gently," she sighed as he started to move inside her. 

His long, narrow shaft moved slowly, thrusting gently into her body. She sighed and moaned as she felt him moving in her, filling her up. 

As his hands caressed her and his shaft thrust into her, Ally felt her aches and soreness blending almost seamlessly with the pleasure of his touch. Everything blurred into a single, warm glow of feeling that filled her up. She sighed, leaning back against him, pressing her body against his. 

Tom's thrusts quickened. Ally moaned, pushing back against him.

"Ally," Tom gasped.

"Yes," Ally sighed. "Cum for me, Tom."

He gave a final thrust and surged inside her.

When he finished, Ally lay back against him, feeling content.

"Wow," Tom sighed.

"Yeah," Ally agreed.

Slowly, he grew soft and slipped from her body.

"I guess we should get up," Tom said at last.

"Yes," Ally agreed. "You owe me breakfast."

"Yeah," Tom said.

Then he added, "Of course, we need to find your clothes first."

Ally laughed.