 He could see the ocean from up here, and the view was spectacular. He could feel the stress of the past few months beginning to leave his shoulders. This place always did that to him, it was that relaxing. And it seemed that no one else ever came here. It was so remote that every time he was here no one else was around. 

Dylan was high up on a hill over looking the Pacific Ocean about 5 miles north of Salmon Creek just off the PCH. He was about 45 minutes from his vacation home on the Russian River just outside of Duncan Mill. Somehow he had found this park while driving around exploring the area surrounding his new vacation home. You had to drive up a dirt road for a mile, cut back on another road and drive up a very steep hill to get here. No one but locals and very ambitious road jockeys would ever even know this park was here. If you didn't see the very small road sign, or knew just where it was, you would never find it. 

Dylan was sitting on the ground under a huge Live Oak eating a sandwich he had picked up in Salmon Creek, and drinking a cold Corona. He didn't usually drink and drive, but he was so close to home that he decided what the hell. He had been feeling so expansive that he had bought a whole case in Salmon Creek. Yeah, yesterday had been some kinda magic day. Nothing had ever happened to Dylan like that before.

The day had started in LA as he began his vacation. He had planned to drop by Cat's place and see if she was there for a quick fuck, but it had turned into some kind of sexual marathon as he had taken her to six orgasms before cumming in her ass. Then when he stopped in Ojai for a quick bite to eat, he ended up screwing some girl in the back of a book store making her cum three times before shooting cum all over her face. And if that wasn't enough, last night he ended up fucking a cop's wife in a hot tub three times including once in her gorgeous ass. Yeah, it had been a different kind of day. And his dick was raw enough to prove it. 

Dylan was a stud, no doubt about it. He had his pick of women. He was 6'2" and 210 lbs., with dark hair and piercing blue eyes. He was in great shape with a well defined chest, 6 pack abs and cut arms. But never had he fucked three different women in three separate locations on the same day. That was a new one.

As he continued to day dream about the women of yesterday and look at the ocean, he suddenly noticed some movement off to his right. Dylan turned his head to see to two young girls walk into the park from the road. They both seemed to be in their early 20's and were dressed in cut-off jeans shorts, hiking boots and loose tops with bare mid-riffs. They had heavy back packs on and looked like they had been walking for a long time. They found a spot on the other side of the park under a large oak tree and put their packs down. As Dylan continued to eat his sandwich and drink his beer, he watched as the girls began to set up a rest area for themselves. They spread blankets out under the tree and took what looked like food out of their packs and started to eat. They hadn't even seemed to notice Dylan or his big pickup truck. They appeared to be setting up camp for the day and were resting before the full heat of late afternoon hit. 

As Dylan finished his meal, he considered the two young girls. They looked pretty good from here. Then, he shook his head in wonder at himself. His dick was about to fall off from overuse and here he was thinking about trying to pick up two strange girls in a park. "What am I a machine?" he asks himself. But the thought of fucking two girls in a park got the better of him, so he grabbed his case of Corona in one hand and started to walk toward the girls. After all, they can always say no. 

As Dylan crossed the park toward the girls, he noticed that they maybe even younger then he thought. Like 19 to 20 each. One had olive skin, dark hair and a slim build, while the other had light brown hair and fair skin and was more developed. Both were very pretty looking, and didn't even seemed to be concerned about a strange man approaching them. They were both stretched out on a large blanket relaxing as Dylan walked up to them. The one with olive skin was lying back with her eyes closed and the one with light brown hair looked up as he approached. 

"Hi." She greeted him with a direct stare and a smile. Her eyes were a sparkling green. 

"Hey. How are you? I'm Dylan"

"I'm Jenna, "she said. "And this is Linda," nodding at the olive skinned girl. 

Linda opened her eyes and looked at Dylan. Cautiously she said, "Hi." Her eyes were dark and clouded. 

"I saw the two of you walk into the park. It is a hot one today and I thought you might like a beer to cool off." 

At the offer, Jenna sat up. "That would be great. Thanks."

Linda gave him a very casual, "That's cool," as she rose up on her elbows. 

Dylan sat down and reached into the case pulling out two Coronas. He opened both bottles and handed them to the girls. They began to drink the cold beer in earnest. Both girls were much tanned from being in the sun, and from the way their tits moved inside their loose shirts, he was sure that they had no bras on. 

"Great place, huh? It is really peacefully here." Dylan remarked. 

"Yeah, it's real pretty here up," Jenna agreed. "It's a great spot. We saw the sign down on the road about it and thought it would be a great place to hang. We just didn't know it was so far in. Quite a walk." 

"So where are you two leaded?"

"We are hitching down to LA to see Green Day at the Staple Center." Jenna was the only one talking. 

Dylan was impressed "Really? That's pretty brave."

"Well, you only find danger if you expect it." And then she smiled at Dylan, "If you only look for good things, they always come to you as well."

Dylan was struck by how self possessed and confident Jenna was. She looked you right in the eye and held your graze when you talked to her. Linda seemed more cautious. He felt her staring at him. She seemed to be really checking him out as if she was very suspicious of him. He looked over at her and gave her a smile. She gave him a very faint one in return. 

"Hey! Are you a cop?" Linda blurted out.

Dylan surprised at her question laughed to himself, "No, I'm not." 

"What do you do?" Jenna inquired.

"I'm a stuntman."

"Nah, come on. That's bullshit." Linda rebuked. 

"No for real. I work in the movies as a stunt man."

Linda studied him intently for a moment then, "That is very cool! Wanna get high?"

"Sure, love too." Dylan was amused by how fast her mood changed.

Linda reached into her back pack and pulled out two thin joints. She handed one joint to Jenna. Taking a lighter from the pack, she lit her joint and took a long drag. She handed the lighter to Jenna, who fired hers up as well. After taking a long hit, Jenna asked in a gravely voice, "Have you worked with a lot of famous people?"

"Well, let's see. I have been knocked off a 5 story building by Bruce Willis, run over by Arnold, and set on fire by Mel Gibson. So I have met a few. 

Linda, as she passed the joint to Dylan, "Wow that is so cool."

"What are you doing up here?" Jenna asked as she took another hit off her joint. 

"I have a place up here on the Russian River. I came up there for a little R & R."

Dylan took a long hit of the joint and slowly released the smoke from his lungs. The conversation between the new friends stopped for awhile as the serious business of smoking and passing continued. Finally, both joints were done and everyone had kind of glazed looks in their eyes. Dylan reached into the case and pulled out three beers. He opened them and handed two to the girls. Linda seemed to have become much more animated now that she was stoned. 

"That is so cool. To have like a vacation home," she sighed. 

Dylan was definitely feeling the effects of the pot. It was pretty potent stuff. He took swig off his beer and leaned back on his elbows stretching out his long legs. Jenna had also lain back on the blanket next to him.

"So what do you to do? Just hitch up and down the coast all the time?" he asked them. 

"No, we came out on summer break. I am from Philly and Jenna is from Jersey, and I have an Uncle who lives in San Francisco. We stay with him sometimes and hit the road the other times."

"We have made it as far up as Seattle and now down to LA. It has been real nice, and no one has bothered us unless we want them too." Jenna chimed in. 

Dylan noticed that when Jenna had leaned back one of her nice sized breasts had slipped out through the arm of her top exposing most of her tit and her pert little brown nipple. He felt a stirring in his loins and knew this was the moment. He leaned over very close to Jenna. "So you two are free spirits."

"Why do you say that?"

"Because you let me do this." Dylan dropped his mouth down over Jenna's ample breast and sucked her nipple into his mouth. He ran his tongue over it several times tasting the salt from her sweat. The little nub almost immediately began to rise as he licked it. His dick lurched in his jeans and began to grow. 

"I guess we are," Jenna sighed as she cupped his head to her tit. 

"COOL! Are we going to fuck right here in the park?" Linda exclaimed. 

"Why not?" Dylan managed to mumble from around Jenna's breast. 

With that Linda pulled her top over her head revealing her small but pert little tits and very flat stomach. Dylan watched as she pulled off her boots, stood up and undid the button on her shorts. Then she hooked her fingers in the side of her shorts and pulled both her shorts and panties down her legs, and stepped out of them. The whole thing had taken her about 20 seconds. Her pussy was covered with a fine layer of curly dark hair. And from where he lay, Dylan could clearly see lips of her pussy were already moist with anticipation. And he felt his dick jerk again in his pants. Suddenly his jeans were very tight in the crotch. 

Dylan looked Jenna in the eye as he dropped his mouth back down on her nipple and once again sucked it into his mouth. He ran his hand up her leg to her crotch and began to undo the buttons on her shorts and pull her zipper down. 

Meanwhile, Linda had started pulling Dylan's boots off and tossing them aside. Then she grabbed him by the shoulder and forced him to turn over, pulling his mouth off Jenna's tit. 

"Now big boy lets get those jeans off now." She reached down and undid his jeans and lowered his zipper. She anxiously began to yang his jeans down one side at a time trying to get them past his tight ass cheeks. With one final big tug, she pulled the jeans down to mid-thigh and all 9 inches of his manhood sprang into the sunlight at full attention.

"Holy Christ! He is bigger then Bobby," Linda said unbelievingly. She redoubled her efforts to get his jeans off. As she pulled at them, Dylan slipped his shirt off over his head. He now lay there in all his glory with his massive dick waving in the breeze. Linda and Jenna just stared at his giant mushroom headed prick in awe.

Then with a cry of sheer lust, Linda dropped to her knees between his open thighs and grabbed his giant dick and stuffed it into her mouth. She began bobbing her head up and down his great length trying to get as much of him down her throat as she could. What she lacked in skill she totally made up in enthusiasm. She put the tip of her finger against the tight ring of his asshole and slowly began to rotate it inside him. The effect was devastating on Dylan. He groaned from the sudden intrusion and arched his back off the blanket sending all nine thick inches of muscled cock deep down her throat. She started to gag but she would not release his prick. He grabbed the back of Linda's head and bucked his ass driving his full length down her throat again. The combination of her tight throat wrapped around his driving tool and the pot had him flying. He looked over at Jenna. She had her hand down the front of her pants rubbing her clit as she watched him drive his prick deep into Linda's mouth with each stroke. She felt him looking at her and she smiled back at him. 

Linda pulled her mouth off his plunging member, and quickly crawled up his powerful thighs. She positioned her legs on either side of his hips and placed the giant head at the opening of her very wet pussy. She hesitated for just a moment. Then she dropped her whole weight onto his dick and impaled herself driving the full length up into her over stuffed pussy. 

"Oh, Jenna... this dick is... heaven... oh Christ... he is huge!!!!!!."

Linda leaned down to kiss him passionately. She drove her tongue deep into his mouth as she continued to work her tight pussy up and down on his powerful dick. Dylan kissed her back. Their tongues dancing and dueling with each other as their passion built. He put his hands on Linda's narrow hips and helped lift her up and drive her back down onto his throbbing cock. Her pussy was so tight and hot that he was struggling not to unload all his cum in her. She was taking about two-thirds of his surging prick into her cunt as she rode up and down on his tool, moaning to herself. Dylan wanted to be in her to the hairs so he began to raise his muscled ass driving his meat deeper into Linda's molten cunt. Surprised by power of his thrusts, she gasped. Her hands flew to her nipples as she began to pull and twist them savagely, moaning even louder. As she pulled on her tits, Dylan felt the first tremors in her pussy. He slipped a finger around to her anus and just when she was driving her pussy down onto his thrusting cock, he pushed his finger into her asshole up to the second knuckle. Linda exploded screaming at the top of her lungs as she kept riding him, slamming her pussy back on his towering prick. 

"Oh god... fuck me... ooohhhh... YES...GOD... FFFUUUCCCCKKKK MMMMMMEEEEEE!!!! ...AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!"

Dylan continued to worm his finger into her asshole causing her to moan and push back against his finger. Linda was shaking out of control as she continued to spear herself repeatedly on Dylan's giant cock. Her pussy was dripping like a leaky faucet, and he could feel her juices running down over his heavy balls. He pressed a second finger into her asshole and rotated it in with the first one. She exploded with a second and more powerful orgasm. She was screaming and gasping as she continued to pound her pussy against his massive prick. Juices poured out from her gushing cunt covering his cock and balls. Finally, she collapsed onto his chest completely worn out. He closed his eyes for a moment enjoying the feeling.

"Very impressive, Mr. Stuntman." Jenna's voice whispered in his ear. He looked over at her. She was continuing to stroke her clit as she watched him. 

"You haven't seen anything yet," he teased. "Do you want any of this?"

'No I'll just watch for a little while more." 

Dylan held Linda very tight to him and gently rolled her over on her back keeping his large prick buried in her cunt. He had still not cum. The effect of the pot was putting off his orgasm and he wasn't even close to cumming. He began to slowly thrust in and out of Linda's battered cunt. She groaned. Her eyes were still closed as he worked about half his length into her pussy. Almost without thought, she spread her legs wider giving him greater access and locked her legs behind his powerful ass. He continued to slowly thrust into her juicy pussy slowly rebuilding the fire inside her. He gripped the cheeks of her tight ass moving her to change the angle so he could get deeper into her cunt with each thrust. And slowly he increased the pace of his strokes and she responded by throwing her ass up to meet each thrust. Linda began to moan and cry from the pleasure that Dylan's thrusting manhood was giving her. He was now driving in about seven inches every time he thrust and then he would ground his pelvic bone against her clit giving her double stimulation. 

OH GOD YOU ARE A GOOD FUCK!!!!! GOD DAMN!!!!! Linda panted in his ear. 

That just made Dylan harder and he picked up the pace again. He pulled her legs up and pinned them up over his shoulders and began to hammer her pussy. Her cunt was now completely open to him and he brutally assaulted it. He repeatedly pulled his great cock out until only the head was in her, then slammed down driving his full length into her steaming hole. 

"Oh god...aaaaahhhhh... uuunnnggghhh... aaahhhhhhh... oooohhhhh."

Linda was trying desparately to match his thrusts but she was too exhausted and he was too powerful. She grabbed her nipples and began to pinch them as hard as she could. She was starting to tremble and she was very near to a huge orgasm. He continued to pull out and slammed back into her fuck hole. She was shaking from the intensity of his pounding, but he just keeping driving into her pussy. 

"Oh god. Shove your big cock in me. Yes... fuck me... harder. Make me cum... aaaahhhhh." 

Dylan felt the tingling in his balls and he knew that he was close. He had wanted to try and save himself for Jenna, but Linda's pussy was just too hot. His balls were churning. He shifted his weight once more pushing her knees up by her ears. He drilled her helpless cunt with hard and fast strokes that bottomed out each time. She started screaming again as he drove her over the edge. 

"Oh god, I'm cumming. Yes... Fuck.. Here it comes... OH SHIT!!!!!!! AAAAAAHHHHH. OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH. UUUUUUUNNNNNNNGGGHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!"

That did it for Dylan. He blasted a huge rope of cum deep into her pussy. The intensity of her orgasm was too much for Linda and she passed out. Dylan continued to thrust into her gaping pussy filling her up with his cum until the last little spurt. Then he collapsed on top of her completely drained. 

********************************************************* 

"Wake up, Mr. Sleepy Head. Time to play," a voice whispered in his ear. Then two soft lips gently pressed themselves to his lips, and a tongue pushed itself deep inside his mouth. He kept his eyes closed and for a second he did not know where he was. Then, he began to return the unknown kiss in earnest, his tongue dancing with the other. He brought his arms up to encircle a slim but naked body and pulled it to him. The stranger moaned as his strong hands found their way to a small rounded ass and squeezed it tight against his thigh. The passionate kiss lasted for several moments, then the stranger pushed against him and he released his hold. 

His eyes fluttered open and he found himself looking into the beautiful green eyes of Jenna. She was kneeling beside him. Her light brown hair pushed behind her ears. Her beautiful ample breasts with their pointed brown nipples were dangling very close to his face. He could see various tan lines on her fair skin from all her time in the sun. His eyes followed her form down across her taut stomach to her little pouting pussy that winked at him from her slightly parted thighs. He could see that it was covered by a light fuzz of wispy brown hair. 

"That was quite a show you put on. Linda is still passed out. You fucked the shit of her."

Dylan rose up on his elbows and looked over at Linda. Somehow he had rolled off her in his sleep. Linda was flat on her back breathing softly through her mouth. Her legs were spread wide and he could see his cum slowly leaking from her pussy and dripping down her ass. 

Jenna softly gripped his deflated penis in her small hand and gave it a gently pull. "Is there anything left in this little beauty?"

"Only one way to find out."

Jenna smiled at him, then leaned over him and took his entire penis into her mouth. She slowly began to wash the entire length with her tongue, while massaging his large balls. He felt a definite stirring in his groin. His penis began to slowly grow in her mouth. 
