 We had been friends with Jack for years when the incident occurred. It wasn't something any of us had ever planned or anticipated, but sometimes that is how life's most memorable experiences happen.

There was nothing wrong with my relationship with Liz, per se. The sex was as amazing as always, and she was my best friend, my partner in every way. The problem was with me; the last couple of years had taken a toll on me, physically, and I was having difficulties for the first time in the feeling desirable-arena. I knew Liz desired me, but it didn't have the same erotic effect of me feeling like a powerful, sexual creature, the way I had when I was younger. 

The night the idea was proposed began as an ordinary Friday night. A bunch of us had planned to meet for drinks at our local watering hole, but due to childcare snafus and other unforeseen circumstances, only Jack was able to join us. We had a few rounds under our belts, and decided to nip outside for a cigarette (none of us smoked regularly, but we had an unspoken agreement that whenever we went out drinking, we would share a pack between us). We were heading towards the outdoor patio area, arms linked to keep us from being separated in the crowded bar, when a guy approached us. 

"Man, you are the luckiest son of a bitch." This comment was directed at Jack. "I would love to know your secret". And with that, the stranger held the door open for the three of us, bowing us out of the bar as though we were royalty. 

Jack blushed a little, because that's what nice guys do, but Liz and I thought it was hilarious. Liz ran her hand up Jack's chest, teasingly. "That guy thought you were such a pimp," she said laughingly. Jack blushed even deeper and caught Liz's hand. "That guy was hammered," he muttered, "He didn't know what the hell he was talking about." I lit a cigarette and handed it to him, to calm him down. 

"C'mon, Jack, what's the big damn deal anyway?" I soothed him. "So what if some random guy thinks you're hooking up with two cute lesbians...isn't that every man's fantasy?"

As Jack smoked his cigarette and considered what I had said, he visibly relaxed. "True," he said with a little smile, "although, and I can't speak for every man, but personally I would be happy just to get to watch." As soon as the words were out of his mouth, a look of horror crossed Jack's face, as he realized it sounded as though he were talking about us specifically. But my eyes had met Liz's, and I could tell we were both thinking the same thing. 

Liz and I had been talking for some time about the possibility of letting a straight man watch us fuck. No plans had been made or anything, but we had sort of batted around the idea, to test our levels of comfort and establish the boundaries of what we each might be willing to do, but until this moment, I don't think either of us had truly considered these discussions as anything other than hypothetical. 

But now, watching her eyes darken with excitement, I knew this was something Liz wanted to do. The thing is, Liz was actually bisexual, and while she was certainly beyond satisfied with our sex life, there were certain things she occasionally missed that I just could not provide for her-specifically, she missed having a guy come all over her tits. I could fuck her with a strap-on, or do any number of other things to pleasure her, but that was one thing I simply couldn't offer. We had agreed that we could both live with a guy that we liked and trusted offering that service, but I don't think either of us had ever thought of Jack for the job. But now that we were silently considering it, it seemed like a good fit. I gave a small nod of consent to Liz, who smiled and bit her lower lip. Jack was completely unaware of the silent exchange that had passed between us, and so was completely clueless when Liz snaked her arm around his waist and asked him, point-blank, "Would you like to watch us, Jack?"

For a moment he just looked from one of us to the other, trying to establish whether this was a cruel joke. Once he realized that the invitation was genuine, things started to move quickly: a quick round of shots to boost everyone's courage as we settled up the tab (Jack actually picked up the tab for all three of us), then wedging ourselves in the back of a taxi and trying to act normal for the 8-minute ride to our place. It seemed like no time at all before we were standing in our living room. I was trying to pick out suitable music for the situation, Liz was standing behind me, running her hands from the top of my ribcage down to my hips, then back again. Jack was leaning against the wall, looking as though he didn't know what to do with his hands. 

I selected a play list that featured a combination of blues and old roadhouse style rock and roll. I was about to offer to make drinks when Liz whispered in my ear, "Why don't we try out your collar tonight?" I had recently bought myself a leash and collar (a cute set decorated with star-shaped silver studs) from the pet store, and had presented it to Liz, half as a joke. But she had taken it very seriously, and was touched and pleased at the idea of me being her submissive, and she got very excited at the prospect of testing me. I knew Liz was just waiting for the right moment to snap that collar around my throat, and the thought of her doing so in front of Jack sent a jolt of excitement through me. I turned around to face her, but kept my eyes lowered as I murmured, "What would you like me to wear?"

"Wear your school girl skirt," Liz ordered. "Old tank top, nothing you care about. Oh, and heels." The combination of pride and lust that shone in her eyes was enough to make me wet right then and there.

I excused myself to get changed, and Liz opened a beer for Jack. The two of them were making small talk in the living room when I returned, but all conversation ceased when I entered the room. I would have been insulted otherwise-I was decked out in a pleated plaid skirt so short it covered only half of my ass. Following Liz's advice, I had paired it with one of my many white wife beaters. I wore no bra, so my nipples were clearly visible under the thin cotton fabric. I had my hair pulled into pigtails, and I wore black thigh-high stockings secured with a matching garter. Stiletto-heeled Mary Janes completed the ensemble. I wore the collar, but handed the leash to Liz and waited for her to attach it to the D-ring at my throat. When I snuck a glance at Jack, he was staring at me, slack-jawed. His hands hovered over the region of his groin, as though he was subconsciously protecting a burgeoning erection. 

Liz cleared her throat. "Here are the rules," she announced to us, " Jenny, once I have this leash on you, you relinquish all control to me. You do what I tell you to do, without question. You are not allowed to speak to Jack until I say so, but you may look at him."

Liz looked up sharply at Jack, channeling her inner dominatrix. "Jack, same for you. You are not allowed to speak to Jenny, but you may look at her. You may speak to me, however. You may not touch either of us unless I say so, but you may touch yourself. Any questions?" Jack shook his head, and his eyes were on me as Liz fastened the leash to my collar. I smiled at him before I turned to face Liz. She started gently, taking my face in both her hands and kissing me slowly. She then ran her hands over my shoulders, down my arms, back up to cup my breasts, nibbling at my neck while her fingers squeezed my nipples. Then, just as I started to relax into her, Liz gripped the neckline of my tank top with both hands and ripped it off my body in one fluid movement. "Go face that wall," she ordered me, indicating the stretch of wall directly in front of the chair Jack was seated in. I crossed the room quickly, Liz at my heels so that she didn't have to loosen her grip on my leash. I approached the wall and stood with legs apart, already anticipating what she wanted. I leaned against the wall, bracing myself with both hands, and arched my back so that my ass was lifted. 

Liz adjusted my skirt so that my ass was fully exposed, and I felt the smooth wooden surface of the paddle as she slid it lightly across the backs of my thighs. I heard Jack's sharp intake of breath just before the first strike landed on my left cheek. A kind of whimper escaped my lips, but I did not move and Liz swiftly brought the paddle down on the right cheek. Without pausing, she administered two more smacks to each side of my ass before throwing the paddle aside. She must have sensed unease from Jack, because she quietly ordered me to "go show Jack. He doesn't understand."

I approached him on shaky legs, my ass half-numb, half on fire. My nipples were hard and my clit was throbbing. Liz kept her distance behind me, but kept the leash wrapped loosely around her left wrist. I simply looked at Jack until Liz said, "You may speak to Jack, and touch him if you need to." Jack was sitting calmly, but looking into his eyes, I could see the slightest hint of consternation. He was afraid Liz was hurting me. I smiled at him and took his hand. "It's okay, Jack," I told him. "Liz is only giving me what she knows I want. See?" I slid his hand between my legs, not firmly, but enough that he could feel how wet I was. His eyes darkened with appreciation, and his dick was straining against the front of his pants at this point. His knuckles barely grazed my clit, and I jumped. Before I could steady myself, Liz had plunged two fingers deep into me from behind, and I moaned loudly into Jack's face. 

I braced myself on the back of Jack's chair, my breasts swinging in his face as Liz continued to pump her fingers in and out of my hungry pussy. Jack quickly undid his pants, pulled his cock out and started stroking it. He was grunting underneath me, his eyes darting from me to Liz. I was so wet that the sound of Liz's fingers sliding in and out of my pussy could be heard over the music.

"Come for me, baby," Liz ordered me, adding another finger, and I felt myself start to quake. The tremors started to rock my body, and I cried out. "Liz, shit, oh God...I'm coming!"

"Fuck...me too..." I heard from below me. Sure enough, when I had regained my equilibrium enough to look down, I saw that Jack had spurted his load all over his hand. As I slid down to rest on the floor, I saw the briefest hint of disappointment on Liz's face. I knew she hadn't yet gotten everything she wanted from this experience, and I was determined to change that. 

For a few minutes, we all just sat there, waiting for our breathing to return to normal and sharing another cigarette. Jack remained in the chair, and Liz and I spread out on the carpet in front of him. Jack was watching us lazily while he smoked, and I decided to heat things up again. I ran my hands up and down Liz's thighs, and murmured to her, "I think it's your turn, baby." When Liz smiled and nodded, I reached up and undid the buttons on her shirt, then opened the shirt to reveal her gorgeous round tits. I unbuttoned her jeans and slid them down her hips, taking the underwear with them in one gesture. 

Once Liz was naked on the floor in front of me, I pushed her thighs apart and knelt between them. I looked up at Jack, licked my lips and winked at him, and leaned down to taste Liz's pussy. I licked her slowly, building pressure and momentum gradually, just the way I knew she liked it. When she reached down to grab my head, it was my cue to nibble and suck at her clit, and she moaned and bucked against my mouth, coming in waves that ran down my chin and neck. 

Jack had watched us silently, smoking his cigarette, his dick growing hard again. I pulled Liz into my arms and kissed her gently, then whispered my intentions in her ear. She looked at me, wide-eyed. She was surprised that I was willing to do it, but I knew she understood why I wanted to. She leaned back on her elbows to watch as I positioned myself on the carpet in front of Jack. I glanced over to make sure Liz still had a firm hold on my leash, and then I took Jack's cock in my hand and looked up at him. He was a little slack-jawed again as I explained to him, "I am going to suck you off now, Jack. Something I don't normally do, as you know..." I kept my eyes on Jack's as I spoke, but began working my hand up and down his shaft. "But we want to make sure you don't come all over yourself again," I continued. "We have a use for that load." Liz and I shared a smile at that.

Then, for the first time in over a decade, I tasted cock. Jack was pretty big, and I hoped I could take all of him without gagging. I ran my tongue around the head and then slid my lips down the shaft. It honestly wasn't unpleasant, like a tube of wet silk. I took more of him in my mouth and Jack moaned, placing his hand on top of my head to guide me down. Liz leaned in closer to watch; she was immensely turned on to see her tried-and-true lesbian girlfriend sucking dick. 

I found my rhythm and really started going for it. Jack was moaning louder, gripping my head by my pigtails and thrusting up to shove his dick deeper down my throat. Liz had slid her hand between her legs and was rubbing fiercely at her clit, short little cries escaping her open lips as she brought herself closer to orgasm. I could feel Jack's cock starting to throb in my mouth, so I sat back and worked him with my hand again, aiming him so that his load shot directly onto Liz's tits. Her eyes were closed and her head was tilted back, and I caressed her gorgeous, dripping breasts with both hands, rubbing Jack's juices all over her the way she had always told me she would want it. Her pussy quaked under her hand as she came again. 

Satisfied that everyone had gotten off, we ended up falling asleep in our bed, the three of us snuggled together in the comfortable way of trusted friends. The next morning, we were having a late breakfast at the café when Mike and Nicky walked in. "Hey, you guys!" Nicky exclaimed as she and Mike pulled up chairs to join us. "What happened to you last night? We found a babysitter last minute and came out to join you, but when we got to the bar, you guys weren't there!"

Jack, Liz and I all laughed and kept eating our breakfasts. Last night would stay between the three of us.