 I've been a scuba instructor for a few years and like any job that involves the public you really do meet all kinds. This story is an event from a recent class that included two couples that were best friends. These two couples would change my life forever by introducing me to a whole new lifestyle.

The class was enjoyable with a good group of people of various ages and backgrounds. After every class I would meet John and Cindy, Tom and Joan at a nearby sports bar. We talked just about everything and eventually that included relationships. I was divorced and not dating anybody in particular. 

It was the last day of the class that things took a turn. They all had taken the final exam and all that was remaining was the final pool section. At the end of the session we were gathering up all our equipment and Cindy asked me help her drain the water from her buoyancy compensator device (BCD). She wanted to "make sure" she was draining it correctly. As I helped her hold it for good drainage she maneuvered my hand so that my right palm was directly on her breast and then she pulled the BCD very close to her chest. There wasn't any way I could pull my hand free so I just stood there enjoying it. She looked at me with a smile and as instructed in the first class she repeated the process except this time she moved my hand to the other breast. I mumbled some words about her flawless technique and gave her tit a squeeze. 

"Now that the class is over, I wanted to show you my appreciation," she stated with a big grin. "I can see from the movement in your swimsuit that you enjoyed helping me."

As I walked away I did a quick adjustment in the swimsuit to try and hide a growing erection. It was titillating but I couldn't help but wonder if others in the class had noticed her actions. I just chalked it up as one of those things that will be great to ponder later and maybe jack off to the fantasy of the fun it could be.

Little did I know that did Cindy's actions had been preplanned by her husband and their friends.

A couple of weeks later I received a pool party invitation to John and Cindy's. She noted that their friends that took the class would be there and she was inviting a friend for me. I accepted the invitation with some anxiety about a blind date. It was going to be a BBQ party and I was to bring my swimsuit. 

It was a perfect day for swimming and BBQ. John really knew how to grill and their friends Tom and Joan talked to Vickie -- my blind date, about the scuba class. The adult beverages flowed and the food was excellent. Vickie was an old friend of Joan and Cindy's and had moved back to the area after her divorce. I found her attractive and engaging. She looked great in a bikini and I kept thinking about some naught play we could in do the water and elsewhere.

I guess the best way to start something is to just be thrown into the situation. I am still amazed at what happened next. Cindy announced she and John had purchased a lot of scuba gear and were going to show us their new BCDs. "We are not putting on the wet suits," announced John, "too damn hot for that." They retreated to the house while the four of us took a seat by the pool. 

Cindy and John returned to the pool with their new BCDs all right, however that was all they had on. No swimsuits, just their BCDs and a big smile.

"Wow, those are great," said Joan, "I really like the way it looks. May I try it on?" 

"Sure," said Cindy, "and Tom you can try on John's. It's nice we are all about the same size. Vickie, do you want to try mine on too?"

"Oh yes please. "

Tom, Joan, and Vickie proceeded to take off their swimsuits and try on the BCDs. I certainly was enjoying the view of three lovely nude women. I quickly noticed that Joan and Cindy had completely bald pussies and Vickie and a small landing strip. They didn't seem to mind my staring at all. Nor did the husbands, in fact they were staring and enjoying Vickie's pussy with big smiles. John looked at me and with a wink mouthed the word "enjoy." I knew I was in for a treat. 

As Tom and Joan were donning the BCDs, Cindy came over, kissed me, and then proceeds to remove my swimsuit.

"That swimsuit was keeping your lovely cock so confined."

I was as naked as the rest and Cindy put my hands on her breast. Then she gave me another kiss and held my cock with both hands.

"I wanted to do this after the last class at the pool a few weeks ago but we had agreed that I would not."

"Who are the we you are referring?"

"The four of us thought you might be a good candidate to join our special pool parties and I literally won the toss as to who got to have you cop a feel at the pool. The idea was to see if you enjoyed it and if so we would arrange for a gathering later and here we are. As much as I wanted to play with your cock at the pool we felt it best to wait. So now that you are here with us, we all can enjoy."

And with that, she dropped to her knees and began to suck and lick my cock. Her mouth was hot and wet all over my eager cock. I glanced over to see what her husband was doing. He was on his knees and Joan was lying on the table with her legs spread wide as John was enjoying her bald and very wet pussy. I could tell she was enjoying his mouth and fingers. Vickie was on her knees deep throating Tom. Pretty obvious that Tom was in heaven. Wow, I thought, this is wonderful. What a great surprise this evening has become.

Cindy stopped her bj much to my sadness and announced we should do a round robin. Vickie came over to me, Joan went to John, and Cindy went to Tom. 

"I've wanted to suck your cock since I first met you," said Vickie, "and I kept wanting to touch the bulge in your swimsuit." 

"When I first saw you in your bikini I wanted to take it off and feel you all over and have your mouth on my hard cock."

My dream was coming true as she took my cock into her mouth and circled the head with her tongue. She proceeded to lick my cock all the way down to my balls, taking each one into her mouth. 

It was a sight to behold of watching three lovely ladies working their magic. Just seeing the other couples in action was certainly better than any X rated movie and if it was possible, it made my cock even harder. 

Vickie looked at me and said, "I want to feel your hard cock deep in my cunt."

I pulled her up from the ground and bent her over a nearby chair. Her cunt was hot and wet as I pushed my cock all the way in. She moaned and pushed her hips back to meet my thrust. 

"Oh baby, I'm going to fill your cunt with cum."

"Oh yes, fuck me, fuck me hard."

I started slowly and she reached down between her legs and held my balls and rubbed her clit. As I increased my tempo I could hear her breathing change and I knew she was going to cum. I didn't want to cum too soon so I changed my strokes and focus. After Vickie had her third orgasm, I picked up the tempo again and soon I could feel my orgasm begin in my balls. I think Vickie could sense it too because she held my balls a little tighter. 

I filled her cunt and was totally spent. We just stood there a bit then she pulled away and knelt down and took my flaccid cock into her mouth. She licked it all over and even licked my balls. Wow, did that feel great. 

I looked around and the other four were having their own fun. Tom was fucking Cindy from behind while Cindy was sucking John's cock. Joan was reaching between Tom's legs as she rubbed Cindy's pussy and Tom's balls. I got hard again just watching. Vickie noticed the change in my cock and began to jack me off. 

"I want you to cum in my mouth."

"With pleasure."

It was a great evening of sex and a promise of more to "cum."