 1 ÷ 7

When the idea of fucking the math team first came to Julie, it didn’t really surprise her. She was, after all, safe in her bed, in the dark, away from the scrutiny of others, with her Hello Kitty vibrator pressed firmly against her clit. Under such circumstances, even the wildest ideas can seem plausible. 

But what did surprise her was this—even the next day as she traipsed down the hallway of the college, surrounded and gawked at by all who might judge her, even then the idea seemed like a good one.

First of all, she told herself, it wouldn’t be like fucking the football team. There were only seven of them, a number that Julie thought she could manage. Plus, they were desperate. Most people—boys and girls—agreed that Julie was the hottest girl in the school. If the hottest girl in the school told these guys she wanted to fuck them, she’d have them completely under her control.

Julie turned these thoughts over in her head all morning, wondering if she would indeed go through with it. The idea intimidated her a little, until one solid fact entered the equation: “If they told anyone, no one would believe them.” Right then, sitting in French class with her pussy drenching the cotton of her panties, Julie resolved to let all seven of the Albertson University Mathletes penetrate her in any way they wanted.

Opportunity presented itself that very afternoon, as Julie overheard the captain of the team, Brent, talking to four of the others in the student union. “My parents will be gone ’til about midnight,” said Brent. “They’re going to the casino. We should get some movies and order a pizza.”

That won’t be the only thing you’ll get tonight, Julie thought. 

The preparations were extensive. Julie wanted to look better than she ever had, but she couldn’t decide whether to just wear her cheerleader uniform, or to look more sophisticated and glamorous. She knew they thought about her when they jerked off. But she wondered exactly how they pictured her. Wanting to shock them as much as possible, she chose the glamour route—Prada high heels and a skintight silver dress that she’d never worn before, because it was so short it was impossible to do anything in it without flashing her panties. In all the excitement, she almost forgot to take her birth control pill.

She waited until dark before driving to Brent’s parents' house. When she got there, she didn’t allow herself to hesitate. She parked the car, strode up the sidewalk, and rang the bell.

Brent’s face was priceless when he answered the door. “Julie…”

“Can I come in?” she said, wetting her lips just slightly.

“Um, sure.” He was obviously confused, but visibly excited. “We’re just, um, watching movies.” He led her to the living room, and there they all were. Seven of them in all—Brent, two skinny twin brothers named Kevin and Keith, three reasonable-looking guys that Julie had never met, and 6-foot-7 guy that everybody called Lurch.

Julie took in their bewilderment, and felt in control. “Guys, I’m here because I feel so bad that I can’t cheer for you. I mean, you represent the school, too. But no one gives you what you deserve.” With this, she pulled the hem of her dress up. She wore no panties. “I want to give you what you deserve.”

They all sat, frozen with astonishment, their hard cocks straining to get out of their jeans. Julie saw that she would have to be the one to get things rolling. She walked over to Lurch, knelt down, and undid his pants. When his cock jumped out, she practically shrieked. She figured it would be big, like the rest of him, but it was huge. Her hand, which was small and bony, couldn’t fit around it as she stroked it. 

“Somebody fuck me … please,” she said, hitching her dress up around her waist as she leaned down to take Lurch’s mammoth cock into her mouth. One of the guys she didn’t know rushed in behind her then. She heard him fumble with his belt a second, then felt his cock push into her slick pussy with one thrust. Moments later, he tensed and came inside her.

All the other guys had their pants off now and some were completely naked. She continued to suck Lurch off, and reached up with both to jerk off the twins, Kevin and Keith, who had positioned themselves on either side of her. When the guy who was fucking her slipped out, Brent kneeled down and rammed himself inside her.

The feeling of jerking off the twins was bizarre and somehow beautiful. They were identical right down to their rock-hard erections, which were big enough but nothing compared to Lurch’s cock. She felt her mouth was being stretched as she sucked it, and couldn’t wait to taste his hot juice.

It wasn’t long before Brent blasted his load into Julie’s cunt, and another guy took his place. When Julie realized that she had the cum of two guys inside her, and would soon have that of a third, her orgasm came like a steam engine. The pressure of her now-clenched fists as she jerked them caused first Kevin, then Keith to shoot their thick, hot cum all over her face and hair.

Surprisingly, Lurch was hanging in there, and it was getting difficult for Julie to keep his huge cock in her mouth. So when the third guy called out and filled her to overflowing, Julie stood and took off her dress. Semen literally streamed down her thighs as she turned away from Lurch and lowered her pussy onto his massive shaft. Even as well-lubed as she was, it was still a grunting, tight fit. When it was all inside of her, the sheer hugeness of it made her come again.

Aside from Lurch, there was one guy who hadn’t come yet. When he approached Julie, she grabbed his dick and put it between her breasts. He fucked her soft mounds for a few minutes, and when she finally caught her breath, she took him into her mouth and instantly tasted her first load of cum for the night.

When the guy had finished, Lurch suddenly stood, picking Julie up off the ground. He lifted her off his cock and effortlessly threw her on the couch. The roughness excited her, and she came again when he started fucking her missionary style. Finally, in this position, he erupted inside of her, his hands clutching her tits hard enough to leave marks.

All the other guys were hard again by this point, and she lost count of how many times she fucked each of them, of how many loads she swallowed. At times, she seemed to drift into a state of higher consciousness, as though she were an ancient woman being sacrificed in some sort of ritual. And when she tried to recall it later, patches of the experience seemed to have been wiped from her memory.

But one thing she would never forget, as long as she lived, was when Lurch took his gigantic cock, hard as ever, and fucked her in the ass.

It was a feat that she thought would be impossible. Even though several of the guys had already taken her anally that night, lubricating her first with something Julie couldn’t remember and then just relying on each other’s cum, she though she would die when Lurch’s glans popped inside her ass. 

It was excruciating. And yet, for some reason, it made her cum like crazy. He showed no mercy at all; he just fucked her with brutal force, holding her down so she was helpless. She didn’t know how long he kept it up for, but her orgasm never ceased. It just kept coming over and over again in waves, until she was quivering and almost hyperventilating beneath him. Finally he came and pulled out, and all the intense feeling ceased. Julie barely noticed as a group of hands manipulated her into a position that would allow the others to double penetrate her.

Eventually, someone noticed the time and said that Brent’s parents would probably be coming home soon. Julie staggered into the bathroom to take a much-needed shower. She paused in front of the mirror to look at herself. Her hair looked ragged. Her makeup was completely gone. Every inch of her body was covered in white, slippery cum, most of it on her face and belly.

“Wow,” she thought. “If only the rest of the cheerleading squad was here to lick this off.” She never ceased to amaze herself.