 Part 9 – The Meeting

This had certainly shaped up to be one fun night. First I go out for drinks and a good time with my long time friend. Then she tells me I can do anything I want with her sexually. And now she has invited another woman to join us in bed. Unbelievable!

I must admit I was excited about Charlotte joining us. When I saw her undressing in the store earlier in the evening, I got a great look at her body, including her clit ring, which really intrigued me. She seemed to have a body similar to Kristi's, though a bit more curvy, from her hips and stomach, up to her breasts. In the store I estimated them to be in the C-cup range and I couldn't wait to test them out for myself!

However, I think I was even more excited to see her and Kristi together. I had never been in a threesome before, and Kristi had never been with another woman before, so we were both about to experience a couple of firsts. The thought of watching my sweet college friend burying her face into another woman's pussy really got me hot. Or even better, to have my cock buried inside her while she was doing it. And I couldn't wait to play with her tits and watch her facial expressions while Charlotte gave her head. Oh, and maybe the two of them would take notice of me at some point as well.

The next twenty minutes seemed an eternity. Kristi had thrown on a short satin robe and began to light some more candles around the apartment. I began to tidy up a bit, picking up some clothes and our water bottles, and putting the so-far-yet-unused toys back in their bag. I must admit I breathed a bit of a sigh of relief with that act.

Since I had no clothes with me in the apartment other than my leather g-string, I ended up staying naked. I was a little self-conscious about this at first, not wanting to make a bad first impression when Charlotte arrived, but I figured we were probably way past that stage at this point. Still, I decided to stand behind the bar and begin fixing drinks, that way only my top half was visible from the front door. I had just moved into the kitchen when there was a knock on the door.

Kristi turned and looked at me with a nervous smile and raised eyebrows and said excitedly, "Here we go!"

Kristi looked hot in her little red satin robe, the bottom of which just barely covered the naked cheeks of her cute little ass. In fact when she reached to answer the door, the robe pulled up just enough to treat me to a quick glimpse of it.

Standing there in essentially the same black t-shirt and jeans outfit we had seen her wearing at the store was Charlotte. And this time I also clearly noticed that she was still not wearing a bra. The piercing in her lip also reminded me of the other one down near her clit I had seen earlier, my cock stirring appropriately. "Hi," she said cheerfully, "can I come in?"

"Of course, please do," Kristi replied opening the door wide open, which made me thankful for choosing to stand behind the bar rather than answer the door with her.

"Ah, a naked bartender. A good sign," she said after noticing me. "Want to fix me up something good too?"

"Whatever you like," I obliged.

"Since I probably need to get caught up, how about a shot? Jack will do," she instructed me with a smile.

Jack Daniels, nice. A girl after my own heart. Kristi took Charlotte's bag and made some nervous small talk with her on the couch while I got the drinks together. When I was finished, I suddenly realized I'd have to expose myself to them both, which made me pause for second. It was silly, as we had invited this person over for the sole purpose of a sexual threesome, but I guess all of a sudden it just hit me that I would be naked in front of her. I think she sensed my hesitation and asked, "What's the delay? Just pouring a couple of shots, no?"

"All done," I answered trying to sound confident and cover my nerves.

"Good," she replied. "I've been itching to see what you've got going on back there," she teased. "I've already seen this beauty over here sitting next to me at the store earlier, and I know you caught a glimpse of me then as well...so now it's your turn!"

Busted. I thought maybe I had gotten away with peeking at her earlier, but apparently I was wrong. Now I wondered how much of the view I had been given was purposely shown to me by the sexy store clerk. Regardless, it was clear she was awaiting a gander at me, and the thought of exposing myself to this perfect stranger was now getting me aroused, evidenced by my quickly growing erection. Great, I thought to myself. But oh, well, in for a penny, in for a pound I reasoned. And with that I walked around the corner with three shots and a full-mast hard-on.

"Quite the equipment you've got there sailor!" she joked. "All rearing to go too, and clean as a whistle. Very nice – I like a man who's not afraid to shave down."

"That was Kristi's handiwork from earlier this evening, I must admit," I told her, setting the shots down on the table in front of them. 

"Nice job sister."

"I am glad you approve," Kristi added with a smile. "I allowed him to do me if I could return the favor. I sort of added his chest, underarms, and legs to the deal afterward," she added with a giggle.

"Seems fair to me. Well then let's have a look at you too," Charlotte suggested to Kristi.

"I suppose that's a good ice breaker," Kristi replied.

I figured she'd just lift up the front of her already extremely short robe to expose the smooth shave I had given her earlier in the shower. Heck, it was already nearly exposing it all anyway. But to my surprise, Kristi stood up and releasing the sash, let the robe fall off her shoulders and to the floor, her bare, naked pussy just inches from this girl's face. Then picking up one of the shots, she raised the glass and joked, "To good hygiene."

Charlotte grabbed one of the shots and now stood up as well. I took the remaining glass and raising it up to clink both of their glasses adding, "Cheers."

Everyone quickly through back the brown liquid, Kristi wincing as she did and saying, "God, whisky is awful!"

"But wonderful as liquid courage my dear, not that you seemed to need any to strip down in front of me," Charlotte continued with a smile, gently laying a hand on her arm. "Speaking of which, I believe I am now way too overdressed for this party." Turning towards Kristi she added, "Care to help me out hun?"

The whiskey must have done the trick as Kristi enthusiastically replied, "Sure, what do you need me to do?"

"Well first, why don't you undo my belt," Charlotte suggested. "Then you can unbutton my jeans and help me out of them."

"OK."

I couldn't believe the sight before me. A completely nude Kristi standing before this sexy woman about to help her out of her clothes. I was glad they were both so fixated on one another that they were unaware of my further growing erection. Kristi reached down to the other girl's waist and unfastened her black belt, sliding it out from around her jeans and dropping it to the floor with a thud.

Next, Kristi reached back down and released the button at the front of Charlotte's jeans, and finding the zipper just below, slowly pulled it down, releasing the snugness of the jeans around her waist.

"Good job hun. Now how about sliding them down and helping me out of them?" asked Charlotte, adding "It might be easier if you got down on the floor."

"You're probably right," agreed Kristi. 

She got down on the floor and kneeled before the other girl, her face just inches from the loosened opening in her pants. Taking a handful of material in each of her hands, Kristi began to tug the tight jeans down over Charlotte's hips. When they had slid just past her hips, they loosened considerable, making it much easier for Kristi to slide them down her legs. It was at this point that both of us realized Charlotte was no longer wearing her little black thong, and Kristi was left staring at the shaved girl's naked pussy, clit ring and all. She continued pulling the jeans down until Charlotte stepped her bare feet out of each leg, a sexy toe ring adorning her left foot. Kristi now sat back on her heels and looked up at the bottomless girl's face.

"I ditched the thong at work after your call," explained Charlotte. "Figured I probably wouldn't have much more use for it tonight."

Looking back down at the girl's nude pussy Kristi replied, "I must admit I've never seen one of those before, let alone so up close and personal. Did it hurt?" she asked referring to Charlotte's clit ring.

"Briefly, at first. But the payoff is well worth it," she replied.

"How so?" asked an intrigued Kristi.

"Anything that happens to be in the area – my finger, a cock, a tongue – and bumps into it, stimulates my clit," explained Charlotte with a dreamy smile. "Go ahead and flick it if you want."

"Oh that's OK," said Kristi reluctantly.

"No rush hun, you'll have plenty of opportuities. Now stand up and help me out of this silly t-shirt," Charlotte instructed.

Kristi stood and grabbed the bottom of black t-shirt on either side of Charlotte's sides. "Lift your arms," Kristi told her.

Charlotte complied and Kristi began to peel the tight t-shirt up the girl's torso. When she got it up to her full breasts, she pulled it out a bit towards her to help get it over them. Regardless, because of the size of Charlotte's breasts, the t-shirt dragged along her bare flesh and grazed across her nipples as Kristi continued to lift it upward. Her tits jiggled slightly and settled as the t-shirt continued up now over her head and up her arms. To get it all the way up and over her arms, Kristi had to take a step closer to her, and just as the shirt was coming off and Charlotte was removing her arms, their bare breasts touched briefly. Kristi stepped back and tossed the t-shirt on the couch.

"Much better," smiled Charlotte.

"Good," answered Kristi.

"Enjoying the view?" Charlotte asked in my direction. Suddenly I was remembered.

"Very much so, thank you," I replied. "You two are quite the pair."

"As are those," chimed in Kristi sarcastically, glancing down at the other girls ample tits.

"Thanks, I grew them myself," Charlotte joked. "Want to feel them?" she asked Kristi, a little more seriously now.

To my gentle surprise Kristi promptly answered "I do actually. I'm used to my little B-cups so it would be fun to feel what bigger ones are like." 

"Not been with many women, huh?"

"No, none actually," Kristi admitted.

"Oh, a lesbian virgin are you? Interesting. Give me your hand," Charlotte quietly instructed her.

Kristi reached out her left hand, and Charlotte took it by the wrist. She lifted it up to her right breast and placed it around it, cupping it. Kristi gently squeezed it, weighing its heft in her small hand. She rubbed her fingers over it, brushing the nipple as she did so. Now stimulated it began to firm up and rise slightly. Kristi's nipples were lighter and sort of thin and perky, while the one she now found herself rolling between her thumb and forefinger was darker and much wider and thicker. Without sounding too clichéd, now that it was hard, it looked like a good-sized pencil eraser.

"Does that feel OK," Kristi asked sheepishly.

"Feels wonderful," replied Charlotte. "Feel them both at the same time."

At the suggestion, Kristi brought her free hand up to Charlotte's other breast and began to systematically and sensuously caress them both with her hands. I paid close attention to see how a woman would guess another would want her breasts touched. Charlotte let out a sigh and closed and opened her eyes slowly. Kristi was doing a good job apparently.

"That feels sooo nice Kristi," she cooed. "You've got my nips nice and hard. Ever have one in your mouth?"

"No."

"Want to try? Lean in and give one a little lick. See what you think about it," Charlotte offered.

"OK, sure. Anything goes tonight, right?" she asked looking over at me.

"Anything," I confirmed.

"I like the sound of that," Charlotte said with a big smile.

Kristi leaned in close to the other girl's chest, bringing her lips just an inch from Charlotte's stiffened nipple. After a brief pause, she stuck her tongue out and just with the tip, flicked it up the nipple making her whole breast jiggle slightly. Charlotte sighed again at the touch of her tongue, I think to probably encourage Kristi more than anything else. It worked and Kristi went in again, this time licking it more than just flicking it, the nipple now glistening with Kristi's saliva.

"Mmmm, can you put your lips around it now hun?" Charlotte prompted.

"If you'd like me too," Kristi replied.

"Absolutely. Pretend you're making it out with it," Charlotte suggested.

"OK." Kristi lowered her lips back down to the ample breast and hardened nipple and without delay consumed the nipple with her open mouth. As instructed, she moved her tongue around, flicking and licking while she pursed her lips on the bare flesh of Charlotte's breast. She now sucked it a little and tightening her lips around the nipple, slid it past her lips and out of her mouth. This time Charlotte's moan seemed much more real, legitimately reflecting the pleasure she was experiencing.

"No wonder you guys love tits so much," said Kristi, "that was really nice."

"That's why I love women so much," Charlotte professed. "Even though you had never done it before, you just know how you want to be pleasured sexually and are able to perfectly deliver that pleasure to another. No offense," she added looking my way.

"None taken," I assured her. "Why don't we move to somewhere a little more comfortable?" I suggested.

"Good idea babe," Kristi replied, and taking Charlotte by the hand led her out of the room and down the hallway towards the bedroom with me quickly in tow.

We made our way back into the bedroom and its candle-lit atmosphere. Seeing both of these beautiful naked women in the candlelight was something I'll never forget. Like something right out of a movie - I couldn't believe my good fortune.