 Our first year of college was almost finished. Since I was taking an astronomy course, one of the rare night classes offered at the college, I had the absolute worst exam slot for my final final exam of the year: 7:30PM-10:30PM on a Friday night. With the exception of the graduating Seniors and the sixty or so students enrolled in the two night classes of the semester, virtually everyone had left the campus already to begin their Summer Breaks. 

Fortunately, my best friends were willing to stay behind. Cherry and I had been close friends since middle school and had both been accepted to the college by Early Decision; we had dated briefly in high school, and when she had come out as being bisexual, I was one of the few who stood by her, which had further cemented our close bond. Helen had been assigned by the college to be Cherry's roommate, and the friendship they shared had sprouted quickly, soon resulting in a Sapphic encounter which I was privileged to witness firsthand as I purposely and voluntarily watched from across their small dorm room. 

By Fall Break, the three of us were inseparable. Although we did engage in sexual relations -- sometimes one-on-one, sometimes as a threesome -- there was more than just sex which linked us together. Perhaps some would call it a poly relationship, but it was not really love -- just something residing in that murky gray area between friendship and love, something which "friends with benefits" could not accurately explain to others. 

All of that was rolling through my mind as I crossed the main quad following that damn exam. I glanced up at the clouds, hoping they would part, but, alas, the forecasted rain began to fall slowly as I approached the dorm. 

Since it was a building for first-year students, almost everyone had already moved out. On the south wing of the building, I saw that I had apparently left the light on in my dorm room, and I saw that Jerry had already returned from the exam, for he stood at his window and waved. On the north end of the building, the light in the room that Cherry and Helen shared was off and the blinds were closed, but I knew that they were there, for they had instructed me to come to their room after I had finished the exam. 

After leaving my backpack in my dorm room, I went to the north wing, headed one floor up from mine, and knocked at their door. A few moments later, Helen opened the door. 

She was naked, and the area around her mouth was wet. My eyes quickly peered into the candlelit room to locate Cherry writhing upon the cool tile floor, her bare body greedily accepting her own fingers. 

I began to harden instantly. 

Wrapping an arm around my waist, Helen pulled me close, kissing me slowly. The taste of my longtime friend upon this newer friend's mouth further solidified my arousal. I broke the kiss long enough to close and lock the door, then took Helen into my arms, kissing her again, tasting Cherry again. 

When we separated at last and I looked to Cherry, I found she was still on the floor, still masturbating, avidly watching me, clearly wanting my attention. I crossed the short distance and knelt beside her, taking her hand and bringing it to my lips so that I could taste her more directly. She smiled, lust evident in her eyes. 

"I want to watch you fuck Helen," Cherry whispered huskily. 

"You don't want him to have you?" Helen asked with a bit of surprise in her voice. 

Cherry shook her head. "I'll have him to myself all summer long. This is the last time he'll be able to fuck you until the fall semester." 

Helen was clearly touched by Cherry's generosity, and bent down so the two young women could kiss. As they kissed, I took Cherry's right nipple into my mouth, suckling gently, and was elated to have both Cherry and Helen touching me. Soon Helen shifted her attentions from Cherry's mouth to her roommate's left breast, and I just knew from her touches and her sounds that Cherry was truly relishing the attentions to her chest. 

"Ow!" Cherry gasped, and I knew the Helen had bitten her roommate somewhat hard. So I did the same. Helen and I essentially traded turns in biting Cherry, making her squirm beneath us. As I began to play with Cherry's clitoris, her sounds of pain began to be interspersed with sounds of pleasure, and Helen took my hint and began to work her fingers inside Cherry. 

In time, however, the presence of these two naked friends had me quite aroused. My lifted my head from Cherry's chest and whispered into Helen's ear, "Take over for me for a moment." 

As I undressed, my eyes were riveted upon the Sapphic display before me. No longer was Helen biting her roommate, however -- it was entirely pleasure the duo shared. They kissed and fingered each other, their passion filling the small dorm room and filling my nostrils. My two closest friends were so engrossed with each other that they did not even seem to notice as I approached them, naked, until I settled on my side behind Helen and gently stroked her arm. 

"Finger her while I spoon with you," I whispered into Helen's ear, then gently rubbed myself along her wet opening. Helen's heavier exhalation combined with her wetness was proof that she was ready, and I was definitely ready to slide into her one final time before our multi-month hiatus. As her fingers worked her roommate's body, Cherry's soft moan actually inspired me -- I want to watch you fuck Helen, Cherry had declared -- and I eased my tip inside my more recent friend. 

I waited, enjoying how Helen's body tried to suck me further, deeper inside her. I moved shallowly, just enough to make her whimper softly, a whimper echoed by Cherry as Helen fingered her. "I wanna lick you clean when he's done with you," my longtime friend announced quietly, and looking over Helen's shoulder, I could see Cherry's face beginning to contort from the pleasure our mutual friend was granting to her. 

"Make Cherry cum," I half-growled into Helen's ear. "Make her gush all over your hand. Only then will I actually fuck you." 

I did at least slowly squirm my way inside Helen until I was fully sheathed within her wet passage, and then reached over her side to fondle a breast. I closed my eyes, simply listening -- listening to Helen's fingers forcing the wetness from Cherry's body, listening to Cherry's whimpers and moans and pleas not to stop, listening to Helen taunting by describing how it felt to have me embedded within her. Just simply listening to these two wonderful friends was a thrill in itself, especially as Cherry's moans became more and more desperate, as her hands brushed mine as together we touched Helen. 

In time, however, between the feel of Helen's sex tantalizing me and my friends' voices seducing me, I could no longer hold back. I began to move -- slowly -- inside Helen, and after the initial loud gasp, she began to describe to Cherry how it felt to have me fucking her. 

Then, it happened: Cherry's orgasm hit her, hard. She screamed her voice glorious in that brief moment before Helen kissed her fiercely, perhaps in part to quiet her, perhaps in part to share Cherry's moment of ecstasy. My longtime friend did indeed gush, for part of her copious release rose up over Helen's legs to fall upon me. 

That was my cue. I truly fucked Helen, each thrust hard and possessive and accompanied by a deep powerful grunt. If my manhood had been a knife, Helen would have been quickly and easily murdered, such was the force I used in taking her. Cherry had given me the permission, and I was taking the opportunity, making Helen scream one final time for me before we parted ways for the summer, imposing my will on Helen's eager body as she and Cherry clutched each other, each wailing for different reasons -- Cherry in her post-orgasmic haze, Helen in her fuck-me-harder lust. 

Helen's climax was just as powerful as my thrusts, her body clutching me perfectly, the additional friction hastening my climb toward the sexual peak. When my time finally came, I bellowed without shame, announcing my conquest to everyone in or near the building, erupting inside her in multiple spurts which redoubled her sounds of carnal bliss. 

When Helen and I disengaged at last, she slowly rose to her hands and knees, then moved into position over Cherry's face. Squatting, she watched -- as did I -- as Cherry's long pointed tongue slowly reached up to begin cleaning her, as the pink-painted lips were finally affixed in an effort to suck my seed from her body. With that act, despite having physically been inside only one woman that night, I had become part of two different women. 

That night, we pushed the two beds together to create a "superbed," just as we had done at least once per month since Halloween. It was one final night together before Cherry and I loaded my truck and headed to our hometown for the summer while Helen headed out west for her summer job. 

Helen and Cherry shed a few tears in the morning when the packing was done, and we all shared a nice group hug before Helen boarded the bus to the airport. As Cherry and I returned to the truck, it was clear that, while the previous night had been fun, she and I had some "unfinished business" to take care of during the long trip home.