 "Oh, yeah!" Paul grunted, his body spasming as he pulled suddenly from Ally's mouth.

"Fuck," Ally laughed as Paul's cum sprayed over her face and tits. She was amazed he had anything left, given the number of times he'd come. 

Her date with Paul had turned into the most debauched day of her life. According to the clock, she'd been in Paul's dorm room for over fourteen hours now. In that time she's fucked and sucked Paul and his roommate Chuck more than a dozen times, to say nothing of eating out a pizza delivery girl. 

Paul looked down at his handiwork, obviously pleased with himself, and hitched his pants back up. 

"Maybe later," he said with a grin, before settling down in front of the game console and joining Chuck in the latest round of whatever video game they had been playing in between fucking her. 

Ally knelt on the dorm room floor, feeling the cum oozing down her face, and considered what to do next. At some point, she thought, she really ought to go home. Of course, the last time she'd mentioned the idea the guys had taken her clothes, cuffed her to the bed and fucked the hell out of her. In fact, the only time she'd left the dorm room had been a quick nude dash to the bathroom, desperately hoping she wouldn't get caught by the other guys on the dorm floor. 

Ally smiled. She was now convinced her Women's Studies group would have a full blown seizure if they found out about this, but the truth was Ally was enjoying herself. Still, after a morning of non-stop fucking and now covered in drying semen, she felt like a little break was in order.

"I need a shower," Ally said to no one in particular.

"Bathroom's down the hall," Paul's roommate Chuck said distractedly.

"Right, like I'm going to use the shower on a men's-only floor of your dorm," Ally replied, trying to ignore the sudden thrill that rushed through her.

"It's Saturday afternoon," Paul chimed in grinning. "No one's going to be around... probably."

"Fine," Ally replied with a smirk. 

.........

"Yeah, but the important thing to remember is..." Tom was saying as he pushed open the door into the dorm bathroom. "Wow." 

"What?" Dick asked, following his roommate, who had stopped dead. "Holy shit!"

There was a naked woman in the bathroom, standing in front of one of the shower stalls. She was tall. Her long shapely legs rose up to a firm round ass. Her long blonde hair hung down her bare back, and from the side her large round tits were plainly visible. 

Dick look around, to make sure he was in the right bathroom, before remembering this was a men's only floor. There was no women's bathroom here. The blonde jumped at the sound of their voices, which caused some interesting bouncing and wiggling. Dick noticed her pink, round nipples on those big jiggling tits. He noticed the tuft of blonde hair between her legs, but his eyes kept being drawn back to those tits.

"Oh," the blonde gasped, reflexively trying to cover her full breasts and bare pussy with her hands.

"Hello," said Tom.

"Um... hi," said Dick, smiling at Ally. "Are you.. um...?"

"I was just going to get a shower," the blonde said lamely, gesturing toward the shower stall. By doing so, she exposed her breasts again. 

Dick noticed shiny streaks covering her breasts and lining her face. Cum, he realized. She has cum on her face and tits. 

"You do know this is a guys' floor, right?" Tom asked.

"Yeah," she replied. "but I really need to clean up."

A sudden, playful smile lit up the coed's face. She seemed to relax, setting her hands on her hips and posing to display her considerable charms to good effect.

"See, I'm just a mess." She gestured at the cum on her breasts. "Paul and Chuck, do you know them? Well, they been fucking me all day. Plus, I just ate out that pizza delivery girl. Man, that was fun. I'd never eaten pussy before." Her hand brushed low, teasing her blonde pubes. "Don't you just love it?"

"Yes," said Tom, his wide eyes glued to her. 

"Anyway, I've just got to get a shower," she continued with a wicked grin. "You don't mind, do you? I'm Ally, by the way."

"No," said Tom. "No, no. Definitely not."

"Hi, Ally," Dick added. 

He couldn't help but think this girl was having fun with them. She definitely looked like she was just barely holding back from laughing. Not that he minded, especially when Ally, swaying her hips in a way that made everything bounce and jiggle, walked over to him and held out her hand.

"I'm Dick," he said, taking her hand and shaking it.

"Seriously?" She laughed, which made her tits bounce even more. Her eyes dropped unabashedly to his crotch.

"Seriously," he replied. What the hell, he thought and added, "I just came in here to use this." With a quick motion, so he didn't chicken out, he unzipped his jeans and whipped out his hard-on. 

"Well," Ally laughed, a smiling, sultry look on her cum-streaked face. "Hot naked chick, sucking cocks in the bathroom, again. You're next, stud. Whip it out," she added to Tom.

That corner of Ally's mind that used the voices of her Women's Studies group asked what the fuck she thought she was doing. Letting herself be chained in a dorm room and repeatedly fucked by two guys for the better part of a day was bad enough, but randomly sucking off two guys she'd never seen before in a bathroom? Had she gone crazy? 

Ally firmly told her imaginary Women's Studies group to shut the fuck up and leave her alone. Except for imaginary Lacy, the cute brunette with glasses in the back, who Ally found herself distractedly picturing naked and wondering if she would taste different than the pizza girl. 

Because really, what the hell? Shouldn't she have one truly debauched and wild day in college that would make her blush years later? The thing at the party had been out of control. Even getting Chuck involved in her "date" with Paul had been something that happened to her. This, these guys her in the bathroom, was her choice, and hers alone. 

All of which flicked through her mind in a moment, as she knelt down in front of the aptly named Dick. He looked down at her, aroused but shocked by his own daring and her willingness to play along. She smiled up at him, looking past his hard shaft to his eyes. He grinned back as her hand wrapped around his thick member.

Slowly, Ally stroked his shaft, enjoying the feel of his hardness in her hand. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw his friend fumbling with his jeans and pulling out own hard-on. Grinning, Ally shifted her position and reached out to grab a second cock. She stroked them both, feeling the differences and similarities in the two hard shafts of flesh. 

"Suck it," Dick urged with a guttural moan.

Grinning, Ally leaned forward. Her tongue darted out, fluttering over the head of Dick's hard dick. He groaned as she teased him. Quickly she shifted and lapped at his friend's cock, then bounced back, taking Dick's tip between her lips and rolling her tongue over him. She sucked vigorously for a moment, before shifting to her second hard member. Ally started to establish a rhythm, swapping between one and the other until the sound of the door opening interrupted her.

"Dude," said a shocked voice. 

Ally looked up to see another guy standing the bathroom doorway, his eyes wide at the sight of a hot naked blonde kneeling in front of two guys. Ally laughed.

"I'll... umm," the new guy stammered.

"Get over here," Ally laughed. "The more the merrier, right guys."

"Sure," Dick grinned.

"Whatever you say," Tom added.

"Oh wow," said the new guy, fumbling open his jeans as he rushed to join them.

Still laughing, Ally seized her newest hard cock and licked the tip, while her other hand continued to stroke Dick's dick. Quickly, Tom moved to the new guy's other side and gently guided Ally's her hand to his shaft while she licked and sucked the third guy. 

Soon, Ally reestablished her rhythm. Fingers stroked two cocks while her mouth sucked on a third. She moved hungrily from cock to cock, enjoying the feel of each one, noticing their differences. Dick's dick was thick and hard, Tom's long and narrower and the third guy was thin with a wide tip. From time to time, one of the guys would reach out to squeeze her tits, which made her moan, or grab her head, pulling her down harder on the shaft in her mouth. 

Ally reveled in her feeling of joyfully wicked debauchery. Here she had three hard cocks at her beck and call, captives to the pleasure given by her hands and mouth. Each one unique in their shape, feel and even taste. She rolled her tongue over a thick, hard shaft, bobbed her head up and down a narrow cock and sucked hard on a salty tapered tip. 

Wait a minute, Ally thought suddenly, the other guy had a wide tip. She looked up suddenly and saw another new face grinning down sheepishly at her. 

"Hi," Ally said, letting the tapered cock drop from her lips.

"Um, hi," the fourth guy grinned back. "I... uh..."

"Welcome to the party," Ally laughed brightly. What the fuck, she thought as she dropped her head to take the new shaft back into her mouth.

In her head, her imaginary Women's Studies group looked on in horror as she moved her mouth from one cock to the next with passionate abandon. She loved the sounds of the guys moaning and gasping above her. She reveled in the way their bodies arched and rocked in pleasure at the touch of her hands, the wet warmth of her mouth. 

Hand caressed her back, squeezed her breasts, teased her nipples and stroked her hair. Cocks, slick with saliva and precum, twitched and jerked against her palms or thrust into her face. She moaned with pleasure and, enjoying how much her little sounds fired the guys' lust, moaned louder to spur them on. 

She knew the guys were moving around her, switching off whenever her hands or mouth released them. She closed her eyes and lost track of their movements, enjoying the taste and feel and shape of each different cock without trying to identify its owner. They were hungry for the touch her fingers, the softness of her mouth, and they pressed around her, groping and moaning, thrusting and grunting, in a wild frenzy of desire.

Then the sudden slam of a door and a shouting voice broke through the haze.

"Hey," the voice yelled. "That's our girl!"

"Guys, what the fuck," another voice laughed.

A thick, hard cock fell from Ally's mouth with a pop. She looked through the crowd of legs toward the door. Paul, her nominal date from last night, and his roommate, Chuck, stood there. Paul look outraged, while Chuck just grinned. 

"What!?!" she yelled back, looking up at them. 

"That's our girl," Paul yelled again, glaring at the guys around her. "Get your hands off her."

Furious, Ally surged to her feet, staggering slightly as she suddenly noticed the stiffness in her knees. Hands steadied her and she glared daggers at Paul, who paled suddenly at the sight of her. 

"Ok, first things first," Ally snapped. "I am not 'your girl.' I am mine."

Ally realized she was still holding two hard cocks in her hand and started to stroke them again. "You don't own me and you don't decide WHAT I do, or WHO I do! If I want to suck four cocks in bathroom..."

"Six cocks," someone said.

"Actually... five, six seven... eight! Eight cocks," another said.

"What?!?... Really?" Ally gasped, a little stunned as she looked around. Sure enough, a lot more than four guys standing around the bathroom with their dicks in the hands. "Ok, if I want to suck eight cocks that's my business. I'm having fun and I'm doing this because I want to. If that's a problem for you... for any of you! ... you can leave now. " 

"No," shouted one of the guys in the crowd. "No problem here."

"We're good," said another.

"Give the lady what she wants," said a third.

"Quit being such a asshole, Paul," Dick chimed in. 

"Hey, I got no problem with whatever you want, Ally," said Chuck, already unbuckling his jeans. "Is it ok if I... uh..."

Ally laughed. "Whip it out, Chuck. It's that kind of party. Now, Paul if you don't mind, my boys here need some attention. So either whip it out or go jerk off somewhere else."

Ally started back down, then groaned. "Oh, my knees are getting a little sore though."

"Someone get the lady a pillow to sit on," Dick yelled.

"Grab Paul's," someone joked.

In short order a couch cushion was produced and dropped in the middle of bathroom floor. Ally knelt ceremoniously in the middle of a circle of proud, hard cocks and smiled. Imperiously, she pointed to three guys, wrapping her hands around two and rolling her tongue around the tip of the third. A cheer went up from the assembled guys as the hot blonde coed started to bob her head up and down on their shafts again.

The rhythm was quickly restored. Cocks moved from Ally's hands to her mouth. Amid the moving crowd of hard shafts, she recognized the taste and shape of Chuck and Paul among the others. 

In her mind's eye, the Woman's Studies group no longer looked on in quite the same way. A few of them, she imagined, had stormed off in shock fury. She imagined others watched with mingled horror and desire. One or two of the most daring, she could easily imagine cheering her on, even laughingly caressing themselves at the lusty sight of their debauched classmate surrounded by such a bounty of virile male sexuality. 

The imagined image of those watchers spurred her to greater heights. She moan and rolled her head, sucking deeply at the cocks around her. A few she took as deeply as she could, gagging slightly as they plunged into the depths of her mouth. The guys moaned, grunted, cheered and egged her on. 

Suddenly, the latest guy in her right hand tensed and grunted: "Oh fuck, I'm going to pop."

"Come on, man," someone cheered. "Do it."

"Cum on what?" another laughed.

"Cum on her face man," some else urged.

"Yeah," Ally laughed, released a hard shaft from her mouth. "Would you like that?"

"Fuck man," another guy groaned. "That would be so hot."

Ally laughed, jerking the tensing guy harder.

"Oooo, do it," she cooed, in her best slutty porn star voice. "Give it to me. Cum on my face."

"FUCK!!!" the guy shouted, powerful spasms rocking his body. Jets of semen erupted from his cock, spraying down in a torrent which fell over Ally's cheek, and down onto her breasts, covering her in ropes of sticky white goo. As his spasms faded, Ally leaned forward and sucked the last drops from his still hard shaft.

"Shit dude," someone laughed. "How long have you been saving that up?"

"Fuck that was so good," the guy grunted as Ally's tongue teased his sensitive tip.

"Fuck man, that is so hot," one of the guys groaned.

"Do you like that?" Ally laughed, rocking back on her hips. "You think it looks hot?"

"Fuck yeah," the guys cheered.

"Ok, then do it." Ally vamped. "Come on guys! Give it to me!" 

Quickly, Ally was surrounded by guys jerking their cocks wildly. Laughing, she threw her head back and smiled up at the them. Her hands cupped her breasts, sticky with the first guy's load, and held them to up to her guys. 

"That's it boys," she crooned. "Cum on my tits. Cum on my face. Cover me in cum."

One after another, the guys blew their loads. Cheering and laughing, they rained cum down on Ally's face, her breasts, her arms, her back and her hair. Streams of semen oozed down her cheeks and chin, down her chest and dripped onto her legs. Finally, the last guy finished dripping onto her and staggered back. 

"Wow," Ally laughed, feeling the sticky goo oozing down her body. "Did you guys like that?"

"Damn, you look so hot, lady," someone sighed to a general outcry of cheers and laughter. 

"Ally!" Dick yelled out. "Ally, Ally, Ally!"

The rest of the guys took up the cheer, chanting her name before bursting to laughter and cat calls.

"OK, ok," Ally laughed. "Wow, guys. That was, by far, the craziest thing I have ever done. Thank you."

The guys cheered again.

"Now," Ally shouted over them. "I really need to get a shower. Like, desperately."

"Boo," someone shouted.

"Fuck off," Ally laughed.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," A couple of the guys started chanting.

"Shower!" Ally barked. "Alone!"

"You heard the lady," a voice cut through the crowd. "Let her wash up." 

Someone shouldered his way through the crowd of guys around her. Tom, Dick's friend from what seemed like ages ago, stood over Ally. He held out his hand and gently helped her to her feet.

"Finally, a gentleman," Ally smiled though a mask of drying semen. 

"Now, fuck off you animals," Tom said firmly. 

Laughing and slapping each other on the back, the guys began to filter away. A few lingered long enough to offer Ally a thank you, praise her beauty or her cock-sucking skills or some combination of the three. 

Finally, Ally was alone in the bathroom with Tom.

"I'll make sure no one bothers you," he offered. "Do you need anything?"

"Thank you," Ally said softly. "A clean towel and some shampoo would be nice."

"I'll get you some," Tom nodded, turning to go.

Tentatively, Ally reached out and touched him arm. God, she thought, this guy just watched me suck off practically his entire dorm floor. I'm naked and covered in cum, some of it his. Why do I suddenly feel shy around him?

"Thank you," was all she could say.

Tom smiled.