 Author's note: This is the final part of a series of stories under the screen-names Phobos &Deimos and ForTheLoveOfLesbians. It is not necessary to have read those stories to enjoy this one, but please do if the mood hits you. The story thus far…Jason is dating the lovely Janice, who is, in turn, having a relationship with her best friend and roommate, Lily. She has revealed the latter affair to Jason and, after much soul searching (and some girl/girl loving) has decided to bring the two loves of her life together…

* * * * *

Jason and Janice made silly small talk on the way to the restaurant, chatting about work, hobbies, friends and family with little real substance and even less relevance. They made no mention of where they were going, whom they were meeting and what might happen tonight. As they came to the parking lot of the busy, but relatively small and inexpensive eatery, they fell very quiet. Jason parked the car and they both got out, pausing in the warm, breezy evening air to look at each other. Janice was wearing her favorite black dress, not too short, not too low cut, but so perfect on her petite frame. She wore it the first night they made love, but had never since. Jason was pleased she had chosen it again for this night, whatever it was going to be. 

For his own part, Jason had chosen snappier apparel than his usual—new khakis and a polo shirt Janice had picked out for him. He felt sexy in this outfit, mostly because Janice kept telling him so and because shortly after they had both dressed and modeled for one another, she'd seduced him into taking it all back off and making love to her. The spontaneous sex had gone a long way toward relieving some of their nerves and tension about tonight, but it was all rushing back again as they reached for one another's hands and headed inside.

The hostess led them to a booth in a secluded area of the restaurant, where Lily was already seated. She jumped up upon seeing them approach, smiling broadly. The couple squeezed hands before disengaging to greet Lily, who hugged Jason and kissed him on the cheek, before doing the same for Janice. After their hug, Lily held her by the wrists and stepped back, sliding her gaze up and down her friend, who was doing the same for her. Lily was wearing a bright red, skin-tight dress over her much more voluptuous body, leaving little to the imagination and no doubt that there were no undergarments, just one hot dress and a pair of sheer red stockings that didn't quite reach the hem. She reached up to adjust the strap on Janice' shoulder.

"Ooh, you wore the 'fuck me' dress…" Lily laughed at Janice' open-mouthed look at her and before anything could be said, placed a long kiss on her lips. Jason stared despite himself. He'd been aware of this for weeks now, but this was his first time seeing it. It was…very erotic and very beautiful. Suddenly, the air was stuffy and warm. He saw a busboy staring from the only visible table nearby and smiled at him. The teen jumped when he realized he'd been seen and took off quickly.

The trio moved into their semi-circular booth, Janice in the middle, and made more small talk as they looked over the menus. Their waitress, an attractive brunette in her late twenties, took their drink orders first. Janice and Lily got a large margarita to share while Jason ordered an imported brew. They were all looking forward to a little alcohol to take away the nerves.

Lily was obviously not as flustered with the situation as her companions were. She talked and laughed throughout the drinks, the meal and dessert, all of which seemed perfect and very relaxing. By the time their check came, all three were more than a little buzzed and feeling very charged. Lily finally broke the ice about why they were here.

"God, I can't believe we're going to do this." Her hand was playing in Janice' hair, who simply smiled back and forth to her and Jason.

Jason shifted slightly in his seat, feeling warmth in his lower body at the sudden reminder of the situation. He smiled back to Janice before looking at Lily. "We've been nervous about it all day, in case you didn't notice. It's…exciting, though." Janice nodded and laughed. She had so much at stake here, the love and friendships of the only two people that really mattered to her right now. She'd thought all day that this might be a horrible idea, but now, suddenly, it felt very right.

"Yeah," Lily smiled, then fell quiet for a moment. She took a last sip of her drink and looked square and serious at Jason. "Look, Jason, I love Jan, it's that simple. I've had a lot of relationships in my life…you might even think me promiscuous. Hell, the first time we met, I blew you in a freight elevator." Jason flushed and smiled, but said nothing. 

Lily smiled, too, but continued. "Sex is just a recreation for me, a hobby, if you will. I learned at a young age that I could manipulate men…and, eventually, women, with my sexuality and that I simply loved it. I know that neither of you is this way. Jan was still a virgin when we met in college and I know you're the rare kind of guy who doesn't always think with his dick.

"So, anyway, being as how sex has become such a thing for me, I don't fall in love too often. The last time was probably when I was in high school. Suddenly, this year, when I decided to get back in touch with my…" she paused, laughed and seemed to mentally shrug, "….my lesbo side, I knew I was gonna have some fun with my gal Janice. What I didn't expect was to fall in love with her. I've had sex with friends before, but never one as close and as important to me as this one." She smiled at Janice and reached onto the table to squeeze her hand before returning her gaze to Jason.

"I love her…but she loves you…" Lily held up her hand to stop Janice from responding, as she was preparing to. "I know you love me, too, but not the same way you love Jason. The point is that I agreed to do this because you asked me to, because you think it will make things right. Will it?"

Janice simply stared at her lap blankly. She didn't know what to say, what to think. She knew Lily was right, but she hadn't expected her to be so blunt about it. She felt like crying, but also felt angry at this unusual situation. She was about to excuse herself when Jason spoke up.

"I think so. I mean, I didn't agree to all this for the kink factor, you know. I'm all for the idea of a threesome…I've never had one, dreamed about them for years. But I also realized that they aren't healthy in the context of a loving relationship. And that was what I'd planned on telling you both…despite the fact that my…more primal side is telling me not to. I don't want to lose Janice any more than you do. But I know that she loves you as much as me, in whatever way…and I think that can make all of this work. It's not about the sex...it's about a shared love…" Jason fell quiet very suddenly, embarrassed at his own boldness. He'd been giving it a lot of thought, obviously, but this was the first time he'd made a decision. He wanted to make love to his girlfriend and her best friend. He wanted the three of them to share something special and maybe find something that common sense would say was wrong or unable to work. 

Janice, who had been listening to Jason's every word with admiration and a swell of love, leaned over to kiss him deeply. "Thank you, sweetie." She looked to Lily, who smiled and shrugged.

"What the fuck? It'll be the best night of our lives in any event." Lily's sarcasm barely masked her relief and Janice rewarded her with a kiss as well, just as the waitress returned with Jason's credit card. She stood still, stunned as the two women indulged their passions. 

Lily broke the kiss and smiled big at the woman. "I'd invite you to join us, but this is just for the three of us tonight, doll." The waitress flushed and walked quickly away. The trio collected themselves and got up to leave. Jason noticed most of the male staff watching them as they left; one even gave him a wink and a thumb up. Jason simply smiled and shook his head.

Despite the fact that all parties knew where they stood now, the drive to Lily and Janice' apartment (they'd decided it would be the most comfortable place for them all) was quiet and a bit tense, but the tension was now of a different variety, a curiosity and expectation about a whole new experience they would soon share. Once inside, Lily mixed them a few more drinks, as the serious conversation at the end of dinner had taken some of their buzzes away.

They stood awkwardly in the living room and drank quickly. Finally, Janice took all their glasses and set them on the table. She reached out for Lily and Jason's hands and held them tightly. "Come on, you two. Let's go to the bedroom. I want to spend the rest of this night with the two sexiest people I know," she smiled wickedly. "And I want to spend it naked and sweaty." She let go of their hands, bounced to the bedroom and, facing them from the doorway, reached behind to unzip and pull off her dress, slowly and seductively dropping it to the floor. Her bra and panties soon followed and she did a cute little dance before jumping on her bed. Lily and Jason exchanged a smile; Lily kissed Jason quickly and ran after her friend, who proceeded to help her peel off her own dress and slowly rolled off her stockings.

Jason approached a little more slowly. He wanted to watch the two women together for a bit first as he slowly took off his clothes, as well. Lily and Janice were quickly entwined on the bed, kissing with intensity, their bodies pressing together with an ease and familiarity that Jason found incredibly beautiful. This wasn't just two girls putting on a show…this was passion…this was love. And it was giving him a hard-on like he couldn't believe.

Janice rolled atop Lily as their tongues danced together between their pressed lips, each exploring the other's heating skin with greedy hands. The women had not been this intimate since the night they decided to take this path. Now, caught up in the moment, they were hungry for each other. Janice pulled herself away from her girlfriend's mouth and kissed to her breasts, sucking and nibbling at each nipple, leaping from one to the other in sudden bursts, giggling and leaving the now pebble hard nubs wet with her saliva. She slid down Lily's belly to tickle her nose in her freshly trimmed bush, where her fingers had already been teasing the edges of her friend's pussy. Janice tongue snaked out to take a long, slow journey over those moist folds, bottom to top, gently probing for her clit to come out for her. She'd spent many hours eating Lily out in the past year, and had learned all her favorite places to be touched and licked, all the ways to get her off quickly, slowly or with degrees of intensity, but every time she tasted her, if still felt new and exciting. Janice prepared to dive again when she felt a hand rubbing her leg.

Janice looked back to see Jason sitting naked on the bed's edge, gently stroking her thigh and up to her ass with one hand, the other pumping his hard cock slowly. There was lust and love and fascination in his eyes as he watched his girlfriend with her face between another woman's legs and enjoying herself so obviously.

"Awww, honey, we're leaving you out already. I'm sorry." She began to sit up, but Jason held his hand up briefly.

"No, Jan, love, it's fine. I can't believe I'm watching this. You…making love to your friend. It's so beautiful. Don't stop." Janice didn't. She smiled at him and turned back to Lily's pussy. Lily grinned at Jason.

"Hey, sexy, why don't you come lay beside me while Janice licks me. She's such a good pussy licker…" She moaned slightly as Janice inserted a finger in her. Jason moved onto the bed beside her, and reached out to play with her breasts. Lily turned her face to his and kissed him deeply, channeling the incredible feelings Janice was producing between in her loins to his mouth, sucking on his lips and tongue much as her own pussy and clit were being tenderly ravaged.

Janice had one hand fingering and probing Lily, but she reached out the other for Jason's familiar cock, only to find Lily's hand already there. The two women stroked and squeezed his shaft together and played gently with his balls. After a few more moments like that, Lily gently pushed her gal's hand away as she leaned over and slid her tongue from the base of his dick to swirl about the head and lap away the precum their manual attentions had produced. She sucked the hot head into her mouth; tracing her tongue around the tight skin and feeling Jason's cock twitch and his entire body shiver. Her hand continued sliding the smooth skin of his shaft up and down over the solid core as she drew out more of his sticky nectar. Jason was breathing heavy and rubbing her back as she sucked him, watching Janice still lapping happily between her legs.

Suddenly, Lily moaned loudly around her mouthful of Jason's cockhead, a sensation that almost made him come right then, but she removed her mouth, eyes squeezed shut as she rolled her head to rest on Jason's stomach. He looked to see Janice face glistening with Lily's juices as she suckled her clit and rubbed and fingered her pussy to orgasm. Lily held Janice' head in place, writhing and crying out with pleasure as she felt two very distinct waves of heat spread out from between her legs.

Janice continued to lick slowly and tenderly at Lily as she came down from her high. Finally, Janice slid up her body and kissed her long and deep before moving to do the same with to her boyfriend. Jason had watched Lily cum with rapture, fascinated at the concept of his sweet Janice bringing this woman to such ecstasy. When Janice kissed him, he was taken briefly by surprise, even more so when he realized he tasted Lily from her lips and tongue. The knowledge turned him on even more, as he pulled her close and probed her mouth with his tongue, craving the combined familiar taste of her and the new thrill of her best friend. He moaned into Janice' mouth when he felt Lily's once again playing about his cock.

Janice pushed gently away from his kiss and smiled broadly at Jason. "Did I put on a good show? I know you've been dying to see me do that." Jason could only nod. Janice laughed at his inability to do much more and looked down to where her other love was stroking and sucking at him. "She still sucks a mean dick, doesn't she? I know you've never forgotten that first time we met, how she took care of you then. This time, though I'd never doubt her abilities, I think she needs a little help." 

Janice kissed him again and rolled across him and Lily to slide down and lie parallel to her, but on his other side. Jason looked down and watched one of most incredible things he'd ever feel occur as Lily stopped sucking his now-throbbing prick and gently pushed it towards her girlfriend, who eagerly took it into her own mouth, applying familiar and intense motions with her lips and tongue, before eventually offering it back again. The women continued trading his lucky manhood back and forth every ten seconds or so, eventually acting like they were competing to see who could suck harder and faster and deeper. Jason wasn't sure how much more he'd be able to take, and they must have sensed that as they paused momentarily, their fingers laced together around his dick as they started to kiss again.

When their kiss ended, Lily tilted Jason's cock between their faces and both women started to rub their lips up and down the shaft on opposite sides, removing their hands so he was held in place only by their wet kisses. Jason moaned quite loudly at this new and powerful feeling, his mouth hung open watching two women with his staff pressed between them. They finally slid up to the head, their lips opening further to kiss the other's with him between, lashed and caressed to maddening sensitivity by their tongues. For a brief moment, they parted and a sticky bit of precum could be seen between their lips. That was too much for Jason, as he reached out to the girl's heads to gently push them back in, he felt himself cumming. The first spurt shot between Janice' and Lily's faces, who recoiled for a second and laughed. Lily quickly sucked him back into her mouth for a few spurts, then passed him in a fleeting kiss to Janice' mouth, who tasted the next shots of his hot, familiar cum. All the while, Jason writhed and gasped as he came, stronger than he could ever recall.

Janice finally stopped sucking to simply pump his still solid stick with one hand. Lily leaned back in to lap at the cream that continued to ooze out, licking whatever she missed from Janice fingers. Knowing how sensitive his cock would now be, the women carefully licked and sucked him as his deflated under their loving touches.

When they felt they were finished, they both slid up to lay beside Jason, hugging each other and him between them. Jason just lay there, eyes half closed as the two beauties kissed him on the cheek. He opened his eyes and gave first Janice, then Lily full, deep kisses of appreciation. "That," he finally said, "was incredible. Thank you, ladies." 

Lily slid herself closer. "Well, we've only just begun fulfilling all your male fantasies and some of our own." Her eyes smiled at Janice on the latter comment. "But your girl here is still in need. I know you're not quite up to it yet, so I'm going to take care of her until you're ready again." Her ample breasts slid across his chest as she stretched to kiss her friend again, who pulled her close, sliding her hands over her back and squeezing her butt playfully. Jason could do nothing more but lay there and watch, quite happily, of course, as they resumed their personal lovemaking, eventually sliding from the bed to use the bathroom quickly. 

When he returned, he found Janice sprawled on the bed, legs spread, but curling in as she did when she was feeling pleasured, her head of short, golden hair tossing back and forth on the pillow. Lily was crouched on hands and knees between, sliding a pillow under Janice' ass so she could have better access to her pretty pussy as she licked, sucked and caressed it with her face and fingers. Jason knew how much fun Janice was to perform oral sex on. He loved giving it and she loved receiving. It never really occurred to him how much having a knowledgeable woman doing it for her might feel. Jason watched her face as she oohed and ahhed in bliss, tangling her fingers in Lily's long black hair, lifting off the bed to push her face deeper and harder against her. Lily responded with increased fervor in her attentions, making hungry sounds as she went about her work. 

Jason watched, leaning against the door with a silly grin of lust and joy. He absentmindedly began stroking himself back to stiffness as he watched Janice losing herself to her best gal's oral assault. After a few moments, he found himself hypnotized watching Lily's butt bobbing about as she enjoyed her work and his eyes gazed longingly at her pussy, framed by dark curls, glistening with sweat and her own juices. Feeling eyes upon him, he looked up and into Janice' face. She smiled at him amidst her pleasure and beckoned him with her sparkling blue eyes to take her friend from behind. Jason needed no more encouragement.

Lily was playfully flicking Janice' clit between her teeth when she felt Jason's broad hands caressing her ass and hips. She was about to pause and look back to ask him to fuck her when she felt his hot, hard cock sliding into her. She moaned as the first cock she'd had in her in months filled her pussy and she thrust back to push it in further, contracting her vaginal muscles around it and sighing happily, nuzzling her face fully against Janice' femininity. 

Jason held in place for a long moment, feeling this unfamiliar, but inviting warmth and softness pulse around his sensitive rod. He took a deep breath and held it for a moment as his body shuddered slightly. His eyes then found Janice' again and they smiled together. Lily finally raised her head and looked over her shoulder at Jason, her face moist with his girlfriend's sweet wetness. "Fuck me, Jason," she growled from her throat. "I haven't been fucked by a man in some time and I want to feel this cock Janice has been raving about. Fuck me hard."
