 "Mmmph.", I moaned, my mouth completely filled with the hard, throbbing member as I sucked it, my tongue working along the underside with horny zeal on it's way towards the tip. My head moved rhythmically back and forth as the head of his cock grazed my tonsils, then back out to the tip until my mouth was flooded with his thick, delicious cum. As I swallow, the man walks away and I open my mouth and stick out my tongue, awaiting the next hard cock to suck...

My name is Mei, and this is the story of my quest to be the greatest cocksucker in the world.

What started as a moment of teenage experimentation became a lifelong passion for me. I love nothing more than to suck cock, many cocks one after another after another. I'm the greatest cocksucker in the world and I have devoted my life to proving it.

It started in my Senior year in high school. Growing up, I was always a littledifferent than the other kids, being the daughter of a Chinese immigrant and a third generation German woman. I was the only student at my school that had any kind of Asian ancestry and it made me stick out like a sore thumb. Despite the fact that I was rather popular (I was a cheerleader for 3 of my 4 years in high school), I never really felt like I belonged around them. I was always different to them and there was little I could do to change that.

I was especially popular with the guys. I inherited my father's brown eyes and black hair, my skin was slightly darker than my peers, with a light, silky tan. I inherited the rest of my looks from my mother, though, including my height (which contributed to long, slender legs that I am quite proud of) and my breasts, C-cup breasts that I would occasionally try to cover up since they drew too much attention. Despite this fact I never had a real boyfriend until my Senior year.

His name was Paul. He was the quarterback for the local football team and I was more than a little smitten with his blond hair and toned physique. He was attractive and cool and popular, and all of the girls wanted him, so when he asked me out I jumped at the chance and I felt like I was on top of the world.

It wasn't long until he pressured me for sex. We went to a drive-in movie for our first date, and he constantly would grope my breasts through my sweater. I told him that I wasn't ready to give up my virginity yet, but I didn't want to make him mad at me and dump me for a girl that would put out. So when he pointed down to his crotch and put his hand on the back of my head, I gave in and bent across his lap, burying my head between his thighs.

One hand held my head down as the other moved under my skirt to explore my thighs and ass. The smell of his sex was strong as I undid his pants, the bulge within waiting to leap into my mouth. I freed it from it's cloth prison and looked upon a real cock for the first time, less than 2 inches from my face.

"Lick the head", he instructed, and my tongue jutted out sheepishly towards the bulbous mass. I was a little scared but I wanted to do what he wanted and make him happy. With the first touch of my tongue, I fell in love with it: the smell, the salty taste of his hot, throbbing, turgid flesh, the texture of his member as the smooth head contrasted with the rougher flesh of the shaft, the taste of the first forming drops of his precum that greeted me on my tongue's first journey across a man's cock. I delighted as even the slightest motion of my tongue made his entire body react, as his cock throbbed in unison to my licking, his legs squirmed and his throat let out a gutteral, low moan of satisfaction. My tongue moved all around the head, licking the precum from the tip, all the way across and down the shaft, along the underside and across his balls.

"Oh, fuck yeah", he said under his breath. "Kiss the shaft", he commanded, and I did just as he asked, running my full lips along each side, letting my tongue gently flitter in unison as I did so.

"Now suck that cock" he demanded, his hand pushing down on the back of my head. My lips parted as the head slipped past them, the shaft parting my lips more and more as he pushed it into my mouth. He instructed me to keep my teeth free as I began to suck, up and down, my head bobbing in his lap. The skill seemed to come so naturally to me, as if I was predestined to suck cock and that it was my purpose in life to do so. My teeth never touched his cock as I worked, sucking down about 5 and a half inches of his member all the way to the base and back down again. The car filled with the sound of slurping and groaning as my head followed the guidance of his firm hand.

He announced that he was coming and I was prepared for it. With a groan his throbbing cock filled my mouth with it's creamy offering. It was the most delicious, delectable, most satisfying taste I had ever experienced. I gulped down the entire load hungrily, sucking for more and more and more until he begged me to take his cock out of my mouth. I looked up at him, grinning, a small streak of his cum dangling from my lips and onto my chin.

"Oh my god, baby. You are a natural cocksucker".

After he said that, I eagerly let him fuck me in my pussy and ass. He took all three of my viriginities that night and with each fucking I would beg him to come in my mouth so I could taste his nectar once more.

After that night, I sucked his cock daily, sometimes 2 or three times a day. All he had to do was to tell me to get on my knees, or to simply point to his crotch and I would immediately do as he commanded, my sucking following the guidance of his hand and swallowing the load. I took great care to do it exactly the way he wanted me to every time. My mouth, pussy and ass were at his beck and call at any time and I loved every second of it, especially the blowjobs. He would make me blow him in his car, in the bathrooms of public places (including at school) and he would bend me over the hood of his car and fuck me. He seemed to delight on making me kneel down in the hard pavement or in soft grass to blow him so that the tell-tale signs would be visible on my knees. I always did, happily, and if people asked about it I told them the truth. I had no shame about what I was doing and could not have been happier with the relationship.

My foray into blowing groups of guys happened after we'd been dating for about 2 months. One night after a big football game, I went to meet Paul behind the quad, the way I always did so I could kneel in front of him and blow him before he gave me a ride home. Tonight we ran late and I didn't even have time to change out of my cheerleader uniform. When I got there, Paul was already waiting there with 3 of his friends from the football team. He was laughing and making head bobbing motions with his hand. I knew that Paul bragged about me and my cocksucking abilities, and I didn't mind. Actually, I liked the attention I got from guys when they would give me when I walked out of the boy's bathroom wiping my mouth. They knew what I was doing and I knew that they fantasised about them being the guy I was blowing in the bathroom. Little did I know at the moment that I would grant them that wish.

"Hey Mei", Paul greeted me with a smirk. His friends all gave me the lusty once-over and I could tell what was on their minds. "I was just telling the boys here what a great cocksucker you are. You love to suck cock, don't you?"

I blushed a little at Paul's boldness in front of his friends. I was a bit surprised that he would say something like that in front of his friends, but I figured that he was just trying to show off for them, and I didn't want to do anything to make him mad. So I answered him truthfully.

"Yes. Yes, I do. More than anything else in the entire world."

The guys began to make dirty comments about what I said, their lusting eyes staring at me hungrily, like they were lions and I was a stray gazelle.

"Say it. Say how much you love it." Paul demanded. I could not say no to him.

"I love to suck cock. More than anything else in the world."

The guys all begain snickering and making lewd comments. Paul turned to them and said "watch this" to his friends. My knees became weak with excitement and my panties were completely drenched with the possibility of what was going to happen.

"Why don't you get on your knees right here and demonstrate for everybody?"

My head spinning with excitement, I did not hesitate to walk over to him, dropping to my knees in the damp grass and undo his pants. The assembled guys fell silent as I undid his fly, reached in and pulled out his very hard cock. My tongue ran along the head, slowly working along the underside down to his balls, as I slowly licked the length all the way back up before sliding it into my mouth. He placed both hands on the back of my head and I followed their rhythm with my head. First he pushed it down slowly as I let the entire length slide down my gullet across my tongue and into my throat.

"Suck slowly, show them how fucking good you are." he ordered. Naturally I did as he wished, deep throating the entire length of his member, taking long slow strokes all the way to the tip and then back down again. My mouth made a slow, wet slurping sound with every motion as I moaned in delight at the taste and the texture.

I opened my eyes and looked over to Paul's friends. All of them were stroking their own cocks through their pants as they watched me blow thier friend. The thought of blowing my boyfriend in public in front of his friends made my pussy churn out of control as I started to rub myself through my panties. 

Paul eventualy reached a violent climax and I of course swallowed every drop. As I started to stand up again, Paul put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me back down to my knees.

"You're not done yet." he said as he stepped away from my kneeling form.

By now I had noticed that Paul's friends were grinning and undoing their pants. My heart raced with fear and excitement. I had never had sex with anyone other than Paul before, and now suddenly I was going to blow him and three of his friends one after the other. I dared not do as Paul wanted and make him unhappy with me. Besides, I loved giving head more than anything and the thought of blowing 4 guys made me even hornier.

The next guy stepped up, fumbling with his zipper nervously. I looked up at him and could tell that he was nervous and horny. Reaching up, I moved his hands aside and calmly undid his pants for him. The bulge in them was obvious and I reached into his boxers to pull out his cock, which throbbed with anticipation in my hand. Without wasting another second, I guided it into my mouth with my hand, slowly taking it down to the base until his pubes tickled my nose, sucking all the way back to the tip and down again.

"Yeah, suck that cock" he said to me, his nervousness now replaced by confidence and lust. His hands guided the back of my head steadily as I blew him until he eventually filled my mouth with his creamy seed. I tilted my head back and swallowed it right down, opening my mouth and sticking out my tongue in preparation for the next cock. 

I didn't have to wait long. The next guy placed the hot, throbbing head of his cock on my outstretched tongue. I sealed my lips around the head and moved my head forward to engulf the turgid offering, sucking with fervent zeal. The guy let out a long, labored groan of gratification as I did so, moving his hand to the back of my neck for control. His other hand moved down to explore my breast, roughly pinching my nipple through my cheerleader's uniform. I took milking strokes as I worked my tongue along the underside, his member throbbing with every stroke.

"Man, you were not kidding. Your girlfriend here gives amazing head." he called out. My head pumped back and forth rapidly as his cum flooded into my mouth with finality. His load was bigger than the other two, and a drop of it ran down my lips and onto my chin. I swallowed what remained and then licked the remainder from the tip of his cock, as he demanded of me. 

My open mouth was filled with the last of the four cocks. This one was larger than the rest, maybe 8 inches in length I gagged slightly, my face turning red as I struggled to take the entire length of this cock. My throat relaxed as if by instinct, allowing his cock to slide gingerly down my waiting throat. Before I knew it I had all 8 inches in my mouth and down my throat, his balls dangling lewdly from my chin.

"Holy shit, I had no idea she could do that.", Paul said in astonishment. "I wonder how many cocks she sucks when I'm not around." The truth of the matter is I was faithful to him, but I constantly thought about it when he wasn't around.

I gave this cock the same treatment as the others, slowly working all the way back to the tip and back down again, creating a delicate suction while sliding my tongue back and forth underneath his cock. It took me longer than the others but eventually my mouth was rewarded for it's work with the nectar that it craved, and I ravenously devoured all that was offered to me.

After I had finished, I looked up at the guys who were all congratulating each other. Paul walked over to me and petted me on the head. "You did good, baby." he said to me, and that made me smile knowing that I did.

On the ride home, I sat in the back seat between two of the guys I had just blown. They told me I was hot and that I gave great head, which made me feel good. I let them play with my breasts and thighs and eventually my head was bobbing in their laps again. I managed to finish off one of the boys and was working on the other one when the car stopped. Instead of taking me home, Paul had brought us over to his house, where he and his friends took turns fucking me and making me blow them.

That night was only the beginning. After that, Paul lent me out to his friends on a regular basis, telling me to blow them. I did what I was told and I loved it. I was addicted to not just cocksucking but the attention I got from the boys I blew. By this point I was more like Paul's toy than his girlfriend, as he was even dicating what I wore. He made me wear the sluttiest clothes I could get away with at school, miniskirts with tight tops and high heels. On the weekends he would throw parties where he would invite maybe four or five of his friends and have me bring them beers and blow them while they sat on the couch. Paul would make me wear bikinis, sometimes tell me to wear my cheerleader outfit or sometimes simply naked. They would watch football or sometimes a porno and I would blow them, one after the other, shifting on my knees from cock to cock. On occasion Paul would let his friends fuck me, which I also loved, especially after giving 10 or so blowjobs and I was hornier than hell. I was completely submissive and under Paul's control but I loved every second of it.

As one could expect, all of my female friends turned away from me in disgust. They would call me things like "cunt", "slut", "cocksucker' or "whore", but I didnt' really care. The girls on the cheerleading team refused to participate in any of the routines with me, so I was forced to quit the squad. I didn't care anymore though, since I didn't need to be a cheerleader to get the guys to notice me, I had the mouth that was sucking all of their cocks.

After graduation, Paul and I stopped dating. We were both going on to seperate colleges and it was impossible for us to keep in touch. He had a football scholarship which took him across the country and I ended up going to State. I was on my own for the first time and I saw it as a chance for me to concentrate on my education and put my wild past behind me. It was a fresh start, I hadn't blown any of the guys at this school and none of the girls knew about my old lifestyle. For a time I was determined to change direction in my life. 

And it worked, for a time. But after about 2 weeks I began to crave the feeling of a hard cock in my mouth, the feel of a throbbing head nestled in my throat against my tonsils. I began to need the white nectar that a cock spewed in gratitude for a blowjob. I would see guys walking around campus and I would just stare at their groins, imagining myself kneeling in front of them sucking their rigid cocks to completion. I needed to. I had to.

I got my chance when I heard from one of my girlfriends in my dorm told me about a frat party, and that all girls were invited to go. She needed someone to go with and it didn't take much convincing to get me to go. This was the chance I was waiting for. I knew that if I went, it would irrevocably change my relationship with my girlfriends and my reputation on campus but I didn't care. I had a need to suck cock that was going to be sated tonight one way or another.

I got tarted up for the party, just like I would when I dated Paul. I had a tight pink blouse that I tied into a midriff, the knot resting just under my breasts. I didn't wear a bra, and only one button was buttoned on the blouse, which made my breasts almost spill out of the already struggling fabric. I put on a very tight pair of Daisy Dukes that I cut so short that my ass hung out of them. On my feet was a pair of black boots with 6 inch heels that Paul bought for me at a fetish shop. For convenience I put my hair into 2 braided pigtails. My girlfriend said that my outfit was "cute" but I don't think she thought I looked very cute later on that night.

As soon as I arrived, I broke away from my girlfriend and went looking for cocks to suck. All of the guys leered at me and I didn't do anything to discourage it either. I made sure to bend down a lot so that they got a good glimpse of my tits and ass. I finally settled on my first marks for the night; three guys sitting on a couch drinking beer out of some plastic cups. All of them were muscular and athletic and my mouth salivated at the thought of blowing them. Working up the courage, I made my move, sitting on the arm of the couch and seductively crossing my legs in the face of one of the guys. He looked over and took a good long look of my heeled legs right in his face and his friends followed suit, their eyes glued to my breasts and to my legs. I knew they were getting stiff in their pants with me just sitting there. 

"Hi", I said, coyly. "My name is Mei. I'm a freshman this semester." I brought one finger to my lips as I bounced slightly in place. The guys shifted in their seats in discomfort from their erections.

"What's your major?", the guy asked while eyeing my thighs up and down. A feeble attempt to break the ice and I knew these three were just too horny to take the initiative. So I made it easy for them.

"Cocksucking. With a minor in swallowing." I said as I nibbled the end of my finger "And I'm very far behind in my homework. I was wondering if the three of you would help me study?"

The three boy's jaws simply dropped. I know that they werent' expecting me to say anything like that. I crossed my legs again until finally the boy in the middle chimed in with a "Fuck yes!" I took it upon myself to take the initiative after that, licking my lips and sliding off of the arm of the couch onto my knees, burying my head in the lap of the first guy on the couch.

His excitement was obvious from the bulge outlined in his pants. I freed it from it's denim confinement and immediately ran my tongue up and down the underside of his cock. The taste, the smell, the feel of it on my tongue was exactly what I'd been craving for months and without warning I hungrily devoured his cock in a moment of raw, primal cock worship, allowing it to slide all the way down. He didn't last long at all, quickly filling my mouth with his white gold, which I immediately consumed as if I'd been deprived of water. Without missing a beat, I shifted on my knees to the next one on the couch, who had been kind enough to take his cock out of his pants for me. It curved upward slightly and the head glistened invitingly.
