 Not completely convinced that what was happening to him was real Brent still dug his fingers into the nice tight ass sitting on his face, lapping the hell out of the hot little pussy pressed to his mouth. Although the feel of the tight hot cunt wrapped around his cock, was enough alone, to make him come with the power of a freight train. 

All he knew was that he was safe inside and out of the storm, and getting the ride of his life with two hot little beauties intent on making all his dreams come true. Identical twins - gorgeous slender, beautifully stacked dark-haired babes who it seemed to love to fuck - what more could a guy wish for? 

Letting go of the lush ass with one hand, he reached up and cupped one nice round breast that more than filled his palm. He groaned against the delectable pussy on his face as he tugged an erect nipple, twisting it between his fingers, smiling as she squealed with delight, riding his mouth even harder. 

And the one slamming his cock was really picking up speed, punishing his cock with her cunt. Soon they'd all be coming, and coming hard if the desperate moans and whimpers he was hearing was any indication, never mind the tell-tale tingling running along his spine straight to his throbbing balls. He was already groaning deep, his dick buried so nice and tight in one hot little cunt, while his mouth was filling almost to overflowing with the other cunt's tasty juices. Damn, maybe crashing his car had been a blessing in disguise, since he'd still be out trying to navigate in the snowstorm, instead of being nice and warm and playing out every last one of his kinky fantasies, thanks to these two insatiable little vixens. 

Soon the conga line of orgasms started when one on his face began to shudder first, desperately tugging his hair between her fingers as she ground her hot, dripping little pussy hard against his mouth. Hungrily lapping up all she had to give him as fast as he could, he could feel the one riding his cock shift up straighter, as her pussy began to squeeze tight around his cock. And tipping his head, he got quite an eyeful. Hands on her breasts, twisting her nipples hard, head thrown back, long dark hair trailing down her back, mouth open and desperately panting as she rapidly pumped up and down on him, he could feel her pussy pulsing and clenching hard around his cock as she came all around it, so insanely hard, he thought she'd collapse from the power of it. His balls ready to burst, he thrust up as hard and fast as he could, doing his best to fuck her right back, till the welcome feeling of relief raced through him and he came with a bang, filling her tight little cunt so full, he soon felt the heat of his seed running out of her quivering pussy, and trickling over his balls. 

Fuck, what a wild ride - taking care of two hot needy cunts at once. His head still might be aching after the accident, but damn, this sure was helping to get his mind off wiping out in that ditch. 

Spent and panting both girls collapsed on him at once, the one on his face wrapping her tits around his head as she hugged him and softly moaned her pleasure, and damn he couldn't think of a nicer way to lose his vision than by being blinded by a pair of beautiful big breasts. 

Finally, all of them fighting to breathe, they rolled off him, and already he missed the feel and warmth of his new little bed mates. But thankfully they didn't go far. Rolling onto either side of him, the one who'd been riding his mouth, reached up and wiped some of the wetness from his chin and quietly asked, "You okay?" 

Rolling his eyes, fuck, okay was way too inadequate a word for what he was feeling right now. With the two of them willing to take care of him like this, while they rode out the storm, he felt so fucking fantastic, he wanted to pound on his chest and bellow like freaking Tarzan sure he had to be the luckiest fucking bastard on the entire planet. Like winning some kind of erotic lottery, he couldn't believe his luck, winding up with these two horny little beauties to see to his every need.  

Pressing grateful kisses to the top of both their heads, Brent closed his eyes and hugged them to his side, hating to relinquish the feel of them, even for a minute. And already he knew, the minute they were recovered enough to go again, they'd be right back at it. And amazingly, just thinking about what kinky things they might have in store for him next, had his dick already twitching. 

But when all of them began to tiredly yawn, the one on his right, Kaylee, he thought her name was, reached down and pulled the comforter over them, intent it seemed to spend the night with him, all snuggled in tight, just three happy little fuck buddies nestled in nice and close in one big bed. 

Fuck, it all seemed so unreal he still could barely wrap his head around it. 

And when they awoke in the morning - no surprise - his cock was already hard as a brick, pressed into the crack of Kaylee's ass, while the other twin was wound tightly around him from behind, her nice soft breasts cushioned against his back. Talk about a perfect way to wake up, wrapped up tight in two beautiful naked women, which had to be the greatest feeling ever. Pressing his lips to Kaylee's back he smiled when she moaned, and reached around and began to stroke him in her hand. 

And damn, if it wasn't on again. But then he heard the quiet buzz of his phone and he groaned - probably his cousin trying to figure out where he was. If he only knew what they were up to, he'd be over here so fast, their heads would spin. 

The twin behind him, Kimberly, kindly reached down and lifted his coat off the chair by the bed and handed it to him. Plucking his phone from his pocket, and checking the screen, he could see it was his cousin Joe alright. And when he answered the first thing he heard was, "Finally you answer your fucking phone? I've been texting you like crazy since last night. Where the hell are you? You had us worried sick, you asshole." 

Not too surprised he hadn't heard the soft buzz of his phone with all the kinky shit they'd been up to, chuckling, Brent said, "Gee, thanks for your concern, pal. Actually I'm okay. I slid into a ditch in the storm, but lucky for me, two very nice ladies came to my rescue, and I'm now safe and warm with them." He smiled at both of them as he said that, and they both flashed him naughty matching grins. 

"Oh, sorry about your car, but I'm glad to hear you're okay. So, when the weather lets up, you want me to come and get you and see about getting your car out?" 

"Sure. But don't rush." 

His cousin laughed. "So, what do these ladies look like?" 

Brent glanced from one gorgeous brunette to the other, he told him, "You wouldn't believe me if I told you." 

"So, you're saying they're hot?" 

"Yeah, like incendiary." 

"Wow. Lucky you." 

"Believe me, you have no idea." 

"Wait. Are you trying to tell me you got lucky with the two of them already?" 

Brent chuckled. "Yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying." 

"Fuck me." 

"Funny, but that's exactly what they've been doing to me since I got here." 

"Jesus. You sure you want me to come get you?" 

As Kim began to get restless, ready for some action, she bent and licked his nipple, while Kaylee slid down the bed and circled him in her palm, and then wrapped her lips around his cock and began to suck him back, teasing the hell out of him with her tongue. Brent's eyes instantly rolled back in his head as his pulse began to quicken. His breath becoming choppy, as his cock grew thick, he groaned, as he muttered quickly to his cousin, "Actually, if you want to wait till spring, I think I'd be good with that. Oh, Jesus. They're starting again. I'd better go. Call you later, buddy." 

"Are you fucking with me, Brent?" 

"No, but they're both fucking with me now, so see you later." Then he hung up and tossed his phone aside, so he could run his hands over the head of the one who was sucking so insanely hard on his cock, while the one grazing his nipples with her teeth, seemed to be just begging for him to slide his fingers into her nice hot cunt, with the way it was sliding so invitingly along his hip. 

Damn, if he didn't have a job to get back to he'd be tempted to end his days here. Enjoying the fuck out of these two little nymphos, till he breathed his last dying breath. And the way they were going at him that could come soon. He grinned, just like he was about to do, come right into the little teases's mouth if she kept on sucking him off like that. Dropping his head back on the pillow he slammed his eyes shut. Fuck, this was crazy. Being sucked off first thing in the morning, with two fingers deep in another hot little pussy was one hell of a way to wake up. 

And good lord, did the one on his cock ever know how to give head. Lapping, sucking, licking, running her tongue down over his balls, and sucking those back into her mouth, too, holy shit, he'd never felt anything quite like it. And the pussy he was working with his fingers, was making noise now too, it was so fucking wet he could hear it. Too damn bad he didn't have two cocks to take care of them both - but no sooner had he thought that, when he felt something long and hard being pressed into his hand. Opening his eyes and looking down, he could see it was a dildo. A big, black, long thick one, perfect for fucking a hot, wet little pussy into an orgasm. 

Rearranging themselves on the bed, the one on his cock, let go of him with an audible pop, and backed up on the bed, smiling over her shoulder as she made her intent clear, spreading her legs wide over his head and sinking her hot little pussy onto his face as she reached for his cock again, for a kinky little session of sixty-nine. And as she re-filled her mouth with his hard, wet cock, he lapped into the heat of her pussy, his hand feeling around for the other one's cunt that was already packed tight with the dildo. So, doing his best to work the dildo in and out of her while eating into the hot little piece of heaven pressed against his mouth, his eyes rolled back farther than they'd ever rolled from the insanely intense suction being applied to his throbbing cock. Damn, she probably could suck the chrome off a bumper she was just so fucking good at giving head. Cripes, he'd been sucked off before, but it had never been anywhere near as nut-clenching as what she was doing to him now. The girl could give classes in how to suck off a cock. And the way her sister was whimpering he could tell she was getting close, now, too. Working the one of his left's clit with his thumb as he feasted on the other cunt draped over his face, he knew they'd all be coming soon, and damn if this wasn't one hell of a fucking way to start the day. 

And to think he could have been left stranded in a ditch all this time, freezing his ass off, or been picked up by some old farmer, who'd give him nothing more than an empty bed to sleep in, and maybe a bite to eat. 

But with these two, he'd been lucky enough to feast on two hot little cunts and get his rocks off in the most spectacular ways he'd ever imagined - and damned if his balls weren't tightening, and ready to give up another hot load, straight into the little beauties mouth. 

Kim, with the long, thick dildo sliding in and out of her, was squealing good and loud as she began to come on his hand, and the way her sister was moaning and rocking her pussy on his face, Brent could already feel her juices beginning to fill his mouth as she really began to get off on him tongue-fucking the hell out of her. Then in one loud groan filled minute they all came at once, Kim grinding on his hand, the dildo rocketing in and out of her cunt at lightning speed since she'd taken to working herself, Kaylee smashing her dripping pussy against his mouth as she moaned deep, and him shooting load after load of hot come straight down her throat as she milked him dry with her amazingly talented mouth. Fighting to breathe, dammit to hell, if he thought last night was the hottest thing he'd ever experience, he had another think coming. Seemed it just kept getting hotter with these two - like burn the place down hot. 

He still couldn't believe how lucky he was to meet a pair of girls like these, who seemed to have no boundaries. So, it seemed the sky was the limit with these two horny little sweethearts, and he could probably count on draining his balls non-stop till the storm finally passed, which could be a long ways away. Fingers crossed. 

Grinning at each other as they fought to catch their breath, Brent pulled them up till he had them both pressed to his chest. What a feeling, four nice big tits crushed against him, and two nice wet pussies pressed to his thighs. Fuck, talk about a dream come true. And it took a while for any of them to move, which was fine with Brent, since he couldn't get over the feel of holding two gorgeous naked women in his arms. 

But finally the girls sat up and both kissed his cheeks, telling him in one voice, "You stay right here, and we'll get you some breakfast." 

After watching their nice tight asses sashay out of the room, with all that long dark hair gliding along their bare backs, Brent tucked his hands behind his head, looked up at the ceiling and contentedly sighed. Could be he really had died and this was heaven or Nirvana or whatever the place was called where nothing but good things ever happened. Because these two finding him out in the storm and taking care of him like this, was almost too good to be true. 

And it didn't take long till they were back, thankfully still delightfully naked. Full breasts bouncing as they strode back to the bed, bare pussies looking a little pink from the rough workout they'd gotten, both carrying trays full of some pretty tempting looking food, his mouth was watering, but he wasn't sure if it was more for a taste of those nice big tits or the amazing smell of the breakfast they were carrying in. 

After placing a napkin around his neck the one on his right, Kaylee, lifted a glass of orange juice to his lips and helped him drink - and damned if being waited on by these two naked beauties didn't feel pretty incredible, too. 

Finally, insisting he could feed himself, he took a plate and began to savor the soft scrambled eggs with a hint of melted cheddar cheese running through them, along with a few slices of perfectly cooked bacon and warm buttered toast. Glancing at them as they ate, he thought: All of his favorites, how the hell could they know? 

But of course they knew just what he liked in bed, too, which was pretty much everything they'd done to him. So, either this really was a dream, or they were some kind of clairvoyants, and kinky hot ones, too. 

As they dug in, Kim reached for the remote and turned on the wall-mounted T.V. Quietly finishing their breakfast together, they watched the coverage of the storm still pounding the area outside, and it still sounded pretty bad. So, it seemed they'd be hanging out together for at least the next day or two. And as he drank his perfectly brewed coffee, Brent smiled to himself, glad that he'd have a chance to show his appreciation for the excellent way they'd been taking care of his needs - every last one of them - and plenty of ideas how to do that. 

Finally, once they were done eating, and most of the mess was cleared away, he looked from one to the other and said, "Well I want to thank you both for helping me out and taking such good care of me. If you hadn't come along, I don't know what would have happened to me." 

Kaylee shivered, just thinking about him stranded alone out in that ditch. And she was so darn glad she saw him lose control, so she was right there to help him. Getting up on her knees and brushing a lock of dark hair back off his forehead, she said, "I'm just glad I was out clearing the snow when you crashed. And believe me we're more than happy to take care of you, Brent." 

Kim nodded in agreement and bent and pressed a kiss to his lips, murmuring, "Believe it or not, you kind of rescued us, too. It's lonely living out here, so you're like a dream come true for two girls like us." 

Two horny girls like them. Brent reached out and stroked both their cheeks with the back of his hands, still amazed at their likeness. Identical twins who were both beautiful, built like a dream and so willing to please, man he really had lucked out crashing his car near their place. 

"So, what do you girls do for a living?" he asked them, as he finished the last of his coffee. 

"Well, since it's so remote out here, we both work from home," Kim explained. "We sell stuff online for people who don't know how to do it themselves, and we also transcribe records for different hospitals. We do okay, and the bonus is, we don't have to dress for work or commute anywhere, which saves us a lot of money." She grinned coyly. "And in the summer, we seldom wear any clothes at all, since it's just us here." 

He blinked when he heard that. Fuck, he'd have to come back and see that, the pair of them working at their computers, buck-ass naked, would be quite the sight. Then he shook his head. What was he thinking - he had them naked and in bed with him right now. And damn talk about an eyeful, just the sight of those nice big tits alone, was enough to get him hard all over again. 

"So what do you do for a living?" Kaylee asked, curling in nice and tight to his side, already tracing a fingernail around his nipple, getting it erect, too. 

Sucking in a steadying breath, he said, "I buy and sell property. Fix them up and sell them for a profit. My cousin, Joe, you just phoned, works with me. It can be hard, back-breaking work, but we enjoy it." 

Kim grinned, reaching for his hand, seductively murmuring, "You know, I like a man who's good with his hands." 

Kaylee got on her side and smiled into his eyes, tracing a finger around his well-shaped lips, as she said, "And good with his mouth, too." 

His cock had already been at half-staff, just looking at them, but now it was creating a pretty impressive tent under the bedding as they played with him. Fuck, could these two get any hotter? 

Then of course, just as things were heating up, his fucking phone rang again. And no big surprise, it was his cousin Joe. "Hey, I'm getting on my snowmobile and I'm coming to see how you are. I'm thinking you might have hit your head the way you were talking. So, just tell me where you are, and I'll be there as soon as I can." 

Rolling his eyes skyward, Brent couldn't understand why he wouldn't leave him in peace. With the storm still raging, the three of them were just fine. And he didn't really need anyone to check up on him - or interrupt his fun. "I'm fine. And you don't need to come out here, Joe, it's not safe." 

"Who's that?" Kim asked. 

"My cousin, Joe," he told her. 

She flashed a naughty grin. "Well, if he's willing to brave the storm, tell him he's more than welcome to join in the fun." 

"You hear that?" Brent asked, "Kim says if you're crazy enough to want to drive out here in this weather, than she'd be happy to have you join us." 

"Fuck, then I'll be there just as fast as I can." 

Once Kim had given him directions, he hung up and tossed away his phone. And after checking to see that Brent was steady enough on his feet to make it into the bathroom, the girls walked him into the ensuite off Kaylee's bedroom and left him to take care of the call of nature on his own. But they didn't leave him long, returning with big warm fluffy towels, fresh from the drier, insisting they give him a shower, since they were all pretty sweaty and sticky. And he couldn't see any reason to refuse, especially since the glass-encased shower was plenty big enough to hold the three of them. 

They started off by turning on the water, and once it was nice and warm, smiling into his eyes, they walked him in, each one taking hold of his hands, and then after wetting him down they filled two sponges with body wash and began to wash him from head to toe - taking extra care to clean his now rock hard cock and aching balls. His breath nearly seizing in his throat, once they'd rinsed him off, he watched wide-eyed as the pair of them dropped to their knees and began to lavish his cock with their attention. Kaylee dipping her head, sucking his balls into her mouth, and rolling them with her tongue, while her sister Kim drew his shaft all the way back in her throat, deep-throating the fuck out of his cock. Damn, he'd never seen anything hotter in his life than two gorgeous women sucking him off at once. Groaning deep as they took their sweet time, expertly working his cock, as incredible as it felt, now that he was on his feet again, he knew what he really wanted was to sink his cock into both their cunts, and fuck the living shit out of them. 
