 Fuck she was horny. She was desperate for a fuck...she used her vibrators daily but it had been weeks since she had a thick hard cock in her pussy...she could feel her pussy throb as she imagined the feel of the initial impalement: her outer lips goaded to part by a silken mushroomed cockhead as it nosed its way inward with exquisite slowness, compelling her snug inner walls to become accustomed to its shafts' thickness so that its full length could be thrust repeatedly to the hilt, its ball sac bouncing off her sensitive perineum allowing her slick innermost walls to greedily milk the shank of its load as they both reached nirvana.

She pulled off the deserted road and frantically masturbated and within minutes she orgasmed, her slick pussy trickling love juice onto her fingers. So lost was she in the moment she failed to notice the camper van pull up behind her. By the time she had regained her senses the male driver had reached her window taking in the scene before him: her legs were splayed open, the fingers of one hand about to be licked while her other hand was idly pulling on a thick cherry shaped nipple. His breath caught in his throat as he was about to ask her if she needed a hand. She smiled slowly as she noticed the slight bulging at his crutch level. 

"Lady you okay?" he managed to stutter just as the idiocy of the question hit him. She laughed as she finished cleaning her fingers. 

"Much better than I was a couple minutes ago! Fingers are good but a hard cock is better- want to oblige?" 

He swallowed hard and with no stammer in sight he replied. "Sure! Come on back to the van! I gotta tell you though my brother's back there too." He pulled her door open watching her legs as she exited the car. 

"Honey the more the merrier!" He walked back to the van with her and smiled at his brother as he opened the door.

"Hey Peewee everything okay?" he asked as he stepped down. 

"Tamer this lady was just telling me she was up for a party!" 

"Come on in!" Tamer said eagerly holding the door open for them- he had always wanted to be involved in a threesome. Entering the van she had a brief moment of concern but her insatiable need to be fucked overrode common sense. 

"Wanna beer?" Peewee asked her as she sized them up. 

"Maybe later cos right now I'm ready to party!" she declared as she pulled her shirt off and slipped out of her skirt and obviously damp thong. 

Tamer grinned as he opened a drawer and pulled out a box of rubbers. "Momma always taught us to be prepared!" he smirked. Both the brothers' crotches were beginning to tent. 

"Bed's this way" he said turning to lead her to the rear of the van. Tamer shucked his shirt off as Peewee made sure the entry door was locked. 

The bedroom housed two king beds and she threw herself on one. Right now she wasn't in the mood for any kissing, fellatio or cunnilingus: that could happen later. She simply wanted to get fucked and told the boys directly. They quickly finished stripping and looked at each other deciding who'd go first: Tamer handed his boner sporting brother a rubber. Her eyes widened as she got her first look at Peewee's penis. Holy fuck he was massive! 

"Now I know why they call you Peewee! Just go easy!" she said huskily as he settled himself between her splayed legs. He bent his head to her breasts and pulled and sucked on her nipples. If there was one thing Peewee was a sucker for it was a woman with oversized nipples. She ran her hands over his back as he continued his nipple play. She moaned as his sheathed cockhead jutted her pussy- she begged him to fuck her, out of her mind with lust. He teased her now very wet cunt opening with his cockhead and let her nipple fall from his mouth. She lifted her legs in the air as he prepared to enter her. She cried out softly as her vagina struggled to accommodate the biggest cock she'd ever had. Slowly Peewee thrust in and out, grunting each time he plunged into her tight cunt. He gradually see-sawed his hips until he was able to fully bury his cock. He felt her climax causing them both to cry out. Her pussy clamped around his shaft so inflexibly that he had to stop his thrusting. 

She wrapped her legs around his back and urged him on. "Hard baby fuck me harder don't hold back". Peewee could feel his balls tighten but didn't want the fucking to end yet. She whimpered as he pulled out. 

"Ride me baby; let me see your titties bounce!" They scrambled into position. His cock was perpendicular to his hefty ball sac. She gave his balls a quick squeeze as she squatted over his considerable erection and slowly sank her pussy down. Despite her cunt having fully engulfed him just moments ago the going was startlingly gradual. After several minutes and two more orgasms she had again managed to fully sheath him. Peewee cupped her breasts as she began fucking him with long stokes. He reached up and sucked on a nipple while he played with the other. His nipple play tipped her over the edge and she cried out as she again orgasmed. When her pussy had stopped its vice like convulsions he ran his hands down to her hips. Gripping them tightly to keep her still, he began franticly pumping his cock close to orgasm himself. His thrusts were getting shorter as his balls tightened. She called out "Oh fuck I'm gonna cum" just as his balls emptied their load. Her vice like cunt milked his load and she collapsed spent on him.

After several minutes they both laughed as she slowly rolled off his semi hard cock being careful to hold the condoms base. "Holy fuck that was incredible!" she said as she looked over to Tamer. Her jaw dropped open when she looked at his penis. He was as thick as the soda can he was holding. Above average in length his girth was simply incredible! She watched mesmerized as he stretched the latex sheath over the bulbous head. She scrambled to get onto the other bed. 

Spreading her legs open to reveal her now red pussy and she licked her lips. "Christ that's definitely one pussy tamer you've got there! Just go real easy fucking me okay!" she panted. Tamer settled himself between her legs and stroked his rubbery cockhead over her slightly stretched cunt opening. Grinning slowly he manipulated his cockhead into her. Holy fuck- despite Peewee's balling she was still a very tight fit! They both grunted as he began fucking her- just a little over a third of his rod was all he could sink in. He was nothing if not disciplined when it came to fucking and knew if he could get her to orgasm she'd relax enough and allow him to go balls deep. 

Gradually he increased his pace as she moaned beneath him. Her ragged breathing signalled to him that she was close to cumming. He bent his head to suck in a rigid nipple, pulling and sucking on it as she called out in orgasm. So great were her cunt's convulsions around his throbbing shank he felt sure she'd snap his cock in half! Never had he felt a woman orgasm so hard around him-he'd fucked girls who had nothing on this wild filly under him! Once her climax ended her pussy slackened enough so half his rod was now sheathed inside her. 

Their bodies' slick with sweat, Tamer resumed his earnest pumping, fucking her with even hard thrusts. She wrapped her legs around his pistoning buttocks breathlessly urging him on- she wanted him fully buried in her and told him so, grunting out "more baby I want more of your cock!" as he pummelled her cunt. Within minutes of steadfast thrusting, she screamed out in orgasm lifting her legs high in the air tilting her pelvis forward. Her quivering cunt muscles sucked Tamer's pulsing rod in even further until his balls hit bottom. Grunting in pleasure, Tamer didn't hold back and fucked her hard, withdrawing his latex sheathed cock almost to the tip before cramming it all the way home. 

Tamer felt his own orgasm approaching and his thrusting became less measured and more frenzied. "Holy fuck I'm gonna cum!" he called out sweat dripping off his chin. Their sexes slapped against each other for several more thrusts until her cramping velvety inner cunt walls seized his shaft and drained his balls of their love juice. 

With shallow breaths he rolled off her, his cock still firm within the thin latex sheath. Peeling it off his cock he groaned as her hands gripped him gently masturbating him. She grinned as she sat up not letting go of her prize. Kissing him deeply her hands massaged him to hardness. Breaking the kiss she looked over at Peewee's straining erection. She was in cock heaven! "Round 2 boys! Come over here Peewee" she said patting the space next to his brother. She set about giving the boys blow jobs. She was like a kid in a candy store as she went from cock to cock, saliva running down her chin as she struggled to suck their large cocks down her throat. She eventually managed to get Peewee completely down her throat but Tamer's considerable girth made it impossible. When the boys were ready to cum, she took Peewee's sizeable load down her throat while Tamer sprayed thick ropes of creamy spunk over her tits and stomach.

Sometime later she woke up on her side to feel Peewee's hands squeezing her breasts and pulling on her nipples. Moaning softly she turned her head to kiss him. His fingers trailed down to her pussy, idly teasing her clit. After several minutes of tongue and clit play she felt his cock harden and lifted her leg allowing his rubbery cockhead to tease her slit. He broke the kiss and bent to take a nipple in his hot mouth as his cockhead slid in her hot slick love tunnel. She groaned softly as his large cockhead stretched her pussy lips apart. 

God it felt good and she told him so! He lifted his head from her nipple as his penis slid in a little more. The heat and silkiness of her cunt caused his breath to catch in his throat. He grunted as they slowly began fucking. Gradually her cunt acclimatised to his thickness and his thrusts went balls deep. He bent his head to her nipple and enthusiastically pulled and sucked as his fingers began teasing her clit. The combined nipple and clit play was too much for her and she cried out in orgasm. Her cries woke Tamer and he took in the sight before him: Peewee was tounging her thick nipple and his fingers were busy stimulating her clit. He could see the thick underside of his brother's bare cock as he slowly thrust in and out of her swollen pussy. He began masturbating himself as he watched her cum again. He could see Peewee's balls tighten as he approached his own orgasm. 

He wondered if she'd take the load in her cunt...the couple were softly moaning, kissing each passionately. "I'm gonna cum!" Peewee cried as he made to withdraw. "No baby cum inside me baby, fill me up with a huge load! Lube me up and make it easier for Tamer to fuck me!" she exclaimed as she climaxed hard on his cock. Peewee was balls deep in her convulsing cunt unable to pull out. "Holy fuck!" he cried as he emptied his balls in her now twitching cunt. He stayed in her for several minutes as his cock slowly softened. His spent cock slipped out of her puffy cunt as they kissed deeply. 

With her leg still partially raised Tamer could see his brother's sperm ooze from her well fucked pussy. Ending the kiss she looked at Tamer as he idly slid his foreskin back and forth over the head of his very large, very erect penis. Grinning at him lasciviously she said "Come fuck me baby". Reaching his hand out to her he helped her up and led her to the table. Leaning over it she spread her legs and groaning, he gripped his cock and lined up his throbbing cockhead with her slightly gaping cum dripping cunt. He eased his cockhead in and thanks to the large load left behind by his brother he easily sank in to his balls. She sighed as his fingers pulled on her rigid nipples and urged him to fuck her.

Continuing to play with her nipples with one hand, he tracked his other to her clit and began teasing it as he thrust powerfully in and out of her compliant pussy. "Oh fuck you're going to make me cum, I'm gonna cum, oh fuck!" she cried out as his skilful fingers gave her the release she wanted. 

He grunted as his cock was gripped by her strongly convulsing pussy "Fuck you cum hard!" he shouted. Panting as her climax finished she pushed back against him. He laughed amazed at her stamina; it always took him longer to cum after his first ejaculation and pulling out of her slippery cunt with a loud plop he assured her it would be a while yet before he'd cum. She turned to face him and placed the fingers of his hand coated in her juices in her mouth and licked them clean. He bent to kiss her before positioning her how he wanted her- arse resting on the table's edge and legs up over his shoulders. He eased himself in and began a slow balls deep fucking. She was moaning in his ear telling him how big and hard his cock was and how good it was making her feel. He pounded her cunt, sweat rolling of his chin until she screamed in orgasm twice more. 

Withdrawing his cock from her now pliant cunt, he helped her up. "How about Peewee empties his nuts down my throat while you empty yours in my pussy?" He couldn't believe what he was hearing! Laughing he looked over at Peewee who was sporting a hefty boner. 

"What do you reckon bro?" 

"Like I need to be asked twice!" Peewee laughed back. They scrambled back to the bed and after some kissing and sucking got into position. Tamer slid his penis into her welcoming pussy and after a few thrusts went once again balls deep. Peewee rubbed his spongy cockhead over her lips and she eagerly began sucking his mushroomed head. The brothers grinned at each other as they fucked this nympho from both ends. 

Every time Tamer thrust into her hot slick pussy she'd let out a little moan. And with each of those thrusts, her head plunged down on Peewee's flesh lollipop, pushing his cockhead deep down her throat. The two brothers got a hot rhythm going and soon Tamer could feel his balls begin to tighten. "I'm close bro" he panted as she swirled her tongue around and around the bulbous head of Peewee's cock, and backed up hard against Tamer's who was pumping unrelentingly from behind.

She languidly juggled Peewee's heavy ball sac while she teased the sensitive underside of his shaft. With a low groan Peewee pulled his cock out of her mouth with a little pop. Pulling on his dick vigorously a few times, he cried out loudly as he shot his load straight into her wide open mouth. He fell back onto the bed breathing heavily. "Holy fuck honey your mouth's almost as good as your pussy! Give her what she wants Tamer- empty your nuts in her!" 

Tamer was fucking her non-stop, his thrusts faster than ever as she screamed in orgasm. He reached forward and held her swaying tits as she came on his cock. He pulled on her long nipples as she cried out and picked up the rhythm when her vaginal muscles relaxed. He straightened up, fucking her fast. His balls were getting tighter, his thrusts shallower and his moans guttural as his climax fast approached. "Get ready baby cos I'm gonna dump a load!" he barked moments away from his own orgasm. 

He was raring to empty his balls and her lewd words of encouragement "Give me that cum baby! I want you to cum deep in my pussy! Cum hard baby and fill me up!" brought him over the edge. He gripped her hips hard, thrust deeply one last time and bellowed as his cock spewed his ejaculate deep in her twitching pussy.

Hours later, after some mind blowing cunnilingus from both the boys and another more temperate cream pie session, she thanked the boys and drove home the most sexually satisfied she'd ever been. She taken the boys numbers and was looking forward to another hook up in a few weeks- she only hoped her pussy would have fully recovered by then!