 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

*

Once all of Rob's cum had been cleaned off of Melinda's chest and she and Stefanie had shared a deep, wet kiss, I turned to grab my beer out of the kitchen and Rob reached into the cooler for a fresh one. Stefanie helped Melinda down off of her table and her skirt dropped down to cover her well-reamed pussy and round ass. I don't think any of us was quite sure what we were going to do next and were still just feeling a bit bemused by the whole episode when we heard a ruckus outside. We all headed over to the windows we'd been looking out earlier and saw the group of rowdies leaving Sarah's while being as loud, obnoxious and disrespectful as possible. The cops hadn't showed up after all, but these idiots seemed like they were still doing their best to attract them. I turned to Rob and Stefanie, saying I couldn't imagine what the apartment must look like, and Stefanie suggested that we go over and check on her, adding that we should probably get dressed first. Rob and I finished up our beers, then started gathering our scattered apparel.

We pulled our clothes back on, Melinda included, and grabbed a trash bag to clean up what the a-holes had dumped around the courtyard on their way out. A few minutes later, we were knocking on Sarah's door, but didn't wait for her to open it before walking in. She was on the floor, picking up pieces of something off of her living room carpet, and when she looked up to tell us that the party was over, it looked as though she was crying. We told her that we'd come over to help after we'd seen the revelers leaving from Melinda's apartment. Stefanie immediately began to help Sarah while I said I'd go take care of the kitchen and Melinda proved her mettle by offering to take on the bathroom. Rob made a circuit of the rest of the apartment to get a sense of what else needed attention, then started taking care of what he found.

It didn't take us too long to get the place looking normal again, though it likely would have taken Sarah a few hours by herself. We got the trash out to the dumpster and nothing too valuable or likely to be missed by Sarah's mom ended up in the bag, though there were a few broken things. After we each gave the place a final once over, checking for anything that we might have overlooked or that might have been intentionally hidden, we felt that the apartment was shipshape once again. Gathered back in the living room, Sarah told us that she didn't know how she could ever repay us for all of our help. I knew just from whispered conversations with my cohorts as we'd been cleaning that we were all in agreement that Sarah was looking ultimately hot that night. She was wearing a short skirt and a very snug top that showed off a rack that rivaled Melinda's. As such, my reply as I moved over toward her was that sometimes that is just what friends do and, as I helped her take a seat on the couch and started to slide her skirt up, I continued that sometimes this is what friends do.

I started kissing my way up her soft, smooth inner thighs while Stefanie, Rob and Melinda moved onto the couch around her and started kissing her and fondling her big breasts. When I reached her black panties, I pulled them aside and began to lick her dripping pussy while I notice her blouse being pulled up. I glanced up to see her bra go slack and be lifted above a pair of succulent breasts topped with large areolas and hard nipples. Both breasts were soon obscured by Rob's and Stefanie's heads as they leaned in to lick and suck her nipples. Melinda was positioned so that she could make out with Sarah while Sarah was fondling her big tits.

Sarah's pussy was juicy and sweet and, when I slipped a finger into it, I discovered that it was nice and snug, too. I knew I would be fucking her before the night was over, but I realized that I had no idea when she was expecting her mom to be home. I didn't think it would be in her best interest for her mom to walk in and find her half-naked being ravished by two guys and two girls. I figured we'd take her to an orgasm to get her spirits up, then drag her over to Melinda's and really have some fun with her. She was moaning enthusiastically and humping her hips toward my face, so I was thinking that it wouldn't be taking too long to get her there. I focused my efforts on licking and sucking her clit while slowly sliding my finger in and out of her pussy, which was becoming increasingly slick the longer I went on.

Sarah's light brown bush was more like Stefanie's than Melinda's; neatly groomed but with nothing shaved. What I had seen of it when I pulled her panties aside looked nice, but I was anxious to see the whole package in the buff. The faster she moved her hips and the harder she was breathing, the closer I could tell she was getting to a well-deserved orgasm. I was surprised that Rob hadn't pulled out his cock and slipped it into her mouth, but maybe he was just enjoying her big titties too much. I figured I'd find out soon enough. One of Sarah's hands ended up on the back of my head as she got closer and when she went rigid, I knew this was it. She collapsed limply back onto the couch and trembled as her orgasm coursed through her, letting out a relieved sigh when she'd finished cumming.

I raised my head and suggested that we take the party back to Melinda's house so we wouldn't need to worry about somebody walking in on us. Everybody stopped what they were doing, but Sarah said that her mom would be expecting her to be there when she got home. I asked when she thought that would be and whether there was a chance that she might come home early. Since there was that chance, I suggested that Sarah just leave her a note saying that she'd been surprised by a call from somebody who had heard she was having a party and, as a result, she'd been afraid of people just showing up thinking there was a party, so she'd gone over to Melinda's. She left Melinda's number and said for her mom to call if she wanted her to come home. I knew Sarah and her mom were close, so I didn't mock her for still answering to her mommy even as, technically, an adult woman. Plus, I didn't want to jeopardize the opportunity to soon be fucking her hot pussy.

With the note in place, Sarah locked up and we headed back to Melinda's. On the way, we explained to Sarah that we'd all been practically naked before coming to her aid and were planning to return to that state as soon as we were back in the apartment. She was onboard and, as soon as Melinda locked the door, I was pulling her blouse up over her head. She shed her bra as I unfastened her skirt and let it drop to the floor and, before shedding her panties, she helped me out of my shirt, jeans and underwear. My cock was completely rigid and she began to stroke it as I led her over to the couch. I sat down with her before me and admired her pretty face, cute, short hairstyle and her luscious tits before focusing on the black panties before me. I slid them down, caressing her ass as I did, then helped her step out of them so she could straddle me.

I guided my cock into her pussy as she lowered herself down, moaning involuntarily as it engulfed me. We started making out as she slowly began to ride me and my hands went to her tits, which I knew I was going to have to fuck at some point, too. Her pussy felt amazingly hot, slippery and snug all at the same time. I had basically blocked out what everyone else was up to in my quest to get my cock inside Sarah, but now that it was in there, I realized that everyone else had stripped down, too, and was joining us. Melinda sat next to me on the couch and Sarah and I started taking turns making out with her while Rob had started fondling Sarah's tits when I'd dropped my hands to her waist. Stephanie was trying to get her tongue on Sarah's pussy both from the front and back, but wasn't having a whole lot of luck with either.

I realized how selfish I was being in monopolizing Sarah, so I suggested that she get onto the floor and blow me while allowing the others more access to her hot body. Melinda leaned over briefly as Sarah changed positions, sucking Sarah's juices off my throbbing cock before handing it off to Sarah. Rob was getting into position behind Sarah as she lowered her mouth over my tool and slid her lips down as far as she could. Gripping the base in her fist, she started sliding her mouth up and down, pausing only to let out a moan when Rob slipped his tool into her. I glanced up at Rob, whose focus was on Sarah's ass, as he held her by the hips and thrust in and out of her, then returned my own focus to Sarah's mouth sliding up and down my tool.

Stefanie had maneuvered herself under Sarah, initially sucking on her dangling, swaying globes before getting her head between Sarah's legs to lick her clit while Rob fucked her. I was thinking that, if Stefanie's pussy was closer, I'd have tried to do something for her when I realized that Melinda was right next to me, currently not receiving any stimulation. I turned to her and we started to make out while I fondled her sweet titties before dropping a hand to her pussy to massage her clit. We were all so engrossed in what we were doing that we apparently never heard the footsteps coming up the stairs or the key in the lock. When the door swung open and another cute Latina stood in the doorway, frozen in her tracks, I assumed that Melinda's roommate was home.

As Melinda, with a smile on her face and not a hint of shock, asked her roommate, Emelina, what she was doing home, Rob merely glanced over at her and gave her the once over and Sarah looked sideways as best she could without pausing in sucking my cock; Stefanie never even moved. Emelina took in the scene before her while closing the door and explaining that her boyfriend had gotten drunk and passed out on her. Melinda suggested that she strip down and join us and, just like that, she was peeling her shirt over her head. She wasn't as stacked as Melinda but still had a nice-sized rack that spilled out as she shed her bra. Her pants and panties went together to her ankles and, as she stepped out of them and her shoes, her trim black bush was revealed.

She didn't seem to know where to jump in, so I beckoned her over to step up onto the couch to straddle my face. I started lapping at her pussy while squeezing her ass and had gone so far as to slip a finger up into her before I considered that I had left Melinda high and dry again. I reluctantly stopped eating Emelina's pussy and had her step aside momentarily while I orchestrated a quick reposition. As much as I hated to do it, I slipped my cock out of Sarah's talented mouth and had Melinda switch places with me. Sarah quickly had her face buried in Melinda's pussy while I had Emelina straddle me and slipped my cock into her hot, slippery pussy. I fondled Emelina's tits as we made out while she reached a hand over to fondle her roommate's big jugs.

Her pussy felt outstanding and she seemed really fired up, so I was pushing hard up into her each time she came down. I was caressing her soft breasts and gently stroking and brushing her hard nipples as she did the same to her roommate. When we weren't making out, I could look sideways to see Melinda and, looking down a bit, I could see Sarah licking Melinda's pussy. It was really interesting to watch Sarah because she'd be focused on devouring Melinda's pussy, her fat, pink tongue lapping away, then she'd raise her head and let out a moan that sounded like she was on the verge of cumming herself. I started watching her more as she was moaning more and more often until, finally, she let out an entirely different moan of pleasure combined with relief, then went right back to eating Melinda.

Emelina started out riding me hard and fast and only got faster the longer she fucked me. I turned my attention back from Sarah to her as I let my hands drop to her hips and pulled her down harder each time I thrust up into her. Her pussy seemed to be getting wetter and more engorged as she got louder and I fucked her longer. When she let out a cry, too, I felt her goosebumps under my hands as she quivered. Once she'd finished cumming, I suggested we move to the floor. I grabbed a couple of throw pillows and, once she was on her back, I stuck them under her ass. I knelt between her spread legs and slipped my throbbing cock back into her while noticing that Stefanie had crawled out from under Sarah, apparently after she'd cum, and was now at work on Melinda's tits while Melinda fingered her pussy.

When Stefanie raised her head to see where Emelina and I had moved to, she took the opportunity to wander over and straddle Emelina's face. As she leaned forward and we began to make out, we heard Rob starting to moan and both looked over to see him lunging against Sarah's ass. With a few grunts accompanying a few longer, harder thrusts, he appeared to be blowing his load. Sure enough, he soon pulled out and sat back on his heels, his softening cock lying against his thigh. Stefanie and I went back to making out and I fondled her tits while still fucking Emelina and still enjoying the feel of her hot, wet pussy as my cock slid in and out of it. Sarah was still obviously hard at work on Melinda's pussy, based on the noises that Melinda was making.

When it was apparent that Melinda was cumming all over Sarah's face, I was ready to make the next move. As soon as Melinda had quieted down again, I slipped out of Emelina, telling Stefanie to take over for me, and turned to Sarah, who was just raising her head from between Melinda's thighs. I immediately kissed Sarah so that I could taste Melinda on her lips, then suggested that she lie down on her back. I straddled her ribs and lay my cock between her luscious globes as she squeezed them together around my cock, then started to slowly fuck those beauties. The soft, smooth skin felt awesome around my tool and Sarah seemed focused on the head of my cock as it appeared repeatedly from her cleavage. I glanced over toward Stefanie and Emelina to see that they were in a sixty-nine and Stefanie's tongue was hard at work on Emelina's pussy. Rob was still sitting on his heels, recovering after fucking Sarah's sweet pussy, but his attention was roaming from Sarah's tits getting fucked, to two girls in a sixty-nine, to Melinda sitting there on the couch stark naked. Since Melinda was behind me, I couldn't tell where her attention was.

It didn't surprise me when Stefanie started getting vocal because, aside from me, I think she was the only one who hadn't cum yet. Glancing back over at her, I watched as she raised her head away from Emelina's pussy, giving me a clear view of her dark bush, as a look of raw passion crossed her face. I could actually see the shudder passing through her as she came, then she appeared to blink the fog away and went right back to devouring Emelina's pussy. Meanwhile, sliding my cock between Sarah's soft, smooth breasts was bringing my own orgasm to the surface finally, as well. Sarah was still focused on my cockhead playing peek-a-boo so I knew that when I started spurting, she wouldn't miss it. I could feel my shaft beginning to swell even more as the level of pleasure continued to build. Finally, with a grunt, I started spewing onto Sarah's sternum and neck as her eyes got wide and she stuck out her tongue.

As the last few drops of cum dribbled weakly onto Sarah's cleavage, Melinda was already kneeling beside us starting to lick it off. As Sarah released her tits and they fell away from my softening cock, Stefanie moved over as well and Emelina was coming behind her. I started to back up to give all of them room, but Emelina took a moment to clean my cock before helping the others clean Sarah's chest. When I looked up again, I saw that Rob had finally recovered and had grabbed a couple of beers from the cooler. Catching my eye, he tossed one to me as I still sat naked, straddling Sarah's naked body, while three other naked beauties lapped up my cum. I didn't think there was any way this night could get better, but I would soon be proven wrong.

To be continued...