 I have not written nor had much of a desire to write since my last submission a looong time ago! I was suddenly inspired by tpervgirl shares the top 1% spot with a few other authors I truly enjoy reading. Thanks for the inspiration!

*

I would like to tell you about an episode I experienced not too long ago. This story is 95% true, unfortunately. I tried to regret it but I just couldn't. Here is how it went...

Mary was a sexy 45 year old married female who worked right next to me for 3 years at a large insurance company located in Scottsdale, AZ. We had become good friends over the last year and eventually lovers. I truly loved her 'grown woman' shape and her beautiful toes with everything I had. I let her know everyday and she made sure they were always fresh for me.

Having an office romance is not easy and definitely not safe, especially when one person is married. We did have a lot of fun together nonetheless and shared many nights fucking wherever we wanted. She didn't seem concerned about her marriage and I would almost always have to force her to go home. It got to the point where I had to set my clock 45 minutes fast so that she would leave at a proper time. I didn't want to be a part of her excuse if her husband ever questioned her whereabouts. After all, this was her idea.

I am not a dog. Well, in a sense I am, but I do not have a cold heart. I knew what we were doing was wrong but I tried to help her keep her home situation as peaceful as possible. She would often tell me of his infidelities and the chick he has always talked about for two years, but she has yet to meet. I never spoke ill of him, only taking advantage of her willingness to provide me with unbelievable sex whenever the chance presented itself. 

Angela was not only our boss, but the wife of one of my good friends. Angela and Mary were better friends than they let on and did not publicize their relationship. They had worked together for 10 years and shared a deep friendship. They knew everything about each other, little did I know. Angela helped me obtain my position in the company and I did not want her to know what was going on with Mary and me for obvious reasons.

One Friday, I walked into Angela's office to make small talk as I saw that she was not busy. Now Angela is the sexiest woman in the office, hands down. She was all business at work and was a stern business woman. She had a smoking body and an attitude to complement it. She was no angel though. I knew from talk in my circle that she was a loose woman prior to marrying my buddy. That is putting it mildly. She rarely showed that side of her unless she was drunk. She could drink most men under the table with no problem.

After working together for a while, she saw that I was not the type to try to abuse our relationship while at work. I felt comfortable coming in to 'shoot the shit' and we did so for a couple hours that Friday afternoon. She confided in me that day about some of the problems she was having with my friend, her husband. I listened, surprised at some of the things she told me. I had no idea that they were having the type of issues she described. She was terribly upset and even let a few tears escape. She swore me to secrecy and I would never have betrayed her confidence. While we partied together regularly, I never saw that conversation coming. I appreciated her trust in me.

Later that night, I happened to see her at a party with her husband. I didn't ask her if she was coming earlier because I wasn't sure her husband had told her about it. He later told me that she had made him bring her. I couldn't understand why he wouldn't want to bring her. I am smart enough to know that you never know what someone's home life is like so I didn't judge him or their situation. For all I knew, she could be a raging bitch.

That night was more of a continuation of the same conversation we had earlier. I was drinking heavily and noticed that her husband was outside flirting with other women. I decided to play wingman and kept talking to her to avert her attention. She was tossing back beers at a pace that even I couldn't keep up with. After about the tenth beer, she brought up Mary and me. She told me that she knew that we fucked and Mary had told her everything. She also shared with me that she liked Mary and would fuck her but knew that Mary was not into that type of thing. I listened, not wanting to seem surprised by her frankness. 

Suddenly, she said, "I am having a good time talking to you and the music is great but one thing would make tonight perfect. 

"What's that," I asked.

"It would be great if everyone was naked and fucking all throughout the house!"

I again pretended to not be surprised and just nodded my head in agreement that it would be sexy. She went into detail on what she would like to see and participate in. I was getting way turned on and suddenly flashbacks of the times I spent with Julie started to come back to me in full force. (See Memories of the Past Vol. I & II.) 

She began, "I know you think I am a freak or something but from what I know about you, you have no room to talk. Mary told me all about how you suck her toes and try to choke her with your dick down her throat. I never would have thought she liked that type of shit but I guess you brought it out in her!"

I again said nothing.

"My husband barely fucks me," she continued. I'm willing to do it all too! I try to blow him daily, sneak in fucks in the bathroom when the kids aren't looking and I even lick his ass! Sometimes I try to suck his dick in the middle of the night and he turns away from me. Can you believe that shit? I blatantly rub my pussy right next to him, moaning till the baby damn near wakes up and he just lays there playing sleep as if nothing is going on. I know he is not gay but what the fuck is wrong with him? Wouldn't that make you want to roll over and fuck me?

"I probably would," I agreed, not wanting to take the conversation too far. We talked for a while longer but I'd gotten horny from all her sex talk. Just then, a female friend of mine walked in and I decided I needed to go and line up some pussy tonight for myself. I left her there drunk and all worked up.

The next week at work, we were back to normal. It was Wednesday and there was a New Employee Happy Hour scheduled at one of the bars near the office. This event occurred monthly and was basically a welcome party for all the newcomers or just a free drink fest if we had no new employees to welcome. These events were fun and the tab was completely covered by the company. On any given company night, you could get laid if you played your cards right. That night, Mary had a few more drinks than I think she meant to. I walked over to her and whispered in her ear. 

"You wanna to go back to the office and fuck?" 

"Of course I would. You wanna go now?

I went to Angela and asked her if I could borrow the key to her office. "Why do you want the keys to my office?" she asked quizzingly.

I told her I was going to fuck Mary till she was sober and go home. I offered to meet her at the office early and return her keys. Things got odd for a minute. She just stared at me, almost as if she was jealous. She gave me the key, but oddly said nothing afterward. 

"You better not have me waiting for my fucking keys tomorrow," she spat.

"I will make it a point to be there early," I assured her.

Mary followed me back to the office. We didn't cut on any lights. We just went directly to Angela's office. I immediately went to kiss her and began rubbing her tits through her shirt. Knowing that time was a factor, I hurriedly reached under her skirt and pulled her panties halfway down her thighs. I shoved two fingers in her pussy, although I did not apply as much pressure as my grunt let on. I finger fucked her for less than 15 seconds before she drenched my right hand. Literally, her juices were running down my wrist. I had never felt her so wet and it turned me on to no end.

After she came once more, she dropped to her knees and pulled out my cock and immediately put it directly down her throat. I made no attempt to assist her. I thought she was trying to choke herself. She had never been so voracious and aggressive as she was at that moment. I closed my eyes and let her do her thing. I had my hand on her head and was caressing it while she savagely sucked me off. 

Suddenly, I heard the door knob turn.

Slowly a head peeked around the door. I was a bit too excited to care much about who it was, although I had a pretty good idea. Mary didn't even notice at first. Then the door opened all the way. It was Angela. She came in and immediately began to strip. Mary looked behind her, never fully pulling her mouth from her mouth. She looked up at me and moaned...loud. I became bold and started fucking her mouth with a deliberate swagger. I looked at Angela while I was doing so. She was looking right back at me.

I'm not sure if deep down I hoped this would happen but I sure acted like I was expecting it. Once naked, I just stared at her beautiful body in amazement. Her breasts were nice and thick with perfect sized nipples. I was now sure of the question she asked me at the party that previous weekend. She dropped to her knees, never taking her eyes off of me. She landed behind Mary and began finger fucking her slowly, then harder while I continued to stuff her mouth full of dick.

I knew what was happening was wrong on so many levels. Angela's husband was my friend, my good friend. However, I know a true whore when I see one. I don't think my opinion even mattered at that point. The only control I had was how far I was willing to let things go. I became overwhelmed with her lustful eyes. Her eyes just told me that she really needed this and then she would be cured of the hunger her eyes displayed. They pleaded with me to comply with what was taking place. As a plea for my approval, she bent over further and began to tongue Angela's asshole, all the while still fingering her. She pulled her fingers out, licked them and stuck them back in. I could not help myself. I motioned for her to come to me. She jumped to her feet and immediately walked over to me. Without warning, she put her mouth on mine and kissed me hard. I wrapped my hand around her waist and snaked two fingers in her pussy. I pounded them in her hard as I could. I decided at that point I was not going to take it easy on her. If she wanted to be a whore, I was going to treat her like one.

I don't think in all of my 37 years that I had ever been more turned on. I nearly lifted her off the floor while stretching to plant more fingers inside of her. She took it like a pro and it was obvious by her wetness that she was in heaven. I abruptly stopped kissing her and pulled out my finger out of her pussy, making eye contact with her. Mary, apparently feeling a bit left out, stopped sucking and walked over to Angela's chair, stripped naked and put her feet up on the desk. I barely noticed as I was also, at this point, consumed with raw lust for this forbidden pussy. I stepped out of my pants and shoes with reckless abandon.

I slowly rubbed her asshole with her own wetness. I pulled her close and placed my cock under her pussy as we still stood against the wall. I looked at her and asked if she was ready. She nodded, knowing what I was about to do. I kissed her slowly and made circles around her asshole. I teased her a couple times, sticking only the tip of my middle finger in her ass. When I thought she was not expecting it, I shoved four fingers in her ass as hard as I could. Not all of my fingers made it in but two were packed in solid and one hovered around the edge. I was kissing her deeply. Spit was running down my cheek. Although we couldn't possibly muster up any more lust, I still was overcome with desire. I made a sawing motion with my dick against her pussy while spreading her cheeks with both hands. I now had fingers in her ass from both hands. 

"Please fuck me now!" she said, her mouth shivering. Never removing my fingers from her ass, I lead her, backwards, to her desk. I could not help but to continue kissing her. This was not a loving embrace, although it certainly felt like one! This was two like minded people who, for that moment, were experiencing uncontrollable lust. We reluctantly broke our embrace and I turned her around like around like a rag doll. I bent her over her own desk, wanting to stay as near to her as possible. I hovered myself over her back. I grabbed her right nipple with my left hand and positioned my rock hard dick outside her pussy. My first instinct was to quickly shove it in. Instead, I changed my mind, opting to let it slide in gradually without stopping. In one push, I slid into one of the tightest pussy I had ever felt. I didn't realize how hard I was pinching her nipple. Although she did not complain, I came to my senses and let it go, not wanting to leave a mark. She seemed to love it as rough as I did. I opened my eyes. Mary was still sitting in the chair and was right in front of us slowly masturbating herself. I slowly stroked Angela's pussy with the most finesse I could display, staying as close to her ass possible. We moved in unison and fucked like husband and wife should fuck. I gave it to her sensually, like our session was made of love, although I knew it was nothing like that. We were one, if only for that moment/

I continued to pump it inside of her until I began to feel my orgasm coming on. I started to go faster, quickly deciding that I had to cum inside of her. There was no way I could pull out of this glorious pussy. I grabbed her hair and pushed her face against the desk. I looked at her and began to talk to her.

"I'm gonna cum in your pussy Angela. I'm gonna do it now!" She didn't say anything. I kept pumping and repeated, "I'm going to cum in your pussy. You can't stop me. I need to let it go inside of you!" I took her silence as unspoken permission to fill her up with all the cum I had to give. But that was not enough for me.

"Tell me to come in your pussy, TELL ME!" 

She groaned... "Do it! Come in me," she screamed!

At that moment, I heard Mary echoing her sentiments. 

"Fuck her baby! Shit it in her pussy!" 

I had almost forgotten that Mary was there. I couldn't hold it any longer. I released the biggest load of my life inside of her, not stopping until I was sure it was drained. We stayed like that for what seemed like hours, but lasted probably less than a minute or two. I decided to go out with a bang.

"Don't move," I told her!

I slowly pulled out of her. I got on my knees. I could not resist myself. I got down on my knees and tongued her asshole while fishing out my own cum with my fingers. I then watched it leak out of her. It was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. Mary came around and looked with me but I think the moment had passed for her as she began to dress. So she would not feel alone, I helped Angela up and we began to get dressed as well. Mary kissed me and told me she had to run. I was left with Angela alone. She was still naked from the waist down. I sat in her chair where Mary was only a short while before. She came and sat down on top of me. She kissed me lovingly and told me thank you. Her pussy was still dripping cum. I reached down and touched her again. This time I fed it to her. This was the making of a true nasty affair. It was not to be and we both knew it. We stayed there for another 10 minutes swapping cum and I fingered he ass once again, pondering the thought of fucking that sweet ass. I even sucked what was left out of her pussy. But I knew I could not have fucked her again no matter how bad I wanted. This was a long drawn out goodbye of sorts.

We both eventually dressed and went up to the parking garage. As she would on any other day, she screamed, "See ya tomorrow punk!"

"Later!" I answered, like always.