 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Just one week after a surprise wife/sister swap this fall, I was treated to another unexpected proposal from my lovely wife of three years. The night started as unassuming as any other, or at least with as little likelihood of what was to occur as any other. My little family and I met up with my father-in-law's side of the family that night at a restaurant for a traditional birthday party. Of course, all but two other people there had an idea of the sexual exploits my wife and I had been toying with over the past year or so, and those two were Brittany - Ann's sister - and her husband Jack. Everyone else would have been shocked to have heard of any of the details from even just one out our special outings.

Now Ann and Brittany made for as attractive a pair of sisters as I have ever seen, personally. Most people agree with me that Ann is the better catch. At 5'5" with a slender, tan frame, she is also armed with a good set of boobs and a tight ass that drives men wild. She has a very pretty face with dark brown eyes, dark brown hair and a captivating smile - all of that to say nothing of her fun, sweet personality. Brittany is no slouch though. She is shorter, maybe 5', with eyes, skin and hair that all are a lighter brown. Her ass is rounder and her boobs certainly rival Ann's, especially for such a small girl. She too is, obviously, a lot of fun as well.

The party didn't get off to a great start for us. It was clearly bedtime for our toddler, and she made sure we knew it. I ended up going home to put the kid to bed, and Brittany agreed to bring Ann home later. It was a appropriate end to what had been a stressful week for me.

About two hours later, Ann came through the front door, followed by Brittany, whom I did not expect to see. Even though I had sex with Brittany just a week ago, I still would have worn more than just the bed shorts I had on at the time if I had known we we having company. "Hi!" Brittany greeted me with an unmistakable excitement in her voice. Maybe I was too tired to process anything at the moment, but it seemed like something was up.

"Brittany thought we could all use a chance to blow off steam," my sweet wife said, a grin on her face. "Is the baby asleep?" I nodded my head, my hope immediately soaring as it started to make sense to me what was happening. 

"Well then," Brittany chimed in as she took her coat off, "Let's get started. The living room?" Ann and I agreed with Brittany on that location. Typical of Ann, I had to grab a couple sheets for us to do the act on and a couple rags for cleanup.

"You two need to catch up," I said, when I came back down the hall, referring to the fact that I had but one piece of clothing on. They both giggled and joined me by the couch, undressing right in front of me as if it were a normal thing we were doing. Before I knew it, I had two gorgeous sisters standing naked in front of me, both of them clearly giddy about the outrageous thing we were about to do. 

In an attempt to break the ice, I stood up and kissed my wife, who responded by reaching into my shorts and stroking my cock to full hardness, which didn't take long at all. I tossed the shorts aside, and we backed up toward the ottoman while Brittany trailed behind. I lay Ann on her back on that piece of furniture, and she lifted her legs while I stood in front of her and moved right along, pressing my cock against her pussy and sinking in while her little sister watched.

I wrapped my arms around my wife's legs and began to fuck her while Brittany climbed up onto the ottoman too, then squatting over Ann's head and sitting on her face, smothering my wife with her pussy as I stuffed Ann's own cunt. Ann put her hands on her sister's hips and held Brittany in place while beginning to lick that vagina that I had stuffed exactly one week prior. Brittany threw her head back, letting out a sexy moan as her long, brown hair flew around.

Watching my sexy sister-in-law law grind on my wife's face made me pound Ann only harder and harder. Ann's boobs jiggled up and down in sync with my cock's diving deep into her pussy over and over. I was breathing raggedy within a minute, slamming into Ann, my balls slapping against her taint as I watched make oral love to her beautiful sister. The three of us continued in this formation for a couple minutes, having a blast. Brittany grinded her pussy on Ann's face as we grinned at each other and held my wife in place on that ottoman. At last, Brittany raised herself, allowing her sister some fresh air. Brittany then stepped aside, and I took the opportunity to pull out of Ann and consider a new position. Right now, I was dying to touch Brittany. 

"I want to watch you fuck my sister," Ann said as she sat up. Despite the fact that I had now had sex with Brittany twice and had a threesome with the sisters once before, I had never actually penetrated Brittany in Ann's view. I hadn't been sure how Ann would feel about seeing me inside another woman. Brittany, though, was not just another woman to either of us. Now that I had her clear permission, I positioned Brittany in front of the ottoman upon which Ann reclined back onto her elbows. I couldn't help but fondle my sister-in-law's luscious boobs and even kiss her neck as I stood behind her. Then I bent Brittany over like a whore as I set up.

Both girls looked at me as I pressed my cock against Brittany's folds, Brittany turning her head to peer over her shoulder, and Ann tilting her head to look past Brittany's upper body. Once I had my head in, I put both hands on Brittany's hips and sank balls-deep inside her, moaning as I did. Brittany moaned too, turning her head forward, and Ann grinned. I sank my nails into Brittany's flesh and then proceeded to pump in and out of her.

Once I was in full-swing fucking Brittany, she lowered her head and grabbed onto her sister's thighs. Ann ran one hand through Brittany's hair, still supporting herself on the other elbow, and cooed as her younger sister began to lick her twat. With the contact of her sister's tongue on her sweet spot, Ann moaned and encouraged Brittany to continue.

Even though Brittany was the one I was going balls-deep into, it was Ann whom I was captivated by now. I always knew I was married to an incredibly sexy woman, and then there were times that I was just blown away. This moment was one of those times, watching this gorgeous woman writhe, her ample breasts and sexy legs on display, those pretty eyes and seductive lips all in view while none other than her own sister ate her pussy. I got more and more turned on viewing my wife, and Brittany was the beneficiary, taking harder and deeper strokes from me as I got off to my sexy wife.

For at least a few more minutes I pumped into Brittany while Ann's moans grew louder and louder. Utterly aroused, I slid forward, still giving Brittany a stiff pounding, and until squeezed both of Brittany's boobs, which still always grabbed my attention for how big they were on such a small girl. At last, my sister-in-law was licking Ann through an orgasm. Ann made her undeniable sexy cry as she came, which caused me to hold onto Brittany's boobs even more tightly as I hammered her. After another minute or two, Brittany pulled away from her sister's pussy, and Ann relaxed on the ottoman. At that point, I let Ann know that she wasn't done yet.

I instructed the sisters to switch places so that Ann was now bent over the piece of furniture and Brittany was now lying on it with her legs spread. Ann then returned the favor, eating out her sister while I plunged back into my wife from behind, my cock coated in my wife's sister's juices. My hands started on her hips and then slowly worked back and forth, up to her boobs and back down to her ass. It wasn't long that I was fucking my wife doggystyle as she licked Brittany's pussy when I could feel my balls about to release from all the stimulation I had enjoyed tonight.

I cursed and moaned as I gave Ann a few more hard thrusts, which culminated in my cumming deep inside her. Ann briefly cried out in glee and then went back to munching on her sister. Just as my orgasm began to subside, Brittany had her own climax, thanks to her sister's furious work on her love canal. A minute later, we were all pretty out of breath and ridiculously happy as we relaxed and recovered from another incredible experience.

Ann and I went to bed as soon as Brittany went home. Throughout the next day, we were still pretty worked up after such a fun night, so much so that we talked about trying something again that had come up unsuccessful a couple times so far: going out and picking up a stranger to join us in a threesome. Originally, we had friends coming over that Saturday night, so we thought we would try the following Friday. As fate would have it, our friends cancelled that afternoon, and suddenly the wheels were in motion to attempt to pull it off tonight. All we needed was a babysitter, and, wouldn't you know it, Brittany was willing to yet again assist us in our marital sex life.

We didn't really expect anything to happen that night. First of all, we were already zero-for-two. Second of all, we were very fortunate that we had two wild adventures in just over a week as it was. The odds were against us. We just thought it would be fun and exciting to try.

We dressed up a bit for the evening. Ann looked sexy as hell in her high heels, skirt and low-cut blouse. Her long, dark hair was straightened and hung loose to her shoulders. We headed out for a bar that Ann used to drink at years ago that was about a 10-minute drive from our house. We didn't actually get any alcohol but some appetizers and water, just enjoying our time together. Then I left Ann at the bar and hung back, waiting to see what attention she would drum up.

I left out that Ann was wearing an anklet, which we had learned was symbolic of a hotwife. It worked well for us because if someone we knew saw it, Ann was innocent enough (or so everyone thought) to pull it off as ignorance. For the men we were trying to attract, it was a great signal.

Several guys did approach Ann. I learned later that some just chatted, a couple offered drinks and all of them went their way after a while. That is, until Cole stepped up to the bar at hit it off with Ann. I knew we were making progress when Ann pointed me out to him while I had been trying my hardest to not-awkwardly blend in with the crowd. No doubt at this point she was hinting at our dynamic. If the man didn't bail out at this point, we were likely set for tonight.

Ann beckoned me over, and suddenly my heart pounded and I stepped forward. I didn't actually think this would happen! Now that it was, it was time to step up. I introduced myself to the 6' white gentleman who must have been 200 pounds of muscle. I pegged him to be maybe 40, which is a little older than Ann and me, but that was no problem. I could tell Ann was attracted, and that's what mattered.

Actually, Cole turned out to be really cool. We chatted a little about real life things like family and relationships. He was divorced recently and looking for a good time. He didn't realize how good a time he had stumbled into. The conversation moved to the parking lot, where we told him about some of the things we had done sexually over the past year, and he was entirely on board with participating - tonight.

We couldn't believe we were about to pull off a threesome with a perfect stranger just one night after the threesome with Ann's sister. We figured it so unlikely that we would pull it off that now that it was happening, we hastily decided to use our house as the location. It had always been our intention to not let the people we didn't know all that well to be able to locate us, so we were taking a chance. Cole seemed like a genuinely solid dude, though, so I wasn't too anxious.

The three of us came in through the front door, and there was so much energy that we didn't make it past the living room before things heated up. "Let's do it right here," Ann suggested. It was the same room that just 24 hours ago we had enjoyed our previous group escapade. 

We decided to do it right on the floor. It did require me to run back to the bedroom again for some blankets to cushion us on the rug. I grabbed one of the pillows off the couch too to help with the comfort of the person who would be on the bottom. Once the setting was situated, the heat really turned up.

Ann stood between Cole and me as we pressed in closer to her. I kissed her cheek and ran my hand up her back while Cole brazenly reached right under her shirt. Ann cooed and writhed slightly between us, slipping out of her shoes and slipping a hand into both Cole's and my pants. We boys both took the cue to undo our pants, which allowed Ann to firmly grasp our hardening dicks and stroke them to their fullness. Ann looked down at our rigid shafts and smiled delightedly. Cole had a sizable dick, maybe half an inch shorter than mine and about the same girth. She knew she was going to have some fun with these things in just a few minutes.

Cole and I were both moaning, each of us oblivious to the presence of the other as Ann beat us off faster and faster. Just as I took off my shirt so it wouldn't be in Ann's way, my wife stooped down and took me into her mouth, starting with just the tip and then working my whole shaft past her lips as she cradled my balls. I moaned and ran my hand through her hair as she sucked my cock, all while maintaining Cole's handjob at a steady rate.

Soon, both of us men were naked, and Ann had switched over to blow Cole. After giving each of our cocks a good suck, Ann desisted, released us and stood up, beginning to work her way out of her clothes. Being gentlemen, Cole and I assisted, first getting her blouse and bra off, then her skirt and thong. Before long, all three of us were nude, unless you count Ann's and my wedding rings and Ann's anklet.

Ann instructed how the event was going to go. She wanted something to the point and without a lot of moving around. Basically, pick our position and stick with it. Everything had happened so suddenly and unexpectedly that she hadn't had the chance to mentally prepare like she had for the other group sessions she'd had with men. With the lights dimmed and the floor made as comfortable as possible, Cole lay down first, putting his head on the pillow while his cock stuck straight up, waiting for which hole my wife would give him.

Ann surprised me when it came to double penetration. While I knew she always came more easily on her back, my understanding with DP was that it was usually more comfortable for the girl to be on all fours. Ann, however, still preferred to be on her back. It put pressure on us guys to keep her as at ease as possible, but I didn't mind. I actually thought having her face up was the hotter of the two options. So while I could see her going either way here, I wasn't shocked to see her offer our new friend her ass. Beside, Ann really preferred to reserve her pussy for me as much as possible.

Facing away from Cole, Ann squatted over his cock and lined it up with her asshole. She and Cole then, with a lot of lube and, of course, a condom for Cole, worked that fuckstick into her shitter until Ann slowly slid down to Cole's balls. Hardly a yelp came from my wife as she became more and more accustomed to anal sex. All of this while I, of course, watched on without a twinge of jealousy. Trusting my wife completely, I was entirely turned on to watch her take another man's penis up her ass.

Ann made herself comfortable, lying flat against Cole's back and spreading her legs out while she looked up at me and awaited my inclusion in the formation on the floor of my own living room. By now, it would be my third time in about three months that I would sandwich my wife, which was approximately two more times than I would have expected in a whole year when we set out to do it for the first time back in July. I was still a little nervous but not nearly enough to throw me off as I stepped closer and, with the help of another generous helping of lube, pushed my cock into my wife's cunt, which was delightfully tight thanks to Cole's prick in her butt.

All three of us moaned as I slid all the way inside Ann and held myself there for a moment so that both Cole and I were filling my wife completely with our dicks. Then I pulled back until just my tip was in to relieve Ann a bit. Especially with her on her back, we boys needed to be very considerate with how we fucked her. After all, this setup was all about trust and respect. My wife will never be just a fuck toy for anyone.

I quickly briefed Cole on how to proceed and then I lay down on Ann, her boobs against my chest, my face in her neck as I grinded up on her. I was so turned on that I didn't even care that Cole was right there on the other side, his head over by Ann's other shoulder. For now, I wanted my wife to feel the heat of being pinned tightly between two men. In response, she wrapped her arms and legs around me and begged us to fuck her in both holes.

We did just that. Within a minute, Cole had caught on, and we were sawing in and out of my wife in no time. We were slow and deliberate at first, which Ann seemed to enjoy as it worked her into the swing of it. Once Cole seemed more at ease with the setup, we were able to go faster, pumping in and out of my wife's ass and pussy at a steady pace, giving her the double-dicking her sexiness required. As we fucked her, I could feel the dampness of her sweat forming all over her body as she was tightly caught between us in this delicious sex sandwich.

After a few minutes, I pulled myself up a foot or two to look down at Ann, her pretty face and those gorgeous tits, which rocked up and down as Cole and I took turns plunging our dicks into her amazing body. Ann smiled at me and moaned, her legs now spread straight out, her hands gripping my biceps ad Cole and I were now pounding both of her holes with chemistry unlike what I had achieved in our previous double penetration sessions. The three of us continued to fuck on the floor like that until Ann came, that unmistakable moan building to the climax of her orgasm while her pussy and ass were ravished like any woman as hot as Ann should require. Cole and I double stuffed her right through her orgasm and then really let loose, no longer under any constraint to stave off our own orgasms now that the centerpiece had had hers.

In and out, over and over, Cole's and my cocks fought for space within the confines of my wife's tight holes, separated by just a mere membrane as our manhood slid otherwise side by side, barely disjointed. At last, I came deep inside Ann's pussy, shoving my cock all the way up in her and staying still while I kissed her and moaned into her mouth. As I came, Cole slowed down but still gently fucked Ann's ass. Once my orgasm subsided, I stayed inside Ann until our new friend emptied his balls into her ass, both her holes now filled with cum.

After a few seconds to recover, we pulled apart and allowed Ann the opportunity to get up and stretch out a bit. She was giggling the whole time, madly amused and sufficiently pleased with the night's events. No less pleased were Cole and I. Still naked, I picked up the blankets, the top one now contaminated by cum from two different men that had leaked out of my wife's holes. Ann, also naked, wished Cole a good night and headed to the bathroom to freshen up. Cole got dressed, and at that point, with just the blankets covering me, I got his number in case we wanted to do this again sometime. 

"Definitely," he said. "You guys are the coolest couple I've ever met. I'll be in touch."