 Warning: this story contains homosexuality. If this is something you do not wish to read about, then you might want to stop right now. But if you don't have a problem with that kind of story and wish to continue reading, then I hope you enjoy one of my adventures...

* * * 

If you have read my bio at all, then you should know that I am a bisexual man. This story took place ten years ago, I was thirty-one at the time. This story is one hundred percent true, the only thing that I have changed are the names of myself and the other three people involved.

I also have two other stories that took place between me and the two guys featured here, that I may or may not publish. That will probably depend on feedback as to whether you as the readers would like to hear them. Well, here it is...

It all started with a computer and a Yahoo profile that I had completely forgotten about.

One day, I was sitting at the computer just surfing the internet when my yahoo messenger popped up. 

"Hi." Was all that was said.

"Hello," I responded.

"So, are you really bi?" the person asked. 

I was taken off guard by the question. Who was this, and how the fuck did they know that? I didn't respond right away.

"Hello? Are you still there?" I was asked.

"Yeah," I typed, "I think that you need to explain yourself though. How would you know that I'm bi, and who are you?"

"Your Yahoo profile, under orientation, you marked bisexual. Sorry, I guess I should have introduced myself in the beginning, my name is Cindy."

"Ok," I typed back. "So, what exactly do you want, Cindy?"

"I need to ask you one more thing before I explain everything." She said.

"Go for it," I urged.

"Are you a hairy guy, I mean do you have a hairy chest?" Cindy asked.

"Lol... that's an odd question," I said. I was beginning to think that this was a prank conversation.

"It will make sense when I explain, I promise." She said.

"Yeah... actually, I do have a very hairy chest." I decided to play it out. If nothing else the conversation was a break from the boredom.

"Good," she typed, then began to explain. She was nineteen - and yes, she would prove it if we met up - she had two guy friends, Derek, who was twenty-four and Kyle, twenty-six, both were bi. Derek has a thing for hairy men, but, he was having a tough time finding one who lived in the same town and was into having some fun. So, she asked if I was interested in hooking up?

I thought about it for a while, I didn't have anything going on in my life at the time. I wasn't attached at the moment, and quite frankly, since my divorce a couple of years prior, my sex life had been damn near nonexistent. Add into the equation that it had been quite some time since I had been with a man... I decided to go for it.

"When and where were you thinking?" I asked her.

"Today, sometime after eight o'clock tonight would be great." Cindy said, and then, "But... we don't have a place that we could host."

I wasn't living alone at the time, and well, I just wasn't willing to have this type of hookup at my place. "That could be a problem," I typed.

"You don't have a place?" she asked. 

I thought about it for a few minutes. I did have access to a place. A buddy of mine lived in Portland, but because he did a lot of work down in my town and would often be down here for weeks at a time, he kept a rental down here as well. I had a key to the place, so I could look after it while he was out of town. I also had permission to use it for whatever. The only thing he asked, was that I didn't throw any wild parties and I didn't use his bed if I brought somebody over. He understood my living situation at the moment and why I was reluctant to bring anybody, man or woman to my place.

I wasn't about to discuss my situation with a stranger, so instead of answering her question right away, I asked one of my own. "You said, you and the guys wanted to hook up, what exactly is your involvement, Cindy?"

She told me that Derek was worried that I wouldn't be interested unless a woman was there for you to have fun with as well. 

I asked, "And, you're alright with having sex with a total stranger in order to help make this happen for your friend?"

"Yes," she said.

I gave her the address and told her we could meet at eight-thirty. 

I spent the rest of the day thinking that this was some type of hoax, thinking that maybe this was how this Cindy chick got her kicks. I did however go to the store, grabbed an eighteen pack of beer - to go along with the nine that I still had... I planned on getting drunk today - a pack of condoms and some lube... just in case.

Seven o'clock rolled around and I was already feeling a very good buzz when I headed for my buddy's house, which fortunately was next door, so I didn't have to drive anywhere. I watched some TV on his big screen, popped open another beer and waited on something that was probably not going to happen.

At eight-thirty, I had just finished off my twelfth beer in the last four hours or so, - I was drunk, but you really couldn't tell - when the doorbell rang. A very pretty, young woman and two men in their mid-twenties greeted me. 

"John?" Cindy asked.

"I really didn't think you guys would show." I said, and moved aside so they could enter the house.

"You said eight-thirty, right?" she asked.

"Yes, but you have to admit that this a strange situation. One that I've never been in before." I took a deep breath, "So, I wasn't sure."

"Well, we've never done this before either." She said and smiled a bit shyly.

I wasn't sure whether to believe that or not, but I didn't say so.

Cindy introduced me to Derek first, he was about five-eleven, skinny but toned with blond hair.

I shook hands with him and said, "So Derek, I hear you like your men hairy, huh."

He blushed a bit, yes... actually blushed and said, "Yeah, and you look like a pretty hairy guy."

"Everywhere except for my back and my balls." I replied. I think he shivered in excitement at that.

Next, Cindy introduced me to Kyle, who was five-foot, eight or nine inches tall, with deep brown hair and a bit of a beard. He was a little on the husky side, but he wasn't fat, just a bit of a belly. He had a good firm handshake and a deep voice. I liked him immediately, he was more the type of man that I was attracted too. 

Now Cindy was a hot little nineteen-year-old with shoulder length curly blond hair. About five-foot, five Inches and maybe a hundred and fifteen pounds, with probably the cutest little butt I'd ever seen. She was an absolute knockout, in my opinion.  

I just wish she had been there because she truly wanted to be and not just as a favor to a friend.

I offered them all a beer, they all declined, saying they didn't drink, I said, "Well, I hope you don't mind if I do then."

"Of course not," Derek said.

All four of us sat on the couch making small talk. I could tell Derek was getting antsy though, he kept moving around - squirming, really - and never taking his eyes off of me. I have to say, I wasn't quite sure how I felt about him yet. 

Cindy noticed his behavior as well, and said, "John, I think my friend here would like to get this party started."

"I think you're right," I said. "But..." And, I couldn't believe I was about to say this, but I felt that I had too. "There's one more thing that I need to say before we get started."

Even as attractive as I found Cindy, I couldn't put her in this position without giving her an out, if that's what she wanted. I told her that she didn't have to be involved, that I was still willing to have some fun with the guys. I said she was more than welcome to hang out in another room until we were done or she could stay and watch if she wanted too. 

Her response was to stand up and remove her shirt, her tits weren't big - somewhere in the b-cup range - but they were beautiful, with little pink nipples that were just starting to firm up. She said, "John, you're a nice guy and I appreciate that you are willing to let me out of what I promised you earlier, but I'm horny as hell and I'm going to get fucked by somebody tonight." With that, she turned around and pulled her shorts down nice and slow, her pale-yellow panties came with them as she revealed that cute little ass to my ogling gaze. When she turned around she said, "We're already here, so it might as well be you." 

I barely heard what she said as I stared longingly at her shaved pussy, the lips were puffy, just how I like them. Up to that point, I had never been with a woman who was shaved bald. Oh, I had seen it plenty of times in pornos and in pictures, and I had wanted my ex-wife to shave her pussy, but she never went completely bald down there. Seeing it up close and personal was a gorgeous sight. It made me very glad that she had turned down my - some would say noble, some would say extremely stupid - gesture. But, I'm not going to take advantage of a woman either.

Kyle laughed and said, "I think John really likes you Cindy." He sat on the other end of the sectional couch just watching events unfold for the moment.

Not to be left out, Derek moved up next to me on the couch and started rubbing my cock through my jeans. With Cindy's naked body standing in front of me and Derek's attention with his hand, it didn't take long for my dick to get hard.

Cindy sank to her knees in front of me and went for the button on my jeans, then the zipper. I lifted my ass as she pulled my pants down and off. While she was doing that, Derek gathered the hem of my shirt and pulled it up and over my head. His eyes practically bulged from their sockets when he saw my hairy chest. He moaned and immediately started combing his fingers through my hair. 

Cindy took my cock in hand and starting stroking, "Mmmm, you have a nice dick." She said and then leaned forward and licked from the base of my cock to the engorged head.

Derek stood up and removed his clothes, the guy was hairless except for his pubes. His dick stood out rock-hard and was six inches long, but not very thick. It may not have been all that big, but it was nicely shaped with a beautiful mushroom cap head. I found myself licking my lips in anticipation of getting my mouth around him. 

When he was completely nude, he joined Cindy on the floor between my wide spread legs. Grasping the base of my penis, Cindy guided my cock to Derek's hungry mouth. He didn't waste any time and swallowed my seven-inch dick down to the pubes. Derek was the first and only person - man or woman - to ever deep-throat me.

I moaned in pleasure as I felt my cock disappear completely into the warm wetness of Derek's mouth and throat. It felt amazing and was made even better when Cindy scooted down farther and started licking and sucking on my scrotum. She would roll first one testicle then the other around in her mouth with her tongue, then drew both between her lips and sucked hard on my sac.

I had my hand on the back of Derek's head as he bobbed up and down on my shaft, and since I knew he could take it, every few strokes, I would force his head down and feel my cock head penetrate his tight throat.

The entire time that he was sucking me off, he continued to run his fingers through my thick chest hair, stopping every so often to pinch, tweak and play with my hardened nipples. 

I looked over at Kyle who was still sitting in the same place on the couch, he was idle though. Somehow, without any of us noticing he had undressed and was stroking his cock. His dick wasn't as long as his friends', only about five inches, but it was very thick with a large mushroom shaped head - that I could easily imagine drilling into the back of my throat - and a gentle upward curve that I found inviting. For the moment, I kind of forgot about Derek's penis, I really wanted to suck on Kyle's hard thick cock. His balls were big and hairy, which I could have done without, but hey, we can't have everything. And while Kyle was stroking his cock with his right hand in a slow steady rhythm, he was sitting on his left hand with middle finger fingering his asshole. I could see it sliding in and out at that same slow, steady pace. It was quite a hot to watch.

But I had two heads in my own lap that I needed to get back to watching. Cindy had moved up from sucking on my balls, but was still fondling them with her fingers and her and Derek were taking turns swallowing my dick. Derek's head would go halfway down then bob back up only to return and swallow me whole, then he would relent - reluctantly it seemed - and give Cindy a chance at sucking my dick. She was good, but he was better... maybe that saying was true, it takes a man to know what a man likes and vice versa for women. Or, it could be that he was into it more than she was and where he was able to deep-throat, she wasn't. 

All I know is that it felt fucking awesome having two mouths pay homage to my hard penis, it was kind of a shame that it was going to have to end, but I really wanted to suck on a cock. I looked at Kyle and though about asking him to join us - just looking at his dick was making me salivate - but Kyle seemed content to stay where he was at the moment, biding his time until he was ready to join the three of us. As much as I wanted to suck him off right now, I had to respect that, tonight anyway was more about Derek.

"Derek," I said in a husky voice. "Get up on the couch." He did, moving to sit in the corner of the sectional, one leg stretched out straight on the couch, the other bent, with his foot planted on the floor. His cock stood straight up in the air, bobbing back and forth as though motioning me over. It was an invitation I couldn't refuse, and didn't want to anyway. I got on my hands knees on the couch facing him. His dick was already leaking precum, enough so that it was running down the underside of his cock, blazing a creamy trail toward his hairless balls.

"Mmmm," I moaned, and hungrily gathered his precum onto the tip of my tongue, I followed that stream up to the tip of his cock then popped the head into my mouth and sucked greedily. Now, at this point in my life, I was unable to deep-throat - I can now - but I was still determined to give Derek the best blowjob I could. Everything else in the room went out of focus. In the back of my mind, I knew Kyle was still masturbating and probably still fingering his anus and I could feel that Cindy had moved up beside me and was stroking my raging cock from beneath. But, at the moment, none of that mattered. My entire being was centered on the hard cock in front of me and on collecting as much of his delicious precum as I could. 

I took the head of his penis out of my mouth and pumped his cock a few times. It had the desired effect as his copious fluids pooled and seeped from the tip. I dipped my tongue into the little slit and licked it up, then swirled my tongue around the engorged purple head and lowered my face onto his crotch. Like I said, I couldn't deep-throat let, but Derek doesn't have a huge cock and I was able to take four inches down before I began to gag. Still, I held him there a moment and tried to fight the reflex, until I couldn't, and came up chocking, saliva ran from lips to his slippery cock as I coughed a couple of times. Not exactly my finest moment, but no one seemed to mind and I went back to sucking on him. My heads bobbed, my tongue twirled as I enjoyed every hard inch of his man meat. 

I felt movement beneath me on the couch and I looked back expecting to find Cindy positioning herself to suck on my bouncing dick again. But, it was a head of deep brown hair that was shimmying under my belly to get at my dick. I look farther down and the body was decidedly male, Kyle had come to join in on the fun.

When I looked over to where Kyle had been sitting, Cindy was in his place on the sofa. She was fondling and pinching her little pink nipples, while vigorously rubbing her crotch with the other hand. 

"God, watching you three guys, is so hot," she moaned and gasped as she brought herself closer and closer to orgasm. "Oh... oh..." she panted. "Oh John, get back to sucking his cock, 'cause here soon, I'm gonna need your dick in my pussy."

I didn't have to be told twice, I looked away from the magnificent view of Cindy pleasuring herself to Derek's throbbing member. I wasn't sure which one I wanted more. But seeing as it was cock in front of my face instead of pussy, I went back for more cock. I wrapped my lips around his shaft and again that delicious taste of precum rolled onto my tongue and I happily swallowed it down. 

Kyle's mouth was working wonders on my cock below as I attacked Derek's penis with a vengeance. I wanted him to fill my mouth with more than just precum, I wanted him to pump a load of his hot, creamy seed down my throat.

After a couple of minutes, I think I came very close to getting my wish, he was panting and breathing heavily. But off to the side, Cindy had begun to scream. We all looked over to see her ass gyrating wildly on the couch as she rubbed her clit and viciously slammed two fingers in and out of her cum dripping cunt. She was slumped on the couch, her ass completely off the cushion as she finished cumming, pussy juice dripped from her snatch onto the hardwood floor.

I looked up at Derek, then back to his hard, throbbing cock, then back to Derek again. I sighed a bit, "I guess that's my que, guys."

I got up and headed for Cindy, my swinging, jutting dick leading the way. I stopped at my pants and grabbed a condom from my pocket. I was just about to tear open the little foil packet, when Cindy spoke up, "You don't need that, not yet anyway."

With a shrug, I tossed the packet back on the floor, put both hands under her perfect little ass and lay her on the sofa lengthwise. I got on the couch with her and slid between her legs. 

"Are you ready for it, baby?" I asked her.

"Oh yeah, give it to me, John." Cindy moaned.

I positioned myself just inside her creamy folds and in one thrust, slid my shaft all the way into her little honeypot. God, she was tight and hot, and oh so wet. She truly was a sweet little piece of ass and if I hadn't been drunk, I might have shot my load the moment I entered her. Her pussy was like a velvet vice as it squeezed and pulled at my cock. 

I got into a rhythm as I started fucking her, one that she matched as she lifted and thrust her hips each time I slammed my cock home, my heavy balls making a load thwack as they hit against her rosebud anus. Every couple of thrusts, I would rotate my hips, which ground my pelvis into her clit. Soon she was moaning and anticipating every time I would mash her little love button. 

She was driving me crazy as she groaned in pleasure and played with her tits, rubbing them together, pinching and tweaking her pretty, pink nipples. And all the while her lithe young body was writhing and gyrating against me, her smooth shaved pussy tightening and clenching around my aching shaft.

There were a couple of times that I almost lost it and came in that little cunt, but I was able to hold back, if barely. I needed her to cum again, I knew Derek still wanted another turn with my cock and the whole deal for tonight was that he wanted me to cum in his ass, albeit with a condom on. And in order to make that happen, I needed to rest for a couple of minutes. So, I really needed to make this young lady cum, and now.

I reached down and mashed my thumb on her clit, rubbing against the tiny bud vigorously, about thirty seconds of that was all it took. She started thrashing and screaming, her cunt milking my cock as she spasmed and squirmed through an orgasm. 

I pulled my rock-hard dick from her pulsating pussy lips and practically flung myself back on the couch, I was panting hard, I was breathing so heavy. My balls were tight and drawn up and near to bursting. My whole body was aching with an overwhelming desire to loose my own pent-up sperm.
