 Joe stood staring down at the dark haired beauty with her lips stretched around his cock. Her eyes closed, happily sucking him back like it was the best thing she'd ever tasted, his toes literally curling in the carpet as he felt his dick hit the back of her throat, he really began to groan. As stunned as he was elated, his gaze drifted over to her equally gorgeous twin, down on her knees on the living room carpet, right beside her sister, sucking on his cousin Brent's cock like she was desperate to have him fill her up, too. 

He blinked his eyes. Was this even real? 

Finally he nudged Brent in the ribs with his elbow, and nodded at the girls knelt before them, asking him, "How the fuck is this even happening?" 

"I don't know," Brent replied, "seems they just can't get enough. When I woke up after the accident I had one with her pussy on my face, and my dick planted in the other one. And it's been like that ever since." 

Holy shit, talk about a dream come true. Stumbling upon two gorgeous insatiable identical twins that wanted nothing more than to be fucked, suck cock and be used any way they saw fit to use them, pretty much non-stop. Sure if he told his buddies what was happening right now, they'd tell him he was full of shit, Joe was just glad that Brent was here to make it feel more real. Working together side by side in their reno business, as close as brothers for as long as he could remember, they'd shared a lot over the years, good times and bad, but nothing even close to something as insane as this before. 

This had to take the cake, to be standing naked in a house with a snow storm raging outside, passing the time with two stunning crazy hot horny women, who it seemed had been desperate to get some action when they luckily happened upon them. 

And since he'd arrived on his snowmobile, to check on his cousin Brent after he'd heard he'd crashed his car, Joe had come so many times that he'd actually lost count. First getting sucked off the moment he'd gotten his clothes off and got in the bedroom with hot little Kim, before she'd ridden him hard and kissed him almost senseless, and then playing all kinds of kinky games together before he found himself beside his cousin getting their cocks blown, this whole thing was so mind-bending that it seemed almost too crazy to be real. 

They'd only just gotten out of the bedroom, when they saw that Brent was being blown by her sister. Not to be outdone, his delightful little twin had decided she'd like to suck him off, too. Nothing this wild had ever happened to him before, and as she began to draw his balls into her mouth and suck, rolling them over her tongue, his jaw clenching, and his eyes rolling back in his head as he fought the urge to just let go and come, Joe wondered what he'd done to deserve something as truly amazing as this. It had been a while since he'd been with a woman, since he didn't have the time for a relationship with the hours they kept working for themselves, he figured he'd sure as hell hit the jackpot with hot little Kim, since with the determined way she was sucking on him, the little sex pot seemed hell-bent on milking him drier than he'd ever been milked. 

His cock already pulsing pretty freaking hard, ready to give up its load, Kim smiled up into Joe's eyes and wrapped her lips around him sucked him even deeper. And holy fuck, did that ever feel good as his dick slid over her tongue all the way down her throat. Amazingly she seemed to have no gag reflex, able to take the whole thing, and he knew he wasn't exactly small. Chasing an orgasm that was just out of reach, slamming his eyes shut, Joe clutched at her head and rocked on his heels and began to fuck her pretty mouth. And realizing that she enjoyed it as much as he was from the way she was moaning, he didn't hold back and really began to piston in and out of her nice and fast, till she was squealing and drawing him back so deep he was sure he was seeing stars. He'd been given head before plenty of times, but damn, it was never this good, not even close. Sucking him back so hard and so far down her throat, he wondered how she was even able to breathe, the moment he felt himself letting go, he clutched her head on either side and groaned as he shot his load, pumping his hips to drive his cock into her even further, he gave her everything he had as he filled her throat with an amazing amount of his hot seed, especially considering how many times he'd already filled her. 

Brent enjoying his own piece of heaven, with his cock lodged deep in Kaylee's throat, looked over and just the sight of his cousin's cum leaking out of the corner of the other twin's mouth had his balls tightening and a wickedly hard tingling sensation racing straight up his spine, letting him know he was about to lose it, too. Clutching Kaylee's head in his hands, he began to relentlessly fuck into her mouth, growling as her throat tightened around him, drawing him back even deeper than he even thought she could, as he began to shoot his load in wave after wave, filling her mouth to almost overflowing with his cum. Her hands tight on his ass, Kaylee's gaze fixed on his, she refused to let him budge until he'd emptied everything last thing he had down her throat. And looking down at her, she smiled up into his eyes as she lapped the last of his cum off his pulsing cock. And she even made a point of sucking the crown into the heat of her mouth again, just to be sure she got every last drop, happily smacking her lips once she was satisfied that she'd gotten it all. 

Finally, feeling unbelievably sated, both Joe and Brent groaned at once and dropped onto the couch behind them, looking over at each other both of them flashed grateful smiles. Sure they'd never shared anything as raw or as dirty, they both heaved a breath as they girls crawled into their laps and wrapped themselves around them, pressing their nice big breasts to their chests while they kissed them. 

Brent just knew they had to be in kinky shit heaven with these two, because where else could they be? 

"You hungry?" Kaylee asked Brent, brushing back the hair from his eyes, and softly kissing his mouth as she playfully toyed with his nipples, unable to keep her hands off him. 

Feeling the same way about her, squeezing her soft little ass in his hands, he nodded and told her, "Yeah, I could eat." 

Grinning, she pressed another kiss to his lips, and told him, "Then I guess we'll just have to feed you two, huh?" 

And as the pair of them jiggled their sweet little asses and nice big tits into the kitchen, Joe looked over at Brent and told him, "Now I'm hoping this snowstorm never blows over. Not if we can keep doing this." 

Brent chuckled and agreed, "I hear ya. You know I still can't believe I wound up here with the two of them. It almost seems surreal. But if it turns out it really is a dream, I'm just hoping I never wake up." 

His cock still humming from being sucked that long and hard, Joe couldn't agree more. It was like they'd stumbled into some kind of lust-filled paradise, with two willing women as hot as they were who wanted nothing more than to be fucked and to be able suck them dry whenever they pleased, he was sure his cock had never had such a thorough work out. And he already knew the girls weren't nearly done with them yet, and was there was even more hot fun to come. His imagination running wild, he wondered just how far the little vixens would be willing to go to get themselves off, and he just hoped it would be something even crazier than what they'd already done. 

They ate together naked at the kitchen table, with a girl in each of their laps. And Kaylee and Kim had fun feeding their studly men, stealing kisses and laughs between bites. "The weather report says this storm could go on for at least another day or two, seems it's stalled right where it is," Kim informed them as she playfully nipped and licked at Joe's chin where she'd dripped a little mayo. 

Joe grinned over at Brent wiggling his eyebrows. Oh fuck, yeah, bring it on. It wasn't like they could go to work, since everything was shut down, so, that only left them with one option, to fuck these two little beauties silly. 

Since the girls had done the cooking making them some pretty delicious club sandwiches, and fries, the guys insisted on clearing up after they'd finished their meal. And once they were done and got back to the living room, they could hardly believe their eyes. Kim was sitting on the couch, coyly grinning and holding up a bottle of lube, and Kaylee was bent over on her knees beside her, giving them an eyeful of both her snatch and her tight little asshole, that was already glistening with lube. "Thought we'd give our pussies a little rest," Kim explained, squirting a good size dollop of lube into her palm. 

And before they knew it, Kim had each of their cocks in her hands, slicking them up and getting them pretty fucking hard at the same time, especially since she kept licking at them both and teasing them with her tongue. And then finally she put the lube aside and joined her sister clutching the back of the couch, presenting her ass to them, ready to be filled. 

"Fuck," Joe muttered, trying to remember the last time a girl had willingly offered up her ass to him, never mind seeing two tight little assholes, just begging to be fucked. 

Never one to look a gift horse in the mouth, or this case, a gift ass, Brent just shook his head and fisted his cock in his hand and began to stroke it. Then he got down on his knees, opened his mouth wide and lashed his tongue from the front of Kaylee's hot little pussy all the way back to her tight little butt hole, where he pushed just the tip against it, while filling her cunt with two fingers and giving her a nice little finger fuck. "Oh, god, yes," Kaylee murmured, throwing back her head, her long dark hair trailing down her back as he worked his fingers in and out of her pussy and licked into her ass. "Oh, yes, please," she begged, softly whimpering as he pushed a finger past the resistance of her tight little hole and began to work it in and out, already imagining how good it would feel filled up with the thickness of his long hard cock. 

"You want me to fuck your ass, baby?" Brent murmured in a hot breath against her ear, once he got to his feet, and clutched his cock in his hand and began to tease at her opening with the tip, running it back and forth just to make her squirm and whimper a little more. "You want to feel my cock filling up your tight little hole?" 

"Oh, yes, Brent, please," she begged. "Fuck my ass, and fill me up." 

Brent grinned over at Joe who was already pushing a finger into Kim's ass. "My pleasure," he murmured as he worked his way in a little deeper, pushing past the initial resistance, and groaning as he slid into her a little more with every thrust of his hips. "Damn, you feel good," he told her as his cock slowly began to tunnel its way inside her. She was just so fucking tight, and his cock was in absolute heaven. 

Joe was reverently kissing Kim's back as he switched out his finger for his cock. "You want some of this?" he asked her as he pushed past her tight little opening, popping his cockhead inside her and beginning to fill her up. 

"Oh, yes, please, Joe, fill me up nice and tight," Kim pleaded, clutching the back of the couch in a death grip as she felt the long hard length of him sinking deep into her ass, making her throw back her head and moan as he filled her up tighter than she'd ever dreamed of being filled. And then when he pushed three fingers into her pussy, breaking into a full body quiver, she was sure she'd never felt so full or as satisfied. "Oh, fuck, yeah, just like that," Kim groaned as he pushed into her with both his fingers and his cock, packing both her holes almost to the point of pain, until slowly it began to morph into the sweetest sensation imaginable as he hit every last nerve ending just right, in both her pussy and ass, really getting her squealing as she thrust her hips back, silently pleading for even more as he worked them both in and out of her nice and hard. 

"Jesus," Joe muttered as he flexed his hips and slid his cock into the heat of Kim's snug little ass. His fingers buried deep in her squelching pussy, he thought he'd come just from the sight of her surrendering her body to him, desperately hungry for all he had to give her. His cock thicker than he'd ever seen it stretching her back hole as he fucked it he couldn't imagine anything hotter. But when he glanced over wide-eyed and watched his cousin's cock sliding in and out of Kaylee's tight little ass, he was convinced he'd been wrong, realizing the sight of both their fat cocks sliding in and out of a pair of tight little assholes was definitely the hottest thing he'd ever seen. Never mind the desperate sounds the four of them were making as the girl's asses were being plowed good and hard with both their long hard dicks working them over, as they teased their pussies with her fingers. 

Brent and Joe locked eyes, as they pumped their cocks in and out of the twins, so glad they were both there, to not only witness, but to share in something as crazy and wild as this. The two of them like this side by side, fucking the girl's so nasty and hard was like a fantasy that neither of them could even have dreamed up. "Nice, huh?" Brent muttered as he clutched Kaylee's hips and plowed his dick into her deep. 

"More like fucking amazing," Joe muttered, as his balls began to slap hard against Kim's ass, as he filled her to the max with every last inch of his long hard pulsing cock. "You know, I really think I've died and gone to heaven. Because this is what I imagine it would be like, nothing but red hot pussy and tight little asses, all day and all night, just like here." 

Chuckling, Brent groaned as he kept pumping in and out of Kaylee, muttering, "You and me both, I still can't believe how hot these two are." 

Then Kim suddenly screamed, as her whole body began to tingle, feeling one hell of an amazing orgasm begin to wash over her from head to toe as Joe continued to fill her ass and work her pussy, and Kaylee soon followed right behind her, muttering, "Oh, damn, I'm going to come so fucking hard, if you keep fucking my ass like that, Brent." 

Hearing that, Joe nodded and groaned as his balls began to tighten, and he was right there with them, ready to fill her ass to overflowing as his cock began to pulse inside Kim deep and hard. 

But it was Brent who started the chain reaction, throwing back his head and yelling, "Oh, fuck yeah," as he pushed into Kaylee's ass so deep, he wondered how he hadn't pushed her body right over the top end of the couch. He groaned out loud as his cock pulsed for what felt like forever, as he felt Kaylee clamping down wickedly hard on him inside her, grunting her own satisfaction as she visibly shook from head to toe as she came in a rush, her hot juices gushing down along her thighs. 

Finally spent and weak-kneed, both men could only stare amazed as they grabbed hold of their cocks and slipped them out of the twin's asses, mesmerized at the kinky sight of matching streams of white milky cum trickling out of both their slightly gaping assholes. Joe shook his head, fighting to catch his breath looking over at his cousin Brent, sure that he'd never witnessed anything as dirty or erotic as the girl's asses dripping with their cum and both their pussies pulsing every bit as hard as the guy's still hard cocks both pulsed in tandem. 

"You ever see anything like that?" Joe asked Brent, grabbing up a glob of his cum in his fingers and smearing it over Kim's pussy, just to hear her whimper a little more. Inspired at the sight of it, he went a little further and smeared it all over, painting her ass and her lower back, happily grinning at the sight of her literally dripping with his cum. 

Brent followed suit, happily using his cock to cover Kaylee's ass with his cum, too. Running it up and down the crack of her ass and even shoving a little into her pulsing pussy, he had her whimpering pretty loudly, too. He was glad to be marking their territory, since he had a feeling this was only the start of one crazy relationship for the four of them. At least he knew he'd be back, at least once he found the strength to finally leave this all behind - providing he ever did. 

Because, honestly, how could he ever hope to find anything even close to this again. Tired of women who played hard to get, saying no when they meant yes, Brent was more than thrilled to discover a pair like these two little beauties who made no secret of the fact that they had a very healthy love of carnal pursuits. And he didn't see why women couldn't enjoy fucking around as much as men did. And it seemed to make sense, since they obviously really seemed to enjoy getting off together. These two were living proof that women could enjoy sex as much as any man, especially with the way they were still trembling, and awash in cum yet grinning at them over their shoulders and looking like they could already go again, providing the guys were game. 

Utterly spent, and still breathing pretty hard, deciding they needed a break, Brent and Joe each grabbed a twin by the waist and tugged them onto the floor with them. Wrapping their arms around them, they gently kissed them as they nestled the girl's naked bodies over theirs. "That was incredible," Brent murmured, running his hands up and down Kaylee's back, and feathering grateful kisses all over her face. 

"Tell me about it," she told him with a smile her voice he could hear, as she bent down to lick her tongue all around his nipple. Then she looked up at him, playfully waggled her eyebrows and suggested, "And maybe later on, you two could take turns with us, filling us up with both your cocks." 

Hearing that, Joe's eyes rolled all the way to the back of his head. Never dreaming that he'd ever be part of something so crazy hot, he couldn't believe his dick was already twitching at the thought of both he and his cousin fucking one of the these little nymphos at the same time, with one them buried deep her pussy and the other packed tight in her ass. Just the thought of it was getting him hard again. 

Kim looked up at Joe and flashed him a naughty grin. "Figured since we have you both here, at least until the storm blows over, we might as well have some fun and enjoy our time together, doing things we'd never normally get to do. You know its lonely living out here in the country with no one around." 

He could understand how they felt, and he was sure having fun with them, and his dick was over the freaking moon, having never seen so much action in its entire life. Normally never into anything overly kinky, Joe couldn't believe how much he was enjoying the hell out of these two, more than willing to satisfy every last one of the dirty little wishes. 

Eventually, they actually took a break together and just talked. Kim and Kaylee explaining how convenient it was to work from home, especially living in the middle of nowhere in the house their parents had left them. Joe and Brent told them they liked keeping their own schedule, too, working their own business doing house renovations and repairs. And much like the twins, they'd been together for most of their lives, and were as close as brothers, having grown up together living side by side in two houses in town. 

Later they had a few drinks and watched a little TV, laughing themselves silly watching the movie Trains, Planes and Automobiles together, before they tuned into the news to hear the latest on the storm. Brent and Joe grinning over at each other knowingly as the weather report thankfully called for nothing but snow, snow and more snow for the next few days. Seems they weren't going anywhere just yet. As long as they had food and water, and could still get their dicks up, they figured they were set. And of course the girls just smiled and reached for their cocks and began to stroke them in their hands the moment they realized that their kinky fun was likely to go on for a long while yet. 
