 Author's note: This is a pretty tame and downright cliché story to introduce. But I had to write about the summer in college that was literally the hottest, and one of the most sex filled you could imagine. I will be submitting a few more stories from the same summer, but I had to start somewhere. I hope you enjoy. And please comment. 

***

One summer in college, I shared an apartment with two brunettes and a redhead. {I thought about writing the story with a blonde, a brunette, and a redhead, but it would have lost some authenticity.} Truly, one of the brunettes was my girlfriend. Jill was tall, with long curly hair, and amazing breasts. The other two were her best friends from class. Missy, a curvaceous party girl, had long curly red hair, with blue eyes and freckles to match. And Liz was a petite athlete with smaller tits, but a great ass and runner's legs.

The apartment was pretty shitty, since it was college housing. It was a three bedroom, with a tiny kitchen, and no air conditioning. The lack of air conditioning really sucked, given that it was the hottest summer we'd ever experienced. The only upside was that we all dressed pretty minimally, trying to stay cool. The girls got pretty used to me hanging around shirtless, in my lacrosse shorts. And I had the pleasure of them wearing daisy-duke cut-offs and bikini tops constantly. Each of us had a part time job, and one or two summer classes. But there was a lot of time spent lounging around, and the usual college partying.

Jill and I were screwing like jack-rabbits, given our steady relationship. Some weekend days we'd do it seven or eight times, easy. Missy was totally single, and Liz had a boy friend from high-school who still lived back home. Every once in a while Missy would hook up with somebody, but she was far from a slut. And Liz marveled at the frequency of other's sexual escapades, playing the innocent card. But she was actually quite the horny nympho type, and probably jealous. 

We had our share of close calls, and plenty of temptation. Every time I crossed paths with one of the towel-clad girls on the way in or out of the only bathroom, my mind raced to the gutter. Jill and I were fucking so often, it wasn't unusual for one of the other girls to walk in on us. 

One night, Jill, Missy and I were sitting around getting the scoop on Missy's latest date. She was insisting that she had only given him a blowjob, but hadn't yet had sex with him. We argued that she was lying; not believing anyone would stop there.

"...But, you didn't want to fuck him?" Jill asked with a strong tone of skepticism.

"I do. But, not just yet." Missy replied. "I think he was OK with a blowjob though. Believe me!"

I had been quiet for a minute, but decided to chime in, "I'd be OK with a blowjob."

"Shut up. Like you don't get it enough," Jill cut me off.

"I do. But, I never get blowjobs," I argued. 

The fact was, even though Jill and I had tons of sex, we had very little oral sex. It was almost like we didn't want to take the time. Crazy, looking back. I know. 

"Whatever!" Jill tried to deflect. 

"Wait. Wait. What?" Missy asked curiously. 

"I never get blowjobs. I can't remember the last time," I replied, honestly.

"Are you kidding?" Missy asked in disbelief. Her question directed at Jill, not me.

"Shut up. Don't listen to him," Jill insisted.

Missy looked at me, and the look on my face must have said it all. She crossed the room, and pushed her way onto the couch, next to Jill. She curled her legs up underneath her, like she was getting ready to listen to a campfire ghost story.

"Soooo....why won't you suck his dick?" she eagerly quizzed.

Jill sighed, relenting, "I don't know. I do......just not very often."

"Do you not like it?" Missy was like a little kid, with never ending questions. 

"I don't know.....It's OK." Jill replied, "Obviously not as much as you!"

At this point, it was pure entertainment value for me. Admittedly, the subject was giving me a stiffy. But I was also purely entertained by my usually sex crazed girlfriend seeming prudish, and on the defensive.

"I do like it." Missy said. "Are you grossed out by it or something?"

"No."

"Well, what then? ...Blow jobs are fun. The guy likes it, and you can do it whenever."

"I dunno....maaaaybeee...," Jill hesitated, "...I don't think I'm very good at it. So I'd rather do other stuff."

"What?!" Missy shouted, "That's no excuse....how can you not be good at it?" Looking at me, "You don't think she's good?"

"Whoa. I never said that."

We all sat quiet for a second. And then Missy very matter of fact announced, "Well, there's only one way to get better..."

"That's what I'm talking about!" My response earned me a swat from Jill.

"Seriously," Missy insisted.

"No. I don't know what I'm doing." Jill said, looking for an excuse.

Another awkward pause, except this time I was smart enough to keep my mouth shut.

Finally, Missy offered, "Then I'll teach you."

"What?! ...You're crazy!" Jill argued. "What...you want me to suck on a banana or something?"

"No. On Pat....Then he can tell you what's good."

"No way!"

"Come on," Missy insisted, "It's not like I haven't seen you two doin it before."

By this time, my eyes were bugging out of my head in disbelief. And my hard-on was doing the same thing in my shorts. Missy and I both stared at Jill.

"What... Now?" Jill rolled her eyes, as Missy took her beer bottle out of her hand, and set both their drinks on the coffee table. She slid the table over a few feet, sat back down, and pointed to the floor at my feet.

"Come on." Missy ordered.

Jill reluctantly slid to the floor, and sat on one hip.

Missy slid closer to me, her bikini clad breasts brushing against my arm. Jill had a hold of my rapidly hardening cock, through the fabric of my shorts. Both girls were as visibly aroused as I was, with hard nipples poking through their bikini tops. Jill massaged the handful she had of my shorts, enough that the head of my cock escaped my waistband.

Jill looked up at me with a smart assed grin, "I suppose you're OK with this?"

I looked down at my groin, and smiled wide. Suddenly, Missy's finger tips slid along my stomach and I felt chills run down my spine. She hooked her fingers around my waistband, and pulled them back to reveal the entire package. She looked at Jill, and nodded at my shorts. Jill took the hint, and reached a hand along either side of my hips, taking a handful of waistband in each. I lifted my butt off the seat, as my girlfriend pulled my shorts to the floor. I sat there, naked, and finally realized what was happening.

Jill shifted to her knees and sat on her feet, and her luscious breasts hung between my knees. Missy rolled to her knees beside me on the couch. Her breasts were a touch bigger than Jill's; but both girls had beautiful, round C cups. Now Missy's were staring me in the face, barely contained in her bikini. There was no mistaking the look on her face, as she stared at my cock. I looked down at Jill, who appeared to be patiently awaiting instructions from her teacher. 

"OK...let's see what ya got," Missy ordered.

Jill breathed a quick sigh, and took my cock in her hand. Just as she opened her mouth and started to lower her head, Missy interrupted.

"Wait, wait!....You don't just start right in."

I realized I was holding my breath in anticipation, and let out a deep exhale. 

"Oh, good grief," Jill complained.

"Come on, if you want to do it right...do it right." Missy continued, "Just start with some kissing, or playing with him a bit....Ya have to build him up."

Jill was slowly massaging my cock, and then lowered her head to my chest. She began little pecks around my chest, and up to my neck. As she leaned over, her breasts pressed into my crotch. I wanted to immediately start fucking her tits, and throw her to the floor, but I knew this would be worth the wait. As she kissed her way down my stomach, I stretched my arms over my head and looked up to the ceiling. Missy was staring at my face with an evil grin. She looked back down at Jill, and as I settled my arms back down, my hand found a home on Missy's hip.

"Ooh, I know.....Try this..." Missy offered. And she placed her hand on my chest. She curled her fingers and then lightly scratched her nails down my stomach. The chills shot through my body, and I tried not to show how good Missy's touch felt. 

Jill reached both hands up to my chest, and repeated the motion. Her nails traced down my stomach, and as they crossed my groin I melted into the couch. She continued down my thighs a bit, as my body tensed with pleasure. 

Taking my cock in her hand again, Jill's warm lips finally found my cock. She began slowly bobbing her head up and down, about half of my length. I settled my head back again, to enjoy myself, and saw Missy once again staring. She had one finger curled to her lip, lightly biting her nail as if trying to make a big decision. As I looked over her breasts, I casually slid my hand down her back, and then brought it to rest on her knee, which was folded beneath her.

"OK, that's not bad," Missy critiqued, as she shifted to her knees. She leaned way over, elbows on her knees, and innocently rested her hands on my hip. Her face hovered just a foot over my crotch, getting a close up of the action. "What are you doing with your tongue?"

Jill looked up, and took a breath, "What? I dunno."

"Well, you need to lick too."

My hand was caressing Missy's back, and as Jill looked up at me, I hoped she didn't care. Then she started licking me like a lollipop.

"Wait," Jill stopped herself, "you mean like this, or while it's in my mouth?"

Missy nodded enthusiastically, "Yeah! All that!"

Jill sighed, closed her eyes, and resumed licking my aching cock. First she continued licking at my head, and then closed her mouth over it, wiggling her tongue around inside. I was really starting to enjoy myself, and Missy had noticed. She raised her ass off her heels, and shifted her knees back. Her ass was arched in the air behind her, but her upper body rested on her elbows, and her breasts hung by my side. She could have set her chin on my hip as she watched, but instead she turned to see my reactions. I wasn't sure what I was going to get away with as my hand reached for her ass. But she leaned it in to me. And as Jill worked over my cock head, I clutched and full handful of Missy's round ass.

"You like that?" Missy asked, and startled my eyes open. I thought she was commenting about my grabbing her ass, but she nodded at Jill who was looking up at me with a mouthful.

"Oh...yeah." I murmured. 

"OK, now mix it up a little," Missy instructed.

"Uh, like what?" Jill asked, staring at me.

"Lick all over...use your hands...." Missy explained, "just don't do the same thing over and over."

Jill resumed her work, and Missy added, "...and don't forget his balls."

Jill huffed, and rolled her eyes at Missy like she had too much to do.

"And do it all at once, too." Missy ordered, giggling.

Jill laughed, "Fuck you! You do it!"

My mind raced, wondering if that was the moment ...and it was. Missy grabbed my wet cock, and held it tight.

"I'll do it," she claimed, "I'll show you what I mean."

"Be my guest," Jill offered, straightening herself up. She was half calling Missy's bluff, and half asking her to take over the workload.

Missy slid her fist down to the base of my rigid cock, turned her head sideways to look right at Jill. She lowered her mouth, licking sideways from the tip right to her hand, like she was wetting the rolling paper of a big cigarette. Jill raised her eyebrows, and bit her lower lip. I didn't know if she was turned on, or nervous about her friend licking her boyfriend, or both. I stared into her eyes, and when she finally looked up at me, she was visibly relieved to see me return her gaze. I tried to focus on her, instead of the incredible sensation Missy was giving me as she stroked my cock with her hand and licked its bulbous head at the same time

Just as I was starting to squirm from Missy's expertise, she stopped suddenly.

"You try it." Missy ordered.

I was now in heaven, and it was getting better by the minute. Jill mimicked all of Missy's technique masterfully, and I was really building up. My hands wandered over both the girls. One squeezing Missy's ass, while the other cupped Jill's breast between my legs. They really had me nearing the edge, and I started to resist a bit. I tried to take a little control, reaching for Jill's body as they traded off and on. But Missy wouldn't let me.

"You guys are incredible," I begged, "I can't take this anymore."

"OK, we need to slow down a bit," Missy was back to teaching.

"Oh my God," I sighed. 

"Let's tease him a bit." Missy instructed, as she sat up and reached an arm behind her back. I watched in slow motion as she tugged the string of her bikini, and pulled the top away from her chest. Her round breasts bounced for a second as the soft, smooth flesh blossomed into view. Her nipples had already been erect, but the pink protrusions on her pale breast made a nice contrast from the heavily freckled skin on her upper chest and shoulders.

Jill still had a grip on my throbbing cock, and released it as she sat back to reveal her own exquisite rack. Missy nearly pushed her aside as she slid down between my legs. She hovered over my lap, and carefully dragged her nipples along my inner thigh, and up over my groin. The light sensation gave me the shivers once again.

"Try this," Missy instructed, as she gathered her ample bosom in her hands. She set her chest on my lap, positioning my cock between her tits, and then slowly slid further down between my legs.

"Oh, I know he likes that," Jill reassured her. Then she climbed up the couch, kneeling next to me. She leaned over, pressed her chest to my face, and squeezed her breasts together between her upper arms. I was smothered, and in pure delight. Missy was increasing the tempo with which she stroked me with her tits. And I tried to lick and suck at every inch of Jill's perfect set.

Jill pecked a kiss on top of my head, and purred softly, "You doin OK, baby?"

"I think I'm gonna explode," I stammered between breaths. 

Jill released my face from her bosom, and kissed her way down my stomach. As my cockhead appeared again between the tops of Missy 's breasts, Jill lashed out with her tongue. She forced her mouth over me, and pushed Missy out of the way with her shoulder. She worked her tongue over my entire length, soaking it with her saliva. She positioned herself back between my legs, and resumed the tit fucking that Missy had started. The fresh coat of saliva let my cock slide easily between her firm breasts, and I knew if she worked hard enough, Jill could make me cum right there.

When I finally looked up, Jill was staring at me with a devilish grin. Next to her was her best friend, also on her knees. Missy was circling one of her nipples with her middle finger, and her other hand was at her mouth, again with one finger curled to her lips. She was staring at my cock as it penetrated between Jill's breasts. Suddenly reaching down, Missy palmed my stomach to steady herself as her mouth sought out my cock. When she found it, she consumed it, ending the tit-fucking session.

I was disappointed for only a second, as Jill lowered her face to Missy's. She turned her head sideways, and licked along my shaft. I could see Jill's tongue against Missy's lips as the two girls devoured my cock. I felt Jill's hand on my thigh between my legs, and it quickly slid up to massage my balls. The girls began to alternate positions, with one on the head and one on the base of my cock. I couldn't tell whose mouth was doing what anymore. Nor did I care. It was sensory overload, and I was building to one hell of an orgasm.

I was writhing with pleasure, and nearing the edge when Missy stopped the proceedings yet again. She positioned her face directly over me, and nodded for Jill to watch. Her tongue reached out and curled around the tip of my cock, and her mouth opened wide. She slowly slid her open mouth over me, keeping her tongue wrapped in a "u" around the shaft. When the tip of my cock hit the back of her mouth, her lips closed around it. The hot, wet sensation was unreal, and she bobbed her head a few times. The full contact caress of her tongue felt amazing. 

As Missy moved aside, Jill positioned herself to repeat the performance. Again I felt a hot tongue envelope my raging hardon. Again I watched as a mouth closed over me, and began to move. Jill sought to master this new technique, and it didn't take her long. Without thinking, my hand pawed for Missy's breast. I drew her hard nipple into my mouth, and my tongue resumed the swirling that her finger had been applying.

Jill repositioned her lower body on the couch beside me, opposite where Missy was kneeling. She worked feverishly, massaging my entire cock with her tongue. My cockhead crashed into the back of her mouth, and I began to squirm. Missy laid herself down, and each girl had a hand on my hips, holding me down. I was almost there, and just wanted to release. As much as I enjoyed the view of these two girls working me over, I closed my eyes, trying to hang on as long as I could. 

The last bit of fight I had was washed away in an instant, as I felt a firm hot tongue probe into my balls. Jill's mouth still wrapped my cock, and Missy's tongue curled and twisted and massaged my balls. My ass raised off the couch, muscles clenched. Too much for the girls to hold onto, I bucked up into Jill's face. My orgasm erupted from deep within, and Jill forced her mouth over me as deep as she could go. The first stream hit the back of her throat, and filled her mouth. She tried desperately to swallow it all down, but the second load was too much. As my hot cum gushed from her lips, and oozed down my cock, Jill struggled to keep swallowing it all. It didn't matter, as her friend was there to catch what she missed. Missy lapped at the gobs of cum on my shaft, and sucked around it where she could reach.

I went to another planet. My incredible orgasm seemed to last forever, and then not long enough. Two mouths worked over my spent cock, and gently licked at my balls, gathering every drop that was spilt. I was heaving and short of breath, struggling to recover. I couldn't believe what had just happened. Missy rolled to her back, resting her head on my hip. I watched her breasts settle to her chest, as she licked her lips. Jill stayed face down, resting her head on my stomach.

"See...That was fun," Missy broke the silence.

"So, you want more of that, huh?" Jill said, looking up at me, batting her long eyelashes.

"Uh...yeah. I think we should definitely do more of that," I replied, stating the obvious.

After a long pause, Missy offered an excellent idea, "Or....maybe we need to have some more lessons."