 Laura's Visit... And The
"One In A Million Challenge


I was happy to see that the plane was on time... soon I would see my Luv in person. Laura and I started chatting on IM a couple months ago, and our harmless, friendly, get to know you chat went from mild to wild. With the freedom and anonymity that fantasy ID names provide, all inhibitions are lost. You can, and do, say things that you may never say to a spouse or even your closest friend. Our chat sizzled. 

Ah... there she is I said to myself as I saw her leave the plane. We had exchanged pictures, so there was no problem recognizing each other, but she was far more beautiful in person. We hugged a long close rocking hug and separated just enough to examine each others face and share a welcome kiss. Just a short respectful kiss with a slight touch of tongue... to announce to each other... this promises to be a fantastic 2 days. OMFG you taste good!!!

With just a carry on bag, we didn't need to wait for her luggage... we went straight to the parking lot. As she slid into the passenger side, I got a fleeting glimpse of the top of her thigh high pull-ups. It was like an electric shook to my cock. I said to myself... relax Tiger or I won't be able to drive.

The short, 15 minute drive to the hotel was filled with small talk about the flight, the weather in Dallas, and how hot it has been. I told her my plans for the evening starting with an early dinner, and then a few drinks at the comedy club, and an early night. 

We checked in about 5 pm, and went to the room. We were just going to relax for a few minutes, but that glimpse of her thigh, and one look at the inviting Jacuzzi changed everything. I said, what do you think, Baby? She answered..."It's just what I need. You know, I have no fear of flying, but I do find I sometimes get a little tense. That would relax me great."

I said, Strip down gorgeous, while I turn it on. When I got back in the bedroom, she was down to her beautiful lacy bra and matching thong, and her thigh highs. What a mag-fucking-nificant sight. I couldn't hold back. I threw my arms around her and we started a tongue dance kiss that lasted a full 3 or 4 minutes. During that time I had managed to remove her bra while she removed my shirt. We parted just long enough to remove the rest of our clothing and went into the Jacuzzi. These first class hotels do things right. The small refrigerator had a couple splits of champagne. I opened one and poured 2 glasses while Laura found the spot in the Jacuzzi that had a jet just right to play on her clit. We joked about how the hotel truly did prepare for everything. 

Soft music was playing... drinking champagne... a jet on her clit... and her hand slowly squeezing and stroking my cock... there is no way it could be better than this. At Laura's urging, I sat on the top of the spa and had my cock at face level with Laura. With the jet on her clit, and my cock in her face, she announced that she needed to cum, and that she wanted to make me cum at the same time. She started to suck my cock with the skill that only cums with someone who totally enjoys what she is doing. She is so fucking skilled that I didn't last as long as normal, and as she broke away to tell me she was cumming, I shot a 3 ropes of cum... one on her face, one on her tits, and the last one in her mouth. 

After we showered, we laid on the bed while we recovered from the intense cums that we both had enjoyed. Although we had cum together while chatting and phone sex and cams... this was unbelievable. Like it had been building up for months... and indeed it had been. 

Dinner was great, and I'm not sure if it was the food, or the fact that Laura had her hand resting on my thigh through most of the dinner. Laura is soooooo fucking hot that a simple "hello" can sound like "cum fuck me hard cowboy... and I mean right now".  

The Improv was fun, and we laughed a lot. But, like a couple of luv sick, horny pups... we couldn't keep our hands off each other. While she gently and sometimes not to gently, squeezed my cock through my pants, I had been able to slide my hand up her thigh and push her thong to the side so I could stroke her clit. We laughed politely, but I don't think we really heard much of the stand-up comics routine.

Back at the hotel, we suddenly became very quiet and romantic. Kissing and cuddling and rubbing and stroking each other like a worship ceremony. Like we had both discovered something rare and beautiful and we didn't want to hurt or break it. 

I kissed and sucked her wonderful tits, and gently squeezed and rubbed them. As she lay quietly and the soft music played in the background, I licked and kissed my way to her delicious pussy. I paid tribute to her beauty and licked and sucked and stroked until she produced my reward by cumming all over my mouth and tongue. I went back to her mouth to share what I had received, and slipped my hard and hungry cock in her soft succulent cunt while we kissed. After a long, loving fuck we drifted off to sleep with my cock still in her tight little pussy. 

Tonight was so different from what we had shared and planned and talked about in our chats and phone sex. That all seemed to be about, tell me what you want you dirty little cum slut ... suck my fuckin cock and lick my ass, whore. If you wanna eat my cum you will have to work for it, bitch. We talked about titty twisting and pulling, pussy pounding and paddling, hair pulling, ass spanking and hard rough ass fucking...and name calling. But tonight was totally different.

But wait till tomorrow... things will be totally different, and I hope Laura is ready for it. Tomorrow is the "One in a Million challenge", and I believe she will love it!! 

Saturday at breakfast I announced that we had a full and fun day planned. I told Laura that I have arranged for a masseuse scheduled to come to the room and give her a super special massage.

When we got back to our suite after breakfast, the masseuse was waiting at our door. She had called my cell to let me know she was there.

Laura was excited and stripped down to her bra and thong. The girl named Monica, was about 35. She was extremely attractive with long dark hair, and the figure of a Playboy pin-up. She was dressed in a short button front white, nurse like uniform. She set-up the massage table and draped it with a sheet and towels. Laura smiled at me and said, OK Ace, now what's next?

I answered... off with the bra and thong... this will be a FULL body massage like you have never had before. You said I was in charge, and I have a full day planned. Laura stripped and got on the table on her tummy. To Laura's surprise, Monica too stripped out of everything but her shoes. Not to be outdone, I too stripped and positioned myself in the recliner chair and had a perfect view. 

With Laura lying on her tummy, Monica started with Laura's head neck and shoulders. And as she slid her hands from the neck down the back to her waist, her beautiful and ample tits would rub Laura's head and shoulders. After doing her arms and hands, Monica started with Laura's feet and calves. I could see that she was doing a good job, and I could hear low moans from Laura to confirm that it was a good deep muscle massage. 

As she started on Laura's upper legs and thighs, she spread Laura's legs farther apart. With each rub and stroke Monica got closer to Laura's beautiful ass. As she massaged the inner thighs, I could tell that she was getting close and maybe rubbing Laura's smooth shaved pussy. The moans were getting louder, and the breathing was heavier. Monica spread Laura's ass cheeks and massaged and rubbed her little pucker hole. She then did something that almost mad we cum... she leaned over and kissed and licked Laura's ass. Then with a gentle slap, she instructed Laura to roll over. 

As Laura rolled over, she got her first full view of Monica naked. You could tell she was impressed and quite aroused. Monica started with Laura's forehead and face, and then leaned over and kissed Laura's mouth. Just a little teaser type kiss... not a long tongue dance. As Monica leaned forward to massage Laura's tits, her beautiful tits would rub across Laura's face. After about 5 minutes of that, Laura started to lick Monica's tits when they came in contact with her mouth.

At this point, all three of us were hot and horny and breathing hard. Monica went to the foot of the table and began to massage Laura's legs. She did an excellent job on Laura's upper legs, and just rubbed Laura's slit a few times. Then she came to the side of the table and really started fingering and rubbing Laura's pussy. I was about to shoot a load but stopped stroking to watch and make it last. Monica then inserted two fingers and started to finger fuck Laura while she rubbed and stroked Laura's clit. Laura reached down and massaged, tweaked, and pulled Monica's nipples. 

Monica stopped and took Laura's hand to help her up, and directed her to the bed. Once on the bed she positioned between Laura's legs and proceeded to eat Laura's cunt properly. After a few moments and a few orgasms, she turned and positioned herself over Laura's body, and placed her gorgeous pussy over Laura's mouth. I knew, but Monica didn't know that this was Laura's first 69 with a female. In fact it was the first cunt she had ever eaten. But from my vantage point, she is a good learner, because she was eating her out great. 

I didn't want to interfere, so I shot my load in a towel and continued watching the girls. After about 15 minutes, they rolled over beside each other and just cuddled and kissed for a few minutes. I went to the bathroom where the Jacuzzi is, and came back and asked the girls if they wanted to join me in the Jacuzzi. They did, and we had a relaxed conversation, and then took a quick shower. 

After Monica left, Laura hugged me and kissed me and thanked me for making that happen. She said she had always been curious about being with another girl, but never did it. She said that when she had been approached by girls in the past that they were always "butch" type that didn't interest her or turn her on. She said, "If there are more like Monica, I think I will enjoy being Bisexual". 

I said... little darling, you have just completed part one and two of your Seven step program to become "One in a Million". Your other five steps will be this evening. 

Laura said, "What are the other five steps"?

I told her that she would know soon enough, but that it would involve a blindfold, but no tie downs or cuffs. No pain or anything like that. 

Now come you lil' darling... we shall have some lunch and lounge by the pool for a while. 

We got back to our room about 4:30 pm and after stripping out of our swim suits, I announced that I had something I wanted her to put on... a blindfold. I added... like we have talked about before... you have the right to stoop anytime you want. Just say "Red Light'... and everything will stop immediately. 

I helped her with the blindfold, and led her to the bed. I got on the bed on my back with a rock hard cock pointed skyward. I had the music a little louder for a reason... we were not going to be alone very long, and I didn't want Laura to hear anything. I helped position herself on my cock for the ride and fuck of her life. 

I pinched and tugged her nipples and pulled her to me. As I kissed her, she suddenly became tense and I reassured her it was everything is OK. Laura said "is he gonna' fuck my ass"??

And I answered yes, unless you don't want him to.

Laura said, "OK but please be careful... I have only done that once before". 

She felt a finger enter her well lubed ass hole... then two fingers... then... and then she felt his cock slide slowly into her waiting ass hole.

Laura said, "Oh fuck... I am stuffed and those two cocks are going to stretch me open but I don't give a fuck...it feels so fucking good to have my cunt and my ass full of glorious cocks... don't stop fucking my cunt and my ass I am cumming and cumming... please don't stop".

I said.. . Laura, you cum eating slut... shut the fuck up and open your cock sucking mouth so you can lick and suck the cock that is waiting for you. Do you want him to just slap you mouth with it or are you going to suck that big fat fuck pole... and then... after he cums in your mouth you can talk again. With 3 cocks in you have got to be the happiest whore around... think of all the cum you will have from three cocks in you. I did tell you... you little fucking machine... that this is a seven step program. You had one and two with Monica... and now you have three, four, and five with a cock in every hole that will take one.

Now my beautiful fuck slut you are about to graduate... take your two hands and jack the cock that are put there for you. Jack them good, because with the exception of me in your cunt and the one in your ass, the other three will be alternation and going around your body so that you get to suck all three of them before they cum. 

As each cock shot it's load, they left the room, until Laura and I were alone again. I remove the blindfold, and said, how was that my gorgeous fuck slut. Without a word, she wrapped your arms around me and kissed me long and hard. With cum running out of her cunt and her ass... she was totally spent. I asked if she wanted a bath or a shower or the Jacuzzi... she said a shower, so the two of us left for a hot steamy shower.

As we dressed after the shower, Laura said, "Ace darling... no more surprises today... I'm about worn out". 

I said, Laura, my Luv... it's only 9 o'clock... we can order room service, or go to the bar and eat there. 

Laura said... "If I don't have to walk too far, I might be able to make it... I am a little sore from the pounding my pussy and ass took today".

When we got to the bar, we settled into a table in the corner. Our drinks arrived even before we ordered them... how the hell did that happen. Just then my four tennis buddies showed up at the table and with glasses raised, they announced..."Laura, welcum to the club... you truly are, "One In A Million"... we toast you and hope to see you again one day... and thanks a Million". 

With that they turned and walked away.

Laura said... "Is that who I think they are... is that the cocks that I was sucking and fucking... WOW... they are so fucking handsome and well built"?

I said, " Yes my Luv that is who you think they are, and yes... like most tennis players, they do stay in pretty good shape."

And you are definitely One In A Million... Only one girl in a million can take on 5 lucky guys at once. You are so special, and so precious.