 Doug acted like a ship's captain. He slung a long rope skilfully over the flat bed, leapt up himself on the second attempt, threw a huge canvas in a heap with other gear. He then drew the rope over it several times, jumped off, made a truckers slip knot and applied tension. I watched as his bulging biceps looked as if they were about to tear the elastic of his shirt sleeve. 

I wanted to say something but in the end just blurted out, "I hope you don't mind me coming along." 

"Mind you coming along? Of course not. Why should I? Quite the opposite really. It's not every day I get this sort of company. You know what I mean." 

I didn't actually but as I had just mounted the stairs into the cab I felt a bit intimidated by the size of it all and how high up we seemed to be. There would be plenty of time to get to know Doug. 

"I didn't know you were hot on computers and that stuff as well." 'As well as what?' I wondered, but he had a point to make. 

"You've got to tell me what's what with all these electrics because as far as I'm concerned we've got to get this bloody great bit of equipment on board. Make no mistake about it when the loading starts, I'm in charge right? That's all I mean, I just want you to know that." 

"As far as I understand it I'm just coming along to make sure we collect all the controls for this milling machine and make sure they don't get damaged." I was a bit surprised by Doug's assertiveness with me. Especially as he was the one who persuaded me to come along. 

"I'll do my best Doug" I added simply. 

"Yea sure I'm just a type who likes to establish who's boss. You know you get used to it I suppose but when you're driving a truck like this, anything and everything that happens comes back to you. You know what I mean. I'm held responsible" I got the feeling Doug was putting on the tough act just to impress me. 

He was one of the drivers we got to know from a local haulage company. Mostly they shifted milled barley and corn for animal feed but this was a special trip. We had to collect this large bit of stationary equipment which the boss had bought at an auction a couple of days earlier. 

"You're new aren't you? I mean, I think it's a couple of months since you first made a splash here." He gave me a knowing glance with a trace of a smile. "And a 'straight out of college know-it-all', I expect" He continued provocatively. 

"Give me a chance I've just done my first year, I've got another three to go. I only left school last summer. Anyway what are these other things you reckon I'm hot on apart from computers?" It seemed like a way to hot up the conversation. 

"Oh well you're the one to know." he said trying to suppress a chuckle. 

"Excuse me Doug. I don't know you all that well, but what the hell am I to make of that answer?" In fact I knew perfectly well what he was on about but why should I let him out of his own trap. 

"Yea well how can I put it? Jason said something like, it's almost as if he'd got a chick as an assistant." 

"Like so many of you guys he's full of gossip but hasn't got the balls to say something to your face. Anyway no one humps around 100 kilo sacks these days or any bags for that matter, its all elevators and augers so what's his problem?" 

"It's all right handsome. Keep your hair on. I don't think he was exactly complaining you know." Doug couldn't really handle the dialogue.

"It's the same with all you drivers, you're big muscular guys, just look at your arms. Yet with this modern equipment you don't need to be so strong. You've got power steering, preselector gears, hydraulic cranes. A girl could do your work easily." I liked winding him up gently. There was something attractive in his effortless control of this hugely powerful vehicle, almost as if it were an extension of his own power. I guessed that was the way he saw himself. 

"You are joking aren't you. OK you get some chicks as drivers but boy you wouldn't want to mess with them. Bossy boot types with huge thick arms, they are not my idea of a bit of fluff I can tell you. Anyhow why are you wearing a sweater on a hot day like this?" 

I began to take off my sweater as if doing it obediently. I had a T shirt on underneath but as I pulled my sweater over my head it must have ridden up and exposed some of my bare chest. 

"Hey watch out Doug, keep your eyes on the road man" Doug looked a bit sheepish as he had allowed the truck to veer slightly on to the hard shoulder. "I don't mind you looking at me but I suggest that we first pull into a parking place." I couldn't help feeling a bit flattered at the way Doug had reacted but I must admit my T shirt was a bit tighter than the ones I usually wore to work. 

Doug drove on in silence for the next ten minutes. I was just beginning to regret allowing a situation which had embarrassed him when suddenly he drew into a large Lay By. I almost offered to take off more clothes but he immediately got out of the cab and went to inspect the wheels. 

"Yes. I thought so. we've got a flat so that'll have to be changed right away." 

"Good excuse Doug. I'll give you a hand." . 

"What do you mean by 'good excuse'?'. You get yourself out of the way over there and leave all this to me." 

"I thought you had a sort of truckers rescue thing for this. Surely they don't expect drivers to change wheels themselves." I suggested. 

"Depends what sort of drivers you're talking about." he replied as he hauled out a large hydraulic jack. 

"I'll leave it all to Muscle Man then" I said sitting on a nearby crash barrier. It seemed like a good moment to catch the sun so I took my shirt off. OK I was being a bit provocative I suppose. Perhaps I hadn't fully realised the effect Doug was having on me. 

He glanced around then came over to me slowly with his eyes transfixed on my bare chest. "Carl you are fucking sexy" he said as he gently touched on my enlarged nipples and began to squeeze. Then as he made as if to kiss me he suddenly came to himself and began looking around furtively. 

"For Pete's sake put your shirt on. If anyone sees you, what the hell are they going to think?" 

"But there's no one else here" I replied. 

"Just do as I say. You never know when someone might pull in. There's plenty of room for a another couple of trucks here" Doug looked around again as he made some adjustments to relieve some discomfort in his trousers. It was obvious what was happening. 

"I'll see about you later." he added before returning to the job in hand. 

Doug was not his usual self any more. He had got impatient with everything he handled and I was worried he might have an accident then, just as he was tightening the wheel nuts, he must have slightly grazed his arm on the bodywork as I heard him curse. 

"Here you'd better have a plaster on that" I said. 

"Oh it's nothing at all don't make a fuss." but it was obviously bleeding very slightly. "Oh well I'd better get something on to keep it clean I suppose, I was almost finished." He jumped back up to the cab but went to the sleeping compartment behind to get the first aid box and I followed him up, told him to get his shirt off, cleaned the minor wound and applied a dressing. 

"I'm terrible for misbehaving with nurses." he said as he put his hand up the inside of my shirt. 

"Look we've got to get on, this puncture has already delayed us." I wanted to make a point as I was genuinely concerned. We had a long way to go still and a lot of work when we got there. 

"I don't think your boss Greg is going to be at all surprised. When I suggested taking you he said he would understand if we had to spend a night somewhere." Doug made a mischievous grin at me. 

"So Greg says you can grope me because he's the boss. Is that it?" I was suddenly furious. I didn't see why this driver, however big and sexy as he was, should treat me like a whore. I told him sharply to finish the job and get going. Something had taken over in me. I was going to be giving orders now.

Doug was surprisingly obedient. He finished the job, jumped back up into the cab and started the engine. 

"I'm sorry I just got a bit carried away please don't make a complaint because I could be serious trouble. How old are you, by the way?" 

"I'm eighteen" I replied knowing this put me within the age of consent. 

"I was kidding you about Greg. He never said that actually" 

"It wouldn't surprise me if he did. Do you know he comes and hangs around my place in the evenings and starts asking me questions about the course I'm doing and I know exactly what he wants but he hasn't got the balls to do anything about it. 

"Do you forgive me then? I thought you wanted it" 

"Look I was genuinely worried about the time, that's all, and what you said about Greg did annoy me a lot, right?" 

Doug glanced at his watch. "Whatever way you look at this Carl we're not going to make it in a day because of the tachograph. I've got to take my rest time or I'll get in trouble with the cops. There is a place just down the road where we can park up and walk over to a nice spot and have a swim" 

"But I don't have any swim suit" I protested. 

"Are you serious?" 

"No I just said that to wind you up." 

"There's only one thing a guy can do with you." 

"Oh yes, and what's that exactly?" 

"You're likely to find that out sooner than you think. It looks like we're in luck." Doug said as we pulled into a large parking area. It was completely deserted. "It's about fifteen minutes walk. Is that OK?" 

"Are you fit Doug? You're puffing?" I remarked over my shoulder as we walked up over a crest in the woods. 

"There down there, you've never been here before have you?" I think Doug was aware of being at least ten years older than me and though it may have made him wiser he was definitely not as fit. 

I ran down the slope to a grassy spot by a deep pool in the river. Just upstream was a spectacular waterfall which deluged directly into the pool. Doug followed at a more sedate pace. It reminded me of my parents. 

"Now I thought a rugby player like you would be here first. Come on lets have a look at all these muscles" I taunted him while pulling up the front of his shirt to reveal his big hairy chest. He said he had stopped playing rugby a couple of years before but I was admiring his fair skin. It was mostly not tanned, apart from the parts of his arms that had been below his shirt sleeve. 

I never thought how cheeky I was. I had never undressed a another guy before either. Even seeing this much of Doug's bare body was having a mesmerising effect on me. I found myself looking at details like the freckles on his upper arm. Without thinking I began kissing his big bulging pectorals. It must have been something romantic about the place. 

"Hey hang on, let's get your shirt off first. I thought I was the one who needed restraining." Doug was taken by surprise at my passion. 

Somehow our naked chests came together. I gently brushed the slightly raised areas of my youthful nipples against his powerful body. They had got more sensitive and seemed larger than usual. It felt almost like electrical tingling as they touched his hairy chest. Doug reached for the buckle of my jeans. He pulled my pants down in a flash.

I had been naked before in the showers with fellow students. They used to tease me about my effeminate body. In fact I really like it but this was different. Doug was a big man in his prime and I could sense his excitement mounting as he looked at my freshly exposed genitals and my bare bum. 

Then he took his pants off. I could only stare completely hypnotised by the sight of his huge cock and balls. They were so massive, strong and beautiful. His smooth pink shaft looked so firm but somehow tender too.

"You do realise why it's hard don't you and what it's meant for" These unnecessary remarks Doug spoke close to my ear and with his deep male voice. I felt his big strong hand on my bare buttocks. 

"Race you to the other side" I said regaining the initiative as I tossed off my shoes and pants. I dived in and began swimming at full speed for the far bank. I looked round to see Doug in pursuit but unable to keep up so presently I just lay naked on the other bank waiting for him to catch up. 

"All this muscle is fine" I said running my hand over his thighs "but there's quite a lot of flab starting you know. You should come to the gym with me." 

"I can't do gymnastics like you, I'd break the equipment I would be too heavy." I noticed his cock had gone a bit flaccid in the cold water but was now starting to swell again. He put arms around me then ran his hand down my back to my bum and started exploring my crack. Then as I felt his finger on my ass cherry. It was massively exciting for me. I had never had a man do anything like this to me before. Looking at his firm prick and feeling his finger it was so difficult to keep my senses. I quickly kissed his knob. I hadn't realised how exciting the contact would be between my lips and the most sensitive part of his penis. Doug had just said something very flattering about my bum. 

Is it just instinct to play 'hard to get'? I don't know. 

"You got to catch me. Come on I'll race you to the rocks." I ran ahead of him again and sprung up onto a ledge to one side then came back to the point above where the track was. Doug tried to jump up too but he repeatedly failed as he did the first time he tried to get on the lorry deck. 

I was only a couple of metres above him but there was a small ravine between us. "You've definitely got a bit of flab there Doug. It's not all muscle is it" I liked taunting him but I could see he wasn't up to it. "If I jump across will you catch me?" 

"Yes of course." Replied Doug relieved of his embarrassment. 

As he held my naked body against his I felt the heat of his hard cock against my thigh. "Now about this flab, the thing is some of it can be quite sexy like this." I said teasing him while squeezing his lower buttocks. But he didn't seem to mind even when I let my fingers run between his crack and located his asshole, still no resistance. 'What's this' I thought having difficulty restraining myself as what I really wanted was to suck his beautiful and huge raging cock. At the same moment he was squeezing my stiffness while kissing my boy nipples. 

"Hey we've got to get back to our clothes." I said trembling with excitement. 

"Why can't we do it here?" Doug was getting frustrated. 

"Because for one thing it's too uncomfortable and two, you need things like lubricant, didn't you know that? Come on, you're the mechanic you are supposed to know these things. More brawn than brains, that's the problem. Lets go. I'll wait for you and don't worry I won't be getting dressed until you've done what ever it is you say a man has to do to me." I gave him a wink as I dived back into the water. 

Actually I had made sure of taking a couple of things before we left the truck. One of these was a small tube of soft margarine. I unscrewed the cap as Doug approached and squeezed out a big blob on my finger, then turning round I bent down so he could see my applying it to my asshole. I knew it was fairly safe to use with a condom. 

Doug's cock looked magnificent. There was no doubt at all of the reason for his raging erection and less still about where he intended to put it. 

"Doug I want you to know this is my first time" I said staring into his big brown eyes but they were flashing with excitement.

"I've never fucked a boy before either. Do you want it raw?" 

"Let me put this on you" I said opening the condoms I had brought. 

"You've got this all stitched up haven't you. You sexy little thing" he said as I pulled it over his huge hard fuck pole. But first I simply couldn't help taking that superb enormous hot meat in my mouth at last. I had started licking him. I go have gone on for longer but he had to restrain me as he said he about to blow. 

He said he wanted to do me from behind so I lay on my stomach so he could bring his huge naked body down on top of me. I saw his superb biceps bulging as they took the weight of his body then I felt it. His cock felt so warm as he started exploring my slit. Then I felt the firmness of his knob as it ran between by boy buns until he located my asshole. 

It was the best feeling I had ever had. I never realised how much I wanted a real man inside my effeminate body and there was nowhere I wanted it more than up my bottom. I had fantasised about this so often and now this was it. At first I just felt pressure on my little cunt. But this was Doug the truck driver on top of me now. I had watched his strong arms control all that power. Everything did as he bid when he touched the controls, and now I felt myself opening up to him and the more I wanted him the more I felt my ass relaxing. Then suddenly he was almost inside me. The feeling was utterly overwhelming. It was amazing that this great surge inside me, this massive intrusion in my boy bum, was Doug's huge hot fuck pole. The sounds confirmed the reality, Doug grunted with determination to drive his strong hard dick deep into my bottom. I was unable to resist. My boy cherry had never been challenged like this before but I couldn't resist. It was a bit painful but I just had to yield. He made me, he was too strong for me and I liked it.

It must have taken him a full minute to bury his dick fully into my crack and right up my rectum. Then slowly he began working in and out of my bottom. I was groaning out loud with pleasure now and I suppose I must have become conscious of the sound I was making as, with my head on one side, I looked out through the grass. I was so distracted by what was happening to me that I hardly noticed that there were three other guys hiding among the trees. I said nothing. I didn't care. I just wanted Doug to fuck me and I just hoped he wouldn't see them too. 

"Ah Doug you're a real man, I'm ready for it now, go for it please." I clenched my buttocks together and that seemed to do the trick. I felt his dick starting to jerk inside me then he fell on me grabbing my flimsy arms and almost crushing them as he exploded inside me with a massive orgasm. I'm afraid it was too much for the condom as the force and volume of Doug's ejaculations burst it apart and I felt this sudden hot flush inside as Doug spurted his spunk straight up my rectum. I was past caring, he just kept on spurting into me. I loved it. I could feel his massive balls slapping my buttocks and I wanted every drop of his virile fuck fluids. 

I looked up and smiled at the visitors as they came out of the woods and burst into spontaneous applause. 



[Did you Cum? Please comment or mail me.]