 Author's note: If you're reading Chapter 3, I hope that means you're enjoying the story. I've kindof forgotten about balancing the story with description and action, and just let my memory flow. This part's a bit longer, but I had to tell it like it was. I hope you enjoy. And please comment.

***

It took a few agonizing days before a situation presented itself when Jill or I could begin our evil plan. I actually didn't give a damn about teasing Missy, I just wanted to seal the deal. But if Jill wanted to fuck with her friend a bit, before we fucked with her, I wasn't about to argue.

The plan was pretty good, and Missy was pretty gullible. So as long as Jill didn't mess it up, we knew we'd drive her crazy. I also knew it was going to take way too long. So, rather than beat around the bush, I figured I'd give Missy a taste of her own medicine. She was standing at the kitchen counter in her nightshirt, making herself breakfast.

"Good morning," I said, "What are you making me?"

As I walked up behind her, Missy replied, "I'm not making you anything."

"Well, that's not very nice," I told her as I stood directly behind her, "...considering what I was gonna do for you." Her long red curls drew me in, and I put a hand on her hip, slid it under her shirt, and pulled her hipbone towards me. 

As I pressed myself against her ass, she resisted, "What are you doing?"

"Same thing you did to me." I told her as I slid my hand down over her panties.

"Uh...Jill isn't here! It's different!" 

"Of course...you're right." I said, and I retracted my wandering hand. "I should wait for her to come downstairs before I flirt with you."

"That's not what I meant."

"Oh, because I was just going to give you a nice massage," I coyly replied.

"Sure you were."

"I swear," I continued, "I swear I wasn't going to wrap my arms around you, and let my hands wander all over your body."

Missy turned to face me, and leaned against the counter. She was blushing. I leaned in close to her.

"I swear I wasn't going to kiss the back of your neck...or press my fingers between your legs and rub you until you begged me to get you off."

I quickly turned and walked over to the refrigerator. I grabbed the half gallon of OJ, and took a long pull straight from the container. I slammed the door shut, and as I walked out of the kitchen I noticed that Missy hadn't moved as she stared with her jaw on the floor.

Apparently, later that day, Missy asked Jill if she was mad at her about the blow job games. Jill had assured her that she wasn't mad, as long as Missy remembered that I was Jill's boyfriend and not her's.

A couple days later, it was Jill's turn to screw with Missy's mind. Jill proceeded to tell Missy, in confidence, that we were thinking about having a threesome. Missy reacted with excitement at first. Then Jill told her that I had made a comment about another girl at work, and that Jill was thinking about a threesome with this other girl. At that, Missy had quickly changed her tune, and discouraged her. But now Missy had her dilemma. And Jill and I were secretly playing her from both angles.

The reaction from Missy was almost immediate. She barged her way into the bathroom that night while I was showering, and closed the door behind her. 

"What are you doing?" I asked, as Missy peered around the curtain. 

"Just looking."

"You better get out of here." I pretended to be disinterested. "Jill should be home any minute."

"I don't think she'll mind...Trust me." 

"No, you were right." I almost laughed as I teased her, "We shouldn't do anything like this when she's not around." I pulled the curtain closed.

"What, I'm just having a little fun." Missy was getting frustrated.

"No way. I'm not doing anything that would piss her off."

Missy stormed out of the bathroom, just as I was about to burst out laughing. I wasn't sure how much longer I could keep up the game.

The next morning, Jill and I were lying in bed, enjoying each other's naked bodies once again.

"Missy asked me about the threesome again last night," Jill said. "Did you hear us?"

"No." 

"Oh my God...I almost blew it." Jill laughed as she started to tell the story. "I had to bite my lip to keep from laughing.

I rolled to my side, and groped Jill's breasts. My hand glided up and down her body from her shoulders to her thigh. Her wild brown curly hair splayed out on the pillow was a favorite sight for me.

"She didn't know whether to discourage me or tell me to go for it." Jill recapped, to my amusement. "Then she started asking all about what I thought you really wanted..."

"What'd you tell her?"

"I said I didn't know. And that you seemed unsure," Jill continued, "Then she asked if I really wanted to if you were into it."

"You've got her all fucked up." I laughed.

"What do we do next?" Jill asked.

I instinctively jumped up to my knees, quickly pulled Jill's leg over my shoulder, and plowed my hardened cock into her. 

"Ugh," she groaned as my thrust squeezed the air from her lungs, "I mean what do we do with Missy?"

I held still for a moment as Jill's pussy settled around the base of my shaft, "We'll see."

***

The next steps with Missy were guided by the influence of alcohol. It was probably inevitable that it would all go down sooner or later. Such was college life. But with all three of us drunk and hanging out together on a weekend night, the game of teasing Missy was quickly forgotten. We had been at some party in another building in the college apartment complex. We were all pretty rocked, and at some point Jill and I started walking back to our apartment. I truly don't remember how it happened, but about halfway back, I suddenly had a girl on each arm. Missy must have noticed that we'd left, and caught up to us. Despite scheming with Jill for days, I think I was too drunk to even think about a threesome at first. 

But when we finally got back to our apartment, the girls crashed into a giggling heap of flesh on the couch. From there, things just happened. I stood over the girls, beer bottle in hand, and pulled Jill's top over her head. The two of them were basically sitting next to each other on the couch, and as Jill's top came off, she leaned over and collapsed onto Missy. Jill grabbed the bottle from my hand, and took a meaningful swig, the way drunk girls do. Missy was not to be outdone, and proceeded to remove her own top. Then she took the bottle from Jill, and took her own gulp. You know you're drunk, when you aren't fazed by two topless girls giggling in front of you. Instead, I turned and mumbled something stupid about needing another beer, as I wandered toward the kitchen. That was when the girls were suddenly quiet, and I turned back to see them running up the stairs, bare breasts bouncing along the way.

I don't remember if I got my beer or not, but I'll always remember what happened when I followed the girls upstairs. The girls had thrown themselves on the double bed that Jill and I shared. It was just a mattress, on the floor, no frame, no box spring...College. Still giggling, they sprawled on the bed, and kicked the sheets off the edge. I was plenty used to seeing Jill's spectacular bare breasts, but seeing Missy's pale flesh and pink nipples was still a revelation. Her freckled chest held my gaze, and her rounds breasts jiggled as she bounced herself to a seated position near the top of the bed.

"Jill said you guys we're thinking of having a threesome," Missy reported to me.

I stood at the foot of the bed, looking over my girlfriend's body stretched out below me. Both girls only had their short cut-off jean shorts on. Jill rolled to her side, her perfect tits squished against Missy's thigh, and looked to me for a reaction.

"She did, huh?" I stammered.

"Uh huh." Missy folded her arms across her chest, and pretended to pout. "But she said it wasn't gonna be with me."

"She wouldn't say that." I replied.

Missy nodded, insisting. 

So I continued. "Actually, we were only talking about you."

"Liar." She said, and looked at Jill.

Jill started laughing and nodded her head. Missy gasped and slapped Jill hard on the ass.

"You were messin with me?" Missy was flabbergasted, "I don't believe it!"

Jill popped up to her knees after the hard spanking and was about to return fire, when Missy started blabbering on about flirting with us, and not wanting to make people mad. Missy was a talker, and my memory is foggy. But I do remember Jill shutting her up by bowling her over as she planted her lips on Missy's. The girls collapsed into a topless tangled knot, as their tongues probed each other. I still don't recall what happened to the beer, but I had settled onto the end of the bed, and lost my own shirt as well.

I crawled up the bed, and did what my 19 year old instincts told me to do. I buried my face into the squish of breasts that was sandwiched between the girls. Nuzzling and licking and biting at the intoxicating playground of flesh was paradise found. As I pried them apart I worked my way up to Jill's neck and face, and planted deep kisses in her mouth.

Missy peeled away, and immediately went for my shorts. I lay beside Jill, groping and kissing her, and let Missy have access. Missy was ravenous. She clutched at my swollen cock, and began furiously sucking like her life depended on it. I tried to continue making out with Jill, but Missy's mouth made me groan. Jill took notice, and climbed to her knees behind Missy. I watched as Jill pulled Missy shorts down to her knees. She wound up and smacked Missy's bare ass cheek.

The audible crack of the spank was followed immediately by a muffled "Umf!!" as Missy's face smushed into my groin, and my cock plunged into her throat.

"That was payback!" Jill squealed.

"That felt fantastic!" I moaned. And Missy wiggled her ass, trying to shake the sting off.

"Reaaaally?" Jill said, realizing she'd discovered a new trick.

"Mmm-mmmm!" Missy hummed trying to shake her head, without removing her lips from me.

Another smack drove Missy's face into me again, and another "Umf!" as my swollen head rammed its way down her throat. This time she held herself there, and about brought me over the edge. I was pretty well delirious between the booze and the mounting pleasure. And it must have shown on my face. 

As Missy lifted her mouth off me, she gasped for air. Jill watched our reactions with curious interest. She slid off her own shorts, and knelt beside Missy, pushing her aside. 

"Do that to me!" Jill requested as she swirled her tongue over my saliva soaked cock. 

Jill began bobbing her head, deeper and deeper over me, as Missy sat upright behind her.

Slap...Slap...Slap.

"Ommff!" Jill lurched forward at the rapid spanking on her rounded ass, and took every inch of me past her lips. 

Jill continued with a wonderful cocksucking until Missy wiggled her way back in, and started licking at my shaft as well. A glorious mane of long curly hair tickled my belly and thighs, half of it was dark brown and half a fiery red. The next thing I knew, the two of them were alternating between tangling each other's tongues and licking me up and down. When their making out left my raging hard on exposed for an extra moment, I reached down and took a handful of each of their breasts, and coaxed them towards me.

I'm not sure of the physiology of it to this day. But the girls were kneeling on either side of me, and my mouth wandered amongst four luscious breasts above me. And I could look up to see the two of them making out. My hands soon found smooth thighs, and with a little blind groping, each hand was in between a different set of legs. I began gently working my fingers into two eager pussys. Both girls spread their legs a little further, inviting me in. And it was such a reward to find both of them soaked already.

Maybe it was the fact that I was better with my right hand than my left, or maybe just that I knew what Jill liked; but she quickly forgot about kissing Missy. Jill buried her face in my shoulder, and her teeth at the base of my neck sent chills through my body. Missy sat up, and as I tried my best to pleasure them both, Missy distracted me with a hand stroking my slick cock. 

About the time Jill's hand joined Missy's, I thought I was going to have to make them stop. Instead Jill whispered in my ear, "Please fuck me. Please fuck me."

Jill lifted a knee over me, and lowered herself onto my rigid pole, with Missy's hand guiding it in. Jill began a slow, deep rocking of her hips into my pelvis. I knew she was looking for that spot where she can rhythmically grind her clit on me, while my head slid back and forth over her g-spot. I also knew that she liked me to help her by pulling her into me, and my hand found the small of her back. I pressed her to me with one hand, and struggled to massage Missy's swollen clit. Missy decided to help, and while her free hand joined mine on Jill's back and ass, she took over rubbing herself. I reached further down and easily slid two fingers up inside her. Missy spread her legs further until she was basically sitting on my hand, and doing her best to fuck it while she fingered herself. 

"Oh fuck baby" Jill moaned the obvious signal that she was getting close. 

I stepped up my efforts, and instead of her grinding down onto me, I began thrust up into her. My ass off the bed, I pumped into Jill hard. I pulled her into me as best I could, while Missy continued to crush my other hand under her. 

"Oh fuck, Oh fuck!" Jill gasped as her orgasm mounted. I pulled my fingers from deep inside Missy, and clawed Jill's ass with both hands. Thrusting my hips up into her as hard as I could feel Jill's body tense.

"Aaahhhaaaahhhh!" a long guttural moan escaped Jill's lungs as she came. She rocked back, picking her head up, and pressing her sit bones down hard into my groin. As I felt her pussy flood around my cock, I watched Missy lean in and stick her tongue down Jill's throat. Jill was breathless, and spent from her orgasm. The girls embraced each other and collapsed beside me, still kissing and groping. I sat up as Jill's body exposed my engorged cock, soaked with her juices. 

Jill rolled to her side, and Missy did the same, facing each other, mostly necking now as Jill was in her post climax, drunken delirium. Their legs intertwined, two round asses lay before me. I found Jill's soft relaxed pussy again, kneeling against her ass, and slid easily back inside her. Normally I would pound her hard in this position, and finish myself off in moments. But instead I resumed a slow grind with my hips, and reached a hand back over to the heat between Missy's legs.

"Mmmmm...mmmmm," Missy was moaning into Jill's neck. I couldn't see her face, as Jill's long mess of curls had fallen over both of them. I began alternating between massaging her clit and sliding two fingers into Missy's soft pussy. All the while, slowly easing my cock in and out of Jill. Missy started to help herself again, vigorously rubbing her swollen clit. I did my best to finger her, thinking the best I could do was get her off like this.

Missy was whimpering, and moaning, and Jill even began to lick at Missy's pink nipples. I suddenly felt Jill's hand between our legs, and she grabbed a solid hold of the base of my shaft. She pulled me out of her, and led me by the cock towards Missy. I shifted over the silky thighs I was straddling, and Jill's hand positioned my cock between Missy's legs. Jill never looked up from Missy's breasts, as she pulled her boyfriend's raging cock into her friends awaiting body. 

"Yes, Yes, Yes...Ooohhhh," Missy let out a long exhale as I entered her, and slid easily inside her in one smooth stroke. I could feel Jill's hand pull Missy's thighs further apart, as I pumped again, deeper yet. Missy opened her legs wide, and rolled to her back a bit, and I repositioned myself over her. 

"Oh Shit!" Missy cried, feeling the head of my cock push into her cervix. "Ungh!"

I braced myself over both girls, and brought my weight down into Missy's spread open sex. Jill was essentially holding Missy's upper body down, with a hand and mouth on her breasts. And I started giving Missy the hard fucking she was hoping for. It didn't take long.

"Ungh!" Missy nearly screamed as I pounded into her. "Ungh!" Her legs curled around me, and gripped tight, trying to hang on. Missy came hard, and her body thrashed about beneath me. I continued to pump into her with all my strength, easily overpowering her as she climaxed until her body gave up. 

"Oh shit!" Missy finally breathed in relief.

"Uh huh!" Jill nodded and grinned, as the girls looked at each other.

I was obviously nearing the edge myself at that point, and not really sure what to do next. Jill made it easy for me, as she sat up. And I sat up, still buried balls deep in Missy. Jill straddled Missy, and pointed her ass in my face. She leaned down and kissed Missy hard. And then I felt her hand between our legs. Jill grabbed the base of my cock once again, this time pulling me out of her friend. As Missy's wetness dripped from my cock, Jill pushed the tip up inside her own pussy. As Jill pressed her ass back into me, I knew what to do next.

Jill flipped her sexy hair to one side, and looked back over her shoulder at me in that "come-hither" way I love. Only this time, I looked down at the two gorgeous girls together, looking at me. I grabbed Jill's hips and fucked her with abandon. If I had any more left, I would like to have alternated fucking the two of them for a while. But that just wasn't reality. I was so close already, and looking at the two girls together, I only lasted another moment. I pounded into Jill's ass hard, but when I felt my balls crashing into Missy's pussy below, I lost it. I exploded deep inside Jill, and pulled her hard against me. I pumped until I could do no more, and Jill continued to milk my cock long after I gave up.

What should have been an incredible orgasm, had not disappointed. And Jill and I collapsed next to Missy, having just realized every man's dream. I don't think anyone said anything else that night. But both girls groped each other and giggled until we all found a comfortable position. I don't know what a guy dreams about after that.