 The year was quickly approaching its end. Allison and I, but mostly Allison, had been through quite a whirlwind experience over the past 12 months. She sewed her wild oats where they needed sewing and I entertained my own personal harvesting as well. I fulfilled fantasies through her by the stories she told me and in some cases by my own personal witnessing. She got to venture out and escape on a sexual hiatus. We both grew immensely from our experiences over the year and it brought us even closer than we were before. As I dressed in my Lucky Jeans and buttoned-down shirt, I thought about how the next year would follow; it was only hours away. I was smiling to myself when Allison came out of her closet in her "skinny jeans" and boots. I made fun of that outfit regularly because it was a trend all the girls were following, but honestly, my wife pulled it off well. She pulled her glitzy glittery blouse over her head, shimmied it side to side to fit it correctly and asked, "what are you all smiley about?"

"Nothing really," I said. "Just thinking back on the year."

Smiling too, she said, "quite a ride."

I laughed so hard I almost slipped off the edge of the bed. "Quite a ride, huh?"

"In a manner of speaking," she countered, and then laughed so hard she cried.

"Come on, jockey. Let's get going. The year's wasting away."

We busted out the door and into chilly Eve, looking forward to drinking and enjoying the company of our friends. Fifteen minutes later found us pulling into an overly expensive parking lot in an under-developed part of town. The "Old City" was the affectionate name of our destination. I hated being there in the middle of what Knoxville considers the slum and surrounded by drunks and bums and thugs. We quickly got off the street and into the club. 

As much as I hated being there, Allison and her girlfriends loved it. The music was loud, the bass pounded, and the drinks flowed. I knew that it wouldn't be long before she and her girls were in the middle of the dance floor, owning it. Allison sent me to the bar, and off she went. I ordered her a vodka tonic, two limes. Her favorite. I surveyed the scene and found her exactly where I knew she would be. I decided not to chance the waste of a good drink and carried it along with my beer back to the table we had sequestered in the back corner of the club. A few booty songs later and she showed back up at the table, sweaty and out of breath. 

"This for me?" she asked reaching for the drink.

"You know it," I responded.

"I hate it you won't come out there and dance with me," she teased.

"Not big into the 'drop it, drop it low' groove. Besides, I like to watch; you know that. Go. Have fun."

"I will" was her response as she turned and headed back to the dance floor. Her ass looked really good as she made her way in and out of the crowd. I couldn't care less about the dinner and drinks and dancing. I couldn't wait to get her back home. That's what I was looking forward to. Guaranteed sex.

The night continued like this for the next couple of hours. The girls came to the table when they were thirsty, ordered drinks, increased their levels of intoxication, and quickly returned to the grinding on the floor. In the middle of all that, we ordered and "killed" appetizers, drank shots, and gossiped about anyone and everyone who wasn't with us. Hell, we might have even gossiped some about the ones that were with us. We were having fun. The night started to take its interesting turn when all the girls came back to the table at once, giggling. I had just sat back down with a fresh beer when Allison sat next to me. The girls seemed to be hovering.

"Where's Jason?" Robin asked about her husband.

"Bathroom."

"What about JT?" asked Alli Jo.

"Right here, baby," he responded slipping up behind his wife.

"When Jason gets back, we have a game we want to play!" exclaimed my wife to everyone. "It'll be fun, but everyone has to play."

"What'd I miss?" Jason asked as he slipped into the booth beside Robin.

"Just listen...all of you. Allison, go ahead. Explain to the boys."

"Well, everyone knows that you are supposed to kiss your wife at midnight on New Years. That's well and good and we want to kiss you guys too, but we wanted to put a 'twist' on the kiss." We were all in anticipation. She continued, "We have five slips of paper here and each one of them have one of our names on them. You're each going to draw one of the slips of paper. Whoever's name you get, you have to kiss them at midnight too."

I don't know about the rest of the guys because I was looking at my wife, but I think my jaw might have hit the floor. Allison is adventurous; the previous year proves that, but I never figured she and her girls would come up with something like this, even though I was completely in favor of it. 

"We're girly girls," she added. "We've all talked to each other about how you kiss us, the things you do for us, uh-hum, the things you do TO us! We thought it would be fun to see for ourselves. So??? Start drawing names." She held out her hands; they held each small slip of paper right in front of our noses. I was waiting for them to bust out laughing and tell us we were dumbasses to think they were serious. We might have all thought the same thing because no one stepped forward to take a slip. 

Allison turned towards JT and held her open hands in front of him. 

"Here, you start.

JT reached towards Allison's hands and quickly she closed them. She turned towards all the guys. Here it was, the big release. The "HA HA" on all our semi-erections. 

"One thing though," Allison said. "If you get your wife, you have to put her back. You're going to kiss her anyway. You have to pick someone besides her."

Turning back to JT, Allison opened her hands again. Smiling and a little knocked off his senses, JT reached into Allison's hands and pulled away with a small slip of paper. He opened it and grinned at the rest of us. 

"Is it Alli Jo?" asked Carissa.

"No."

"OK, good. Don't tell us and don't tell anyone else either. Wait until midnight and then find who you are supposed to kiss."

Allison made her way around the table, holding her hands open in front of each one of us guys. I chose fourth. When Jason chose fifth, it was a miracle that no one chose their own wife. We all seemed kind of nervous around each other all of a sudden. The girls quickly slipped away from us and towards the dance floor again. They left us guys in an unbearable quiet, each of us wondering who would be kissing our wives at midnight. It was awkward, to say the least and we had fifteen more minutes of it in front of us. Finally, JT broke the silence with a joke about the seriousness of the girls. We all laughed it off and quickly found ourselves back in silence again. The minutes ticked away...s-l-o-w-l-y. 

When the DJ gave the "one minute to midnight" call, it was actually a relief. We all got up from the table and actually started toward the girls. We came to the dance floor as a pack, but realized the girls had scattered about. I guess they didn't want to make each other nervous or upset. It was just so surreal. I saw Allison and locked eyes with her for a second. She was off to the left of the dance floor, near the emergency door that led to the fire escape. She smiled, knowing that I wasn't looking for her. I smiled back and gave her a big wink. I then turned my attention to the task at hand. I was searching for a short, skinny brunette that I had called a prude for years. Robin and I had both had our run-ins but had recently found we actually kind of liked each other. I found her with 15 seconds remaining in the countdown and slipped into the booth beside her. She had a nervous smile on her face and I was sure I matched it. 

Allison was just getting ready to move from the door to try to make herself more visible to her "mystery kisser" when Jacob grabbed hold of her wrist from the side. The countdown was at "five" when she turned to look up at him. Standing well over six feet, he towered over her five foot seven frame. He wasted no time and bent down to meet her lips before the first stroke. His lips brushed over hers and she could feel strength in his kiss. She tried to reach her hands up to his face, but he held firm on her wrists. He controlled her with his grasp and pulled her up against him. His lips parted slightly and the tip of his tongue brushed over her warm bottom lip. A warm fire built in her belly and she breathed a quick breath. She responded in kind with the tip of her tongue and instantly found herself in a deep open mouth kiss with her best friend's husband. And she liked it. Letting go of her wrists and giving her some freedom, Jacob noticed Allison was quite a frisky kisser. She continued with her tongue, but also ran her hands around his waist and buried the tips of her fingers inside the band of his jeans. She gave light rubs over his lower back as they kissed. He returned the favor and squeezed her ass playfully.

The whole group seemed to be caught up in the devilish excitement of the "game" and it showed with how long it took for everyone to return to the table. Slowly all five couples returned with Jason and Juli being the last to bless us with their presence. 

"Well," JT started. "I can tell you one thing. Carissa can NOT kiss worth a shit!"

"Fuck you!" she quickly responded with a playful slap.

Roaring laughter followed and we all immediately felt at ease. Another round was ordered and Juli made a toast to the group. The glasses clinked and the mood returned to normal. Casual talk held us for another hour before the first of the group departed. JT and Alli Jo had to get back to relieve their babysitter. Juli and her boyfriend, who I always have a hard time remembering his name, left soon after. The core group remained, me and Allison, Jason and Robin, and Jacob and Carissa. I was getting ready to order my last beer when Allison spoke.

"So who was it?" she asked.

"I cannot kiss and tell," I said. 

"Come on...I'm gonna find out anyway. Tell me. We know who Carissa kissed!"

"He's the one who can't kiss worth shit," Carissa added. "Fucker!"

Carissa's husband, Jacob, burst out laughing. He almost spit his beer. I couldn't hold it in and laughed so hard I cried. Everyone took the opportunity to tease her again. It was pretty funny. 

"I kissed Juli," Jason said. "She barely kissed me back though," he said with a shrug.

"And I kissed Allison," Jacob chimed in between laughs. Ribbing Carissa even more, he followed with, "and she CAN kiss." 

My wife's cheeks turned bright red. She had been outed by Jacob, even though she knew it would be known anyway. She didn't expect him to bust it out so loudly though. 

"So that leaves Alli Jo or Robin here," Allison continued. "Hmmm?"

"It was me," Robin said. "I kissed Scott...or...he kissed me. Whatever," she said half drunkenly. 

I was smiling at her but still not saying a word. Allison took her opening and began to work playfully on Robin.

"Well, which is it? Did you kiss him or did he kiss you?"

Feeling Allison would wear her out unless she gave a good answer, Robin said, "We kissed each other. And it was good too. Soft, and sweet, and...careful. Although you know he's a good kisser anyway." 

With that, everyone was outed and we got a good idea of who enjoyed their kiss and who didn't. Honestly, I was pleasantly surprised Robin said what she said about our kiss. On the other hand, I was not at all surprised that Jacob and Allison shared a good kiss. Time quickly ticked away until we were all ready to go. The drinking was done. We needed some Krystals and a good cozy bed. I wasn't at all sure that sex was going to be in my near future, but I still held out a little hope. 

The waitress brought me our bill and I sent it back with our debit card for the damages. When the waitress returned with the card, I opened it up to tip her and to sign the slip. Allison wanted to look at the total too, so she was paying attention when I opened the waiter's book. Planted on top of our receipt was a business card, completely black except for the outline what appeared to be a dark red "Mardi Gras" type mask in the center of the card. Puzzled, I turned the card over and began to read.

AFTER PARTY PARTY

Cum if you Dare

Invitation Only

1211 Cherokee Blvd, Sequoia Hills

Password: Masked Indian

"What's that?" Allison asked as she read the card. "Who put that in there?"

"I don't know," I shrugged. "Looks like we got invited to a party."

"By who?"

"Not sure about that one either. Weird. Come on, I'm hungry. Let's get out of here."

I signed the slip and tossed the card back onto the table. I got up and shook hands with Jacob and Jason, hugged Carissa, and reached out to tell Robin goodbye as well. I knew Jason was watching me, but I hugged her tight anyway and told her that she was a good kisser as well. She smiled and we let go.

Allison hugged her girls and squeezed the guys. She kissed Jacob once more for show and spanked him on the ass as we walked away. 

"Yee-haw," I heard him cheer behind us. It was followed by a quick "ow" and "what?". Allison and I both laughed out loud as we descended the steps and back out onto the cold street. It was quite dark now and there was a buzz in the air. Actually, it was just my ears ringing from all the noise I had been "listening" to in the club for the last couple hours. Hand in hand, we made our way back to the car and climbed inside. It started quickly and blew cold air all over us when I turned the heater on. It took a few minutes to start to warm us up before we pulled away. 

I was headed straight for something to eat. I couldn't care less where I got the food from. I was just hungry, buzzed hungry. It was 1:30 in the morning and The Strip on campus was still pretty active. I pulled into Krystals, took Allison's order, and made a bee-line to the register. With my bag full of steaming Krystal burgers, I hopped back into the now scorching car. I handed the bag over to Allison, buckled my seatbelt, and reversed from my parking space. Back straight, I directed the car towards the interstate to take us home.

"Do we have to go home right now?" Allison asked between bites.

"No, I guess not," I said. "Why? What do you want to do?"

"I don't know. Something. Anything. No kids. It's only 1:30. I'm buzzing."

"I gotcha, but you have to give me some help. I have to have some kind of idea what you want to do."

"How about this?" she asked.

"What?" I responded and turned to look at her. "You picked that up? We don't even know what that is."

"I know. Let's find out. Just go by there. Let's get an idea." 

"Alright, we'll drive by and take a look."

I pointed the car past the end of campus and past the entrance ramp to the interstate, searching for some more mischief to get into. I didn't need the directions on the card. I knew perfectly well where Cherokee Blvd was located. It is the main road in one of Knoxville's oldest and richest neighborhoods. The length of the boulevard runs parallel to the river, so every house on the boulevard either sits directly on the river or has one hell of a view of it. 

We turned into the main entrance to Sequoia Hills through the big stone arches and meandered along the route for a good mile or so. We passed the neighborhood baseball fields and rounded through another turn-about when we came upon a long line of cars. This could have been any party, except that they all pointed to and were in the vicinity of 1211, the address on the card we found with our receipt slip. 

Passing the residence on our left, we noticed the whole house was gated. Someone was checking people in at the main walkway. The house itself was draped in darkness. Although lost in the shadows of the trees, we could tell it was enormous against the backdrop of the river. The outline was cast by the reflection of the moon on the water. 

"Nice house," I murmured.

"Huge! Wanna see what's inside?"

"You sure?"

"Yeah. Let's be 'adventurous' one more time."

"OK, but if anything weird happens, we're outa there."

"Deal."

We pulled in behind a Saab about halfway over the next hill. It was a good walk back to the entrance where we saw the shadow checking credentials. We made it briskly. The early morning hours were getting colder by the second. Allison and I rounded a BMW and approached the gate. 

"May I help you sir? This is a private party," came a deep voice from inside the gate.

"We have an invitation," I answered confidently.

"Sir, are you in possession of a card with a password on it?"

"I am."

"May I have the password please?"

"Masked Indian," I replied.

The gate squeaked open and we stepped inside. 

"Please follow the walk up to the front door. Knock once and repeat the password for admittance." 

"Thanks," I muttered, but he was already backing into the shadows.

Arm in arm, Allison and I made our way to the door. It was heavy, dark wood with what appeared to be ornamental steel protruding from it. Head height, there was a small pane of glass, blacked out, further stoking our curiosity about what lay beyond.

"I wanna do it," Allison said reaching out and giving a loud hard knock. "Masked Indian," she called to the door.

The heavy door quietly opened, allowing us the first glimpse of what lay beyond. Nothing. Darkness, except faint candlelight in the distance that gave no true light to what was in front of us. 

"Ma'am. Sir. This way please," came a request from our right. 

We stepped through a curtain into a small foyer. The man with the voice took our coats and hung them in the closet. He asked for Allison's purse as well, our cell phones, and any other electronic device that may "take pictures." He promised safe keeping and we were still buzzed, so we handed them over with no questions asked. He then handed each of us a "masquerade" type mask and asked us to wear this for the duration of our stay. We agreed and put the masks on. The man then told us we were free to move about the house as we chose and then left us promptly. This was all so "Eyes Wide Shut" to me. It was creepy, but exciting at the same time. I got that sense from Allison too as she took my arm and pulled me past another curtain and into the main living area of the house.

Entering the living room, we left all the stuffiness of the "gatekeepers" behind. My "Eyes Wide Shut" thoughts went out the door. There were no rituals going on. No one was dressed in a black cloak with a hood pulled up. The lights were dimmed, but not dark enough to be eerie. There was a large table in the middle of the room covered with "finger foods." Beer and wine were on ice in a large chest at the end of the table. Champagne glasses and "Happy New Year's" coozies were arranged neatly around the trays of food. It was a nice spread.

Allison and I, wanting to keep the buzz going, grabbed a couple glasses and filled them with champagne, dry for her and sweet for me. We moved around the table, sampling a few bites and met at a large bay window overlooking the back yard. One story below and outside was a brilliantly lighted pool. No one was swimming, of course, but the water radiated and begged someone to jump in. I guessed the temptation to the guests would increase with the amount of drinks consumed. To the side of the pool was an enormous hot tub. Flanked on all sides of the hot tub were people in various levels of undress. Some women were completely nude. Some sat in panties only. Some were fully clothed. The men were "dressed" the same, some with and some without clothing. They all seemed to be drinking and having a good time. A few couples or maybe they weren't couples were making out and fooling around, but there was nothing too shocking going on. We watched for a minute and then decided to check out some more of the house. 
