 Carol returned home from work to find her roommates arguing. Again. She was getting tired of this. With tuition costs and basic supplies, she could barely afford even her share of the rent on this dump. If her roommates kept up this constant bickering, one or both were going to move out and she'd be in a tough spot.

"I'm telling you, I've seen it" Derek insisted.

John, always the skeptic, argued, "And I'm saying, It's not possible. It's all special effects."

"What are we talking about?" Carol asked. Both men shut up immediately. They hadn't realized she'd come in, Carol realized. And when John blushed bright red, she knew they were arguing about something they would never have discussed had they known she was present. "Girls or sex?" she guessed. 

"Porn," Derek answered.

"Of course. What's the argument?"

"Not important," John said.

"I'm sure of that," Carol nodded. "Nobody is going to cure cancer by watching a porno. But I'm sick of the arguing. This time, you're going to tell me what it's about." She pointed at John, who was always quick to clam up but started most of the fights.

Reluctantly, John explained. "Derek is claiming he watched a video when two men were having sex with the same woman."

"Well, I'm afraid that it is possible," Carol said. "One man has to settle for butt sex, that's all."

"No, both men were penetrating her vagina at the same time, according to Derek. But it isn't possible."

"I've seen it," Derek repeated.

"Faked," John insisted. 

"Whole babies slide through that tunnel," Carol reminded him. "I'll bet it could take two dicks, no problem."

"Pregnant women produce all kinds of hormones and enzymes and other things to prepare her body. But normal women cannot stretch that much."

"I will ignore your idiotic assertion that pregnant women aren't normal. But pregnancy doesn't magically reconfigure the female body. All the equipment remains the same. If it can stretch to fit a baby, it can stretch to fit a pair of pricks."

"No," John shook his head. "It can't happen. It isn't possible."

"I am so over this fighting," Carol informed them. "So over it. We've got two males and one female right here. We will settle this argument one way or another. If it works, then John never again argues a point without proof. If John is correct, and it does not work, then you, Derek, will quit bringing up these bizarre topics of discussion."

"Settle this how?" Derek asked hopefully.

"Exactly how you're thinking. We take off our clothes and the two of you try to fuck me. And whoever turns out to be correct, the two of you will cover my share of the rent for next month."

"You cannot be serious," John scoffed.

"I am dead serious," Carol said, unzipping her skirt and dropping it to the floor. "This fighting has to stop now. If I have to sacrifice my body, I'll do it. Get your clothes off, both of you."

"I'm in!" Derek enthused.

"If it works, you'll both be in."

"This isn't necessary," John protested. 

"Are you willing to admit you're wrong?"

John was silent. 

"Then take off your clothes," Carol demanded. She had her shirt off and quickly shed her bra. In nine months of living together, John had never even seen her in a bikini. Her bare breasts finally convinced him that this was really happening. He slowly unbuttoned his shirt. 

Derek was down to his boxers when he suddenly became shy. He'd been fantasizing about sex with Carol ever since she moved in. But he was not comfortable about doing her in front of another guy. And doing her with another guy was something he was distinctively uncomfortable about. 

But Carol was having none of it. She pulled her panties to her knees, then let them drop, revealing her clean shaven pussy. She pointed insistently at Derek's boxers. "Off. Now." And she glared at John to get him moving faster. A few awkward minutes later, the three roommates were naked together for the first time ever. 

"All right," she said, "Seems to me that this will work best if one of you lies down and I get on top and then the other comes in from behind."

"That's how they did it in the movie," Derek agreed.

"John, you're elected. Lie down."

"Here on the floor?"

"Yes. On the floor. Now, if you please."

John slowly obeyed. And Carol growled when his reluctant squeamishness left him with a flaccid little dick. "Are you kidding me? I realize you don't have control over that thing. I know you can't just pop a boner at will. But I'm naked. And I'm reasonably attractive. The sight of a naked girl is supposed to produce an automatic hard-on."

She got down on the floor, on her hands and knees. "I can't believe I'm doing this," she said, then took him into her mouth.

She sucked on him for a few minutes, licking the head of his cock, and massaging his balls with her fingers until he was hard enough for penetration. Then she stood up, straddled his waist, and crouched down on top of him. She took his cock in her hand, positioned it until the head was nudging her pussy lips open then sank down and impaled herself. 

Carol loved the feel of a good, hard cock buried inside her. There was nothing better. In her irritation with her annoying, quarrelsome roommates, she had almost forgotten how good this was going to feel. She rose and fell on him a few times, savoring the sensations of a dick sliding in and out of her. But the best was yet to come.

She leaned forward, lying down on top of John. Just to annoy the prudish jerk, she kissed him, slipping her tongue into his mouth. Moments ago, her lips and tongue had been on his penis. That was sure to bother him. 

But she had a purpose here, a theory to prove or disprove and an argument to settle. Looking back over her shoulder, she said, "Go ahead," to Derek.

As he knelt down behind here, getting into position, Carol was suddenly aware that this position made her vulnerable to the more usual kind of double penetration. She needed to nip that possibility in the bud.

"I need to confess something to you boys," she said. "I love sex. I love getting stuffed with dick. I am really, genuinely looking forward to this experiment. When I masturbate, I cannot come without shoving something inside my cunt. I need to use a dildo or vibrator or it just doesn't work for me. For special occasions, I have an extra-large one I call Brutus. I am hoping that two real dicks inside me will feel even better than a giant fake one. 

"But remember what we're trying to accomplish here. Stick to the plan back there, Derek. If you try to sneak in my back door, I will not be happy, and Brutus is going to show you what that feels like."

Derek took the threat seriously. Very carefully, he laid his cock right on top of John's and started pushing forward. He had to press down hard with his fingers to stay on course. Carol's pussy was already occupied. Shoving a second cock in there was no easy task.

But he was determined, and Carol was both willing and patient. John's cock was wet and slippery with Carol's natural pussy lube and she started pushing back when she felt Derek poking at her. As he pressed down and forward, and Carol pushed back, there was nowhere else for his dick to go but in. With John's dick acting as runway, Derek slid into Carol's pussy.

Carol was looking into John's eyes as the second cock entered her. She was sandwiched between two naked men and full of male flesh. "Oh, God, that feels good," she said. "What do you say, John m?"

"I guess it feels okay," he admitted. "However, I can't really see what's happening, can I? I don't know for certain that both of us are inside you."

Carol rolled her eyes. But Derek was more vocal. "Dude! My balls are pressed against your balls. My dick is spooning your dick. This would be the gayest shit ever if we weren't both fucking a girl's cunt.

"Nevertheless," John stubbornly persisted, "if I can't see it, I don't know what's happening."

"Damnit!" Carol exclaimed. "Everybody out! Now!"

Derek withdrew his cock and Carol stood up, releasing John from her pussy's grip. She grabbed her purse from the counter and pulled out her phone. She turned on the video recorder to get John the proof he needed. Her phone's camera app had a special freeze function that allowed her to take snapshots even as the video kept recording. 

She took nude snapshots of Derek, John, and then herself. Carol took selfies with Derek's cock in her mouth, then with John's. But the video would show her moving from one to the other.

She was ready to try again. But this time, she mounted John in reverse cowgirl. She made sure the video showed his face, then moved to show his cock as she crouched down and took him in. 

Keeping the camera aimed at her pussy, Carol nodded at Derek. "Go!"

Derek was much more confident this time. He had some experience at this now. And with Carol no longer ass up in doggy style, there was no danger of accidentally sliding into the wrong hole and risking a visit from Brutus. He hovered over Carol and once again pressed his dick to John's. Now that he'd done it once, the man to man contact no longer intimidated him. He pressed down, pushed in, and the pussy yielded. He was inside. For the second time, Carol had a second cock inside her cunt. And she had photos and video to prove it. 

But convincing John could wait. She hadn't planned for this. She hadn't even fantasized about this. But Carol had two dicks inside her and she wasn't about to waste the opportunity. "Fuck me," she ordered Derek. "Fuck us both."

John stayed motionless as Derek started moving. He pounded Carol's pussy, ramming his cock in and out. Carol was getting close. She'd never had it like this before. One dick was drilling her pussy, hard and fast. But the other remained deep inside. She was getting a furious fucking without sacrificing the constant sensations of penetration. 

And Carol was not alone as she neared climax. As Derek slid the shaft of his dick in and out of Carol, he was also stimulating himself and John. The sensitive underside of one cock slid up and down the shaft of the other. 

With a loud groan, Derek thrust deep and froze there. He and John exploded almost at once. Carol felt the two cocks swell up as they burst into her. And the feel of two different cocks shooting cum into her simultaneously was all Carol needed. The double load filling her cunt shoved her over the edge. She was blind and deaf to everything but the cocks and cum inside her and the electric sensations jolting through her clit. 

She quivered and shook as the orgasm took her. And it was delicious to be crushed between two men, absolutely overwhelmed, her spasming body kept in control by their much larger masculine forms. Even lost in their own mutual moment of ecstasy, pouring themselves into her, they kept her safe and secure, sheltered from the world. 

As the orgasm finally faded, it was a very long time before any of them were able to move again. It was just too warm and snug and cozy, trapped firmly between the two men, each one also lodged deep and tight within her. It felt just too damn good to hasten an end to the encounter. 

But eventually, they were forced to disengage, get up off the floor, and go on with their lives. But the first order of business was to send the phone's video recording to the television and settle the argument. The video playback was good enough to convince John, and also inspired an immediate repeat of the verifying activities. 

Carol reflected, when it was all over, that the old saying was wrong. One in the hand is definitely not as good as two in the bush.