 This is my first submission, any comments are greatly appreciated. All characters in this story are above the age of 18. 

****************************

One summer in college, I became friends with a couple of girls. Amy, Michelle, and Beth all worked at the restaurant that I also worked at, us all being waiters. I went to high school with these girls, and each was a steaming hot babe in her own right. These were THE popular girls that I had always fantasized about, but never actually talked to all that much. Beth was about 5'6", with dark hair that contrasted with her pale skin. She had deep brown eyes and always looked pissed off at something. She had the great body, nice and firm with tits that weren't too big, but were definitely not small, and a sweet, tight ass. Michelle had a beautiful face, with bright green eyes and light brown hair, which offset her freckles. She had a great pair of tits much larger than Beth's. Michelle was well known in high school to have one absolutely incredible ass. Quite definitely one of the best asses I've ever seen, it was strangely disproportionate to the rest of her body. Her ass just ballooned up at her hips. And finally, Amy. Probably what a sex god looks like. Blonde hair, blue eyes, basically breathtaking. She had a nice ass that always filled out her jeans, and the perfect size tits that jiggled no matter what she was doing.

One night, all three were hanging out, and they called me up and invited me over. I sure didn't mind becoming better friends with them, especially if it meant that I could sneak peeks at them more often. I got there, and they were all watching TV. I sat down on a couch across from them, and we got to talking. Somehow the conversation went to relationships. Now, for some reason I'm still trying to figure out, I've never had much luck with the ladies. I've had no problem being friends with them, and I certainly don't avoid them, but I had never had a relationship that lasted over one month. And while I had been on quite a few dates, most of my action was got from drunken hookups, and never went further than that. I was somewhat of an anomaly: a college virgin. I don't mind admitting it, I take no shame from being one, and eventually I just told the girls that this was the case. They all looked at each other, and kind of smiled. I thought that they were making fun of me, which is usually the case, but it turned out to be something else completely. 

Amy came over and sat down on the couch next to me, took one of my hands in both of hers, and brought it up to one of her beautiful breasts. I was dumbfounded. I currently had my right hand on Amy's tit, and she had put it there! One of my greatest high school fantasies was actually coming true! They felt just the way they looked, easily shaped and molded, and I ran my hands all over them, my palms covering her nipples that were starting to stand out. Michelle came up behind me and started massaging my back as I kneaded Amy's tits, and Beth came and sat down on my other side. Beth reached out and started rubbing my crotch, feeling the hardness that was straining against my pants. Amy leaned forward and kissed me lightly, then I pushed my tongue against her lips, gently forcing her mouth open, and she brought her tongue to meet mine. We stayed like this for about a minute, until Amy suddenly stood up.

"I have an idea," she said. "Why don't you guys go and watch TV in the bed upstairs, while I go get us some drinks at the store?" The other two girls giggled. 

"S-sure" I stammered, still unable to grasp what had just happened. Michelle grabbed my hand and gave me a deep kiss, then giggled and led me up the stairs. As I started up, I felt a sharp pinch on my ass, so I looked around and saw Beth smiling at me with a glint in her eye. I Joet down and locked my lips onto hers, then reached down and gave her tight ass a squeeze of my own.

"Come on you guys!" Michelle called down from the top of the stairs. Beth and I disengaged, and we both followed Michelle up. We got to Michelle's bedroom, and the two girls asked me to wait outside for a bit. As I was standing outside, I couldn't even believe what had just happened. 

Then I heard them calling my name and saying that it was ok to come in now. I walked into the room, and they were both lying on the bed with the sheets up to their chins. 

"Come on in, Joe," Beth said, while Michelle giggled. I was stunned for a second. They wanted me to get into bed with them? As big as Michelle's bed was, it would be a tight fit for the three of us, with plenty of chances for my hand to "accidentally" brush against something it wasn't supposed to. I walked over and started to get in when Michelle stopped me. 

"You can't come in like that! Take off your clothes this instant!" she giggled with mock seriousness. I was speechless. These two girls wanted me to get into bed naked with them? But then Beth sat up a little bit, and I realized that neither of them had shirts on. What if they were both naked too? Not wanting them to change their mind, I quickly stripped, hiding my privates so they couldn't see. Then I jumped into bed in between them, with Beth on my right and Michelle on my left. As soon as I got into the bed I knew that they were both just as naked as I was, and that knowledge brought my prick to its full hardness, making a tent in the sheet. Both the girls looked at it, then smiled at each other and suddenly snuggled in closer to me. They were pretending to just watch the TV that was on the other side of the room, but as they did so they slowly turned towards me, so that their breasts were brushing against my chest. I didn't think it was possible, but my dick just kept getting harder and harder. 


"I don't like this show," Beth said suddenly. "Michelle, where's the remote?" She started groping around under the covers, and tightly grasped my hardness. "What's this?" she asked me, with a small smile on her face. I had jumped the second she touched me, and was now sitting up rigid in the bed. Michelle stretched her arms out, causing the blanket to reveal a good deal of cleavage, then turned and put her arm across my chest. I could feel her nipple brushing against my chest as she breathed. Combined with Beth slowly jacking me off, I shot out my load in no time. Beth and Michelle looked at each other and giggled, then Beth brought her hand, covered in my cum, out from under the blankets, and started licking off the jizz. 

"Hey!" Michelle exclaimed. "I want some too!" 

"Of course," Beth replied, moving her hand over me and into Michelle's face. I couldn't believe that I was hard again, but then thinking about what was going on, I didn't know why I was surprised. Suddenly, Amy walked into the room. 

"I see you guys got started without me," she giggled. "Fine, I'll just have to play catch up." She reached down and pulled up her shirt, revealing her bra, and then slipped out of her pants. She walked over to the bed, and ripped the covers off. In that instant, the three of us were revealed, completely naked. 

I was stunned. Sure I've seen naked girls before. But I had usually been wasted, and I usually blacked out. But now I was sober, and these girls were the standards by which I now judge hotness, and they were now butt naked right next to me! One of them was licking my cum off of her hand! Beth kept calmly cleaning her hand, but then my focus went lower than her face. Her breasts were smaller than I thought they would be, but her nipples were pretty big. I could tell they were firm, because they still held their shape even without a bra. My eyes slid down her toned stomach, down to her bush that covered her pussy. Her pussy hair was extreme black, just like her regular hair, stark against her pale skin, and it seemed glossy. I couldn't wait to part that hair, and find the wet, hot treasure that must be buried there. I stared at Beth for a while, but then I realized that Michelle was on the other side of me, and she was just as naked.

I quickly turned, and there was Michelle, with that smile on her face that made her look incredible. Her breasts were much larger than Beth's, more than a handful each. She had tiny pink nipples that were like little buds on her tits. I couldn't resist reaching over and grabbing one, rubbing my thumb against her standing nipple. I then ran my hand down her stomach, not as toned as Beth's, but definitely not pudgy. My eyes followed my hand, so when I felt the top of her wet slit, I was surprised not to feel any hair. Apparently, Michelle shaved her pussy, which was an unbelievable turn on. I slid my finger up and down her pink lips, tracing them at first but then running along the inside. But as I started to poke into Michelle's pussy, Amy decided to remind me that there was one other girl in the room.

While I had been occupied with Beth and Michelle's naked bodies, Amy had become completely naked, and was now climbing towards me on the bed. She was practically on top of me, my hard dick brushing against her tits as she slid closer. And oh man were those incredible tits! They were like two orbs of beauty, slightly tanned, and they were huge. They had nice pink nipples that stuck out farther than either Beth or Michelle. Her hot pussy was pressed against my leg, but I could see the light blond hair that sparsely covered her slit. Then she brought my head up to look into her eyes, and I just stared at them, radiant blue, not believing that I wasn't looking at her perfect body, but not able to look away. But then that perfect body came back to my attention as I realized that she was straddling my hips. She started sliding back and forth, rubbing her wet pussy against my stiff cock. Then she bent down and kissed me. And while I wrestled her tongue in her own mouth, I reached down and positioned my cock upright then brought her ass down so that my cock penetrated her steaming pussy.

It was incredible. Amazing. She was incredibly wet, but so tight that her pussy muscles still gripped my dick and pulled on it as I kept plowing into her. Amy gasped out a loud moan, and Michelle and Beth went straight for her breasts. Each cupping one beautiful tit and attacked a nipple with their mouths. I was in absolute heaven. I grabbed Amy's ass and started pushing her up and then forcefully bringing her back down, each time slamming my balls into her ass. Then I reached up and pushed Michelle and Beth off of Amy's nipples, and flipped Amy over, so that now I was on top. I saw a lustful look in her eye as she realized that I was now in control, and I could see how aroused she got. I stopped pounding into her there, then reached over and stuck two fingers into each Michelle's and Beth's pussies. Beth immediately closed her eyes and started moaning, while Michelle's eyes opened wider and stared straight into mine. She gave out an incredibly excited giggle, and then I started jamming my fingers in and out of their cunts. Beth's body started spasming, and in a few seconds she was cumming. Michelle, on seeing this, started to have her own orgasm. As both girls were calming down, I removed my fingers from their dripping pussies, and grabbed Amy's tits with the still cum covered fingers. I started hammering my raging hard cock back into her hot cunt. As I kept fucking the shit out of Amy, I could see her orgasm begin to build. Soon, while I kept up the continuous pounding, her back started to arch and she started gasping for breath. Seeing that she was now cumming, I gave her one last thrust and then started cumming myself. Rope after rope of jiz shot out of my cock, and I pumped each one into her. 

After a bit, I slid off of Amy and lay next to her on the bed, my now limp cock exiting her dripping pussy. All four of us lay there for a while, none of us speaking. Then, slowly, Amy, Michelle, and Beth all climbed over to where I was, and began to kiss each other lightly. After I bit of this I was invited to join, and our four tongues rolled over each other for a while. Then the girls disengaged, and Beth started rubbing my chest while Michelle worked her way down to my still flaccid dick. I looked at Amy questioningly. Surely they couldn't still be horny? "I had my turn." Amy said. Michelle lowered her head and sucked my still limp cock into her mouth, and Beth looked at me and said: "Now it's ours..."

Needless to say, it was a good night.