 Author's note: As I mentioned in the first installment, I felt obliged to write about the summer in college that was literally the hottest, and one of the most sex filled you could imagine. It's been a really long time since I've posted a submission, and decided to pick up where this one left off. So please go back and read Ch 1 first. Ch2 is short, but Ch 3 gets going pretty good. I have a number of occurrences that deserve attention, and I intend to produce some decent reading. I hope you enjoy. And please comment.

***

Sometime after our little "lesson", the three of us were hanging around the apartment, doing what college kids do. The heat of the summer still kept us in minimal clothing. The girls usually wore bikini tops or tanks, and I rarely wore anything but lacrosse shorts. And this night was no different. Jill lay against one of those giant floor pillows. And Missy and I sat on the couch, as we all watched the tube.

Rowing two to three hours a day, plus weight training kept me in great shape, but it also made me desperate for back rubs. Even though Jill and I were dating, and had lots of sex, she rarely obliged with a massage. Missy, on the other hand, didn't mind. And this night I was sitting between Missy's legs, on the edge of the couch, while she massaged my back. I don't know if it was the position, or the heat, or just boredom; but Missy started getting flirty, and she eventually came up with a brilliant idea.

Thus far things were innocuous enough. Jill didn't care a bit about a little backrub. And both girls had curled up and fallen asleep in my arms many times. Not to mention that the two of them had recently shared my cock in their mouths. So when Missy wrapped her legs around my waist, I didn't pay much attention. At one point she pressed her thumbs into me hard enough that it hurt, and I arched my back and leaned back into her. My upper body pressed against Missy's against the couch. My attention was quickly drawn to the feel of her breasts pressing against my bare back. As I sat back up, I glanced down at Jill, who was facing away from us, watching TV. Missy resumed her massage, but then squeezed her legs a bit. One of her heels pressed into my crotch, and I knew it was deliberate. With a coordinated effort, my back massage was accompanied by her foot rubbing against my bulging shorts. I knew what she was up to, and hoped for the best. About the time my cock was straining at my shorts, Missy put her feet back down to the floor.

"Hey! I think it's time for your test!" Missy announced to Jill.

"What?" Jill rolled to her side, and looked back at us.

"You know!" Missy blatantly pointed at my crotch.

I was all smiles, and watched Jill roll her eyes at me. The tent in my shorts was a dead giveaway. And Jill glared at me with her eyebrows raised.

"Wasn't me," I shirked, and nodded over my shoulder.

"What have you two been up too?" 

"Nothing," Missy giggled, feigning innocence.

Jill sighed, and started crawling towards us on her hands and knees. I had been concerned that she would take offense to Missy instigating, and my allowing her to. But as Jill put her hands on top of my knees, and slid one hand up under my shorts, I knew she was cool with it. Not a peep of complaint. She just took a solid hold of my swollen cock, and stared into my eyes.

"What kind of massage was this?" she asked Missy, without taking her eyes off mine. 

"I dunno...I might have accidentally brushed up against something with my leg..."

"Uh huh," Jill, nodded, rolling her eyes again. "You are so spoiled."

"Yes, I am." I agreed, and watched Jill lick her lips as her free hand pulled open my waistband.

My shorts were on the floor quickly, allowing me to spread my legs and relax. I felt Jill's warm mouth cover the end of my cock, and settled back to enjoy. As I leaned backwards into Missy, she wrapped her arms around my torso. She couldn't go anywhere if she wanted, and the more my attention was diverted to Jill, the more my weight pinned Missy to the couch. Jill hand a hand full of my balls, and her other hand pressed against the inside of my thigh. She coated the length of my shaft with saliva, tilting her head back and forth, and then returned her lips to the tip.

As Jill paused for a breath, I took in my surroundings, and noticed Missy's hands rubbing up and down my abs. I also felt her breasts against my bare skin again. As I had settled onto her, the back of my neck was nestled in her cleavage. I felt her chin on the top of my head. Missy had a perfect view of Jill sucking my cock.

I wanted to turn and get Missy involved, but Jill stole my attention. Her tongue swirled around my balls, and she began vigorously stroking my cock. She wasn't fooling around. Jill obviously wanted to ace this "test", and she was wasting no time. As soon as I started breathing heavier, I was surprised to feel Missy's hand wander. When my weight was slightly lifted from her, she quickly shoved her hand under my back. It was uncomfortable at first, until I realized what was happening. Missy leaned her head down to the side, as she reached her hand between her legs. Her mouth was next to my ear, and she breathed a moan that gave me the chills. She was fingering herself.

Jill was doing her best to make me cum, forcing my cock into her throat repeatedly. I of course, was trying to hold out as long as I could. The sound of Missy panting in my ear drove me wild, and so did the feel of her hand wriggling against the small of my back as she rubbed at her clit. 

I only lasted a couple minutes. Jill was in no danger of failing her "test" and began tugging at my sack as my hips started thrusting up into her. She knew I was close, and was ready to finish me off. Missy's panting turned to one long moan, and her body clenched beneath me. When Missy's nails dug into my chest, a stream of cum erupted into Jill's mouth. As she devoured my cock, and sucked me dry, Jill looked up at me for approval. For a fraction of a second, Jill squinted her eyes, and I knew it was a reaction to seeing Missy's face next to mine. Missy was still panting into my ear, as her orgasm subsided. And I'm sure the expression on her face didn't hide anything. 

Jill finished cleaning me up, and started back for the big pillow. 

"Looks like you're satisfied." Jill said, as she settled onto the pillow. "I guess I passed."

I could never be certain, but I'm pretty sure she was talking to Missy, and not me. I was smart enough to pull my shorts up, and curl up next to my girlfriend on the floor. And I left Missy alone on the couch.

The next day, Jill and I were lying in bed, enjoying the cooler morning air blowing on us from the fan in the open window. I was naked, face down. Jill was naked except for a tiny pair of string panties. Her head rested on my back, and she was lightly rubbing her hand over my ass. I loved the sensation, and would happily have stayed there all day.

"I think she wants to fuck you." Jill broke the peaceful silence.

"What?" I mumbled into the pillow that was folded into my arms.

"Missy...she definitely wants you." 

"Why? Just because the three of us have been fooling around?" I scoffed. 

"No. Because she keeps starting things." Jill was nuzzling at my shoulder. 

"Well, we were drinking, and you have been pretty into it anyway."

"We weren't drinking last night when she got herself off with you between her legs."

I propped myself up, and turned over to face Jill. She propped herself up on her elbows, and continued to nuzzle at my chest. Her long, gorgeous body stretched diagonally across the bed. I studied the arch of her back, and the perfectly round humps of her ass protruding from the sheets.

"Well, first of all, I didn't have anything to do with that." I ran my fingers thru her curly hair.

"And she was watching you give me a blow job." I theorized, "Maybe she wants you."

"Shut up." Jill didn't want to hear my ridiculous theory. And I didn't believe it myself.

"Still, just because she got all hot and bothered, doesn't mean she wants me."

"I'm thinking about letting you fuck her." Jill's hand was casually rubbing my groin, and it stopped, waiting for a reaction.

"Wha...?"

As my dick jumped to life, my thoughts were impossible to hide. Jill circled her hand around my cock, and slowly rubbed her thumb at the head.

"You want to fuck her?" Jill asked, as the blood raced into my cock.

I searched for a way out of the lie that my swelling cock was about to confirm. "Well...I don't want to have sex with just her...But I definitely would like to fuck both of you."

"That's what I meant...dumbass." Jill bumped her forehead into my ribs, reinforcing her comment. I settled onto my back, and we lay still for a few minutes. She was slowly running her fingers over my entire groin, teasing at my balls, and swirling her thumb at the sensitive tip of my cock.

"I'm not making any promises," Jill announced, "I'm not even sure she would want to."

"I have a feeling she's up for it," I guessed, "Since she has been the one starting things."

Jill arched her back, lifting her ass into the air just enough to wriggle her panties down over her hips. Then she rolled to her side, keeping one hand wrapped around my cock, and used her free hand to walk her panties down her legs enough that she could kick them off.

"How come you want to do it?" I asked.

"I dunno," Jill timidly shrugged, "I thought you might like it."

"I think maybe you might want it," I quipped. 

Sitting up on her knees, Jill feigned indifference, "Maaaybe." She used both hands on me briefly, and then braced one hand on my chest.

"So...do you have a plan?" I asked, watching Jill straddle my legs. She shifted her feet underneath her, and rose up to a squat position. She inverted her grip on my aching cock, and began sliding the head back and forth between her folds.

"We should tease her."

"Oh yeah?" I whispered in anticipation. "How?"

Jill nestled my cockhead into the right spot, and eased her smoldering pussy down over my length. She finally let go with her hand, and braced it on my chest next to the other. Then she raised herself off me again, my entire shaft now fully lubricated.

"I'm sure we'll figure something out."

With that, Jill slammed herself down on me. She brought all her weight to bear as I pierced her once again. She pressed hard against my chest, and forcefully ground her pussy against me. I did my best to press my cock as far inside her as it would go. As Jill slowly began to rock her hips, I began to imagine what it would be like to have her and her red headed friend at the same time.