 I woke up the next morning feeling a bit more relaxed. The air was crisp, the sun filtered through the leaves, and I was going to make bacon and eggs on an open fire. I started my kindling with a flint and, began to build up my sticks - focussed completely on my task, until I heard conversation off in the distance. Oh yeah, the fuck couple. It had actually, totally slipped my mind everything that had happened already. Me being seen, then me watching them. Fuck. Yeah, that was hot. I slipped into my cooler, plunging a hand into the ice to fish out the bacon. Glancing over at my neighbours, I thought I saw the girl head off towards the main gate - as the guy seemed to fiddle with his fire pit. I got my food going just as my stomach started to rumble, and I looked out towards the water when I felt someone approach.

"Hey there, man — sorry to bug you. But I was just wondering if you had some spare matches. I think we lost our last pack,"

I glanced up at this skinny white kid, the same one I saw powering into that pussy last night, and shook my head. "sorry dude, I'm all flint here - if you know how to use it, you're welcome to it,"

He grimaced, and seemed a bit embarrassed.

"Ha, y'know what man? I see that all the time on TV, but can never make it work myself. Oh shit, sorry — my name is Roger," He extended his hand, and I put down my pan to shake it.

"Well, how about I just finish this up, and I'll be over to set you guys up,"

He stopped for a second, then registered something before speaking "Oh you've met Sandra. Cool. Cool. Yeah dude, take your time, you're doing me a big favour. I'll just be over there," He gestured with his head before turning and heading back to his camp. Sandra, I thought to myself. Roger and Sandra. Interesting pair those two. I returned to my breakfast, seasoning and flipping, before sliding it into my tin bowl, and heading over next door.

Roger was tidying up their camp when I got there, they had a little radio quietly playing some Top 40 hanging in a tree. I was surprised I didn't hear it over in my camp, but was pleased they knew some basic camp etiquette.

I helped start his fire and stood up next to him watching it catch the bigger sticks. "Hey man, thanks," Roger clapped his hand on my shoulder in appreciation. He was super nice, but I figure also a bit intimidated by the our size and obvious age difference. Just barely into his twenties, he had wide shoulders but a fairly light frame. With the two of us wearing only our shorts, the contrast between my broad, hairy chest and his swimmers build was rather striking.

"Well hello there neighbour," Sandra's sweet voice slid in amongst the trees, as she greeted us with a big toothy grin. She was indeed gorgeous, I thought, as she kissed Roger, and moved to hang her towel on a nearby line. "Hope the music isn't too loud," 

"Oh no babe, David here was just helping me with the fire - I think we kinda lost our matches again," Roger kicked at a stone, as he shot me a sheepish glance. Sandra gave him a mockingly displeased look, and began to rummage around in their cooler.

"Well, I think that deserves a reward," She handed me an ice cold beer. "That is, if you don't think its too early for a breakfast beer?"

I laughed and popped the tab on the can. "And I was just about to eat too,"

We had a pretty good vibe, so Roger suggested I bring over my breakfast and have a couple drinks with them to start the day. So i ambled on back to my camp, checked on my fire and grabbed my tin.

It surprisingly had a good morning with them, shooting the breeze, and talking about our regular lives. Sandra was a nurse at a nearby hospital, and Roger was a graphic design student. They grew up a couple of hours away, but moved in together recently, having spent 4 years together as a couple. They were pretty cool folks. I told them about my job, and lack of a love life, and we kept a steady stream of drinks going well past lunch. I had initially planned to go on a hike, but figured, fuck - chilling out was just as good. It also didn't hurt to keep eyeing Sandra's breasts in that tiny red bikini top either. Every time she would laugh, I'd try not to get caught watching them nearly spill out into the open.

"Well, this lady has to get her piss on, so if you will excuse me," She stood up, brushed the dirt off her butt and disappeared into the trees.

"Fuck, I'm glad she said that," I stood up. "I've had to go like a racehorse for the last ten minutes,"

"Yeah me too man," Roger pointed "I've been using that spot over there," He got up and stumbled off to the side with me. It felt a bit weird, but I unzipped and hauled out my cock, waiting for the piss to come out. Roger stood beside me, and pulled his dick out in a fashion which made it hard not to look. For a skinny guy, he was about ten inches limp. He let loose a stream of piss just before I did, and we both stared down at the wet leaves in silence.

"So, uh, Dave - I hope you don't think this is fucked up or anything. So like, don't fucking punch me or anything,"

I slowly glanced sideways at the kid. He continued, as we put away our cocks and zipped up.

"You uh, you like Sandra right? I mean, she's hot, right?"

I stared at him, trying not to give anything away just yet. I nodded quietly.

"So look. Sandy and I are poly. Like, we have an open relationship. We love each other, and we'll get married one day, but we're into all sorts of crazy shit, and we were talking about you last night,"

I froze, a blush reaching my cheeks. She had told him about seeing me in the water.

"Anyhow, we - well, she wants the three of us to fuck. She wants two guys at the same time." He finally blurted it all out in one go, and stood there a bit wide eyed waiting to see what my reaction would be. Now granted, I had more than a few beers in me at the time, so my reaction time wasn't so quick -but I was dizzied at the request. She was hot, watching them fuck - well, I had jerked off watching them fuck. So... It was a bit surreal.

I laughed nervously, and looked away for a second. Looking back at Roger I was a bit wide eyed myself. "We're both just super drunk right now aren't we?" I laughed again. Roger eased a little, and grinned before responding.

"Dude, we're all less than sober here, but I swear." His face got serious, and he put his hands on both my shoulders. "I swear to god, she wants to fuck us both,"

Shit. This was for real. As real as it was going to be, I suppose. I had locked eyes with Roger in a weird bro staring contest, waiting for a crack in his demeanour to reveal the gag, but it wasn't coming. What did, was a slight glance on his part, over towards the water. It pulled my focus away, and through glassy eyes, I could see Sandra walking on the little beach. She had just stepped out of her shorts, leaving them in a pile behind her, the bottoms of her red bikini now on view, her ass straining at the strings that held the fabric together. She was knee deep in the water before stopping to look over her shoulder, as if to call us in. Roger and I slowly moved towards her as she descending under the water. Turning around, only her eyes and the top of her head visible, she seemed to be silently instructing us.

Roger and I moved in sync, despite our sole and independent focus. Belts were undone, and clanked on metal buttons as our shorts hit the sand. We stood there on display, two naked, and physically different men in the sunshine, our cocks limply hanging, awaiting our beauty's next command. Sandra rose from the lake, water pouring off of her in shiny rivulets, her nipples pushing out of the red triangles stretched across her breasts. We walked forward, feeling the coolness of the water rise up to our mid thigh. I looked at Roger as we enveloped Sandra, he smiled excitedly and nodding at me. Sandra pressed her body into mine, and we kissed. 

Tongues explored as my cock hardened against her belly, with one of her hands, she grasped my neck, with the other, she reached down to cup my balls. I could feel the water lap away at my ass. Opening my eyes to new noise, I noticed that Roger had sidled up behind Sandra, and was kissing her neck while grinding on her backside. He looked at me with a big grin on his face before returning to his ministrations. Sandra and I broke momentarily to catch our breath, before locking lips yet again. I reached down and roughly pushed my hand between her legs, impatiently pawing at her pussy to make my presence felt. She moaned in my mouth. 

I would have loved to have seen the picture of the three of us out there, half in the water, two naked men, grinding our hard cocks up against this beautiful black woman, while I groped her cunt. Her bikini bottoms falling apart and exposing her bushy pubes and swollen purple labia. I'd jerk off to that picture if I wasn't in it at the moment.

Sandra's bikini became a memory, tossed up on the shore as Roger and I mashed up against her, tugging and her flesh, kissing and nibbling along her breasts and back and shoulders as we became more primal. At one point, I pushed forward, unaware that my cock would rudely slip into her gash, making her jump and moan. She kissed me hard, before looking me in the eyes and quietly shaking her head. I pulled out and moved my hips to the side, slapping my cock against Rogers, who was at his 10" best.

Collectively, we moved up onto the beach and back into camp, quickly scattering about some towels on the bumpy terrain before falling into a heap. Sandra lay on her back while we all exchanged curious glances as each other. I was the first to speak.

"So, how do you want to do this?"

Roger didn't know how to answer, but seemed to be thinking about it. Sandra seemed to be waiting for someone else to take charge for a second, before gesturing me to bring my cock up to her mouth. At first, I tried to straddle her face and feed her, but it didn't really work, so she shifted her weight onto her side to more easily engulf me. Kneeling beside her, I felt her lips over my shaft, as an expert tongue slid over my glans. I lost track of the noises I was making at this point, I just didn't fucking care. Looking down, I could see Roger had buried his face in his woman's pussy, rapidly lapping away, before stabbing his tongue into her, or mashing up against her clit. Sandra shook violently, my cock falling out of her mouth from time to time.

Changing positions, I was given a condom to roll on, and laid on my back, as Sandra turned and lowered herself on my dick. I nearly lost my load, feeling her muscles squeeze around my shaft and pull me in deeper. She took a slow pace, going up and down, speeding up - before changing movements, and rocking back and forth. I grabbed big handfuls of her hips, bringing her down hard on me as I thrust upward. Roger continued licking her, concentrating on her clit and making her lose control. She would shake erratically, and from time to time, I could feel Rogers tongue on my shaft and his hot breath on my sack. Just to fuck would have been enough for me, but to be doing it out in nature, and to be fucking a strange girl as her boyfriend eats her out... It all just made it all that much dirtier and dangerous - and it amped up the excitement as I pumped harder and harder into her. She screamed out and cried, as I bellowed;

"I'm fuccking, cuuuuuuummmmming!!" 

I lost my mind as I felt my cock empty. I could feel the condom fill my with load, and Sandra kept riding me hard, until I limply fell out, and began to whimper. In a matter of seconds though, a wet, dank pussy landed over my gasping mouth begging to be licked, and so I did. I swallowed her juices, tasting the foul latex that was just inside of her - it was nasty, and it was exquisite. My cock tingled from its recent activities, and I blindly collected it in my hand, trying to numb its sensitivity. Sandra shifted her body, to feed me her clitoris, and I focussed my tongue. Strangely, I could feel more heat on my body - and I realized that Roger had climbed up behind his girlfriend, and was about to mount her from behind. 

I could barely make anything out from my position. I knew I was lapping away at clit, while Sandra's pussy was being pounded doggy style. I felt her knees around my head, and Rogers legs astride my belly. I could taste Sandra's quim, and our combined sweat, and again, the bitter taste of the latex condom I had filled. All I saw in the slivers of light were pussy, bush, belly, cock and balls. I felt awkward and dirty every time I would accidentally tongue at Rogers shaft. I had never been this close to another man's dick before, had no strong feelings about it, but felt somewhat emasculated in the moment. But the strange feeling of embarrassment, the same feeling I had being eyed yesterday by Sandra on the beach in all my naked glory - it felt wrong, and dirty, but also dangerous and incredibly fucking hot. I wasn't gay, but I also didn't need to be to just fucking love the nastiness of the moment I was in.

I could feel Sandra's entire body over me start to quiver, and she started to openly weep as Roger dug deep and pounded her slowly and I bit at her nub. She hissed out at him "Cum inside me now, do it fucking now!" and her hand had slid down to cover her over-sensitive clit. I gathered that she had orgasmed, and was in a delicate state of bliss - but wanted her partner to be able to finish as well. Roger went into overdrive now, hammering at her like a jackrabbit, before howling into spasms, and filling her with his cum. Bodies gently shook, and began to shift as we tried to disentangle. I watched from under Sandra's pussy as Roger slid his lengthy penis out, trying politely not to hit me in the face. He could kind of make eye contact with me, and seemed to jump when a small glob of his cum fell down on my bottom lip. It was awkward, because I could tell he felt horrible about it, and seemed unsure how I was going to react. At the same time, I was internally horrified, and without free use of my hands just yet, not sure what I was going to do. I felt the cum on my bottom lip, and as Sandra maneuvered a leg over my face I pressed my lips together, then quickly ran my tongue across them. It was salty, but at that point, I had been tasting sweat and skin and pussy and dirt, so it really didn't stand out.

Finally, our bodies free from each other, we all shared a laugh and walked down to the water to wash off. Eye contact was at a minimum as we chatted idly, each trying to collect our thoughts, and reengage in a less sexual, primal nature. To go from sex pigs to people again, and to mentally check in on ourselves to make sure we were each fine with what had gone on.

I was momentarily lost in thought as I stared off into the distance. Sandra moved into my line of sight.

"You were fucking hot there mister," She closed distance and wrapped her arms around my waist, her breasts mashing against my hairy chest. "If I promise to make you dinner tonight, will you come back and eat with us?"

Her tone was mischievous and alluring, and made me feel... comfortable. I looked over at Roger who was washing his cock off. He smiled and cocked his head, "Yeah man, we'd love to have you again. If there's anything you want to try, I think we're pretty game,"

Well then, I thought to myself, trying to conjure up some options. Maybe I can learn to share my wilderness with others.

*****

Hey folks, let me know if you'd like this series to continue with the ratings and comments. I've got a couple ideas on where I want to take things, so if you're curious - let me know and I'll get back to writing more. Thanks!