 I was 19 years old and horny as hell. Living in a small town had some limited options for employment, so I was looking at going to uni or TAFE the next year. But for now the old man and his girlfriend were letting me stay at their place rent-free for the summer so I couldn't complain. Bit lonely though- most of my mates had moved on after school- so I found myself at the pub alone one night.

On the second pint this stunning blonde came up and started talking to me. I thought it was a wind-up- I mean, I looked alright but nothing spectacular, especially since Curly was sitting down the other end with his mates. Curly's this big half-Samoan guy, he graduated a few years before me, and, not to be gay about it, but he's a good-looking fella. Rumour was he had a huge cock too. But whatever the reason, she passed him right by and came and spoke to lonely old me.

Turns out her name was Mary. She was from a different small town, had just finished uni and was trying to find a job. Couldn't get anything in the big smoke so she'd settled here for a while as a receptionist. Could do worse for a job I suppose, especially since I didn't have one at all.

Mary and I got on great guns. I'd never found a woman so easy to talk to. We sunk a lot of alcohol too, that probably helped. After a while the conversation got a bit more sexual, and we had some hand-on-knee action, etc. Finally, Mary leaned in close and said "I'm going to go into the men's room, in the disabled toilet. Wait for a minute then follow me in."

Longest minute of my life.

When I got in I pushed the door to the stall open and there was Mary in black lacy bra and panties, gently playing her finger across her lips while the other hand disappeared into her underwear. She pulled me towards her, yanked my pants down and started blowing me. I was in heaven until she pulled off, spun me round and sat me on the toilet seat. She had some condoms out already and rolled one over my aching knob, then turned around and lowered herself slowly onto my schlong. She had this amazing tattoo pattern on her back, it sticks in my mind more than anything. Well almost anything.

As she was riding up and down on me she started to moan. Loudly. I got a bit nervous someone might hear. Suddenly the door to the stall was pushed open- I'd forgotten to lock it- and there stood Bob, one of Curly's mates. Mary stopped her rhythm for a second, then started up again. Over her shoulder I saw Bob smile and wink, then walk away, leaving the stall door open.

The open door and the audience really seemed to get Mary going. She rode me harder and harder then shuddered, clenching my cock with her pussy. I felt her warm, wet juices spreading over me.

And then suddenly, Bob was back. With Curly.

"Dammit." I thought, "This is getting out of hand."

But then Mary, still panting, began to slowly ride me again, then leaned forward and beckoned to Curly...

...who walked up and whipped out the biggest piece of meat you ever saw.

Keep in mind I'm still inside Mary's tight, wet pussy when she starts to blow him. I couldn't believe this was happening. But she was clearly into it, trying to down as much as she could.

I was pretty transfixed watching her throat Curly, I have to admit, and I was getting close to my breaking point. Then she stopped for a second, took my hand, and guided it towards her mouth.

"Shit." I thought, "I'm not touching Curly's knob if that's her plan."

But then she let his dick fall out of her mouth and sucked hard on my thumb, got it super-wet, then guided it back to her asshole. I eased my thumb in and out of her tight little sphincter while she resumed gobbling Curly's knob.

About two seconds later I heard Bob groan, looked over, and saw him pulling up his shorts and walking away from a cum stain he left on the wall. Charming.

Pretty soon after though I had to admit Bob had the right idea. "I'm gonna cum soon." I told Mary. She climbed off me and knelt down between me and Curly. "Do it on my tits." She said, fingering herself. "Both of you."

At this point I'd do anything this woman told me to, so I started stroking off and staring at her beautiful D-cups, still in their bra. I heard Curly groan next to me. Then he grabbed my arse! I looked over at him, thinking he'd forgotten I was a bloke or something, and he looked at me and winked. Mary loved that, I saw her squirt again all over the floor. Which set me off and I unloaded onto her tits. Curly blasted about the same time.

Curly, ever the gentlemen, shook the last of the cum off, pulled his shorts up, said "Thanks for that you two." And walked out.

As Mary cleaned the spooge off her rack I found her black lacey panties on the floor and went to hand them back to her. "Keep them." She said, and gave me a peck on the cheek. It was so delicate and sweet, it felt out of place after what we'd just done.

I got Mary's number and agreed to meet her for coffee soon. The next week or so though I wanked furiously. All I could think about was that experience and, to be honest, some of it was thinking about Curly grabbing me. And that's how my summer kicked off...