 You walk in on a scene from a porno mag. I'm lying spread on the bed with someone else's long red hair fanning over my body. Her hand works slowly between my thighs while she sucks hard on my nipples. 

She takes her fingers away, leaving me panting for more, and swings around to straddle my face. "Oh god," the breathy words are torn from my throat when her tongue darts into me, and my hips press harder into her face. I turn and toss you a wicked grin before pulling her to me and burying my face in her pussy. 

We grind against each other, making soft noises from deep in our throats, for a few minutes. Suddenly, my head snaps back, my eyes go wide, and I gasp. The pretty red-head has inserted the tip of a double-headed dildo into my streaming cunt. If you move closer, you'll see how it stretches me as she slowly slides it in while licking my clit every once in awhile to keep me surprised. 

She moves slowly off my face and straddles my hips; placing her opening right above the head of the dick sticking out of me. Leaning down, she kisses me, licking her juice off my face until there's none left. Grabbing my wrists, she pins them above my head, putting her tits right in front of my face. I take a nipple into my mouth, sucking for a moment before I bite down, causing her hips to buck and take the entire length of the dildo in one movement. We both cry out, rocking against each other wildly. I skim my hands down her lovely lithe body, coming to rest on her hips, and gently guide her movements. "Come for me," I urge, her body taking on that tense, almost frantic pace that means she's ready. "Come with me, now." Her hips slam down on mine and she gives one last wiggle before we both scream in release. 

Collapsing, she rests her weight on me for only a second before she quickly pulls away, taking the plastic cock with her and making me shudder again. She crawls up my body, playfully smacking my nipples with the soaked toy, and straddles my chest. Both of us look at you as I take it into my mouth and suck it clean. 

Without another word, I remove it from her pussy and we move off the bed. On hands and knees, we crawl over to you, looking up through half-lidded eyes. On either side of you, we quickly strip your jeans and underwear until your straining cock is free. She takes your dick in her warm, wet mouth, running her tongue all over the underside while she inches you down her throat. I start to play with your balls, running gentle fingernails over the sensitive skin and placing an occasional kiss or soft bite on the thin skin of your hips. With my other hand, I caress her breasts, pinching a nipple to make her moan; sending vibrations straight through your body. 

Pulling back, she lets your cock fall out of her mouth and starts to lick you like a lollipop until I move to face her. We kiss, your hard, hot dick in between our mouths...two tongues twining with each other and around you. I lick my lips. "Mmm...that fake dick was nice, but now I want a real man." Wrapping my hand around you, I start to stroke while I gently bite the inside of your thigh. I take my hand away and push the other woman onto her back. This time it is me who gets the upper position. "C'mon Thomas, fuck me good and hard." 

As you move to position yourself, she winks at you and groans "I'd love to suck your cum out of her pussy." She looks like she wanted to say something else, but her words are interrupted by a shriek, and her body bucks as I suck her clit into my mouth.  

I cry out as you slam into me, and my hips jerk. Her tongue plays over both of us as you thrust in and out of my clutching heat. "Oh god, that feels so good!" I moan as you go particularly deep. 

After mere minutes I gasp, "Thomas, you're gonna make me cum. I'm gonna cum all over your cock!" I scream and twitch as I climax. Moving away from you, I lick her pussy lips one last time and go recline against the bed. She crawls over to me and starts lapping up my cum. "Fuck her Thomas...fuck her good."

She groans with lust and satisfaction as you enter her, and starts yelling as soon as you begin to move. Holding her head against my cunt with one hand, I play with my nipples with the other...watching you pound into her. 

I see you reach around her body and start playing with her clit, and she squeals, sending sweet vibrations through me and touching off yet another orgasm. Wrapping her arms around my waist, she sobs with pleasure as you pump her until your body goes rigid and you shoot deep inside her. 

Chuckling, I look down at her then at you. "Well, I guess it'll be me sucking your cum out of her pussy instead of the other way around." I move so that I'm between her legs. "S'okay, I always did love the way your cum tastes." I bring her to one more, sweet, shuddering orgasm before I've gotten all of your cum. 

I get dressed as she recovers, then hand her clothes. We kiss you, one at a time, then walk out the door. Right before we're all the way out, I turn back to you. "I'll be back later."