 Ed Note: This is a quick sequel to One of those Vegas Stories. It would read better to read the other story first, but it is ok stand alone. There is couple swapping, so if that is not your thing save yourself some time.

*****

I woke up with my best friend's wife Jen laying naked on top of me. Beside me on the bed, close enough to touch, was my wife Erica, laying on top of my best friend Mike. It took me a moment to realize how that had happened, but when the memories came back they were all good. 

We were in Vegas, on a long weekend vacation. Over the course of the last four days, we had gone from being in the same room together, with separate beds, to being together on the same bed, to switching partners in the steam room and hot tub pool in the luxury high roller room. Pretty much the total opposite of what I had expected on a long weekend in Vegas.

Jen felt soft, warm and dead asleep in my arms, and Erica and Mike were out as well. Mike had some semi-morning wood going on, and Erica's hand was inches away from being in contact. I briefly had a fantasy of watching her hand slide around his cock and stroke him to a full erection, which led me to start an erection of my own.

I heard my phone buzz and realized I had gotten a text, so I leaned over without waking Jen up and checked it. The airline had sent a notice, our flight had been cancelled and the next available was not until tomorrow.

Being that it was the first bad news I'd had in several days, and the fact that I had a beautiful, sexy woman on top of me, it really didn't bother me at all. In fact, I immediately began thinking about what might happen if we stayed another night. I reached over and popped Mike on the head to wake him up.

"Hey, what the hell are you doing with my wife," I whispered.

He looked at me, then looked at Erica, in a brief moment of half asleep panic, before he sheepishly realized I was kidding. After all, his wife was laying naked on me.

"Let's get coffee," I whispered. 

We slithered out from under the girls, who somehow didn't wake up, and headed down in the elevator. We were halfway down when we caught each other eyes.

"Man, I can't believe that happened," Mike said. "Did that really happen?"

"It did," I said. "This is a crazy thing to say, but I want you to know that I am totally ok that you had sex with my wife last night."

Mike laughed. "Right, and I'm ok with you fucking my wife, though I never thought I'd hear myself say that."

I told him about our flight being cancelled and we grabbed a cup of coffee and went to the front desk. We got lucky and our favorite manager was there, he checked on our room and as fate would have it, they had had a last minute cancellation, and he said we could stay one more night.

After we spent the next 20 minutes nominating him for the man of the year award, we headed back up to tell the girls. 

We had forgotten our key again, so we had to knock, and in a surprisingly short time the door swung open. There was Jen, bloody mary in hand and a big smile on her face. She was wearing an open silk robe, and, well, nothing else.

We were staring at her in utter disbelief when Erica walked by, completely naked. 

"We've decided to institute a full nude policy for the suite," said Jen, pouring herself a cup of coffee from the tray that I was holding. "Feel free to participate."

Mike looked at me and I looked at Mike, and we immediately dropped threw off all our clothes, poured ourselves a drink and told the ladies we would be staying there another night. 

What we didn't know was that while we were getting coffee, Erica and Jen had woken up naked in each other's arms. They got to talking about last night and they both decided that they were ok with everything that had happened...and kinda curious, and excited, about what might be next. They promised each other that whatever they did wouldn't change their friendship. Then they sealed the deal with some warm wet kisses that was just starting to get out of hand when we had come knocking on the door.

So the high roller suite had become a nudist colony for the bonus day. At first Mike and I were walking around with full on wood, but after we got used to the idea of two beautiful naked women walking around the room, we settled down to a consistent semi-aroused state. We spent the first hour enjoying the feeling of being nude amongst friends, without staring, but before long we were all acting pretty normal. We voted unanimously to just stay in and have fun again in the incredible suite all day. We took a sexy, playful shower together for starters, which created a debate over how often the six person shower with eight shower heads had been used by more than two people at a time. We had mostly moved back to our respective spouses, but occasionally Jen would end up bumping into me in the shower and Mike had his share of interaction with Erica. At one point Mike and I stood facing each other in the shower while the girls soaped us down, spending an excessive, but appreciated amount of time carefully cleaning our cocks.

We had breakfast and then lounged outside on the balcony porch for a while. It was great being naked and free, and it was also great to be in such a playful, sexually charged setting. The girls were being overtly touchy and feely with both men, as well as each other.

The morning flew by into the afternoon. We had plenty of food from the stocked kitchen and the drinks flowed freely as well. Jen made the suggestion that we play some more pool. The room had a billiards table, a hot tub the size of a pool, and a steam room.

"What are we competing for," said Erica. "It's not like we can play strip pool, we're already naked."

"How bout if we play a round, each player has three balls to sink," I said "The first to sink all three is the winner, the last is the loser, and the winner gets to make the loser do something."

"Hmm," said Jen. "Sounds interesting. Risky. Dangerous. Count me in!"

Thus began what became known as the Vegas International Nude Billiards competition. As it turns out, the competition was not as risky and dangerous for Jen, who was quite the pool shark. Plus the men were having a little trouble lining up shots with our cock and balls hanging loose and naked women distractions.

So Jen easily won the first battle while I lost. She was trying to figure out what to make me do when her eyes came across one of the blindfold we had been playing with the day before.

"Ok, Dan you will be blindfolded, and then you will be kissed by either me or Erica, and you have to guess who it is," she said.

"Well that doesn't sound to bad," I said, as I tied the sash around my eyes and sat back on the couch."

"Yeah, I want to lose next time," said Mike.

I put on the blindfold and stood by the pool table waiting to be kissed. I knew immediately that the full, soft lips that touched mine were Jen's.

"I believe that would have to be Jen," I said.

"Oh, how did you know?" Erica asked.

"Because Erica never gives tongue on the first kiss," I grinned.

Jen also won the second round, and this time Erica lost. Jen had enjoyed the blindfold idea and came back to it.

"Ok, this time you will be blindfolded and you have to guess who... kisses your chest," she said grinning. "And remember, it could be any of the three of us."

"Hmm," she said, looking somewhat nervously at me. Being kissed "on the chest" was a pretty opened ended challenge. "Sounds...interesting."

She put on the blindfold and sat back on the couch. Jen walked over to her husband Mike smiling and whispered in his ear. "Enjoy," she said.

Mike was a little surprised, he had expected she would have me do it, or maybe even do it herself. He looked over at me, but I was grinning and nodding. I was also rock hard at the very thought of Mike kissing my wife's chest.

As Mike moved slowly into position, Jen moved over close to me, standing just in front of me. Mike leaned down and softly, gently kissed Erica's chest, starting close to the neck and working his way down to just above her breasts, but he stopped short of her nipples. He didn't want to be the one who pushed things too far, too fast. Erica's head moved to the side and she stifled a moan. My mouth was watering as I watched the scene in front of me, and then I felt Jen's hand slip behind her and lightly touch my upper thigh with the tips of her fingers, moving slowly up and down a few times, coming achingly close to my hard cock. 

"So who do you think it is?" Jen asked.

"Um...Dan?" she answered.

"Errnt," said Jen. "It was my Mike!"

Erica took off her blindfold and saw Mike standing over her. "Well done, then," she grinned.

They played another round, and Jen won once again. Mike was the loser, so Jen would be making a demand of her own husband this time.

"Ok, this time you wear the blindfold and either me or Erica will give you a stomach massage, and you have to guess who," she said.

Mike had the blindfold on before she was finished with the command. "I knew there was a reason I lost," he grinned, sitting back on the couch.

Once again, it was a very opened ended opportunity. It wasn't hard to imagine a stomach massage morphing into something else.

Jen nodded to Erica, indicating it was up to her to decide how far to take it. Erica went over and sat beside Mike on the couch. She dragged her fingernails lightly across Mike's stomach and chest, going back and forth and up and down. She let her fingers drift further and further south, until they were coming tantalizing close to his cock. She looked at me, I was practically coming out of my skin watching her hand coming so close to my friend's cock. I wanted her to touch it and stroke it and fondle it, but she was being coy and teasing.

Meanwhile, Jen had moved back in front of me, even closer this time, and while Erica was focused on Mike and Mike was blindfolded, she moved both of her hands behind her and let her fingers drift up and down on either side of my cock, which was straining to be touched. I felt like I might have an orgasm without being touched, but then Mike spoke up.

"This has got to be Erica," he said.

"Why do you say that?" said Jen.

"Because Jen would've stroked my cock by now," he laughed. "This is torture."

"You got me," said Erica. She stood up, but let her hand remain on Mike's lower stomach. "Maybe next time," she said, grinning at her husband.

In the next round, everyone teamed up on Jen to keep her from winning again, and the plan worked, she was the loser and Erica won.

"Ok, we need to come up with something hard," Erica said, holding her pool cue and looking thoughtful. "How about, you wear the blindfold this time, and you touch both the men and you have to guess which is Dan and which is Mike."

Mike and I looked at each other and grinned big. This sounded pretty hot.

Jen put on the blindfold and the we came up to stand on either side of her. She turned to the left, where Mike was standing and she put her hands on his chest, let them drift down over his stomach, then drift around and over his ass, then down his thighs, and slowly back up again. She came close, but never touched his cock. Then she turned to the right, where I was, and did the same. I didn't mind one bit that she was very careful and took her time. Having her hands all over my body was only half the thrill, it was also great being able to ogle her awesome body from close up while she was blindfolded.

Unfortunately for Jen, Mike and I had very similar builds and bodies.

"This is really, really hard," said Jen.

"You have no idea HOW hard you're making it," laughed Erica.

"Oh really," laughed Jen, still blindfolded. "Are you saying the men are hard?"

"Um, yes they are," Erica said.

"I wonder if I could tell the difference by feeling their cocks?" Jen said. "What do you think, Erica?"

Mike and I stopped breathing at the thought. Things were once again ramping up to a new level. Jen was essentially asking Erica if it was ok for her to touch my cock. The men looked over at Erica, who had an odd smile on her face that was hard to read. All it would take would be one person to say no and the party was going to be over. Right now it was up to Erica. 

Erica took a deep breath and licked her lips. "I think you should check those cocks out," she said.

We all let out a collective sigh. Jen got down on her knees between us, still blindfolded, to where her face was level with our cocks. We were standing less than a foot apart on either side of her. She looked to the left and then to the right, and then she moved her hands slowly up until she found the two hard cocks flanking her face. Both of us gasped at the contact, and we moaned when she stroked one, then the other, feeling them both carefully as she made her assessment. 

"Hmm, I'm still not sure," she said.

"Take your time," I blurted out.

"Aha," she declared. "This one is Dan." She grabbed my cock and stroked it a few more times. Then she identified Mike on the left and stroked his cock a few times. Then she took her blindfold off and stroked both of us a few more times, smiling and admiring them visually this time.

"I'm not sure I would have been able to guess," Jen said. "They both felt pretty awesome."

After Jen's cock stroking show, the room had taken on a different feel. It was out in the open now, that everyone was game for a higher level of play. Mike looked at Jen, and I looked at Erica, and everyone was smiling, and wondering what was going to happen next. 

What happened next was that Jen won, again, and Erica lost. The room went silent as they awaited Jen's instruction. "Ok, Erica will wear the blindfold and lie on her back on the couch. One of you will pleasure her above the waist, and one of you will pleasure her below the waist, and she will have to guess which is which."

Erica quickly blushed at the idea. The idea of both men at once was both tawdry and exciting. But she dutifully took her position on the couch and put on the blindfold. Mike and I quickly played a game of rock paper scissors, which Mike won, and he opted for the lower half. He got down between her legs as I began kissing her neck and working my way down to her breasts. My eyes never left Mike, as I watched him slowly kissing my wife's thighs, then her stomach, moving ever closer to her groin. When Mike finally zeroed in on the promised land, I could feel her skin heat up under my lips. My own head was spinning, as I watched my friend's tongue plunging into my wife's pussy. I wrapped my mouth around her nipple and sucked hard as I watched her arching her back from the pleasure of Mike's tongue thrashing.

"I don't know who's who, but I don't want this to stop," whispered Erica. 

Jen was watching the scene from a distance, but she couldn't stay away. She slid down between my legs and before I knew what was happening, she had slid my cock into her warm mouth. Now I was enjoying the sensation of sucking on my wife's tits, while watching her being pleasure by my friend, while having my cock sucked by my friend's wife. I reached up and took off Erica's blindfold, and she smiled when she saw her friend sucking her husband's cock. Mike was enjoying that vision as well. All four of us were well beyond the point of no return. We had gone from soft swap to full swap to all out, no holds barred, group sex.

As if we were all sharing the same mind, the men picked the women up into their arms and carried them over to the bed...I picked up Jen, and Mike picked up Erica. We lay them down on the bed together and the party of four launched into full group sex. We started in 69, enjoying the feel and taste of someone new, and then that gradually morphed into a square pile of everyone going down on each other simultaneously. Then I was fucking Jen doggy style while Jen and Erica sucked on Mike's cock together, then we traded positions, and I was treated to the amazing vision of Erica being fucked by my friend while she and Jen took turns sucking my cock.

Everyone was amazingly relaxed and at ease, it seemed like it all just fell into place as we moved around on the bed. There were times when the foursome would turn into a threesome while one person just sat back and enjoyed the show. I almost enjoyed watching as much as participating, it was amazing.

At one point, Mike was fucking Erica doggy style and I was fucking Jen on her back, and the two women got lined up and started kissing again, which they knew the guys would love. Then they worked their way further together, until they were kissing each other's breasts, then they slid further together, and then they were going down on each other at the same time that Mike and I were plunging our cocks in and out. Periodically the girls would engulf the cock in front of them, sucking on it for a while before guiding it back into their friend's pussy.

As much as the men wanted to cum, they fought the urge and kept it going as long as they could, it was just too much fun to stop. None of the four had ever had sex with more than one person at a time, so figuring out positions was like on the job training. As in, on the job training for the best job ever.

Maybe the best thing was that after having intense sex everyday for the past four days, the men were in complete control of themselves. I for one did not want to orgasm, having sex like this was just way too much fun. After a while we moved over to the tub again. We got into a comfortable rhythm of having sex, taking a break, and then having more sex. I fucked Erica for a while in the tub, while Mike and Jen watched. Occasionally they would come over, and both of them would suck on her breasts while I was fucking her. Then we would take a break a swim around for a while, enjoy a snack, and then suddenly I looked up and Jen and Erica were both sucking Mike's cock. Then we hit a stage where the girls were getting really flirty with each other, and the guys were egging them on, and next thing we knew Jen had Erica down at the side of the pool and was going down on her, ravishing her pussy as Mike and I watched with our hands on our cocks. When they change places, I got the chance to see Erica going down on Jen, something I thought I'd never see.

Imagine every position, every combination, every kind of possible sex and fucking you can think of, and then double it, that's pretty much what happened over the course of that last day. We fucked each other all day and into the night, I don't know how many times I came, but each time I did I was ready for more in no time. When our bodies finally wore out we were all lay together on the spacious bed, arms and legs all tangled up in a warm pile of flesh. 

"I think its important that this story all stay in Vegas," Erica said.

"Maybe so," said Jen, lazily moving over and kissing Erica softly on the lips. "But I vote that we get together this weekend and do it all again."

I needn't tell you what the vote was.