 This happened several years ago when I was dating a woman named C. First, a little background. We had a strange relationship. Work, scholastic circumstances, and our own changing temperaments conspired to make things more volatile than they should have been. We were on again, off again for a couple of years, though deep down I think there really was a lot of love. One thing we did do well was have sex. To be blunt, we fucked all the time. Indoors, outdoors, cars, trains, bathrooms, the lakefront, tennis courts, laundries, bars, where ever we could find a moment’s privacy. We used to joke around that we each possessed an alien element that forced us to constantly go to bed together. 

It also helped that neither of us had any inhibitions to speak of. I fucked her in the cunt, mouth, ass; she swallowed my come, put her vibrator in my ass, told me dirty stories, dressed up like a tramp, and pretty much made her herself available all the time. We tied each other up, poured olive oil on our bodies, masturbated together, teased each other, spanked each other, and did hundreds of other kinky things that I probably can’t even remember now. About the only thing we never did was urinate on each other, which I find totally gross. 

Ok, now to the story.

C. had a good friend, a guy, named K. They had known each other for several years and she was quite fond of him. They may have hooked up at one point, but I was never very sure about that. I liked him just fine. He was tall, fairly good-looking, and smart.

One evening we invited K. to hang out with us. He came over around 7pm on a Saturday night. We had a couple of drinks, caught up with each other, then went out to a bar in Wrigleyville. There, we had a couple more drinks, laughed, played pool, had, in general, a very good time. At some point, and this is where everything started, we began to talk about sex. C. and I joked about our experiences, K. talked about his. Fairly innocent stuff, but in retrospect, a very leading conversation. 

So, we left the bar and decided to head back to our place for a nightcap. Once we got into the apartment, C. poured another glass of wine for all of us and we continued the conversation. Right in the middle of talking, C. jumped up, ran over to me and gave me a huge kiss. It was an out of the clear blue sky kind of moment and we all laughed about it. She then got up and announced that she thought K. needed a kiss, too. 

At this point, I thought “Hmmmm, I don’t know if I like this very much.” Despite my feelings, she went over, sat on K.’s lap and gave him a long, slow, very deep French kiss. I had a definite pang of jealousy, but I was strangely touched by the moment. It seemed almost like the right thing to do.

She continued to kiss him and I decided that I had to use the bathroom. When I returned, things had progressed from innocent, naughty fun to another level entirely. She was still kissing him, but in her hand was his now erect cock. I was mesmerized. I mean, I had never been in the presence of any other cock but my own. My stomach was doing flip-flops and I just stood and stared. In a porn story, this is the point where the writer would say that it was massive, huge, gargantuan, etc., but it wasn’t. It was, in fact, similar to mine. Average length, large veins running down it, and decently thick. Very thick in fact. The head was a darker purple than mine and it was, I don’t know, kind of craggy looking.

C. turned to look at me and gave me a “Is this OK look.” What could I do? I forced a smile and she started to run her hand up and down his cock again. K. was making these tiny, little moaning noises and I could tell that he was into it. Perhaps a little bit uncomfortable, but definitely into it. I then did the only thing I could think to do: I sat down, lit a cigarette and watched. 

After massaging him for a few moments, C. moved down his chest and slipped the head of his cock into her mouth. He sat back with his eyes closed and let out a long, low sigh. The sound of him making that noise had an electric effect on me. My own cock practically came out of my pants. I was instantly and unbelievably hard. Here I was watching my girlfriend give another man a blowjob and I was more turned on that I had ever been.

K. finally opened his eyes and looked at me. It was a wild, almost scared, but kind of in control look. C. had long blondish brown hair and K. took a mass of it and began running his fingers through it. It was the kind of intimate gesture that, if anything, served to only increase the eroticism. Then he got serious. He took her by the back of the head and started to really fuck her in the mouth. 

This went on for several minutes and I thought he might come in her mouth, but she decided to stop. She stood up came over to me and sat on my lap, still fully clothed by the way, and French kissed me. She whispered in my ear, “Are you sure this is OK.” Again, what could I do? I nodded yes and she kissed me again. That was new. Kissing my girlfriend right after she had another man’s cock in her mouth.

C. got up again, walked to the middle of the room, and began to take her clothes off. She had a beautiful body. Medium large breasts, round hips, flattish stomach, and a beautiful, shaved cunt. When she had removed her panties, she stood there naked, with her back to me and looked at K. I could see from behind her him gazing at her. Quite frankly, I don’t think he could believe it.

She walked over to him and he reached down and put his hand on her cunt. He was sitting and she was standing, so he sucked on her nipples while he fingered her. After a few minutes of this, she knelt down and tugged his pants down. She then turned around, looked at me, positioned herself over his cock and started to sit down. 

It was an unbelievable moment. My breathing was ragged by this point and I was rubbing my cock. How to describe it? It was almost like time stood still as his cock began to disappear inside of her. Her face went taut and her eyes reflexively opened wider. She was feeling it now. I remember that thick cock and that beautiful shaved cunt like it was yesterday. She was all the way down now and she started to rock back and forth. His hands came from behind her and he started to pinch and twist her nipples. She was moaning loudly and looking me dead in the eye. It was almost like she was saying thank you with her eyes as she fucked him.

I couldn’t take it anymore and unzipped my pants so that my cock could be free. It was a relief. It was so engorged I was almost a little afraid. The head so dark red that it looked like it would burst. I stroked it with my hand and locked my eyes onto C.’s rocking body. Christ, it was incredible. So turned on I could hardly believe it.

They continued to fuck and C. was beside herself with pleasure. At some point she stopped and leaned back so that her back was pressing against his chest. She spread her legs and motioned for me to come over. I somehow stood up and staggered over . She gestured for me to kneel down and then with her left hand exposed her clit. I got the picture. I decided at that moment to toss caution to the wind and I started to lick her clitoris like a crazy man.

She was still moving up and down and I could see K.’s cock when she would rise up to the top. This pretty much sent C. over the edge. She started to moan like like a banshee and began to say things that she would never remember. K. was losing it, too. It was, at this point, that I said what the hell and cupped K.’s balls with my hand. I had never done anything remotely close to this. I licked C.’s clit and then dropped down and licked K’s balls. He let out a long groan and I could feel him tighten. C. said, “He’s going to come. I can feel it. God, he’s going to come. He’s so deep inside.” She was almost sobbing. 

At last, he came. He let out a little shout, buried himself upwards into C.’s incredible cunt, and let fly. She clenched him and said, “That’s it, keep going, put all of it inside of me. God, I want all of your come.” From my perspective I could see the base pulsing. A surreal, crazy, erotic moment. There was something so primitive about it, so elemental. This stiff prick inside of this wet pussy. 

So, they slumped back and I was still hard as the proverbial rock. I don’t know what came over me, but I decided that I wasn’t going to let them off the hook so easy. K.’s cock slipped out of C.’s pussy and I could see the come dripping down her thighs. His cock was gooey and totally pitiful looking. Limp and defeated. Then, God help me, I did something I never thought I would ever do. I dipped my head and put his limp cock into my mouth. C. kind of gasped and I could feel K.’s entire body kind of convulse. He didn’t make me stop though. I licked every inch of it. I wanted to taste his come and her juice at the same time.

I didn’t stop there either. As he was starting to get hard again, I spread C.’s legs and ate her out. It was sopping wet. I don’t know how to describe it. It was like I wanted to consume everything about this experience. It was amazing. Licking her cunt, then putting his cock in my mouth. He was hard again and making those little groaning noises again. Simply incredible. 

Finally, I stopped, took C. by the hand and led her over to our kitchen table. I gave her a pillow, spread her legs, and started to fuck her like it was the last sex I would ever have. Before I even started, I had looked K. in the eye and said,”I’m going to fuck my girlfriend now. “ I don’t know if I sounded especially fierce or what, but he just nodded his head and watched us go at it.

When I came, it was like the world was ending. C. and I locked eyes and she said over and over, “I love you, I love you, I love you.” It was the single most intense feeling I have ever had. I emptied my come into her for what seemed like minutes. She locked her legs around my waist and absorbed every bit of it. When we were done, I picked her up, led her to the bedroom and we just stared at each other. 

K. came in a few minutes later, hard again, and we invited him into bed with us. He slipped his cock into her from behind and I kissed her and talked to her as he fucked her. It was very intimate, very soft, and very erotic. 

I didn’t realize until I started writing just how powerful my memories are. To wrap this up quickly, we basically stayed up the rest of the night. K. gave me a blow job, we took turns fucking C. in the ass, I let K put his cock in my ass just as he was about to have his 3rd orgasm (an incredible experience and one I’ve not had since).

And that was it. After this night, we didn’t see K. for a while which was understandable. C. and I went on like normal. We had more great sex, enjoyed each other’s company, and then eventually broke up because of things unrelated to our sex life. She’s married now and has two kids. I’m very pleased for her.