 Skip pulled into the dusty little town in his 18-wheeler. Looking around in disgust at the one cow town. Dusty broken asphalt and dirty little houses, like so many he had seen before.

"Ugh!" He thought, "I wish I wasn't so tired I'd bypass this little hole!"

Finally finding a motel in what he figured was the "center" of town, he pulled into the parking lot. Going in, he got his key from a bespeckled, withered old man, who was long on wind and short on sense.

Skip was usually real easy-going; he loved his job as a transporter for a statewide trucking company. But he was lonely from being on the road to long, tired and really needed a woman.

"This has got to be the woman capital of the world!" he chuckled to himself.

He went and turned the shower on so he could knock some of the dirt off and put him in a better frame of mind. Although totally unaware, Skip was a great looking man! Black curly hair, steel blue eyes, that twinkled when he was teasing someone. Almost 6'1, he was lean and rugged, with chiseled facial features and a smile that lit up his whole face.

Walking down to the café/bar, the geezer has told him about, he had a chance to check out the little town. With all of the old buildings and pristine lawns and of course a tire swing in every yard. He knew there had to be a lot of really cool history and always someone who knew it all!

"This is actually a very quaint little town!" He thought, ashamed at his snap judgment.

He was in a better frame of mind as he strolled into the café/bar and unless he missed his guess, also the Post Office. It was sort of a dark little place but it seemed clean. He was the only patron as it was the middle of the afternoon and he figured all the ranchers were in the fields. He slid into the first booth he came to, hoping someone seen him come in. Looking at the menu on the table, he was intent in finding something that appealed to him but would not send him to the local emergency room, as he didn't figure there was one!

"What can I get you?" Purred a soft, husky voice.

Totally startled, he had not heard her come up, he quickly looked up. Staring back at him were the deepest, softest brown eyes he had ever sunk into. She seemed to be able to see into his soul and he hoped a little further down!

"Buddy, You okay?" the waitress asked him, a little anxious.

Popping him back into reality, Skip's face turned red, unaware of how long he had been staring at her. Feeling a little silly at his reaction, he'd seen beautiful women before but he hadn't expected one here.

"Yes, I'm fine', he chuckled. 

Seeing her nametag on her tight uniform top and trying not to dwell on how much fun it must have been to pin it there.

"Betty, what do you recommend?"

"Everything's good here," she purred with a slight smile on her face.

While Skip was trying to decide, she nonchalantly checked him out. She was very impressed with what she seen also and couldn't wait to get back to the kitchen to tell Bonnie, her cook. Bonnie and her had been lovers off and on for years but they also thoroughly loved men. They like to say it was "having their cake and eating it too." She excitedly told Bonnie about the good-looking trucker that had wandered into their lair. Peering out the kitchen window, Bonnie could see he was indeed fine and her friend had every right to be excited by him. Looking at each other, they began smiling and nodding their heads in unison.

Skip was checking out the place and decided it wasn't as bad as he first thought, so he let his mind wander back to "Betty". She was drop dead gorgeous. Long brown hair, twisted into a bun, with a few stubborn tendrils falling into her beautiful cherub face, pert little nose and full luscious lips, he noticed as she smiled at him. Slender without being skinny, full breasted, pressing against her tight uniform top and an ass that looked like two bears wrestling in a gunny sack as she walked. Actually, more of a glide than a walk. She was heading back towards him with the coffeepot and that sexy smile of hers. She leaned over to pour his coffee and he could see she hadn't buttoned her top button and he could see her cleavage, things were starting to stir in his groin. Both of them making small talk, neither would remember later.

Noticing the kitchen door swing open, Skip's eyes about popped out of his head. The cook walked out in nothing but an apron and a pair of heels. "That was one lucky apron," He thought. She was very beautiful and carried herself with a lot of class. Blonde hair, which was cut in a short stylish manner that framed her face. Her breasts were smaller than Betty's but still very nice, with great long nipples that turned up. Turning around, Skip could see her ass was to die for. She bent over to brush off an imaginary speck off her shoe. He could see the curtains matched the drapes; she was indeed a true blonde! Rising up slowly, she turned to make sure she had both of their attention. Walking slowly past them she stopped and locked the door, then dropped her apron and started walking back to them, smiling. Betty giggled as all cool went out the window for Skip; he was flipping his head back and forth trying to see them both at once.

Skip's cock was rock hard and straining to get free as he looked at both women appreciatively. Betty, still giggling was the first to speak. 

"We decided we want to play with you!" she said rubbing Skip's leg.

"My names Bonnie and we hope you don't mind?" she asked with an innocent wide-eyed stare.

"Mmy God No, I don't mind a bit!" stuttered Skip

Bonnie leaned over and pressed her lips onto Skip's as he wrapped his arms around her. Sucking in his breath, there was a feeling of lingering, sensuality as their lips met. Quit possibly the most intimate kiss Skip had ever had. Bonnie moaned softly into Skip's open mouth as he opened his eyes to see Betty opening Bonnie's ass cheeks and stabbing her tongue into Bonnie's sweet ass. Pulling back a little so he could watch Betty pleasure Bonnie, Skip sucked one of those long rock hard nips into his mouth as Bonnie tipped her head back, eyes closed and enjoyed the pleasure they were both giving her. Betty had slid up in between Bonnie's legs and flicked her hard clit with her tongue as she ran her fingers up and down her thighs, teasing her before sliding two fingers into her soaking wet pussy.

Skid thought Bonnie's legs would buckle as he continued sucking and biting on her breasts. First one, then the other, slowing to lick into her cleavage and watching Betty, he knew this was not their first time together. Betty's head was bent slowly and licking on Bonnie's love nub and sliding her fingers in and out of her hard. Bonnie was trembling and whimpering at the pleasure both were inflicting on her. Grabbing Skip's curly head tightly she screamed,

"Bite Baby, Bite em hard NOW!"

With a yelp, her cum started hitting her hard, wave after wave. Betty felt her lover cumming and grab her ass tightly, as Bonnie's hip wildly bucked, fucking Betty's wonderful mouth. Licking and sucking her cunny fast, Betty did not want to miss one glorious drop. While Bonnie fought to get her breathe back, Betty and Skip quickly undressed. Skip stood looking at both women appreciatively,

"My God, you two are gorgeous!" He said huskily while ravishing them both with his eyes.

Skip and Betty gravitated towards each other as though magnetized. Bending his head down, he claimed Betty's mouth for his own, groaning, as he tasted Bonnie's juices on her lips. They were breathless after giving Bonnie so much pleasure and more than ready to succumb to their own.

Sinking down onto the floor with Betty in his arms, their excitement almost frantic. Hands roaming over each other's body, never staying in one place long as they wanted to touch everything, the other had to offer. Skip laid Betty on her back, sucking and biting on first one nipple then the other, as his hand caressed the one his mouth was not on. Their tremendous excitement was almost to a feverish pitch as the thought of Betty eating Bonnie wet cunt kept running through Skip's head. He kept trying to slow himself down as his hand trailed down Betty's tummy into her moist honey pot. Rubbing his finger back and forth across her firm nubbin, and up and down the silky path to her wetness. He slammed two fingers into her trembling, sopping wet pussy as she squealed with desire. 

Tossing her head back and forth, murmuring unintelligible words as Skip finger fucked her hard. Feeling her grip his fingers with her tight cunt, he knew he had to taste her sweet juices. Licking and nibbling his way down, he dove into the sweetest cunny he had ever tasted. Still pumping his fingers in and out of her he gently kissed and nibbled on her firm clit as she screamed with pleasure. Feeling something warm on his throbbing cock, he looked down as Bonnie slid up under him and took as much of his massive dick as she could into her mouth. He rose up a little to give Bonnie all the room she needed to suck him. She licked around the head and licked all the pre cum off as she fondled his tightening balls.

Knowing he could not last much longer, he almost lost it as Betty humped his face and fingers hard as she filled his mouth with all of her sweet nectar. He drank it like a man dying of thirst, he could not get enough! Skip felt himself starting to tremble as Bonnie ran her teeth lightly up and down his shaft. He was still kissing and licking Betty's sweetness, as Bonnie deep throated his rock hard cock and stuck a wet finger into his asshole. Skip was out of control as he exploded with a growl into Bonnie's hot mouth with a force that surprised even him. He shot load after load of milky hot cum into her mouth as he hollered with intense pleasure. Wildly fucking her mouth with total abandonment, never wanting this feeling to end.

As his excitement started to fade a little, he took his face out of Betty's sated pussy and reluctantly pulled his cock out of Bonnie's mouth. Skip rolled over on his back, sweating, smiling and visibly shaken, vowing to never again judge a town by his first impressions!