 After we made love, I laid in bed feeling warm and satisfied and pleasantly sleepy, my bare back against his lean, naked body. My head was cradled against his chest, our legs cozily tangled and his arm resting on my side while his hand gently caressed my hip. He reached down and pulled the covers up to our shoulders and adjusted so our bodies were even closer together. 

"Love you," he said. He pressed his lips against the back of my shoulder. I smiled and rubbed back against him. I turned my head and rolled over a little so I could kiss him. His lips were soft and warm and his moustache tickled my upper lip. We lingered over the kiss and his hand slid up and across my stomach and his fingers brushed across my nipples. My hips rocked back against him instinctively and a soft sigh escaped from my lips. He laughed gently. 

"What we need," he said with a grin, "is another guy here to help me take care of you. Sometimes you're too much for me to handle." I laughed and turned back over to kiss him. I took the kiss deep, playing our tongues together and dragging out the pleasure. 

"You're all I can handle," I told him. "You're all that I need. You're perfect." I grinned wickedly. "Except that you're bossy and you're always telling me what to do." I laughed and tried to wriggle away when he lunged at me. He held me down and bit gently at my lower lip, then took my nipple into his mouth and sucked it until I moaned and started to feel those liquid pulls between my legs. "Stop," I pleaded, not really meaning it. My hips started to rock against his side. "Don't start anything you're not going to finish," I warned. 

He kissed the tip of my breast then swung his legs over the side of the bed. "As much as I would like to stay here and torture you a little longer, I do need to get going. We have a softball game tonight and I need to stop by home and get my stuff." He reached down for his jeans. 

I pouted and pulled the covers up over myself. "Fine," I said, and rolled over so I was facing the wall. He finished putting on his shoes and then came around the side of the bed and kissed me, long and soft. 

"You're coming to the game, right?" "Only if you give me another kiss," I said. His lips lowered and he kissed me thoroughly. 

****

After his game, we drove back to my place, picking up a pizza on the way. We sat in front of the TV and ate. He sat in the middle of the couch while I sat in the corner, leaning against the sofa arm, my legs across his lap. 

"I saw you talking to Bob at the game," Randy said. 

"Yeah," I said. "He came over and introduced himself again. I didn't remember him."

"Sure," said Randy, teasingly. "I saw the way you were looking at him. You want to sleep with him, don't you?" He smiled at me. 

"Ha, ha," I said. 

"Maybe I should ask him to come over and help me take care of you," he said. 

"Stop teasing," I said, blushing a little. 

"Are you blushing?" he asked, grinning at me. "You would like that, wouldn't you? Come on, tell me the truth." "I would never do that," I said. He raised an eyebrow and grinned mischievously. "OK," I admitted. "Maybe I've fantasized about it before, but I'd never really want to do it." "Are you sure? I could arrange it if you wanted. I can call him right now," he said as he reached for the phone. 

I slapped at his hand and laughed. "Stop being silly." "I'm serious," he said. "I would do it if you wanted me to. I think I might like to see you being pleasured like that."

I looked at him carefully, trying to figure out how much he was kidding. He looked kind of serious, and a little turned on at the thought. "No," I said firmly. "It's one thing to fantasize, it's a whole other thing to do it for real. I just want to be with you."

"You wouldn't want to be with two guys at once?" he prodded. "One of them deep inside your pussy and the other in your mouth?"

I felt my pussy get wet and my nipples get hard. I blushed deeply and squirmed a little on the couch. "No, I wouldn't want to." I avoided looking in his eyes. 

"You're getting hot, aren't you?" He reached over to caress my breast through my shirt and felt how hard my nipple was getting. I moaned softly at his touch and felt myself get even wetter. His eyes locked to mine and he ran his other hand up my thigh and under my skirt. I felt a shiver move down my spine and started to feel the rush of warmth between my legs. He hand crept up and slid into my panties. His finger parted the outer flesh and he stroked his finger down me, feeling how wet and hot I was for him. "You like talking about this, don't you?" He grabbed hold of my hips and placed me, straddled, across his lap. 

I weakly tried to push away, but he grabbed both of my wrists in one of his hands and pulled me closer, kissing me deep and hard, searching my mouth with his tongue. His other hand roughly stroked and squeezed my breast. I fought to free my wrists and after a brief struggle he finally let go. As I was about to wrap my arms around him, he pulled the hem of my shirt up and over my head and tossed it on the floor, revealing the black, lacy bra I was wearing. He reached around me and unfastened it, letting my large breasts spill out in front of him. He grabbed my wrists again, one in each hand, and clamped his lips around one nipple, first flicking it with his tongue, then sucking it into his mouth. I moaned and ground my hips against him. I could feel him getting hard through the satin of my panties and the denim of his jeans. His mouth did delicious things to my breast and nipple and I squirmed in his lap, unable to use my hands, as he still had them caught in his. I groaned and pushed my chest forward and arched my back, pushing my breasts further towards him. His teeth bit gently at my nipple before he raised his head to kiss me again. 

"You want to talk about it more?" he asked gruffly. "You want to talk about fucking two guys in one night? I bet you'd want to use that pretty mouth to suck both of us off, one at a time. And then you'd want me to hold you down and tell him exactly how to fuck you."

My mind was whirling with fantasies and sex and heat. "Oh, god," I sighed, and pressed my hips against his. "Please, Randy. Take me. Take me now." He reached under my skirt again, grabbed my panties, and ripped them off. Adrenaline and desire and needs took over and I reached down and practically tore the buttons off his jeans trying to get them open. I reached in and pulled out his hard, hot cock. His mouth was feverishly kissing my breasts and neck and his hands were fisted in my hair. I felt like I was on the edge of something dangerous as I lifted my hips, wanting to take him deep inside me. 

He grabbed my arms and shoved me down onto the couch. He rose above me, and pushed my thighs apart. "Open up for me," he ordered. "I am going to fuck you so hard." He rubbed his fingers over my clit and before he even finished a stroke I came, squirting all over his fingers. 

I lay there, trembling and rocking my hips. "Please," I begged. "Please fuck me. I need you inside me. I need you so badly. Fuck me, Randy!" He brushed his hard cock against my pussy as I writhed beneath him. Then he thrust deep into me, in one long stroke. He held himself there for a moment, feeling my pussy clenching around him, and then he pulled out again. "More, Randy," I begged. "God, I need more." He rammed into me again and began to stroke deep inside me. He thrust hard, shoving his cock inside me, the way I loved. He pushed my thighs apart further and thrust harder, gradually building up speed till he was plunging hard and fast, slapping up against me. I could hear the wet, juicy sound of my pussy as he fucked me. I groaned and begged him not to stop. I felt another orgasm rocking my body. I came again, releasing my juices over his hard cock. He grunted as he felt me pouring over him.

Hard and fast he shoved his cock in and out of my hot, throbbing pussy. "God, Randy. Oh, fuck me hard. You feel so incredible inside me--you're so fucking hard." He continued to ram into me and rotated his hips as he did, causing his cock to touch every inch of my sensitive pussy. I came again and again, I could feel the warm juices running over my thighs. "Come for me, Randy," I begged. "Come inside me, deep inside me. I want to feel all the hot, sticky seed inside my pussy. 

He groaned a little and pumped into me hard and fast. I could feel that he was getting close to coming. "Fuck me, Randy!" I screamed. "Fuck me hard and come inside me. Shove that cock into my pussy. I need it. I need it so bad." I moaned and felt his body jerk as he released his load deep inside my pussy. He stroked a few more times and then pulled out of me. He reached his fingers down and rubbed my pussy, spreading his cum and mine around on my clit. I squirmed under his touch. 

He sat back on the couch and pulled me toward him. I leaned back against his chest we both sat quietly, waiting for our breathing to return to normal. He circled his arms around me, letting his hands rest on my stomach. I sighed contently and rubbed back against him. 

"You were very hot," he commented. He kissed my shoulder. "I think that talking about having two guys really turns you on." "Fantasies do that. It's exciting to talk about, but I wouldn't ever really want to do it," I said quietly, but I could feel myself getting a little hot again already just thinking about it.

"I think you would like it," he said. 

"Stop it," I said, laughing. "I don't want to do it, OK? I love you and you're the only one I want to be with." I stood up and kissed him, then headed to the bathroom to clean up. 

*****

It was a week later and I was just getting home from work. I had to work late that day so I had missed Randy's softball game, but he was planning to come over after it was over. The phone rang just as I was walking in the door.

"Hello?" I said, as I picked up the phone.

"It's me," said Randy. 

I smiled. "Hi, how was the game? Did you win?" "Yep. Seven to three. We beat them."

"Cool. Are you coming over now? Should I take something out for dinner?"

"No, I'll bring something with me. Hey, do you mind if I bring a friend over to hang out for a while?"

"That's fine," I said. "I don't have much to eat or drink here. I need to go to the store."

"I'll go by the store and get some stuff, OK?"

"OK. I'll see you soon. I love you."

"I love you too."

I hung up the phone and went into the bedroom to change out of my work clothes. I put on my favorite black lace bra and matching thong and then some black shorts and a blue tank top. I sprayed on a little of the perfume that Randy liked and I freshened my lipstick. Then I went back into the kitchen to straighten things up in case Randy decided to cook something. 

When the kitchen was in order I tidied the living room and then sat down to watch TV till Randy got there. I flipped channels and listened for the sound of the key turning in the lock. About twenty minutes later I heard him at the door. I smiled and felt my spirits lift, knowing he was there to be with me. I heard the door open and Randy's laugh filled the apartment.

"Hi," I called out. "I'm in here." I heard him setting grocery bags in the kitchen and then heard footsteps approaching the couch. I turned around for a kiss and found myself looking at Bob. I stood up. "Oh. Hi there." I smiled politely and motioned to the recliner in front of the TV. "Please, make yourself comfortable." "Sorry to drop in on you like this," said Bob as he took a seat. "Randy said he called to ask if it was OK." "He did. It's not a problem." I took a step towards the kitchen. "Can I get you something? A beer?" "Thanks, that would be great."

I walked into the kitchen and saw Randy putting groceries away in the fridge.

"Hi," I said. "What'd you get?" He stopped for a second and leaned over to give me a kiss. "You smell good," he said. 

"Thank you. I wore it just for you." I kissed him back. "Do you want a beer? I'm taking one for Bob." I reached into the open fridge and grabbed a couple of cans of beer. 

"Yeah, I'll take one." Randy took one from me and popped it open. He took a sip. "What are you having?" he asked.

"Um... Nothing right now, I guess."

He reached into a bag and pulled out a cold six-pack of hard cider, my favorite. "How about one of these?"

"OK," I said, grinning. He pulled one out and then put the rest in the fridge. He opened the bottle and handed it to me with another kiss--a longer, deeper kiss.

I hummed with satisfaction. "I love you," I said. I kissed him again and slid my arms around his waist. 

Bob walked into the kitchen. "Sorry to interrupt," he said, grinning. "Need any help with the drinks or anything?"

"Sorry, I got sidetracked," I explained as I smiled guiltily and handed over his beer. 

Bob and Randy exchanged a look of amusement. 

"What?" I asked with a smile. "Are you guys making fun of me or something?" Randy laughed and kissed my forehead. "Nope," he said. "Just a guy thing." I rolled my eyes. "Whatever."

"Are you hungry?" Randy asked. He looked from me to Bob.

"Whatever is cool with me," said Bob. "I'll just take my beer and hang out in the living room till you guys are done in here." He took his drink and winked at Randy on his way out of the kitchen.

"What are you guys up to?" I asked him with an amused, but suspicious, look.

"Maybe some fun," he said, grinning. "I got some cheese and crackers. Sound good?" He turned to the counter and searched through a grocery bag.

"What kind of fun?" I asked. I could tell something was going on. 

"Don't worry about it," he said. "Rinse these grapes off, OK?" He handed me a bag of red grapes. I stepped over to the sink to rinse them as he pulled out the cutting board for the cheese. 

"Randy, are you up to something?" I asked. That wink between him and Bob had made me nervous for some reason.

"I got two kinds of cheese," he said. He pulled them out and opened them and then reached for the drawer to get a knife. 

I stepped in front of the drawer, blocking his way. "Randy," I said. "Answer me now. What is going on?" He kissed me and stroked his hands down my arms. 

"Well," he said, then paused as if considering his next words carefully. "I thought maybe we could try out that fantasy of yours tonight. It would be my gift to you." I stood there a moment in shock, not sure what to say.

"You what?!?" I almost screamed it. I pushed away from him and started pacing the kitchen. I lowered my voice. "How could you do this? I told you I wasn't serious. Did you already tell Bob about it? Please tell me you didn't say anything to him."

"Well, yeah, kind of," he said calmly. "But I told him it was a surprise. Look, don't worry about it, OK? We'll just see how it goes. If you don't want to do anything, we don't have to."

"Randy! I can't believe you did this! Go in there now and tell him that nothing's going to happen, OK? Please." My heart was beating fast and I felt like the room was getting hot. 

He backed me against the counter and then put his arms around me. I tried to wriggle away, but he was stronger than me. "You're my girl," he said. "I promise that I won't let anything bad happen and that if you say you want to stop, then we will." He kissed my forehead. "For now, let's just have some drinks and cheese and crackers and watch some TV, OK?"

I was not convinced. But Randy was being so calm about it that I tried to force myself to relax some. We would just hang out and then Bob would go home. "Fine," I said with a deep sigh. "But you have to promise that if I want him to leave then you'll make him go home." "I promise," he said, and gave me another kiss. "Now why don't you get out a bowl for those grapes?" I smiled and reached around him to get the grapes out of the sink.

*****

The three of us watched TV for awhile. Randy and I cuddled on the couch and Bob sat in the recliner. We drank and snacked on cheese and crackers and grapes. After an hour, I went and picked up some Chinese food and brought it back and we ate that while we watched the end of a movie on TV. 

"I'm going to get some water," I said as I rose from the couch to head to the kitchen. "Do you guys want anything?" "Bring us a couple of beers," Randy said, and Bob nodded his agreement.

I went to the kitchen then headed back with two beers and a bottle of water. When I got back to the living room, Bob had moved from the recliner. He and Randy were sitting at opposite ends of the couch. I glanced at Randy and he seemed to be gauging my reaction to the little change in seating. I felt kind of nervous, but I didn't want to make a big deal out of nothing, so I sat between them, set down the drinks, and snuggled as close to Randy as I could. 

He kissed the top of my head, stroked a hand down my hair and pulled me against him. I relaxed a little and smiled up at him. He kissed me gently on the lips and ran his hand down my side. Then he kissed me again, a deeper and hotter kiss. I could feel myself start to get a little aroused. We kissed for a long moment before I remembered we had an audience. I pulled away a little and glanced over at Bob to see if he was paying attention. He was watching us, smiling a little. 

Randy kept his arm around me, but scooted over a little, pushing us both closer to Bob. I looked into Randy's eyes, wondering what I should do. Was he actually OK with this whole situation? I had several drinks by this point and was feeling a little more willing to experiment, but just a tiny bit. I cuddled against him and he tilted his head down to kiss me again. He kissed me deep and hard until I felt all reason leaving my mind. I felt a hand on my breast, rubbing gently. It took me a moment to realize it was Bob's hand and not Randy's. As soon as I realized it, I jumped up and moved away from the couch.

"Um," I said, feeling my pulse racing. "I should clean up the kitchen." I saw Bob and Randy exchange looks before I hurried out of the room. 

When I got to the kitchen I leaned against the counter. My legs felt kind of weak and my pulse was still jumping. I closed my eyes a moment and tried to clear my mind. Was I really going to do this? Was Randy really OK with it? God, it was so exciting to talk about it, but now in real life I was just scared out of my mind. I took some deep breaths and tried to calm down. Randy walked into the kitchen. 

"Hey," he said. He crossed over to me and took my hands in his. "Are you OK?"

"Yeah," I said. "I'm just feeling confused. I don't know if I'm ready for this." I gazed down at the floor instead of looking directly at him. He leaned down to look me in the eyes and then kissed me softly.

"We don't have to do this if you don't want to," he said. "But I think you kind of want to. And Bob is already here and everything."

"I don't think it's a good idea." I moved around him and started to put away the leftover food. "I can't believe you actually brought him over." I looked over my shoulder at him. "Would you really be OK with it?"

He leaned back against the counter. "I don't know either, really. I've never done this before. If I really think about it, I guess I'm a little uncomfortable about it too." He looked me in the eyes. "But it really excites me to think about you being pleasured like that. Especially if I am in charge and tell you what to do with me and with him. Then it's like I'm involved in it all and he's just my assistant." He grinned.

I felt myself almost smile, but I held it back. "It excites me too," I said. "But I'm worried about how we'll feel afterwards. I love you, and nothing will change that. All of this is just a silly fantasy and I can easily do without it, but I wouldn't be happy without you." I wrapped my arms around his waist and held him close. His hands rubbed my back and he kissed me on the forehead.
