 1.

As Cathy prepared for the evening, she became increasingly nervous and excited. Ben had been hinting at new adventures all week. But he gave no hint as to what kind of "adventures." Still she accepted willingly his leadership, even if she worried that he might take them too far.

But what was too far? At each step of their explorations into nude beaches, exhibitionism, bondage and sexual discipline, and very aggressive sex, she had always felt - at least before and after, and deep down, even during their games - safe and secure with Ben. 

Yet, Cathy knew that his mind held many fantasies and ideas. Particularly, he recently had commented on a third, another couple, swingers clubs, and permutations of group sex. She hardly dared admit to herself that such fantasies really excited her. But the possibility of actually engaging in them truly scared her.

Yet she was so sure of Ben, their solid marriage, family and home life, that she wondered why she worried so much. Perhaps it was just her nature. Still, when she thought of what seemed conceivable for Ben - to suggest or make happen - she was nervous. 

On reflection, most of what they had experienced had made her feel the same way before. The clothes that she routinely wore for Ben would have appalled her only a few years ago as slutty and entirely inappropriate. Now they made her feel sexy. Cathy loved knowing that she would get looked at, that men would get excited when they saw her with Ben, perhaps glimpsing her breasts, making out her nipples though some sheer fabric, even guessing that she was without underwear. 

Being tied up and spanked so hard that the pain made her cry out would have disgusted her before. If Ben had suggested it, Cathy would have rejected it with anger and wondered whether the marriage was over. Now she seemed to yearn for such brutal domination and found excitement and deep pleasure in it. 

It wasn't as if Cathy had been a prude, it was just that so much of what she and Ben now did would have seemed beyond the pale. But Ben had led, she had willingly followed, trusting him, and recognizing that she was discovering her true nature. Still, Cathy worried, with each new adventure there was danger.

Yet, she continued for three reasons. First, she trusted Ben would make the right decisions for them. Second, she found it easy to submissively go along with Ben's creative leadership. And finally, she was enjoying their experiences more than she wanted to admit, even to Ben. 

Cathy was nervous and excited as she showered, carefully shaved her pubic hair, and wondered what was to come.

2.

An hour later, Ben navigated their yellow Mazda Coupe through the jumbled streets of the restaurant district to where the nicer eateries gave way to dance clubs. They stopped outside Michel's, a fairly chic French bistro that Cathy had read about. She waited while Ben came around to open her door - something that he always did now. Cathy was feeling sexy in a black, short, front-buttoned dress over her new half-bra and g-string that she had bought in anticipation of the evening.

As Cathy stepped out, Ben did not step back, so she rose up close into his chest and looked up into his face, now with a few "distinguished" wrinkles and the same blue-grey eyes she first saw twelve years ago.

Ben's steady and serious look penetrated her for a long moment before he spoke. "I love you Cathy more than anything, you know that, yes?"

"Yes."

"Don't forget that tonight."

Reassured by the true emotional depth behind those words and excited by the reason that lay behind the declaration, Cathy involuntarily drew a deep breath as her heart began to pound within her.

At the desk, Ben gave his name to a young hostess who disappeared and returned with a smiling, short grandfatherly man, whose relaxed attitude made Cathy assume that he was Michel. He shook Ben's hand and turned to Cathy, smiled broadly at her and nodded slowly. Michel then beckoned Ben to bend forward to allow him to speak close. They exchanged words that Cathy could not hear, but it seemed more private than the background noise warranted, more intrigue than curtsey. 

"I wonder what he's cooked up?" thought Cathy and her anticipation increased still further. Michel darted away into the bustle of the dinner room and returned with a waiter, perhaps in his mid-twenties, slightly taller than Ben, dirty blond hair, and, Cathy decided, cute.

The waiter shook hands with Ben. Cathy overheard, "Just as you requested," but no more.

Suddenly, Cathy was walking forward as the waiter guided them passed closely packed tables in a narrow and noisy room to a series of three solid wooden doors along the right wall near the back. Sliding open one door, a small room was revealed, illuminated by soft candle-like lights on the walls between paintings of country scenes, and with a table for two carrying a bottle of Champagne in an ice bucket. Cathy supposed that each door opened on a private two-person dinning room. After they were seated, the bottle was immediately opened and their glasses filled.

The waiter handed a small object to Ben, "Just buzz when you need service." 

"Thank you Robert. I'll let you know when to return."

"Robert? Hmmm, I wonder how much he knows?" wondered Cathy. She smiled to herself, "Probably more than me anyway" As the door was closed behind the exiting man, Cathy thought that she had never been in such a private dinning room before. A shiver quivered through her. 

Ben raised his glass in toast, "To us, our love, our life together, and our adventures. Now drink up" Cathy smiled, clinked her glass against Ben's, and drained the glass. It was partly thirst, but she also wanted the alcohol to relax her nervousness. Ben drank only half a glass, but immediately filled their glasses again and proposed another toast. "To the sexiest woman I have ever known, may you never be bored with me." Cathy smiled again drank a little more moderately and wondered if she could ever be bored with such treatment. That was part of what she had given over to Ben, the right to be bored. He had the power to bring excitement into their lives at his choosing.

"Now," Ben paused staring at her, "Stand up."

"So it begins," thought Cathy as she rose with a little tremble and a deep breath. Ben rose and moved around behind her. He pulled back her chair until its back was against the wall, only three feet or so. 

"Lift up your dress." 

Cathy drew a breath. Well a private room at least. She obeyed, lifting the hem of her black dress to her waist and face Ben. His eyes lowered to the petite g-string panties that covered her mound, or did so only because she had shaved all but a small strip above her pussy. She loved to see his smile and draw breath; he confirmed how sexy she felt.

"Turn around . . . now lean forward and put your hands on the chair seat." As she complied, Ben caught the hem of her dress and kept it at her waist.

The first smack came as a shock, even though she had half guessed it was coming. Cathy gasped "Ohhh" and could not help uttering the thought that flashed through her mind, "They'll hear and come."

"And?"

"Oh." Cathy felt his control over the situation. If they came, they came, Ben would take care of it, she need not worry about it. Still. This was a . . . A second spank. A third. A fourth. Cathy's heart was beating wildly. Six more spanks, alternating left and right. Cathy's butt was warm and beginning to sting, but the surging tides of emotions and fluids through her body made her tremble. Mostly, she felt release. I am not in control, Ben is in control and I am free. Why she considered this freedom, Cathy could never have said. It was however, exactly what she felt. Free and excited to be completely, tingling, alive. 

If Ben had simply taken her then, just fucked her; he would have found her body oozing with readiness. She exalted in such treatment from Ben, even proud that she belonged to such a man.

"Okay, stand."

Ben went around her and took the chair, moving it so that Cathy found herself sitting again, flush and trembling.

Ben pressed the buzzer and two minutes later, the door slid open and Robert came in with salads. As a Roquefort salad was placed before Cathy, she realized that Ben had arranged every detail down to her favorite salad. Cathy loved this kind of dominance. Ben controlled the situation with a detailed understanding of her and a commitment to make her happy. Ben clearly was going to deliver the promised adventure with romance and power that made her eager to submit to his wishes.

Through the salad, Cathy quickly finished her second glass. As she placed her fork down, Ben said "Now Cath, unbutton the front of your dress. Four buttons."

As steadily as she could, she unbuttoned. The second button exposed cleavage. The thid and her nipples rising just above the black lacy half-bra could be seen if the dress was opened. The fourth opened the dress to the waist. Cathy placed her hands in her lap and looked at Ben's hungry eyes.

A deeply erotic silence prevailed until Ben pressed the silent buzzer. Cathy's eye shot up to look at Ben. He's going to show me off, display me. He looked back calmly. She sat still. A long minute passed until the door began to slide. Cathy kept her eyes straight ahead, focusing on Ben's steady eyes. He looked back... She could feel her heart beating against her ribs. Cathy heard the door slide open, the waiter begin to approach, pause a moment, slide the door close, and then take another step.

"How is everything?"

Ben smiled at her before turning his eyes to the waiter. Cathy kept her eyes on Ben. She struggled against a wave of embarrassment. She wondered whether the waiter knew this was going to happen. 

Ben smiled at the waiter. "Delicious. And the view is delightful too."

The waiter uttered a half suppressed chuckle. "Delicious." Cathy started with her eyes and the word. Delicious? Was she being served? To Robert? No, no, that would be too much. Only to see, perhaps. "What if's" began to swirl in her mind.

"Shall I'll bring the entrées?" 

"Yes, Robert that will be fine. But Champagne first"

"Of course."

Was Ben's repeated use of his first name, a way of bringing Robert into their game? Making him less of a stranger? As Robert poured the champagne and took the plates, Cathy looked at Robert's hands. Ordinary hands, but suddenly sensual, hands that were near her exposed body. Will he touch me? She was suddenly aware that a spark in her desired just that. To be touched by this man. But Cathy immediately turned on the emotion. No, no, no. Ben, But what does Ben want? Could he even think of giving me to another man? No, no, . . . yes, God help me, yes, if it pleases him. And then the hands were gone. And then the sound of the sliding door.

Cathy looked at Ben. His calm face with a slight smile for her. "He's also anticipating," she thought. "He's swimming in anticipation, of what is going to happen, what he will make happen, of what I will do. But I don't want Robert. I can say no. It would be too far. But, I . . . . I . . ." A deep breath escaped her, expressing desire that she could not even think about. 

Ben's face still calm, still smiling. No he won't give me away. He loves me. I am his possession. Yes, but that means he will please himself. Will Robert touching me, please him? Suddenly that spark of desire again to be touched by Robert's hands. God, slut, slut, slut. But Ben wants a woman as a third. He wants to watch her touch me, to see me come under her tongue. A formless beautiful woman drifted into her mind and reassured her. If Ben wanted a woman touching her and Robert wasn't a woman, ergo she was barking up the wrong tree. 

What's his game? Still his calm smile beamed at her. He knows my mind is racing, guessing, and he doesn't say a word.

The door, Robert, veal cutlets, another favorite dish. She had almost forgotten that her dress was opened to the waist. Part of her wanted to smile while the rest was sensitive to her exposure. 

"Pepper?" Who was he talking to?

Ben said, "Yes, please." 

"Madam?"

"This time he's definitely talking to me," thought Cathy. She looked up and saw Robert's eyes lowered to her breasts, her nipples erect over the edge of the black lace. She drew breath to say no, just to make Robert go away, but Ben spoke first.

"Yes, Cathy will have pepper."

Cathy managed a "Thank you" to stop the grinding of the pepper after a polite interval.

"My pleasure"

"I'm sure." Ben chuckled.

Robert, paused, smiled. "Yes, indeed." 

"Before you go, some assistance. I would like the top of Cathy's dress lowered. Could you do that?"

Even as Cathy's jaw dropped, Robert replied calmly "Of course, Sir." 

This cannot be happen. What the hell is going on? Who is this guy? Christ, Ben . . . Oh he's doing it. She felt Robert fingers sliding her dress off her shoulders. His touch sent sparks along her skin. Oh, . . . Oh, . . . Oh, . ... 

Her face expressed incredulous helplessness. The dress came down to her waist but her arms were still inside the sleeves up to her elbows. Roberts's hands slid along her lower left arm, releasing it from the sleeve. He eyes followed his hands. The feel of his fingers were like blades moving down her arm. Her heart felt like it could burst. 

As Robert moved around behind her, Cathy looked at Ben. His face was expressionless but for the faintest smile. He was in control, King. Now her right sleeve was lowered. Cathy could barely think. 

This entire situation was so impossible and fantasy. Whose fantasy is this? And then she realized, "it's two fantasies, mine and Ben's, different views, different fantasies. I don't understand, what he . . . forget it, this is, is . . . She could not think it, but she felt and knew that she felt it.

"Thank you. Now please unsnap her bra." Cathy stared, mouth opened, amazed at Ben. Robert's finger in the middle of her back. Her breasts freed, lowering slightly, the bra hanging loose. Her arm came in to stop it falling. 

"The bra, Robert." Cathy's arms automatically moved out slightly at the elbows and together at the hands. Somehow the bra came away without Robert coming into contact with her. 

Robert passed the bra to Ben, who smiled, "Thank you. We will eat now."

The door slide closed and they were alone again. 

Cathy looked at Ben, not knowing what to do. Everything seemed so incredulous. All this in an upscale respectable restaurant run by nice old grandfather Michel? This doesn't happen. How did he do this? Who is in on this? Does Michel know what's going on? How did Ben do this? Does he want Robert to fuck me in this room? No, that's something I'm not going to do. 

"I need to know. . ."

"No you don't. Not tonight. I know you and love you. You're afraid of what might happen that you will fall over an edge and never be able to come back. You also are really turned on. You're heart is beating a mile a minute. You thrilled when Robert took of your dress. You love to be sexy. You love to know that others are turned on by the sight of you. And you're pulled by desire and fear of losing control of that desire. You can't accept your desire. Well, I love you and you have given yourself to me. I am in control. Now it pleases me to see you before me beautiful and exposed and now eat up."

Yielding in a surging emotion toward Ben, Cathy said "Yes."

For twenty minutes they ate in silence. Cathy's mind churning, Ben calm. She picked at her food, Ben cleaned his plate. As soon as her fork went down Ben spoke again in a direct tone.

"Now Cath, take your dress off." She started to say no and caught his calm stare.

She glanced at the door. I want to do this, God help me. She looked at the table, drained the champagne, Yes, I do. I do. 

She gathered herself, rose from her chair, and stepped out of her dress. 

"Now come around to me." She moved close to him. Ben put his hands to her breasts and gently, oh so gently, squeezed. His thumbs began to caress her nipples which hardened. She seemed to melt. Ben cupped her mound through her panties and again, a gentle squeeze. Cathy involuntarily groaned and pushed forward. 

She was losing her own control, and relying on Ben ever more. Ben caressed the cleft of her labia with his thumb through her panties. Cathy could feel herself rise inside. His thumb continued until she was about to demand "Just fuck me." and then stopped. Oh God, no!

"Now stand back one step."

As she did, Cathy saw his finger go to the buzzer. Well I guess he gets to see everything.

Robert entered and closed the door. Cathy could not look him in the face and lowered her eyes and saw him standing waiting. He's waiting for Ben. Good. He doesn't assume. Oh God he's getting an erection. Ah it's for me you little slut.

"I wish to taste champagne on Cathy's nipples. Please apply some." Ahhh, yes, no, yes, no, Ben I love you. You are my master here. I do this for you. And I love this to.

Robert poured champagne into his cupped left handed and stepped toward Cathy. Her eyes fixed on his bulging crotch and squirmed. Suddenly his index finger was circling her left areola, wet and cold, but arousing. Cathy closed her eyes and just felt. The circling continued, closing in on the nipple slowly. Then, her right breast. She felt, the finger was anonymous, it could just as easily be Ben's and she responded, drawing in air with a low hiss. The finger stopped and a mouth closed on her left breast. Who? Ben. Yes, I know his mouth, his turn. Oh that feels good! 

"Again." 

The mouth was on her right breast, the tongue caressing her nipple, while the wet finger circled her left nipple again. "Ohhhh." Cathy ran her tongue between pursed lips and sighed.

"Again." Mouth and finger switched places again. 

"Again." This time the mouth stopped and when the finger finished touching her left nipple. "Would you like a taste?" Oh God, I can't help it. 

Robert didn't speak but she felt his mouth close on her and his tongue swirling. So different. And then Ben's mouth on her other breast. Two men, two tongues. "Oh, Oh, Oh," Cathy almost panted. She wanted to lean against the wall and reached out her left hand that dangled limp to her side. Rather than a wall it found the side of Robert, his hip. Without thought, her hand moved back and over the bulge in his pants. "Ohhhh," again followed by a hissing as she drew breathe through pursed lips. She wanted to grab, caress, hold, but dared not, even now she could hold the line. 

Suddenly fingers were slipping inside her petite panties and moved over her cleft. She was wet and syrupy. Whose fingers? It doesn't matter. Ahhh.

She grasped, felt the bulge, felt it throb, and moved her hand back. Simultaneously the men stopped. 

Ben looked her straight in the eye and said very gently, "Okay sit down." Robert moved away and began gathering the plates. Almost unaware of what was happening, Cathy heard the door quickly slide open and close.

"Oh God, Ben." Cathy could barely look up. Her body was craving. Who was this Robert? Was he just a waiter? Was Ben giving permission, even encouraging more? Its okay, Ben, Ben, Ben, its okay, enjoy. Don't think. Ben will explain. Ben will make everything okay. He'll let it go as far as he wants and I can enjoy.

Cathy said, "Wow, that felt good."

"Good."

"What do you want Ben?"

"I want what is happening."

"How far . . ."

"Shhh. . . I'll decide, just let it happen and enjoy."

The door quickly slide open and closed, before Cathy was ready for the next round. "Fruit and sorbet for you and Crème Brulée for madam." Like nothing's happening. Yum. "Decaf for you and peppermint herbal tea for madam?"

"Thank you, Robert."

Cathy focused on her desert and tea, comfort food calming the roiling ocean inside. Time was drifting.
