 I work as a top end executive and have my own modestly successful business. I am by no means Adonis, however I have a track history of getting women who are beautiful, intelligent and exotic. I am a Gen X man, early 40s, amazing wife and great kids.

My Achilles heel has always been my overactive imagination which I have been able to temper with age, however it has landed me in trouble in my past. 

A few months ago I picked up a new pan-national client and joined their executive group. Shortly after joining I was asked to go to a conference and to provide input on a new technology. 

The conference was in an exclusive hotel by the beach with a 24 hour bar. In my 20s and early 30s I could hold a drink and party all night, however age has tempered me and these days and my drinking days are behind me.

The conference was a 5 day conference, very intense and very informative. The first evening I joined the young guy's for a few bourbons and then headed to my room for some sleep.

At the end of the second day I was having lunch and started to talk to some vendors, as an executive I was getting a lot of attention from people trying to sell me services. I was working my way around the room when I was approached by a beautiful women with, blond hair, brown eyes and a mischievous smile.. Her name tag said Elizabeth and she was wearing an tight all in one gray woollen piece. She has subtle makeup which highlighted her eyes, a very fit body and large, shapely breasts. She also had a great sense of humour, was confident and laughed a lot. I find nothing sexier than confident women with good humour. She introduced me to her boss and we got talking about technology. Elizabeth moved off to find other clients.

That evening I went out with the guys, had a few bourbons and headed back to my room. I was reflecting on my day and Elizabeth came to mind. I started feeling horny and my imagination kicked in. I had a shower, dimmed the lights, lay on the bed with my cotton pj's. I started thinking about Elizabeth and my hand started to gently caress my balls and feeling my thick cock. I started to think about kissing Elizabeth on the lips, undressing her down to her underwear. I imagine her perfume and how her hair would look. I thought abount kissing her neck, getting to her bra, expose one her breasts and sucking her ripe nipples. My hands would then move over her lace underwear, move into her knickers and I would start to play with gently her clit, before gently entering her with my figures and getting her warmed up for the main course. I would then orally simulate her, taste her and make her moan. 

I worked myself to the main event where I entered with my throbbing cock while sucking on those breasts and imagined her arching back. I kept stroking my cock until I came. I slept well that night.

The next day I woke early, went to the conference. That evening there was a 'cook out' and I noticed Elizabeth from across the room, she was looking hot and flirting with the young guys. I made my way over to her eventually and we got talking. Again she took me by the arm, but this time she started having a chat. I like to ask questions and I found out that we were the same age and the same star sign. I had a good chat with she told me that she would like to come and have a drink with our group the following evening. She was working and I left her to it.

The following day was the closing event. We were sitting at tables in a big hall. I had a few glasses of good red wine and was enjoying my starters, when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I looked around to find Elizabeth there. She was dressed in a very smart black jacket and tight elegant black skirt that was neither too short nor to long. She had black 'pumps' which made her legs look great. She was wearing nice perfume, which was not overstated and subtle makeup. She pointed to where she was sitting. For the rest of the dinner and presentation I found myself checking her out, she was surrounded by men flirting with her at her table and I could see that she was busy in her sales role.

The music came on and people started to have a little dance. The guys decided to head to the bar; I went over and invited Elizabeth to join us. She was a little tipsy and told me that she would be there a little later. I was a little disappointed, however I guess I was not that fussed and went with the guys.

I was having a good laugh with the guys when Elizabeth made an appearance, she must have seen that I was pleased to see her. She was a little tipsier and she put her are around me. I was the older guy amongst the crowd and it gave me a buzz, a couple of the younger guys came over, but Elizabeth continued to talk to me. Her boss came over and asked her if she was OK and that she was getting a little drunk, she told him that she would be OK. 

She then turned to me and said that she wanted to have some fun and her boss had no rights to stop her. She also gave me a little personal information, about her husband, wanting to have kids with him, etc. We had a good talk about a lot of different subjects.

As the evening wore on, a group of guys from another company decided that they wanted to go to a club and started rounding people up. We were to meet in the lobby in 15 minutes. It was getting late for me and I decided at this stage that I would think about retiring and leave the clubbing to the young guys.

I walked to the lobby with the group and Elizabeth; I had had a good night and told her that I enjoyed talking to her. At this stage on of the ladies from another group came over. She mid 20s had black hair, very beautiful and bright red lipstick. 

Elizabeth being a tipsy, walked straight up to her and said 'Oh my goodness, you look so hot'. They obviously had met at the conference. The girl (Sophie) replied with a laugh and told Elizabeth that she also looked hot also. Elizabeth carried on jokingly and said 'we should get together', I knew she was joking; she then turned to me and jokingly said 'well you could watch'! 

This was the first time that I found myself listening to this type of conversation. I could see that it was good banter and that Elizabeth was joking, however although Sophie was acting cool, there was a hint of a blush; I could tell she was intrigued.

At about this time a few of the younger guys starting hitting on Elizabeth and trying to talk her into going with them. They could see that she was a little drunk and I felt that they wanted they could be taking advantage of her. One guy said that they were getting a cab and asked her to join him, she followed. At this stage I got a worried for her safety and followed the group out to the cab rank. I pulled Elizabeth aside and told her that she should grab a coffee with me at the lobby and call it a night, she did not want to do something she regretted later. Sophie was there and agreed with me. 

We agreed to go back into the hotel, have a coffee and call it a night.

I walked Sophie and Elizabeth back to the hotel coffee shop, ordered a coffee and excused myself to go to the gents. I came back and joined in the conversation and had a good laugh with both girls. Sophie told us that she needed to go to her room and make a phone call and gave us both a hug and a kiss good night.

I told Elizabeth that I needed to hit the sack; she agreed and we paid the bill. We started walking to the lift and Elizabeth put her arm through mine. I am a bit of a gentleman and felt that this was a good end to the night; tomorrow we would both get back on a plane and get on with our lives. We had agreed to keep in touch over the social network. I had enjoyed meeting Elizabeth.

I was staying on the 8th floor and Elizabeth was on the 5th. I pressed both buttons; we were the only two people in the lift. Elizabeth lent back onto the lift wall and gave me the same mischievous smile that she gave me when I had first met her.

The 5th floor came up and I started to say good buy. Elizabeth took my hand and asked me to 'walk her to her room'? I found it strange, but did not think too much of it. I remember thinking at the time that she may be a little drunk or had lost her room entry card. We got to her room and she took her key out of her bag. For the second time I was about to say goodbye, when she leaned against me and gently whispered in my ear 'I think you should come in for a drink '. Although Elizabeth had been tactile, this time I felt her large breasts against me and caught the sent of her perfume and felt her hair and skin against me. My cock became rock solid and started hurting. This normally happens when I wake up in the middle of the night, see my wife and feel the strong urge to fuck.

I followed Elizabeth into the room; she took her jacket off, she put on some dim lighting. I could see the outline of her lacy white bra under her white shirt. I stared to walk over to put open the mini bar when Elizabeth walked straight up to me. She unbuttoned her top two shirt buttons, took my hand and stuffed it into her bra. I could feel her erect nipple on my hand; she then put her hand on my hand, and started to kiss me. Her breast felt amazing and her kiss passionate but still gentle. I helped her take off her shirt and I rook my shirt and shoes off. She took her skirt off and I removed my trousers. She has matching lacy white thongs and I could make out the outline of her pussy.

She got me to get on my knees on the bed and pulled down my boxers; my cock was really very hard and I was very turned on. She started by holding my cock up and gently kissing my balls, she then started to lick the shaft of my cock before putting my whole cock in her mouth. We were sideways on to the mirror in the room and she glanced over to watch her self, this turned me on even more.

She used her tongue to trace the outline of the head of my cock and would then put my entire cock in her mouth, started giving me a blow job and kept repeating the process. It was not before very long that I started to feel like I would explode. I gently told her that I was about to cum expecting her to pull away and give me a hand job to finish, but instead she became firmer with her actions. Thinking she had not heard me, I took her head gently to get her off my cock, instead she gently pushed my hand away, cupped my balls and kept going. She made a slight muffled moaning sound and at this sound I came in her mouth. She looked up at me and smiled; I lay on the bed and pulled her towards me. I could task my cum in her mouth and this turned me on even more. We started to kiss and I started to feel her crutch.

Someone started knock on the door! 

I did not quiet know what to do, I got under the top cover. Elizabeth got up and opened the door, hiding her body behind the door; 'Sophie, Oh hi....'. I could tell that Elizabeth had been caught off guard, but was relieved that it was only Sophie. 

' Sorry, I can see you are busy, sorry... I'll see you tomorrow'.

'Uhmm... come in'... At this stage Elizabeth grabbed Sophie's hand and pulled her into the room. Sophie was really surprised to see Elizabeth in her underwear and I think she caught a glimpse of me. Before either of us could say anything Elizabeth started to kiss Sophie and following Sophie's initial hesitation she got into it. For the second time that evening my cock started hurting, this was not something that had happened to me before and I was very turned on.

Elizabeth started to undress Sophie, once Sophie was down to her under wear; she pulled the armchair in the hotel room near to the bed. She then removed Sophie's underwear, took her own bra off and they started to kiss. I could see their breasts touching each other. It is something seeing two women act in porn, it is something else to be in a room and see two women enjoying each other. 

I got back on top of the cover, put two pillows behind me, sat up and gently started to stroke my cock. Elizabeth whispered something to Sophie. She got Sophie to sit on the arm chair, with both of her legs over the rests. I had a perfect view of Sophie's shaven pussy. Elizabeth put her knee in between Sophies legs, and started by gently sucking Sophies nipples. Again, Elizabeth made some slight moaning signs, which had the effect of turning both of us on more. Elizabeth then moved down and started to lick Sophies pussy. At this stage I had to stop stroking my cock and watch, I was about to cum again.

Elizabeth then got up and leaving Sophie behind, took her thongs off and moved over to the bed. I put her on my pillows so that she was sitting up, knelt next to her and started to play with her clit. I then slid my fingers into her and started to play with her. Elizabeth started to moan. I knew that she could see herself in the mirror. I took a glance at Sophie and noticed that she was rubbing herself. I started to kiss the inside of Elizabeth's legs and made my way to her pussy. She put he hand in my hair and I started to eat her out. 

I took a sideways glance, Sophie had lent over, taken Elizabeths 'roll on' and was using it to pleasure herself. I kept going until I felt Elizabeth cum and could taste her honey on my tongue. Elizabeth gently encouraged me to get up and went over to Sohpie, took her by her hand and laid her where she had been laying. 

She put her nipple in Sophies mouth, Sophie started sucking her tits. As she was doing this Elizabeth started to finger Sophie. She then move down on Sophie and started to lick her and continued to use two fingers, Sophie came. 

When Sophie was done, Elizabeth move up and they started to kiss. Sophie was on one side of Elizabeth whilst Elizabeth was laying on her back. At this stage Elizabeth opened her legs and I could see her glistening pink pussy. She was shaven with a bit of fluff at the top. I could not hold myself any longer, I got in between her legs, let myself in and started fucking her while she and Sophie made out. She started to moan loudly and Sophie helped by continuing to suck her tits and kissing her. She then put her pussy on Elizabeth's face and I started to kiss Sophie I came on her Elizabeth's belly and went into the bathroom got a hand towel to clean up.

At this stage I thought that it was over, however Sophie and Elizabeth were both kneeling on the bed and still making out. Once again Elizabeth started to simulate Sophine and before I knew it Elizabeth has her head in between Sophines legs and her ass in the air. I could see her pussy lips, I felt myself getting hard and I entered Elizabeth's pussy from behind. Sophie has a perfect view of me fucking Elizabeth and could see all of this in the mirror. 

By now Elizabeth was really wet and although I was really enjoying the feeling of fucking her wet pussy, I could not get enough friction to cum. I pulled my cock out and started to stroke it hard. Elizabeth reached out behind her, took my cock and pulled it towards her. I tried to help her put my cock in her pussy, but she pulled it away and moved it towards her ass. This really surprised me, I was not expecting this, she briefly looked up at me and nodded. 

I gently entered her ass, she moaned, looked at me, gave me that mischievous smiled and got back to enjoying Sophie. Her ass was really tight and gripped my cock. I fucked her gently until she came and I then came inside her. Sophie saw the whole thing and I think she must have cum quiet a few times watching us.

That night we all fell asleep, Elizabeth had me on one side and Sophie on the other. 

I recently saw Elizabeth at a client meeting, I could not stop smiling. A true one off!