 I would never have given him a second glance, to be honest. Not that he wasn't good-looking – hell, he was exceptionally fine. Around 6 feet tall, broad-shouldered and mixed blood with Hispanic brown skin and pale green eyes, he caught my eye the moment he walked into the room that night. But I wasn't on the prowl – I was in San Antonio on business, and he was simply a friend of a friend who happened to have come out for the night. 

But then, there were a few drinks involved, and I'm a horny drunk. And he was, as I mentioned, rather hot. Older than me, just how I like it – I was about to turn 25, and he looked like he was in his mid-30's. In fantastic shape, too. The longer the night wore on, the more I found myself wanting to slip my fingers in through the buttons on his shirt to feel how hard his stomach really was. We flirted a bit toward the end of the night, but soon enough it was time to head back to my hotel a few hours away. He asked for my number and I wrote it on a matchbook. I thought nothing of it.

Nothing, that is, until my phone vibrated just as I was pulling onto the freeway. It was a text from him – shit, what was his name? Andrew? Anthony? I hadn't paid attention at first and then it wasn't really necessary to know while we were all hanging out. He was asking me if I could come back to hang out with him and some friends. I glanced at my cell phone – only 11pm. A little buzzed and still fixated on those elusive abs, I decided to tease him a bit. 

"What's in it for me?" I responded.

"Anything you want," he wrote back.

Smiling, I typed, "Anything at all? I'm pretty demanding..."

His quick response came, "Anything. I promise I'll make it worth your while."

I weighed my options. I really had no reason to get up early the next day – in fact, my schedule was free until around 3pm. My intentions were to get some sleep and then go to the gym. Yet I was just coming off of a self-imposed bout of celibacy and, despite having ended it the week before with a lover back home, just the thought of a wild night in bed was making me hot already. And those eyes...and that body...

"So where are you?"

"At the hotel bar, on St. Mary's and Houston – get your hot ass back here!"

*****

I pulled into the parking lot about 15 minutes later. The man at the gate smiled when he saw my long blonde curls bouncing over my bare shoulders. Hispanic men, as a general rule, love me automatically for being young and blonde. He mumbled something about an $8 parking fee, but when I tossed my hair and told him I was only in town for one night, he just grinned a big mustached grin and said, "For you, it's free. Anything for you."

This was becoming the theme of the night. I had to remember to thank my boss for sending me to Texas.

In my rearview mirror I checked my make-up. Black eyeliner, subtle eye shadow, lip gloss and I was ready to face the crowd. His friends, I knew, were just as attractive as he was – actors, some of them rather well-known, and though I'm generally right at home in those crowds, I wanted to make sure that when I walked in, they would all notice. I strutted across the parking lot, hearing the attendant whistle as I swung my hips, the warm spring breeze ruffling the filmy halter top I was wearing over my faded low-rise bootcuts. 

I texted him from the upstairs bar entrance, "Where are you?"

"I just saw you walk in – I'm coming to get you."

A quick rush of apprehension came over me as I realized that he might not be quite so attractive in different lighting. Beer goggles occasionally hindered my judgment, and I'd hate to have taken a closer look to find that I'd have been better off back at my hotel alone. But then the door from the outside patio opened up and that gorgeous man looked right up at me, his button-down perfectly fitted against his bulging pecs and those beautiful green eyes locked on mine. My heart fluttered and I strode gracefully down the stairs to take his hand. He pulled me in for a quick hug, a kiss on the neck that sent chills down my spine, and we walked out to meet his friends at the table outside.

I had been right about his friends. Two chiseled men sat diagonally across from me, air force pilots just completing jet flight training. They told stories of falling asleep in the cockpit because of the intensity of the G-forces, and their pretty young girlfriends giggled and ordered more mojitos. Attractive in their own right, though, that group didn't even compare to the couple seated directly across from me and my handsome date. Actors with some tabloid time to their credit, I'd met them once or twice before and had always found them charming. Tonight, with gin and rum in their blood, they were the perfect companions. 

He was tall, very tall and lean with not an ounce of fat on his body and the muscles of a gymnast, his hair long, blonde and wavy in contrast to my date's short dark curls. And his wife – good god, if I could have created the most beautiful woman on earth, I'd have only been trying to get to her. Around my height, she told me that she was 40 but I'd never have put her past 28. She was a dancer, her legs long and lithe and yet curvy, womanly; her breasts were fantastic, full and luscious and threatening to burst through the tight baby T she wore. I couldn't help but stare, and found myself absently tracing my fingers on my date's thigh as I admired her easy laugh and perfect white teeth.

The night wore on, and one gin and tonic turned into two more. I hadn't eaten dinner and could feel the alcohol hit my bloodstream, magnifying the drinks from earlier and forcing my libido into a raging quest for satisfaction. My date, whose name turned out to be Anton, was clearly pleased by my ease in fitting in with his friends as we all told dirty stories and flirted openly around the table. Anton rose for a cigarette, inviting me to join him at the other edge of the patio overlooking the river, and I followed slowly, as much to get control over the boiling in my blood as to make sure that the couple still sitting at the table had time to notice my firm round ass as I walked away. A quick glance back showed that I had been successful – both their eyes were locked on me and I smiled, turning toward Anton and allowing him to light me a Marlboro.

He pulled me in close to him, his muscular thigh nudging its way between mine and I sat lightly on his leg as his fingers gently explored my midriff. My body is not pure muscle, but it's shapely and firm and I'm proud of it. I have gotten plenty of compliments to justify that pride. My ass and my stomach are my two favorite features, and Anton was clearly enjoying his proximity to both – a light glance of my fingers across his groin proved just that, as his bulge was already beginning to harden. I kissed him lightly on the lips, teasing and enjoying the urgency in his reaction, then returned to my cigarette and watched as the other man, Jeff, strode casually toward us.

He took a drag from my cigarette and then asked me what I thought about his wife. Never shy about giving compliments, I told him exactly what I thought – that she was incredibly beautiful, and that he was a lucky man. He responded by telling me that she needed some pussy. He laughed quickly, maybe surprised that he'd blurted that out, but then his intoxication took over and he began telling me how amazing she was in bed, extolling her blow job talents and even pulling out his cell phone to show me a picture of him fucking her from behind. 

I noted that his cock was as exceptionally large as he was tall.

As Anton and I laughed over Jeff's drunken state, his gorgeous wife, Cecile, joined us and continued the conversation, grinning and going into some detail about the length and girth of her husband's cock even before I could comment. She leaned out over the railing, looking down onto the river below, and all three of us caught our breath as her tight round ass claimed our attention. She just smiled – a smile I knew all too well. I could see that she and I had much in common, and it made me want her that much more.

By this point it was after midnight, and the couple said they had to get up early the next day, that they should really be heading back to the hotel soon. The air force couples said their goodbyes and departed, but just as I thought that my tempting new friends were going to take their leave, Anton bought one more round of drinks for the four of us and we moved inside to the upstairs club, where a DJ was spinning. 

Anton and Jeff sat down on a couch in the corner, schoolboys with new toys to play with – the two of us women. We, for our part, sat across from them on some rather fascinating chairs that, as she quickly discovered, could easily have been stripper chairs. We could slide backwards down them, spreading our thighs into various provocative positions and landing against the backs in poses that made the men gasp audibly. In our drunken state, this was the height of amusement, and she and I laughed together over the men's blatant desire for us, playing it all up to our extreme pleasure. 

As we sipped our cocktails, the heavy beats of the dance music pounding through the room took over my body, and I realized that I was getting wet. The alcohol was in full control by this point, and suddenly I was hot and ready to go – right there if I had to. I swayed off of the chair and over to the couch, where I straddled Anton and sat right down in his lap, burying his face in my hair. People in the club stopped what they were doing when they noticed this forthright display, but I didn't care. I had come back to San Antonio to get laid and, while I was having fun, I was done playing. Anton responded in kind, his strong fingers reaching around to cup my ass and pull me in tighter as I licked my way slowly, lightly up his neck to his earlobe.

"Let's get out of here – I want to see what you're made of," I murmured into his ear.

He picked me up as he stood, holding my legs around his waist and pulling me in hard against him before setting me on the floor and taking my hand. Cecile and Jeff followed us out of the club, clinging to one another, all eyes on the four of us as we disappeared into the warm night.

*****

We walked into the hotel lobby in pairs – the men ahead, and the women following languidly behind. She and I were giggling, loosely holding hands. Her skin was so soft, and her long dark curls hung elegantly down her back, tantalizing. I wanted to run my fingers through her hair but I contented myself with her hand in mine, watching the tight muscular bodies of the men as they led us to the elevators.

On the fourth floor, we stopped in front of the couple's door. I watched them walk in, expecting to say our goodbyes and then move on to Anton's room, but he put his arm around me and led me through, placing the "Do Not Disturb" sign outside before locking and deadbolting the door. It was dark in their suite. The bedroom was off to the left, but we settled down onto the couches in the living room while Jeff went to find candles to light the place. 

My heart was racing – the prospect of involving this handsome couple in my tryst with Anton had not seemed like a real possibility until now. How often does one meet not just one, but three people with the same proclivity for hot, casual sex? Rarely, I can tell you. And yet here we were, the four of us in the softly lit hotel room, Anton pulling me into his lap as we watched Cecile disappear into the bedroom.

He lost no time, slipping his fingers down the front of my jeans and working the buttons out of their tight holes. His hands searched down, grazing the landing strip I keep meticulously trimmed as he slid my jeans slowly over my hips, kicking them off to the side and leaving me in only my sheer halter top and pale pink thong. One hand moved up my inner thigh, its aim clear and I could tell that my pussy was wet and waiting for his attention. His first touch caused me to gasp, the quick intake of breath audible in the quiet room, and I realized that Jeff had returned and was sitting on the other couch as I heard him chuckle to himself. I noticed that he had unzipped his pants and was quietly stroking, patiently waiting for his wife to return.

Anton's light strokes were almost unbearable, so desperate was my body for his touch. As I struggled to maintain some control, I returned the favor by reaching behind me to his bulge, teasing him through his jeans until he simply let go of me to rip his own pants off, then pulled me back into his lap. My one last apprehension faded happily away as his huge cock came into view, and I let my imagination run with all the wonderful things I was going to do that monster all night.

Our excited strokes were matched in rhythm, and we were just settling into the tempo when the bedroom door opened and Cecile strode back into the living room. She wore the skin tight baby T, her creamy rock hard abs bared, and red lace boy shorts. And a pair of vinyl thigh-high stiletto boots. I moaned. Her husband did, too. Anton hardly noticed – his attention was entirely on my cunt, but I heard him murmur in pleasure as my body arched toward the gorgeous creature walking over to us. 

She smiled at me as I looked up at her, and I realized that the two of us were in complete control of the men. We could tell them to do anything and they'd respond without a second thought. I pulled away from Anton, out of his lap, and knelt on the floor, where she knelt in front of me. The men sat back into their couches, watching us, their hands absently stroking themselves. Cecile and I faced each other, in nothing but panties and barely there tops, her thigh-highs digging into the carpet behind her. Slowly, seductively, we removed our blouses, her peeling the baby T up away from those firm abs and finally releasing those heavy, succulent breasts, me untying the filmy halter behind my neck and letting it fall to my waist, letting my own tantalizing breasts into view before unzipping and removing the halter altogether. 

As one, we reached for the other's body, soft skin coming into contact with soft skin, my hands gently cupping her breasts, amazed at their perfection, even as she wrapped her hands around my narrow waist to pull me in against her. She looked into my eyes with a glittering smile, her breath warm and sweet, and then our lips were together, her beautiful mouth crushing mine and I could suddenly feel her urgency as much with my breath as with my fingers, roaming absently down between her legs and feeling the heat beneath the red boy shorts. 

She pulled slowly away, our lips lingering together until she was sitting back on her heels, still facing me, still tantalizingly close. She licked her lips and cocked her eyebrow, then rose up again onto her knees and slipped the boy shorts down her lithe thighs, her own brunette landing strip mirroring my blonde one, pulling the panties over the boots and letting them catch on one heel, dangling carelessly in the candlelight. Her husband, with a suddenly husky voice, told me to touch her, to feel how wet she was, and I happily obliged. With one hand reaching out to Anton's knee, balancing as I bent toward her, I caressed her solid stomach, swept across the short dark hair and lost myself in the wetness of her cunt. She was so ready to be fucked, I nearly came at the thought of it. She moaned at my touch, and aggressively pulled me in for another kiss, harder now, allowing me to trace my fingers around her pussy, soaking them in her moisture as her tongue found mine and we lost our breath.

I couldn't resist, then, and I slipped one fingertip inside of her. Just barely, just enough to penetrate that musky damp, but I heard her breath quicken and knew that she wanted more. Still locked to her mouth, I let my middle finger slide barely inside of her, and out again, repeating the motion slowly, letting just a bit more of my finger inside of her each time, feeling her muscles struggle to grip my thin finger and hold it inside. She was moaning now, arching toward me every time I fingered her, and she was so wet I couldn't control myself. I thrust my whole finger inside of her, then joined it with my ring finger on the next thrust. Her gasp was nearly a scream, but she reached down to grab my hand and force it harder and harder inside of herself, her kiss incredibly urgent.

I had forgotten the men were in the room at this point, so caught up was I in this amazing goddess riding my hands and my lips. But just as I was about to let my thumb tantalize her clit, her husband pulled her mouth away from mine and bent her backward toward him, his nine-inch cock now hard and swinging freely over her waiting lips. Only a little disappointed, I bent forward to go after what I'd really wanted all along from her – a taste of her wet pussy. One hand cupping her heavy round breast, I watched her swallow his intimidating length, expertly tonguing his shaft, and then I was on my hands and knees, my lips making their way up her creamy thigh.

By this point I was so wet that I was nearly dripping, and Anton, watching me make my way toward Cecile's cunt, couldn't handle being left out of the action any longer. He softly knelt behind me, lifting my hips with his muscular hands, and as my tongue eagerly entered her waiting lips, I felt the tip of his hard cock sliding its way down the crack of my ass toward my pussy. My whole body shivered with excitement, and I felt the aggressor in me take over as I reached behind me, put one hand on his hard ass, and pulled him toward me, forcing him to enter me all at once, filling me so fully that I cried out.

Hot with the rush of Anton's huge dick inside of me, I began to lick Cecile's clit as I fingered her pussy, lapping in rhythm with Anton's slow thrusts. I felt her slow the pace of her mouth as well, her graceful hands stroking her husband's length, and soon all four of us were grinding in the same languorous rhythm. The candlelight flickered and our heavy breathing was the only sound in the room. I looked around me as I lapped her wetness, her sweet taste intoxicating, and tried to memorize the picture, the beauty of our skin against one another, Anton's deep brown against my light tan, her milky white against her husband's bronze. Her husband's abs were so defined they'd qualify as a 10-pack, and I reached up to run my fingers along their ridges and grooves as she licked the tip of his penis. 

I let Anton control the speed of our rhythm, following his lead as he began to thrust into me just a bit harder, just a bit faster. His cock was hitting so many points of pleasure inside of me, it was making me almost dizzy. I began to fill her with two fingers again, watching her as she pulled Jeff in farther and farther, deep-throating his enormous cock with skill. She arched her hips into my mouth as Anton gave me a light slap on the ass. He spoke then, his voice rough, to Jeff, "Look at that ass. That is an amazing ass...," and soon both men were lavishing my pride and joy with compliments. But I didn't want compliments – I wanted physical attention, and so I raised my head from between her legs and told him he'd best spank me harder than that. 

A thrilled grin spread across his handsome face, and I knew that he liked being with a woman who knew what she wanted. He spanked me lightly again, and I taunted him, telling him to do it harder, harder, as hard as he could. Hesitation gave way to pleasure and soon his slaps were ringing through the room, my firm ass burning with the sting of his strong hands and my blood pulsing harder and harder with each slap. Cecile let go of her husband's cock now, and pulled away, rising to her knees to watch the game and to taunt Anton as well, my gasps louder and louder as the three of us spurred him to his full strength. I'd have bruises the next day but I didn't care, I was so turned on by his aggression and by the beautiful woman I could still taste on my lips. 
