 I had been good friends with April and her husband for many years and knew they enjoyed a very healthy and adventurous sex life. She was a hot little thing with lovely smooth olive coloured skin and a nice figure, not too skinny, but with full breasts and nice round ass and hips and a very slight sexy belly. Over the time I had known her I had several intimate discussions with April about her sex life with her husband and one day also had an interesting conversation with her husband. We had somehow got onto the topic about women shaving their pubic hair and I found the nerve to ask him about April and whether or not she shaved her pussy. He gave me a funny look and then smiled, "No, she has never shaved her pussy." I was surprised and hoped that I had not offended him by asking, then he went on, "There has never been anything to shave." 

Somewhat puzzled I looked at him and said, "What do you mean?" He went on to tell me that April had never grown any pubic hair on her body and her pussy was completely bald and that her arms and legs were also free of hair. "Wow, that must be amazing", I told him and from that moment on I could think of nothing else other than April's naturally naked pussy. 

A few days after this conversation, her husband called me at home and told me he had something to ask me. I listened as he went on to say, "April and I have discussed this and we were wondering if you would you be interested in joining us for an evening?" 

It took me a while to grasp what he had said and I asked, "An evening of what?"

Her husband continued, "Well, that is up to you I guess, but we would love you to join us for a threesome one night, April would love us both to have sex with her". I sat there for a bit as I took in what was being said and imagined being with them both and all of us being naked. Could I go through with something like that, could I actually fuck April in front of her husband, would we both ejaculate inside her or on her pussy or be using condoms. 

It was so much to think about, then just as he asked me to think about it and let them know, I said, "I'd love to."

When I got off the phone my head was spinning and I immediately lay on my bed and jerked myself off and had the greatest orgasm, just thinking of all the different possible scenarios. The next day April called and asked if I'd like to come for an after dinner drink on Saturday around 7, with no mention of anything else, until the end of the conversation when she joked, "Don't forget to shave and shower and I don't just mean to shave your face, see you on Saturday at seven", and she was gone.

Saturday arrived not nearly quick enough and I spent the afternoon showering and shaving my balls. I also trimmed my pubic hair nice and short so that my cock looked a little bigger was and nice and clean. I hadn't shaven my balls in a while and had forgotten how good it felt and how much hornier it made me feel. I spent the late afternoon trying to resist jerking off every time I thought about what might happen that evening. 

Then the time arrived when April opened the front door and I stepped inside their house for a much anticipated threesome. April was just going upstairs for a shower when I got inside and her husband and I sat and had a beer. We talked about a lot of things, but there was no mention of any threesome, until April came back downstairs and told us to get ready and she went back upstairs with her robe on. We both followed her up and my stomach was all knotted with nerves as we entered their bedroom and I saw April sitting on the edge of the bed. Her husband began to undress and I just stood there as April got up and slipped out of her robe, revealing to me for the first time her stunningly smooth naked body. Her skin was beautiful and she had a lovely round ass and great firm breasts, but so far I could not really see her pussy. Her husband was soon also naked and he turned and opened a drawer on the dresser and pulled out a pair of white pantyhose, "Can you wear these?" he asked her. 

Then April turned to me and said, "You okay with me wearing pantyhose?" 

"Sure", I told her and I watched as she sat back down on the bed and her husband began to roll up the legs and slip them over her feet. 

"You can get naked as well", said April and so I started to undress. 

Once naked I felt awkward that my cock was already semi hard and I felt a little silly standing there, but then April's husband said to me, "Why don't you do this" and he moved out of the way and left April's pantyhose on her feet as I stepped forward and took hold of them. April lay back on the bed and for the first time my eyes feasted on her hairless pussy, which looked lovely and plump and soft. Her legs were closed and I could see where her smooth stomach seamlessly blended into the fleshy mound of her pussy and disappeared down between her thighs. I slipped the pantyhose up her smooth legs and all the way up over her thighs, then she stood up and helped me pull them up over her ass until they were tight around her hips. 

As I was pulling her pantyhose up my cock had stiffened and was now close to fully erect, then as April noticed this she reached down and took hold of my shaft and leaned forward letting the tip of my cock rub against the white nylon that was now covering her pussy. Her husband then got onto the bed and lay back holding his cock and I watched as April got up on the bed and lowered her head down over his semi erect shaft and began sucking him off. 

She sucked the head of his cock into her mouth and gently began to jerk him off as she knelt on the bed with her nylon covered ass directly in front of me. She looked amazing with her ass cheeks wrapped in the tight white nylon and I could clearly see her plump pussy lips between her legs. I got up on the bed behind her and held her hips in my hands, letting my cock rest on the nylon between her cheeks, but was unsure what to do next, so I simply caressed her ass cheeks with my hands and let the tip of my cock rub across them. 

April then lifted her head up off her husbands cock and lay down on her back in the middle of the bed and I watched as her husband started stroking his fingers up and down over her pussy and was rubbing his hands up and down the insides of her nylon covered thighs. I lay down on the bed beside her and stroked her stomach and fondled her breasts, then once more relaxed I looked down at her pussy and then placed one hand on her right thigh, feeling the smooth nylon and then began to lightly brush my fingertips over her pussy. 

Her pussy looked nice and plump and the pantyhose were tight enough that they were in between her lips and pushing them apart slightly. Her husband then leaned over and kissed the front of her pantyhose as April drew in a deep breath and then she looked at to me to do the same. I leaned forward until my face was above her pussy and then opened my mouth slightly and kissed her soft mound and let my tongue brush over the smooth nylon. 

We both kissed and licked around her pussy for a few minutes until the nylon covering it became damp with our saliva. Then as I lifted my head up one time, her husband put his hands on either side of her pussy and I saw him gather the nylon in his fingers, then he suddenly tore open the front of her pantyhose, exposing her pussy. 

She had clean smooth pussy lips that were a little swollen and wet and my cock was growing harder all the time at the sight of her lying there with her pantyhose ripped open and her pussy exposed. Her husband soon started to rub his fingers over her naked pussy and open her lips ever so slightly. This made her pussy glisten with her juices as he ran his wet fingers around her pussy then I watched as he went down and licked in between her spread lips. Again he turned to me and I wasted no time in leaning forward and licking between her lovely pink lips, tasting her warm sweet juices. A few more licks and my tongue had nestled in between her lips and coated them in saliva. I continued to lick up and down between her lips as her thighs parted a little wider and her husband lay down beside her on the bed. 

After a few minutes her husband raised her left thigh and I watched as his rigid cock appeared up between her legs, rubbing against the inside of her thigh and eventually bumping up against the crotch of her pantyhose. He clearly wanted to fuck her right away and I was more than okay with that, getting to see her pussy fucked at such close range would indeed be a pleasure. 

I licked down over her pussy once more, leaving as much saliva on her lips as I could, then put my fingers into the hole of her pantyhose and ripped them open a little wider. As soon as I had done that I promptly saw his cock slide up over her wet lips and then attempt to nuzzle in between them. His thick red tip pushed over her lips several times as he tried to push the tip inside her pussy. As he moved his cock back and forth to try and penetrate her, his cock slid up over her pussy and through the hole in her pantyhose, pushing up against the tight nylon from the inside. 

April reached down with her hand and guided the tip down into her wet hole. His cock then slipped in between her moist lips and he pushed gently into her pussy. As his hips started to move his cock sank deeper and deeper into her with each gentle stroke. It was a great sight to see, especially from only a few inches away and also made me feel kinkier by the second. 

Once his cock had penetrated her fully, I started kissing her thighs and stomach, then began licking carefully around her clit and kissing her smooth mound. I could think of nothing kinkier than eating her pussy as it was being fucked by her husband. Except maybe one additional thing; if he were to cum inside her. Once this thought was in my head, I could think of nothing else other than her pussy getting pumped full of cum and seeing him cum on her belly and all over the front of her pantyhose. I licked cautiously around her clit and lips, then kissed her soft belly as April became more aroused and her husband continued fucking her slowly. I would watch him withdraw almost completely, then his cock would glide back inside her until his balls pressed against her pantyhose. 

Every few minutes his cock would slip out of her pussy and I would take the opportunity of eating her warm wet hole. As I slid my tongue up in between her hot, wet lips, I could taste that her juices were sweeter than before. Then as I licked and sucked at her soft lips, I could feel the tip of his cock push back against her lips and slip easily back into her pussy. 

Each time I felt his cock near my mouth, I moved away quickly, but the more it happened it began to really turn me on. A few times I felt my tongue touch the shaft of his cock, but I was already sucking her pussy as he was fucking, so it didn't bother me. This time I did not move my mouth away, but kept it open and continued to lick and suck around her clit and push my tongue down between her lips. The long deep strokes had suddenly become slightly quicker and the fingers on his hand that held her thigh, gripped more firmly. I moved my head back from her pussy to look up at his face and realised then that we were in for some action. 

His eyes were now closed and his face flushed red. April was also moving around more on the bed and my own cock was now fully erect and throbbing hard. As April moaned louder, his cock pumped faster and I really wondered if they were both going to cum and the same time. April suddenly went still and held her breath for maybe 5 or 10 seconds and her thigh muscles all tensed up. As she did this, his cock began longer harder strokes into her pussy and I found myself unable to take my eyes off his cock, just in case I missed anything. I would lick her pussy briefly, up around her clit, then look down to see if he was about to cum. 

April seemed more relaxed and I assumed that she had had an orgasm of some degree, when she started to raise her hips up and down on the bed again. Her husband pumped his cock into her quite rapidly a few times and then I saw the skin around his balls tighten up and the base of his cock begin to pulse. I put my mouth down onto her pussy again and licked up over her lips and slightly down onto the shaft of his cock as he held his cock deep inside her. Sure that he was cumming inside her I poked the tip of my tongue between her lips and could feel his cock pulsing against my tongue, then suddenly I could taste the sperm as it filled her pussy and began to ooze out around his cock. 

I had never tasted sperm before and never thought that I would, but was so turned on as her pussy was being pumped full right in front of me, that I really wanted to eat her cum filled hole. He was clearly still shooting his cum into her pussy at this point and as his cock pumped the hot liquid into her pussy, he started slow shallow strokes. April then let out a big sigh and then I waiting. His cock was slipping further out of her pussy with each stroke and then I noticed a thin coating of sperm on the shaft as his cock as he pushed in and out of her. As he pushed into her once more, his shaft bent and his semi-hard cock slid out of her pussy, then flopped down between her lips and lay on the front of her pantyhose. I moved my head back as his cock lay there and the last few spurts sent cum up onto her belly and pantyhose. 

The cum was thick and very white as I watched it pool on her belly and sit like a thick gel on the nylon. Just as I thought he was done, a few more small spurts soaked the front of her pantyhose and started to run down between her legs. He then rolled onto his back on the bed, his cock slid down over her pussy, leaving a trail of sperm as April's thighs closed together. As soon as he had moved out of the way and her legs had closed, I leaned forward moving my mouth down close to her pussy and kissed the front of her pantyhose, letting my tongue poke down between her cum soaked lips and tasting the warm cum on her pussy. 

April quickly opened her thighs and I licked her wet lips several times from the entrance of her hole, up over her clit and into the small pool of cum on her pantyhose. This made me want to cum so badly and my cock harder than ever. I had always fantasised about fucking a woman's pussy immediately after she had been filled with cum and now seemed to be my best chance of doing it. I was also very close to cumming, so I took April's thighs and parted them once more, delighted at the look of her cum covered pussy and belly. 

The taste of cum on my lips was driving me crazy and I was desperate to cum so I put my hands under her knees and lifted her thighs up, then shuffled my knees up close to her ass and held her thighs around my waist, resting on my hips. The feel of her nylon covered thighs around my waist was almost enough to make me cum, then I noticed that the cum inside her was starting to trickle out and soak into her pantyhose. I held my cock and pushed the head down onto her cum soaked mound, rubbing it back and forth in the pool of warm sperm and then rubbed the head across the tight nylon. I smeared the cum all over the front of her pussy with the head of my cock and then April reached down and with her fingertips and began to stroke the tip of my cock. 

She held the tip tightly and I could feel the slippery warm cum on her fingers. She then dipped the palm of her hand into the pool of cum on her belly and then wrapped her wet fingers around my shaft and began to jerk me off. I looked down to see my cock covered in cum and realised that this was bringing me very close to cumming. I took hold of my cock and pushed the head down towards her pussy, then seeing some of the thick cum spilling from her pussy, I put my cock down and scooped up the cum on my tip and pushed deep inside her hot, slippery hole. I leaned forward and started to fuck her pussy, feeling the hot liquid inside her and watching as it spilled out of her with each stroke. 

April's hand was down inside her pantyhose and she began to play with her clit as I fucked her. Her pussy was so smooth and slick that as I fucked her, my cock would slip out of her hole and up over the nylon, sometimes slipping down inside her pantyhose. She would then grip my cock tightly and start jerking me off fast and hard, almost as though she wanted me to cum on her pussy and belly. I was eager to cum inside her, so I pushed my cock back into her pussy and start fucking her again. This happened several times and each time I was getting closer to cumming and her husband was paying close attention to see what was about to happen. 

Then as I was fucking her pussy and thinking that I was ready to cum inside her, my cock slipped out and April took hold of the shaft and began to jerk me off. I let out a low moan as I felt my orgasm start, but April kept on jerking me slowly, then as I was trying to penetrate her again a powerful jet of sperm shot up and splashed onto her stomach and then began to shoot out onto the front of her pantyhose. April quickly pushed my cock down towards her pussy as my cum spurted out into her hand and across her pussy, then she managed to get the tip pressed up against her wet lips and I pushed forward and was back inside her again. 

Once inside her pussy I pushed my cock as deep as possible into her and lay down on top of her. My cock continued to fill her with cum as I lay there quite still, but in ecstasy knowing that her sweet pussy was now full with two separate loads of sperm. I could feel the full weight of my body on her and once my orgasm had subsided enough, I pushed myself up off her and looked down at the mess between her thighs. I slowly started to withdraw my still rigid cock and just as the head slipped out of her pussy I could see that she was indeed full of cum, my cock dripping with cum as I held it over her pussy. 

Her pussy lips remained open and she was now full of cum, so as my cock began to soften, I pushed the head of my cock down into her cum filled hole and could feel the hot liquid cover my tip. I then sat back on the bed and looked down at her cum covered pussy, her husband put his arm under her left thigh and began to rub his fingers across her wet pussy lips and dip his fingers inside her wet pussy. He stroked all around her inner thighs and over her smoothly shaven lips, leaving a slick coating of cum all over her. 

I lay down on the bed beside her and looked at the remainder of the sperm on her stomach and decided to do the same. I placed my hand flat on her stomach in the pool of cum and began to smear it around her belly and down inside her pantyhose. I was amazed at how quickly the cum soaked into her skin and became sticky to the touch as it dried. Then without thinking too much about it, I lay down on my stomach on the bed with my head between her thighs and gazed at a thick trail of white sperm on her pantyhose that looked very kinky indeed and before I knew it, I began to kiss the front of her cum soaked pantyhose. The cum was all over my lips and as I kissed her, I let my mouth open and began to taste the cum, then before I knew what I was doing, I was licking and sucking at the cum on her pussy and her pantyhose. 

I had never done this before and had not really thought about it until right now, but I was feeling so kinky that it seemed like the thing to do. Her husband clearly felt the same as he also started to lick the cum that was on the insides of her thighs and when I moved out of the way, he also began to suck at her cum filled pussy. As he ate her pussy, I licked at the trails of sperm on her pantyhose and then as my tongue reached the waist of her pantyhose, I saw the pool of sperm on her belly and dipped my tongue into it. I was literally sucking the cum from her belly now and then my tongue found her belly button and I realised that our cum had pooled quite deeply there. As her husband sucked the cum from inside her warm pussy, I pushed my lips into her cum filled belly button and started to suck the sperm into my mouth, swallowing it as I went. I cleaned her belly button out with the tip of my tongue and then licked all around her lower stomach. 
