 Back a few years ago when I was a younger man in the service. I was stationed in the Midwest very near a college town. Now at this time we were involved in something called the Vietnam War and if you were in the active service and near a college town you would not think to get lucky in any way shape or form. I am here to tell you that for this airman it just was not true.....

One day we were sitting around the recreation room in the barracks. Some of the other guys were griping about the fact that they just could not seem to find any young ladies willing to fulfill there lustful needs or desires. I said that was funny I hadn't seemed to have any trouble at all finding young ladies. This was meant with out right disbelief and other choice phrases.

It might have been being over twenty-one and able to get into the local bars and clubs that helped. Anyway it ended up one of the guys wanted me to show him so I agreed.

So after chow we got dressed in civvies (street clothes) for you non military personnel. Then headed off to town not ours which was so small you could throw a rock from one end of its main street to the other. I had picked up an old Buick right after I hit base so I could get around it was a great car, so big you could lay down in the back seat.

I drove down to the college town that was really two grown together looking for a spot. I could hear the music two blocks away, so I drove until I saw the club. You could just tell this might be a good spot from all the cars and people hanging around. We parked and headed for the door.

Just as we were paying the cover charge the guy I was with; I found out wasn't old enough to get in. While he was trying to talk the guy into looking the other way; this hot young blonde came through the door almost falling into me. As I grabbed her to support her, I got a big hand full of breast, she looked up at me smiling saying something about how sorry she was and thanking me and are you coming in because I think I am going home with you tonight. I looked at my buddy and said "I guess I am not coming in, because it doesn't look like my friend is going to get in. But she was more than welcome to take me home with her." She giggled taking my arm as my friends mouth dropped opened we turned and headed for my car. I tossed my keys to my younger friend saying "You are old enough to drive aren't you?" He caught them grinning and said "Yeah I am old enough."

We got in, him in the driver's seat us in the back. It felt like we were in the back of a limo the back seat of that old Buick was that big. He asked me where to go I told him to find a liquor store where we could get something to drink.

I realized that at this point I didn't even know her name even though we were now locked in a deep kiss and my hands were freely exploring her ripe body. As I reach out unbuttoning her blouse. I said "my name is Bill if you'd care to know and my friend driving is Chris." She said my name is Kathy with a K." As we kissed again I fumbled with the clasp of her black bra before freeing her rather ample breasts there small hard nipples exposed to the street lamps. As I felt the car pull up into a drive Chris had found a liquor store parking lot. He pulled around back as I asked Kathy what she preferred to drink she answered anything. So I said "Well Chris is too young and you're half undressed all I have is a big hard-on so I guess I'll have to go buy the booze."

I reached over opening the door to the car as Chris was staring at Kathy's gorgeous tits I smiled at her as she started to cover them I said "Ahh at least you could let him look at them, please." She looked up at me with mischievous twinkle in her eyes saying I guess he can look?" opening her blouse to show Chris her big tits. I said "They are so beautiful aren't they Chris!" he mumbled something as I closed the door and walked to the store.

Inside I grabbed two twelve packs of cold beer some ice and asked for a pint of Ever Clear; which for those of you that don't know is, one hundred and eighty proof pure grain alcohol, white lighting. I paid the guy behind the counter he grinned at me and I headed back to the car.

Once in the back seat with Kathy I bent to kiss her nipple which was still very hard I ask Chris if his dick was as hard as Kathy's nipple. He gulped saying "No it is harder." I told him "You should show her!" so he whipped it out to show Kathy. He had a nice looking cock about seven inches long and almost purple. I fondled Kathy's breasts while pinching her nipples Chris started jerking his rod until I said "We need to find a better place to play than this parking lot. And it looks like Chris needs a young lady of his own." 

I asked Kathy if we could go to her place since the base was out of the question she said she lived in a place with a house mother and no visitors were allowed in the rooms. So I said that it sounded like we should just go park if she could find a friend for Chris or we could get a motel room. We'd all popped a beer by now and Chris had stuffed his dick away while Kathy began playing with mine. Chris started the car and pulled out. 

Kathy suggested we go by her place to see if anyone was around that wanted to go out with Chris. She gave Chris directions as my tongue circled her nipple and my other hand massaged her other breast. Her free hand had now found my zipper tugging it down freeing my own eight inch rod.

Her breathing was getting a little ragged as my attention increased on her breasts, but she was able to get Chris to the front of the house she lived in. As he pulled up we broke apart and I helped to get her clothes back together. As she got out of the car I told her to grab the first girl she could find for Chris and hurry back.

She came back about ten minutes later alone saying no one was in right now but maybe in an hour or two. I told Chris to drive out to the country and we could have a few drinks and get to know each other better. He started up the Buick and I started up Kathy taking her bottle of beer and pouring a good shot of Ever Clear into it. Not that she really needed it.

I grew hard again as her hand went into my pants stroking me as she sipped her beer. We kissed as I worked her buttons open then her bra once more I could see Chris trying to watching in the mirror and hoped he wouldn't wreck my car as Kathy undid my pants pulling them down around my knees giving her free access to my pulsing cock. Her hand felt so warm rapped around my shaft. She tilted her head back draining the last of her beer then handing me the empty. She when straight for my cock stuffing all she could into her wet mouth her tongue swirling around its head and the under side as she sucked on it like it was a missile popsicle. She found her rhythm as Chris found a place to pull over shutting the motor off. For a moment all I could hear was the slurping sounds Kathy was making sucking my cock I looked up to see Chris had turned around in the front seat to see Kathy's head bobbing in my lap. 

I reached down pulling her skirt up over her ass exposing her black panties to Chris, as I toasted him with my beer; I rubbed her nice firm ass with my hand. I could tell Chris was not just watching us in the back because I could see his arm moving in time to Kathy's head.

I took a hit off my beer wondering how I was going to get Chris fucked if he blew his wad all over my front seat watching Kathy suck my cock. So I just reached up and pulled Kathy's panties down over her ass to her thighs as my hand slapped her ass cheek she moaned around my cock and sucked harder quickening her pace. I moved turning Kathy's ass to face Chris. Chris's eyes almost popped out as he saw her naked pussy facing him. My hand smacked her again and again; then moved to feel her wet slit.

Her aroma filled the air making me want to fill her mouth. Chris was groaning in the front seat as I fingered Kathy's cunt. She was moaning around my aching cock. I told her Chris was about to blow his nuts watching her get finger fucked and suck my cock. She was so wet you could hear the sounds of my hand stuffing her tight cunt, as Chris jerked himself off. I pulled Kathy around so she was on the seat and motioned for Chris to come over behind her he almost jumped over the back seat. Then got up behind her as I slipped one wet finger in her tight ass, Chris wanted to bury his meat deep in her cunt but as he tried she put her hand back pushing him away. Shaking her head back and forth mouth still on my cock, I figured she wanted me in her first but she just kept sucking my cock. Chris started jerking off again behind her on his knees his cock over the crack of her ass.

Looking at the scene Kathy's head bobbing in my lap Chris's eyes rolling back in his head I knew I was about to fill her mouth with my cum. She must have felt me twitch because at that point I felt her cunt squeeze down on my fingers as she moaned. I saw the first shot of cum squirt out of Chris's cock arching to land in Kathy's crack. Kathy jumped as Chris's hot cum hit her ass triggering her own climax as he shot more spurts of his cum around her ass from his still pulsing cock. It was all too much for me as I pulled her head back squirting my own load into her open mouth then stuffing her head back down to let her suck up the last spasms. She swallowed every drop then licked me clean.

Chris lay back against one door and I against the other as Kathy curled up in my lap licking my softening cock. I brushed her hair back and said "Wow that was hot watching Chris cum all over your ass like that, while you were giving me one great blowjob!" 

I reached out and grabbed some beers opening one for Kathy and me handing one to Chris. Kathy moved up resting her head on my chest facing Chris. I reached for the bottle of Ever Clear again pouring a shot in everyone's bottle. So here we were out on an old country road Kathy had lost her blouse it lay on the floor, her bra hung open by only the shoulder straps, breasts bared. Chris had left his pants and shoes in the front seat, his soft cock now almost hiding in blonde curls. My pants were rapped around my ankles as worked them the rest of the off along with my shoes. The front of Kathy's skirt was just covering her nether region. While I could feel Chris's cum from her ass on my leg. I pulled her skirt up exposing her darker blonde muff Chris reached out to slide her panties the rest of the way off over her heels. I reached down running my hand in between her moist thighs opening them to Chris's view.

I said "I bet you can't drink your beer before Chris's cock is hard again Kathy." 

While my finger found her clit I stroked along its side then circled it slipping down to her moist opening then back up and past it again; I brought my wet finger to my mouth to suck her juices as my other hand circled her hard nipple. She sipped her beer. 

Her breathing was picking up again as her eyes half closed she was enjoying the feeling; the pleasures my hands were giving her body. She became wetter each time my hand went to her open cunt. Her clit grew larger as it exposed its self from the folds of pink flesh. Her pearl was glistening in the pale light of the car. I look up to see the lust on Chris's face as he watched me masturbate this young lady in front of him. I knew he wanted to reach out and join me as my own cock was beginning to stiffen against her ass cheek. This must have sent a massage to her fogged brain. Because her eyes came open to see Chris's eye's glued to her dripping pussy and his cock standing stiff again.

I said "I guess you lost his cock is hard and you haven't even drank your beer." We all laughed then she began to chug her beer. 

I asked her if she thought anyone had come in yet. Just then a car passed; I suggested we get some place more private and comfortable like a motel. They both agreed Chris got out and went to the front seat got his pants on as I work on Kathy's swollen clit. As the car started Kathy started cumming again. We drove back to town with Kathy cumming again and again on my hand by the time we reached her place my fingers were beginning to prune. I helped her up as her climaxes subsided removing her bra. Handing her, her blouse, I held up her bra and panties and tossed them to Chris. She buttoned her blouse then half ran up to the house.

The house was dark but soon we saw a light come on the third floor then go out after a few minutes then another this one stayed on longer but went out too. Then in a few minutes down the steps she came with a small suitcase in one hand. She got in the car and said "I am really sorry but nobody wants to come out at least the ones that are here."

I said "That's too bad for them we can still have fun though right." They both agreed.

I Said to Chris "To a motel James and step on it I have a very hard cock I wish to bury in this young women's cunny! Quick now or you shan't be allowed to watch." 

Kathy giggled while Chris laughed and replied "Oh please sir I will hurry, I will!"

With that he pulled away and I flipped Kathy's skirt back up while kissing her. I pushed her back against the door, and then reached over to lock it; I didn't want her falling out now. Then lifting her leg up to the back of the seat I went straight for her pussy. I pulled her to my mouth as I covered her wet slit with the flat of my tongue licking from the rosebud of her tart asshole right thru her pussy up and over her clit. I could feel her shudder as the car found the highway and the lights flashed by.

I continued to feast at her treasure licking, kissing, sucking every centimeter of her pink wet flesh until she was squirming in my arms breathing hard and crying "Oh god yes, yes, yes I am cumming I am cumming......." It seemed she might have pasted out as she had one last almost violent climax then just slumped in my arms. Her breathing slowed as I softly licked her till her legs wrapped around me with her arms pulling me up to her, kissing my mouth.

I felt the car slow as we hit the off ramp of the highway looking up I could see the neon light of the Holiday Inn as Chris pulled around the side just out of view of the office. As I finished pulling on my pants and shoes I stuffed my shirt in to my pants; as I got out of the passenger side of the car.

I walked up to the office and rang the night bell. An older gentleman came to the window. I asked if I could get a room for my wife and I tonight, he laughed and said "Sure that'll be $19.95." pushing the registration card under the glass window I gave him a twenty dollar bill and the card after I filled it out he gave me a nickel and a key to room 169.

Saying "Have a good night." as he turned and walked away turning out the light and the vacancy sign.

I walked back to the car my hard-on having softened some. Opened the door and got in next to Kathy who had rearranged her self. I told Chris the room number as they both smiled. He pulled out of the parking space then drove down to the room parking again in front. There was a 24 hour gas station quickie mart at the corner, so before we went to the room Kathy and I went over to it and grabbed a twelve pack of beer, as Chris took the other stuff into the room. He went down to the ice machine with the bucket from the room. 

As Kathy and I sat on the bed sucking on beers I had opened and poured some Ever Clear into, but to be honest a little more in hers than in mine. I began to undress her again but stopped and said "Maybe we should wait for Chris after all I told him if he hurried he could watch me stuff your tight pussy full of hard cock." So we sat waited for Chris sipping our beers. We just kissed.

The room had a king size bed with a night table on either side and two chairs with a round table in between at the foot of the bed next to the wall; a sink on the other wall with a door leading to the toilet and shower.

There was a knock at the door I got up to let Chris in with the bucket of ice. We put the beer and ice in the sink. While he opened one for himself he took one of the chairs as I went back to Kathy on the bed.

I took a long pull on my beer then leaned over to kiss Kathy full on the mouth. I saw Chris lifting Kathy's panties to his face breathing in there pungent aroma. I took Kathy by the hand pulling her up from the bed I reached over to turn the room radio on some soft rock from the college radio station came out thru the speaker filling the room. I took her in my arms as we danced to the music swaying slowly. The song ended as our hips were grinding together we kissed as the disc jockey announced the next song it was as fast one something they might play in a club where thy had girls dancing. It gave me an idea and I pulled the round table out a ways then helped Kathy step up onto the table as the commercials ended and the song came on.

The table was solid with four legs, Kathy was just short enough not to be to close to the ceiling she was about 5'3". She had long blonde hair down to the middle of her back, big brown cow eyes you could almost fall into. Nice full red lips and light freckles I could now see, or saw, for the first time it was the first time I had really taken the time to look at her. As she danced to the music I told her to strip because she had lost our bet earlier. She looked at me and started unbuttoning her blouse again not having her bra, I had given that and her panties to Chris earlier, and she had a bare chest in short order. Her large tit bouncing to the rhythm they looked to be 36 or 38 D's very firm with a very flat tummy and even more freckles! She threw her blouse at me landing on my head. Now she worked the skirt first turning her back to us then flipping it so her tight round ass with Chris's dried cum still on it and more of those freckles could be seen. Then she turned again to face us flipping the front up to show us her big blonde bush darker than her hair and very curly. Her legs were bare and covered with freckles too her feet in hi heels. She dropped the skirt to the table then stepping out of it flipped it to me with one foot. There she danced naked before two men she had only meant hours earlier as the song ended. Another began she looked at and said "Your turn now Bill."

She stayed on the table as I started unbuttoning my shirt pulling it from my pants. I slipped out of my shoes very nicely I thought, well I didn't fall over. Kathy waived at Chris saying "You too."

Chris got up pulling his shirt over his head he'd already kicked his shoes and socks off. We stood next to each other undoing our fly's Chris with blonde hair almost white and blue eyes with very fine chest hair. I have brown waive hair and lots of dark chest hair with dark blue eyes. As our fly's opened our cocks bounced out together mine just a bit larger than Chris's but his almost purple in color we worked out of our pants as we watched Kathy and she watched us. Our heads were just even with her hips and ass. As the song ended I told Kathy she should have Chris wash her ass where he left his cum or maybe make him lick it off.

As I walked up to the table kissing the front of her thighs then nuzzled her slit with my nose. With out saying a word Chris walked around back of her I pushed her back to him as he started licking his own dried cum from Kathy's ass I smiled up at her as I passed her, her beer and put a finger in her pussy. Kathy spread her legs to get my finger deeper into her as Chris tongue washed her fine ass and upper thighs. As he had his tongue licking the crack of her ass I had worked four fingers up into her pussy with my thumb working her clit she was still kind of dancing bending her knees and rotating her ass in time to the music as I pushed my hand up to meet her. Chris and my cocks were rock hard, mine bouncing on the table top. It was time to fuck this sweet pussy as she came again her juices flowing over my hand.
