 It was a slow Tuesday night, even if it was early for my shift. As I began my second set on stage I knew my night was going to turn for the better as soon as John walked through the door. He flashed his VIP card at the bouncer and moved to one of the barstools. I wasn't sure he had noticed me yet, but as soon as the cold beer was set before him, he swiveled around and I knew I had his undivided attention. He always sat at the bar when he came to the Club, because our rules dictate that we do not approach customers for dances if they are sitting there.

As my first song ended and the second song began, I took my time in removing my bikini top. I knew how much he loved this outfit - black and white polka dots barely covering anything at all. The strings hung loosely as I bent forward, gyrating my hips to the beat, wobbling them slightly from side to side. His smile was beautiful and warm as I could see him nervously squirming around on the barstool. I'm not sure how old John is, but I'm thinking about early 40's. He was wearing a suit and tie, looking so handsome, but best of all I know he is loaded! Yes, John is a CEO of a marketing firm here in Denver. He comes all the way down here to see me, usually spending between two- and three-hundred dollars dancing with me. Funny, but he likes to slow dance with me more than he likes for me to table dance him.

I watched as he slid off the stool and walked towards my stage. There were three other men sitting around my stage with their dollars ready to tip me, but I knew what John would slip in my g-string. I bent forward and covered his head with my hair while whispering into his ear how happy I was that he was here to see me. He is always so nervous when he's this close to me and has trouble finding the right words to respond to me; his comments always come out jumbled. Smiling, I told him he was mine for the evening and not to even think about letting any of the other girls near him. I knew he wouldn't; he was there for me - just me and no one else.

Removing the two twenty dollar bills he had tucked into my g-string, I let them fall to the floor as I finished the dance, catering to the three young men waiting their turn to tip me. I always make sure to thank them, no matter how small the tip. He might just be testing me to see if I'm only after his money, but I'm too good at what I do to let that happen. The one guy, Tony, told me to come to his table and he would tip me very well. Maybe.

As my set ended, I picked up the money from the stage, as well as my bikini top, and covered my breasts as I stepped off the stage. I know how I affect men as well as women. I may be almost 35 years old, but I've never had anyone guess I'm more than 28. Last year I had my breasts done, not bigger or smaller, just firmed up. I've always been blessed with very large breasts. Exercise and good diet has kept the rest of my body looking more like a fitness fanatic than a stripper. As I sat next to John, I smiled warmly and tied the spaghetti straps behind my back. 'You don't have to put that thing on just for me,' John offered.

'Dance with me, sweetie,' I told him, 'and I'll make sure I leave indentations in your chest.' He's never said no to me when I ask him to dance.

We aren't supposed to allow our hips to touch when we dance with the customers, but I'm a favorite here and they pretty much let me do whatever I want. I wrapped my arms around his neck and nuzzled my lips up against his ear as we moved to the music. 'Lisa, I am so glad you are here tonight and spending your time with me,' he said.

Slipping my fingers through his hair, I whispered how much I loved dancing with him and how much I'd missed him coming to see me. He had previously told me he's not married and I believed him; he shares so much of his life with me - that's why I believe him. 

I moved my hips closer to him as I felt his hands on my bare back sliding down to the base of my spine. 'Hmmm. I love to dance with you, John, and I can tell how much you like to dance with me.' He knew what I was talking about, as his hard cock pressed into my tummy. Giggling in his ear, I lightly kissed his earlobe.

The song ended and he gripped me tightly, continuing to dance with me. He always dances two in a row with me. 'You are so beautiful tonight, Lisa,' he told me. 'You know how much I love this outfit on you, don't you.' 

I pressed my boobs deeper into his chest and let out a couple of little grunts. 'Is it the outfit, or these?' I teased. The next song began and I once again melted into his arms. I love the change of pace dancing with him. Usually, it's young guys wanting table dances and buying me drinks and telling me how important they are, etc. I like them too, but whenever John comes in, I know I'm in for a wonderful evening of warmth and cold hard cash.

As we walked back to his place at the bar, I held his hand tightly in mine, letting him know that I didn't want to be with anyone else but him tonight. As I sat beside him at the bar, I crossed my legs to where they touched his, knowing how much he liked it. 'Can I buy you something to drink?' he asked.

Nodding, I told him how much I'd love a Bailey's over ice. When it arrived, I put my finger in it and brought it to my lips, coating them with the milky white liquid. Knowing I had his complete attention doing that, I licked my lips clean with my tongue. He was a very oral man, I could tell. It was almost like he was in pain as he watched me do it. Suddenly, he remembered and dug in his pocket, withdrawing his money clip stuffed with cash. The top bill was a twenty as was the second and the third. He folded the three bills over once and slipped them under my glass. 'Thank you for the dances,' he smiled.

As the next dancer climbed up onto the stage, I looked around the mostly empty room. 'John, do you want to shoot some pool?' I asked. His face brightened as he nodded and we moved to the back of the club to play a game or two. There were two young black men playing already, but that didn't matter to me. As soon as they saw me approach the table, they stopped and waited for me to say something. 

'My friend and I would like to play partners, if you don't mind a little competition,' I offered.

'Rack 'em, honey,' came the reply. John handed me the quarters and I took my time going through the motions of setting the table for the impending game. Just before I set the rack in its appropriate place, I raised the eight ball to my lips and kissed it for just for luck. My ears were rewarded with, 'Fuck!' from one of the guys we were going to play.

As L.L. took his position to break, he looked down the table at me, showing rows of pearly white teeth. 'What we playing for, Tits?' the large, dark man asked.

John started to say something to counter the crude remark, but I put my arm around his neck and lightly kissed him on the cheek. 'What do you have in mind?' I drawled.

Myron, his partner, suddenly took an interest in what was going on, as L.L. sauntered around to where I was standing and looked me over very thoroughly. 'If Myron and I win, you dump your boyfriend and party with us tonight.'

'And, if we win,' I drawled, 'you hand over $200 and buy the next round of drinks.'

Both of them shouted, 'deal,' but I wasn't through with the negotiations yet.

'But, if you win, John comes along too!' John suddenly voiced his say, as he blurted out, 'Lisa, are you crazy?' I chalked the tip of my cue and blew the dust off towards L.L. and told him to go ahead and break. He sank two stripes on the break, and the two of them went through the hand motions of acknowledging their road to victory.

As L.L. prepared to shoot the next ball, I adjusted the bikini straps on my top, causing my boobs to wobble around noticeably. L.L. missed the shot. John was next, and missed. Myron brushed by me as he moved to set up for the next shot. The toothpick in his teeth didn't make him seem as cool as he thought it would, but that didn't stop him from pretending it did. 'This next shot is dedicated to your ample assets, girlie,' he stated With that he drove the cue ball into the two stripes that touched, and suddenly they dropped into separate pockets like it had been set up just for that. L.L. was finishing his drink and stalking the sidelines almost like he sensed victory.

John moved near me and said we were in trouble and that we should quit before it got out of hand. I put my finger to his lips to quiet him as Myron slammed another striped ball into a pocket. Grinning with confidence, he moved around the table and, as he did, he passed behind me and purposely ground his hips into my ass, knowing I'd feel his hard cock. I knew I surprised him when I responded by grinding my hips back against him. He missed the next shot by a mile.

Finally, it was my turn. I walked around the table twice, chalking my cue, smiling at John as I asked his advice. I already knew how I was going to play my shot, but I wasn't going to let on. With great relish, I sank one ball after the next. As I stood at the head of the table, planning my final shot at the eight ball, I couldn't help but laugh inside as L.L. and Myron were pushing and hitting each other, blaming one another for what was about to happen.

I had worked this Club for almost 6 months by this time and had shot pool too many times to let these two guys win, unless I wanted them too. John was nervously tearing the label off his beer bottle, showering me with encouragement. I was sure that Myron and L.L. exchanged the 'mutherfucker' term more than once while they tried to figure out how to come up with the $200 that I was sure they didn't have. I lined up the shot and gave the cue ball a little lower english, which caused it to move off to the left after knocking the eight ball into the pocket. It drifted predictably over to the side pocket, resulting in a scratch and loss of the game. John's cheers died as quickly as the sudden jubilation of our opponents took over.

John looked like he'd just lost everything. I stepped in front of him and put my fingers under his drooping chin and lifted it until his eyes met mine. 'Good things come from what might seem bad at first,' I soothed. When I winked at him, he suddenly knew: I had scratched on purpose. I excused myself from the boys and went to tell Harvey, the owner, that I wasn't feeling well and wanted to take the rest of the night off. Due to the absence of the normal crowds that night, he told me no problem and to have a good night. I was sure I was going to have that!

I changed into street clothing, which was comprised of jeans, tennis shoes, a ball cap, and a sweatshirt. On the surface, I looked like anyone else on the streets, which led to an amusing event. I was talking to John for a full two minutes before it hit L.L. and Myron that it was really I. The four of us met in the parking lot. Against the brothers' wishes, I said I would be riding with John, and to lead the way and we would follow them.

John had his Jaguar, which I love. The soft leather feels so good. I love the way I sink down into absolute luxury. As soon as we were in the car, I put my arms around John's neck and drew his lips to mine. The kiss was long and active. Our tongues and lips meshed together perfectly as I hungrily kissed him. I felt his hands tentatively touch my breast and I groaned with approval.

As I broke the kiss, I sensed he was about to question what was going to happen next. I told him to just let it happen and the four of us might have quite a night together. 'You don't have to be anywhere tonight, do you John?' I asked. When he shook his head I continued, 'Good, because I think you're going to be glad I scratched on that shot.' We followed the black Cadillac out of the parking lot, as I curled up next to John with my head on his shoulder.

Now, those that know me know that I've fantasized about a gangbang with a bunch of black guys. Well, in this case I had two at least, plus John, and that sounded like it might be fun. Things were so slow at the club that I was ready for some excitement. I hadn't set out for this to happen, but since everything just sort of fell into place I was going to see where it would lead. I was a little worried about John, though. I knew he liked me a lot, but this was pretty far fetched from anything he'd experienced around me before. Still, he wasn't running away, but maybe that was because I had my arm locked in his and was pressed tightly against him in his car.

'John, are you okay with this?' I asked.

He kept looking straight ahead, following the black Caddy into the night. 'With what?' he asked.

I drew back from him slightly and looked up at him. 'I think you know I'm planning on partying with them tonight. If this makes you feel uncomfortable, you can just drop me off and I'll find a way home.' John was almost expressionless, but I could see the strained look on his face and knew he was having mixed emotions.

'Look, I'm not a saint, John,' I continued. 'I go out after work lots of times, and sometimes I meet guys; not always, but sometimes I do. And, if I like one, well, then I go for it. I've even been with more than one guy at a time as well. It's just that I've never done it with black guys.' I could have sworn I detected a slight smirk develop on his face in response to that remark.

The car ahead of us began to slow and pulled into what looked like a used car lot. We followed it and stopped behind them. L.L. got out of the passenger side and walked back to where we were. He had a cell phone in his hand. I pushed the down button on the window and L.L. stuck his head in right next to mine. 'Hey, baby,' he said. 'You're probably dying to get your hands on what old L.L.'s got for you, isn't that right? Well, we were having a slight problem finding a place to congregate, if you know what I mean. But, one of the brothers is gonna meet us here in a minute and take us this place he knows of. It'll be cool.'

John snapped back quickly, 'Hey, man, this is just supposed to be the four of us and no one else!'

I put my hand on John's leg to quiet him, as I turned back to L.L. 'Don't be fucking up something you're going to regret. If you go inviting all your friends, thinking it's okay, well, it's not!'

L.L. stepped back with his hands held up defensively. 'No, baby. You got it all wrong. We just needed a place to have this swaree, that's all.'

I rolled up the window as L.L. kicked an imaginary object on the pavement and stomped back to the waiting Caddy. A few minutes later a low-rider of some sort pulled up next to Myron's side of the car. Windows were lowered and then raised, and then both cars began to move away. John followed quietly.

What happened next completely surprised even me. John reached out and took my hand and guided it to the lump in his pants and pressed my palm against it and began rubbing it up and down the lengthening shaft. Then he let go of my hand, leaving me to continue the action.

I smiled as I reached out with my other hand and began pulling his zipper down and open. 'Does John want a preview of what he's going to get tonight?' I teased.

With that he reached out, knocking the ball cap off my head, grabbed a handful of my hair, and pulled my face down to his crotch. By the time my head reached his lap, I had his fat cock out and into the open. At the same time, he adjusted the tilt control so that the steering wheel moved up and out of the way.

'Clever,' I said as I closed my lips around his cock and sucked my way down, filling my mouth to capacity. As I let out a satisfied moan, I heard him do the same. Inwardly, I smiled to myself as I moved my head up and down, taking more and more of his hard cock into my hungry mouth.

John's hand continued to control my head movements with his grip on my hair. He pulled up and then pushed down on my head demanding I take all of his cock in my mouth. When he was satisfied that he had his cock firmly buried in my throat, he held me down on it until I began to gag. It wasn't that I was gagging on his size, but rather that I needed oxygen to breathe. I could tell that he believed it was the former by the way he began to talk to me.

'Suck it, Lisa,' he said. 'Suck my big cock like the slut you truly are. I'm going to cum in your mouth and you're going to swallow every drop. I don't think this is going to be the last time tonight you are going to suck cock and swallow cum either. If those stories I hear about black guys are true, you're going to have a lot more cock down your throat than this measly 8 inches of mine.'

Just then, he jammed his cock upwards as he slammed my face down, shooting hot gooey cum down my throat. Not unused to doing this, I used my throat muscles like it came naturally to me. 'Fuck!' John cried out over and over again. 'Oh, fuck!'

He finally let go of my hair and put both hands on the steering wheel as I continued to lick and suck on his cock until it was all squeaky-clean. 'Umm, you taste so good,' I commented as I licked my lips.

I sat back up straight in my seat just as we pulled into a gated entrance to what looked like a mansion. It was huge. John was babbling something about it being even bigger than his house was. I was stunned by what I could see from the dimly lit driveway leading up to the house. I popped a couple of breath mints while we sat in the car waiting to see what would happen next.

Myron and L.L. got out of their car in front of us and a lone figure got out of the car in front of them. That man was black as well and towered even over the other two men. He must have been about six foot six or more. It turned out that he plays football for the an certain NFL Team. The three of them came back to our car as we were getting out. I was pretty sure I'd licked all John's cum off my lips; at least I hoped I had. I put the ball cap back on my head, so I supposed I probably looked plain and ordinary again.

'The name is Lamar, baby. What's yours?' he said as he extended a big meaty hand that engulfed mine.

'Lisa,' I found myself somewhat excitedly saying. 'John, honey,' I said, turning back to the car, 'would you bring my bag?' Turning back to our apparent host, I told him, 'You have a very lovely home, Lamar.'

He put his massive arm around my tiny waist and ushered me into his house. 'Well, let me give you the nickel tour. Myron tells me you're a stripper. What's up with that?'

We made some small talk as we wandered about the house, eventually making our way into what looked like a large family room. There were several large overstuffed sofas and chairs, a big screen TV, and a bar. L.L. went over to the stereo and put on some music. It was instrumental with heavy throbbing drums. Lamar, or whoever he was, fixed drinks. I sipped on my wine as Myron was beginning to get irritable. He wanted to get it on and now, but Lamar wanted to take it slow and easy. I introduced Lamar to John. They weren't sure, but were almost certain they'd met somewhere before. Either way, they agreed not to let anything that happened tonight to go anywhere. 'What goes on the road, stays on the road.'

Lamar picked up my bag and handed it to me. 'Is there something in here you'd like to change into?' he asked. 'I'm ready to see just how good of a stripper you are.' He showed me to the bathroom where I changed into a short leather skirt and a matching Harley Davidson vest. I slipped on the heels I'd brought as well and entered the room to a very warm reception. A low table had been placed in the center of the room with the sofas surrounding it.

I took my cue and stepped up to dance for my four admirers. I winked at John as I danced around on the table, turning my back to him, raising my skirt to show him that was all I had on. I loved it when I heard him respond with 'Oh, my god!' As I opened the vest and let it fall to the floor, I was cheered loudly, but not as loudly as when I stepped out of the skirt and stood there in just my 6-inch heels.
