 In her e-mail she'd said she wanted to go to strip clubs and sex clubs, so I'd done some online research that afternoon. 

"Well, there's Obsessions down by Deansgate Locks," I said. "That's meant to be a good strip club."

"We could," she said. "But I think I'm too horny to just watch now. Isn't there anywhere we could go and, you know, do stuff?"

"Sure," I said, trying to sound nonchalant as we walked along the pavement, and trying to think about something other than sticking my cock up her ass.

I'd never been to a sex club before, but had looked them up on the Internet, so I knew of one not far from where we were. 

We walked there in silence, her arm in mine, both walking a little faster than we would normally. I was a bit nervous, not knowing what to expect when we got there, but I knew for certain that I wanted my night with Carrie to continue.

We arrived at the entrance to the venue and I paid my entrance fee to the big shaven-headed bloke at the front desk. Then we walked into a bar area. It seemed normal enough. There were a few people sat on tables around the room and a couple sat at the bar on their own. The only thing that was different from a normal bar was that as we walked in they all stopped talking and turned to look at us. I could feel a dozen pairs of eyes looking me up and down, appraising me for fucking potential. 

I leant forward to whisper to Carrie: "Is it here, or does that happen wherever you go?" 

She laughed and whispered back: "No. Just here."

At the bar we ordered a beer and a white wine, and went to a table where I began to look back at the other people in the bar. 

It was, to be honest, a pretty disappointing view. There were about ten men, most of them older than fifty and most of them pretty unattractive. There were two women who were younger, maybe in their thirties and not bad looking, but neither of them was exciting me. Neither cracked a smile the whole time I looked at them. They both looked a little rough and I suspected they were hookers. I was beginning to see why they'd all been so interested in us when we arrived.

Carrie leant over to me and whispered: "See anything you like?"

I grimaced at her and she did back to me.

"Well, you're not bad I suppose," I said with a smile. 

"Yeah, but everyone in here is fucking ugly," she replied, looking around the room with dismay.

"Let's give it some time," I said. "Someone else might turn up."

But they didn't. About eight new people turned up, and a group of three came out of a side room. They were all men, with one exception, a very fat woman with bright purple hair and far too few clothes, who came out of the side room with two men with grey hair and big smiles. She caught my eye and winked at me from the bar. I looked away rapidly. 

A few of the men came over and tried to start a conversation with Carrie. They all completely ignored me. In fact they mostly ignored her, and talked to her tits. 

By the time we'd finished our drinks we were both ready to go. We walked away in silence, putting as much distance between us and the place as possible. 

"I'm really sorry about that," I said.

"Eurgh. That place was horrible," said Carrie.

"Yeah. I'm sorry," I said.

"Those men!" She grimaced.

"I know. The women weren't much better either."

We stood in silence. It had started to rain gently. I was beginning to worry that such a promising night was going to end early. Fortunately though I did have another place up my sleeve.

"I do know another place we could try. It might be better than that," I said hopefully.

"Do you think it will be?" she said looking sceptical.

"I don't know. I mean if you want we can just call it a night. But maybe we could try this place. If it's anything like the last one we can leave straightaway."

She thought about it for a while then said: "Ok. I'll try it. But if it's like that then I'm going home."

This one was out of town so we hailed a cab and in twenty minutes were standing outside it. It didn't look like much from the outside, but we both took a deep breath and went inside. 

Immediately it had a better atmosphere. There were more people, around fifty or so, and they were generally younger and better looking. The owners had obviously spent a bit of money on the place. It had the fairly naff black, gold and red décor that you associate with that sort of place, but it wasn't tatty like the other place, and the low lighting made it seem classier. There was a decent sound system pumping out a bassy beat.

As we walked down the steps into the main area quite a few heads turned our way. I had that same feeling of being judged, but here I was myself hungrily looking around the room. I counted at least six women I wanted to fuck, and was pleased to see that two of them were already half naked, their breasts spilling out into the eager hands and mouths of the men at their tables. 

My attention was drawn to a cage to the left of the bar. It was about ten foot by ten foot and inside was a tall, slender blonde girl. She was wearing a bikini and was crawling around the cage on all fours. Surrounding the cage were seven men, all pushing their erect cocks through the bars, and urging her to suck them. I stood by the bar, staring open-mouthed, as the girl moved between them, taking each dick into her mouth, sucking it for a minute or so, then moving on to the next one. 

"Fucking hell," I said to Carrie. "Check that out." I gestured toward the cage, then saw that she was already looking at it.

She looked up at me with eyes that were shining with excitement. 

"This is fucking amazing," she said. Then grinned: "I am going to get the fucking of my life in here."

I was beginning to think she might be right, and I imagine a big smile was plastered across my face. 

We ordered drinks and went to sit down near to the cage so we could watch the blonde girl orally pleasuring the men. As a smartly dressed barman brought my Scotch and Carrie's diet coke over, one of the men let out a roar and loosed a jet of cum all over the girl's face. 

She rubbed the cock over her cheeks, smearing the cum around it and said to the man, in an accent that was mistakably from the deep south of the US: "I love the taste of your cum, baby. I wish I could have it every day."

The man, a well built man in his forties, who was wearing a t-shirt and jeans that were undone at the front, replied in a Manchester accent: "You can Lara. You just say the word and you can suck my cock every day."

His dick had now deflated and the other men surrounding the cage were calling for Lara to service them. So she planted a kiss on his prick, winked up at him and moved to the other side of the cage where a muscular young black man was standing, completely naked, shaking his cock at her. 

My prick was rockhard as I took a sip of my whisky. 

Carrie was looking at me. "Do you want to go and get your cock sucked?" she asked. 

I hesitated. She started rubbing my hard-on through my jeans.

"You can if you want," she said. "I don't mind. I'll watch."

I thought about how this night was rapidly turning into the best of my life. I couldn't believe a place like this had been just a twenty minute taxi ride from my apartment for all these years and I'd never been inside it. I couldn't believe I was now in this place with the most fuckable looking woman I'd ever met and she was telling me I could go and get a blowjob from the gorgeous girl who a few feet away was deepthroating a thick black cock.

I was about to get up and walk over to the cage when Carrie leant closer and whispered: "Alternatively, you could tie me up in that cradle, blindfold me and do what you like to me. 

I looked towards where she had nodded. In a dark recess behind our table four leather straps were hanging from the ceiling.

Carrie leant towards me and whispered in my ear: "I want you to tie me up. I want you to blindfold me. I want you to let different men fuck me." Her eyes showed that she was entirely serious about this. I glanced back towards where Lara was now tonguing the black man's balls. For a few seconds I was torn, but I quickly realised there was no question about what I was going to do.

I stood up and walked towards the cradle. Carrie followed smiling. 

She stood in the middle of the four leather straps, kicked off her heels, then reached behind her to unzip her dress. In seconds she was stepping out of it, naked. I heard a few people point her out to their companions. She smiled at their appreciative comments. I'd say it encouraged her, made her more confident, but never at one point inv that evening did she appear anything other than utterly determined to get what she wanted.

As a crowd started to form around us, she said to me: "Come on then. Tie me up."

With my erection clearly visible through my jeans I began to tie the leather straps around her hands. She kissed my neck, repeating quietly that she wanted to get fucked over and over by the biggest cocks in the club. I just tried not to get distracted by her words as I tightened the knots around her slender wrists. 

Then I asked one of the men who were watching to take her other leg, lift it up and tie her securely there. He was only too happy to oblige, looking intently at her wet, pink pussy while he tied the leather round her ankles. 

With her suspended about three feet from the ground, her black hair hanging down and her legs spread wide apart, I checked she was comfortable, then asked if anyone had something we could use as a blindfold. There were about two dozen people watching and one of them, a large woman in her forties, produced a red scarf which I tied around Carrie's head so it covered her eyes. With a bit of effort she could move her hands to her head to take off the blindfold, but, apart from that, she was entirely under my control. 

I leant down to kiss her on the lips and said: "Are you sure you want to do this?"

"Yes," she said. "This is exactly how I wanted it to happen, Nick. I want you to fuck me any way you like and you can let anyone else fuck me. I trust you."

I kissed her again, then moved my lips down to her breasts. I sucked on her erect nipples, trying not to think about the expectant crowd that was standing in a circle around us, watching me elicit gasps and cries of pleasure from this beautiful, strange woman.

I didn't really know what I was going to do. All of a sudden I seemed to have become the centre of attention in this club, and it seemed to be up to me to control the situation. I felt quite nervous, but also incredibly turned on. I tried to relax and just go with what seemed natural.

When I moved my hand down between her legs, a few of the men pulled out their cocks and started masturbating as they watched me slide two fingers in and out of her soaking wet pussy and strum my thumb across her erect clitoris. It took less than a minute for her to cum. Her body bucked up and down and she shouted obscenities: "Oh fuck yes. Ah, yes. Fuck me. Oh YES!"

I was straining to burst out of my pants, but I knew she wanted more than just me so I was going to have to share her. 

I looked at the audience and saw the man who had tied up her leg. He was in his thirties, and in fact looked like a very sensible accountant, apart from the fact that he was slowly sliding his hand up and down a huge erection. I decided I could trust him and so gestured for him to put his cock in her mouth.

His eyes widened but he didn't hesitate. He walked straight over to where her head was hanging down and pushed the end of his prick against her lips. She sighed and opened to let him in. He grunted with pleasure and pushed till he was halfway in, then reached down to squeeze first one then the other tit.

The crowd was getting more and more excited, and was urging them on. Some were asking me if they could join in, but I shook my head. I knew I had to stay in control of the situation somehow. They seemed willing enough to do what I ordered. The bigger challenge was resisting the urge to pull my pulsating cock out of my trousers and empty my swollen balls all over her tits. I knew I couldn't, I knew I had to focus on giving her what she wanted from this situation. But it was getting harder and harder, in both senses of the word.

Taking a deep breath to calm myself, I moved down so I was between her legs and bent forward so I could trail my tongue along her slit. She was wide open and dripping with juices. As I reached her clit, she pulled the cock out of her mouth and shouted: 

"Yes. Fucking suck my clit. Oh you bastard. Yes!"

As I took her clit into my mouth and sucked it gently, I watched her pull the man's prick deep into her throat and suck for all she was worth. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a young bloke in the crowd cum into his own hand. Someone passed him a tissue to clean it up and he stood there intently watching Carrie's sex show. 

When Carrie came next, so did the man fucking her face. With a loud roar he emptied his balls into her mouth and I watched from between her legs as she swallowed it all down. It was becoming clear to me that she wasn't one of those women who have a problem with the taste of cum. Quite the opposite in fact. 

While the man moved away from Carrie's head, I noticed in the crowd around us the naked black guy who had been next to the cage. There was now no one next to the cage and it was empty. Everyone was watching us. He'd also obviously not been finished off as he was still naked and still erect.

I gestured for him to replace the other guy in Carrie's mouth and with a grin he eagerly moved to do so. She was hanging limply in the cradle but willingly accepted the new dick that slid between her sticky lips. 

I stood up and wondered what to do next. My balls were boiling and I was finding it hard to think of anything apart from pulling my dick out and giving it some relief inside the wet pussy in front of me. However, I knew she wanted other men, and to be honest I was beginning to think it might be hard to keep some of these men back. 

I looked among the crowd. There were about five other guys with their cocks sticking out in front of them. A couple of them had women, presumably their wives or girlfriends, caressing them, but the others were doing it themselves. My gaze rested on the largest one. In fact it was hard not to look at it. It belonged to a bloke of medium height and build who was in his late twenties. It looked about nine inches long and he was only just managing to wrap his hand around it. He was looking intensely at where Carrie's milky white tits were jiggling about on her chest with the movement generated from the cock ploughing in and out of her open mouth.

I caught his eye, stepped back and to her side, and gestured for him to take my place between her legs.

A couple of other blokes mumbled "You lucky fucking bastard" as he stepped forward. 

Then standing between her legs, he tugged his jeans down and said to me in a Cockney accent: "Cheers mate. You sure it's all right if I fuck her?"

Carrie heard and, in the gap when the cock was out of her mouth, replied for me: "Yes you can fuck me. Do it hard. And you'd better have a big fucking dick."

Then with a growl she started sucking on the balls of the naked man by her head. He was standing with his hands on his hips, his eyes closed and a look of bliss on his face.

As the man between her legs started wetting his dick by sliding it up and down her slit, I moved up to her head and whispered: "It's fucking huge, babe. You'll like it." 

She smiled and said: "You're fucking amazing, Nick. Could you support me for a bit. It's starting to hurt a little."

"Sure thing," I replied, and moved down to her side, placed my hands under her back and lifted her up. As I did so, someone moved forward from the crowd to help me on Carrie's other side. It was Lara, the blonde American who'd been in the cage. 

She smiled at me and said: "This ok?"

I nodded, and we both looked down to where the man between Carrie's legs had begun to inch inside her. As he slid in, the crowd gathered in closer to watch and she let out a high pitched squeal. There were about two dozen people within touching distance of the threesome.

"Oh fuck yeah," he said. "That's one nice tight cunt."

As he began sliding in and out of her, gently at first, Lara and I both dipped our heads to start sucking on Carrie's rock solid nipples. Then the blonde girl reached down to rub Carrie's clit. I watched with an aching cock as she ran her fingers over Carrie's clit, around her pussy lips and along the huge shaft that was ploughing in and out of the black-haired girl. 

Carrie was in another world at this point. She was having orgasm after orgasm as two pricks pistoned in and out of her at both ends and she hung helpless between them. Both men were grunting, and I could see several other pairs of hands starting to roam over Carrie's naked body. 

Suddenly the black guy in Carrie's mouth cried out and started cumming. Again, she held it in her mouth and swallowed every last drop. The guy in her pussy sped up, pounding in and out of her so her whole body was shaking. I glimpsed hands roaming over his chest, back and ass. There were more hands, mouths and lips pawing, sucking, and licking Carrie's body, all of them trying to get a piece of this beautiful girl. 

Carrie was loving every second, but I was starting to get worried it was getting out of hand. Someone standing next to me came on Carrie's chest, right next to where I was sucking her nipple. I jumped to avoid the stream of white cum, and watched as the large woman who'd given me the scarf moved in to lick it up. Everywhere I looked there where people crowding in to touch and see Carrie. They were in various states of undress and were not all people I fancied. It occurred to me that Carrie might not like all of these people using her body like this. She'd seemed totally up for everything so far, but that was when I was in control. I was rapidly losing control of this situation and it was starting to worry me.

Lara must have seen my concern, as she said over Carrie's writhing, bucking body, and under the noise of people moaning, grunting and swearing as they used the beautiful body hanging between them: "Want to take her somewhere more private?"

I nodded, and immediately Lara stood up: "Ok, everyone. Stand back." Everyone obeyed her immediately. "Steve, pull that monster out of the poor girl. Give her a break."

He looked angrily at Lara but obeyed. He pulled it out and stood between her legs, his nine inch cock, purple, throbbing and slick with her juices. Carrie however wasn't so pleased: "What are you doing?" She began to complain. "Nick, don't let them stop. I want more."

"And you'll have it," said Lara, untying her blindfold and straps. "We're just going to go somewhere more private."

Carrie looked like she was ready to argue, but as soon as she saw the beautiful blonde girl who was taking off her blindfold, she seemed mollified. Blinking, she looked around at the crowd, which was now dispersing, grumbling that Lara has ruined their fun. She caught sight of me and smiled at me, mouthing: "Thank you."

I smiled back and helped Steve untie Carrie's legs. 

When she was down Lara led her towards a door and Steve and I followed. I remember him looking at me and saying matter of factly: "You must be ready to bust a nut mate."

I burst out laughing and said: "You're not fucking wrong. That was seriously hot."

Once we got into the room it started to get even hotter. The room was dominated by a huge bed, big enough for eight people I guessed. Lara and Carrie immediately jumped onto the bed and began kissing each other. Steve and I stood watching while Carrie pulled off Lara's bikini to reveal her small tits, and then rapidly moved down her slender body to peel off her panties. She had a neatly shaved blonde bush, and out of the corner of my eye I could see Steve slowly stroking his long, thick shaft while he stared intently at her now completely naked body.
