 "Harder!" she cried out, "Oh, baby! Oh, yeah! Give it to me harder!"

Leslie's pussy was tight and sweet and I had my meat buried inside her doggy style, hammering in and out. My breathing was rough and heavy, while I groaned with the pleasant exertion. My body was tense to the very tips of my toes with that raw primal urgency that comes with fucking a fine, upturned ass.

As I gave her a really potent thrust, she screamed out "Oh, God!" to no one in particular.

I'd wanted to see Leslie naked since I saw her walk across the quad earlier that afternoon. She'd had on a tight sweater that left nothing to the imagination, but I couldn't take my eyes off her ass in those painted on jeans. It could've made a blind man see. She must have liked what she had seen in me also. I did have a lot to offer, sweat dripping off my bare, muscular chest as I finished up a game of touch football with the guys. It hadn't taken more than five minutes to convince her to give me a suck and fuck back in my dorm room. Before you knew it she was in my bed, hanging on to the headboard, as I was banging the shit out of her. Top notch lay, all the way. Her pussy was like a vice clamp and had plenty of experience. Her body rose up to meet my energetic thrusting and she reached back around to stroke my clenching ass muscles.

Oh, fuck, she was quality.

Just as I thrust again, lifting her off the bed, the dorm room door opened exposing our obscene tableau to anyone who might have been in the hallway.

It was only Jamie standing there, staring at us openmouthed.

"Are you coming or going, dude?" I asked him, no pause in my thrusting. I was unclear as to whether Leslie wanted her tits and ass exposed to every other guy on my floor.

Leslie took no notice, however, so engrossed was she in the pleasure I was giving her. She really started moaning now, howling like a bitch in heat, hands still clenched onto head board for dear life. Figuring that Jamie would get his act together one way or the other, I picked up the pace, still ramming into her cunt, and drove it home.

Jamie shook himself from his deer in headlights lethargy and managed to come in and shut the door. We'd only been rooming together for a few months at that point, but I'd brought plenty of girls back to the room, especially on the weekends. That had always been in the dark of night and late enough that he was able to keep up the pretense of sleep, even though I knew he could hear the unabashed noises of my lovemaking activities.

I had never been quite this brazen before.

Grinning at Jamie, I followed him with my eyes as he tried to make a pretense of ignoring us.

"Excuse me," he said hastily.

He went to put his books down on his desk, his back turned to us. But I caught him looking at Leslie and me in the mirror that hung by the desk.

"Don't worry, man," I panted, "We'll be done in a second."

I had moved my hand down to finger her clit, to bring her to orgasm faster, as my dick prepared to finish banging at her door. 

"Won't take long," I grunted, nodding to the bathroom.

He took my hint and went into our bathroom. Leslie had cum earlier and she had cum again while I was on top of her, and with my finger on her clit she came again right then. After a few more minutes, I'd decided I'd had just about as much fun as I was going to be able to stand for one afternoon. I finally let myself cum, continuing to stroke that tight twat until I felt that last of my cum shoot from my dick, sated. I pulled out of Leslie and slipped off my condom, expertly aiming for the trash. My dick was still semi-hard, and pointed out in front of me. A pity I'd only cum once.

Leslie got up and started getting dressed, while I pondered what I was going to do about my roommate.

Long before Jamie and I had pledged our fraternity together, we had been two awkward new roommates trying to figure each other out freshman year of college. We both liked sports and had similar tastes in music. We also hung out together. You'd think that would've been enough to cement our friendship, but Jamie was the nervous sort. I wasn't sure at first what his problem was. I figured college was the best place in the world to score and I wasn't going to miss out on any opportunities to do so. I figured other guys had the same idea as me. What I didn't realize at the time was that Jamie had had a very strict religious upbringing and he was raised a 'no sex before marriage' kinda dude.

I was gonna be damned if he thought I wasn't gonna get laid just because he wasn't up for it.

I yelled into the bathroom, teasingly, "Hey, man, you want some?"

There was a breath and Jamie hesitatingly replied weakly, "No...thanks."

Leslie came snuggling up to my naked body, too bad she was now fully dressed. I gave her a deep kiss, with plenty of tongue.

"Can I see you again, darlin?" I asked her, breaking apart, and patting her perfect bottom as she pulled away from me to grab her book bag.

She looked back at me, blew me a kiss and said, "You bet."

Score! That was a goldmine I'd just tapped into. But she was gone as quick as sin at a Baptist tent revival. What a shame too, because I could've easily gone for another round.

However, little mister sunshine was still in the bathroom. I pulled my pants on and went to the bathroom and opened the door. Jamie was leaning against the wall jacking off.

"Man," I said taking in the scene in front of me, "Have you ever got to get laid."

He just looked so pathetic standing there.

"You know there isn't anything to it," I said patiently, as if to a child, "All you need is a girl."

He just looked past me and kept on stroking. I figured there was no use arguing. He must be so horny it was killing him. I shut the door and went to grab a shirt.

One thing about Jamie was that he was a regular guy in all other respects. We had both joined the college football team on a scholarship. Like a lot of the guys on the team we liked to get a drink after the games. Despite his hang-ups, I genuinely liked the guy. But I was very careful to keep Jamie's 'condition' to myself around the others. Football players are worse than cock-swinging military types, especially when it comes to bragging rights.

I knew Jamie would never live down the shame if they found out he was a virgin.

But I was not a man without means. Earlier in the season I had found this little hole in the wall bar west of town. A lot of the college kids went there because they never checked IDs. I decided tonight was the night to take Jamie to this little roadhouse. Drag him if necessary.

He was in such a sorry state; he didn't even try and argue with me.

Within two hours we were sitting at the bar, drinking beers.

At least Jamie was straight. I had no doubt about that. He checked out women, even if he didn't lay them. And I noticed, as I chugged on my beer bottle, that he was checking out a girl at the other end of the bar. I'd run into her once or twice before, even got her number, although I'd never called her. Her name was Cathy. It was obvious that Jamie had no intention of making a move, so I got up and went over to chat her up and see if I could get us anywhere. She wanted to dance and there were some good tunes coming from the jukebox. What the hell, I thought, I'm a good dancer. And if it gets us one step closer to Jamie's salvation, I'd do just about anything.

We moved out onto the floor.

I could see Jamie eyeing us from the bar, so I moved in a little closer to Cathy and we started to dance dirty. My mouth found hers, and I kissed her, moving my tongue into her mouth in the process. She wasn't shy, that's for sure. She started tonguing me back. I got an idea as my eye caught and held Jamie's now steely gaze. He was jealous, plain and simple. But he didn't have enough balls to do anything about it. Now, I thought, is my chance to break him in.

I whispered my plan to the Cathy. She looked at me, and then glanced over at Jamie.

"Sure," she whispered in my ear, "Your friend's pretty cute. But he should smile more."

"It's because he's never gotten laid," I said matter of factly.

Cathy flashed me a look of genuine surprise as she reached for the bulge of my jeans.

"Why don't you give a girl a ride home?" she suggested none too subtly.

I didn't need to be told twice. Taking the hint, I went over to get Jamie.

"Hey, man," I told him with enthusiasm, "That chick really digs you!"

"Looked like she was more into you," he managed, surly.

"C'mon, man," I said, a hopeful look in my eyes, "Don't be like that. She needs us to give her a ride home. Let's give her a ride."

I put a lot of emphasis on the word ride. I don't know if he got my double meaning, but he sighed and paid for the beers, following us to the door.

Cathy was pretty flirty on the ride home, but not so much that she was freaking out Jamie. I think he was actually starting to relax a little, making jokes, and easing into the scene. She was digging on him. Then again that could just be the alcohol. But who cares?

When we got to Cathy's apartment she told us her roommate was back at home visiting a sick aunt. This was gonna be too easy, I thought.

The apartment was actually pretty nice. Cathy even had a hot tub in the back. We really got relaxed and she brought out some good tequila. We all did a couple shots. Then we lost some clothes as we took a little dip in the tub. Jamie and I were in our boxers and Cathy went and put on a bikini. When she'd come out of her room, I would have liked to fuck Cathy right then and there, but didn't want to pressure Jamie any more than was necessary. He was just starting to get his groove on.

After we'd spent some time relaxing, and flirting I might add, Cathy moved us into the living room and put on some music. Jamie and Cathy sat together on her couch and I was in a chair on the other side of the room. Cathy had just told a joke and we were all laughing when Jamie suddenly, and uncharacteristically, reached over and started stroking her breast.

Lord, it must have been the tequila.

She leaned over and started to kiss him. It was very obvious that his cock was getting hard and I wondered how far this would go, not yet daring to hope.

Cathy broke off their kissing after a few minutes and moved to floor, kneeling in front of him. She looked into his eyes, but he offered her no resistance. So she pulled down his wet boxers and his boner popped to attention in front of her like a jack in the box. She laughed for a minute. I held my breath in case Jamie got embarrassed.

"What have we here?" she said finally.

She started playing with his dick and balls. Jamie closed his eyes as his head rolled back against the couch.

"Suck me!" he said aggressively, low and flat.

My eyes widened! And I did a double take. Did my roommate say that? No way, man. I couldn't believe it. But far from offended, Cathy moved her head down so her mouth could take in his rod and started moving her head and tongue up and down on it. He groaned in ecstasy. She sucked him for minutes that seemed like an eternity. I was thinking way to go dude! He started moaning and all of a sudden his eyes opened wide, and then he got a real glassy look in them.

No shit. Had he just cum in her mouth? His expression and the way she wiped off her mouth with the back of her hand suggested he had.

My turn then.

I got up and walked over to them, pulling Cathy up off the floor in the process. I started to take off her bikini top and she started to dance with me, gyrating to the pulsating beat of the music she'd put on. I reached up with my hands to start feeling up her tits. They weren't the best breasts in the world, but when you have two melons like that staring you in the face, who cares? My hands slipped down to remove her bottoms, and I revealed a trimmed, but still somewhat hairy bush covering her vagina. The hair around her pussy curled dark.

I was totally enraptured.

I got on my knees to worship her and started moving my tongue in and out around her lips and clit as she swayed her body to the music. She grabbed my head and pushed it into her pussy. After giving her pleasure for some time, I stopped and moved back to my chair to watch her as she continued her sexy dance to the music. I glanced over at Jamie. He was mesmerized, and I think a little high, from getting the first blowjob of his young nineteen-year-old life. No doubt he'd never seen a totally naked woman before either. I reached down to massage my almost ten inches of hard cock. Oh, there was no doubt I wanted her. But I wanted Jamie to have her more.

"Man," I said to get his attention, "What are you waiting for?"

He looked over at me and I nodded to her. Jamie slowly got up. He moved over to her and they started dancing together. His boxers were hanging askew, half off his ass, and his dick was still hanging out from the earlier blowjob. He was getting harder again as he moved. Cathy broke away from me and pulled Jamie down onto the floor with her. It was my turn to watch Jamie fuck for a change.

"Jamie," I ordered like the director in a porn movie, egging him on, "Take off your shorts man."

He pulled his boxers down all the way.

"Now," I said, authoritatively, tossing a condom over to him, "Put this on and stick your dick in her pussy. Fuck her, man."

He didn't seem to need any more prompting from me. He ripped open the condom and fumbled it at first, but finally got it on his dick, and then he climbed up on top of her missionary style and started thrusting at her in earnest. It was so obvious he was virgin. He really had no idea what to do with it. Cathy came to his rescue and took a hold of his dick. She guided him into her through the gateway of her vagina. She must have been pretty wet already because Jamie slipped right in to his hilt. He started grunting and thrusting into her. With the mix of alcohol and excitement, Jamie didn't last long. That was inevitable. A few quick thrusts and he was shooting his load. He just stayed inside her when he was finished trying to catch his breath.

I had begun stroking my cock harder and harder and I was getting to the burning point. I wanted, no needed, some pussy now and this girl required fucking by a more experienced man.

I always bring three condoms with me wherever I go. And I was prepared with the second, pushing it down over my long dick as I walked over to them.

Without any prelude I pushed Jamie off the girl and climbed onto her myself. I have a much bigger and thicker dick than Jamie does and I knew she was going to feel it in her pussy when I penetrated her. Once in position, I pushed my big head slowly into her mound. She was wet and getting wetter by the second, her white milk oozing out to coat my rubber covered prick and make it slicker. But she was still so tight. I pulled back just a tad, and then eased forward again, this time squeezing six inches of my cock inside her. Her cunt was gripping me! The entrance to her box really had a hold of me. I eased out of her a little ways again, and this time was able to slide my entire length inside her.

"Oh fuck!" she moaned.

I held myself inside her, letting her grow accustomed to my size. 

I loved how she felt. Her cunt was so hot and tight that it gripped each and every inch of my massive dick. Cathy was panting, her bare feet resting on the floor, and she had both hands in a steely grip on my big, round biceps to steady herself. She opened her beautiful eyes and looked up at me.

Then the girl smiled.

"Oh, my God," she exclaimed in pure pleasure, "Your dick is so big!"

I bent down and kissed her smiling lips, and she closed her eyes and shot her tongue eagerly into my waiting mouth. She was able to move again, and she reached around my big body and put her hands on my strong back. Her toes began to caress the outside of my legs. I kissed her for about thirty seconds, loving every second of being inside her and loving the way she was kissing me. Finally, I could wait no longer. I slowly pulled half of my manhood out of this woman's body, and just as slowly eased it back in again.

She breathed into my mouth, moaning in pleasure, as I penetrated her again. My balls pressed against her, and I was grinding into her hard. She ground her crotch back against me, stimulating her little clit. I slowly slid my cock out of her tight pussy, this time taking it nearly all the way out of her and holding it there. Just my thick mushroom head was still inside her, stretching her entrance open. Cathy kissed me even more urgently then, her small hands sliding down towards my ass, urging me towards her.

But I pulled all the way out and rubbed myself over the outside of her slit instead, hitting her clit in the process. She started moaning in spite of herself, her empty pussy trying to rise up and take me back inside.

"Beg for it darlin," I whispered in her ear, "Tell me how much you want me inside you."

"I want your big hard tool fucking me," she begged.

Just when she started stroking my ass more urgently, I obliged her desires, stealthily slipping my dick back inside her needy hole as she let out a long squeal of delight. Nearly ten inches of thick cock slowly sank into her body. Her warm, dark heaven enveloped me, tugging at my rod, as I stroked in and out.

It felt like it took so long to get inside her. The feeling of that thrust went on forever.

Finally I felt my hard cock poke at the back of her pussy, and I was inside her all the way again. Then I began my pleasurable duty in earnest. I pulled my cock most of the way out of her and slid it back in even quicker this time.

She moaned into my mouth. I began thrusting in and out of her body at an easy pace. I held myself up on my arms high above her, looking down at her gorgeous face as I now rammed my thick, hard dick into her depths. Her tits were bouncing up and down, and her eyes were closed as I gave it to her over and over. She and I groaned together, her feet flailing beside me. She opened her eyes and looked down her naked body, still moaning, watching my cock violate her. I was using long thrusts, and looked down myself to see more than half my dick pull out of her on each thrust. She reached up to massage my six-pack which was on full display as my stomach muscles flexed with each thrust.

I could feel Cathy's pussy orgasming as she fixated on my cock.

She let out a long hard groan as her eyes rolled back in pleasure. White fluid from her pussy coated my sheath. She winced as an orgasm rushed over her.

"Fuck!" she cried out, heart pounding.

Her legs straightened out, wrapping behind me, and squeezing me in between them.

Cathy moaned again, once each time I banged against the back of her cunt with my dick. She was writhing underneath me, her hands clawing desperately against my back.

I looked behind me at Jamie who was lazily taking in the whole scene from the couch. He had a pleasant, satisfied look on his face. He should have after all, he had just gotten off twice, and this bitch had just popped his cherry! I hoped he would remember it all in the morning.

Turning back to my own pleasure, I noted that Cathy knew all the right moves. I'll give her that. I liked the way she reached behind me to grab my ass with one hand and cup my balls with the other. Her thrashing about was causing me to lose it. My dick felt like it was growing even longer and harder; if that was possible.

Suddenly, I rolled her over on top of me and motioned to Jamie. He came over and slipped his dick into her waiting mouth. It was amazing how bold he was getting. As I looked up, watching his dick in her mouth, I was getting even more turned on and my thrusts were becoming more determined, but also erratic. I grabbed her by the ass and started lifting her up and down, slamming her onto my dick. I wanted to split this whore in half. Her juices spilled out and I felt them dripping onto my balls and thighs.
