 Damian reminisces on meeting David and Cindy while on the way up to their summer party, then they both move into sun and exhibitionism. If you like the series, feel free to send me ideas or thoughts about where you'd like Damian and Kitty's adventures to go. If you don't like them, that is perfectly fine, feel free to leave a honest score. I answer emails and hope to stay in contact with people of similar interest.

------

"Ugh, I just hate all these swimsuits!" my wife said with exasperation.

I looked at her as she peeled off the simple black one piece and reached for a ruffled pink top and modest teal bottoms. The suits were all full-coverage, as we normally went swimming in the local community center pool with our little one. Kitty's mother had picked him up and taken him out for the day, and we were getting a much overdue date. I opened an email on my phone, the invitation to David and Cindy's "Bar-Be-Cute" party.

"The invite says 'dare to bare' for the dress code," I said with a small smile.

"I know! I'll look like a frumpy mom in all of these," she said, holding a handful of suits in the air and waving them around.

"So don't wear anything," I said, trying to play it cool.

I pretended to look at my phone again, like I hadn't suggested she go nude to a sex party, but I was hoping she would maybe just wear bottoms. I really wanted to see how far she would go to show off for a group of other people, since we had been exploring our boundaries with this whole swinging thing more and more. She looked at me sidelong for a moment and then slid off the pink ruffled top.

"Okay, put your money where your mouth is," she said, pointing to my swim trunks.

I bounced up off the bed and kicked off my trunks. I knew that other guys would definitely be naked, so I figured no one would care about another dick waving around.

Kitty rolled her eyes, "ugh, figures. You're such an exhibitionist."

She stepped out of the teal bottoms and shrugged on a formless navy blue seersucker dress, then went over to the dresser and grabbed a pair of ratty jeans and a faded t-shirt for me.

"This is all for the drive over," she said with determination, "we can't go out on the patio dressed like this, we'll look like idiots."

The drive itself was uneventful, if beautiful. The road leading up to David and Cindy's curved through the mountains on a languishing path. I let my mind wander, remembering the first time we had driven up this path when David and Cindy hosted a charity gambling night at their home.

The event was sponsored by a few companies in the area, mine included. My office had a last-minute raffle for a few tickets that we hadn't been able to sell off to our clients. It was a huge surprize when the tickets showed up in my mailbox, because the last time I had won a raffle was when I was in high school. Kitty was heavy with child at the time, and usually tired, but when I got home and told her about winning the raffle, she jumped up immediately.

"That is perfect! I need to get out. This whole week I've been adjusting the linens in the baby's room and I am going to lose it if I reorganize the burp cloths again," she said, the excitement in her voice overwhelming the fatigue.

"Great, the party starts at eight," I looked at my watch, it was already past seven, "so... we'll be fashionably late," I said with a wink.

We both went to the bedroom to get ready. My wife prefers a more natural beauty routine, so I knew she wouldn't waste time putting on makeup or doing exotic hair braids, rather she was trying to find a dress that would fit over her baby bump.

"Damian! Oh my god, you have to see this!" she yelled from the closet.

I looked up from the dresser to see her standing in one of her club dresses, her breasts spilling out over the top, and the bottom not even fully pulled over her ass. She stretched her arms up and her dark nipples popped halfway out of the tight top.

"Wouldn't that be a surprise if I had to grab something and my boobs just flopped out of my dress," she said with a bright laugh.

"You know, why not wear that?" I said with a big smile.

She rolled her eyes, threw off the dress, and retreated back into the closet. A few more minutes passed and she huffed as each dress failed to meet her propriety requirements.

"You know, at this rate we'll miss the party," I noted while straightening my tie.

"Ughhh, you're right. Fine," she said while coming out of the closet.

The dress she had chosen wouldn't lead to any wardrobe malfunctions, but the fabric was stretched so tightly that her nipples and panties were easy to see. She looked in the mirror and bent to the side, noticing what could be seen as well. I practically choked on my tongue when she slid her dress up and yanked off her panties, flashing me a smile. Her baby bump hid her shaved slit, but her ass was completely visible through the thin covering. She wrapped a scarf around herself and let it drape over her butt, holding it at her elbows on the front. The image created was an elegant ensemble.

"Okay, let's go!" I said, before either of us could object.

On the drive out Kitty flashed me a few times. After getting pregnant her breasts and nipples had doubled in size, and I couldn't stop myself from looking whenever she was naked. She had always been worried that her breasts weren't big enough, so she was over the moon when she couldn't comfortably wear bras anymore.

"You'd rather have your cock between my tits than going to this party, wouldn't you?" she teased.

Another thing that had changed since my wife got pregnant was the amount of sex we were having, and the things she would say to work me up beforehand. We both knew that after the little one came along we would have limited time together, so we took advantage of the freedom we still had.

"I'll just flick my tongue back and forth on the tip of your cock, look, I can reach my nipple," she said while sucking it into her mouth.

I fought the urge to pull over right there and fuck her on the side of the road, but I told myself that she would definitely be getting it when we made it home. When we arrived at the top of the hill the house wasn't what I expected. Normally they're all marble, ridiculous white columns, and fountains with exotic plants everywhere. The main focus always seemed to be how much money the owners could throw at the project. No, this house presented itself as sleek, modern, clean. The large double door entryway was open and gave a perfect view through a hallway to a dropped living room. The expansive glass windows were pulled back and revealed a guest house and pool that looked carved into the mountain itself. The wood tones on the walls and soft lighting made the space feel warm and inviting.

Kitty and I were given a sum of chips to use at the tables, and put a few down on bets at various tables. I ended up doing pretty well at poker because Kitty kept forgetting to cover herself with her shawl and the other players were getting distracted by her nipples. The gentleman were all a lot older, even the youngest of them had all white hair. I whispered in her ear how I really enjoyed having her show herself off, and as the game progressed she became more bold, not putting her shawl back in place and stretching out to reach for the soda water on the table suggestively. Unfortunately I was just as distracted as the rest of the table, and ended up losing the chip pile I had built up fairly quickly.

I led Kitty outside and we relaxed on a round bed near the pool with a large umbrella angled over it. She let her flats slide off and curled up next to me. She leaned against my shoulder and drew patterns on my chest, focusing a bit on my nipple through my shirt. I was considering asking her if she wanted to head home when we saw a couple walk out to a set of loungers that were further away from the lights of the home and laid down. I heard the telltale sound of zippers and clothing shuffling, and looked at my wife with raised eyebrows.

"Looks like they're going to win big," I whispered as quietly as possible.

"Oh my god, do you think they're going to have sex?" my wife whispered back incredulously.

We listened together, practically holding our breath, as the other couple's sounds went from soft sighs and sucking sounds to the creak of deck furniture under sex. The woman's moans were restrained and the man's grunts were stilted, but as I looked at my wife I knew exactly what they were doing.

Kitty had been smiling and still seemed shocked about what was happening just a few feet away, but after all the teasing on the way to the party I knew that I wouldn't be able to make it home. I poked my head out from the umbrella back towards the party and realized that from this angle the only people that would see us were the other ones having sex, so there wasn't much to lose. I undid my pants and let my cock spring free.

"Damian!" my wife barked quietly, then realized the other couple probably heard and ducked down even lower on the bed.

We listened quietly for a few moments, the sound of chatter from the party cut out all other noise. Just then a breeze blew by and the attendants moved to close the large glass walls that separated one side of the home from the pool area. As they closed, the sound coming from the house went from a regular chatter and whoops of excitement to a dull background sound, then faded to silence.

"Took them long enough," a voice whispered.

We listened again and the wet sound of sex resumed. Without the background noise of the party it sounded much louder than before. My wife looked at me, her mouth wide open, as I stretched out and let my pants fall down to my ankles. Her look of shock finally disappeared and was replaced with a devious grin. I guided her to get on top of me, and she bunched her dress up so it wouldn't get cum or her juices on it.

I drank in the sight of her, half naked in the backyard of a house we'd never been to, would never go to again, and we were about to have sex. She was already wet when I lined up at her entrance, and the sound of our bodies connecting was obviously louder than the other couple that was outside. It seemed like as soon as they knew we were having sex as well, their pace quickened. Their moans were still quiet, but the wet slap of sex was much more urgent.

"Oh god, they're fucking too," the woman's voice called out quietly.

At this neither my wife nor I could handle ourselves. We had never even watched porn together and now we were fucking practically in front of another couple. Kitty let out a moan that was much louder than anything they had done, and let herself slap against my crotch as we both built towards a climax.

"Oh god, yes, don't stop," the man's voice replied, in a voice that was no longer restrained.

As we both listened to each other's sex, our collective climaxes built faster, each moan or squelching sound that drifted out across the space only making us push harder towards the edge. My wife and I came first, together, hard. She held me tight as she clamped down on my cock and we rode the wave together. We heard as the other woman started cumming and then the man said something we didn't hear and we heard their sex stop as he groaned.

We fell back to reality and my wife and I quietly tried to correct our clothes and get out. We had no idea who they were, and since some of the people were my coworkers we figured that it might not be the best idea to find out, just in case.

"I'm David, and this is my wife Cindy," the man's voice said as we heard the sound of a lounge chair shifting under his weight, "and you are very welcome in our home."

"You'll be getting an email, Damian," Cindy's voice called out, in a dazed tone.

My wife and I looked at each other and smiled while getting our clothes back on, and she made a point of mouthing "sure you will" to me.

Thinking there was no way they'd be able to find me, I answered to her, "we'll be waiting for it."

Two weeks after the party I opened up my work email to a message simply titled 'Invitation'. It was the first of many emails we'd send back and forth to David and Cindy. After our little experience in their backyard they let us in on the secret that they held swinger parties at their home. It would be a year of sending emails back and forth, and lots of sleepless nights with our little one, before we decided to take them up on their invitation.

"Damian, you've been really quiet, are you alright?" my wife asked, bringing me out of my memories.

I looked at her, the ratty formless dress waving gently in the breeze. We were heading back, and this time we knew exactly what we were getting ourselves into.

"Oh yes, more than alright," I answered, and grabbed her leg affectionately.

The gate popped open automatically and we pulled into the large driveway. I maneuvered in at the end of a line of cars and turned off the engine.

"Okay, this is it," I said, turning to look at my wife.

I underestimated how forward she would be, because she had already opened the door and thrown off the seersucker dress. She stood in her cheap rubber flip flops and bent down to look at me through the car door while wrapping her towel around her body.

"Umm... are you coming?" she said with a quizzical expression on her face.

With how fast I jumped out of the car and yanked off my t-shirt and jeans, it could be assumed that a giant bug had gone down my collar. I took her hand and we walked to the front door. I was a little disappointed she had chosen to wrap herself in the big beach towel, but I knew she didn't have on anything underneath, which was a big turn on. I looked her up and down, and was still a bit surprised she was doing this. There were some lines we had crossed recently, but this was something big.

We saw another couple in the hallway past the door, putting their keys into a bowl at the front. The wife had on a maroon one-piece suit, and the husband black speedo briefs. As I got closer and my eyes adjusted to the indoor light, I noticed that both suits were mostly mesh with strategic skin-tone lining.

"Wow, those are stunning bathing suits, may I?" my wife said while holding her palm out.

"Yes, of course!" the woman said with a thick accent while curving her body so that my wife could run her hand along her waist.

"It is so soft! I gotta get one, where did you buy these?" my wife asked while gently caressing and feeling the fabric beneath her skin.

The man reached out a hand to shake mine, "I'm Ron, and this is my wife Natalie."

I introduced myself and wife as well, and we chatted for a bit. I lost track of what my wife and Natalie were talking about while Ron and I talked about how we had each met David and Cindy and then meandered to our hobbies. The thing that struck me was that the conversation wasn't forced at all, and sex didn't even come up. It almost felt like I was in my own house, walking around naked just wasn't a big deal. A light breeze came through the door and we all agreed to head outside into the warmth of the sun.

When we walked into the backyard a few more couples stepped over to us and said their hellos to Ron and Natalie, who I learned were longtime guests of these parties, and re-introduced themselves to us. If anyone was surprised to see us back, it didn't seem to cross their faces. David and Cindy had apparently also kept quiet about what had happened, so it really felt like we had a fresh start to do whatever we felt was comfortable. I let my eyes scan over the bodies around me and saw every type of bathing suit, as well as most every type of person underneath them. Some guys were wearing trunks, others brief style, but a few were sitting around with just a towel underneath themselves. The women's suits were more exotic, thin strips and tiny triangles, fabric that went completely sheer when wet, and one voluptuous woman had on a pair of star pasties and a thong. It seemed like the goal of the women's suits was more to show off assets and make a statement than any kind of protection from the elements. The group dispersed as David announced that the tri-tip was ready, leaving Kitty and myself looking for somewhere to put down our sunblock and towels.

"You know, with how people are treating me, I don't even feel naked," she commented with her eyebrows high.

"Well, you're not, so..." I answered, drawing out my response.

She laughed and pushed me, "you know what I mean!"

There was still plenty of room and a bed or two free, so I laid out my big yellow beach towel to mark the space on one of the round beds. Kitty looked at me and sat down, the towel still tightly wrapped around her. I sat down and soaked in the feeling of sun, but immediately felt how sensitive it was on skin that had never been exposed. I slathered myself up in sunblock and looked out at the pool. The rocky outcrops and carved steps looked like a natural spring, and the hot tub had a small waterfall that fell into the main pool.

Kitty moved closer to me and turned away, "can you do my shoulders?"

I warmed up my hands and applied generously to her neck. She was holding her hair up with one hand, and pinching the towel firmly with the other, but as I rubbed her skin her shoulders dropped and she let her hands fall to her sides so I would have better reach. When I had applied to all of the areas I could get to I moved to lay back down, but was surprised as my wife undid the towel and tossed it to the side.

My cock twitched and started to rise slowly. My wife was naked in front of everyone. Sure, there were some very sheer fabrics and basically visible nipples, but even the pasties woman had something on top. My wife's tits were out for everyone to see. I rubbed in sunblock on the rest of her back, looking around to see if anyone noticed. A few couples were casually talking and looking in our direction, but no one was openly staring. I adjusted so I could sit behind directly behind her and felt as my cock nestled down between her ass cheeks. I did my best to coat her body and gave special attention to her breasts, feeling as her nipples hardened under my fingertips.

After we sat for a few minutes to let the sunblock dry, she nodded at me to get into the pool. She didn't make any attempt to cover herself, and waded into the water casually. The temperature was set so perfectly I could barely feel it on my skin. We swam around a little, and a couple of women waved over to my wife to get her attention. She asked if I minded chatting with them, and I gave her a kiss before she swam over to them. I rested a bit on the side of the pool and then felt a tap on my shoulder, it was David, having given up his cooking duties to another friend.

"Hey, Damian, nice to see you made it," he said while slicking back his wet hair.

"We're glad to be back, it has been crazy lately," I responded.

"Email doesn't always convey emotion well. We know you guys said everything is okay, but I wanted to double-confirm. If you don't want me to make advances towards Kitty again, it won't happen," he said earnestly.

I told him the story of the sex that Kitty and I had after leaving the party, and how we had both enjoyed the sloppy seconds. His smile grew as I explained how we were really getting out of our comfort zone now and that we had made a few new rules but that we were both really looking forward to trying new things.

"It feels really different, right?" he said with growing excitement.

"Seriously, wetter than ever. Also, to answer your question... you're clear from me, she'll decide what happens. Though we do have a rule that we can only have sex once with the same person each party, so you'll have to decide what you want to do with that," I said with a laugh.

Another guy came up and us and dropped into the pool, nodding over at my wife, "I know that all these sexy suits are supposed to be the hottest thing, but seeing your wife just naked like a sea nymph is really hot. She is the only one, at least for now." 
