 Last weekend I was invited to a Kentucky Derby party by a girlfriend that was hosted by a couple she knew from work. I had no other plans and had never been to a Derby party before so I thought it may be interesting. I picked a mid-length silk blue tea dress with black dots and a pair of white strappy sandals. I wore a red strapless bra with matching thong and decided to not wear a hat since I really didn't have one that went with the dress and the party was inside. 

Since I didn't really know anyone else but my friend at the party, I decided to be a little late and the party was well underway when I arrived. There were about 40 people there and most were couples with a few single men and women sprinkled around as well as a handful of young kids. I called my girlfriend when I parked and she met me at the door and introduced me to the hosts and we mingled a little and decided to try the mint juleps which I found pretty tasty, lol.

The pre-race show was on and I ended up on a couch with a plate of snacks chatting with a few people. After a while, a beautiful red haired lady sat next to me and we started to chat. She was in her early 50s, about 10 years older than I, but we bonded pretty well and ended up having quite a lot to chat about. Her name was Nicole and she there with her husband and they were friends with the hosts. She was very interesting to talk to and we ended up in the kitchen when it was getting close to race time since everyone else was crowding into the living room. She was pretty direct about everything and she just volunteered that she had her breasts done after her first divorce and I have to admit they were very noticeable under her sleeveless sweater which was very tight. 

When the race was about to start we wandered into the living room which was standing room only at that point and, since she was taller and I, she pulled me next to a column that separated the dining room from the living room and stood behind me as the horses were being led onto the field. She had one hand on my hip and was looking over my shoulder and I was trying to decide if she was just friendly or hitting on me. I felt her breasts touch my back a few times and decided two could play that game, so pressed backwards into her breasts the next time they rubbed my back. I felt her hand tighten on my hip as I pressed back and she pressed her breasts harder against me. I felt her breath on my neck.

"Are you bi?" She whispered.

I nodded yes just as the race started and we watched the mud fly as the horses took off on the muddy track. I'm don't really know anything about horse races so just watched the race and when it was over, Nicole grabbed my hand and pulled me into the den where the conversation became very personal, lol. She was asking about what I liked, telling me about what she liked and that she and her husband attended swing parties. I told her about the group play that I had done. Her husband found us and she introduced me to Phil who was 55 and had an average build with nice salt and pepper longish hair. Nicole told him that I like the same kind of parties as them and that got his attention.

We ended up chatting and flirting for another hour until people started to leave. My girlfriend found us and told me she was leaving so I hugged her and told her I was leaving soon as well. She left and Nicole asked if I was going home or if i wanted to continue our conversation at their home. I knew what that meant and thought what the hell and told her I would follow them to their house. I told them what car I had and would meet them outside and went to say my goodbyes to the hosts and others I had met.

Nicole was waiting by my car when I reached it and we got in as she directed me to her house which was only about 15 minutes away. They lived in a large house on a wooded lot and she told me that her kids were out of college and one lived out of state and the other about an hour away but they still like the house and didn't want to down size yet. It was a very large house and Phil was already home making more Mint Juleps for us and an orange juice for himself. Phil said we was going to change and for Nicole to show me around. 

Their back yard had a large swimming pool with adjoining in-ground jacuzzi with a large patio area that was completely private. Nicole told me that they sometimes host parties here where guests go completely naked and the patio was designed for total privacy. She showed me the rest of the house which included a large movie room with 6 loveseat style couches that she said was perfect for two when they showed naughty movies. She showed me the large bedrooms and their truly massive master bedroom. It had a big 4-poster California King bed, large dressing area with sitting couch, attached to two walk-in closets, one of which Phil was in changing. The bathroom had a walk in shower with spay nozzles on the ceiling and along the walls. I think you could get 4 or 5 people in there!

We ended up next to their bed and Nicole faced me and put both her hands on my waist and gently kissed me. I opened my mouth and slipped my tongue along her lips and she opened her mouth as well and we kissed deep and long. We ended up pressing our bodies against each other and I have to say i was lost in our kissing when I felt Phil come up behind me and start to kiss the back of my neck. He slipped his hands around my stomach and pressed his body close to mine and I could feel his bulge in the small of my back. I pressed back against him, grinding my ass into him and pulled Nicole closer to me.

Phil grabbed the bottom of Nicole's sweater and started to lift it up. She raised her hands as he lifted it over her head and she reached behind her to un-fasten her bra revealing lovely large and full breasts with beautiful aureoles and erect nipples. I bent forward and sucked on one nipple while pressing my ass back against Phil. I felt him pull the straps to my dress off my shoulders and I pulled my arms through them and Phil pushed my dress down and he unfastened my bra and cupped both my breasts in his hands, kneading them. Nicole was stepping out of her pants and panties revealing a nice bald pussy with just a small landing strip above her clit.

I turned my head towards Phil and we kissed while he ground his hardening cock into my back. I reached behind me and discovered he was only wearing a robe and reached inside to grasp his cock. It was about 7 1/2 inches and very thick and completely shaved, including his balls. He groaned into my mouth as I stroked him and I felt Nicoles mouth sucking one of my nipples and pushing my dress the rest of the way down and felt her pull down my thong as well. I felt her kneel down as she started to lick my pussy and l leaned back against Phil and spread my legs so she could have better access.

After a few minutes of this, Phil picked me up and laid me on their bed and they each laid down on either side of me and each started to suck a nipple while their free hand started to touch and rub my stomach and legs. Nicole leaned up to kiss me as Phil kept sucking one nipple and began to lightly stroke my pussy and rub my clit. I opened my legs more, placing each of my legs over theirs. Phil gently bit my nipple causing me to moan into Nicoles mouth as he slipped a finger into my very wet pussy. Nicole moved up further and offered me her nipple which I began to kiss and suck as Phil offered two fingers to her and she sexily sucked and got wet with her saliva before he pushed them both into my pussy and began to slowly finger fuck me.

I felt Phil move from beside me and move between my legs which I pulled up spreading as wide as I could for him. Nicole moved up and straddled me and I began to lick her pussy. She tasted so sweet and was very wet already. I sucked on her clit, rubbing it with my tongue as Phil started to lick my pussy and suck my clit. He re-inserted two fingers into my pussy and began a slow, forceful finger fuck while he sucked my clit. I grabbed Nicole's ass with both hands and pulled her tighter against me as she began to grind on my face. i wrapped my legs around Phil's head forcing him tighter to my pussy. I licked lower and licked along Nicole's slit trying to get my tongue as deep in her pussy as I could. I pulled her closer to me and tried to lick lower to her ass but couldn't reach it. Nicole got the hint and stood over me with a foot on either side of my head and squatted over me and I spread her ass cheeks and lightly licked all around her hole.

I pulled Nicole tight against my mouth as my tongue pressed into her tight ass and I began to seriously eat her sexy ass. Phil continued his slow, forceful fingering of my pussy while he sucked harder on my clit. After a few moments of this, Nicole moved her hips forward so I could lap at her wet slit and then began to grind her pussy and clit against my face. Phil inserted a third finger into my pussy and continued to finger fuck me. I was in heaven from sucking and licking Nicoles pussy and ass and from the attention to my pussy from Phil.

Nicole then stood up and moved down next to Phil who stopped and moved up to straddle my head and kneeled down and offered me his balls which I eagerly began to lick and gently suck. Nicole pushed my legs forward and I felt her tongue on my ass, causing me to moan in pleasure. I sucked one of Phil's balls into my mouth and was licking it and then would suck the other one into my mouth as well. I grasped his cock and began to slowly stroke him as I continued to lick and suck his balls. Nicole's was working her tongue around and over my ass and I felt her press one finger into my hole.

I pulled Phil's thick cock towards me and began to slowly lick the underside up to the big mushroom head and gently licked around the tip. I opened my mouth wide and slipped just the head into my mouth and used my tongue to massage the sensitive underside of his cock head. Nicole had pushed her finger deeper into my ass and was slowly fingering me while sucking on my clit. I tilted my head forward to take more of Phil's cock into my mouth, but the angle made it difficult so Phil turned around so he was facing the other way and I tilted my head back and opened my mouth to accept his cock again. Phil started to push his cock slowly in and I just relaxed until his soft balls were resting on my nose.

Phil slowly pulled back and pushed in again. He began to face fuck me in a slow, steady rhythm while Nicole sucked my clit and fingered my ass. Phil kept fucking my mouth like it was a pussy and I just relaxed and enjoyed his hard shaft sliding in and out. I felt Nicole pull her finger from my ass and get up but couldn't see where she was going. Phil was holding himself up on his left hand while his right was squeezing my tits. He would grab one and squeeze, then pinch my nipple and twist it, then do the same with the other tit.

I felt Nicole lift my legs again and push them forward while she positioned herself with my legs over hers. I felt something hard press against my ass and knew she was going to fuck me with a strap on.

"Ready to take a second cock, Kayla?" Nicole asked.

I could only mumble a muted "Mmm hmmm" around Phil's cock.

Nicole slowly pushed her dildo into me, stopping and pausing to let my ass adjust to the girth. She then started to fuck my ass slowly until the strap on was fully inside me. It felt so good the way it stretched my ass every time she pushed in. I was lost in the exquisite sensation of being fucked in my ass while having Phil's hard cock fucking my mouth.

"Is her ass nice and loose, honey?" Phil asked Nicole.

"Oh, you will love her nice, tight hole!" Nicole answered.

Phil pulled his cock from my mouth and it was covered and dripping with my saliva. Nicole pulled out of my ass and laid down on her back.

"Come sit on my cock Kayla." Nicole ordered.

I quickly straddled Nicole and positioned my sopping pussy over her strap on and pushed myself down on it. I began to rock up and down on her strap on, grinding myself hard against Nicole causing her to moan as the strap on pushed back against her clit. I felt Phil move up behind me and press his cock against my ass.

"You want it bare or condom?" Phil asked.

"No condom." I panted, "I want your cum in my ass."

Phil groaned as his cockhead slipped into my well lubed ass and began to slowly push his thick member deeper into me. I arched my back and leaned down to kiss Nicole as my ass stretched to accommodate Phil's cock. Phil was experienced and knew how to slowly let my ass get accustomed to his cock while he worked his full length into me. By the time he was fully inside me, i was ready for him to really fuck me. Instead, Phil slowly pulled about halfway out then slowly pushed back in. He did this several times as I began to rock back and forth on Nicole's strap on. 

I was grinding hard down making the strap on go as deep as possible while Nicole pumped her hips up so both our clits were getting some good pleasure. Phil was keeping a slow steady pace and my ass was feeling great with his big cock sliding in and out. Nicole started to shudder and I could tell she was starting to cum. Phil must have been waiting for this because as soon as Nicole stopped cumming, he began to thrust harder. He was pulling almost all the way out and then ramming fully into me with harder thrusts. His thrusts made me grind harder on Nicole's dildo.

"Damn!" Phil exclaimed. "Your tight little ass feels so good!"

"Yeah Baby!" Nicole chimed in. "Fill her ass with your hot cum!"

She pulled me close to her and began to kiss me hard as Phil began to really fuck me hard and fast. His thick cock was making me feel so good and my pussy was still impaled on Nicole's strap on and I was in heaven with all the good sensations. Phil was using both hands on my shoulders to keep me pinned down on top of Nicole and thrust sharply into me several times and then one big, long thrust so he was fully inside me and I could tell he was shooting his cum into me. He pumped a few short thrusts into me as he finished emptying his seed.

We all sort of collapsed, Phil rolled off me and I rolled off Nicole and her strap on and we just sort of lay entangled with each other for several minutes. Phil was laying on his back and Nicole took off her strap on and laid on top of Phil and started kissing him passionately. I just laid there on my stomach still panting, enjoying the afterglow of having my pussy and ass filled. I was watching Nicole grind on Phil and she noticed me watching.

"Phil recovers quickly Kayla." Nicole said. "I want to see him fuck your pussy."

"Mmm!" I purred. "You get him hard and my pussy is all his."

Nicole slid down Phil's body and began to lick his balls. She pushed his legs up and started to finger his hole which made him start to squirm and moan. She continued to finger his hole while sucking and licking his balls and I rolled over onto my back to watch. After a few minutes of Nicole playing with his balls and ass, his cock started to twitch and grow. I decided I should help so moved up next to Nicole and leaned down and began to kiss one side of his balls. Nicole sucked one ball into her mouth and I sucked the other one into mine. Phil began to moan loader and his cock started to grow quicker. 

Nicole moved up and began to slowly stroke Phil's cock making him get harder. He was almost fully hard now so I laid on my back and began to slowly massage my clit. Nicole began to kiss and lick Phil's cock head as he got fully hard. He got to his knees and moved up between my legs and placed his cock against my pussy lips and began to move it up and down along my labia. Nicole was kneeling behind Phil and looking past his shoulder.

"Mmm, Baby!" Nicole cooed. "Look at Kayla's sexy pussy!"

Phil looked at me with a question on his face and I said "Fuck me with that big cock and cum inside me."

Phil slipped the tip of his cock inside me. I still had lube from Nicole's strap on inside me so his cock slid in easily and he began to push in. His thick cock slid all the way in and he groaned as fully seated himself in me. My pussy was feeling good with that filled feeling that I love so much and I lifted my legs so Phil could hold my legs apart. He leaned over me with my legs over his arms forcing my knees up to my breasts and making my pussy spread wide. Phil began to pull back then thrust down in hard even thrusts. I began to knead my breasts and pinch my nipples as Phil began to fuck me harder.

"Shit! Baby, I love to watch your cock fuck a juicy pussy!" Nicole exclaimed. "Does your cock like Kayla's pussy?"

"God yes!" Phil panted. "Her pussy feels great!"

"Pound her pussy harder, Baby!" Nicole demanded.

With every thrust down, Phil's cock rubbed along my clit and when he began to pound me harder, I could feel myself getting closer to cumming. I pinched and twisted my nipples as I got closer. Phil was thrusting very hard now and was beginning to sweat and I could see the strain in his neck, pecs and arms as he kept impaling me with hard, deep thrusts. 

"Oh my God, I'm gonna cum!" I cried.

But Phil never let up and kept his relentless pounding into my pussy while I came. He pounded into me another eight or ten times before driving into me with one big thrust and I could feel his cock spasm inside me and knew he was shooting his cum into me. He pulled back slightly and pushed in again as another stream of cum shot into me. He let me legs go and I wrapped them around his waist as he gave me a few more short thrusts to empty the rest of his cum in me.

Phil was laying on top of me and we were both panting and kissing as I kept my legs wrapped around him to keep him inside me for as long as possible. Nicole laid down next to us and we all kissed each other for a little bit as we caught our breath. As we lay recovering, Nicole explained that they occasionally have swing parties. She also said they like to have other special parties with select men and only Nicole and one or two other women. She wanted to know if I was interested and I told her I would love to. Nicole said she would email me the next time they have a party and we would set it up.