 Bang! Bang! Bang!

I was jerked out of my sleep and I looked around the unfamiliar room. My eyes focused on the door where the banging was coming from. Then my attention was drawn to this naked, adorable, sexy woman in my arms with a Harley Quinn jester hat on. The banging was reviving her and she started to unwrap herself out of my arms. Then the memories of the incredible sex we just had came rushing to my head.

It was completely anonymous sex and the only sense of identity we had of each other was of our Halloween costumes. I was dressed as Tobi from an anime show called Naruto, but now I was naked with only the black and white mask on. She was dressed as Harley Quinn from the Batman universe, but was only wearing the same article of clothing I was wearing.

Harley was petite and had a sexy, toned, and tight body. She had an adorable set of perky C-cup tits that had cute tiny pink nipples. The continuous banging was bothering her more and more and she began to squirm more out of my arms.

"Carlos! Carlos! Are you in there?" on the other side of the door was the voice of one of my friends that I drove to the Halloween party. "We got to go home motherfucker!" he slurred and yelled at me. Being the designated driver for your friends can really suck ass sometimes.

The gorgeous woman, Harley, was now completely up and alert. I never saw her face last night, except for the fact that she had blonde hair, but other than that I knew nothing about her and she knew nothing about me. Having completely free and liberated sex was a great thing, but the conversation I had with her before the sex was very captivating and interesting so I wanted to investigate who she was.

"Hey," I whispered at her "I have to go, but can I get your name and number so . . ." I was interrupted when one of my friends had the gall to kick in the door.

She shot up at the sound of the door being kicked in.

"Oh shit," one of my three friends shouted "Who is that fine bitch?!"

The second they entered the room she jumped off the bed, collected the clothes that made her costume, and sprinted out of the room with unreal speed. I didn't chase her because I was naked, but also due to the fact that I wasn't sure that I could catch her. Seeing her run away sent me into a fury and I aimed my frustration at my friends.

I flew off the bed and got in my friend's face "What the fuck?!" I roared with anger in my eyes "You couldn't have fucking called me or waited for me to get my shit together?!"

They responded by erupting into laughter, perhaps because I was trying to chastise them while being completely naked where only a mask. I realized how stupid I looked and ordered them to get out so I could get dressed and drive them home.

"Alright," then with a huge amount of sarcasm they said "Sorry we made you lose your pussy."

That comment hit me in the stomach. To me she wasn't just a pussy but a really intelligent and interesting individual that my friends managed to chase away in a single drunk rampage. I honestly didn't see her that way, but now there is a chance that she thinks I saw her that way. 

I got dressed, rounded up all of my friends and took them to my car to drive them home. I was in the worst mood as my friends continued to have a great time in the car, oblivious to how upset I was. After I dropped off everyone I got home at around one in the morning and was not ready to go to bed. The little nap I took with Harley, combined with my new found anger, and ensured that I wouldn't go to sleep anytime soon that night. So I took off my costume, put on some basketball shorts, a sweater, and some socks, and went to the living room to watch TV.

I was mindlessly flipping through channels as I was reliving the events of that Halloween night. I was snapped out of my trance when I heard the house front door creak open. Then I heard the unmistakable sound of high heels clacking on the hard wood floor of the living room. Without looking I knew exactly who it was.

"Have a fun night, Nidie?" I said without taking my eyes off the TV.

"Hey," I heard my sister, Neredia or Nidie for short, say and then my mom, Maria, said "Its okay baby, I made sure she didn't have too much fun." They giggled and it was clear that they were both very tipsy. I left my spot on the couch and saw my sister dressed as Sheva from Resident Evil 5 and my mother dressed as Princess Daisy, Princess Peach's sister. They were stumbling and using each other to stand still.

"You two didn't drive did you?" I asked, worried that the car was missing it's fender.

"Of course not, sweetie," my mom replied "A friend from work drove us home. He is a boy scout like you and didn't drink tonight."

"Thanks," I said with sarcasm "Let me help you guys into bed." I stood between the two of them and let them lean on me as I took them to up the stairs. When we reached the top my mom felt like she could make the three foot journey to the door of her room so I let her go. I then scooped up my sister in my arms and took her to her bedroom down the hall.

Carrying her was an effortless feat, since she was my height, 5'6", but weighed 25 pounds less at 110 pounds. Nidie always like to push my buttons, usually by barging into my room, and I would simply lift her out while she would fling insults at my 'brutality'. If she wasn't my older sister and treated me the way she did I would categorize her as a huge bitch.

I put her in her bed and was heading out the door. "Carlos," called my sister.

I turned around and said "Yeah, Nidie"

"Trashcan please." she said weakly.

I wanted to laugh, but instead I let a smile crack out and placed her small trash can next to her bed in arms reach. I left before I heard anything nasty. I was walking down the hall to the stairs when I heard my mom call out to me.

"Carlitos, help." she moaned as she was struggling to take off her costume. It was a big and extravagant yellow dress that required two people to remove. Obviously Nidie was in no condition to help so I had to come to the rescue.

"I got you, mom." I helped her out of the monstrosity and she was in nothing, but a frilly bra, panties, a garter and stockings. At 38 she was a definite MILF. It was bitter sweet having such an attractive mother. It was nice to have a mother who was happy and confident with her body, but having all of the hot mom jokes gets old quick. I knew I was a horny man, since the sight of my mother in such sexy lingerie brought a quick surge of blood to my penis. Thankfully it only became half hard.

"Thank you," she said and then gave me a big hug "I am sorry about that whole boy scout thing. It is just that for a 19 year old you are so mature and responsible that I don't want you to miss out in life. I mean you are here, home, sober, with no girl, and driving your friends home at the end of the night."

I felt like there were enough insults for the night so I gave my mom a good squeeze and said "Thanks mom, but I am having plenty of fun in life and don't need to come home drunk every night to do that."

"Hmm, okay, goodnight." she said and then I left the room and let her pass out. Hard to believe that my older sister and mom were acting like a group of teenagers and I was the responsible figure in my house. 

I went back to the living room and continued my absent channel surfing for a while longer. After a few hours I looked at the clock and it was almost three in the morning. I turned off the TV and headed for bed.

* * *

I woke up on Sunday at around eleven in the morning and felt terrible. I wasn't sure if it was because of the hectic night, babysitting everyone, getting a terrible night of sleep, or the fact that I was already missing Harley from last night. Regardless I wanted to clear my head the only way I knew how, by playing basketball.

I truly found bliss in being a lone soul on an empty court. A Sunday morning meant that the local basketball gym would be empty and it was exactly what I wanted. I really just wanted to be alone with my thoughts, doing something I truly loved.

So I put on some fresh clothes, got in my car, and set off for the gym. I arrived and headed straight for the gym. I walked through the double doors of the gym and saw the most disgusting sight I could imagine. My friends from last night shooting around in the gym. I was still angry at them for ruining last night, so I turned around to leave before they saw me. Unfortunately they noticed me and called out to me "Carlos!"

I ignored them and kept walking. My friends apparently didn't understand the fact that I had no desire to see them and chased me down. "Carlos where are you going?" asked my friend Josh, the one who kicked in the door last night "Don't tell me you are mad about last night?"

"Yes, I am still pissed that you guys got drunk and chased off that girl last night." I said trying to suppress the rage in my voice.

"What are you talking about?" asked my other friend Tony "You had sex with her, right? We handled that whole awkward 'see you never again' part." he said with pride.

"What if I didn't want that?" I said "She was really cool and I don't know how to talk to her now."

"Sorry," said my last, but closest friend Sam "We thought she was just a one-night-stand. Come on, how were we supposed to know that you wanted to get to know her? Girls that fuck on the first night are never keepers, you know that. We know you that is why we got our hung-over asses to this gym, instead of sleeping at home. Now quit moping and play some two on two."

I was beside myself that my best friends really didn't understand how I felt, but then I let their reasoning sink in. They were right. I was overreacting and they actually didn't do anything wrong, except for kicking in a door and seeing me ass naked with a girl. Plus they cared enough to be here to give me their version of an apology. So I accepted their offer and played a game of basketball with them.

I effortlessly demolished my sluggish friends. After the game they stayed to chat with me a little bit. They after a short while though. I stayed to practice my jumpshot for a while. About an hour past and afterwards I headed home to prepare for school tomorrow. I had class early and didn't like to be late so I relaxed for the rest of the day and went to bed early.

The next morning I showered, dressed, ate, and headed off for school; I was ready to put Halloween in the past and out of my mind. It was ten minutes before eight when I rolled into the parking lot and found a spot with ease. A blue Acura pulled next to my car and parked into the empty parking spot next to my car.

I looked into the car and saw that it was a hot blonde in the driver's seat. I knew the odds of it actually being her were very slim, but I was too curious to not investigate. I went back into my car and pretended to look for something while I waited for her to exit her car so I could snoop a little further. 

Finally she got out of her car and I saw her body. It was as close to Harley's as I could tell, but that wasn't what convinced me it was her. On her keychain was a small metallic Betty Boop. It was her; she had dangled those exact keys at me Halloween night.

She aimed her keys at her car, activated the alarm and then she strolled passed me, but I took a few quick steps and was walking along side her. With a smile on my face I said "Crazy Halloween huh?"

She looked at me with a confused face "Uhm, I am sorry, but do I know you?"

"I am the guy from last night," I stared at her expectantly, as if that was a secret code that would jog her memory, but then added "you know, we had sex before my friends ruined the night."

"Oh," she said flatly and with resentment and sped up her pace "you're that guy."

I increased mine as well and matched hers "I am sorry that my friends were such dicks and embarrassed you, but that wasn't my fault. They got drunk and did that dumb stuff. I had nothing to do with it."

She stopped walking and looked at me with anger. But then her scowl started to fade and she gave me a look full of thought. A few seconds passed and then she said "Okay, I believe you." My heart soared when I heard that. I gave her a small hug that turned into me picking her up off of her feet and giving her a kiss.

"Slow down cowboy," she said as she wiggled out of my arms onto her own two feet "I have class right now, but meet me in the photography room at 10:30 and we can pick up where we left last night, okay?"

"Yes ma'am." I said and pulled her in for one quick kiss. "Wait before you leave, I am Carlos."

"I'm . . . Chelsea." she said and with that we parted ways to our respective classes. It would be a long two hours until I saw her again. I didn't hear a word my professor said and the whole time I was in class I was daydreaming of what lay ahead. It gave me a hard-on that made sitting fairly uncomfortable.

At last the class ended and I went straight for the photography room. 10:20. I was a little early, but the troublesome part was that there was a sign that said 'CLOSED FOR MAINTENANCE'.

I grabbed the handle of the door and thought about the consequences of the door being locked or unlocked. If it was locked then Chelsea hated me and never wanted to see me again, on the other hand if it was unlocked then she felt the same way I did. I took a deep breath. Which would it be? Which would it be?

I gave the door a tug and it moved. I was ecstatic. I yanked it completely open and went inside. I flicked the light switch on, put my backpack on a counter and sat on the counter next to my backpack to wait. The room was empty except for the counters. Chelsea must be in the photography class if she knew that the room would be empty and to have a key to leave it unlocked. 

The ten minutes were crawling by so out of boredom I walked around the empty room. There was absolutely nothing in the room except for the counters and a door that lead to another room. I pulled on the handle, but the door was locked. 

Then from the door I entered through came in Chelsea. She looked so sexy wearing tight jeans that flattered her athletic firm booty. Her lovely C-cup tits filled her tight blue shirt and bounced with each step she took towards me.

When she reached me I opened my arms around her, but she broke out of my grasp and said "Uh uh, I want you to do something for me first."

"Whatever you want." I replied and then she reached into her purse and pulled out a plain black strip of cloth and lobbed it to me. I snatched it out of the air as it floated towards me.

"Put it on." she said.

"I don't wear thongs." I told her and a smile broke across her lovely face.

"It is a blindfold, dummy," she purred "I don't want you to see the surprise I have for you."

That was all I needed to hear so I wrapped the fabric around my head and waited for my surprise. I felt a pair of hands start to undo my pants and pull them down. I was already rock hard thinking about what we were going to do that my cock shot out at her.

"Oh baby," she murmured as she wrapped her fingers around the base of my cock "I don't remember you being this big last night." Then she put the head of my dick in her mouth. Her lips moved up and down the shaft.

Chelsea slurped my dick out of her mouth and said "One more thing," and I heard some metal clanking. I was curious to what it was "turn around so I can put these on" she said.

"What are they?" I asked.

"Handcuffs," she turned me around, took my hands behind my back, and slapped them on my wrists "don't worry this is going to be good." Then she yelled "Now!"

The blindfold was torn off of my face and I was shoved onto the floor. I looked up and saw a girl that was a mirror image of Chelsea with a camera taking pictures of me. The rapid flash of the camera was disorienting and I couldn't get my bearings to make sense of the situation. All I could do was lie there while she snapped away pictures of my ass.

Finally I realized that lying on the floor wasn't the best course of action so I rolled onto my back, sat up, and got to my feet. Once I was up I had no way to pull up my pants, which were now around my ankles. "What the fuck is this?!" I yelled as more pictures of my softening dick were taken.

Chelsea went over to my backpack and emptied out the entire contents onto the floor "Where is it?" she asked.

"Where is what? And what the fuck is this?!" I replied.

"The video that your friends made of her last night." growled Chelsea's copy, while taking more pictures of me.

"What are you talking about?! I didn't make any video last night. I was with this girl in a Harley Quinn costume last night." I explained, hoping they would understand that they had the wrong man, because I certainly had the wrong woman.

"Tobi?" said Chelsea's clone quizzically. My heart skipped a beat.

"Harley?" I replied. I couldn't believe it.

"Holy shit! Is this the guy you told me about, Sarah?" questioned Chelsea.

"Don't use my real name, bitch!" whined Sarah. I let out a chuckle. Two blondes screwing up a plan, it was such a cliché.

"Sarah ... can you please undo these handcuffs?" I pleaded "And maybe you could delete all of those pictures you just took?"

She nodded in agreement, rushed over to me and unlocked the handcuffs. I pulled up my pants and looked at the two women and started "Alright it looks like there is a big misunderstanding so why doesn't Chelsea, or whatever your name is, explain everything?"

"Susan, my name is Susan. I am Sarah's twin sister," she said in a low voice, almost a whisper "Okay so I went to that Halloween party as Tinker Bell . . ."

When I heard that I had to interrupt her "You were dressed as Tinker Bell? I saw you arguing with Sarah. What was that about?"

Sarah said "You know that I was the designated driver and we came together in her car. I was getting tired of drunk guys hitting on me. I could tell that she was super drunk and told her it was time for us to go home, but that guy she was with took her away."

Susan continued "I was really drunk and I don't remember everything from last night. I just remember that after me and that douche bag did 'it' a group of guys busted in with a video camera. They told me that they got the whole thing on video and that they were going to use me as a 'cum-dumpster' until they got sick of my body. I thought you were with those guys so I asked my sister to help me set this up. I was going to blackmail you to make them give me back that video."

"How did you find Susan?" Sarah asked me.

"The Betty Boop on her keychain. I remember seeing them on the keychain you jingled and I thought it was you." I said "Why didn't you want me to see your face last night?"

"I was defensive. I didn't know what you were thinking. Like I said a ton of guys were already hitting on me. I thought you were just another guy trying to get laid." said Sarah.

"But she fucked you anyway." chimed in Susan.

"Thank you, Susan, I think he knows that. I don't know. When you called me Harley, I got excited. Plus your costume was really cool too. Something felt right, call it women's intuition." said Sarah.

Susan announced "Call it being horny. She needed what you gave her last night. I am a little jealous because I was looking for a guy to ... how did you say it, Sarah? 'Fuck me senseless' right?" Sarah's face turned a bright pink when Susan said that. Obviously one was more comfortable about sex than the other. Seeing her sister embarrassed made Susan start to giggle.

"Best sex of her life, thank you for giving her that big dick last night." she winked at me. Then her eyes widened and she licked her lips. She took some steps towards me. I could feel her sexual intention. It was making my dick stand at attention already.

"Sarah I think we should do something for Carlos since we did ambush him. Maybe suck his dick for real?" Susan suggested. The audacity, but her boldness only made me that much harder. I looked at Sarah, who had recovered, and she moved over next to her twin sister. "I think you are right, Susan."
