 I never thought of myself as sexually-adventuresome, actually. Well, until recently, I didn't.

My sexual history is pretty standard, the uneasy gropings in middle school trying to figure out how to give a proper handjob, not as easy as most boys think it is. Just ask us girls.

Then high school, where the gropings turned more into eager exploration and, yes, couplings. I was fucking by the time I was a junior, on the pill, doing it every afternoon after school with a steady boyfriend.

Two years of college saw numerous hook-ups, yes, lots of fun, nothing serious, just a lot of sex for the enjoyment of it. Then my money ran out and I went to work. It was a small company and the 'dating pool' was zero.

I hate the bar scene, so my dating was pretty much minimal.

One thing I have found, like the rest of us, is that even though my sex life is ups and downs, my libido, my sexual desires, they remain more or less constant. Actually, I even think they're growing. Well, I'm twenty and it seems like I'm getting messages from my pussy all the time.

So, again, like a lot of people, I'm sure, the internet has helped in its own way. I do go on a number of the porn sites, mostly looking for 'amateur' or 'homemade' videos rather than the ones with the pumped-up boobs and the one in a hundred guy with the ten-incher.

I also looked around some of the hook-up sites and, well, you know the name of the 'everything on earth for sale' site, you know 'Somebody's List,' right?

Then, one night, sitting with my laptop, surfing one-handed (need I explain?), I came across the listing: 2 yng men/1 yng wm seek gf for fun. And there was an email address for you to reply and send a pic.

Hmm. I must admit it got me wet. There were some unanswered questions, of course, were they looking for someone bisexual, so they can all three have fun with the applicant?

I had never had a thing for girls, though like so many of us, I have had my experiences. A couple of them in middle school at sleepovers, well, this was not unusual as far as I knew. And one in college that actually lasted for about four months and was rather intense. So, I was no stranger to girl-on-girl sex. I did like it, though my preference is for a cock, there's nothing quite like being full of a man's hard cock right when your orgasm sweeps you away.

I sat there, slowly rubbing my pussy as I stared at the screen. A foursome. I hadn't had any sex in five months. I went to my picture file and selected one I had taken in my bedroom mirror that showed me from the chin down. Well, pretty nice. I'm five-four, wavy blond hair to just above my shoulders, full B-cups, no sag at all, none, pretty, pink nipples, flat tummy, narrow waist, pussy shaved clean, yes, I should pass muster.

After I typed up an email about myself and attached the pic, I sat there looking at it for several minutes, then, finally, hit 'send,' and off it went.

I got home from work the next night, and there it was in my in-box, a reply. It was from Anna, Dean and Nick and, yes, they were interested in meeting me. They sent several pics, two of them full, naked shots, faces and all, and one of them dressed, I suppose, for work, suits, ties, dress, heels, the works.

They were a beautiful trio. Anna, twenty-two, had dark, black hair, silky complexion, tall, slender, at least C-cups, she was gorgeous. Dean, twenty-four, was tall, fairly muscular, wavy dark blond hair, wicked smile, strong chin, legs that looked like a life guard I once knew, and, oh, my, a cock that was beautiful. Yes, beautiful. I was so wet looking at these pic files.

Nick, listed as twenty-five, was standing on the other side of Anna, he was just shorter than Dean, a bit stockier, short brown hair, strong, muscular legs, flat stomach, and below it, again, a beautiful, long, thick cock. Both were circumcised.

I stared at the pictures for probably fifteen minutes, my hand up under my skirt, worked under my panties, rubbing the wetness around as I dreamed about these three attractive, sexy young people.

Then, I bravely and nervously punched in the phone number. It rang twice, then was picked up by a woman with a nice voice.

"Hi, this is Mia, from the ad I answered. I got your email, so I'm calling."

"Oh, yes, hi, Mia, glad you called. You were the only one we sent anything back to. There's sure some strange people out there. But, we all three agreed that we really wanted to meet you."

"Oh, that's nice, wow, I feel complemented."

"Well, good, we were really impressed by what you wrote and by your picture, you're really quite beautiful."

"Oh, you are too, all three of you."

"Yes, and I'm sure you saw the boys equipment. That's really them, I can promise you they know how to please a woman. Several women, actually," she said with a snicker. "We used to have a second girl with us but she's moved away. So, that's why we're looking. Any questions?"

"I don't think so, well, I'm assuming that you and I might do a few things, am I right?"

"Oh, if you want to. I've done girl stuff and like it but guys are my real thing. The girl we used to have with us, she and I would sometimes entertain the guys with some girl-on-girl action. So, is it something you wouldn't want to do?"

"No, I'm like you, guys are my main interest but a little girl-action's fine, too."

"Oh, also, anal, none of are really into that, so it's not part of our fun."

"Fine with me, never done it and I'm not especially interested in it."

"So, wanna get together and meet and talk?"

There it was. I let my pussy answer.

"Sure, when and where?"

Then she told me where they live, it's a house and we set a time for the next evening and that was that. She said if it worked out, I should plan on staying over and since it was a Friday, we wouldn't have to cut things short the next morning.

I masturbated three times that night, twice looking at the photos they had sent, once in bed when I was just too horny and excited to sleep.

Friday, was a lost day at work. I just couldn't concentrate and finally, finally, five o'clock rolled around and I drove to the address Anna had given me, a nice house just on the edge of the suburbs of our small city.

I grabbed my small overnight bag and nervously but excitedly walked up the front steps and softly rapped on the door.

Anna opened the door, she was even prettier than her photo, "Come in, Mia, oh, you are so pretty, well, your face matches the rest of you. We're in the living room."

We walk down a short hall and turn in and there are the two guys, Nick and Dean, sitting on the sofa. They rise and Anna says, "Here's Mia, fellows, see, I knew she'd be perfect," and they each shook hands with me, which, knowing why we were all there, was a bit odd but what else would one do?

They all three were young professionals from the look of it and each very nice-looking.

Anna got us all a glass of wine and we chatted for some time about this and that, often touching on sex, what we each liked, what we had each done, what we might want to do. I did relax and, yes, the wine helped, but the three of them were the main reason, they were all so nice and comfortable to be with.

"Well, the guys and I would like for you to join us as our girlfriend if you'd like, Mia. Any other questions, comments, feel free to say 'no' if that's what you want, it's quite all right with us."

"No, I think I'd like to do it, you all seem really nice and, well, sexy, too."

"Ah, let's have another glass of wine, then, and toast our new partnership," Anna said and we all clinked our glasses.

After a few more sips, Nick said, "Well, now that we're all friends and soon to be lovers, I suggest that we undress you. Is that all right, Mia?"

Was I wet. Oh, my pussy was on fire.

"I think that would be lovely," I said and we all stood up as they gathered around me. The first was Anna who kissed me gently on the lips and began slowly unbuttoning my white blouse. When she got it off, she leaned forward and gave me another kiss, again, soft and sweet.

Next, Dean moved in front of me, took me in his arms and kissed me very romantically, it was really nice, just sexual enough for the moment, then I felt my bra loosen as he moved back and took it off my shoulders. I was so wet.

"You're so pretty, Mia, even nicer than your photo. May I?" he asked as he nodded down to my breasts. I smiled and nodded and his hands folded around my breasts as he bent down to kiss each nipple. I was trying not to shake but there were a few shivers as he pulled a nipple into his mouth and began sucking.

He just sucked for a minute or two but it felt wonderful, not too hard, my nipples are sensitive and I don't like them sucked real hard or bitten hard; gently, yes, mmm.

Then, Dean moved aside as Nick kissed me, again, a nice romantic kiss, the kind I was hoping for in the beginning. When he pulled away from our kiss he began to kneel, kissing each breast on his way down, then unzipped my skirt and dropped it to the floor, leaned in and tongue-kissed my navel. His next kiss was on my abdomen, then right on my low-cut panties exactly over my clit as he pulled them to the floor, then licked my freshly-shaved pussy sending shivers through me.

Then, Nick stood up and led me down the hall to a bedroom and to the king-sized bed. I got on and all three joined me.

"We've decided, Mia, that this is your day with us, we want to welcome you and do everything to make you feel good," and she held my feet and eased them apart, got down and began kissing and tonguing and licking me in that wonderful way that only another woman can do.

Dean and Nick were on either side of me, kissing and licking me on my neck and shoulders, slowly moving to my breasts where each took a nipple to suck as their hands caressed all over me. I had a hand on each cock, gripping them, squeezing gently, rubbing my thumb in the precum oozing out.

Anna's hands were also caressing my skin down below, I just had hands and mouths all over me making me feel quite wonderful. Especially Anna's mouth, oh, she was so good, knowing exactly where to lick and tongue me, I've had a number of guys do oral on me and a few girls but Anna was magic.

"Oh, oh, this is so good, oh, I can't...UUNH, UUNH, UH, uh, mmm, mmm," and my whole body froze as wave after wave of sensuous pleasure flowed across me, I was just swept up to the skies.

Anna looked up at me, her face agleam with my juices, smiling, knowing how she made me feel, then lowered back to softly lick my enlarged clit sending shivers out in circles as Nick and Dean continued to caress me and suck my nipples. It was bliss as I lay there being welcomed like no other time in my life.

Then, she got up and Dean took her place between my legs, waddling forward, holding his cock as he pressed it to my pussy lips, drenched with wetness, and pushed in, filling me up with his sizable cock. Nick was kissing me as Anna was caressing my breasts. I had one hand on Nick's cock, one on Anna''s hip rubbing her soft skin.

As Dean's cock began its work, my pussy was feeling wonderful being filled so full. Anna's oral pleasuring, truly stellar, was now replaced by exactly what my pussy was intended for, a man's hard, eager cock.

"Oh, Mia, yes, you were the right one, I knew it when we looked at your picture but, oh, you are so tight, your pussy is fabulous."

Well, his cock was pretty fabulous, it filled me quite nicely and he was pushing down into me at the bottom of each stroke which I just love. I would wiggle my hips every time he pushed in, oh, it did feel good.

We were both breathing pretty hard, I know my heart was running like mad as my nipples began to tingle and a warm feeling began radiating out across my body from where his cock was pleasing me so much.

"Mmm, oh, yes, this...UUH, UUH, MMM, UUH, uh, mmm, oh, lovely, just wonderful, mmm, thank you, Nick, oh," and I closed my eyes as the pleasure washed back and forth over me. This was sex at its best.

He kept inside me for a few more minutes until he cummed, then pulled out for Dean to take over.

I have never had such an intense session of sex as what these three were giving me, each one gentle and caring and affectionate.

"Ready for more?" Dean asked as he got between my legs.

"Thanks for asking, yes," I answered with a broad grin. His cock pushed into me as some of Nick's cum was displaced, running down my butt. He began moving in and out, his hands rubbing over my mound, making my clit feel so good, as the other two kept me feeling good in their own ways.

"Mmm, Nick's right, you're tight. Oh, nice, yes, we picked the right woman, all right. I think you're gonna like being with us."

"I sure am so far, this is so wild and so good, mmm, just the best."

Dean was keeping his cock deep inside me, all the way in, just taking short strokes, maybe an inch or two, I can't remember ever being fucked this way but it really felt good. His cock was long, too, and he was rubbing me very deep inside where it felt so good.

My nipples were sucked by Nick and Anna whose hands were also all over me massaging me, caressing me, just lightly brushing my skin. I was just totally immersed in their loving of my body.

Dean kept moving just a little back and forth, pushing each time he went in, reaching a wonderful place far up inside me, a place that I wanted him to frequent, a place that felt marvelous when he rubbed the head of his cock up in me, oh, it felt so good. 

I was so turned-on, so stimulated, that I soon began trembling as wave after wave of warm, velvety pleasure swept across my body, on and on, I was ecstatic. It was a truly peak orgasm and all three just kept going on and on.

They continued to rotate around me, pleasuring me in every way, with cock and tongues and hands and lips, for hours and hours.

Finally, I think it was about two in the morning, they all cuddled around me and we fell into a deep, peaceful and exhausted slumber.

Of course, there were times I would wake up, I was, after all, in bed with three other people, but I quickly realized where I was and who I was with and went right back to sleep with the happiest pussy I'd had in a long, long time. Well ever, actually.

The next morning, they again basically took turns on me again, almost like the evening before. They told me they were welcoming me into their circle but I was just blitzed with sex from the three of them, almost nonstop.

That began our weekends together as a foursome, giving sex to one another, getting sex from one another. Whatever any one of us wanted, they got, whatever one of us wanted to give, they gave, it was sex on a scale that I'd never dreamed possible.

After about four months, they made me an offer that truly changed my life; they asked me to move in with them.

We now all live together, each with their own bedroom, rarely, well, never, really, sleeping alone, always in bed with one of the guys, there is sex with one or more of my three lovers every day. We are mostly naked around the house and it is common for sex to take place wherever we are in the house, even watching television or a movie.

I never knew there could be so much sexual fulfillment. All from a simple ad.