 This story is completely fictional. It is nothing more than a fantasy of mine. Thanks for reading! Feel free to leave comments at the bottom!!

*****

What would it be like to be with a gay guy, Roxi thought to herself. I doubt I would meet one willing to figure it out. But I wonder.

She had been watching a gay couple making out at the bar. It made her wonder what they were planning on doing later. The thought made her wet, so she clenched her legs and looked away. She really needed to find an open gay guy. She wanted to know what it was like to be with a man who had experience being a submissive. Niko wanted a guy to play with anyway, so she was at the bar, hoping for a miracle.

A couple tables away sat a guy playing on his phone. He didn't seem to care about what anyone was saying, doing, or talking about. He was checking out a couple guys and texting someone. Roxi watched him for a few minutes with interest. He was barely taller than her, with a dark brown (obviously color treated) long-ish fohawk, and soft, bored eyes. She didn't know what color they were from across the bar, but they looked dark. He was wearing a t-shirt with a skull on it and faded jeans. From what Roxi could see, he looked kind of preppy, but looks were usually deceiving. Resolving that the worst he could do was tell her no, she headed over to his table and sat down.

"I saw you staring at me. What do you want? I'm not interested in women, so if that's what you're looking for-"

"It's not." She blurted, cutting him off. She made herself comfortable and leaned closer to him. "If you're interested in having fun, I'm going to go have a smoke."

With a grin, she slid off the stool and headed outside. On the side of the building was a covered nook where she sat and puffed on her cigarette. The menthol flavor bothered her a little, but not as bad as the taste of a regular smoke. She only smoked when she drank or when she was super stressed. At the moment, with a couple long islands in her and not being with a woman in so long, she really needed one. The nicotine calmed her down and cleared her head, got rid of the ache. She tossed the first one and lit a second, taking a calming drag. From around the corner, she heard a clicking of heels. As she suspected, it was the guy from inside, but he was dragging someone with him.

"Sorry I took so long to come talk to you, I had to go grab my friend here. This is Maddie. She's only 19, but I thought you should be able to have some fun as well." He winked at her and motioned for her to lead the way. The girl next to him was gorgeous, but thankfully no taller than Roxi herself. To Roxi, she looked like a sexy raggedy ann doll. Freckles, curly red hair, long legs, and bright blue eyes. The girl had legs for days, and a perfectly round ass. She had a narrow waist and small breasts, only about a B cup. She was wearing what barely passed for a dress. Sitting on the step where she was, she was lower than Maddie, and could see that her sheer panties were already wet. With a wicked grin, Roxi nodded at the girl and started for her car.

Once they were settled and one the road, Maddie started babbling. Her bubbly personality kept them all laughing the whole way to the house. It was hard not to smile around the girl, she was a ray of light. She was going to bring Niko home quite the surprise. 

~*~

When they were back at her house, the four of them sat in her living room and talked. Her new lesbian friend Maddie was in only her bra and panties, her sheer pink thong not covering much. Niko was in his trusty basketball shorts, the only thing he wore when he was lounging at home. Roxi had changed into a short blue silky nightgown with a matching robe. It barely covered the swell of her cleavage, but that was the point. She wanted Maddie to see them. Finally, Ian was only in his boxers. He was well built, like Niko, with toned arms and abs. He had some pudge, here and there, but it made him look softer, not rounder. He was tan, but not too dark, he and Niko were close on that one as well. The difference between the two was that Ian had a rounder face, where Niko's was very angular and defined. They sat by the fire and talked while she watched with a smile.

She noticed Maddie stand and walk away, but not towards the bathroom. Instead, she was going for the spare bedroom. Assuming she was just confused and lost, Roxi jumped up and followed the girl into the other room. When she stepped in the room and shut the bedroom door behind her, she was jumped.

~*~

Back out in the living room, as soon as the girls had left, Ian leaned over and kissed Niko. Surprised, but not disturbed by it, he responded in kind by moving closer. For kissing a guy, this was definitely not that bad. Teeth nipped lips playfully, causing gasps of surprise and lust from both of them. In front of the fire, they embraced, hands roaming over muscle, exploring every inch. With every touch of lips, they each became more feral. Ian ran his nails down Niko's back, making him shudder and whimper. Hands ran underneath the waistband of shorts and boxers.

Ian smiled and grabbed his friend's cock, mouth watering at the thought of tasting it. Niko gasped and thrust his hips forward. When lips closed around him, his breathing got shallow. He moaned and enjoyed the sensations he was experiencing until it was just too much to handle. When he was close to cumming, he pushed Ian onto his back on the rug and yanked his boxers off. Ian didn't have a chance to argue before his entire 9 1/2 inches was buried deep in Niko's ass. 

~*~

In the bedroom, Maddie was pinned facing the door. She dug her nails into the wood and screamed in pleasure. As soon as the door had shut, she had tried to get the upper hand and lost. When she had turned to grab and kiss the girl, Roxi was already out of the way. Instead, she ended up pushing Maddie up onto the door with her ass sticking out. Without warning, she spread the girls ass cheeks and stuck her tongue into the forbidden bud. The taste overwhelmed her instantly. Sweet but exotic, kind of like the girl herself. So tight, it hurt her tongue after a few minutes, so she used her fingers instead. The girl in front of her moaned her approval. She arched her back and adjusted her perky little ass for better access, but Roxi pulled away.

"Why don't you go lie on the bed? I have something special," she said with a nasty grin. Maddie shuddered and obeyed, lying on her back with her legs spread. Roxi followed her, propping in between them and sticking her tongue in the girls sopping wet pussy. She felt muscles twitch and shake beneath her. Her fingers found Maddie's ass again and pushed. With barely any resistance, they slid in. She felt the girl shake beneath her as her moans echoed around the room. Pulling her finger out, she kissed the girls clit and stood up.

"Don't move," she said before leaving the room to go grab her toys.

~*~

"Fuck me harder!" Niko said to Ian while he was bent over the back of the couch. Ian was thrusting his cock in and out of her boyfriend's ass with a vengeance. He was enjoying every inch of it, too. They didn't even notice her sneak by and slink into her room. She pulled on her thigh high fishnets, clipped on her garter belt and finally fastened on her strap-on.

When she went shut her bedroom door, the boys were changing positions. She thought for a moment and grabbed Maddie out of the spare bedroom. Now, Ian's dick still nestled safely in Niko's ass. It made her wet just thinking about it. He was bouncing on Ian's cock, not caring what was going on around them, so the 19 year old made a beeline for him and swallowed his. Smiling, Roxi stepped behind Maddie and lifted her ass in the air. Mouth still around Niko's cock, she obliged, wiggling her way onto the fake dick being pushed into her own ass.

Roxi started slow, reveling in the sound of the whimpers coming from the girl. She pulled out slowly, watching her fake cock slide out of the tiny hole. Just as slowly, she slid it back in. Shivers ran down her spine as she ran her nails down Maddie's. They both shook with pleasure. The teenager in front of her started moving faster, fucking herself in the ass. Her moans got louder. She deep throated Niko, who gasped as Ian thrust into him hard. The scene in front of her turned her on so much, she did the same. She lost herself in the reality of what was happening and started moving her hips. Maddie cried out in pleasure, "oh, yes!" Roxi smacked her ass and thrust harder and faster. One of the straps for her harness rubbed her clit as she pounded the girl's ass.

They switched positions after a bit. This time, Ian bent over the couch and crooked his finger at Roxi with a grin. She cocked her head in suspicion and raised an eyebrow. Niko took her hand and guided her behind his new friend. He squatted and stuck his tongue in the man's ass, making Ian shake and cry out. Maddie followed and slapped the creamy white skin, looking back at Roxi and motioning for her to come closer. Ian looked her in the eyes and smiled. He wanted it just as much as she did. He pushed Niko away and she took his place. He had such a cute little asshole, small like her boyfriend's, so she dove right in. He dug his nails into the couch and moaned. While her tongue was in his ass, Niko was underneath him with his mouth full of cock.

When Roxi felt her new toy's ass was nice and lubed, she stood up and lined up her strap on with his tiny hole. He groaned and pushed back onto her until it slid in. He didn't stop pushing, he fucked his own ass with her dildo hard. After a moment, she got into the rhythm as well and started hammering away at him. Ian started moaning louder with every thrust, panting that he was about to cum.

"Not a chance," Roxi said to him, slowing her thrusts. Niko pulled him out of his mouth, as well, only using hands to keep him aroused. Ian whimpered and begged to cum, making Roxi laugh. In response, they moved to the bedroom. She had him on all fours, with his legs spread wide so she could grab them for leverage. To get a better angle, she leaned forward with her legs spread a little. It was her favorite way to fuck Niko.

Out of nowhere, she felt something touching her own ass. It was Maddie. She had found the second dildo and was slowly pushing it into Roxi. Her thigh muscles clenched out of instinct, impeding the girl's progress. Maddie wasn't discouraged for long. With the assistance of Niko, they used tongues and fingers to lube up her ass, but it wasn't the dildo that was put inside her.

"Hey baby, do you enjoy fucking his ass?" she heard suddenly in her ear. Her boyfriend's arm slid around her stomach slowly and pulled her close, sliding his rock hard 8 inches into her ass. The verbal stimulation combined with how slow he was entering her sent her into a small orgasm, making her body quiver. His nails ran down her back, making her close her eyes and moan. He filled her so perfectly, without pain. It was wonderful. She had begun to enjoy it so much, she usually didn't want him to stop until it started hurting.

When she opened her eyes and looked down, Ian's face was buried in Maddie's perfect little pink pussy. She didn't know why, but seeing a gay man with his face buried in a lesbian's pussy sent Roxi over the edge. She grabbed Ian's thighs and pounded his ass as hard and fast as she could, fucking her own ass with Niko's cock at the same time. When her orgasm started, she watched Maddie tense up and scream "oh...oh...oh...OH...FUCK!!" She still didn't let either of the boys cum, she wanted them to finish each other off.

Niko took her spot, and she had Ian flip onto his back. Her boyfriend's dick slid smoothly into the gay man's ass. When he was all the way in, he bent lower and they kissed, intensely. Ian reached down and grabbed Niko's hips, pushing him away and pulling him close. Tongues twirled around each other, sharing moans and breath. Roxi felt herself getting wet again, so she threw Maddie on the bed next to Ian and shoved her strap on in her ass. Maddie screamed "YES!" and started fucking the fake dick as soon as it was inside her. Alongside her boyfriend, they pounded away at their guests asses, Ian cumming all over his stomach and face while Niko came in the man's abused asshole. After he pulled out, Niko and Maddie took turns licking cum off of Ian's chest and sharing it with a kiss.