 Ratman39 provided proofreading and editing of this story. Thank you, Ratman39 – you totally rock! 





Connie is tossing and turning but heading into a dream state, as she sees Dave standing over her and keeps hearing the words, "I will enjoy hiding, watching and waiting for the perfect time to take you again." Still in her dream, Connie is lying down and starts to feel helpless and is getting wet with thoughts of Dave looking down at her. 

Connie awakens, startled by the events of her dream. She cannot help but notice that she is quite wet, and says to herself, "I can't believe it, dreaming about Dave has my pussy so wet that my panties are soaked. What a great dream to have with Dave in it, and I hope that keeps happening each night unless it is happening for real." 

Connie gets up heading to the shower as she lets the shower water run, so it is nice and hot while removing her dampened panties and t-shirt that she slept in. Connie steps under the water and stands there just enjoying how it feels as the water is spraying on the back of her head. She relaxes while wondering what her sister might be into with what happened last night. She takes her time lathering up her hair and the rest of her body. Connie enjoys shaving her pussy completely bare just like her twin sister Bonnie, one of many things that they have in common.

Connie steps out of the shower and begins to dry herself off when she is startled by a sound coming from downstairs on the main floor of her sister's house. Connie freezes in place as she feels her heart skip a beat. She can't deny hearing heavy footsteps. The sound reminds her of the footwear Dave and the other guys were wearing, and she says to herself, "I hear the sound of men wearing boots, walking on Bonnie's hardwood floor. The sound echoes and I must say it is making me tremble." 

Then Connie hears the sound of a man's voice saying, "She owes you for the previous infraction."

Another voice speaks saying, "This will be so sweet to watch. I enjoy watching a sexy lady being fucked. Dave, can't wait to watch you make her pay with pleasure for her not listening to you yesterday." 

Connie hears Dave's voice saying, "Guys bet you can't wait for another special treat from our hot friend." 

One of the guys responds with, "How and where?" 

Connie catches the last words being spoken and starts to worry as she is unable to move for a minute or so. As she regains her composure, Connie thinks to herself, "I can't match their ability to plan or the physical strength that Dave and the other guys have, and if I stay focused and follow their instructions, I should not bring any undue hardship on myself. 

Connie says to herself quietly, "The need to be quiet but speak clearly when needed should allow me to try and be a submissive lady and enjoy the pleasures they will bring to my body." 

She finishes drying off, giving her long hair a quick fluffing with the damp towel while remembering that the guys think she is Bonnie her twin sister. Connie thinks to herself, "Since I am enjoying the situation, I will not correct them yet." 

The sounds of the men's voices can be heard in the distance as she wonders what is to come since they are talking in the basement. She can barely make out the words but hears, "Look Dave; there are several poles right here acting as support beams to the upstairs, a great place to put her in handcuffs attaching her to a pole for her spankings or even a good fuck." 

She hears a familiar voice saying, "Gentlemen; it does not get any better than this. Look at this set-up. I'm getting hard just looking at all the ways we can use this basement to have fun with our sexy friend." 

Connie starts having shivers running down her spine as she needs to gather up all her strength to get dressed. She understands they will be waiting for her, and if she tries to leave the house it will only make things far more difficult for herself. 

This new and unique situation creates some fear but also has Connie somewhat excited and feeling a little wet. Connie says to herself, "It is snowing quite heavily outside so it is not like I could go anywhere in a hurry. I would have to shovel out part of the driveway at the back before I could even move the car from Bonnie's garage. This means my decision just to stay inside, try to have some fun and enjoy myself is the right choice." 

Connie slips into her blue jeans deciding to go without panties and a T-shirt then thinks about how Dave sounded when he used the word "Punishment" before he left the last time. Connie ponders to herself, "Wonder if he just meant to use the word 'Spanking' or am I in for even more? Dave says things that don't make much sense to me, but I am afraid to question him as I don't want to upset in any way. With what he said, I have to make sure I talk at the right time and explain things the way he is looking for or he will punish me." 

Connie slips on a pair of black moccasin slippers and decides she had better head down into the basement. She thinks, "My moccasins will keep my feet warm, and the way the leather fits snuggly on my feet as if they are a part of me feels good. This way they won't hear me coming." Connie feels awkward about her decision but decides to make her way down the first set of stairs enroute to the second set of stairs she pauses before entering and into the basement. 

The sound of silence is deafening. Connie starts to have shivers run through her body again as she thinks to herself, "Where are they? What should I do in this situation?" Connie desperately wishes her twin sister Bonnie was with her. 

Connie heads over to the dryer deciding to try and keep herself busy, as she starts folding towels and bedding. She feels quite vulnerable since the front load dryer requires her to squat down to pull things out of the front loader. She thinks, "Dave might take me when I am squatting down at the dryer, and my back is turned to the rest of the basement." 

Connie slowly brings her sexy looking ass to the floor as shivers run through her body in anticipation of what might be coming. 

Connie would not be disappointed, as all of the sudden she hears footsteps and someone grabs a handful of her long brown hair. One of the guys says, "Hey, sweetie," in a stern voice more like a growl, he continues, "We need to teach you something." 

He uses his strong grip on her long hair to bring her up to her feet, so she is standing but hears him say, "You need to be taught how to clean a house." He keeps his fist wrapped tightly around her hair while moving her forward. This way he is not allowing her to see his face from this position he continues saying, "This is an infraction, and as discussed previously, all infractions will be paid by you receiving another ass fucking. Look at all this clutter in your basement, and what is this stuff piled on the two beds over in your back bedroom? We will have lots of fun with you down here after we make you clean off these beds." 

Connie starts to speak saying, "Please." 

Then the man from which she can't see just growls, and says. "Be quiet I am not finished, if you speak out of turn again we will add to the number of infractions that as you know can only be paid by you getting ass fucked." He guides her by using the tight grip he has on her long brown hair by basically dragging her to the back bedroom. 

When Connie enters the cluttered bedroom while being dragged by the man, the first thing she sees is Dave, and that makes her tremble from what is about to happen. Dave stares intently at her as the other man still holds a firm grasp on her hair. Dave says, "Hi sweetie, I told you before sometimes rules change in jail, and we think of your home as an extension of the jail that I help to control. Next time we show up which, of course, will never be announced, and if I happen to find clutter either on the beds or they are not made properly it will count as two-infractions. The way things are going, I believe I will keep a log book on you, so I get all my fun, sweetie." 

Connie says, "I am so sorry, Dave." 

Dave says, "Hey, let her down gently on the floor to her knees, but do not let go of your grasp on her hair." The man follows Dave's instructions guiding Connie to the floor while keeping her on her knees. 

Dave says, "Sweetie, you will stay here kneeling before me till I am convinced you are sorry for having such a mess down here in this bedroom." 

Connie looks at Dave and says, "I am so sorry for having this bedroom a mess and will get it cleaned quickly making sure to never let it happen again. I am sorry." 

Dave looks at Connie and says, "Apology accepted, now for the bad news, we still have this infraction that you need to be punished. Connie remember what I said earlier, if I happen to find clutter on the beds or they are not made properly, it will count as two-infractions." 

Connie looks Dave in the eyes while still kneeling and says, "I promise that I will always do my very best and follow your orders." 

Dave looks down at her and says, "Good to know, and you better make sure it happens." 

He looks at the man who is still behind Connie and says, "Take her back to the dryer and get her ready for me." 

Connie is led away by the man's firm grip on her long brown hair and he allows her to stand up in front of the dryer. A second man comes up behind Connie while grabbing her zipper and pulling it down as he slowly pulls her jeans down while allowing Connie to step out of her jeans. 

Dave walks up behind Connie as both men walk away. Dave whistles while looking at Connie from the back and says, "Nice ass, sweetie love how your skin is so smooth and how your ass looks when you are bent over." 

Connie says, "Thank you, Dave, really appreciate the compliment." 

The man who removed Connie's jeans earlier, gently takes her arms sliding them behind the dryer. This puts her in a great position pushing her ass in the air nicely and makes it look quite inviting. They push her face down into a pile of clean towels which were left folded on the dryer, making her ready for Dave to provide Connie her punishment. 

Dave lets his pants fall to the floor to reveal his cock is fully erect and looking quite thick and ready to enter Connie, so he whispers into Connie's ear, "Time for a special treat and I want to hear you begging me for this. Do you understand?" 

Connie replies, "Please, Dave give me my special treat and fuck my ass. I am begging you Dave bring me the same pleasure you did yesterday, and I hope you receive maximum pleasure from fucking my ass." 

Dave leans up close to Connie allowing her to feel his erect cock resting between her cheeks at her anal entrance. Dave whispers into Connie's ear while she feels him pushing at the entrance and says, "Tell me how much you want my Big Dick to enter your anal cavity fucking that ass nice and hard." 

Connie says, "Dave, I beg you to fuck my ass, use it for your pleasure as hard or soft as you as you feel I deserve." Dave takes Connie's hair wrapping it around his fist, using it to hold her face firmly down on the pile of towels. 

Dave decides he is ready and enters her ass in one quick and forceful movement. 

Connie cannot help but let out a very loud moan expressing both pain and great pleasure. Her muffled voice says, "Oh god, Dave, please move it back and forth in my ass allow me to feel everything, I am begging you Dave give me the ass fucking I deserve." 

He picks up the pace moving back and forth so quick and hard inside Connie's ass. His forceful movements allow Connie to feel pleasure she did not know even existed, and she feels a massive orgasm building from within her waiting to explode. The longer he goes, the closer he feels he is to coming which he is looking forward to doing again.

Connie and Dave can feel themselves both getting close and if they time it right will be able to orgasm together. Dave starts to cum inside Connie's ass giving him a very nice orgasm, which gives Connie a chance to experience a massive orgasm with Dave resting still inside. 

The tightness of her hole continues giving him great pleasure as he has not gotten soft while just sitting there enjoying Connie. Dave being a little exhausted bends over her body lying with his face in her hair for a couple of minutes before standing up, then heading upstairs to the shower to wash up. 

The other two gentlemen help Connie to her feet handing her a towel she wraps it around her waist following behind Dave as he heads upstairs. Connie secretly wants to shower with him hoping that he will invite her since she knows; she would have to ask him for permission before acting on her thoughts and feelings. 

Dave smiles at Connie standing outside the shower and puts out his hand to welcome her into the shower. They stand together quietly lathering each other's bodies then rinsing off. Dave looks Connie right in the face and says "Let's get out and dry off as I am about ready for round two, experiencing your pussy and the pleasure we both can experience." 

Connie stands there looking at Dave while noticing his cock is becoming fully erect again. She says, "I am looking forward to experiencing the pleasure of you pounding my pussy, and you unloading inside of my pussy." 

They head out of the shower together grabbing towels and drying each other off and lying down on the bed next to each other. Dave turns over slowly grabbing her arms deciding to see how open Connie will be by tying her arms over her head to the headboard. Connie is a little startled but decides to put her trust in Dave and relax. He reaches underneath to give her round ass a few hard smacks, and then says, "Bend your legs at the knee, spreading them wide, so I can go deep inside you." 

Connie does as Dave tells her and spreads her legs wide while lifting her knees up towards her chest. 

Dave takes his left arm to hold her in place and uses the right hand to spread her labia apart. He gently takes one finger to feel around inside her tight pussy then slowly inserts another finger feeling her becoming increasingly wet with the more fingers he slides inside her. 

Connie is quivering underneath him not knowing what to expect during this encounter. Dave thinks the time is right, entering her in one quick and forceful movement allowing him to slide deep inside Connie just like he did when he entered her ass while they were in the basement. 

Connie starts moaning in pleasure from Dave pounding her so hard feeling his big cock stretching her like she has never experienced. Dave is moving with hard thrusts pulling himself out just to watch the pleasure of Connie's reaction as he slams right back into her. This causes Connie's words and moans to be hard to understand with the upcoming orgasm not far behind. 

He moans softly to his upcoming orgasm, as he continues to pull out completely before slamming her tight opening with one forceful movement. Dave is becoming increasingly aroused and rough as he continues his pattern. Connie can't relax completely as his actions cause trembling inside her with anticipation of his cock continuing to move in and out with such force. 

Dave says, "Connie we need to stretch you open more. I can't do everything I want to do with your pussy or ass until we do. Although I don't want you to think your tight openings are not enjoyable." 

Connie says, "Bring it on Dave open me up." 

That is all Dave could take shooting his cum deep inside Connie's pussy almost reaching her womb when another load comes. He yells out, "I wanted to keep fucking you long and hard." 

Connie looks over gasping from her orgasms when she sees all three guys were watching Dave pound her pussy. The three guys leave the bedroom as Dave cuddles behind Connie holding her in his arms as he lets his partially erect dick rests between her ass cheeks.