 Claudia was enjoying her champagne. Her friends, Marianne and Mark, always knew how to host a party. Their house was perfect for it, as well. There were three cabanas around the pool, each with a king sized pad and gauzy curtains for at least a modicum of privacy. A high fence around the property kept away prying eyes in the very upscale subdivision in Boca Raton. Claudia had been there a few times before and each time felt completely at ease with the environment and the other party guests.

It's far too easy to describe someone like Claudia as vivacious. She certainly presented herself like that to the outside world. Her smile and laugh was quick. Her manner was often innocently flirtatious. When Claudia met new people, they always came away with a feeling they had met a genuinely nice person.

Claudia was fully aware of the persona she presented. It was part of her yet also separate. Deeper, beyond the easy smile and the gentle laughing was the personality of an intelligent and thoughtful woman who also had a streak of libertine painted on her soul that she sometimes expressed in private with the men in her life. This is why she gravitated towards similar people. Marianne and Mark were certainly a hedonistic pair. They had no kids and careers that gave them affluence and the freedom to indulge themselves. They had an exquisite home decorated in a minimal, modernistic feel. They took frequent tropical vacations to luxury resorts with names that Claudia never quite recognized.

Claudia suspected they might be swingers and this intrigued her. She had never considered such a lifestyle. Yet the party hosts never revealed what their sexual preferences or lifestyle might be. They simply put on fine parties for a group of friends and sometimes friends of those friends. It was an eclectic group but with the one theme of intelligence being consistent with everyone. Conversations were always tremendously fascinating because of the many backgrounds of the guests - academic types, business types, artistic types, and more. This is why Claudia enjoyed herself so much, it was the people that Marianne and Mark invited.

With her glass of champagne yet again refilled, Claudia mingled with the party guests around the pool. The soft, nighttime warmth of a South Florida summer meant that the casual yet elegant clothes worn by everyone there were perfectly matched to weather. Light, jazzy music permeated the air from well-hidden speakers around the pool.

There were quite a few new faces mixed in with a few regulars who Claudia had met at previous parties. She found herself chatting with Justin and Yadira, a 40-ish couple whom she had met several times. There were a very attractive pair. Yadira, obviously Spanish, was a petite woman with long, black hair and laughing eyes. She was always at Justin's side and they clearly shared an enviable emotional intimacy as a married couple.

But it was Justin who Claudia was drawn to. Oh, such a handsome man, tall, upright, and with an almost chiseled face beneath thick, wavy, salt and pepper hair. He was nice, too, with a hearty laugh, a kind nature, and a string of witty retorts which made Claudia always smile. She had to resist an urge to say something inappropriate like "Yadira, I'm going to borrow your husband one night, I hope you don't mind." Of course Claudia would never say such a thing but the thought percolated in her mind as she looked over Justin as a lion looks over an antelope.

The attractive couple was talking about their latest vacation. Yadira's accent was modest but obvious. "Oh, we went to Jamaica last month with Mark and Marianne... it was such a great time."

This quickly piqued Claudia's interest. "Where did you go?"

Justin answered almost too quickly, "A resort called Grande Lido, it was a pretty fancy place."

"I know that one, it's right across from the wild resort called Hedonism or something like that." Claudia had thought about a trip to Jamaica herself and she had done some research.

"Yes, we heard about that place but we were having too much fun with Mark and Marianne to go over there." Yadira suddenly blushed, realizing her comment was open to broad interpretation. Justin was quick to cover the potentially awkward moment. "Grande Lido was actually quite sedate, no one was running around naked like they do at Hedonism."

"Nothing wrong with running around naked at a tropical resort. That's what I would do." Claudia looked straight into Justin's eyes as she said that. Justin looked right back, not even blinking, a slight smile on his tanned face.

"Marianne and I went topless a few times, just to balance out our tans." Yadira seemed unconcerned that Claudia was staring at her husband. "Being topless was also convenient when we got massages on the beach. That was heavenly!"

This caught Claudia's attention and she stopped looking at Justin. "A massage on the beach, that sounds quite sensual."

"It was great. The masseuse had perfect hands and she massaged away all the stress, not that we had much while on vacation." Yadira giggled and then took her husband's hand. "You liked that massage, too, didn't you?" It seemed to Claudia that Yadira was smirking as she asked the question to her husband.

Justin was calm and collected. "Of course I enjoyed that massage, that masseuse was good and she was sexy as hell. There's almost nothing better than a good massage from a sexy woman." He looked down at Yadira with a clear and daring smirk of his own. Claudia sensed an intimate inside joke between husband and wife and it led her mind in territory exciting yet potentially uncomfortable. She drank a big swallow of her champagne.

"Of course, honey, that's why I arranged it for you... so Claudia, are you into massages?" Yadira artfully directed the conversation away from Justin's comment.

"I love massages, I just don't have enough time to get one often. I think the last time I got a massage was three months ago. I was all rubbery for two days. But I would rather have a massage on a tropical beach like you guys did!" Claudia was steering the conversation back to Justin and Yadira's Jamaica vacation. She was definitely curious about the type of relationship they had and she wanted some more clues.

Justin briefly raised an eyebrow and Claudia noticed. Yadira flashed a brilliant smile and moved her long hair back behind her head. Claudia knew that Yadira was intelligent and intuitive and so would likely understand that Claudia was fishing for more personal information.

Yadira took Claudia's hand. "We'll tell the whole story but I want another drink and then I want to sit down somewhere comfortable. Find us in a few minutes, promise?"

"Of course, I need more champagne anyway and then I'm going to mingle a bit more. I do enjoy these parties."

Yadira let go of Claudia's hand, turned, and then took Justin by the waist and they both walked away, whispering to each other. Claudia sauntered by the pool and then found the host and hostess of the party.

"Claudia!" exclaimed Marianne. "We are always glad to see you. Are you enjoying yourself?"

"Of course, this is excellent champagne and the company is always fun and entertaining. I was just chatting with Justin and Yadira and they were talking about your Jamaica vacation to Grande Lido."

"Grand Lido?" Mark asked quizzically.

"Oh, you are so silly, that's the name of the resort where we were staying. I think you spent too much time in the sun." Marianne was laughing at her husband's forgetfulness. But Claudia knew it wasn't forgetfulness. She knew that Mark was a sharp and detailed fellow. It suddenly occurred to her that Mark, Marianne, Justin, and Yadira most likely went to Hedonism and were trying to keep it a secret with a white lie.

Claudia went right along with their story as to avoid embarrassment, not that Mark and Marianne would be embarrassed. They often made remarks about their own sex life without any sense of shame. "Oh Mark, one resort is like the other I'm told, I'm not surprised you didn't pay attention to the actual name."

"We were all having a good time, it doesn't matter. Let me get you some more champagne." Without waiting for a response, Mark left for the kitchen to collect a bottle of bubbly for Claudia.

"Oh, there is someone here you simply must meet. He's an old friend from my college days and he's here to visit. He's one of the smartest men I've ever met." Marianne knew that Claudia was attracted to intelligent guys. The party hostess quickly scanned the pool area to find her friend. It took but a few seconds and Marianne called out loudly, "Hernando! Over here!"

A tall, slender, dark-haired man with broad shoulders separated himself from a small group and walked towards Claudia and Marianne. Claudia was impressed with his confident stride and his impossibly thick black hair. "Spanish poet" was her first thought as this man walked up to the two women.

"Claudia, this is Hernando, a dear friend of ours from years gone by."

Hernando extended his large hands and clutched Claudia's hands in an intimate grasp. "It is my pleasure to meet you."

She looked up into his dark eyes. Thirty years ago, Claudia would have been quivering with excitement. As she was over 40 and not so vulnerable to such handsome men, her response was a warm, "it is a pleasure to meet you, as well." Yet she still had fleeting thoughts towards Hernando and those thoughts were lewd as hell.

While not exactly a poet, Claudia learned that Hernando was certainly Spanish and definitely an artist. His hands told the story each time he reached out to touch Claudia's arm when he talked about his clay sculptures. She noticed that his hands were strong and large but with soft skin. Each time he touched her arm, she was drawn into him and found herself standing closer to the tall man.

"So Claudia," his accent was moderately thick but certainly understandable, "while I am in town, I am renting a small studio, would you like me to sculpt you?"

Marianne broke out laughing. "Hernando, you try that line on every woman you meet, I think Claudia can see through that."

But Claudia loved the idea. She loved the idea of his strong hands working pliable clay and then working on her own pliable body. Each time she drank her champagne, the tingling bubbles seemed to be concentrating on the sexual parts of her body. She enjoyed it immensely and didn't resist the developing fantasy that involved Hernando.

"I guess for a sculptor, that line is perfectly natural." Claudia gazed up and directly at Hernando, almost like a challenge for him to keep the pickup line theme in play.

"It's what I do, sculpt the likeness of women." He looked right back at Claudia.

Marianne picked up on the chemistry between Hernando and Claudia. "Of course Claudia, he only sculpts nude women. "He did my likeness a few years back, it was an anniversary present from Mark." Claudia noticed a faint flush appear on her friends' cheeks.

"Of course, all good sculptures must be done in the nude." Claudia actually found herself batting her eyes at Hernando. The champagne was making her bolder than usual.

Mark finally appeared to refill Claudia's almost empty glass. "I'm sorry, I was detained by Yadira, she wanted to know if it was OK to have a swim."

"I hope you told her it was fine." said Marianne.

Mark replied, "Of course, I'm surprised more people aren't in the pool. Hernando, you're quite the swimmer, you should take off your clothes and dive in!"

"Perhaps later, I'm enjoying my conversation with Claudia. She might have me sculpt her while I am in town."

Is that what you're calling it? 'sculpting'"? Mark laughed easily.

"I'm better with my hands than with my words. You know English is not my first language."

"Don't sweat it, we're all friends here. I think Claudia would make an excellent model for a sculpture. She has such a nice figure, don't you think Marianne?"

Marianne looked up and down at her friend. "Oh, I think so, all the right curves in all the right places. And nice boobs!"

Claudia didn't mind the attention. She never thought much about her figure, she just knew that it was appreciated and that yes, she had a healthy set of boobs.

Suddenly, there was a loud splash behind them. Someone had obviously jumped into the pool. They all turned to look. The pool lights were dimmed so it wasn't immediately clear who was swimming. Claudia assumed it must be Yadira. She saw a feminine form swimming underwater towards the edge of the pool that was closest to them. A head popped up and two arms grasped the pool's edge. It was indeed Yadira.

"Oh Mark, the water is wonderful and so warm!" Yadira's long hair was behind her back as she looked up at the group standing by the pool.

"It's been so hot these past few days that the water is like a bathtub right now. Where's Justin?"

"He's getting some towels. He'll be in the water in a second." Yadira looked up at Hernando and Claudia. "So Claudia, you've met Hernando, he's got the most amazing hands, you know."

Claudia looked down at Yadira and suddenly realized that she wasn't wearing a bathing suit. She was completely nude, her breasts clearly visible in the dim light. With Yadira's legs outstretched behind her, Claudia could see her butt and the lack of any covering. This party was getting interesting and Claudia responded by taking a large gulp of champagne. She noticed that Hernando, Marianne, and Mark paid no notice to Yadira's nudity.

"Yes, we were just talking about that," replied Claudia. "Hernando's famous hands."

There was another splash in the water at the other end of the pool. Again, all eyes were drawn to the sound. This time, a masculine form was swimming underwater toward the group. Yadira's husband, Justin, popped up behind his wife in the warm, pool water. 

"Hey, is anyone else going to get in this incredible water?" Justin looked straight at Claudia. This caught her off guard. She saw that he had a lean build and broad shoulders. His stomach was flat and his chest was lightly dusted with brown and white hair. His skin was whiter than Yadira's but without looking too pale. He looked great to Claudia, just the type of distinguished 40-something man whom she found alluring.

"I wasn't prepared for skinny dipping," said Claudia. She looked down at Justin who had swum up behind his wife and put his arms around her, clutching her breasts without a hint of hesitation. Yadira didn't say or do anything, just let her legs spread to let her husband get between them. She had to angle her body downward a bit. Claudia might have been a bit embarrassed but it all looked so natural and no one else seemed to care. Of course, all the champagne helped.

"Skinny dipping doesn't require preparation, it requires taking off your clothes and jumping in the water... come on you guys." Justin was now talking to the whole group.

Marianne volunteered first. She didn't say anything, just pulled her pretty, summer dress up over her head and kicked off her shoes. Claudia could only raise her eyebrows when she saw that the party hostess was completely sans undies. Marianne sat down on the edge of the pool and dropped down into the water.

"OK Mark, your turn." His wife looked up expectantly at him.

"When in Rome..." Mark found a nearby seat to sit, slipped off his loafers, and non-chalantly stripped naked without a care. Claudia didn't want to look too closely but it was pretty clear that the party host was, well, impressively hung in a circumcised way. Mark let himself into the water and quickly swam over to his wife into a somewhat deeper part of the pool. There were now two naked couples in the water.

Hernando was looking but turned to face Claudia. "When I learned this expression, 'skinny dipping', I thought it was very funny. Americans are very creative with new expressions."

"Usually it's something we do when we are kids, but there's nothing wrong with adults doing it, too. Are you going to get into the water?" Claudia was hoping that he would say yes and strip down right then and there.

"I think so, but not just yet. I need another drink and I should get back to my other friends. But if you get into the water, I would certainly be tempted to join you." His eyes showed an intensity that made Claudia's heart skip a beat. Or maybe it was the warm, wet place between her legs that skipped a beat.

"Hmmmm, then I think I should be getting into the water, too." Claudia figured that with a few naked party goers in the pool, she could certainly do the same.

Hernando strode off leaving Claudia to stare at his very firm ass which was highlighted by tight, white pants.

"Hey Claudia, stop looking at his butt!" Yadira called up from the water.

Claudia jerked her head away in embarrassment and looked down at Yadira. "Oh hush, please tell me it wasn't so obvious."

Justin responded before Yadira did. He was still behind his wife, his hands cupping her full breasts. "Don't worry, it wasn't obvious... so, are you getting in the water?"

Claudia considered for a moment. "Sure, what the hell, I hope there are towels when I get out."

"Yup, we took care of that." It was Marianne talking. She was facing Claudia, Mark behind her, his hands under the water around his wife's middle.

Claudia unstrapped her sandals, pulled down her gauzy pants and then pulled off her tight top. As she was not exactly prepared for skinny dipping, she was wearing a matching bra and boy-short panties in beige so they wouldn't show too much under the thin fabric of her summer outfit.

"Hubba hubba! Show your stuff!" Justin said loudly. "Take it all off!"

Claudia should have been embarrassed. She should have turned away. Other party guests had turned to look, after all. Instead, Claudia faced the two couples in the pool and reached behind to unfasten her bra. Her ample breasts spilled out.

"Oh yeah!" exclaimed Mark.

Claudia grasped her lacy panties and slowly pulled them down. It was something of a show for the naked couples in the pool and anyone else who decided to watch. With a deft flourish, she kicked the panties aside, raised her arms and proudly said "Ta da!"

There was a smattering of applause from around the pool and the couples in the pool were all smiles. Claudia knelt down, sat at the edge of the pool, and slid in. She was glad that she had tended to her pubic hair so it was neat and trimmed.

The water was indeed quite warm and it was immediately relaxing and sensuous at the same time. "OK, this is nice, just don't let me get too far from my champagne." she said to Mark and Marianne.

"I'll fix that." Marianne swam over to the edge of the pool, hoisted herself up and out and without a care, walked naked and soaking wet to the table where Claudia's bottle and glass were sitting. The party hostess took both, and brought them to the edge of the pool so Claudia could help herself at any time. Marianne then got back into the water.

"Oh, thanks so much Marianne. This is quite civilized, skinny dipping with champagne." Claudia parked herself with her back against the edge, her arms up and supporting some of her weight, her champagne glass in hand. Her large breasts floated in the dim water.

"Anything for a friend, I just need to get back to my husband, he started something he has to finish." Marianne swam over to her husband grabbed his shoulders to push him down a little bit. "OK husband, I'm all yours again."

Claudia just watched as the scene continued. She was happy, comfortable, and relaxed. Mark and Marianne were kissing passionately, her legs looked to be wrapped around his middle, but it wasn't completely clear to Claudia.

At the other end of the pool, three or four other figures were getting into the pool, the dim light of the outdoor landscaping just barely illuminating naked skin.

Justin swam up to Claudia, leaving his wife to socialize with the skinny dipping partiers at the other side of the pool. "Oh yes, civilized indeed" he said as he approached the very relaxed Claudia. He then stood up, his tall form requiring that she tilt her head upward to see his face more clearly. Her eyes lingered just slightly on his extremely attractive torso.
