 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

*

Because of her somewhat unique job situation, Kris and I had come up with a system even before we'd moved in together. There were nights that Kris' job required her to be out basically all night but, when she rolled in during the wee hours of the morning, she'd often be too wired to fall asleep immediately. Once we figured out the best remedy to loosen her up and let her sleep, I made sure that I was waiting on those early mornings when she got home.

Once she'd brushed her teeth and washed her face, she'd come to the bedroom where the lights would be turned way down. She was always dressed in jeans and, depending on the time of year, either a t-shirt or long-sleeved shirt. She had the figure for it, so her clothes were always pretty snug. I would take over everything at that point, leaving her to do nothing but try to relax. I'd slide her shirt up over her head, revealing her nicely-sized tits usually encased in a sexy bra because she knew that I'd be undressing her. I'd kiss her neck while I fondled her tits, gently tugging her hard nipples and causing her to moan softly. I'd go ahead and unfasten her bra and let it slide down her arms while licking and sucking her hard nipples while she ran her fingers through my hair.

While my tongue and lips worked on her nipples, I'd unfasten her jeans and start to work them down, dropping to my knees as I did. She always wore bikini panties for me because I loved how sexy she looked in them. Once her jeans were gone, I'd caress her ass through her panties, usually while kissing her abdomen and hips. Her panties would go next as I slid them slowly down while caressing her bare ass and admiring her trim, brown bush. Once she was naked, I'd have her not just sit on the edge of the bed, but lay in the middle of the bed so that she could completely relax. Sometimes she'd crawl up the bed while I stared at her ass and her pussy lips peeking at me from below it.

Once she was comfortable, I'd position myself between her spread legs and kiss around her pussy before running my tongue up her slit. By this time, even as tired as she was, she was typically quite juicy so I'd just lap up her nectar at first. Eventually, I'd slip a finger into her and start licking and sucking her clit, which would get her moaning loudly and writhing about. I'm pretty sure that, once we had this system set up, Kris would spend her drive home thinking about what was awaiting her, so she was always already fairly worked up. As a result, not only did I get to eat a juicy pussy, but it also meant that she'd get to sleep even earlier because she was already so fired up by the time I got started.

Typically, when I was going down on Kris, I liked to take my time and enjoy eating her for as long as my tongue would hold out and through as many orgasms as she could tolerate. On these early mornings, however, I didn't indulge myself because I knew she needed to get to sleep. I did what I could to build up a pleasurable orgasm as quickly as possible and when she came, she would shake and moan then go completely still. At that point, I'd pull the covers up over her naked form and crawl into bed beside her.

I'm sure I come across as giving and generous by making Kris cum and not being put off that she'd then fall right asleep, but I was well aware how much she loved sex and knew that I'd get mine soon enough. Typically, after a few hours of sleep, Kris would get up to use the bathroom and I'd awake just enough to be aware that she had gotten out of bed. A few minutes later, I'd wake up more when I felt my cock engulfed in her hot mouth. She'd crawl up under the covers after returning from the bathroom and wrap her lips around my tool. She was a talented cocksucker and, if I wasn't rock hard already when she got started, I would be pretty quickly.

I liked to flip back the covers once I was fully awake so that I could watch her mouth sliding up and down my tool as I was feeling it. Her hand would be pumping the base as she sucked me off and when she'd pause to lick and suck my balls. I'd be moaning and running my fingers through her long, brown hair while trying to just relax and relish the pleasure that I was feeling. She never rushed and I suspected that she enjoyed sucking my cock nearly as much as I enjoyed having her suck it.

Again, on these mornings, she wasn't taking her time and relishing having my cock in her mouth while drawing out my pleasure. She got me fully rigid, gave me a good blowjob and got me off all in a pretty short period of time. She could tell as my cock swelled even more that I was right on the brink, no matter how much I tried to relax and not push my cock even deeper into her hot mouth. Ultimately, she was ready when I started to spew into her mouth and would swallow my load while continuing to suck me off until I was spent and starting to soften. She'd only let my cock fall from her mouth when she was finished nursing every last drop of jizz out of me, then she'd crawl up and snuggle beside me and we'd both soon be sleeping again.

We'd generally sleep as late as possible so that Kris was well rested and whoever was the first to be awake would reach over and start caressing the other. Whether I reached over to make sure her pussy was plenty wet or she reached over to make sure I was sufficiently rigid, she'd straddle me and guide my throbbing tool into her after quickly opening the blinds. With the sun pretty bright by the time of day that this was occurring, I could admire my sweetie's hot body as she sat upright on my tool. Her tits would bounce as she bounced up and down on my cock and I'd go from watching them or admiring her trim, brown bush to caressing her tits and hard nipples.

She was always smiling and moaning as she bounced on my tool but she'd eventually lean forward and support herself with a hand on each side of my head while rocking forward and back on me cock. With her succulent tits so close, I'd start to lick and suck her nipples while reaching around for her sweet ass. Even if I was the one who'd awakened first, she was always incredibly hot and wet by the time she straddled me and by the time she was leaning forward, her pussy was even more engorged. As I held her ass and pushed up into her as deeply as I could, she got closer and closer to cumming until she let out a cry and her body began to shake.

She'd ride out her orgasm with a big smile on her face then lean down and kiss me as I fondled her tits again. We'd usually change positions at this point, sometimes going to missionary but more often, after squeezing her ass while she rode me, I'd want to take her from behind and further enjoy her ass. With her on all-fours, I'd kneel behind her and run my hands over her ass before guiding my tool back into her. She'd have her face down on the mattress and would reach back to stroke her clit as I took her by the hips and started to slide my cock in and out of her.

Once I had a good rhythm going, I'd slip my hands up over her ribs to cup her swinging tits. Since we were both wide awake, we would take our time and draw out the pleasure we were both feeling for as long as possible. The feel of her hot pussy wrapped around my tool and her succulent tits in my hands was my favorite thing in the world, so I liked to savor them as my cock slid repeatedly in and out of her. At this point, all Kris had to do for me was be there so she could focus on helping herself along to yet another orgasm with her fingertips lightly caressing or vigorously rubbing her clit. It was a toss-up as to who would cum first. Some mornings it was Kris, with me close behind when her pussy was flooded with additional lubrication as she came. Other mornings, my cock would begin to swell and I'd take her by the hips again, fucking her hard until I blew my load into her, with her typically cumming before I'd pulled out. The best, though, was when my swelling cock and her engorged pussy coincided and the combination of the two had us both moaning and fucking wildly. At the same time I was exploding into her, her body would start to shake as we came simultaneously.

After Kris had been at this job for a couple of years, another woman was brought in from another team to work with her. Fortunately, they hit it off immediately and were quite often teamed up when they were working, so they quickly became friends. I realized just how close they'd become early one morning when Kris called me as I was waiting for her to arrive.

"I'm bringing Amy with me," she told me.

"Really?" I asked, surprised and unsure how this would affect our routine.

"She's having the same problem that I had with being both tired and wired," she continued, "so I suggested she come home with me and I could show her how I resolved that issue."

"Will she be just watching or participating?" I asked, trying not to get my hopes up.

"I just figured we'd have her go through the same routine that I normally go through," she replied and I got the sense that she hadn't revealed all of the details to Amy and wanted to surprise her.

"Okay, I'm down," I assured her and, once we'd hung up, I couldn't wait for her to arrive.

I'd met Amy on a couple of occasions before. She wasn't as cute as Kris, but she definitely was not ugly. She was a redhead and I was assuming that I'd be finding out soon whether it was all natural or not. Her ass was nice, though a bit bigger than Kris', and I think her tits were a little smaller, but it was all good as far as I was concerned. I waited for them in the bedroom while they took care of a few ablutions then was ready to start taking care of Kris the way I normally did while she told Amy just to hang tight and get an idea of how our routine worked.

I slid Kris' shirt up over her head, revealing her sexy bra and kissed her neck while fondling her tits. I then unfastened her bra and let it slide down her arms while licking and sucking her hard nipples while she ran her fingers through my hair and smiled over at Amy. While my tongue and lips were at work on her nipples, I unfastened her jeans and started to work them down, dropping to my knees as I did. I admired her bikini panties as I helped her step out of her jeans, wondering what kind of panties Amy would be wearing. Once her jeans were gone, I caressed her ass through her panties while kissing her abdomen and hips. I slowly slid her panties down next while caressing her bare ass and admiring her trim, brown bush. Instead of crawling up to the middle of the bed as she typically did, she turned to Amy.

"Your turn," she stated as she reached out for Amy's hand. Amy allowed herself to be led before me as I stood and Kris sat nearby on the end of the bed. She seemed a little dazed and I wasn't sure if it was due to fatigue or what she'd just witnessed. The fact that she hadn't excused herself and left the room was a promising sign, as was the lack of protest when I started to raise her shirt. She lifted her arms for me as I focused on her cleavage as it was revealed, her tits encased in a moderately sexy bra.

Assuming that Amy was to receive exactly the same treatment I gave Kris, I let her shirt drop and started to caress her tits through her bra while kissing her neck. Amy tilted her head and moaned softly so I reached behind her and unfastened her bra. As it slid down her arms, I kissed my way down to her tits and found her chest to be scattered with freckles. Her nipples were hard and her areolas not quite as large as Kris' and, because I'd never seen or touched them before, I might have spent a bit more time caressing and licking them than I would have with Kris before I dropped my hands down to start opening her jeans.

I reluctantly abandoned her tits as I started to slide her jeans down and dropped to my knees. Her panties were sexy boy shorts and I liked running my hands over her ass after her jeans were cast aside. As I kissed her freckly abdomen, I realized that the moment of truth was upon me and started to drop her panties slowly over her ass, caressing her soft, smooth cheeks. As her panties dropped lower and lower, I realized that I might never know the truth because her pussy was shaved smooth. It was dotted with freckles but there didn't even appear to be any visible stubble on it. I was ready to check with my tongue when Kris spoke up.

"If you want to lie in the middle of the bed," she told Amy, "you'll see what the real trick is to being able to get to sleep."

Amy turned and crawled onto our bed while my gaze was fixed on her bare ass. Kris helped me up and briefly groped my throbbing tool while whispering in my ear.

"Make her cum, baby," she said and I wasn't going to argue.

"What about you?" I asked first, concerned about her being left out.

"You don't need to worry about me," she replied, "I'm still planning on cumming."

I trusted that she had a plan so I crawled up between Amy's spread legs and kissed her inner thighs, her abdomen and, ultimately, the smooth skin surrounding her pussy. When I ran my tongue up her smooth slit and tasted her pungent juices, she let out a moan and started to writhe on the bed. She was definitely fired up and was overflowing with nectar, so I lapped at her pussy, wanting to taste her as much as I wanted to get her off. Before I'd even slipped a finger into her, though, I felt what I assumed was Kris moving around on the bed with us. I glanced up to see her licking and sucking Amy's nipples before straightening up on her knees and straddling Amy's head.

As I watched Amy's tongue dart out to do to Kris' pussy what I was doing to hers, I couldn't believe where this was going but I was absolutely thrilled about it. Trying to focus on what I was doing while relishing the sight of what Amy was doing, I slipped a finger into her hot, slippery pussy and focused my licking on her clit. This elicited a moan and, even as she ate Kris' pussy, she started to writhe even more and hump subtly toward my face. Sadly, I was the only one not receiving oral and on my way to an orgasm, but I was savoring the opportunity to eat Amy's pussy and knew that my rock hard cock would certainly be embedded somewhere hot and wet very soon.

I assumed that Kris was pretty fired up and that Amy was bringing her toward an orgasm, but I knew for a fact that Amy was getting closer to cumming the longer I licked and sucked her clit. Her pussy, already flooded with juices, was becoming even more engorged as her moans got louder and more frequent. I stayed focused, wanting to provide her both relief and pleasure, but glanced up again, past her titties, to see that she was fingering Kris but had taken a break from licking her clit. I assumed that she was on the verge and focused on her own pleasure for the moment so I was even more anxious to give her what she needed so Kris wouldn't be missing out for too long.

Amy started to tense up and moan almost continuously just before her body started to shake as her orgasm coursed through her. I kept doing what I was doing as she rode out a long, intense orgasm and only raised my head once she'd gone still and I could see that she'd gone back to eating Kris' pussy with enthusiasm. I slipped my finger from her pussy and sucked her juices off of it while straightening up on my knees. With her laid out naked in front of me and Kris' sweet ass right there, too, I couldn't resist providing some relief to my throbbing tool. I dropped my flannel pants and slipped my cock into Amy's snug, slippery pussy.

Amy let out a long, low moan but continued eating and fingering Kris so I'm not sure Kris knew right away that I was fucking her coworker. Grabbing Amy by her waist, I lifted her ass up off the bed so that I could stay on my knees while I pumped my cock in and out of her hot pussy. It didn't surprise me how much I enjoyed watching my cock sliding in and out of her smooth, freckled pussy but my gaze also wandered up to her bouncing tits and to Kris' ass, which was humping toward Amy's face. If I didn't have to hold onto Amy to keep her in position, I'm not sure whose tits I'd have been reaching for.

Kris was humping faster and getting louder, so it looked like she was going to get her oral orgasm after all, not that I ever doubted she would. I kept fucking Amy as Kris started to shake as she came and Amy apparently kept eating her right through her orgasm. When Kris moved off of Amy's face, she gasped when she saw that I was sliding my cock in and out of Amy's shaved pussy. Before anyone could say anything, Kris lowered her head and started to lick Amy's clit while Amy stuck the finger that had been in Kris' pussy into her mouth and sucked Kris' juices off of it.

I could feel Amy's pussy becoming juicier and more engorged again, just as it had prior to her first orgasm. I was pleased that she was going to cum again and amused that this time it was due to a joint effort between my girlfriend and me because I couldn't remember Kris ever expressing any bisexual desires. She seemed to know what she was doing, though, as Amy was getting louder and tensing up again. Even when Amy let out a wail and her entire body was convulsing, Kris continued to lick her clit and I continued to savor the feel of her hot pussy on my shaft. Kris raised her head once Amy had gone still after a long, intense orgasm and started to kiss me while I continued to fuck Amy.

"Would you like your blowjob earlier than usual?" she whispered in my ear after pulling her mouth from mine.

"What kind of question is that?" I asked, since she knew what my answer would be.

"Feel like sucking some cock, Amy?" Kris asked in a louder voice, causing Amy to open her eyes and nod with a big smile on her face.

I slipped my cock out of Amy and lowered her back onto the bed then we all repositioned. I propped up some pillows and lay in the middle of the bed with my legs slightly parted. Amy and Kris knelt on either side of me, leaning over my cock with their tits swinging. Kris took my cock in her hand and immediately engulfed it in her mouth "so Amy didn't have to taste her own flavor" while Amy caressed my balls. Kris then offered my throbbing tool to Amy, who took it deeply into her mouth, causing me to moan and exchange a knowing look with Kris, who smiled back at me. They took turns sliding their mouths up and down my tool while alternately licking my balls and kissing each other as my orgasm continued building, but much more rapidly.

"Let us know when you're going to cum," Kris requested, "so Amy can swallow your load."

I caressed their dangling tits just a little, but mostly I lay there enjoying the feeling of two hot mouths alternating on my appreciative shaft. It didn't take very long before my shaft was swelling even more and I was on the brink of a massive orgasm. I let them know right before I blew my load and Amy focused her considerable cocksucking talent until I couldn't help but blast down her throat. She kept sucking as I continued spurting, swallowing my load and nursing my cock until I was completely spent.

"What do you say," Kris asked as my cock dropped from Amy's mouth, "think you can sleep now?"

Amy nodded so we slipped under the covers and shut off the lights, one of them on either side of me. Since I'd blown my load before we crashed, there was no blowjob on the way back from the bathroom later that morning. We all slept like the dead for hours and, when I felt the two of them starting to stir, both of them reached for my cock and it was soon rock hard again.
