 Ratman39 provided proofreading and editing of this story. Thank you, Ratman39 - you totally rock!

*****

Bonnie and Amanda leisurely depart the bow of the cruise ship when Bonnie turns to Amanda and says, "We had a great little vacation here on this cruise. We got admired by those staff members in those sexy uniforms watching us enjoying the scene, and none of them tried to join us. What do you think about inviting two of them back to my place, and letting them fuck us for being such gentleman?" 

Amanda says, "Very nice idea. When I think of them watching us it makes me wet between my legs and slightly horny. There is one man in particular that I have seen looking at me that makes me smile when I think of what he is wanting to do to me while watching what we are doing. When you were sleeping, I would masturbate with you lying next to me. Imagining him blindfolding putting me on my hands and knees in the doggie style position which, of course, is my favorite as it also allowed him to smack my ass hard with his open hand. He entered my pussy while changing sides and smacked both cheeks and trying to be slick dragging his finger between my cheeks allowing him to touch and excite my anal entrance." 

Bonnie says, "Really now I wonder if we were fantasizing about the same man as I would fantasize about when we were lying by the pool?" 

Amanda says, "My guy is bald and has a sexy moustache and both things turn me on extremely well. Whether it is shaved or naturally bald makes me just want to rub up against them." 

Amanda says, "He is my choice to bring back to your place putting massage oil on his head and rubbing it against my breasts while he nibbles on my neck. Then he handcuffs and blindfolds me prior to him doing whatever he might have on his mind." 

Bonnie says, "Wow that is intense. My choice reminds me a bit of that guard we met, Dave." 

Amanda says, "That is an interesting choice, do you like the way he treats you? I thought he could be quite rough, but knows what he is doing which is a twisted and sexy combination. That is what you like about him, right?" 

Bonnie thinks and says, "Yes that is certainly part of it, but it is everything about him. When his fingers entered my pussy, his unusual force felt so good." 

Amanda says, "Interesting." 

Bonnie then says, "Here is an exciting thought, have him and my Master together in my bed with me at the same time. Amanda, remember when my Master and Warden Daryl took me at the same time while pleasuring my ass and my pussy at the same time?" 

Bonnie will soon find out what "be careful what you wish for" really means. 

Both gentlemen accept the offer to accompany the ladies back to Bonnie's house. Everybody is filled with eager anticipation of what is coming once they arrive at Bonnie's place. They pull up to the house, and both girls appear to be a little startled to see some unfamiliar vehicles parked in front of Bonnie's house. Bonnie realizes that the vehicles are not the regulars she knows belong to her neighbours. 

They park and unload the luggage with the help from their two new friends. Bonnie has a flashback sending shivers down her spine. When she sees Dave's face and hears, "Your Master has given me full access to you Bonnie, and he told me that you would consent to our activity." Bonnie notices she left the lamp in the living room turned on, or so she thinks. Bonnie is happy not to be entering her home alone as she senses that things are not going to be "normal" returning from her vacation. 

Bonnie walks in the door with Amanda and their new friends to a site that looks just like a porn movie in the making. They are all stunned with what they see walking in the door and everyone in the room is stunned by the site of seeing two of them, as no one knew she had a twin. 

Bonnie is stunned to see Dave ass fucking her twin sister, Connie, right there in her living room. Dave has her bent over the sofa and from the sweat on his forehead she can clearly see Dave is giving Connie the fucking of her life. 

Bonnie says, "Oh my god, I forgot she was coming! During the trip I knew, I forgot something but could not place it. Remember me talking about that Amanda?" 

Amanda says, "Yes I do," as she is totally stunned at the sight of Bonnie's Master, along with several jail guards sitting there enjoying the show, and Nurse Diane sitting in a corner masturbating. 

Their new friends from the cruise are standing there taking it all in as they become erect at the sight of Connie bent over with Dave giving her sexy ass a good pounding and spanking. They can see from a distance how red her cheeks are becoming, and they wish it was them giving her that pounding.

Everyone in the living room pauses looking at Bonnie and then at the other woman (Connie) who is still being ass fucked roughly by Dave, and they notice they are identical twins. 

Dave with look of awe on his face removes his erect cock from Connie, who is still bent over the couch. Sweat is dripping off of Dave's face, when he turns looking at Bonnie and then looks back at the woman who he was just fucking in front of him. 

Bonnie's Master who is always quick to take control of any situation says, "What is going on Bonnie and where have you been?" 

Bonnie says, "Amanda and I went on a short personal vacation, we have both been through a lot and needed some rest, so we took a quick cruise." 

Bonnie's Master speaks saying, "You should feel terrible for going on vacation and since you did not tell anyone, you allowed your twin sister to take what you had coming. Then the biggest problem is you did not ask my permission before you left which is unacceptable." 

Bonnie cannot bring herself to look into his eyes but knows she should say, "I don't agree, and we wanted to go on a vacation, so we decided to take a quick cruise." Of course, she cannot bring herself to say the words, "I don't agree" to her Master, so she doesn't answer him and keeps silent. 

Amanda says, "With this situation, I would have to agree with Bonnie it should not run our life."

Bonnie looks at her twin sister Connie saying, "I am so sorry that I forgot about you coming to visit and you became subjected to my new lifestyle that I accepted." 

Master feeling sorry for Connie who is still bent over the sofa helps her to her feet. Then he assists her in putting on her clothes saying, "Sorry my dear that you were put through this, and now it is payback time for your thoughtless twin sister and her disobedient friend." 

Master walks closer to Bonnie and Amanda and Bonnie is still avoiding eye contact with him which causes his frustration to build. Bonnie stands there looking down at the floor. Bonnie's Master can feel his cock becoming hard inside his pants thinking about all the things he wants to do with Bonnie starting with her naked ass being paddled. 

He takes one of Bonnie's wrists wrapping his hand and fingers completely around it, and he begins guiding her into the living room while applying just enough pressure to her wrist causing her discomfort. 

He then takes her head in his hands turning her face which forces her to look into his eyes and her Master says, "Tell me how sorry you are for disappointing me, and you better say it like you mean it. Just remember, if I feel you're lying to me your punishment will be even worse." 

Bonnie and her Master stare into each other's eyes and Bonnie knows it is impossible to tell him everything that happened between her and Amanda. They continue standing next to each other and Bonnie says, "I am so sorry and truly did not mean to disappoint you Master." 

Master looks at the two gentlemen and says, "Why don't you both come in and find a seat. Watch what is about to happen to Bonnie, and then feel free to enjoy some time with Amanda and Nurse Diane. Bonnie will be busy the rest of the evening while Dave and I give her the punishment she deserves." 

Those words send shivers down Bonnie's spine as she recalls her previous fantasy. This causes her to become aroused while anticipating what is about to happen between her Master and Dave, and it causes her to feel frightened at how the events will unfold. 

Bonnie's Master starts the events by forcefully pulling Bonnie's jeans down and inviting Connie to join him by handing her a paddle. He instructs Connie to give Bonnie's ass some punishment for Bonnie's thoughtless and careless behaviour while leaving Connie alone. He grabs Connie's wrist to help her move the paddle with more force than she could do on her own. Connie and her Master give Bonnie six hard smacks leaving her skin red and burning. 

Bonnie's Master says, "There will be more paddling later that of course I will allow you to assist me with. But Dave and I are heading downstairs to give Bonnie a special treat. Bonnie, head downstairs now so when we arrive you are in the proper position and waiting for us. If you are not correctly positioned, we will call Connie down to give you more spankings unless she has other things in mind to punish your behavior." 

Dave gets up and says, "Hope you guys have fun with Amanda and Nurse Diane." 

The four guys settle in and start to enjoy watching Amanda and Nurse Diane strip each other's clothes off, and then Nurse Diane takes her big dildo and stimulates Amanda with it causing her to moan with pleasure. 

Bonnie's bare ass is staring Dave in the face when they arrive in the basement as her Master grabs his handcuffs while attaching her to a pole in the basement. Dave turns and says, "Bonnie it is nice to see you again, sweetie. Are you looking forward to having some fun with us?" 

Bonnie is looking up at him while staying on her knees nodding her head up and down and saying, "Yes, Dave. I look forward to spending some time together with you." 

Master speaks saying, "Dave give our friend some pain and pleasure while I sit back here and enjoy the show." 

Dave comes up behind Bonnie bending over her while kissing and nibbling on her neck. Shivers start run through Bonnie's body as she enjoys the feeling and anticipating what Dave will be doing soon makes her tremble inside.

Dave whispers to Bonnie, "I am going to fuck your sexy ass nice and hard, sweetie." He then gives her ass a few smacks before entering her in one swift movement, then progressing with rapid thrusting movements. Bonnie soon feels his sweat drops falling on her back as Dave is making grunting noises in her ear adding to the excitement Bonnie is feeling.

Bonnie moans in pleasure while feeling the pain and pleasure from Dave enjoying her tight ass. Dave picks up speed with his thrusting movements slamming into Bonnie harder and harder as he tries to hold off cumming. 

The intense pressure from Bonnie's ass gives him so much pleasure he gives in and cums inside her ass sooner than he expected causing Dave to yell "Yeeeesssss!" 

While he releases cum deep inside her ass as Bonnie says, "Dave you feel so good." 

Master and Dave both know this will not be the last time tonight that he enjoys Bonnie in this way. Bonnie's Master enjoys watching Dave ass fuck Bonnie. He marvels at the intensity and technique Dave exhibits as he pleasures her in this way.