 When the phone rang at 11:30, Sara was asleep. Her bedroom door was closed, so the ringing didn't penetrate the depths of her slumber. The sound her pager made as it rattled across her nightstand did however, and she groggily snatched it up just before it vibrated itself off the table. 

Sleepily, she sat on the edge of the bed, the sheets falling from her ample bosom. Turning on the light, she blinked a few times to bring the digital readout into focus *611. That translated into her boyfriend Damien wanted her to call him on his cell, nothing urgent, other than he needed to hear from her. 

With a sigh, she slid the rest of the way out of bed. Stretching her compact 5'3 frame and running her fingers distractedly through her long wavy blonde hair, she wandered naked out to where the phone was. It wasn't until she was standing with it in her hand she thought of her roommate and her state of undress. She looked around quickly, thankfully he was out and she wasn't on display.

Damien picked up on the first ring. After exchanging the usual pleasantries, he asked, "Can you 'get' at this time of night?" Well, there was only one thing he could be talking about and she asked how much he wanted. 

When he said four grams, she said, "Well, you know at this time of night I can only get dime bags, 10 bucks a piece and a finder's fee." Well that was just dandy so she told him she would call him back in five minutes.

She already knew the product was available, she was just unsure of how she was going to get down there. She was 19 years old, never had a drivers license (an odd feat for a teen in the 90's) so she was stuck with on bus, on foot or her bike. The bike paths were unlit which made for a much longer trip if she used non motorized transport. The one other option was to phone a cab, but it had to be a free ride...but nothing in this world is free, so she would have to pay another way and that was something she wasn't prepared to do.

She was already tugging on a pair of skin tight jeans and a black shirt as she phoned the bus; she was relieved to find out there was one coming through in about 10 minutes. She called Damien back and told him she would be there in about 45 minutes. She tugged on her cowboy boots and slipped on her leather jacket.

When the bus pulled up, she jumped in but was disappointed to learn he was going out of service at the bottom of the hill. She was going to get off when he asked her how far she was headed. When she said downtown, he offered her a lift which she gratefully accepted. They made small talk on the trip and he dropped her just south of where all the taxis parked. She thanked him, and jumped out. 

She walked up the two blocks to the taxis and looked at each one before opening the door to the second from the front and climbing inside. She looked at the driver and smiled. Then she said, "Hey Ray, you're going to make my night and tell me you have 4 bags under your seat for me right?" As luck would have it, he did. He was even nice enough to drive her to her destination after they completed the deal. He even offered her a lift home after, but she knew that offer came with strings and she wasn't prepared to deal with them. She did give him a light peck on the cheek and he repaid her with a pinch to the ass. She giggled politely and closed the door before he could do anything else.

Strolling up to the apartment, she rang the bell. The door buzzed open immediately and she was met halfway down the steps by her boyfriend. He warned her that the place was a mess before she walked in and stepping through the door, she agreed. Without prior warning, she probably would have turned around and left. The floor was literally covered in a couple inches of junk. There was anything from odd papers to empty pop cans and everything in between.

Damien invited her to stay for a bit after she had passed the goods to him and been paid. She took off her coat and set it on the floor, knowing that leather was easy to clean and since she had no intentions of staying there all night, she needed to have clean clothes when she left. Sitting on her ass in the trash was not conducive to this. Shortly after she sat down, they pulled out the pipes and smoked up a bit. She was invited to partake, but turned it down.

Somewhere in the haze of smoke, she was introduced to the others. Jimmy was a few inches taller than her, with brown hair and eyes with a sparkling disposition. Travois was around 6 feet tall, blonde haired and blue eyed. He was quite handsome, but he had an air about him that screamed dangerous. She was attracted to him instantly. Then there was of course her boyfriend Damien. He had dyed his hair often enough that it was blonde and black and very short. The barber he had gone to see had informed him if he did it again without letting it grow out quite a bit, it would probably fall out instead. His eyes were hazel green. In all, he cut a striking figure with a willowy thin body on top of it. The only other girl there was Leigh, she was a stuck up snooty little bitch who was only seen once as she came to get a drink.

An hour into the visit, Damien called her off to the side and made a radical suggestion. He told her that the 'boys' were interested in her, and asked if she might be interested in getting together with them all in one of the bedrooms. Now this was something they had discussed previously, so it wasn't as big a shock as might have been expected. She had agreed to try it at some point, and now the opportunity was here staring her in the face. She agreed, mainly due to the fact that she was attracted to them all, but she was a little hesitant about the sheer numbers of people involved. Damien suggested they call her girlfriend whom she had met in a threesome situation a few weeks before.

The phone call was made, and Misty agreed to come down right away. Since the busses had stopped running for the night, she had to rollerblade down and she said it would take about 45 minutes. In the meantime, Sara mentioned that it was too bad she hadn't shaved that night, as she was bristly. 

An offer of a razor and a bathtub was instantly made, so she went in and stripped. She had about three inches of water in the tub and had just climbed in when Damien opened the door and asked if they could watch. Seemed neither Jimmy, nor Travois had ever seen a girl shave before. Soon she had two males in the bathroom with her, practically drooling as she drew the razor slowly up her labia. She almost cut herself repeatedly as she was both turned on and self conscious of the attention she was receiving. Thankfully they left when she was shaving her legs.

When she was done, she rinsed the tub and just put on a long t-shirt to cover herself...and her boots. There wasn't much point in wearing anything else, everyone had seen it before and she was just going to take it off anyway. When she stepped out of the bathroom, Misty was just arriving. 

Sara grinned at her and led her to the living room where the guys were seated. After introductions were made, Misty sat on the arm of Travois' chair and they all made small talk for a while. Everyone knew what was going to happen, but nobody knew where to start. Sara finally rose to her feet and stepped in front of Misty. She tugged her to her feet and wrapped her arms about her. Sara tilted her head and kissed the other girl, moaning softly as satiny lips brushed together then came back for more. Deepening the kiss, Sara ran her hands slowly up and down Misty's petite body, slipping down to her ass and cupping it through her jeans. They were the same height and had the same boobs so when their bodies touched, their nipples pressed together.

Looking around at the guys sitting there with tents in their jeans and their mouths agape, Sara smiled sweetly and said, "We're going to the bedroom, you guys can join us if you'd like. She and Misty sashayed down the hall. They didn't even have time to close the door before there were three horny males in the room with them.

With a silent look, the girls agreed that they should strip the guys as the first order of business so they lined them up in a row. Starting on each end, they soon had them all naked. The floor was clean in here, so Sara didn't have a problem sliding to her knees and inspecting the equipment in front of her.

She glanced up and noticed it was Jimmy in front of her. His cock was only about 4 inches in length, but it was very thick. He was cut, and when she leaned forward, she discovered he fit in her mouth quite nicely. Glancing out of the corner of her eye, she saw Misty doing the same thing to Damien. She also had her hand wrapped around Travois' cock. The sight of that monster in her tiny hand was enough to make Sara drool. It had to have been 9-10 inches long and very thick.

She increased her suction on Jimmy's cock, sliding her head up and down on it, lashing her tongue all over its surface. Like any other male just past his 18th birthday, he didn't last very long for the first time, within five minutes he flexed his hips and drove his cock into her mouth, spurting his seed. There was so much of it she had a hard time keeping it in her mouth long enough to swallow it. The look on his face was priceless as she opened her mouth and he realized it was gone. She guessed he hadn't had many girlfriends who did that for him and she smiled.

Moving to her right, she swallowed Travois' cock next. This one she had to work at getting in her mouth fully, just due to its size. She slowly swallowed her way down his cock taking it an inch at a time until her nose was pressed into his pubic hair. She began to slowly bob up and down on it stretching her throat out a bit until she moved back, looked up at him and begged him to fuck her throat. Travois looked down at her and smiled, and then he placed his cock at her lips and his hands at the back of her head.

Slowly at first, making sure she could take it, he began to slide his cock in and out of her mouth, a little harder with each stroke and a little deeper. He continued until he was long dicking her mouth, pulling all the way out, and then ramming all the way in. He kept this up for about ten minutes, until Sara's jaw hurt slightly and her tongue felt slightly bruised and dry. Then he slammed his cock into her mouth as far as he could and she felt it pulsing as he began to empty his balls for the first time.

Pulling back off his cock when he finally finished shooting, she looked around. Misty was flat on her back, with Damien between her legs, pumping away at her pussy and Jimmy was trying to climb into her mouth, his cock was so deeply buried. Knowing that Travois would take a bit to recover, she crawled over to the action on the floor. Damien saw her coming and moved his upper body out of the way so she could get in on it too. 

She angled her body so Jimmy was aware of her pussy; it was about a foot from his head and hard to miss. Then she leaned over and began sucking on Misty's left boob, pulling the nipple gently into her mouth, then chewing on it lightly which drove her crazy. Jimmy came up behind her and slid his cock home in her pussy. She moaned as he began to thrust in and out, his balls slapping against her engorged clit. She wiggled down Misty's body until she could reach her pussy and began tonguing her clit as Jimmy picked up the pace. Misty had been moaning quietly but as soon as Sara's tongue hit her clit she let out a squeal of pleasure a deaf person could have heard.

That sound drove Sara over the edge, her body twitching, barely able to continue lashing the sweet pussy in front of her as she moaned and squeaked her way through her own climax. The muscular contractions of her pussy sent Jimmy over the edge and he half collapsed on her back as he moaned his way through his own powerful orgasm. Damien made the chain complete however, as he suddenly reared back and jacked his cock rapidly, sending strings of cum across her and Misty.

The men were pooped for the moment, so the girls spent the time they rested licking the strings of cum off each other, which led to a torrid 69 on the floor. The guys were sitting around watching this, slowly jacking their stiffening cocks. 

Travois had left the room to go speak to Leigh so when he came back in, he was met by a sight that instantly rammed a steel bar into his cock. He pulled Sara gently off Misty and asked her in a low voice if he could fuck her ass. She looked down at his cock; it was so hard it was throbbing in time with his heartbeat. Instantly she wanted it, even though she was sure he would tear her open.

She got on her knees and he came up behind her. Wetting two of his fingers, he worked them slowly into her ass. She moaned softly as she felt him stretch her tiny pucker open wider still as he slowly began to fuck them in and out of her. When she appeared to be ready to accept his cock, he slid up behind her and ran it in and out of her pussy a few times getting it really wet. He held his cock right at her pucker, and then slowly shifted his hips forward until the head popped through her ring. Then he froze, allowing her ass time to adjust to his girth. Gradually, the pain Sara was feeling faded to a feeling of fullness and she backed onto his cock a little further.

Travois realized she was ready for more and he began to thrust slowly into her ass, just a little before pulling back, never giving her quite as much as she wanted until she was clawing at the floor and begging for more. It took him almost ten minutes to fully enter her ass and at least another five before he deemed her ready and began to fuck her in earnest. She had her back arched to allow him full penetration and he began to make use of it, sliding in and out of her ass, gradually picking up speed until he was slamming it to her. She was whimpering with delight, but her cries became soft little screams of joy as he reached around and fingered her clit at the same time.

Just as she was hitting her peak, Travois stiffened inside her body, and then yanked his cock out. Spinning her around, he told her to open her mouth. Jacking his cock rapidly, he carefully aimed and shot his cum into her mouth, she caught all of it except for the last dribble which trickled to her chin. Quickly she scooped it up off with her fingers and licked them clean.

Glancing around, she saw that the other three had kept busy; Jimmy was in the midst of fucking Misty for all he was worth while Damien was busy fucking her tits. Misty had a dreamy look of contentment on her face; it was obvious that after this round, she was going to need a break. Jimmy and Damien chose that moment to cum together, coating Misty's body with cum, as Jimmy pulled out and shot his load on her abdomen and Damien painted her nipples.

The rest of the night was spent much the same way, short breaks followed by intense fucking as new combinations were found and new positions tried. When dawn broke, Misty was curled up in the corner sound asleep with Travois; Sara was on her hands and knees again with Damien in her mouth and Jimmy balls deep in her pussy. The three of them came together and then fell apart, exhausted.

Sara left with Damien shortly thereafter, they stopped for breakfast and then went back to his place where they discussed the fun they had. Those discussions lead to another outbreak of passion, when it was sated they curled up together for a much needed nap. As Sara was drifting to sleep, she heard, "Jimmy is having a birthday party tonight at Backdrafts. We have been invited if you want to go; maybe we can give him a birthday present?" Her hand tightened on his arm in excitement, and then she drifted to sleep with a smile on her face.

This is a true story. If you would like to hear what happened the next night, let me know with some feedback and votes never hurt anyone's pride. (Just kidding, I would appreciate your honest votes, but don't feel pressured into giving them)