 The thundering drums seemed far away as Gary turned his head towards the door, watching the stream of people disappearing back inside the smoke filled nightclub. He loved the cool night air up on the balcony, it took the edge off the beer and tequila. There was always some of the best dope being rolled, lit and shared. The perfect appetiser to the 1am happy hour, he took a drag and read the 'Jack Daniels presents the Doors JD & Coke Happy hour' flyer again. A young girl sat next to him, she smelled of the sweet smoke that the smoke machine in the club produced. Gary loved that smell, he wasn't sure why.

The Doors Nightclub was a roaring success from the day it opened. It opened one Saturday at noon and the party hadn't stopped. Gary was a regular, he considered it a second home, though less like a home and more like a bank - the place he deposited most of his pay checks. Not that he got completely wasted every time, but it was in his nature to buy round after round and no self respecting Doors clubber would say no to a drink. 

Doors was built like a two tier amphitheatre, a gallery around the dance floor downstairs and an upstairs balcony and bar area. There was also an outside open-air balcony which was originally planned as a fire escape. Inside, the walls all painted black, deep shadows concealing the recesses with seating hidden every few feet, the lights all trained on the dance floor. The acoustics were awesome but once in some of the recesses, people could hold a conversation and if dressed in dark clothing, were nearly invisible to a passers-by. Management encouraged their clientele to wear black.

At 19, Gary had already spent a year in the army. He had kept in shape after leaving, running 8 miles twice a week with a 30 minute workout before each run. He knew girls noticed his toned body and he was glad his parents and his dentist had convinced him of the long term advantage straight teeth would have. The girl next to him touched his arm and asked for a light, "I don't smoke," he paused, "cigarettes" he finished with a devilish grin. She seemed to blush for an instant, introduced herself as Tammy and informed him that she didn't smoke either and was going to dance. As she stood, she quickly kissed his cheek and slowly walked away as if half willing him to follow her. Gary didn't move, surprised by the kiss and unsure what to do.

He watched her walk towards the door, she was wearing black boots, a long loose black skirt that could not hide her slender frame. A black top with thin straps over the shoulders kept her breasts firm and Gary guessed it was the chilly night air that accentuated her nipples. He noticed the fine hair on his arm was standing where she had touched him. She turned once before disappearing inside and he caught a smile, her full lips looked like they were brushed with a white lipstick, but he had seen that it was pastel pink when she was closer, so close her deep green eyes had dazzled him. Her long brown hair loosely braided. Sexy yet innocent he thought.

Gary finished his beer and stood, surveyed the balcony crowd and started for the door. Suddenly he felt a hand on his arm, she was back he thought as he slowly turned to flash a smile. Ian noticed at the disappointment in Gary's eyes and asked if he was ok. Gary recovered quickly and told Ian about the girl he had just seen. 

**

Tammy skipped across the balcony, cursing herself for insisting her new boyfriend join her at Doors. She turned unable to resist another look at the guy she has just spoken to. She felt a little embarrassed for asking him for a light, she wasn't sure why she blurted the words out. She couldn't believe she had just kissed him on the cheek, he smelled so good.

She hadn't noticed him sit down next to her, but his deep voice caught her attention as she overheard him talking to somebody about the quality of the weed they were sharing. She secretly watched him, noticed he was the only guy sitting around her that was wearing an ironed t-shirt, taking in his athletic posture, strong hands. Watching as his contagious smile spread to those he spoke with. She imagined this was how an ardent fan felt when they finally met their hero, except he was a total stranger.

Her boyfriend was leaning against the bar, talking to a bottle blonde dressed in jeans and an assortment of tattoos that could have passed for bruises. She watched as they linked arms and swallowed tequila together, then the blonde lay on a low table as he licked salt off her navel, downed another tequila and then took the lemon slice from her mouth.

Tammy had been warned that Ray was a cheat, and to think she had been saving herself for him, waiting for the right moment when he kept insisting that they 'do it!' One more boyfriend who couldn't wait. She had let him fumble her breasts and once he tried to finger her, briefly getting a finger inside her but her little sister had walked in.

To think she almost gave her virginity him. She had imagined sex with him as she masturbated first using carrot, then a small cucumber, other times a thin deodorant can. She would get so wet at the thought of sex, sliding the carrot in and out of her pussy with one hand as she rubbed her clit with the other. Lately she had placed a small mirror between her legs so she could watch herself work up to an orgasm. Watching for as long as possible until she threw her head back, eyes closed, her imagination consuming her as she came, the power of pleasure sapping energy across her body.

She loved to watch herself, she imagined herself shaved smooth like the girls in the magazines that her dad hid at the bottom of his cupboard. She was sure he didn't notice when she secretly borrowed one overnight, she was careful to put it back in the same place she found it. Daddy liked them shaved with big titties. Some nights she would lie in bed, her ears straining, hearing the creaking bed, her mother's soft moans, the bed rocking until her dad gasped. She would get horny and reach into her drawer for some tissues as she rubbed her wet pussy.

Tammy had recently upgraded to a C cup, she was still self conscious of this and wore clothing to hug her body and press her breasts flat against her. When alone she would rub her nipples or gently scratch them with her nails adding to the pleasure of a smooth cucumber in her pussy and a small carrot in her arse, taking it like the girls in the magazine. Then fantasising that one of the girls in the magazine was licking her clit.

'Fuck him' she thought angrily watching her boyfriend fuss over the bimbo. She went to the bar, ordered a beer and a double vodka in a tall glass filled with ice, downed the vodka, ordered another and went down to the dance floor. She could feel the cool vodka cleansing its way down her throat, soothing her anger.

Head Like a Hole was playing as she moved into the throng of dancing people moving in unison like ancient man prayed to their gods. The warmth of their bodies, touching her, rubbing her she began to move with them. Every now and then feeling the ice cold beer in her mouth followed by a sip of vodka.

**

Gary and Ian decided to grab a drink. Ian ordered two happy hour JD's on ice, handing Gary one he suggested they watch the people dancing downstairs. They made their way to the upstairs gallery that overlooked the dance floor. Within seconds Gary noticed Tammy swinging drinks back as she danced. He nudged Ian and pointed. Ian laughed that he was already looking at her, and added that he hoped she had a friend as hot as she was.

A song later Ian spotted her, she must have been Tammy's friend, they were dancing together, really close together! Not at first, but they seemed to look at each other, then suddenly the girls kissed, their hands exploring each other, the throng of dancers seemingly blind to what both Ian and Gary found themselves being turned on by. Gary moved first and Ian followed him, heading downstairs.

**

Tammy noticed a girl dancing with her, not next to her but with her, gyrating their arses together. She felt a soft hand in hers, and found herself pulling the girl closer. Tammy had never done anything with a girl before if you didn't count her latest fantasies. This girl was sexy. Cloudy green eyes, sun tanned skin, blonde hair with matching eyebrows and lashes. She felt herself being drawn towards the girl's full lips as she and Fiona briefly introduced themselves.

She felt Fiona lean in and she seductively kissed her, their lips parting slightly as Tammy felt Fiona's hands move behind her pressing her dress firmly against her arse. Soft cool lips, skin so different to the men she had kissed, the equally soft hands touching her felt electric.

Tammy opened her mouth more, her tongue melting in Fiona's mouth, tasting her, recognising the taste of strawberry liqueur mixed with the salty sweat on her lips.

They paused as Fiona raised her glass to her mouth, then leaned in to kiss again. Soft but frozen lips as Frieda slipped an ice block from her mouth into Tammy's as they kissed, Tammy took a sip of her drink and gave Fiona a mouthful of ice and vodka from her mouth. 

Their bodies separated only by the thin layer of clothing, Tammy knew that if she could feel Fiona's nipples through their clothes that the feeling was mutual. Fiona's touch felt good, her hands in Tammy's hair, Tammy realising she had her hand under Fiona's shirt, feeling the smooth bra that covered her breasts, her fingers confirming the girl was aroused. They started moving towards a vacant recess in the wall.

**

Gary and Ian worked their way through the crowd almost stumbling into the girls as they were leaving the dance floor. Gary made eye contact with Tammy, she had a determined look in her eyes, holding the other girl's hand, leading her. She giggled and gestured for him to follow them into the nearest recess. There was someone in it and she moved towards the next one, feeling around to check that it was empty. The music was much quieter in the recess, their eyes adjusting to the low light. Gary and Ian sitting opposite the girls. Gary introduced Ian to the girls, Fiona introduced herself, she had an accent not unexpected from a Norwegian exchange student. Her husky voice with deliberate pronunciation was very sensual. She asked the guys if they had been watching the dance floor action, referring to her and Tammy. Asked if they wanted to watch some more as she ran a finger across Tammy's lips.

Tammy didn't wait for a reply from the guys, turning to face Fiona she placed her hands on Fiona's legs, leaned forward and kissed her. Their tongues touching, tasting as Tammy moved to kiss her neck, deliberate strong kisses, her lips hot on Fiona's skin, her hands under Fiona's shirt. Fiona lay back allowing Tammy to explore her body, feeling the warm kisses on her neck send tingles down her body, knowing the two guys opposite were being turned on watching her nipples being rubbed, she parted her legs and placed a hand between them, rubbing herself, feeling her panties get wet.

Tammy could see Fiona was enjoying this, her hand rubbing outside her jeans. She moved her hand down Fiona's stomach to the button on her jeans and with a flick they were open, her zipper sliding down easily. She slipped her hand under Fiona's panties, her fingers first touching pubes, then lower she felt her lips, smooth and slightly wet, she eased a finger inside, surprised at how wet Fiona was inside.

Fiona moaned, enjoying Tammy's finger in her pussy, she lifted her bra and drew Tammy's mouth to her nipples, feeling her tongue tease them to attention. She felt Tammy slide a second finger into her, sending a wave of pleasure across her. Tammy's fingers moving expertly in and out of her wetness, a thumb rubbing her clit she felt a climax building as the room and everything around her deserted her thoughts as wave after wave of pleasure ran through her body.

**

The guys watched, not able to see clearly in the dark but certain of what they were witnessing. They were both hard and turned on, they eyes straining in the dark trying to see more, their ears attempting to block out the music and hear the heavy breathing opposite them. They watched as Fiona came, her head thrown back, her eyes closed, getting a glimpse of her nipples when Tammy moved her head from one nipple to the other. Watching Tammy's hand moving inside Frieda's jeans. Then it was Fiona's turn to tease.

**

Fiona was wet, her skin felt like a million points of ecstasy, she knelt down between Tammy's legs, not bothering to pull her jeans up, giving the guys a view. She placed a hand on each leg and slowly moved them up, inching Tammy's skirt up as she did so. When she reached her panties, she quickly pulled them down, Tammy stepped out of them and Fiona started kissing, her lips moving up Tammy's legs until she found what she was looking for.

Tammy smelt of soap, lavender, her pubes surprisingly soft, she ran her tongue along her inner thigh, then spread her pussy lips with her fingers, feeling them wet as Tammy spread her legs more. The loose skirt covering Fiona's head, she began working her tongue, licking Tammy's lips, probing her pussy then sucking her clit, suddenly she felt a pair of strong hands on her arse.

**

Ian decided to make a move, he couldn't resist Fiona's naked arse in front of him. He leaned forward and placed his hands on each cheek, half expecting to be in trouble. He felt her move onto his hands. He slid a finger between her cheeks and found her wet pussy, his big strong fingers rubbing her clit. He noticed Gary was moving to the other side of Tammy, his zipper open, she pulled his rock hard cock out and steered it into her mouth. Sucking hard, the look on Gary's face telling a happy story. A couple half drunkenly stumbled into the recess. Gary, Tammy and Ian froze, not knowing what to do, Fiona, under Tammy's skirt continued licking and sucking completely unaware.

The couple, noticing the odd arrangement of bodies, did the maths and laughed as they moved away, Gary was sure he saw the guy wink at him.

He looked across at Ian who was already thrusting his cock between Fiona's butt cheeks, his movements fluid, he seemed to be in a far off world, oblivious to everything around him. Not to miss out, Gary fed his dick to Tammy, still rock hard, her mouth gripped his cock like a vice. It wasn't long before Gary felt a familiar unstoppable wave building in his groin, he closed his eyes as a hot burst of cum escaped him, filling Tammy's mouth. He expected her to be angry, but as she opened her mouth, he could see his milky pleasure spread around in her mouth. She closed her eyes and took a long swallow, her mouth was empty. She smiled up at him, seemingly proud of herself.

Ian glanced at Gary, seeing him pull his cock from Tammy's mouth, cum dripping from the tip. Not breaking his rhythm, feeling Fiona moving with him, his hands on her breasts, he could feel her breathing break into a shudder as she came all over his cock, her juices running down her legs. Unable to hold himself any longer he pulled his slick dick from her and blew a huge load of warm cum across her arse.

As Ian awkwardly wiped Fiona's arse with his shirt, the others watching him, they all realised they had an extra voyeur, a bouncer had been watching them. Unsure what to do, they quickly pulled clothing into place and tried to act as though nothing had happened. The bouncer smiled, suggested they leave, he even tried to slip his phone number to Tammy as four satisfied, slightly sheepish teenagers made their way out the door.

**

"What a Friday night!" Gary thought as he was leaving, "Tammy, Gary, Ian and Fiona, TGIF!" It had a certain ring to it