 BACKGROUND AND REVIEW

You met my secretary / administrative assistant in previous stories entitled, "An Affair to Remember," and "An Affair to Remember Revisited." We were in the fourth year of our affair and we had gotten bolder with sex in the office and public places. When we first started out Cathleen was giving me blow jobs in my office. After she sucked my cock I would lift her skirt and pull her pantyhose and panties down to her knees so that I could finger her pussy. Cathleen liked me to eat her pussy but that was nearly impossible without taking off the pantyhose, something we were both nervous about doing in the office.

Then I took Cathleen shopping at Victoria's Secret and I purchased thigh high hose with elastic tops and crotchless pantyhose for her. Cathleen began wearing her new hose to the office and then I simply had to remove her panties to eat her pussy. If someone came to the office while I was eating her she could just lower her skirt to cover herself and no one would realize that she wasn't wearing panties. Even though the office door was always locked when we had oral sex I was still concerned as there were building staff that had master keys to all offices. Facilities, security and housekeeping personnel all had master keys.

Then I discovered the door brace at a hardware store. The brace was adjustable and fit under the handle of the door. It was impossible to open the door when the brace was in place. If anyone tried to enter my office while we were having sex, Cathleen and I would have time to tidy ourselves up before I removed the brace and opened the door. As it turned out no one ever did interrupt us while we were having sex in the office but having the brace in place made us feel secure.

Because we felt secure with the door brace we expanded our sexual activities in my office and we got bolder. Cathleen and I would fuck from time to time. She would removed her panties and straddle my cock as I sat in a chair with my pants and underwear down around my ankles. She would bounce up and down on my dick keeping her clit in constant contact with my cock until she achieved her orgasm. Then after she recovered from an intense orgasm, she would drop to her knees and suck my cock until I came in her mouth.

We even got bold enough to have anal sex in the office. Cathleen would ride my cock until her orgasm and then she bent over the small conference table with her skirt thrown up on her back. I had started keeping lube and paper towels in my desk. I lubricated her anus with my fingers and then slipped my cock in her ass. Cathleen loved getting fucked in the ass and I loved watching my cock slide in and out of her curvy ass. When we were in the office I didn't cum in her ass. I would pull out and ejaculate on her buttocks instead. Then I would wipe her ass and my cock clean with the paper towels. Cathleen would get turned on again when I fucked her ass so I would eat her pussy afterward. 

Whether I was fucking her pussy or fucking her ass we always made quite a sight being partially clothed. I would still be wearing my shirt and tie with my pants and underwear down around my ankles. Cathleen would have her skirt up around her waist with her panties off but still wearing her hose. Her ass looked even sexier when it was framed by her crotchless pantyhose or by her thigh high hose and her dress around her waist. 

On days when I had a full schedule we didn't have sex in the office. However we often had sex in my car. Cathleen would remove her panties and straddle me in the car. We would fuck until she came and then she would suck my cock until I came in her mouth. On Tuesdays and Thursdays Cathleen still went to the evening aerobic class in the building. After aerobics she would return to the office in her spandex exercise clothes. Most everyone had left the building by the time she returned and we would have sex in my office again. I loved pulling her tight fitting spandex down over her buttocks and baring her shapely ass. Those were the evenings that I fucked her in the ass while she was bent over the table with her spandex pushed down to her knees. As I fucked her ass I fingered her pussy and she would usually cum before I did. We would at times skip the sex in the office after aerobics and take our action to the romantic interlude motel called Le Chateau.

The Chateau was a romantic interlude that had a variety of rooms to suit one's taste. The room that Cathleen and I liked the best contained a Jacuzzi, water bed and mirrored walls. All of the rooms contained TVs with an adult entertainment channel as well. The Chateau added to the enjoyment to our sexual encounters. We would have sex for hours at the Chateau.

In our fourth year of our affair Cathleen was 35 years old and I had turned 44 years old. Cathleen had short blond hair with a 34-25-35 figure. At 5'5" and 120 lbs. she was small breasted and her best asset was her ass. She was solidly built and she exercised regularly to stay in excellent shape. Cathleen was not a beautiful girl but she was attractive and dressed very tastefully. There was not an ounce of body fat on her.

I was still fit at 6'0" and 190 pounds. I had short brown hair, hazel eyes and I was blessed with an above average size cock When I was discharged from the Marine Corps my body was chiseled and I made every effort to maintain my fitness. The two of us were like two hard bodies in bed and we loved caressing and fondling each other.

A DAY AT LE CHATEAU

Cathleen had not been to the Chateau in over a month and we missed it. I decided to treat her to a full day so we took the day off on Thursday. We met at the office and then I drove over to the motel. After checking in I parked the car in the private car port adjacent to the room. Once inside Cathleen wasted no time taking her clothes off. She loved to be naked and that day we planned to stay naked all day. I had packed a lunch and I also brought wine and cheese along as well. As I unloaded the car, Cathleen ran the water in the Jacuzzi tub and added the oily bath beads. We both loved the water to be slick and oily as it made us feel very sexy. I loved running my hands over Cathleen's smooth and slick body.

Cathleen and I showered together before entering the Jacuzzi. We soaped each other up and played with each other's bodies being careful we didn't cum prematurely in the shower. Cathleen then would douche both her pussy and her asshole. I still remembered the first time I saw her do that and I found it to be very erotic. After showering we entered the Jacuzzi; I turned on the jets and we kicked back enjoying the bubbles and the oily water. Cathleen leaned back into me as she always did and I reached around and stroked her cute titties tweaking and rolling her nipples in my fingers. I slid one of my hands down across her firm abs over her little blond tuft of hair and found her vagina. I played with the folds of her labia and then inserted my fingers in her pussy. I found her hard clit and rolled it between my fingers as I continued to tease her nipples with my other hand.

As Cathleen got turned on I moved her to the other side of the Jacuzzi and had her lean over the edge presenting her shapely ass to me. Her ass always looked good but it looked even better when it glistened with water and bath oil. I leaned over and licked Cathleen's pussy from behind driving her wild as always. Then I tongued her beautiful ass as I always did when I knew that she douched. I swiped my tongue from her pussy up and over her bung hole and back to her pussy. She gasped out loud when my tongue touched her asshole. I always got into it so I grasped both of her curvy ass cheeks and pulled them slightly apart so that I could get my tongue in deeper. I probed her pink aperture with my tongue as I inserted my fingers in her pussy. She started whimpering, gasping and directing the action. 

"Oh my God, do it again. Lick my asshole; stick your tongue in there. Eat my pussy, tongue my ass, rim me, oh yessssss," she cried out, "I love it when you do those things to me."

I placed my mouth on her, swabbing her pussy and ass in the process. I repeated this several more times until Cathleen seemed to go into convulsions with her first orgasm of the morning. She collapsed back into my arms and I stroked her smallish tits as she recovered from the intensity of her orgasm.

"I love it when you tongue my ass and eat my pussy like that. It feels so naughty but so sexy too," she uttered in an exhaustive voice.

We decided to get out of the Jacuzzi and take the action to the bed. We dried off and flopped down on the water bed. Cathleen began to stroke my cock into an erect state and then proceeded to suck on it. She loved to stick her tongue in the little pee hole and nibble on my cock head. 

"I love playing with your cock but it gets me so hot I have to sit on your dick," she whispered sexily. Then she straddled me and aimed my cock in her pussy and rode me until she achieved another orgasm.

I decided it was time to fuck her in the ass so I had her kneel on all fours with her gorgeous ass in the air. She always put her head on the mattress and turned to the side so that she could watch. This time she had the added benefit of mirrors on the wall and ceiling and so could clearly see the penetration. I broke out the lube and put an ample amount in her asshole. I fingered her ass and pussy at the same time. I put my index finger in her asshole and my middle and ring fingers in her pussy.

"I love the feel of your fingers in my ass and pussy together," Cathleen exclaimed!

If there was one thing I liked besides fucking Cathleen's beautiful ass it was preparing her asshole for a good reaming. After several minutes of finger fucking her pussy and asshole I couldn't wait any longer and I had to get my cock in her beautiful ass. I removed my fingers and lined up the head of my cock at her moist puckered ring and pressed forward slowly. My cock head strained to pop through and she let out a little groan as the pressure from my iron hard dick forced her little aperture to open like a flower and suddenly my large mushroom head slipped past the ring and into her ass. Cathleen let out a groan as her rear passage was stretched to accommodate my ample girth. 

"Oh you always make me like this more than the regular way," she gasped and shivered as I filled her fully and withdrew my penis slightly. 

I felt her anal passage tighten around me and I continued to slowly stroke in and out of her tight bottom until all 7+ inches were tightly packed up her ass. Cathleen really began to moan and her whole body shook in anticipation of what she knew was coming. I began to slowly fuck her but soon picked up the pace as I penetrated her with long hard strokes that used the entire length of my thick cock. Cathleen was going wild as she loved the feel of my cock as it pulled out and then came crashing back in and filled her ass. Cathleen was thrashing around uncontrollably, gasping and moaning with pleasure. When I reached underneath her to stroke her clit she exploded with her third orgasm of the morning. 

I continued to hammer her ass with long strokes then suddenly I felt that familiar tension in my balls and I knew I was close. I began to piston my raging cock harder into her searing ass in search of my release, which also increased the intensity of her orgasm. She was yelling and moaning, clawing and scratching at the cover of the waterbed begging me to cum. 

"Give it to me, give it to me, give me your cum, cum in my ass," she begged as she always did. Cathleen loved to feel my warm seed shoot into her rectum.

I felt powerful and dominant with my impressive dick stuffed up the beautiful ass of a woman who could not get enough of me. Cathleen lay submissively before me on all fours as I towered above her like some untamed animal with a strong sexual hold on her. I took firm hold of her hips and slammed once more full force into Cathleen's ass. I did that three or four more times and then I let out a loud groan as I emptied my seed deep into her bowels. I surprised myself with the amount of cum I produced that morning as my dick continued to hammer into her ass.

When I was finished I pulled out of her ass as Cathleen collapsed on the bed utterly spent. I slumped down next to her quivering body. My cock was still hard and I was pleased that I remained hard. Until that day I had never used an ED pill but since we were going to be at the Chateau all day, I decided to try it. I had asked my physician about them and he gave me a free sample that contained three pills. I had taken one that morning before picking Cathleen up at the office. If my erection lasted four hours that day, Cathleen would be in for a treat.

Cathleen then got up and returned to the Jacuzzi where we soaked our aching muscles. After the Jacuzzi I offered her a massage which she gladly accepted. I had her lay face down and worked her back, legs and buttocks. Not so surprisingly I got an erection as I massaged and fingered her ass again. I fucked her ass again for awhile without cumming this time. After the ass fuck I rolled Cathleen over on her back and continued the massage this time working her tits, abs, legs and pubes. I finished her off with a thorough pussy eating which had her screaming my name and humping my face with her volcanic orgasm. After that we relaxed in each other's arms. I looked over at the clock and saw that it was 12:30 PM. We had been having sex for over three hours.

I got out of bed and brought the lunch basket over. I opened a bottle of wine and then Cathleen and I ate lunch naked in bed. It was the first time I had ever eaten a meal naked with another person. It was an erotic feeling to do so in the motel room. Cathleen and I drank a couple of glasses of wine, ate the small sandwiches I prepared along with some cheese and fruit.

"Do you remember the first time we had wine at the Chateau? Do you remember pouring some down the crack of my bottom when we were in the Jacuzzi and then drinking it as you licked me and tongued me?" Cathleen recalled.

"I remember that very well. It was very exciting," I replied.

"Would you do that again for me later?" she requested.

"Of course, I would love to," I agreed.

Cathleen then glanced at my cock which was getting hard again. "We are very horny today aren't we," she teased as she took my cock in her hand and stroked it.

"You bring out the best in me," I told her opting not to say anything about the pill.

"I'm getting hot again," she rasped.

We set down our wine glasses and cleared off the bed. I lay down on my back and Cathleen straddled my body guiding my cock into her pussy. She rocked slowly at first and then picked up the pace as she raced toward yet another orgasm. She groaned loudly when she climaxed and I felt her juices drench my cock in her womb. Cathleen collapsed on my body and asked me to hold her. I held her body close to mine and let my hands wander down to her fabulous ass. I loved to fondle the cheeks of her incredible ass and feel the firm smooth flesh in my hands.

"You like my ass don't you?" she whispered.

"I love your ass," I assured her and I did. She had the best ass that I had ever fucked.

We lay there for at least twenty minutes with her on top of me and me caressing her solid body. I ran my hands up and down her back and then back to her ass. I fondled her ass and let my finger slide in her crack to tease her anus. Cathleen cooed when my finger wormed its way into her asshole and slowly finger fucked her. My cock was still in her pussy and I was still hard. I moved under her and Cathleen felt my cock twitch in her pussy. 

"Can we go back in the Jacuzzi for awhile?" she asked softly.

"Sure," I said.

Cathleen lifted her body off of mine and as she did my cock slipped from her pussy and slapped against my pubes. She smiled at me and then she slid down and took my cock in her mouth. She sucked it briefly and then she got out of bed and into the Jacuzzi tub. I grabbed the wine, followed her into the tub and turned the jets back on. Cathleen leaned back into me as she had done before and we both sipped our wine as I caressed her cute titties with my free hand.

After several minutes of sipping wine and caressing Cathleen I moved her to the other side of the Jacuzzi. She looked over her shoulder and smiled at me as she knew what was coming next. I lifted her hips so that her buttocks were above the surface of the water and she arched her back accentuating the shape of her fine ass. I took the wine bottle and poured in on her tailbone and let the wine run down the crack of her ass. Then I leaned in and drank the wine from her body, rimming her asshole and tonguing her pussy in the process. Cathleen went absolutely wild. She was an insatiable woman and I was glad that she was. I like the fact that she could seem to cum all day.

Cathleen groaned and I sensed that she had another mild orgasm as I rimmed her ass and drank the wine from her holes. Then I moved behind her and slipped my cock into her ass again. The oily water provided enough lube and my cock easily entered her ass. I fucked her slowly savoring the moment and the scene. Her ass glistened with the slick bath oil and my cock looked great sliding in and out of her curvy bottom. I didn't need to cum again right away and besides I still wanted to have something left for later. Each time I felt my balls tighten I slowed down or stopped to avoid cumming too soon. After about 30 minutes of screwing her fine ass I finally lost control and ejaculated into her ass. Cathleen cooed when she felt the warm semen enter her rectum again and she squeezed her sphincter muscles in response.

I pulled my cock from her ass and we both fell back in the Jacuzzi. Cathleen leaned back into me once again and I caressed her titties and pussy as we relaxed in the bubbly oily water. Our bodies were so slick with bath oil that there was no friction when we rubbed together. Cathleen then asked for a massage so we exited the Jacuzzi and returned to the water bed. Cathleen lay face down on the bed as I retrieved the body oil. I then straddled her body and let my cock rest on her ass. I poured the oil on her back and then proceeded to massage it into her shoulders and back. I massaged her upper body drawing moans and coos from her.

My cock was still hard and I looked forward to fucking her ass again even though I was sure that I could not cum again. I moved down to the foot of the bed and began to massage Cathleen's muscular shapely legs. I began with her calves and worked my way up to her thighs. I massaged the backs of her thighs and then let my hands slip between them. As I got dangerously close to her pussy she lifted her butt up slightly to give me access. I massaged her inner thighs and let my fingers dance around her pussy. Cathleen moaned louder and spread her legs wider so that my fingers could enter her. I played with her for awhile and then I returned to massaging her body and this time her luscious ass was my target.

I rubbed the body oil into her buttocks and took my time massaging her hot ass. I ran my hands between the cheeks of her ass and massaged each buttock. Then I placed a hand on each of her buttocks and massaged her gently. My cock was twitching again and suddenly I was anxious to fuck her again. I lifted Cathleen up by the hips and as always she turned her head to one side on the mattress. I fingered her anus with my index finger and as she liked I slipped my middle and ring fingers into her pussy. I fingered both her holes for several minutes and Cathleen continued cooing aloud as I penetrated her. Then I just had to have her ass one more time.

I poured a little body oil on my cock and eased it back into her ass. My cock slid in easily and I began to fuck her ass once again. This time I fucked her slowly for a long time and I surprised myself by cumming for a third time. By the time I was done fucking her, our thighs muscles were aching. We both collapsed on the bed and Cathleen cuddled up in my arms. I looked over at the clock and saw that it was almost 5:00 PM. I couldn't believe the day had gone so fast. We only had the room until 6:00 PM so we still had time to rest awhile and shower.
