 "Here you go, Ted. Sit back and enjoy your beer. I've asked you to join me because I've got a story to tell you that's gonna grab your imagination by the balls," I said as I put his beer down in front of him. He and I were seated across from one another in a booth in Ernie's Bar just down the block from the Riverview Athletic Center. We each had a cold draft. 

"I've seen you working out at the Center for quite awhile now and I almost feel like I know you. So I've decided to let you in on a pretty amazing thing that happened to me last month. This is kind of a long story so make yourself comfortable and I'll get launched." He nodded and I began. 

"I've been working down at the Riverview Athletic Center for the past four years and while the pay isn't too hot, on occasion the fringe benefits can be terrific. I'm speaking of opportunities that come my way on a fairly frequent basis. I've often wondered if it's the atmosphere of the place, the tight-fitting workout clothes or simply pheromones floating in the air that are to blame, but whatever it is, the results are definitely all right by me. Many of the women who frequent the club are hot-to-trot!

"I must confess, my particular weakness is married ladies, they have always been a special turn-on for me. Perhaps that's because I got my first piece of ass from one of my mother's married friends. That horny woman gave me a crash course in sex. To this day, I treasure the memory of seeing the flash of light from her wedding and engagement rings as she was holding my cock and giving me my first blow job. 

"Wives have that aura of the 'forbidden' surrounding them, a pledge of exclusivity to one man that I take pleasure in helping them violate. Besides the obvious physical pleasure of having sex with them, I find it difficult to analyze just why it is I take such particular delight in fucking other men's ladies, but the fact is I do. It does gives me a special sense of satisfaction when I succeed in filling a married pussy with my sperm and know that an unsuspecting husband will be the receiving my sloppy seconds from his sweet and 'faithful' wife. 

"I'm a bit reluctant to let you in on my secret, but I suspect you already know what it is. There is one excellent reason why I'm so successful at seducing wives. Husbands who pay their ladies little or no attention are their own worst enemies and my best friends. All I do is give ignored women my time and admiration. My efforts are often rewarded by a plunge into a nice warm vagina whose owner appreciates the extra attention I've shown her and wants to reward me with a sweet piece of ass." I stopped to take a sip of beer and I could see I had Ted's undivided attention. Why not, I thought. What man doesn't enjoy talking about pussy?

"Anyway, to continue my story, about a month ago I received a very unusual proposition and this time it was not from a woman. I was in this exact same bar just like yourself listening as this perfectly normal looking guy was telling me he wanted me to ball his wife! Now this was strange enough in itself, but it wouldn't have been a problem if all I had to do was ball the lady. The really weird part was that he wanted to be right there in the room with us and watch while I did her. 

"For a man such as myself who I already told you takes special delight in fucking married ladies this was very intriguing. The man making me this amazing proposition was not exactly a stranger to me. He was John Richards, a buttoned-down, business man type. He and his wife had been members of the Athletic Center for as long as I'd worked there. Hell, he and I had even played racquetball on occasion.

"'This is kind of hard for me, Jim,' John said to me. 'I've never done anything like this before. Oh shit!! What I'm trying to say is that a having a threesome with my wife and another man has become a favorite fantasy for me. We've talked about it a bunch of times and she is definitely intrigued, but hesitant at the same time. Sue claims she'd have to be in 'the mood' before she'd welcome another man into her bed and I'd like for you to help me get her in 'the mood.' Then...this is the hardest part for me to confess, at first I just want to watch while you ball her.'

"I took a gulp rather than a sip of my beer, wondering how to deal with this. I knew who his wife was and I was definitely interested. The woman could have stepped off a magazine cover. But, god! Did I want to fuck a wife with her husband watching? This was hazardous territory. People have gotten themselves shot for being discovered in bed with a wife and I've always been careful to indulge my little fetish in the safest way possible. But the mental image John had conjured up for me made my cock stir. It might be worth a little risk to fuck a lady silly with her husband as an audience. . . that way I'd almost certainly get to watch him actually having his sloppy seconds rather than just imagining it. I guess it was then I made up my mind to do it, but at the same time I didn't want to seem overeager. 

"'I'm not too sure about this, John," I said. "Don't get me wrong. I've seen your wife at the Center. She's a lovely woman and I'd love to go to bed with her, but I just don't know about you watching us. What's your angle? Are you trying to get something on her for a divorce?'

"'No, Jim. I'm not trying to take advantage of anyone. I just want all three of us to have a good time. Here. Maybe these'll help convince you,' he said taking a handful of pictures from his pocket and putting them on the bar in front of me. 

"I picked up the first one and looked at it and I almost choked. I swallowed and took a quick sip of beer. I glanced at John, searching his face for some sort of a clue as to how he expected me to react. 

"'I'm sure you've seen her at the club. That's my wife, Sue. Isn't she beautiful?' he asked with a proud smile. 

"Now what he had put on the bar for me to look at were not snapshots of 'the wife at a picnic.' The picture I was holding was of a nearly naked woman whom I recognized instantly. I was flat-assed amazed that the woman in that lewd photo was the same proper and modest wife I saw at the club on a regular basis. In that snapshot, she was obviously getting off at flaunting her sex for the camera. 

"She was seductively posed, reclining on a bed, her long auburn hair spread across the pillows. She was dressed in a couple of flimsy pieces of 'catch me, fuck me' lingerie that merely accentuated her full breasts and furry dark muff. There was definitely more to this lady than her reserved manner at the club seemed to indicate. 

"I realized I had been holding my breath. I let it out and looked at the second picture. In this one Sue was seated on the edge of the bed smiling into the camera with her legs spread and one hand cupping her beaver. That graceful hand just barely concealed her mound from view while the other cradled one of her beautiful breasts. A pink nipple peeked out from between her fingers just below the glinting diamond in her engagement ring. 

"The rest of the photos were similar, but in every one of them the lady was amazingly desirable. By the time I finished examining them my cock was hard as a rock and I would have agreed to just about anything short of murder to get into her panties. I could hardly believe this stupid shit was actually serious. He was offering to let me fuck his exquisite wife. I had tried to flirt with Sue at the Center a time or two with no success. Now her husband wanted to set me up with a sure thing. My mouth had gone dry and I took another sip of beer and swallowed as I tried to imagine what a man who had just shared sexy pictures of his wife with a stranger would want to hear. 

"'She sure is one gorgeous woman,' I said deciding to play it safe by stating the obvious. 'Any man'd give his left nut to bed her. So how'd you pick me to join you two?'

"'Well, Jim, another detail about Sue, she's fascinated by well endowed men. I'm convinced she'll jump at the chance to have a man with a really big cock. I've seen you in the locker room and I'm sure you can satisfy her curiosity.' 

"'Well it doesn't make me too pleased that you've been checking out my dick, but if you've only been doing research for your wife I guess that's all right,' I said with a smile. 

"What he was referring to is the fact that I'm blessed with a larger than average cock. I'm not bragging, but it's a full nine inches when standing at attention. Many women have been shocked by its thickness as well. Having a big dick is another of my advantages where the ladies are concerned. Word gets around and many times my bed partners, who share that information with their lady friends, have recruited new lovers for me. Women will deny that they get turned on by the size of a cock, but they're all curious. Once they see mine and touch it they invariably want to take me on. I sometimes think they regard my endowment as a personal challenge." I drained the last of my beer and said, "Sorry about the digression, but I thought it might clarify what happened later. This is what happened next." I was worried that I might be boring my listener, but when he ordered fresh beers I knew he was ready to hear more. 

"'So what do you get out of this, John?' I asked him.'

"'I'm having difficulty figuring that out for myself. What I can't understand is, in spite of the fact that I really love my wife and we have a good sex life, I have this overwhelming desire to watch her being unfaithful to me. I want to watch as the whole affair takes place, starting right from the beginning when you seduce her and then actually being there during the consummation of her infidelity when you fuck my darling Sue. God, I'm even looking forward to enjoying sloppy seconds after you've come in her. I guess I've become obsessed with turning my perverted little fantasy into reality,' he said with a rueful smile. 'I haven't a clue why I find the idea of seeing my wife in the arms of another man so exciting, but I obviously do since we're having this conversation.'

"'You're sure you won't suddenly get an attack of jealousy or something?' I asked.

"'Not a chance,' John said. He laughed and continued, 'I've invested more than a year in getting her primed for this. Now she actually gets excited about the idea of having two cocks to service her and she comes like a house afire after we watch a threesome video and then make love. I'm tired of relying on my imagination or some lame fuck video to fuel my fantasy. I wanna see a real stud with a nice big dick fuck the living shit out of my sexy wife.'

"'I get the picture,' I said wondering how I'd managed to hit this amazing jackpot. 'So, how do we go about setting this up?' 

"'All right! You're willing to play. That's great! Well, here's what I have in mind. Next week is our tenth wedding anniversary. We usually celebrate by getting a nice hotel room downtown. Traditionally, we go out for dinner and dancing and when we return to our room we exchange gifts. For instance, last year I gave her tickets for a Hawaii cruise. This year, my plan is for you to be Sue's gift.'

"'You're kidding! You want me to fuck your wife on her wedding anniversary. God, I love it! That is totally kinky! I must tell you, you've hit my hot button. I like new and quirky experiences. You've convinced me. I can hardly wait to get it on with your anniversary girl. So, how do we make this happen?'

"'Yeah, I know, giving your wife a big-dicked stud is a bit kinky to begin with, but add in the anniversary bit plus the fact that I'll be watching the whole scene and we have the potential for creating some seriously depraved sex. Like you, the anniversary detail just adds to the lechery of the situation for me. You won't regret fucking my wife. You'll enjoy her a lot. She's a hot one! So, here's the plan I've come up with to get my lady in 'the mood' to play.'

"John went on to explain how I would 'accidentally' meet them where they went to dance. He filled me in on the details of what she liked, what to avoid and tips on how to seduce her. 

"'If everything goes the way it should,' he said. 'We'll all have fun. You'll get to have my wife. She'll enjoy a dynamite piece of ass and I'll get to watch as the whole lecherous event takes place.'

"I spent the entire next week in a state of perpetual sexual arousal. It didn't help when the totally proper Sue came into the Center on her regular days. What a distraction it was when I found myself staring at her, mentally undressing this exquisite woman, seeing her as she had been in the sexy pictures John had shown me, wondering if I would be lucky enough to be welcomed into her bed. I must have been a bit obvious in my admiration of her because she gave me a searching look and a small smile as she left the Center on Thursday.

"Friday night finally arrived. I was to meet them at an upscale dance and supper club at nine that evening. I arrived a few minutes early and took a seat at the bar. I had worn a proper blue blazer and a close fitting pair of slacks with no underwear in preparation for my role in this seduction drama and the effect must have been eye-catching judging by the look the cocktail waitress gave me as I walked in and moved across the room to take a seat at the bar. 

"I had only been there long enough to take a couple of hits off my scotch and soda when John and Sue came in. If Sue hadn't been with him, I'm not sure I would have recognized her right away without her workout gear on. 

"The woman was transformed into an elegant dream. Her mane of dark auburn hair was arranged on top of her head so her graceful neck was available for me to admire. She wore a floor length black gown with a very low bodice that emphasized her generous breasts. A gold chain circled her neck and a diamond pendant nestled in her cleavage. A thigh-high slit in her dress teasingly revealed a shapely leg. 

"I suppressed my vivid imaginings of where this evening was intended to go in an attempt to keep my restless cock from standing at attention. Throughout the club heads turned to check them out as Sue and John made their way to a table away from the dance floor in a somewhat secluded corner and the eyes weren't on John. I had trouble drawing a breath as I realized I had a very good chance of making love to this incredibly beautiful woman before the night was done. "When they were settled in, I walked over to their table and said, 'Well, look who's here. Hi, John and...Sue isn't it?' She looked up at me and smiled but I detected just the slightest hint of annoyance at my interruption. 

"'You'll like it here,' I continued, secure in the knowledge that they had never been here before and knew as little about the place as I did. 'It's unusual in this day and age, but this place has a really good dance band.'

"John nodded and smiled. 'I'm glad to hear that. We just finished dinner and now we're really looking forward to doing a little dancing. We've heard good things about this place and it's nice to have someone confirm them.'

"'I just wanted to say hello,' I said and turned as if to leave.

"'Wait a second,' John said. 'Are you alone?'

"'Unfortunately, yes," I admitted, smiling warmly at Sue. Her eyes drifted down to my trouser front and momentarily widened in surprise.

"'I don't know if the two of you have met officially,' John said. 'Sue, I'd like for you to meet Jim Barber. I'm sure you've seen him at the Athletic Center.'

"'Oh yes, we've seen each other there,' she said pointedly and I got the feeling she was referring to my eyeing her at the Center as I undressed her in my mind's eye, but then she seemed to relent. She smiled warmly at me and said, 'Hello, Jim. I'm pleased to officially meet you.'

"'I assure you the pleasure is all mine, Sue' I said and meant it on several levels.

"'Sit down and join us for a drink,' John said.

"'Please do,' Sue added, her husky voice warm with genuine welcome as she indicated the empty chair next to her.

"We all got fresh drinks and after a couple minutes of small talk John and Sue got up to dance. After my 'dance band' spiel I was relieved to see there actually was a band and they sounded pretty damned good to me. I honest to god couldn't take my eyes off her as they moved around the floor. If I'd been John I sure as shit couldn't have shared this beauty with any other man. What amazing good fortune it was for me that he didn't feel that way. When the tune was over and the band started a slow number John brought Sue back to the table. 

"As they approached I stood up and said, 'John, with your permission I'd like to ask your lovely wife for this next dance.'

"'That's fine with me,' he said with a shit-eating grin. Sue smiled at me and entered my arms. We whirled off across the floor to the strains of 'Unchained Melody,' a true make-out number if there ever was one. The fragrance of the woman, her hair, her perfume, the subtle underlying scent of her body, made me want her more intensely than I could ever remember wanting any other woman. Before the number was half over my heart leaped when she tentatively brushed her hip against my semi-hard cock but I was careful not to respond. When the music ended we returned to the table where John had new drinks awaiting us. Sue drank down fully half of hers in a couple of gulps before John had her on her feet again.

"That was how the evening progressed until all three of us were feeling no pain. I decided that it was about time to make my move. When the next slow one came along Sue and I whirled away onto the floor and this time I held her closer. She didn't back away and my cock hardened as I pressed it against her abdomen. Just when things were getting interesting the musicians took a break. We returned to the table only to discover that John had ordered a bottle of champagne.

"'My goodness. What's the occasion?' I asked.

"Sue giggled. 'It's our tenth wedding anniversary.' 

"'I didn't know that,' I said. 'I'd better be off and let you two celebrate.'

"'Don't be silly,' she said. 'Dancing with you has been a real treat. I'm sure John doesn't mind. Do you, Honey?' Without waiting for him to answer she picked up her glass and said, 'A toast! Here's to making new friends.' She smiled at me and winked.

"I really thought John's shit eating grin would give our little plot away but Sue had had enough to drink that she didn't catch on. When she excused herself to go to the ladies' room John poured more wine and we raised our glasses to each other. 

"'She's beginning to get turned on,' John confided. 'I know my wife. A couple more dances and she'll be itching to get laid.'

"After the music started again John danced with Sue another time. When they sat down a slow number came on and I asked her to dance. She stood and we glided off onto the floor. This time I could feel her actively pushing her belly against my hardening penis. When my erection was firmly trapped between our bodies she whispered in my ear, 'My god, Jim. Are you carrying a flashlight or something in your pants?'

"'No flashlight, Sue. That's just me," I said holding her even closer. 'This happens to me when I'm dancing with a very sexy woman. I hope you don't mind.'

"'God! No! I don't mind. I take it as a compliment. You feel so nice pressing against my tummy. John is nowhere near as big as you. If he weren't here I might even be tempted to do something really crazy like take you back to my room and ball your brains out.'

"Her words sent a jolt of electricity through me. All I could think of was how close I was to actually making love to this woman. I didn't want to screw this up. "'God. That sounds fantastic,' I said. 'I'd love to go back to your room with you.' Just then the music stopped leaving us stranded in the middle of the dance floor kind of glued together. 
