 Three at last, They reciprocate until he can no longer co-operate.

.......................

The sweet mind pictures of his first day with Rachel fade and Dave comes back to bright sunshine reality as they cross the living room and stand at the door to the sun porch. 

Sandy pulls him by his ever swelling dick leash through the living room. She pauses at the curtain of mardi-gras beads hanging over the doorway to the second story porch. They stand behind the curtain in deep shadows looking out onto the sunlit porch. To the outside world they are invisible behind the curtain. 

On the porch Rachel reclined, a naked snake hipped Cleopatra on a beach towel in the sun. 

Her auburn hair is twisted in a knot, skewered with a chopstick hair bar. Rachel's body shines with a cover of oil. 

Seeing her pussy lips swollen fat. Her nipples erect. Dave remembers the flavor he couldn't place when he kissed Sandy. 

Pussy! Sandy has a mouth full of Rachel's PUSSY juice. With the thought, Dave's cock pulses with pre-cum drool. Sandy feels the dick-throb in her grip. She squeezes her fingertips against his urethra holding him tight. 

She eases her grip to let a little dribble of his juice ooze out and dribble down his cock. Slowly her oily slick hand jacks him sliding her fist out over his knob. As they look out the curtain, she slides her hand up to squeeze tight round the spongy head of his dick. 

The sweet ecstasy of her squeeze nearly buckling his knees, he whispers, "Fuck." He groans as she rubs her oil slick thumb over the bulging helmet flipping his dick tip, spreading his slickum. She has him at her mercy in the palm of her hand. 

Naked, Sandy steps through the mardi-gras bead string curtain onto the sunny porch pulling only Dave's dick through the curtain. Dave's body is hidden in shadows behind the thick screen of beads.

He shoves the lemonade and glasses through the strands. It feels deliciously wicked to be naked standing on the porch in the daylight. 

Sandy's house stands on a hill at least 50 feet above the street. Her second story sun porch sticks out to the East beyond the neighboring houses. On the north the house is surrounded by leafy trees. The street side has a bamboo screen shielding the view from neighbors across the street 100 yards away on the other side of the ravine. To the south the neighbor houses set back and cannot see the porch. The sleeping porch is surrounded by a solid 4 foot high wall. It is very private. 

Sandy's cooter squeezes up tight inside, her nipples crinkle and she grins with the excitement as she presents a handful of dick to to Rachel saying, "Look what I found."

To which Rachel replies with a giggle, "Cool, a cock and some lemonade, just what I need." 

On the porch, there are two old twin-sized feather mattresses lining the floor. Against the low walls are piles of big old couch pillows. The north wall is shadowed by bamboo blinds on the East. Long square bolster pillows from an old couch make a low soft bench in the center. An assortment of beach towels cover most everything making a cozy nest for three. 

Sandy hands the veggies to Rachel and takes the lemonade pitcher from Dave's hand. 

Parting the beads Dave steps onto the porch. Sandy still has his cock-shaft in her grip. 

She squeezes and the cock-head bulges out ahead of her fist. 

"Golly, I thought you got lost. It's about time you showed up and you brought something good to eat," more giggles. "The snacks too." 

Still leading him by the dick, Sandy says "Come over here, we have plans for you"

Dave sets the tumblers down as he is guided onto the mattress. 

Releasing his cock, Sandy pours lemonade into glasses set on a small wire spool table in arms reach of the mattresses. 

Dave eases down next to Rachel's oily body with his head resting up against pillows on the north wall. His boner is swollen fat, bulging the oil slick skin shiny tight across his head. It arcs away from his body, pulsing up and down with his heartbeat. Turning his body to kiss Rachel, Dave is gentle but his hand, chilled by the lemonade pitcher, is a cold touch to her tit. Rachel squeals, shivers, squirms and presses his cold hand to her breast as his cock nudges against her hip searching for a warm spot to burrow.

Sandy, desperate and not to be deterred, sits down on his thighs, staking her claim, pinning his hips to the mattress. In mounting Dave, Sandy's oil slicked knee shoves Rachel's hips away from Dave breaking their kiss. 

"Hey." cries Rachel.

Sandy spreads her knees wider on either side of Dave's hips asserting her turf. Digging her toes into the mattress she raises over his spring steel cock prong teasing them both with cunt fur tickles. With one hand Sandy finger combs her pubes opening her long outer cunt-lips. With the other hand she settles his cock-meat sandwiching the length in the deep wet cleft. 

Humping she slides her slippery cunt over his cock. Her head is up as she proudly thrusts her shaking tits. From clit to cunt hole those awesome slippery sensitive lips stretch half way round the shaft of his cock. Sliding back she squashed his balls against her body. He spreads his legs to protect the jewels and her wetness slides down covering his body as she wantonly rocks sliding clit on the length of his cock, leaving just the tip poking out from her lips like big upside down clit . 

Rachel says, "I want some of that too." as she scrambles onto his abdomen facing Sandy. Mounted, Rachel wraps her legs around Sandy's thighs slithering her body from tits to pubes against her lover, Sandy's body. Rachel's oil slick ass slides on Dave's belly until her cunt-lips cover his cock tip. 

"OOF, Good thing you don't weigh much Rachel." grunts Dave with no real indication of annoyance. 

Her backside makes a thrilling sight as she slides her baby oil slick buns bulge on his abs.

Rachel and Sandy hold each other in a tight hug wrestling for a personal best cunt slide on cock position. 

Rachel's little body bounces off his dick tip as Sandy ruts forcefully on his shaft, "I want to ride his dick too. I fucked him first. We're in a co-op together." pouts Rachel. 

Dave pushes on her hips to slide her further down on his dick tip pushing her into Sandy moving them both on the cockslide. 

"You wouldn't have met him if it wasn't for me. You had him, now it's my turn, don't be greedy. It's time to share. I haven't been fucked in so long, I need it bad," Sandy whines, pushing back against Rachel sliding the two cunts up his dick. Their clits briefly meet in the middle smashed together on the cock-slide. 

"Competition? How can I lose?" thinks Dave.

Sandy's slick cunt has more zuftig oomph, but Rachel makes up for size with fierce force of will gaining ground on the three-way cock, cunt, clit sliding frenzy. The two women hug each other face to face, locked in a kiss. Rachel's heels hooked over Sandy's thighs pull her cunt tight into the mutual dick slide. 

Sandy pins his cock between her slippery lips leaving the tip exposed like she has a great big clit. The angle is wrong for Rachel to get anymore than the exposed cocktip bumping against her clit. 

Rachel sits up, back sway-bellied to get more dicktip on clit action. Rachel's legs pull Sandy into a tight hug as they kiss deeply, tits rubbing one another and pussy's juicing on the shared cock. 

Dave pushes Rachel against Sandy spearing her clit with the tip of his dick. 

"That's what I was missing," says Sandy. 

"Your clit just isn't big enough to get me off," complains Rachel. "But this will work."

A three way slippery slide goes back and forth on his cock. Rachel is light and she easily slides up and down his abs with her sun oily butt. 

Dave curls up to slide a pillow under his shoulders and makes a valley between his abs and thighs. He grabs a handful of Rachel tit then gets a finger on her clit next to his cock. 

Sandy pushes Rachel with her belly as she strains for more dick action. Rachel slides up his abs and off his dick. Finally losing the body weight battle Rachel lays back with a sexually frustrated "harumpf." Laid against his shoulder with her cunt up she immediately gets his hand over her groin, finger in her cunt, pinky on her bum and a thumb flipping on her little clit button. His other hand holds her by the tit as she writhes in pleasure on his belly. His thumb strums her sex like a slow beat on tight guitar string. Her body resonates with the note. 

Seeing this move, Sandy slides back to let his dick pop up between the women. His shaft stands up tall landing the head high between Rachel's butt cheeks.

Feeling the change of dick position, Dave easily slides Rachel's snatch toward Sandy. Now Rachel and Sandy are pressed together in the valley made by his thighs and abs. They capture the standing dick between them. Sandy's clit rubs against his dick root just above his balls. At first Rachel has his dick pressed longways against her asshole. Feeling the new source of stimulation she drops her legs around Sandy to get full contact with his dick sliding on her labia and clit. Now the two women shake and slide, barely moving from the anchor of their shared main pole. Back and forth bumping, Rachel starts to pant. Dave keeps one hand on Rachel's boob to hold her body in place and circles Sandy's nipple with his fingertips. His dick is slickly captured between two cunts in a valley of delights. 

Sandy says hoarsely, "We tried this without you and it just wasn't the same. We just weren't getting enough clit contact. We were eating each other out when we thought to call you." Her clit thrums with joy sliding over the soft ripply surface of his bulging urethra. His disk head teases between Rachel's splayed cuntlips pressed to her by Sandy's belly.

Impossible as it may seem, his fat dick surges, swelling as a premonition / memory of Rachel's tight little vag squeezing him to orgasmic bliss clouds his mind. Dave's dick tip searches, longing for her opening, only to be denied by the angles and cunt sliding competition. 

The pussy lips are slippery on his cock but every now and then someone tilts and hair rubs his shaft or dickhead roughly taking just the edge off his excitement. Beginning to think he could die of frustration with his dick sandwiched between the two pairs of cuntlips. Dave just grunts. 

Apparently Sandy feels the same way, It's fun but not good enough to cum. "Enough of this." Sandy moans out, "I need it in me now." 

Rising up, her thighs push Rachel back against Dave as she slots the slippery dickhead between her cunt lips. His shaft slides full length into her hungry center as she sits down with a whoomping exhale. "woohhhfff." 

Balls deep in a single stroke she bends forward to press her clit against his dick root. Savagely, Sandy tilts her pelvis, bending his cock to drag the shaft out across her clit. Taking hard pressed short strokes the downward pressure is heaven to her, but distractingly painful to Dave. The horny heat that has been building in Sandy for days feels like an escaping beast. It swells her boobs, hardens her nipples and forms a hot knot deep in her belly. Pierced by his cock, the heat lets down through her pussy lips. She feels a fabulous burning heat grow in intensity. 

Rachel is laid back pressed between the two. Dave dives a middle finger hooking deep into her cunt searching for that wonderful g-spot then pulling out to do more guitar thumb tip flips on her clit. 

Sandy leans forward and sucks Rachel's nipple capturing his hand between their slippery bodies. 

Sandy strokes her clit on his cock like a violin bow on a string. Vibrating, she starts to come. Intensity fires from her clit, tightening her asshole as her vagina tries to nip off his cock. Her finger diddles their union spreading slick-um up her lips. She concentrates on her cunt quake feelings with his cock as deep as it will go. Then a lightening bolt of orgasmic cum erupts from her pussy, tearing up through her chest, shooting fire through her nipples flowing up and out her straining forehead. Echos of the impact bounce from her toes to her rose tinted blushing cheeks. 

Hugging Rachel from behind with his free arm he teases her breast and nipple. Rachel milks Sandy's nipples like pulling a cow's teat. Sandy moans as her cunt contracts in waves on his cock. Sandy rides long strokes on his dick through her orgasm. Her head reared back, eyes closed, chest out nipples pulled to a point, her curly golden hair thrown back, thrashing. 

As Sandy's cooter calms from it's crazy cum clamps, Rachel cups and supports her breasts spinning circles around the aureoles with her thumbs. Dave continues to finger deep into Rachel's channel strumming her clit gently. 

Now Dave takes over, thrusting and bucking Sandy on his hips. She is lined up on his dick without bending and bounces from his thrusts. Sandy kegels her vagina firing a pleasurable tingle in his cockhead. His bucking only lasts a few moments before his jism shoots into Sandy. The cum is a quickie, his bucking is an athletic sprint with two women on top. He stops thrusting as that huge blast of jism flies. His second pulse is small, then he collapses.

Sandy's post orgasmic shudders grow weaker and finally she rolls off to the side. 

Awkwardly, his still rampant dick schlurps from her overflowing pussy to stand tall. 

Rachel spots the boner immediately, squealing, "Now fuck me!" 

She sits up preparing to take Sandy's place. Eager to fuck, Rachel straddles his belly facing his feet. Her milkmaids powerful grip jacks a few quick strokes on his cock, stripping blood toward the tip, making the cock-head swell fat to full bloom. In seconds she is rising up from his belly to spear the sex slippery cock into her cunt. He watches her sweet rounded backside flex as she kneels savagely fucking her tight cunt on his cock. 

A ring of her frothing cunt-lube circles his shaft. Dave wipes a finger full in circles round her winking asshole as she slides up and down his pole. The angle is good for her clit on the bottom of his cock, but as she flexes her hips to get more pressure on her clit the angle and shape of her vagina bends his cock against its upward banana curve. 

It must have felt good to her but caused him eye-bulging pain. 

"Take it easy, Don't break it." He exclaimed grabbing her hips in self protection. 

Fucking her deep, the bottom of his cock hit the front of her vagina mashing it against her g-spot. Her strong body controlled the coitus. Her hard strokes rode length of his cock guided by his hands sliding from her hips up and down her sides caressing her tits at the top raising her body to change the angle on his cock. 

Rachel's sex lust is stronger than his arms. She settles his cock deeply in her body, then launches her little ass into motion, whipping short hip tilting clit rubbing rabbit fuck strokes hard against this cockroot. His dick is just a dildo in her now. She is lost in lust as her humping focuses on just one thing. OORRGGAASSMM.

Rachel is going crazy on his cock. He just hangs on to her hips as she power fucks. Rachel's internal muscles ripple gripping their union. "Though she may be but small she is fierce." flashes through his mind and he wonders if Shakespeare ever had a lover like Rachel. 

That wonderful blinding feeling consumes her body and mind. Her entire body contracts to just a pussy clamped around a dick for those wonderful moments. No sight, no sound, no feeling other than exquisite radiating orgasm. Her pussy floods her juice around his groin. The cock bending distracts him, holding his jism shot at bay while Rachel climbs over her peak. Her shoulders flush pink. She leans forward bracing her hands on his knees concentrating on prolonging the crest of her cummy glow. Blinded by her lust she rips full length strokes up and down his cock-shaft pounding him as deep as she can. 

Then suddenly she spasms, buns clamp, motion stops as she shakes in orgasm. The hot flash of sexual release explodes from her clit, burns through her cunt and shooting icy fires through her core. 

Releasing a held breath, her voice cracks a little soprano, "Aagghh." before she breaks into ragged pants of lust. A few seconds later she re-starts her cock ripping strokes, prolonging her orgasmic high. 

He holds her hips to defend his cock. He fucks up into her matching her manic pace. She is tight, tight, tight. Her orgasmic vaginal squeeze pleasures his dick down the length of his shaft. His dick-glow is getting there. His second orgasm of the morning builds. This is another quick ascent to the peak as her orgasming vagina strokes hard. He cums in fast little shots. She is lost in her own orgasmic place, stroking obliviously right through his. 

The jism shots stop but his dick remains flexy hard as it slops in her squishy vagina. Two naked women and several days of study induced sexual abstinence have his ball batteries fully charged. Ah youth. 

Rachel frigs her clit as he pumps her juicy quim, forcing her O over another peak. As the orgasm hits, She freezes in whole body spasm, vagina squeezing then releasing. Her moans are deep and seem too low for such a tiny woman. 

Her cunt pulsing with contractions, she lies back on his chest. 

Holding one hand on her tummy he diddles round her clit all the way down to where his cock is lodged in her vagina. He can feel her contractions pulsing against his hand. 

The other hand cradles one breast after another, alternately cupping and stroking her nipples. 

Finally, she whispers, "No more, no more, I can't take anymore right now." 

She tilts her pelvis, releasing the dick which pops out to stand against her lips. Their spend is released sending a slippery sluice of juice between her legs, dribbling between her buns onto his groin and around his balls headed for the towel. 

He rolls her over on top of Sandy. The two women embrace face to face. Sandy's legs are still spread. Sandy has watched the two fuck through slitted eyes as she bathed in her wonderful afterglow. 

Rachel bends her legs up in a froggie straddle rubbing her pussy lips on Sandy's pubic bump. Sandy hugs her as they kiss, sliding boobies together. Climbing between Sandy's legs Dave bumped Rachel in the butt to clear a path for his cock in Sandy.

Oooching forward on he fits his knees under Sandy's legs tilting her pelvis for a clear shot to plunge deep. He takes it slow, playing with the tight grip she take on his cock head as it slips past her lips just inside her vaginal sheath. In ever so slowly, feeling the resistance then the welcoming slickness on his peter. Then back out feeling the fat barb of his corona squeeze past the grip of her opening ring. Teasing back and forth at her elastic opening till the rapture of her rippling depths pulls him in all the way. 

Sandy moans as he hits bottom enthusiastically kegeling his meat. 

Tiny little Rachel is wrapped around Sandy, a sandwich pressed between them. Her tits are in Sandy's face, while one hard nipple gets suckled the other is pulled and pinched. Her slick little pussy is spread wide sliding on Sandy's belly. Every stroke of Dave's dick into Sandy bumps Rachel's ass rubbing her sensitive clit on slick skin. 

He sets up a slow steady rhythm straight into Sandy. It feels so good. He can feel the cum tingles build, stroking like this. But there is another hungry pussy for his dick to sample, oh so close. A few more deep strokes in Sandy before he pulls out. 

Sandy moans out "nooo" from around Rachel's nipple. 

Aiming up he slides his cock-tip into Rachel's pussy. Hands on her hips, he pulls her back to seat the stroke. Rachel slides wet and slippery down Sandy to slap her ass against his groin, his balls press her clit like a soft wide tongue lick. Rachel keens with a soft, "hheee," as she takes his cock deep in one stroke. 
