 Camilla glanced at her figure in the full-length mirror that hung on her pale blue wall. She slowly ran her hands down the sides of her breasts, around her waist and over her hips. Her mind dwelled momentarily on her dimensions; her breasts were full, very round and sat up well on her young body; her waist was soft, her belly button an innie; finally, her curves were those that everyone wishes they had. Every inch of her was soft, rounded, and feminine. 

She wasn't a huge fan of her body, but that didn't change the reaction she got from all of the men she had met. Everywhere, she was hit on. At the local bar, the clubs in the city, jogging in the park and even at the grocery store. It wasn't something she could help, she just enjoyed it while it lasted.

Looking the way she did, she had lost her virginity earlier than planned. Camilla always thought that she would save herself for marriage, that her gorgeous body would be the ultimate gift to her future soul-mate. However, she didn't calculate all of the hot and heavy makeout sessions in high school and college. She was, quite frankly, surprised she had made it this far. It was the year she turned eighteen; she looked every bit as stunning as right this moment, only new less about the opposite sex and was much more trusting. 

Not her first experience, but definetely her best, would have to have been the time she was caught in a storm while on a day hike in a nearby forest. 

The day began with a sulty sunrise, rising the heat to almost 100 degrees. She left home wearing a sports bra, which barely covered her brimming beauties, a white, skin tight tank top and a pull-over, along with a pair of tan shorts that spilled the roundness of her butt beautifully when she bent over. God, she loved those shorts. In fact, most people did.

Well, she got about 10 minutes into the hike when she realised that the sun was not going to go away, so she removed her pullover, and slung it up into a tree, intending to claim it later, on her way back. It wasn't as if the area she was in was very popular; in fact, she doubted seeing anyone today at all. 

Camilla continued on, her long, shinning blond curls bouncing behind her, little ringlets sticking to her face from the sweat. She was thinking about the weekend before, when she had had sex on a pool table, with an old boyfriend. How good that green turf like table had felt on her ass as she was being thrust into, harder than ever, by a large penis. Not the biggest ever, but big enough to make her moan and scream his name. 

She was so gone into her memories, that she ran straight into a man ahead of her, without seeing him at all. She stumbled backwards, down the trail on butt, and sat, stunned at her un-alertness. With her long, muscular legs, sinuous thighs, she didn't often have clumsy moments. The man turned around in time to watch her fall, and rushed over to help her up.

She greatfully accepted his help, and, blushing slighty, apologized for her lack of grace. He smiled a broad, sexy, heart stopping smile and whispered, "It's not every day a woman like you bumps into me. Don't apologize, I am thanking heaven right now."

That had her smiling. She slowly put out her hand, and introduced herself. The man took her hand and told her his name was Jake.

"Nice to meet you, Jake." His hand was warm, and getting warmer by the minute. They were still locked hand in hand, eye to eye, when another guy sauntered over to them. 

"Hey, Jake! Whacha got there? Damn! She's hot!" 

The other guy had a smile from ear to ear, and a look in his eye that was thinking anything buy heavenly thoughts. After congradulations were finished, he introduced himself as Geoff, Jake's best friend. 

By this time, they had let go of hands, but they still had their eyes locked on one another. Geoff didn't notice, however, as he only had eyes for her large breasts, whose nipples were slowly coming to a point in her skin tight white shirt. 

A low rumble was heard off in the distance, and the air suddenly got very heavy. The clouds gathered as quickly as bees to honey and a crack of lightnight sent her mountains into full peak mode. She slowly took off her shirt, and threw it to the ground. Standing there in her short shorts and tiny sports bra, Geoff's smile just got bigger. As for Jake, well, he wasn't smiling anymore. He had a cavernous look about him, ready to devour. Taking his darkening look as a good sign, Camilla undid the catch on her bra and her breasts spilled out into view. Now Geoff's mouth was hanging agape, not believing what he was witnessing. This Goddess was really undressing, right here, in front of him.

By the time she had her shorts off, both men had taken off their clothing as well. Geoff couldn't stop gawking, but Jake knew what to do. He took in his arms, and kissed her until her grin vanished, revealing her dark, readyiness to give in. He shoved her back, until she hit into a tree. He then approached her, his hands kneading into her breasts. Her head instantly went back and moaned his name. His tongue began to play circles around each nipple, each one getting a turn. Her hands went above her head, holding the tree for support. He had each large hand on one side of her waist, holding her while her sucked on her nipples until she almost came right there. Geoff, finally getting a grip, moved to behind Jake. He knelt down, put his head between her legs and used his tongue like he's been taught. First he just snaked it in and out, in and out. Then he pinched her clit with his teeth, ever so slightly and was pleased to hear her gasp. Finally, he thrust his tongue in her slit, tasting her juices. He repeated all those actions, over and over again, until he felt her tighten up, bucking into his face, and release her first wave of cum over his mouth. 

Both men moved back and she, in turn, knelt down. Motioning them both forward, she grabbed Jake's huge penis in one hand, and began to stroke it, slowly, up and down, taking a slight break to squeeze his sack every couple of seconds. She had him pumping into her hand in no time, already threatening to come. Camilla used her other hand to guide Geoff's penis to her waiting, watering mouth. First she flicked her tongue over his head, then swirled it around. After, she ran it up and down the underside of his dick, sucking on his bag when she got there. A few minutes of this, and he was ready to face-fuck her. She relaxed her throat muscles, and let him slide slowly into her. He slammed his penis in and out of her mouth, but she didn't miss a beat jacking off Jake. When both guys were about to come, she, miraculously, put both penises in her mouth and sucked them for all they had. Two loud groans were all that was heard seconds later, as they unloaded into her mouth, her swallowing every bit of it.

Both men backed up slightly as she stood up, wiping her mouth and smiling her gorgeous smile. "Boys, I am not leaving here without being seriously fucked. Think you got a little more in me? Oops," she laughed, " I guess I meant in you. But then again..."


They looked at each other, nodded, and advanced on her. 

The sky was dark now, a light mist of rain spraying over their bodies. Soon, it was heavy enough that the ground was becoming muddy. She suddenly lunged at Jake, as she wanted him inside her tight pussy, and she wanted him now. 

She kissed him hard as they landed in the mud. Her soaking hair clinging to her body, down her back, she lifted her mouth up, and straddled Jake, arching back, lifting her breasts into the air. Jake grabbed one in each hand and squeezed them as Camilla moaned her pleasures. She reached down with one hand, and guided his penis to her. They fit perfectly together, and in one swift thrust, he was inside her. She screamed in ecstacy as he penetrated her, not even pumping yet, just revelling in the fact that a huge, long penis was fully embedded inside of her. It filled every inch of her, making her want to come right there. She shuddered some, and then was ready to go.

Geoff, wanting in on the action, came up behind her, his hands taking the place of Jake's on her breasts, kneading them, and pinching her nipples. Jake's hands were now at her hips, guiding them into a rhythme, a kind of swirling motion. 

By this time they were all soaking wet, full of mudd. Camilla took one of hands away from her clit to grab Geoff's penis, hard as a hot, and just as big as Jake's. She guided it to her ass and nugded it forward. Not needing anymore hints, Geoff slowly impaled her ass with his huge dick. A mounting gasp was uttering from Camilla's lips as she experienced the first uncomfortable moments, then the most gutch-wrenching pleasure of her life. She had one penis in her pussy, thrusting in and out, harder and harder, every inch burried in her, and she had another huge penis in her ass, pushing forward, thrusting, matching every stroke from the front. They got a rhythme going, Jake would thrust in, as Geoff pulled out a little, then Geoff would thrust back in, harder than before as Jake wound up for the next push. 

Camilla couldn't stand it. She screamed out loud, " Yeah, fuck me!!! FUCK ME GOOD!!! That's right, harder, Jake, faster, Geoff. Oh my god!!!!!!!!!!!!! I think I am going to fucking come, ooooohhhhh myyyyyy goooooodd!!!!!!!!"

The thrusts came faster and faster, they were one unit, rolling around in the mudd, fucking furiously. Soon, Camilla arched more quickly and gasped while moaning the words 'oh my God'. The two men sent large grunts into the rain, as they filled her with their cum. Camilla couldn't believe how good it felt, to have both holes filled at the same time, she could feel each penis almost touching the other inside of her. She spasmed as an orgasm rocked her body into motionless waves of muscles tightening.

Both men could feel her tighten against them as they blew their loads. All at once they all collapsed into a large mudd puddle. 

The sun was back now, the storm having passed. The three of them simply lay there, Camilla still entertaining two penises inside of her. They breathed heavily and Camilla thought to herself, Man, I should go hiking more often.