 My girlfriend Katie has always enjoyed being the center of attention, so it came as no surprise that one of her most common erotic fantasies was performing in front of other guys while they got off. Having been out of college for a few years and together years longer than that, we were reaching the point where we were comfortable enough to start adding in some new tricks to our love life. Since I found her incredibly attractive, I knew that a show by her would be hard for any audience to forget. The hardest part would be finding the right audience, since not every man would be comfortable enough to participate with a group of other guys standing next to him. On the other hand, this particular show would have a minimum of audience involvement, removing a lot of the complications associated with adding extra partners. Luckily for us, we lived in an area with plenty of colleges and lots of opportunities to keep graduates nearby, so I thought my odds were good of finding a few fellows already familiar with each other after a few years of school escapades. It wouldn't hurt if I took along some especially tempting pictures of Katie, curves accentuated and less clothing than normally deemed decent.

Since I wanted to show Katie that I was comfortable with this, I volunteered to do the hard work of finding her the audience, as long as she made sure to come to the show ready. We went over the basic plan, and while I tried to sort out my best chances for finding the guys, she worked on her script. After two weeks of very intimate planning, we had our idea together, and I went out to find our men. Two nights and five bars later, I came upon a likely group of five guys, around my age or a year or two younger. I sat down with them and provided a round of drinks, then got to talking, trying to size them up. When I was pretty sure I had found what I was looking for I pulled out the pictures and gave them a rough idea of what we had in mind. The guys remarked that they'd never tried anything like that, and thought I'd almost lost them when one of them picked up a picture, looked at the others and said, "while we're still young, right guys?"

With that the rest of the group assented, ordered another round, and this time covered my beer. I stepped out for a minute to call Katie, so she could get in motion. Since I was bringing the crowd, she set up a hotel room for us and agreed to meet us there in her costume. When we arrived, Katie responded to my knock with a call from the bathroom, telling us she was putting on the finishing touches. We walked in and I met Katie in the bathroom. We reassured each other with a long kiss then broke into excited giggling like high schoolers. This was going to be fun.

I walked back out of the bathroom and got the guys situated on the small sofa and chairs in the room, facing the bed. I placed myself on the edge of the bed and called out, "Introducing, the lovely Katie, star of tonight's performance!"

Katie entered the room wearing a loose blouse with a neckline that just hinted at her cleavage underneath and a skirt that fell to right above her knees. The outfit could almost have been described as modest except that it was a bright, sensual red, and the fabric was light and soft, draping itself over her curves in a way that called attention to everything that was there. Her breasts, hidden from sight were certainly not hidden from mind as the blouse curved out over them. The skirt outlined her ass perfectly, a soft crease leaving nothing to the imagination. She had her hair up in a clip, keeping it off her shoulders, in what I thought was a playful style. The guys took the details in hungrily, but with all her curves it took them a few moments to notice the real kicker: black lace stockings leading down to killer stilettos. Even then I knew something they didn't; those stockings were clipped onto something, and a loose blouse could hide a lot.

Katie returned everyone's stares, winked, and said, "Well hello, boys!"

She was loving the attention and her confidence bolstering her showmanship. She put one foot up on the edge of the bed, causing more leg to peek out from under her skirt, then propped her elbow on her knee and leaned over, eying the guys while giving them more than an eyeful down her shirt. Keeping their attention with little effort, she went over the rules of the night.

First, the guys were going to have to strip. Nothing fancy or showy, but if she was going to take it off for them, they needed to reciprocate. Second, every performer loves audience feedback, but applause was not going to do it tonight. In appreciation of her efforts, Katie expected each of the guys to jack off. Everyone enjoys a standing ovation, and she would be watching. In order to make things a little more interesting, Katie also had a little contest in mind. Since she was going to give her all to impress these men, she wanted them to put in a real effort while reciprocating, but whoever could last the longest before cumming would get a prize. Katie licked her lips and told the guys that she would personally finish the winner off in her mouth, but that the runners-up would also have to let her know when they were about to blow so she could have a little fun of her own.

"With that out of the way, I think we're all ready to start the show! Let's take it all off, guys," she says as she stands back up with a flourish. As the guys stripped down, she walked past them doing an "inspection" while making sure to give them a good close up. More than one head turned to watch her ass swaying seductively as she moved on to the next man.

"Remember, unless I tell you, you keep your hands to yourself. It looks like you all have plenty to use them on as it is."

With all the guys naked, she moved over to the bed, bent over her with ass pointed directly at the men and kissed me passionately on the mouth, then spun around, twirling up skirt and showing some skin. Then she gestured to me as said, "You've all met my assistant, Brandon. He will now help me start things off." Coming from her luscious lips, the word "off" carried many more implications than usual. She raised her arms above her head, doing very interesting things to the curves of her body, and I took my cue to grab the hem of her shirt and slowly slide it up over her head. The crowd responded with "ooo's" and "aww's" as they saw the corset she wore underneath, and, all now fully hard, started to play with themselves in earnest.

Running her hands over the top of her breasts as if to keep them from spilling out of her top, she thrust her bosom forward and let it lead her as she walked slowly from one end of the bed to the other. Placing her feet one in front of the other to exaggerate the hypnotic motion of her hips, she kept her hands running up and down the curves of her corset to keep the attention moving from her breasts down to her hips, ass, and legs. Having made sure everyone got a good look, she returned to me, then asked the crowd if they wanted more, prompting a chorus of hoots. She turned to face me and stood straight as an arrow as I slid her skirt down over her ass, then legs, and onto the floor. The guys got a nice view of her ass and legs, lifted by the stilettos into picture-perfect feminine curves. A red thong disappeared between her gorgeous cheeks, contrasting against the black lace of her thigh-high stockings, clipped to the bottom of her corset.

She let her long hair down as she climbed up onto the bed on her hands and knees and wiggled her ass high in the air facing the men. She spread her knees out to give a view of the thong covering her pussy, and the response from the crowd got a little more frantic. From up close I could see that her underwear was already getting damp as Katie got turned on by her audience's attention. She reached one hand up between her legs, outlining the shape of the thong with soft movements, then slid her fingers up under the thong. She shuddered as her fingertips brushed over her clit, and everyone else in the room shuddered with her. As she started to get into the masturbation, gentle moans escaped from her lips, which turned into a sexually-charged plea for me to spank her. Some of the guys nodded as I moved into position, and their reactions were palpable as the slap of her ass was matched by a sharp moan of pleasure. 

After a few good spanks on each cheek, Katie pulled her fingers out of her thong and rolled over onto her back. She quickly put her fingers between her lips and sucked them, then reached down and slipped off her thong revealing a warm, wet, and shaved pussy. With the thong hanging from one finger, she winked at the guys, "How about I award this as a consolation prize to the first guy who cums for me."

As she teased the crowd, I slid a pillow behind her so she could keep an eye on the guys and still lean back, then she spread her legs wide, showing off her wet pussy to the men. Dropping the thong to the bed, she used one hand to spread the lips of her vagina, and started rubbing her clit with the other. Moaning and getting into the action, I still saw her sneak a peek at the guys occasionally. This was her show, and she wanted to make sure that everyone involved was satisfied. She came loudly once then slid her finger into her pussy, mirroring the penetration that the men were practicing with their own hands. At this sight, one of the guys moaned out that he was getting close, so Katie slowed down and sat up, sliding her legs down over the edge of the bed to keep them spread wide.

She playfully batted her eyes at the man and cooed, "Am I turning you on? I want you to come here and cum on my tits."

I moved behind her and reached around her shoulders, then popped her large breasts up out of the corset. Her nipples stood firm with excitement, and she reached back down to her slit to massage her clit. The man soon to be fifth place stepped forward, jerking his cock off towards her chest as he kept his eyes roamed eagerly from my girlfriend's wet cunt up to her passionate face and back down. Her now naked tits were heaving gently, her nipples seemingly pointed directly at the nearby dick.

"Pull my hair, Brandon, we wouldn't want me to get too messy this early." And I obliged, gathering it up behind her and yanking firmly like she enjoyed it. Her head rocked back with the motion and she moaned loudly, her neck and breasts being bared forward in the same motion. She followed up my yanking with a heavy strokes on her clit, and as her eyes closed with pleasure, the man's cum streamed out over her breasts. The warm sperm hitting her tits pushed my girlfriend over the edge into a screaming orgasm, and Katie fingered furiously at her clit until her scream trailed off into a soft moan. She opened her eyes and looked up at the man, then beckoned him forward. She leaned up to kiss him lightly on the mouth, picked up the thong, and handed it to him.

"Better luck next time," she teased him, "make sure to think of me when you practice, I know I appreciate your contribution to the show."

Having caught her breath and recovered from her orgasm, she leaned back into me and tilted her head back next to mine. I could see the cum glisten on her breasts, and she winked at me when she saw me smiling at her performance.

"Brandon, I think it is time we step things up for our remaining contestants. Would you mind unlacing this corset?"

As I started working on her top, she reached over and pulled a long vibrator out from its hiding place under the pillows. With the back of the corset undone, Katie pulled it off herself and tossed it aside, leaving every sexual, feminine curve uncovered for all the world to see. Or at least the men in the room with her, and she was, of course, still in stockings and heels. With the vibrator still off, she started lubing it in her own juices, while playfully looking down and exclaiming, "uh oh, I think I might need to clean this up. Brandon, could you give me a hand?"

Obliging, I gave her two, cupping her breasts and pushing them up towards her face. Her long tongue licked her lips, and with a wink to the crowd she touched her tongue to the tip of her nose, then went to work cleaning the cum off her own tits. As her tongue flicked across the soft flesh, she turned on the vibrator and started working on her clit again. Once her eyes were half-closed with pleasure, she started working the vibrator down her slit and into her pussy, penetrating herself slowly, building the tension for both her and her audience. Her moans came in time with her penetrations, and as I squeezed her tits, she stopped licking and aimed the vibrator right at her g-spot. Somehow in between the plunging vibrator and the heavy moans Katie locked eyes with one of the guys.

With mock annoyance, Katie stared at him and said, "I don't think you're pulling your weight around her. I think you're in for a penalty to even things up."

She flicked off the vibrator and pouted, "in my hurry to get my little friend inside of me, I seem to have missed some of the cum on my tits. I think you've volunteered yourself to finish licking it up."

The lick in the guys' eyes showed that they weren't sure this was a punishment, but it certainly would even things up. Even if this guy had been playing it soft until now, I didn't think he'd last much longer, and I was pretty sure we had our fourth place. As he stepped forward, she patted the bed next to her; he sat down and leaned over to suck her breasts. The moment his lips touched her skin she turned the vibrator back on, deep against her g-spot, and wave washed over both her and him. Having been temporarily displaced from my duties I scooted around so I could watch Katie's tits pleasured by this man. He rapidly pumped his cock with one hand while other held Katie's tits to his mouth so he could lick them clean. Katie's breathing got fast as she worked her g-spot and pressed her breasts forward into those waiting lips. Fourth place's enjoyment of sucking my girlfriend's tits went straight from his mouth to his cock, and soon it was ready to shoot a load of its own.

As the man's moans escaped out around her tits, Katie responded heated, "if you can get your cum on my tits, I'll let you clean that off, too, before you're done."

The man hurried up onto his knees, putting his cock right against one of her breasts and sprayed cum across her chest at point-blank. He managed three good squirts before running dry, then immediately went to work cleaning up after himself. As the guy went after her breasts sucking and licked enthusiastically, Katie dropped the vibrator on the bed and grabbed the man's hair to pull him into her tits. A hickie or two later, he finished up, leaving me almost ready to pull out my own cock, even though I knew that wasn't part of the plan. Seeming almost embarrassed, whether at his ferocious behavior or at cleaning up so much cum, he leaned back and received another of Katie's gentle kisses on the mouth.

"Thank you, I'll have to consider that for a regular addition to the show," Katie gasped out, "but unfortunately, you're still out of the running."

He removed himself with a good-hearted sense of sportsmanship and ended up getting a few high fives from the others. Seeing my girlfriend worked over like that had worked me up enough that I considered adding accolades of my own, but this was Katie's show, and it was her time to get all the attention. A black stocking landed in the middle of the group and brought their attention right back to the star, who had kicked off her heels and was, now that she had everyone's attention again, slowly peeling off the remaining stocking in manner that made legs as fuckable and sexy as any part of her body. Tossing this last piece of clothing away, she picked her vibrator back up and dove right in, harder than before. The toy was almost dripping wet as she plunged it in and out of her slit harder and harder, and her cries took on an animalistic quality.

This sudden outburst proved to be too much for one of the remaining contestants, and he jumped toward her, dick in hand, "oh, God, I need to cum!"

Katie pushed the vibrator in deep, and yelled "on me!" holding the toy buried to the end in her pussy as the guy came hard up her belly to her tits. The cum splashed over her skin and Katie's cry broke into a loud squeal as she came.

Some of the cum had made up it as far as Katie's face. She reached up and slid it over into her mouth, licked her finger clean with a pop, and then continue to scoop and swallow the rest of the cum as she came down from her latest and greatest orgasm.

"Well, that was unexpected but not unappreciated. You made it into the top three, but for all that, you're still done."

Katie delivered her customary kiss, but third place had earn this guy a deeper kiss as his reward. His disappointment showed, but he'd still had an experience he wasn't likely to soon forget. For this last showdown, Katie let everyone, including herself, catch their breath. Adding some light banter in to loosen things up and even the field. Having come as much as she had, I don't think Katie realized that for the rest of us, the energy in the room was barely subsiding. This was especially true for me, knowing what, though not necessarily who, came next.

"Since you two are my finalists, I'm going to take things up one more step."

Katie turned to me, and stripped my pants and underwear off in one smooth motion, then squatted over my cock facing the finalists.

"Ready?" she intoned with sensual expectation, "go!"

That last vowel drew out long into a moan as she slid herself down on my penis, bouncing and doing all the work herself. The two finalists could barely restrain themselves from going all out at the sight, which was the idea after all. While I got a magnificent view of her ass bouncing off me, I knew exactly what kind of show her tits were putting on with this hard of a fucking, and I was going to have just as hard a time controlling myself as the guys in front of her. Hell, if I'd been playing as long as they'd been, I would have finished on the first stroke. As her bouncing and moaning settled into a strong rhythm, I took it upon myself to add a few well-timed spanks to the soundtrack. At one point I was so deep into the pleasure that I thought I'd cum in Katie without even noticing, until I realized that this whole thing as just managed to make her that wet by now. Shortly after regaining my senses, barely, one of the men, second place, stepped forward and Katie reached out with hand to help him shower cum over her breasts with impressive accuracy, given how hard she was fucking me. As this sent Katie over the edge, her rhythm breaking into one long moan and her pussy squeezing tight on my cock, I joined in, pumping cum up inside her.

"Worth it," I thought to myself as I realized that I had forgotten to breathe for the last few moments. Katie stayed right in place as second place leaned in for his kiss, but she leaned past his mouth and gave him a dark hickie on the neck instead. She added a squeeze of his ass then looked over at the remaining man.

"And now, to the spoils go the victor," she growled, nowhere near out of sex drive yet. First place assumed his position in front of Katie, and she slid down onto her knees, still straddling me, as she leaned forward to take him into her mouth. She didn't stop sliding either, but ground herself over my cock, which managed to perk itself right back up. Katie could always get me ready for seconds, but seeing her start to pleasure another cock brought me right back to attention in an instant. One last slide drew me back inside her, just as hard as before, and as she started alternating between her hands on her lips on the winner's cock, I started thrusting myself up into her.

Working with her to build a rhythm of pounding and sucking, I could feel another load of cum building inside me as I watched the back of her head bobbing for another man. As her moans built, even muffled by cock, she leaned forward and stopped rocking, giving me clearance to start thrusting harder inside her. The noises this drew from Katie started to bring first place close to climax, as one long lick from his balls up to his tip ended with him reaching behind her head to grab her hair, letting her know he was ready. As he grunted, she moaned louder, so I knew he was emptying himself into her mouth. She slid her lips down his length as he came, taking him deep in her throat as he finished, then she drew her lips back, tight around his cock, milking it back out to the end until the cock popped free of her mouth and she exclaimed, "ooo, fuck!"
