 I was to meet him near the falls at the end of the river at midnight. A beautiful spot, especially on that warm moonlit night. Making my way along the rocky, moss covered riverbank, I caught a comforting glimpse of him swimming naked in the river and diving below the surface. His face lit up when he noticed me and gestured for me to join him. Excitedly, I shed my clothes and dove into the luke warm river. Dex swam over to me, the water droplets glistened on his skin in the lucid rays of the moon. His dark blond mane slicked back to the middle of his spine. He welcomed me in an bear hug embrace and an x-rated kiss. His mouth was warm, his lips were soft, and all I could think about was feeling that mouth all over the rest of me. Our bodies were entwined beneath the water, his cock growing solid against my leg.

Dex was the epitome of the alpha male; a visual confection of all that it is salacious; a ribald man flavored with chivalry. Most women, at least the women I know, would cream their panties at the tiniest of glances cast their way by this abundantly skilled, sensuously experienced, licentious gypsy. Don't get me wrong, it begins and ends in the bedroom; Dex is not the marrying kind, but rather, a philanderer; and so he should be; for the benefit of all womankind.

We swam closer to where the water pools at the bottom of the falls; we could touch bottom there making it easy to climb out. Escalating layers of rock stretched to the top of the falls like giant, uneven stairs; a beautiful, natural landscape. As I was admiring the gorgeous scenery, I noticed Dex waving at someone. I glanced up in the direction he was looking and saw the silhouette of a man. A slight panic surged through my veins. What was happening here? Was he suggesting a threesome? That's a wee bit bold, I thought to myself. Dex's friend stepped out of the shadows, in all his naked glory; a carbon copy of Dex. If I were a gambling woman, I might have bet that they were related. He smiled down at me and instantly, I felt that all too familiar, pulsating throb between my legs as the visual stimulation kicked in. My panicked state hastily turned to libidinous anticipation. He introduced this glorious stranger as his friend, Van. 

Still lounging in the shallows, Dex bussed my lips once again; harder this time, pruriently raising the stakes. His mouth possessed mine, my neck, my breasts. His hands cupped my face, massaged my breasts, explored their way to my sensitized pussy. His hands were large; long fingered, with a wide knuckle bed. I had to widen my legs to accommodate his welcomed, invading hand. I heard myself gasp as his thumb found my clit. My eyes closed, my head fell back to the water as I basked in the introduction of pleasure. When I opened my eyes, they fell directly upon his friend watching from the rock ledge, stroking his hard cock. Dex lifted me up out of the water and sat me at Van's feet. He spread my legs wide along the rocky edge and mouth-dived into my pussy. God, that man had talent in the pussy eating department. His fingers expertly found all the right places as his mouth hungrily consumed my pulsing cunt. 

I turned to see where Van was, and he was right there, cock in hand and guiding it toward my mouth. I was implausibly ruttish. Insouciantly I opened my mouth, and let him in. I started slowly; his cock was average in length, but thick in girth and unlubricated. I licked his length a few times in preparation for the blow job of his life; after all, I had some skills of my own.

Dex jumped out of the water onto the rock ledge to join us and stood beside me, across from his friend. I got onto my knees and simultaneously sucked both of their cocks; massaging a set of balls in each hand. They each reached for my breasts, casually groping them paying equal attention to my hardened nipples.

Directly behind us was another rock ledge with a large, soft blanket strewn over it's rough layers. Dex sat himself down and laid back, gesturing for me to follow. He gently pushed my head down to continue sucking him off while Van dropped to his knees, taking the opportunity to have a taste of my pussy. I was enthralled; unable to ponder any thought other than the intense pleasure that I was receiving, and let's face it, the pleasure that I was giving. They were both breathing heavy, emitting sounds of pleasure and moaning aloud; music to my ears.

Van's mouth explored the valley between my legs, suckling it's delicate excrescence. I felt his fingers exploring the flexure of my ass; soaking it with my own sticky arousement. Without warning, his finger was inside my rear and another in my pussy; and damn if I wasn't being escorted through the threshold of the deviant pleasure realm. I suddenly realized what these boys had in store for me: double penetration. I was lecherously aroused, and a little leery at the same time.

I was being savagely kissed by my lover's friend. His hot, wet mouth consumed mine. His tongue plunged in, invading, tempting my own to duel. His hands were all over me, and so were Dex's. Groping, rubbing, petting, I was slowly drowning in the euphoric pleasure.

The backs of Dex's knees hugged the edge of the rock tier where we were standing. Dex sat up and spun me around so that my back was to him. He guided me down onto his rock hard cock. Van's eyes were on me while Dex impaled me; his hands firmly fondled my bouncing tits.

I felt Dex's grip on my waist lifting me up off of him. Vans' hands came around me to spread my ass cheeks apart while Dex spread the moisture between my legs up to my asshole, then guided the head of his dick into my back door. Van lowered his head to kiss me, while Dex's cock was being eased into my virgin ass. The visual stimulation was imperceptibly more lustful, than the physical. My body was like a temple, being worshiped, every one of my needs being tended to. I had never experienced wanton lust on that level before that night. 

Moments later, Dex's cock was fully inserted in my ass, filling the tight corridor. Both of them could sense my discomfort, and patiently waited for my body to adjust. Slowly, Dex pulled me down across him; my back pressed against his hard, muscled chest. I could feel his gentle breath on my neck. Van was standing in front of us on the ledge below; a perfect height for what was about to happen.

I was relaxed and feeling the pleasure of the anal fucking I was being given, Van grabbed my legs and spread them wide. He smiled when he felt how wet I was. He wasted no time shoving his thick, hard cock into me and I cried out feeling sensations unfamiliar to me. I felt full, protected. I felt a hunger, like I'd never known; a bottomless pit of need; an unquenchable thirst; an animal in heat, giving it up to every male in site. 

Van was pummeling me like an engine's piston. Each thrust was harder and faster than the last. I couldn't control my breathing, it was rapid and heavy. I was gasping and whining loudly; the pleasure was intense. I felt my body writhe beneath the four large hands caressing my body, my breasts, my nipples, my legs; the two hot mouths on my neck, my breasts; two hard cocks inside of me, filling me. This was lewd and obscene and made me more horny than I'd ever been before. I knew I was ready to come; and so did my lovers.

Dex slowed his thrusting movements down and reached his hands around me to spread my pussy open. Van kept a strong steady pace, placed his fingers on my clit and immediately found the hot spot, rubbing it expertly. I cried out with a violent scream of pleasure. My body releasing the pent up tension, my muscles tensing and relaxing through the climax. I wanted to relish the moment, prolong the glorious sensations, and the wave continued. A multiple? I couldn't believe it; I was still whimpering with pleasure, still feeling the surge of release running through my body minutes later. I could see the slight little smile on Van's face; he knew I was still coming: by his hand. 

I was exhausted and ultimately pleasured. In knowing that, both of my lovers picked up their pace to take their own pleasure. Dex came first. I figured he was ready to, and just holding out for me, after all his dick was in my ass. He drove his pelvis into my ass while holding me down by my hair with one hand, and pushing down on my stomach with the other. His verbal release was erotically delicious to my ears.

His hands came around to my inner thighs spreading them wide so Van could take his own pleasure. I could tell Van was enjoying the view as I laid there, spread out before him. He started pumping me harder; his moans and breaths were through clenched teeth. He was grabbing at my breasts, rubbing my clit. He put his hand around my throat; claiming me. He was quickly losing control and going to blow. I could feel my muscles distending from the pressure of Dex's hands spreading my thighs. I couldn't believe it, but I was going to come again...

Van was going to come too; he drove his thick, hard cock so far inside me, that he smashed against my cervix. His thrusts were so powerful; I arched up off of Dex, offering my body to him. I was his for the taking. I had never heard a man come in such an annoying rhythmic beat; like the sound of a digital alarm clock ...

Wait a minute; no! NO