 Lauren was so tired by the time she got off the plane; she wondered how she would ever make it through the rest of the night. At home, it would be 1am, but now that she was in Las Vegas, it was only 10pm and she still had half the night ahead of her.

She quickly grabbed her purse from the overhead compartment and got off the plane. She stepped into the bathroom in the terminal so that she could freshen up before meeting her boyfriend Nathan down at the baggage carousel. They had agreed to meet up there during one of the daily phone conversations before Lauren left Toronto to visit him in Vegas for the second time since they started their on-line relationship.

Lauren and Nathan's relationship had began harmlessly one night last spring during an online chat that led to her watching him masturbate via his web cam. She didn't expect things to progress the way they had so far, but now found herself in love with him and eager to plan their future. For the moment though, they were trying to get to know each other more intimately, and this weekend would hopefully be just like the last one.

Nathan had previously invited her down to Las Vegas for Valentines Day weekend, and they spent most of it in bed. They had learned to enjoy the pleasures of phone sex during their relationship, but each learned there was nothing better than the real thing. Lauren had discovered a long time ago that she longed to be used like a whore and double penetrated, and had even experimented through various toys, but she had yet to feel the pleasures of two men inside of her at once. She also loved to be dominated by her lovers and treated like a slut. Nathan loved this about her.

When they first met online, Nathan was actually living with someone else, but he knew that there was something about Lauren that intrigued him. Over time, he moved out from his apartment he was sharing with his ex-girlfriend and got back in touch with Lauren. As thing progressed, they each discovered that they brought out the most sexual side of each other. Each had found just what they were looking for. Nathan had found his slut, and Lauren had found her dominating man.

Lauren had been instructed by Nathan before she even got on the plane to make sure she arrived without panties. So when she stepped into the bathroom to freshen up, she removed her panties and shoved them into her purse. She pulled her skirt back down to just above her knees and touched up her lipstick. She was extremely excited to be seeing Nathan again and looked forward to several days of constant fucking.

At this point, Lauren got her second wind and was no longer tired. She rushed through the corridors of the airport, eager to run into his arms again and feel his hard cock pressed against her crotch. As she approached the escalator, she nervously grabbed the hand rail and the moment she looked down, she saw him standing there awaiting her arrival.

At the bottom of the escalator, he approached her quickly and wrapped his arms around her waist as he pulled her in close and kissed her deeply. He reached down and grabbed her ass, pushing her pussy into his crotch.

"How's my slut doing?" he asked as he kissed her ear gently. She didn't reply, instead she took her panties from her purse and carefully slipped them into his hand. "Well, it looks like my whore takes direction very well," he said as he kissed her lips and slipped the panties into the pocket of his jeans.

They slowly walked hand and hand towards the baggage area and he held onto her closely as they awaited her luggage to come down onto the carousel. Nathan quizzed her about the flight and the weather at home while he grabbed and massaged her ass through her skirt. They were never shy about public displays of affection and today was no exception. As Lauren reached down to pick her bag off the carousel, Nathan surprised her by slapping her ass hard. She was surprised and when she turned around, he quickly thrust his tongue down her throat and kissed her passionately. They ignored the shocked responses of those around them in the airport and grabbed her bags and headed out towards his truck.

Nathan tossed her luggage in the back seat of his pickup truck and helped Lauren into the passenger seat. As he did so, he slyly snuck his finger up inside her legs and slid it along her wet cunt lips. She let out a small gasp as his finger was very cold. 

Nathan then closed the door and ran around to the drivers' side. The moment he sat in the truck, he didn't buckle up, instead he pulled Lauren to him and kissed her passionately, grabbing her hand and pushing it against his rock hard cock, held tightly within his jeans.

Lauren rubbed his cock slowly, as he ran his hand behind her head and pulled her closer to him. Then he reached down and unzipped his jeans, pushing her head down to his cock. She opened her mouth wide and sucked his cock down into her mouth, as he pushed her head down onto it further. She started to gag slightly, but he didn't let up and kept pushing her head down onto his cock. She sucked and licked as hard as she could, covering his hard cock in her saliva. 

She could feel his cock twitching and knew he was getting ready to spurt his cum deep down her throat. She slowly tried to pull her mouth off of his cock, and instead he pushed her head down onto his shaft harder, his cock forced down her throat. He spewed shot after shot of hot cum down her throat making her gag and spit a bit up. Nathan spanked her ass hard when she spit the cum up and made her lick it all back up.

As Lauren finally pulled her head back up from his cock and positioned herself in the seat of the pickup, Nathan looked at her with an evil grin on his face.

"What's with the smile? You look like you are up to something sneaky" she questioned. He didn't respond and instead just fastened his seat belt and pulled out of the parking lot at the airport. Nathan started more conversation about his day at work and asked Lauren about her thoughts about plans for while she was in town.

"Well babe, I figured we would spend most of it curled up in each others arms," she replied. He looked at her and smiled. He adored the romantic side of her, but preferred the trashy slutty side of her more. He had reserved them a room at "The Rio" for the evening, but then they would spend the rest of the trip at his home, just outside of Vegas.

After a couple of minutes, they pulled into the Valet area at the hotel and quickly went up to their room. Nathan had already checked in earlier that day and said he had made some special arrangements for their visit. Lauren was expecting to see candles or roses around the room, but instead the suite had a case of beer inside the fridge and some sexy lingerie spread out on the bed.

"Put that on" directed Nathan as he took her luggage and put it into the closet. Lauren was a tad bit confused, but did as she was told. Nathan could get nasty when she didn't do what he said, and he particularly loved to smack her ass very hard for being disrespectful. She didn't want to cause any trouble at this stage of the night so she started to slowly undress. Nathan walked to the window and quickly opened all the curtains.

"Sweetie, think you could close those for me?" asked Lauren as she pulled her skirt down off her waist. Nathan walked close to her, pushed her face down onto the bed and smacked her ass hard.

"You will do as I tell you to and don't question what I do," he said as he grabbed her hair and pulled her till she was standing straight again. "Now get those clothes on you slutty whore."

The more Nathan treated her like a whore, the more she loved it. Lauren dealt with the fact the curtains were open as it was 11pm at night, who would be looking in to their hotel room. She proceeded to get completely undressed and put on the outfit Nathan had laid out for her. It was very risqué to say the least. 

There was a pair of black pleather crotchless panties, some thigh high stockings and a garter belt, a black lace bra with open fronts for easy access to the nipples and a pair of black high heeled shoes. When Lauren caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror she looked like the quintessential slut.

While she was getting dressed, she hadn't had the time to pay attention to what Nathan was doing. He was still dressed in his jeans and t-shirt, but when she looked around, she saw him setting up a video camera beside the bed. He had even plugged into the TV so that they could watch what they were filming.

They had previously discussed doing a film together of their hot fuck sessions, but Lauren always assumed it would be something they both agreed to when the time was right. She wasn't going to complain about it though, otherwise she would get punished. Nathan told her to lie down on the bed, so that he could make sure the camera was positioned in just the right away to capture all the action.

Lauren was quickly getting excited at the prospect of filming her sexual romp with Nathan, but then her excitement turned to fear as she heard a knock on the door. Lauren went to run for cover in the bathroom, but was quickly stopped by Nathan.

"Get back on the bed and don't move" he said as he released her arm and pushed her back towards the bed. Nathan headed back to the door and she could hear him greet the men at the door. Lauren was nervous because she had no idea what was going on, but she knew Nathan would never do anything to hurt her. Whatever was about to happen was all about sex, not love she thought to herself.

Nathan guided 2 guys into the room to join us. She didn't recognize either of them, but then again, she hadn't yet met many of Nathan's friends thus far in their relationship. The guys sat down on the couch and looked just as nervous as Lauren was. They couldn't have been more than 25 or so. She was only 26, but Nathan was slightly older than her at 31. She liked them with a little more experience than me.

Nathan offered the men a beer and each grabbed one eagerly and quickly drank them down. He ignored Lauren on the bed, but the guys were clearly aware of her presence and watched her intently. She didn't do anything, as Nathan didn't direct her to do anything in particular. She sensed that they were still waiting for something else, and then there was a knock on the door again.

He jumped to answer the door and let in the last guest. She was a stunning blonde girl with huge tits. Lauren wasn't bad off with my 38c's, but she was just busting loose from her entire outfit. Nathan whispered in her ear and she put down her purse and proceeded over to the bed where she was. She didn't ask any questions and just let everything happen.

The woman, Savannah, proceeded to undress completely and climbed onto the bed. She pushed Lauren down onto the bed face first and started by spanking her ass, just as Nathan had told her to do, as it was something she loved. It was definitely a good start at turning her on and getting her less nervous. They could all hear Nathan turning on the camera. It has always been one of his fantasies to watch Lauren with another woman, so here he was having his fantasy acted out for him.

She had never had any sort of sexual encounter with a woman before, so when she turned her over on the bed and onto her back and started to kiss Lauren, she was very surprised. Savannah placed kisses all the way down her face and neck to her chest. She pinched and licked her nipples and reached her hand down to play with her clit. She rubbed it furiously as Lauren moaned in sheer ecstasy.

Lauren could hear Nathan and the other men, and it sounded as though they were sitting on the couch watching the girls and jerking off, but she couldn't be sure as she couldn't see them. They ignored the noises they were creating and went back to focusing on Savannah pleasing her. She finally leaned down to her cunt and was about to lick her clit when she spoke up.

"Get on top of me, I want to suck on your clit" Lauren said. At this point she could clearly make out Nathan saying "that's my girl" to the other men.

Savannah climbed on top of her face and pushed hers down into Lauren's cunt and began sucking and licking like a pro. She tentatively reached her tongue out to lick her clit and quickly became used to it, and enjoyed it. After several minutes, her entire face was deep inside Savannah's pussy; sucking, licking, biting, nibbling and fingering every inch of her luscious cunt.

Lauren was on the verge of cumming when she heard the guys get off the couch and come to the bed to watch a little more closely. She heard Nathan advise them to stand away from the camera, so that he could get all the action on film. She kept her focus on Savannah's pussy and ate it as much as she could. Laurent tried something new and shoved a finger into Savannah's tight ass, and then she came all over her face, her juice just pouring down on her lips and neck.

She had not yet cum, but that wasn't going to last long. The next thing she knew, Lauren could feel a tongue on her clit and some fingers all over her cunt. She could tell that they were Nathan's fingers and she felt one dip into her ass, and she came all over his hand at the sensation of his probing fingers.

Savannah climbed off of her and Lauren was finally able get a grip on what was going on. The three men stood in front of her completely naked, each one with their cock in their hands. Savannah stepped off the bed and proceeded to gather her things. She sat on the couch and asked if she could stay for the rest of the show and Nathan agreed.

Lauren moved as though to get off the bed and Nathan pushed me back down onto my back. "You've been a very naughty girl Lauren, but I thank you for living through my fantasy" said Nathan as he gently kissed my lips. "Now it's time for your fantasy baby"

He introduced Lauren to the two men who had been in the room with them for some time now. Jason was a tall guy, with short dark hair and a medium build, his cock wasn't overly large, but it was very thick. She was sure he would be able to use it very well. The second guy was Ryan, he wasn't as tall as Jason, but was very well built with a nice smile and a good sized dick.

Jason and Ryan each leaned over her body and pushed open the fabric of her bra and proceeded to suck and lick on her already hard nipples. Nathan had instructed them that she liked to have her nipples bitten quiet hard, and they did as they were told, and she screamed out in pleasure. Nathan was down between her legs pulling off the panties he had made her wear. He leaned down and quickly shoved 2 fingers deep inside her snatch and licked her clit like crazy! He knew this drove Lauren wild, and he was doing a great job at getting her wetter than ever.

Jason climbed onto the bed and began to slap his cock across Lauren's face, before he thrust it inside her open mouth and began to fuck it. Ryan was still intent on playing with her breasts and began massaging them and pinching the nipples very hard. She was in sheer pleasure, and even more so when she felt Nathan's hard cock drive inside her dripping wet cunt. He grabbed her hips and just thrust his dick inside her as hard as he could. 

Jason and Ryan then traded places and Jason began to rub her clitty as Nathan fucked her hard and Ryan shoved his cock into Lauren's mouth and she began sucking it as hard as she could. She licked every inch of his shaft and tried to suck it as far into her mouth as possible, hitting the back of her throat. She gagged slightly as he pulled her head up from the bed and shoved his cock in as deep as he could.

Nathan slowed down his pace while fucking her cunt and began to finger her ass gently. He dipped his finger into Lauren's pussy to coat it in their juices and then he dipped the wet finger into her tight ass, rubbing around a bit, eager to get his cock back inside her ass, where it hasn't been for months.

Nathan began to force his cock into her ass, trying to be as gentle as possible. He rubbed her clit with his finger, as he tried to get her to relax slightly so he would have easier access to her ass. Nathan pulled out from her ass and motioned for the men to get off of the bed. Nathan sat down on the couch and told Lauren to join them. As she walked closer to them, Nathan grabbed her and forced her ass down on to his cock, getting it deep inside her tight hole.

Ryan walked up to join them as Nathan grabbed Lauren's ankles and spread her legs open wide for them all to see her sweet cunt. Ryan grabbed her thighs and spread them open as he thrust his cock deep inside her wet snatch, pushing it in deep and hard. Lauren screamed out in a mixture of pain and pleasure as she felt the joys of double penetration for the first time.

Before she could finish screaming, Jason had shoved his cock deep inside her open mouth and she was pleasing all three men at once. She was officially in heaven and enjoying her first and most likely last, orgy.

All three men continued to pound each of her holes as hard as they could, while Jason also reached down and removed her bra completely, leaving her in just thigh high stockings and her high heeled shoes. 

Lauren could tell all the men were on the verge of cumming, and Jason was the first to explode. He pulled his cock out of her mouth and started to jerk himself quickly all over her face. She attempted to lick it up what she could with her hand, but before she knew it, Ryan was spurting his cum all over her tits.

Nathan was the last to cum, but he kept his cock buried inside her ass and erupted inside of her, just as she came again. Before Lauren knew it, Ryan, Jason and Savannah had already left the hotel room. She proceeded to get into the shower quickly and when she came out, Nathan had covered the room in candles and rose petals.

Lauren was a tad bit surprised, but she knew Nathan had a romantic side to him, she just didn't expect to see if after a night of hardcore fucking with 3 strangers. Lauren wandered over the window, dressed in a little nightgown, and looked at the Vegas skyline behind them. When she turned around, Nathan was on one knee, with a gorgeous ring between his fingers. 

"Now that we have both lived out our fantasies, what do you say we start our fantasy life together and you marry me?" he asked gently. Lauren bent down to join him on the floor and kissed him passionately, agreeing to be his wife.