 The house was not at all what they had been expecting. Of course, neither Steve nor Emily, if asked, would have been able to explain why they thought a sex therapist's home would be somehow different than that of a teacher, plumber or accountant. But being a sex therapist is one of those professions that often cause people to assume because your career is outside of normal societal conventions everything else about you must be as well. So they were, subconsciously at least, taken aback by the sheer ordinariness of the suburban home to which they pulled up on that early Thursday evening. It just seemed far too normal a setting to host the journey upon which they were about to embark.

 They sat in their sedan, butterflies flitting in both of their stomachs, gazing at the one-story ranch home painted tan with white trim. It sat on a wide residential street lined with what looked to be moderately expensive houses with moderately expensive cars in the driveways. There were a few children riding bikes along tree-lined sidewalks and one tall, rangy teenage boy skateboarding away from them down the middle of the road.

 "Ready?" Emily asked Steve.

 "If you are," he replied hesitantly. "If you're not, we can still leave."

 "Is that what you want? Honestly, at this point, I could probably go either way."

 "No. No, I don't think so. I'm not sure what they can do for us, but everything else has failed, so we might as well give them a shot. I'm up for anything if it means I don't lose you."

 Steve turned to his wife of seven years and marveled that she was still as sexy and beautiful as on their wedding day, or for that matter, as on the day they'd met. He'd spotted her across the lobby of a movie theater where he'd just finished watching a Pirates of the Caribbean movie with a couple of buddies. He couldn't resist walking up to her, despite her being surrounded by a gaggle of girl friends, to ask if she wanted to catch the next showing of the movie he'd just left. She grinned, said "sure," and they'd been together ever since. She had cut her long black hair short and may have put on a few pounds over the years, but her smile still lit up a room, her wit was as sharp as ever, and she was still an absolute demon in the sack.

 He drew in deep breath while Emily nodded and smiled at him; then they stepped from the car. A minute later, they stood nervously as a tall, slightly plump woman with long wavy brown hair opened the front door and stepped back to admit them.

 "Hi, you must be Steve and Emily. I'm Fiona Crown," she said, a warm smile lighting up her face. It was hard not to like Fiona at first glance. She had large, sparkling blue eyes and full cheeks that radiated good will and happiness. She looked to be in her late thirties or early forties and was wearing sandals and a simple blue dress that showed off her wide hips and abundant breasts. Despite her plain outfit, though, Fiona Carson exuded a certain sensuality that both Ballantines picked up on as they stood before her, slightly abashed and unsure how to proceed.

 "And I'm Roger Crown," a man's voice boomed out from just behind his wife and the couple looked past her to see a tall, athletic-looking man with dark hair just beginning to show grey at the temples. He was clean shaven and tanned and, like his wife, sported blue eyes, although his were slightly paler. He held out his hand and Steve noted his firm grip, which he always appreciated in another man. For her part, Emily felt a slight tingle run through her at Roger's touch and she found herself growing aroused. She had a thing for older, distinguished looking men and Roger fit the bill nicely.

 "Well, please come in. We thought we would just sit and talk over some wine and snacks, at least to begin with," Fiona said, closing the door and giving her husband a significant look.

 "Right, just this way," said Roger, guiding his guests into the couple's more formal living room. Emily and Steve sat side-by-side on the couch, an off-white cloth-covered affair with three cushions, in front of a black metal and glass coffee table on which sat a carafe of white wine, four glasses, and a platter of cheese and crackers. Roger filled their wine glass, after asking if they preferred something else, and then he and Fiona sat in two matching arm chairs facing the sofa.

 For a second, no one spoke and both Steve and Emily took large sips of wine. Although he wasn't the least bit hungry, Steve piled some cheese slices and crackers on one of the small plates laid out by the platter just to be doing something with his hands.

 "Well, so I'm guessing you two are probably a little nervous, am I right?" asked Roger with a chuckle.

 Emily and Steve looked at each other, grinned and gave a sort of shrug and nod that told Roger he had guessed correctly. 

 "Well, that's natural," said Fiona, "but really, you don't need to be. We're here only to help you. There's no judgment and certainly no pressure. Your comfort and ultimately, your happiness, are our only concerns."

 Her tone was so warm and friendly that Steve and Emily found themselves relaxing. Neither had ever imagined they would need any form of couple's therapy, much less the sort that focused on their sex life. And despite Fiona's assurances, Emily felt herself grow oddly defensive of their relationship. It was suddenly very important to her that the Crowns see that their marriage was strong.

 "Thanks. I think we really needed to hear that," she said, striving to keep her tone calm and friendly. She placed her hand on Steve's thigh and giving it a gentle squeeze. "And I think before either of us says anything else, we really want you to know that Steve and I are deeply in love with each other. He is my soul mate and I know he feels the same way about me. We're not here because there's any question about that."

 Steve nodded vigorously, his mouth full of cheese. Fiona smiled at her. Roger looked somewhat surprised at Emily's speech.

 "But of course you're in love with each other, Emily. We understand that, that's why you're here. Our particular expertise does nothing for couples that aren't already fully committed to each other," he said. "But it's a good opening for us, so why don't you explain why you are here."

 Emily and Steve exchanged glances. Steve pursed his lips and tilted his head while Emily, as she often did when uncertain, bit her lower lip.

 "Well, it's our sex life, obviously" said Steve, having swallowed a mouthful of cheese and washed it down with the last of his first glass of wine. "Well, no, not our sex life so much as our individual sexual desires. How do I explain this? We both still love being together, physically I mean, but we have each begun having cravings for new experiences. Does that make sense?"

 He looked at his wife for confirmation that he'd adequately described the problem. She nodded her agreement but remained quiet, looking self-consciously into the space between Roger and Fiona.

 "It makes perfect sense," Fiona said. "You're hardly the first couple to come to us with this particular situation. Emily, you told me on the phone that your friend Katie, who I remember as a lovely woman, recommended us?"

 "Yes, that's right. She and her husband, Eric, are a few years older than us. I told her, well I discussed some things with her and she said she and Eric had worked with you a couple of years ago and found it to be very helpful, although she wouldn't give details about what you do."

 Roger nodded sagely and took a sip of wine. "Yes, that's right. Although we ask the couples we work with to spread the word to those whom they think we can help, we also ask that they not go into details about our therapy. We prefer new clients to make up their own minds about our process after speaking with us."

 "So what do you do?" asked Steve. It had been Emily's idea to come and he'd been hesitant because of the vagueness with which her friend had made the recommendation. Katie had assured Emily that the Crowns could help them, but gave no hint as to how this was to be accomplished, leaving Steve to imagine one odd scenario after another, each worse than the one before. Visions of hypnosis, leather masks and riding crops had lately been bothering his dreams.

 "Well, it depends on your particular issues and desires," Roger replied. "So why don't we discuss those."

 "Yes. You said you miss new experiences. Is that because you can't agree on what sort of new experiences you're interested in sharing, or are you referring not to new experiences so much as new lovers?" Fiona asked. The way she asked the question seemed to imply she already knew the answer.

 Emily and Steve shot a quick look at each other, but neither could hold the other's gaze. For several seconds, they sat silently; then Emily sighed deeply and set down her wine glass.

 "New lovers," she said, looking at her husband to see his reaction to her bluntness. "I guess we should just lay it all out there. I don't think there's an easy way to say it, but we started to miss sleeping with other people. Neither of us was anything close to a virgin when we married and we both have very active libidos. I mean, we had sex a lot before we were married, and we still do."

 "Yeah, we do and I love having sex with Emily. It's just that..." Steve's voice trailed off.

 "You miss that first kiss," Fiona finished his thought for him. "You miss the excitement of that first time with a new person, how they react to your touch, how their body feels. Emily, you miss experiencing how another man's – and pardon my French here, but I hate talking clinical about sex – how another man's cock feels inside you."

 "And to be equally vulgar," chimed in Roger, "you miss fresh pussy, Steve, am I right, the feel of your cock in a new lover, her taste and smell? These are all things it's perfectly natural to miss. Every lover brings something new to the act of sex, and those different experiences are part of the fun. You don't get that in a monogamous relationship, especially after a few years. You can try different positions or role play, but let's face it, it's not the same."

 Emily closed her eyes and nodded, relieved that these people, whom she just met, had so quickly gotten to the root of the problem. Of course, it wasn't, she knew, an unusual problem, most married couples eventually faced it. But too many couples, even many of her friends and family, accepted this loss of passion and new experiences as inevitable and irreversible. Neither she nor Steve were willing to accept that, and they had tried everything they could think of to prevent it, but to no real avail. When she opened her eyes, she saw Fiona looking at her keenly, and she knew what Fiona's next question would be. She just wasn't sure she wanted to answer it.

 "Emily, you also mentioned when we talked that your attempts to deal with the problem had been disappointing. Why don't you tell us what you've tried?"

 Emily stared down at the floor while Steve ran both hands through his short, sandy blond hair. They shared another quick look and Emily gave him a quick nod, as if to say, you do it because I can't.

 "Okay, well first we tried what you mentioned. Role playing, new positions, toys, all of which we enjoyed. To be honest, some of that stuff we'd already been into and we just kind of picked up our game a little, so to speak. But it wasn't doing it for us, and we got to a point where we needed to do more," he said.

 "How did you know when you reached that point?" Roger asked.

 "Because we both started considering having affairs. I've admitted to Emily that I'd been flirting a lot lately with a woman at my accounting firm, and it was clear that she'd have been willing to broaden the scope of our relationship. Luckily, I resisted and she found someone else, but it was close, I'll be honest."

 "How did that make you feel, Emily?" Fiona asked.

 "A lot less guilty about the fact that I wanted to fuck my spin instructor till I couldn't walk, and he knew it." Emily smiled at Steve. "I quit the class instead but, just like Steve, it was a close call."

 Roger and Fiona exchanged glances, some silent channel of communication clearly open between them; one that allowed the two to reach an unspoken agreement. Fiona turned back to the Ballantines and gave them a knowing look.

 "Been there, done that," she said. "And unfortunately, when I say done that, I mean I did that. About five years into our marriage, I gave in to those urges and slept with the brother of a good friend."

 "And I let my lust overwhelm me as well. I screwed a woman who worked at a firm my company was doing business with," Roger added. "Both incidents occurred almost simultaneously and they almost destroyed our marriage."

 "We were just like you, deeply in love but sexually frustrated by the constraints of monogamy. Unfortunately, we didn't get the help we needed beforehand. Let me tell you, if we can work this out, then you will have avoided a great deal of pain and heartache," Fiona said.

 Steve and Emily reached for each other's hands, their fingers intertwining as they sought to reassure each other that they would do everything they could to avoid that fate. 

 "I'm sorry, but can I ask a more procedural question?" said Steve. "You mentioned your company, but I thought you were a practicing therapist."

 Roger chuckled as he picked up his wine glass. He took a small sip and then smiled at Steve and Emily.

 "No, no. I actually own a small, but very successful, civil engineering firm. And Fiona is the part-owner and manager of an upscale day spa," he said. "You see, our marriage was saved with the help of another couple, two people to whom we are greatly indebted. They have since moved away and we felt like the best thing we could do to show our appreciation for them was to carry on their work. We're not licensed therapists, nor do we claim to be."

 "I'm so sorry if Katie told you otherwise," Fiona said. "Naturally, if you prefer not to move forward, we understand."

 Emily shot her husband a look. It was clear that she was not interested in leaving and Steve quickly reassured her and the Crowns that he was not concerned about their unofficial status.

 "No, no. I was just curious is all. I kind of like that you are regular people, just like us," he said.

 "Well, that we are," said Roger, laughing. "Now, let me ask, did you take any additional steps to resolve the problem?"

 "Yes. We talked a lot about it and did some research. After much soul searching, we decided to give an open marriage a shot," Steve confessed. "That did not work at all."

 "Why not?" asked Fiona.

 "Well, we agreed to go out on a Saturday night and each try to pick someone up and take them back to a hotel. We'd each gotten rooms at different locations. We agreed that if one of us couldn't find someone, the other wouldn't go through with it," Emily said, blushing furiously as she recalled that night. "I was at a bar with a traveling executive when I got Steve's text that he'd found someone, and I let him know I had as well."

 "And so, we did it, we slept with strangers," Steve said. "And it was awful."

 "How so," Roger asked, leaning forward in his chair, a look of intense interest on his face.

 "The entire time I was with this man I couldn't stop thinking of Steve and some pretty little thing that was younger and hotter than me. I was terrified that he would see what he was missing and leave me," Emily said, her voice choking a little. Steve leaned into her and wrapped an arm around her shoulder, giving her a kiss on the top of her head.

 "And I couldn't get the image of some other guy fucking Emily, giving her the orgasms I should be giving her, out of my mind. I could just picture him, some muscled jackass with a huge cock, gloating about how he was nailing some loser's wife."

 Emily sniffed and hugged her husband back. "You are not a loser and never will be."

 Roger smiled grimly and looked at his guests. "That's pretty typical, in my experience at least. The woman fears replacement and the man fears being usurped. It's one of the risks of the open marriage."

 "One of the reasons we don't usually recommend it," Fiona added.

 Steve nodded in understanding and then continued. "So then we tried what we figured was the last resort. Something we'd occasionally talked about but never done, which was to have someone join us."

 "We thought it would be, I don't know, less painful," Emily said.

 "Well, it certainly can be. Was it a friend, someone you knew?" asked Fiona.

 "No, some woman we found online," Emily said. "We actually tossed a coin to decide woman or man, and he won." She smiled and jerked her head at Steve.

 "So what happened?" asked Roger.

 "I had a hard time with it. I know many women experiment in college but I'd never so much as kissed another girl. I didn't really expect to this time, either. I figured we'd just split duties, you know, she'd blow him while I kissed him, then we'd switch and he'd fuck her and then finish in me. That was the deal, he could fuck her but not cum in her."

 "Did she try to get you to do more," Roger asked.

 "Yeah, she kept wanting to kiss and fondle me, which I allowed, but it kind of creeped me out. I mean, I just couldn't relax and enjoy myself."

 Roger cast a knowing look at Steve, who'd been staring at the floor, silently listening to Emily.

 "So Steve, what about you, how did you like it?"

 Steve looked up and took a deep breath. He looked guiltily at Emily and then the Crowns.

 "I had a blast, to be honest. I feel bad about that, but I did. I feel like I should have realized that Emily wasn't into it, but I got caught up in the moment and just lost myself in the pleasure of it all." He looked back down to the floor and fell silent again.

 "That was another problem for me," Emily added. "I was a little jealous, even though we'd chosen someone that I don't think is nearly as attractive as me. Although the jealousy wasn't nearly as bad as the night we slept with other people."

 "And did you try the reverse?" asked Fiona. "Did you look for a man?"

 "He offered to, I'll give him that," Emily said quickly, pointing her chin at Steve. "But we talked about it and decided to hold off. By then, I'd told Katie some stuff – not everything but some of what we were going through – and she recommended you two."

 Now Steve looked up and he and Emily stared across the coffee table at the Crowns, hopeful looks on their faces. Roger and Fiona smiled back at them and then looked over at each other.

 "Well, I hope we can help. So now I guess we tell you a little about what we do. But first, you need to understand our philosophy," Roger said. "We both believe strongly that you can't make someone gay, or turn someone who is gay straight, nor can you make someone bisexual. But we also firmly believe that more people are bisexual than are able to admit it."

 "Right," said Fiona. "It's just that for centuries, religions have vilified sexual pleasure, and especially any sexual pleasure that differs from their idea of what's normal. Think about your experience, Emily. You said you couldn't relax and that it creeped you out. Was it because of the actual sensations, the physical things the woman did, or was it because you just felt it somehow wasn't right?"

 Emily's brow furrowed and she remained silent for some time. "I guess if I'm honest, the physical sensations weren't unpleasant. I mean, a nice kiss is a nice kiss and she did do some wonderful things with her fingers and tongue. It was more just that, I don't know, it just seemed...I don't know."

 Fiona nodded vigorously while Roger stared thoughtfully at the pretty brunette. "Exactly our point," he said. "It wasn't the action that bothered you; it was all the social baggage that comes with it. What we try to do is discard that baggage."
