 When it all started, when it was fantasy, it seemed like a fun idea. I had been single for a while, I had some unresolved desires and I'm young. All this lead me to where I was now, standing at the door, waiting for strangers to answer my knocks. I had met them online and we had spent the last few months talking about our fantasies and such. I thought about this moment a million times, but never in my fantasies was I this nervous. The seconds ticked by like hours, and the thought of running off, getting in my car and forgetting this whole thing kept getting more and more enticing. I was on the verge of turning away when I heard the door lock click open.

The light from the living room spilled out as the door opened, a tall man standing before me. It was Steve, he looked like he did in his photos, but taller. He was a thicker older man, in his early 40's. He had a bit of a gut, but I didn't mind. He was fun to talk to and understood the fantasies I had. I smiled nervously at him and he extended his hand to shake mine. His hand was much larger than mine, strong and calloused. It was warm as it closed over my thin hand. He gave me the same light handshake everyone does. Something about my skinny frame makes people treat me a little too gently.

Steve invites me in. His house is warm, especially after being out in the cold winter air. Sitting on the couch is Steve's wife, Kara. She is a few years younger than Steve. She stands and embraces me. Her arms wrap around me, her warm body pressing against mine. She is very skinny like me, small breasts but nice hips. She lest go and we all sit down. They are on the couch across from me, sitting slightly apart from each other; staring at me with the same nervousness I felt pounding in my chest. We both sit in uncomfortable silence before Steve breaks the tension.

"You look nervous; I have something that may help." He says as he stands and walks into the kitchen. Kara reach down under the table and pulls out a small cigar box. She opens it up and pulls out a few items: a package of rolling papers, a small bag of marijuana and a lighter. When she opens the bag, the strong smell of quality marijuana fills the room. I smile at her and she smiles back. She pulls out a large bud and starts to break it down and roll it up. Steve walks back in with a plate in his hand. He sets it down on the table between us.

"Enjoy." He tells me, offering me one of the brownies on the plate. I can smell the weed in the brownies from where I was sitting. It was obviously the same stuff Kara was currently rolling into a joint. I took one of the brownies and started to eat it. It had that distinct flavor of weed brownies. It used to bug me, but I've grown quite accustom to the flavor of food products made with cannabis. I got a few bites down before I had a joint passed to me. I put down the brownie and put the joint to my lips. I inhaled the sweet smoke, that first rush of THC filling my brain. I was relaxed out of my apprehension in no time.

We spent the next ten minutes smoking and talking. Kara inhaled the last of the joint as I finished my brownie. I was feeling very relaxed and comfortable.

"Why don't you sit over here?" Steve asked, motioning to the spot between him and his wife. I got up and walked over to the couple and plopped down between them. I am pretty skinny, but they did not leave much room for me to squeeze in. I imagine being smashed together was intended. As I sat down, Steve's hand rested on my right thigh. It was strong and large, especially compared to my thin frame. Kara leaned over and started kissing my neck. Things were escalating very quickly.

Steve's hand moved up my thigh and my cock started to react. It was growing more erect with each passing moment. I closed my eyes as his hand got very close to my cock. I felt Kara's tongue massaging my neck as Steve reached his intended target. His hand traced the outline of my fully erect member. My hips started to shift in pleasure as his strong hand stroked me. Suddenly, I felt his mouth press against mine, the rough whiskers of his goatee scratching my face. I opened my mouth and let his tongue in. His mouth tasted like minty mouthwash. He moaned a bit as my tongue struck back, massaging his into submission.

His hand moved up and quickly undid my belt. His fingers moved swiftly to pull my pants off, then my boxers. My cock sprung free, and for a moment, I realized I was naked in front of strangers. I opened my eyes and saw both of them staring at my cock. They both dove in like hungry sharks attacking a prey. I felt both mouths slop over my cock. I feel two tongues dance all over my shaft and balls. Steve's whiskers tickled my balls as he works them with his mouth. Kara savored the flavor of my bulbous head.

I couldn't believe it; I had never had two people so enthusiastic to pleasure me orally. They moaned and grunted as they washed my groin with their mouths. Steve lifted my sac up and started licking my taint and down to my ass hole. I jumped as his strong tongue washed my tiny rim over and over again. Kara was balls deep swallowing my junk as her husband pleasured my little virgin hole. His strong hands lifted my leg up, giving him more access to lick me. I was losing myself in the pleasure; I barely noticed my orgasm come on. It was like dynamite exploding uncontrollably. My semen pumped into Kara's mouth. Steve licked more vigorously as my orgasm exploded. She took in pump after pump of hot, sticky liquid.

I blacked out for a second and when I came to; I saw the two of them kissing. I could see the cum dancing between their tongues as they made out in front of my defeated body. They moaned as their semen covered tongues fought back and forth, little drips of cum falling from their mouths. They finished, whipping up any cum on their mouths and swallowing my seed. They smiled at me and pounced on my body. Their hands started rubbing up and down my body, removing any clothes that got in the way. Pretty soon I was completely naked.

"You're so cute!" Kara giggled. Her fingers traced my skinny body. Steve was smiling at the both of us as he removed his clothes. His body was thick and tanned. He had a belly and a bit of body hair. I was relieved when I saw he had trimmed down all his pubic hair. I didn't mind the body hair, but I didn't want to have to try and find his junk in the middle of a forest. Kara leaned over me and put the cock in her mouth. Steve was fully erect; his cock was skinnier than mine and about as long. She took the whole thing in her mouth. She was sucking him while he started to play with my balls again. I was still worn down from my orgasm, but the excitement of the situation put me right back into the game. His strong fingers massaged my taint and worked back to my ass hole. I was really getting into it now. I lift my legs up to allow him better access to molest my hole.

"You want some?" Kara asks, her husbands throbbing meat in her hand. I nod and he moves close to me. I can smell her saliva on his cock, bits of my cum scattered throughout. I feel the warm head press against my lips. I kiss the member, tasting it. The meat tastes good, hot. Its erect flesh pushes into my mouth. I had said before in our conversations that if I'm going to give head, I want it forced on me. He forced it into my mouth, my jaw widening to accept it. Pretty soon, the flesh was pushing in and out of my mouth. His fingers still worked my ass while Kara started to kiss my balls.

"Yeah, suck that cock boy!" Steve yells out. His cock pushes into my mouth with more force, sometimes slamming the back of my throat. I gag on his meat, but it feels so good. Kara pushes his hands out of the way with her mouth. Now she is licking me. Her tongue dances around my already wet rim. His cock continues to pound my face and his hand starts to work my hard cock. Kara starts to pull her clothes off as she services my anus. Her small tits look so sexy on her skinny frame. She takes one of her perk little tits and starts teasing my ass hole with it. Her erect nipples send waves of pleasure through me.

"You like that boy, you like my titty violating you ass?" Kara asks in her sexy voice. I moan yes, muffled by the throbbing cock in my throat. Steve laughs and grunts as he fucks my face harder. I'm gagging with each slam into my mouth, but I love it. Kara stands, pulling my legs back down. She straddles me then slides down onto my cock. She is so wet, my manhood slips right in. Her pussy makes a loud, slopping sound as she rides my thick, hard cock. As she fucks me, Steve pulls his cock from my throat. He gets behind his wife and slides his cock into her ass hole.

"OH FUCK YES!" she screams in absolute lust. I can feel his cock violating her ass hole from her pussy. Both our cocks slam into her wanting holes. Her mouth molests mine, pushing her tongue in and out, the taste of my ass and cock on her lips. She starts yelling out as her holes get pounded. Her pussy is so wet; I'm almost slipping out of her. I can feel Steve's balls slap against mine as he fucks her ass hole.

Suddenly, I feel Steve stop and pull his cock out of her. She continues to slam up and down on me. His hands spread my legs apart and lift them up as much as he can with Kara riding me. He once again licks my ass hole. I hear the top of something click then nothing. I'm too wrapped up in how good Kara's hole feels to notice much else. Suddenly, there it is, Steve's well lubed cock against my ass.

"I don't know about that..." I say, still breathing heavy. Steve doesn't seem to care; he pushes the thick meat against the tiny hole.

"It's ok; it doesn't hurt the way Steve does it." Kara says to me, trying to comfort me. I'm still nervous, but I relax enough to allow him to try and penetrate me. At first it hurts and I tense up. Steve tells me to relax and I force myself to. The cock slides in to me, stretching my virgin ass hole open. It goes in a little bit, then a bit more. Each time he pulls back, he slides in a little deeper. Kara was right, I felt pressure, but Steve was very good at what he did. Pretty soon, I was enjoying the sensation of having my ass hole fucked while I pounded his wife.

The three of us fucked for what seemed days. I would fuck his wife while he fucked me, or I would fuck him while he fucked his wife. Positions changed and gallons of cum spilled out for our enjoyment. We lapped up each other's juices and fluids. One time I let Steve blast my face with cum while his wife licked it off. I blasted hot semen all over his ass hole, and then Kara and I took turns licking it up. By the end of the night, the room was covered in cum and sweat. After our escapade, I got dressed and left their defeated bodies on the living room floor. I don't think I made it home before I received a text message – "Get that sexy little ass back here tomorrow!!" I have a hard time saying no to such romantic words...