 This is a true story, based on events that took place some years ago when Katie was in her early twenties.

Katie and her partner, John, who she lived with, shared an apartment near London. He was a fun guy and they had a good relationship, doing a lot together, going out, traveling and a common interest in music. They also had a robust sex life! Katie, quite petite at 5ft 3in tall has always looked rather good, in fact very good! Back then she kept her blond hair fairly short, just down to her collar, always cut well. She was, (and still is), slim, with a great pair of legs, firm smooth thighs and a very well-shaped bottom. However, her boobs have always been her greatest asset, just perfect, at a 34D size, but firm so she hardly needed a bra.

John was a slim, wiry guy, about 5' 8", with a head of black untidy hair. He seemed always to have a smile on his face, perhaps because he laughed and joked often. At the time, when Katie and John had few cares, they were perfect together, enjoying life, sucking in everything around them, making the most of whatever fell before them.

John had a friend named Colin whom he had known for some years. Katie knew him well enough as he used to visit them regularly, often staying for the weekend. In terms of physique he was the opposite of Katie and John, much taller at over 6', well built, the sort of guy who seemed to be able to lift extraordinarily heavy objects with ease!

One evening, Katie and John had been out to eat or for a drink, returning to the apartment afterwards. John was sat on the sofa with Katie alongside him as they shared a bottle of wine. They were talking idly, about nothing in particular, when John told Katie that Colin thought she looked very good, sexy and with a great figure. Katie was quite flattered.

"That's nice to know," Katie said, "I think he is a lovely guy, not bad looking too!"

"Well, that's good," replied John. "You know, I must confess that I've always had a bit of a fantasy about you flirting with Colin."

Katie turned a little to look at John, a smile on her face. "Really?" she asked, "You would like that? How long have you had this fantasy?"

"Oh, I'm not sure, a while I suppose. I know it's silly."

"No, it's not, if it's something you like then it isn't silly. I could maybe be a flirt if you like that, wear something rather sexy one evening. Tease Colin a little bit," said Katie.

Rather shyly John said, "I thought it might be fun if you were very sexy, naughty, even very naughty perhaps. That you might like being sexy and bad, it might be a turn on for you as well."

"Oh, well, gosh, there's an idea," Katie replied. "I'm not sure what you have in mind. I could do something, maybe I could strip one evening. I could strip right off, how about that? What were you thinking?"

John, bashfully, then told her that he had sometimes thought about her making love to Colin while he watched. Katie was surprised but quite intrigued and asked him why he would like this to happen, what turned him on about it. Relieved that she hadn't got cross he explained it was just a fantasy, he was fascinated with the idea of seeing what she looked like during sex, what she would look like, moaning and moving while Colin had sex with her.

Katie thought for a moment about this fantasy of his. "Well, sometimes it's possible to make a fantasy come true, but we'd have to see how it might work out." Katie told him, "The right time and all that."

"Wow, really, you'd do it with Colin?" John asked, obviously surprised.

"Maybe. He's a nice guy and pretty good looking too, which rather helps, and I think you would really like me to do it!" Katie replied. "But we do of course have see if Colin is interested in this idea."

"Just out of interest, if you did it with him, would you go all the way?"

"How do you mean, all the way?"

"You know, would you let him come inside you?"

"Why do you ask?"

He was embarrassed again now. Perhaps he felt he was pushing the whole thing too far or that she would become angry, however, he explained why he had asked.

"I'm just not sure, I know it sounds absurd, but I'm just not sure about him coming in you, it's such an intimate thing isn't it," John replied. "It would be very sexy to see your face and watch you arching your back while Colin is coming inside you, but then I feel strange about him doing that, spunking in you, maybe it's too much."

"Hmm, well, we will see! You said this is something you've fantasized about for a while and to tell the truth, it's quite an erotic idea, so yes, I'll do it with Colin, and you can watch," Katie told him. "However, let me work out how to make it happen. I can't very well say to Colin, hey give me a shag and do you mind if John watches while we do it, can I now."

During the next week, Katie thought about what they had talked about and started to formulate a plan, a plan that would take a few weeks to complete. Katie wanted to do this to please John, but it was also because, the more she considered it, the more turned on she became at the thought of doing it with Colin while John watched. Katie liked pushing the boundaries sometimes, to explore further in their sex life.

Plan Part 1.

Some time, maybe a month later, Colin came to stay for the weekend as he lived some miles away. On the Saturday evening they stayed at home, had a meal, a few drinks and then sat talking and listening to CDs. At about 10 pm Katie said that she wanted to get comfortable and was going to change, ready for bed, so she could relax.

Katie had, of course, planned this. She went upstairs and put on one of John's white shirts, a pair of white knickers and a pair of white fluffy socks. She deliberately left half of the buttons on the shirt undone, so while not exposing her boobs you could immediately tell she wasn't wearing a bra. When she went back downstairs John and Colin both sat up, clearly surprised at how she looked. With a big grin Colin said she looked very sexy, which of course was true! It was summer and she had a light overall tan, which looked fantastic against the white clothes.

Katie didn't do anything at first, just sat and had another drink, but after a while, she stood up, pulled John up and told him to smooch with her to the music that was playing. He did, but before too long he had pulled the shirt up at the back and had his hands inside stroking her back. Katie shivered slightly as he did this but with the shirt pulled that way it wasn't comfortable. She moved away from him slightly and undid the rest of the buttons on the shirt so that he could put his hands inside, around her waist and on her back. This was altogether more comfortable and looked a lot sexier to Colin who was of course watching them.

When the track they had been smooching too finished Katie let go of John and said to Colin it was his turn. He didn't need to be asked twice, standing up immediately and pulling Katie close to him so that he could smooch with her along to the music. As John had done, he too put his hands inside her shirt, on her back, caressing her as they moved. Now, let's take this a little further thought Katie.

Looking up at him Katie said, "It's very warm tonight, it's been such a hot day."

"Yeah, it is hot," Colin replied.

"Smooching like this is really nice, but it makes me too warm," Katie said.

"Do you want to stop then?" he asked.

"No, I don't, I like it, but I'm going to take this shirt off," Katie said, looking up at his face to gauge his reaction.

"Wow, OK then," he said, clearly surprised but judging from the smile on his face not complaining.

Katie let go of him and pulled the shirt off one and then the other shoulder. She dropped her arms down by her sides and with a shake the shirt slid off and dropped onto the floor, leaving her completely topless. Katie was a bit nervous, going topless in front of Colin, but was also clearly getting a thrill out of being naughty and flirtatious. She pulled Colin back to her, putting her arms around him again, holding him close, her now bare breasts pushed into his chest.

Katie knew that she was aroused and felt her nipples grow bigger and firmer; she wondered if he could feel them pressing against him. Colin smooched with her, running his hands up and down her bare back and onto her bottom. Her skin felt smooth and silky to his touch. Then she felt his right hand move to her side, under her arm, his fingers gently moving, then he moved his hand to her front and cupped her left breast. He ran his thumb around her erect nipple. Katie wasn't shocked, in fact she expected it, it's what guys always want to do after all. However, for now, she didn't want to go this far so she gently smacked his hand and told him thank you, but he was a naughty boy.

When the music ended Katie and Colin sat down. All three of them were all a little shy but also really enjoying the excitement of the situation. There was an electric feeling, a mutual sense between all three of them of that they were involved in something naughty and daring as if they had just robbed a bank!

Colin said, "You look fantastic, don't be too shy!"

"Thank you, I'm OK now, I was a little bit nervous just now," said Katie who sat up and playfully ran her hands slowly up and down her bare thighs.

After some minutes, Katie went to the kitchen to get a drink. When she returned to the living room Colin looked at her with a big grin.

"Why don't you take your knickers off?" he asked.

"Hmm, and why should I do that?" Katie replied, just playing him along. It hadn't been her plan to strip completely, but she was obviously enjoying turning the two lads on.

"Well, you've got a fantastic body and it would be very sexy to see you in the nude," Colin said.

Katie went and stood in front of him and said "Would it now! You think it will be sexy to see me stripped off. The thing is, I'm not going to take my knickers off."

"A shame, you look amazing."

"I'm not, but you can do it, you pull my knickers down."

Katie put her feet together, leaned over him and put her hands on his shoulders. "Go on then, pull them down."

Colin reached out and putting his thumbs into each side of her knickers began to pull them down her thighs as Katie wriggled her hips playfully. She stood up straight as her knickers reached her ankles, kicked them off and deliberately moved her feet apart about twelve inches. She let Colin gaze at her smooth bare pussy for a second or two, then moved into the middle of the room where she did a little dance, turning completely around, showing off her body to them both.

Katie looked stunning in the nude, her skin lightly tanned, her breasts slightly swollen with the nipples standing out hard as bullets, her firm body moving in the light from the lamp, her face grinning playfully, obviously pleased with herself and aroused by the situation. She felt very tempted to take things even further; she was very aroused and sure that Colin and John were too, but she had made her plan and didn't do anything more. It was late anyway.

"Oooo, stupid me, I've still got my fluffy socks on and you wanted to see me in the nude!" remarked Katie. She sat down and took the socks off.

They didn't do much more that evening except talk for a few minutes, it was just a first try out to see how it would go and how everyone felt. A little later, when Katie got into bed with John, she found he had huge hard erection, such as she had not seen before! Not surprisingly they made love that night, Katie gasping and yelping as John penetrated her.

Plan Part 2.

A week later and John and Katie were at Colin's place, staying overnight. He lived out of town, in the country, in a rather splendid old Victorian house that had once been a vicarage. His good income had allowed him to furnish it well, if not a little eccentrically, with a mixture of old and modern furniture and fittings.

In the evening, having been out together to the local pub, they were sat in his living room, Katie and John on a large squashy sofa, Colin on a huge armchair. As usual they had music playing and were indulging in one or two bottles of wine, though John was also drinking a local beer that he seemed to like. Katie decided to push her plan a bit further. As it got late into the evening she went and sat on Colin's lap. She cuddled up to him and he responded to this by putting his arms around her.

"I was a bit unkind to you last week," said Katie to Colin.

"Really? I thought you were extremely good to me," he replied.

"I know, it was a lot of fun, but I told you off when you wanted to touch my boobs," said Katie, "and I'm sorry, it was only the natural thing for you to do."

"Well, it was so tempting, you so close to me and all that," replied Colin.

"Yes, of course. Anyway, I am sorry I told you off."

Katie was wearing a pair of black leggings and a white T-shirt. As she snuggled up to Colin, his hand found its way under her T-shirt and she let him run his hand up and down the bare skin of her back for a while. Then she moved, turning to straddle him, with her knees either side of him. She abruptly pulled the T-shirt over her head and took it off, leaving her in a black bra. She leaned into him so that she could whisper in his ear.

"I think you should take my bra off now," she whispered.

He reached behind her with both hands and after a moment, as he managed the clip, undid the bra and pulled the straps down her arms. He pulled the bra away and dropped it on the floor beside the chair, leaving Katie topless. Katie leaned back a little so that Colin could see her boobs, now in front of his face. He looked admiringly at them, big, full, well rounded and firm. Her nipples were perfect, a darker pink set on a pale pink background, slightly upturned.

"You can touch today," Katie told him. She leaned forward a little and putting a hand behind his head guided his mouth toward her right nipple. He opened his mouth slightly to receive her and felt her nipple slid in, onto his tongue. As it did so he felt it harden and swell, the areola around tightening. He ran his tongue around the nipple and gently nibbled. Katie pressed her body firmly towards him, pushing her breast into his warm beckoning mouth. The sensation was so erotic, someone new kissing her breasts, John watching her, that she began, without thinking, to move her pelvis back and forth slightly, pressing down onto Colin's groin. With each movement she made a little sound.

"Stop a moment," Katie said suddenly and pulled herself away from Colin.

"What's up?" Colin enquired.

"Nothing, I just need to take these leggings off. Right now." Katie replied.

She extracted herself from her kneeling position, swivelled around and stood up. She very quickly pulled the leggings down and off, leaving her wearing just a small pair of black knickers. Wasting no time, she climbed back onto Colin, again kneeling across his lap and pulled his head towards he left breast so that he might suck and nibble that one now.

Colin took her breast in his hand and then, using his other hand on Katie's back, pushed her forward onto him, sucking her breast hard as he did so. Katie responded by pressing her hips down onto him and then grinding back and forth; she could feel his erection inside his trousers. She used this to press against her pussy, rubbing her clit firmly onto him. Colin started to squeeze her breast more firmly and to start biting her nipple and breast. Katie moved back and forth, more aroused every minute, gently groaning each time.

"Oooo, that's nice," she murmured, "do the other one."

Colin did as he was asked and moved his attention to her other breast. John, still sitting on the sofa, was looking on at the activity with rapt attention, a grin on his face as he watched Katie become more engrossed in what she was doing. He'd never seen her like this, completely tuned on by another man.

"Bite harder!" ordered Katie, "go on, harder!"

Colin gripped Katie's back with both hands, his fingers pressing hard into her body, as he held her while biting her breasts. He began to push his hips up each time she ground down into him, the two of them moving synchronously. He could feel the urgency in her, her tension and her lust as she enjoyed the sensation of working herself up on him. He gripped her harder still and she moaned as he did so.

"I wish I'd taken these knickers of as well," she exclaimed suddenly, still moving on him. "Jeez, that would be sexy."

Katie's nipples were, by now, red and sore, wet from where Colin had sucked and bitten them. Her knickers were soaking, she was so aroused. She could feel him underneath her, fully erect, hard, pushing up against her vagina, wanting her. She wished she could stop for a moment and take his hard cock out of its cage to use it inside of her, but this wasn't part of the plan! She was, anyway, close to having an orgasm, but held back, difficult as that was. Finally, and reluctantly she stopped moving and leaned away from Colin.

He looked up at her face, slightly quizzical, wondering why she had stopped.

"Hmm, that was wonderful, just wonderful," said Katie. "And you got to touch my boobs this week after all."

"And how! You have an amazing pair of boobs, amazing, and if you don't mind me saying so, a fantastic body," Colin replied.

Katie stood up and then, looking down at Colin, licked her lips seductively and said, "You're pretty good too."

She then went and sat next to John once more. He took a moment, sat looking at her. "You are something else, do you know that, that was so sexy I can hardly believe it!"

Plan Part 3.

Two weeks later and Colin was again with Katie and John for a weekend. It was summer time and Katie had deliberately worn some summer clothes that would allow her to be rather naughty that evening. She had on a short loose fitting cotton skirt and a loose vest top, but this time, for added allure, with no bra. She planned to turn both of them on, a lot! She knew, as they had talked about it, that John found it very sexy and stimulating to see her misbehave with another man!

They had all been out for a long walk, by the river, on the hot summer evening, strolling and talking. What had occurred before wasn't mentioned, perhaps because nobody felt it was something to discuss openly, that is was just a private thing between the three of them. Katie looked sexy, no make up, but simply dressed in cool summer clothes, a little revealing perhaps, but not exotic. The cotton skirt was short and showed of her slim tanned legs as it swung around.

Back at their apartment Katie sat close to John, giving him a cuddle but then she went and sat on Colin's lap. She leaned into Colin and began to kiss him, gently around the neck and then on his lips, her tongue exploring his mouth. She'd never kissed him like this before but used it as a signal that she wanted more. She felt his hand on her knee and knew it would not be long before he was running it up and down the outside of her thigh. She moved a little as he did so, slightly rocking, being a bit provocative. She let him continue to stroke her thigh, enjoying feeling his hand there. His hand moved further up her thigh. He pulled her close and kissed her quite hard while at the same time his hand slipped up under her skirt, further up the outside of her thigh. He ran his hand up until he reached her knickers and playfully slipped his fingers under the elastic on the outside of her leg.

"Hmm, that's nice," she murmured, letting him know that everything was OK.

She looked over at John, sitting on the other sofa, to see him gazing intently at them. He was smiling, again enjoying watching Katie misbehave.

She stopped holding Colin and sat back a little so that she could open her legs slightly. Colin understood the signal, his hand moved to the inside of her thigh and soon slid up, under her skirt. Before long the end of his fingers had reached as far as they could go and he was touching her knickers with the ends of his fingers, very gently pressing on her pussy. Katie rocked her hip forward to apply more pressure to his fingertips. Colin put his left arm around her hips and pressed her forward while he used his middle finger to run up and down her pussy.
