 What had happened? When? How? I don't know. Really. But I got that letter for all that. A real one, on expensive paper. It had a nice smell, and my address was on it, with lots of curls. There was no address on the back. It was strange; I never get any letters. Do you? I only get e-mails and stuff. First I wanted to open it with a nail but it was heavy paper, and I really liked the idea. I didn't want to damage the envelope. So I went into the kitchen and slit it open with a knife. 

There was a single sheet inside, and there was no address in the letter either. I read it twice; it was not like any letter I'd ever read before. It said,

Dear Charlene, 

I have had my eyes on you for some time. I do admire you, and I would like to offer you a weekend at our mansion -- one that you will remember. I promise you will not regret coming; you will be well looked after.

If you accept my invitation you can indicate this by standing on the sidewalk outside your home next Friday at twelve sharp. My driver has been instructed to take care of you; if you are not there he will drive on. He will not return.

Yours,

- and then there was a scrawl I couldn't read. 

Tough titty, I thought. I wasn't born yesterday... I put the letter on the kitchen table and went to the gym. But the message kept popping up, and I wondered what that mansion would be like -- huh, a bungalow, more likely. So. What would you have done? I read the letter again that night. Somehow... 

That week I found it hard to work properly. I kept thinking I wouldn't and then again I secretly wondered what it was I'd miss. 

That Thursday night I packed a weekend bag; I could always use it, if I changed my mind. Thinking about it couldn't do much wrong. I slept badly. Oh man, this was really difficult.

The car was a really nice. It was a car like the one the Queen has. The driver was a tall man. He was a little grey at the temples, and I thought he looked quite sexy. He took my bag and then he went and opened the door for me, and he put a rug across my knees. But he didn't say anything. I asked him where we were going, and who had written the letter, but he just held up his hands. I had dressed nicely, and he looked at me in his mirror a couple of times. I wore a low neck. I think he tried to look at my breasts, but I'm not sure. 

The car was really sumptuous. There was a small table with some drinks on it and I asked if I could have one. The driver nodded. It was very nice, a kind of cocktail I'd never had before, and then I can't remember what happened until I noticed we had gone off the main road. We were going down a lane or something, and at the end there was a huge building. There was a flight of steps up to the front door, and the lane ended in a sort of circle in front of it. 

We stopped and the driver opened the door. He took my bag and went up the steps in front of me. The door opened, and I was greeted by a young woman. "Welcome to the mansion," she said. 

Phew. Now I still didn't know where I was; I must have slept for most of the trip. That's what you get from lying awake at night. We were in a big hall with a deep red carpet, and big old pictures on the walls. I couldn't see what was on them very well; they were all very dark. The woman took me into one of rooms, with a table laid just for me, and I realised I was famished. I looked at the clock, and it was going on for six. Man, I must have slept for over five hours! But the food was good. I felt a little uncomfortable, since I was waited on by a man in livery -- a funny sort of suit, really -- who seemed to have no tongue either. 

Then the woman returned. She asked me to come with her, and I followed her up the stairs, into a big room with the same red carpet. The pictures in this one were nice; they were bright and cheerful. In the middle of the room there was a stool with a red plush seat, and legs shaped like an X. There was a big bed in one corner, and a dressing table in another. The curtains were drawn; they were red velvet. The whole room looked like a boudoir from a story. There was a door to the bathroom. I had thought they would have an enamel bath on legs or something, but there were a modern bath and a real Jacuzzi! Everything was bright and new.

The woman said I could take a bath and prepare for the evening. I really loved soaking in the Jacuzzi. I felt a little dirty, what with the long journey, and this was really good. She came in and took away my dirty things. 

There were some big soft towels on a rack next to the bath, and when I had finished the woman came and rubbed me good and dry. Then she led me back to the room and made me sit in front of the dressing table. I felt a bit funny with no clothes on, but she didn't seem to think there was anything wrong. She told me to relax and made up my face for me. It took a long time; she applied all sorts of stuff to my face. Her fingers softly touched my cheekbones, and she did something to my cheeks. Then her fingers touched the skin over my eyes. I felt a little worked up because she could see all of me; I'd never been naked with another woman before. When she had finished I could look at myself. Man! I looked like some fashion model or other. My mum would not have approved, and that's for sure. But I liked it a lot -- never thought I could look like that. She put my hair in a roll; that was really beautiful. I will try and do my hair that way myself!

Then I thought I saw something move over my shoulder -- and before I knew someone put a blindfold over my eyes. I was scared witless -- but the woman told me not to worry, they only wanted to please me. Sit back and relax, she said. Man oh man! Could you do that? I just sat as still as I could. The woman asked me to put out my hands, and she slipped some bra straps up my arms. Someone fastened the bra at my back. I couldn't feel anything over my nipples, but it seemed my breasts were pushed up alright. They rolled a pair of stockings up my legs and the woman put a garter belt round my waist. Get up, she said, so I can fasten the clips.

Then they helped me put on a pair of shoes. They must have had very high heels -- when I stood in them I felt as if I was on tiptoe. 

I thought they would help me into my panties next, but they led me to the stool in the middle instead. I was told to sit on the edge. The woman spread my legs, and started to lather my pussy! You could have struck me down with a feather! The water was warm enough, and it felt really weird, having someone touch you there that way. When she put a razor to my pussy it made me jump. It was very cold. I was too amazed to say anything. Man! I was scared at first, but the feeling of the razor moving up an down my privates was lovely. 

When she had shaved off all my hair down there she sprayed something onto my pussy. It was was cold, too, but it stopped the itch. Then they rubbed something into the skin around it, and into my nipples. I though that was strange -- I was wearing a bra, after all. Some kind of a bra! I felt nothing at first, but after some time it felt as if my skin was on fire. Oh dear. It felt very weird. But it was very nice, too, just like you feel after you've touched yourself in bed, only much stronger. Fortunately there was no one there that I knew.

They let me sit there for a little time and then they led me into direction of the bed. They helped me onto it, and they made me kneel with my bum on my feet. I could feel the straps of my heels, and the bed felt soft. They put my hands on my legs, and made me open my legs. I felt the garter straps taut against my buns. Then I felt two people get onto the bed. One of them moved between my thighs; it was a woman, and she was naked -- I felt her breasts touch my nipples when she moved between them. I was really confused. Man! Then she started to touch me softly. It felt really nice, but not really proper - but I didn't want to make her stop, either. 

I felt a couple of thighs touch mine. Someone must have knelt down like I did behind me. I wished I could have a look, but they held my hands down, and I could not remove the blindfold. 

I felt something touch my back, just over the crack of my bum, and there was a pair of hands that went round my body after my breasts. The thing touching my back slid up a couple of inches, and it felt sticky. The hands started to work on my nipples. Man, did it feel good. Then I felt the person's body against my back, and it had no breasts but a big cock that got stuck between us. I leant back against him and enjoyed the feeling of his fingers on my tits. The woman's fingers felt my back. I could feel her touch the man's cock for a moment, and then she moved to the front. She tickled my navel, and then she ran down to my pussy. She slipped a finger into me. It made me jump! It felt much stronger than when I am in bed doing the same. It was very confusing, having a woman touch me. My, you would go haywire, soo sexy!

Oh, and then she touched my lips with hers. She felt very soft, much different from the guys I'd been necking with. It actually felt quite good. The man behind me moved back and forth a little and put his cock between my buns. That felt good, too. I tried to wiggle them a bit to feel him better. Oh, this felt kind of alright. Man!

The man behind me began to fuck the crack of my ass. Stupid; I'd much rather have a cock in my pussy! But it did turn me on anyhow. Not that I wasn't turned on already -- I was soaking wet. Man, was I turned on. They still held on to my hands. At least there was this tongue in my mouth so I could do something, too. She tasted alright. Yes. 

She leant back. I asked her not to stop, but she said nothing. Then I felt her mouth on my tits. She made me so hot I could scream, but there was another mouth on mine, a man's. I could feel the stubble on his chin. The man behind me moved away. His cock slipped away; I heard it slap against his stomach and I felt his hands slide across my belly and down my ass cheeks. One went into the crack and he put a finger up my arse. Man! No one had ever done that to me before. It was strange but I was so worked up I didn't mind. The girl in front of me put two more fingers in my cunt, and she rubbed my clit with her thumb. She made me see stars. I felt my juices run down around her fingers. Ooh, and the fingers didn't stop. The man behind me put another finger in my behind, and I squeezed them hard. Then he took them out. He spread my cheeks with one hand and put something else against my arse. It felt cold and hard, and he pushed it in slowly. It was big and a little painful at first, but it made me feel so sexy! Once it was all in the feeling became different. I don't really know. It felt full, and there was something big where it ought not to be, but that felt exciting, too. 

The man behind me sat back, and rubbed his cock against my ass again. The other one got up and then I felt his cock against my lips. He tasted good, and I tried to get some of him in my mouth. I could feel the little bit of skin just under the tip with my tongue. The man behind me moved away, and he took my shoulders and slowly pulled me down backwards on the bed. I had to move my legs a bit, and they held my hands, but not on my upper legs any more. Then he moved away completely, and I felt the girl slide her mouth down to my pussy. When her lips touched my clit I almost bit that cock, but then he began to fuck my mouth. He didn't go in so far I had to gag. Well, almost. I tasted his juices on my tongue and felt a mouth on my tits again. It made me come hard. The cock in my mouth didn't stop, but the others waited until I was back. 

Then I felt the other man move between my legs, and he pushed his cock between my pussy lips. Phew. He was big! I had to open up wide, and then he slipped in. It felt very strange, what with that thing in my behind, but he fucked me good and hard. I squirmed -- it was soo nice! I felt the girl's tongue all over my body. They still held my hands down, on the bed beside me. They held my legs down, too. But they couldn't stop me from trying to pull him in -- I could work my pussy on him alright, and I tried to buck against his pelvis. He fucked me with long, deep strokes. He felt wonderful. 

Suddenly he stopped. The bastard! Man, I could scream! They made me stretch my legs. The man who was fucking my mouth stopped, and we rolled over. Then the cock was returned to my mouth, and someone took the thing from my arse. It felt very empty. But then I felt someone else stroke my ass. He lowered himself over me; I could feel his arms against my body. He ran his cock between my buns a couple of times, and I felt something drip onto my ass. The man worked it down my crack and into my back hole. It felt very smooth and slippery and sexy, and then he pushed his cock into me from behind. I could feel two cocks inside of me at once. Man! The man under me was rubbing my nipples hard, and they were so stiff they hurt. I wished the girl would lick them, but there was no room for her now. I'd never thought it would feel soo good. 

The man who was fucking my arse lifted himself on his arms. I felt oil trickle down my back and on my shoulders, and then a hand rubbed it all over my back and down onto my belly and my tits. It made me feel very weird. Very sexy, but a bit -- oh well, I don't know. Different. Like a fish or something. No, I don't know; weird, that's just it. But it set my pussy on fire, and it made my nipples feel even more swollen. I tried to suck all of the cock in my mouth down my throat, and I ran my tongue around the shaft. He suddenly stopped and grabbed my hair, and held his cock still in my mouth. Then I felt his come spurt down my throat. There was quite a lot of come and I couldn't swallow all. I felt some of it trickle down my mouth. When he had gone half limp he drew back and I felt the girl move over to lick the come from my chin. Then she kissed me, like before.

I felt sooo sexy, with those two cocks inside of me, and the girl's tongue in my mouth... The hands on my nipples pulled at them, and pinched them hard. It hurt a little but I didn't care. I could only think of those cocks. It was a pity I couldn't watch, but I was too busy being fucked to care. I rubbed my oily tits into the man under me; it made my nipples tingle like mad. Man! What a wonderful feeling! When I rolled my ass a little I could feel those cocks shift in my holes, and I loved the feeling of the upper man's abs against my buns. I squeezed his cock with my sphincter, and he groaned. He pulled back and felt him spurt all over my back. What a waste - but then I felt the girl's tongue on my back. Hmph, come and oil? She must have scooped it all up, for she came back to kiss me and worked some of it into my mouth with her tongue. It didn't taste too bad, either. Then she sucked my tongue into her mouth and ran her own around and up and down. It felt almost as sexy as the cock in my cunt. She pushed me up a little and I think she must have gone down on my fucker's face, for she started panting heavily and moaned into my mouth. I kissed her as hard as I could, and I loved the feeling of pulling at her lips a little and then biting them softly. I moved my ass cheeks back and forth independently, and the cock in my pussy went hard as steel and then I felt his come spurt against my cervix. It felt like he'd never stop. It pushed me straight over the edge. I don't think I 'd ever come so hard before. 

The girl released me and I slumped down on top of the man. I was cover in sweat and oil, and it felt as if there was still some come on my back, too. There was a lot of it inside of me, and it made me feel a little sluttish but very sexy indeed. I wish I could have seen myself, but they didn't allow me to remove my blindfold. Instead someone came with a bowl of hot water and a cloth, and they cleaned me up. Then they took my hands and led me off the bed. 

They made me kneel on the floor, somewhere in the middle of the room, and they put handcuffs on my wrists. There must have been rings in the floor. I couldn't lift my hands and they held my hips up and put something under me - I suppose it was the stool, but I'm not sure. I was forced to kneel on the floor with my bum up in the air and my pussy exposed -- I felt very vulnerable, but that really made my juices flow. My ankles were fastened next, and then I was stroked and fondled and felt up by lots of different hands -- sweaty, dry, cool, timid, bold, demanding -- they all made free with my body. A few people bent down to kiss me, and I had a cock pushed into my mouth a couple of times - never long enough to suck it properly, though. Man! It was exciting and very frustrating.

Slowly there were fewer and fewer hands. A few of them kept fondling my tits that were dangled free from the stool, and I heard people moving some objects. Then I could smell someone's pussy near my face, and a small hand took my head and bent it down towards her. Here, she said, eat my cunt -- slut! 

I said I wasn't, but then I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue in search of her pussy. It was the first time I ever tasted one. The soft, well-lubricated lips felt very good against my tongue. She smelled good. She tasted great, too, and she held my head and pushed her cunt up into my face. I think I was doing alright. She was moaning and making sounds like speech, but I couldn't make out a word. I did understand her, though.

They put a cock into my pussy, but it felt strange, I thought. No one had touched my back or my bum, and it just sat there. I couldn't feel the warmth of a body near my legs, either. Then, all at once, I heard the sound of an electric motor buzzing and some other mechanical noises and the thing started to move. Oh God! A fucking machine! Man, that really seemed too much. But there was nothing I could do about; I couldn't even complain for the cunt on my mouth. It was a good thing I was lying across the stool for I went completely weak in the knees. The relentless fucking made me come -- and come -- and come... They stopped the machine for a moment, and inserted something into my ass. Then they turned the machine on again, and the thing up my ass as well. It felt bloody sexy, and I felt my juices flow like a tap... 

I must have passed out, for the next thing I remember is someone kissing me. I was still in the same position, and the girl who kissed me stroked my hair. They put something over my pussy. I don't know what it was, but it felt a little like the girl sucking my pussy but then harder. It felt -- well, I really don't know, but it was really something else! When it stopped, and they took it off, the girl stroked my pussy again, but it felt mush more swollen than before. They left me like that for some time. It felt very indecent, lying there, kneeling with my swollen pussy high up in the air for everyone to see, but it felt sooo sexy! 

Two men took the place of the girl and the machine. The thing in my ass was still there, but they must have switched it off. It was less intense than the machine, but they felt nice and warm. 

The man behind me had strong, warm hands and he caressed my hips while he slammed into me as he fucked me doggy style, and the man whose cock was in my mouth fondled my breasts. They used me for quite some time before they came. They took the thing from my arse, and then there were so many others who took my mouth, my arse and my pussy that I lost count, both of them and of my orgasms. Man! I felt their come run down my thighs; I think I managed to swallow most of the come in my mouth. My oh my, if you had seen me...

Eventually they undid the cuffs and helped me to my feet. The girl who'd been with me most of the time kissed me again, trying to taste the traces of come that lingered behind.

They waited until I was steady on my feet again, and then they led me from the room, into the bathroom where they must have prepared the bath. I was helped into it. But there was no water in it; it was full of oil, and it felt very slick and sexy as hell as I felt my whole body go slippery as an eel. One man stepped in beside me. He sat down on his haunches, and they covered him in oil, too. Then he took my hand and made me sit in his lap, and he positioned his cock at my entrance and pushed slowly inside. After the continuous fucking of the last few hours it felt very sweet and loving, and he fucked me slowly with his mouth on mine. His hands were wandering all over my body, stroking my oily breasts and fondling my slippery buns, and I put my arms around him and rubbed his chest with my tits. The oil made it feel very sexy! It was good to use my hands at last. I squeezed his behind and when I was almost there I put a finger up his ass. Man, did he come! 
