 Ellen looked amused. "I think she wants to swallow you." She tugged at the edge of the Corona label a little nervously. "Why else would she always kid around about it? And why would she always ask me how it tastes?"

"Maybe she's just putting you on," Will said, frowning a little. "Or more than likely she wants to go down on you. That's just Beth." 

Will's eyes were wide and searching when he looked over at Ellen. She'd jump on that if she was kidding. But she didn't stop peeling the label.

"You, know Will," she said quietly after a pause. "I'm pretty sure that's true, too. But that doesn't change the fact that she wants you. Does it?" Will got the impact of that statement loud and clear. He whistled a little below his breath.

"So, I guess the question is, then, how would we go about letting her." Pregnant silence again. Again, very unlike Ellen in such conversations.

Deep conversations about everything had always been the hallmark of their togetherness. Sex was no exception. They often talked about fucking even while they were fucking, and it fed their fucking.

The moment of truth had arrived like a thief in the night.

"I don't know, what do you think?" Now the spark was in Ellen's eyes. It was Will's turn to fall silent.

* * * * 

Ellen perched as close as she could get to watch. Close enough to touch her tongue to Will's cock and Beth's tongue. It might have been a little about feeling left out, but she decided it was more about the taste and smell of sex. Oddly enough, while Beth was literally devouring Will's soaked cock and Will was breathing deeply, Ellen was the one murmuring and moaning watching her husband sucked wantonly by her best friend.

Moving closer, she edged her tongue into the corner of Beth's mouth as it slipped up and down Will's shaft. When Beth's mouth almost slipped off the tip, Ellen slipped her tongue inside Beth's mouth, tasting her mouth and Will's clear thickening stuff.

She let her mouth drift up Beth's cheek to her ear. "Hey, suck him, Baby. Yeah, that's what you wanted, wasn't it? Suck this guy's cock. Suck him deep." 

Beth responded by clamping her lips tighter and drawing Will deeper into her mouth. Ellen slipped her hands to Beth's bottom and slowly felt for her pussy. Using both hands she slid her fingers toward the small patch of dark hair shaved into a thin triangle above Beth's pussy, then teased her fingers lower toward Beth's wetness.

Beth wriggled and stretched her pussy toward Ellen's touch. She gasped when Ellen's finger dipped across her wet slit and slightly inside her.

Something powerful leapt violently awake inside Ellen as her finger slipped into Beth's wet body. Her sexual nature exploded into being with a force so powerful she could feel it pulsing in her chest. She was suddenly so in love with this woman who was gulping her man's cock with wanton abandon. And she loved the man more than she ever had before for being sexual enough, man enough, to risk this intimacy. 

She finger fucked Beth with delicious, long, slow strokes. Beth ground her cunt into Ellen's fingers and let her head fall back so that Will's dick slipped out of her mouth and fell off the side of her tongue. Ellen reached around with her free hand and pulled Beth's face to hers and engaged her tongue wildly.

The girls tongue-fucked ravenously with Will's throbbing cock dangling at their lips, leaking into their kisses.

Now Beth was sucking for the liquid. She pulled Will deeply into her mouth, clutching at his grinding hips and sliding her fingers around, probing around the rim of his ass as she squeezed him into her mouth.

Will started quivering toward the point of no return. "Suck it, Beth. God, here it comes," he whispered through sharp gasps. Then he jerked and thrust forward. 

Time stopped for Ellen. Her husband's boiling sperm spurted once, twice, and then gushed into Beth's mouth. As many times as Ellen had swallowed him, and come to savor the intoxicating muskiness, the smell now drove her mad with desire. Perhaps it was being able to experience it indirectly without all the work of swallowing quickly, left holding his stuff in her mouth as he faded; now she could watch and savor as someone else did that work.

In her timeless trance, Ellen saw Beth's taut naked body curving into Will's muscular thighs, her breasts crushed into his legs. She felt Beth's wet pussy clutching her fingers. The look on Beth's face was nothing short of radiant. 

There was not a hint in Beth's expression of that automatic contortion that happens often when the unexpected saltiness and muskiness floods the tongue. This still happened many times when Ellen took Will's cum in her mouth, and when it happened, she accepted it as part of the game and risk of ultimate intimate sexual engagement. This automatic reaction didn't happen every time she sucked and swallowed Will and it wasn't happening with Beth now.

Beth never closed her eyes. She welcomed his full load into her mouth, pulling urgently on his ass. Beth's eyes registered only exploratory bliss, hinting only that this was everything she had imagined, maybe more.

Ellen thought her husband's sexual nakedness and heated cock had never appeared more beautiful. It was amazing how being a close observer allowed her to see him as she never had before. Of course not, how could she see the contour of his back and the shudder in his knees when her face was inches from his stomach?

The same was true for Will. He looked longingly at his wife's sleek naked beauty, seeing her delicious, firm curves and the wantonness in her eyes. As he fucked his cum into Beth's waiting mouth, he watched one of his wife's hands clutching Beth's ass from behind while she deftly fucked Beth's pussy with her other. He watched his wife alternately glance lustfully into his face and then turn to watch Beth swallow him.

Now Beth had swallowed most of the early spurts of semen and captured a mouthful of the thick remnants to hold in her mouth. This was more than Ellen could stand. Ellen squared with Beth and embraced her tightly, rubbing her tits into Beth's. Looking squarely into Beth's equally passionate eyes, Ellen delved into the thick mixture of white and clear sex held openly in Beth's mouth.

Both girls moaned at the same time and their mouths came together eagerly. The open mouths and probing tongues forced thick strands of cum out of Beth's mouth and down her's and Ellen's cheeks. Ellen raised her hands, trembling with lust, to Beth's face and held her face firmly while she darted her tongue down to draw the mixture into her own mouth as it slipped down Beth's face.

Responding intuitively, Beth opened her mouth a little wider and let more of Will's sex flow into his wife's mouth. Ellen had never tasted something that invoked such sheer joy and power. The pounding archetypal rhythm of sexual power bombarded her senses and sharpened every perception. 

Ellen couldn't get enough. She smeared her thickly cum-coated lips down Beth's face and wantonly rubbed it into Beth's tits using her face as a brush, coating her cheeks in cum, chewing on Beth's nipples, licking the cum in circles. 

Beth groaned and danced, waving and grinding her body in rhythm with Ellen's licking motions. She pulled Ellen's face back to hers and carefully licked her face like a mother cat cleaning a kitten. 

Both girls sought and found the other's cunt and their fingers probed deeply. Will had taken his cock into his hands and stroked the last semen from the tip onto the lovemaking girls. He dropped his face to kiss and caress first one body, then the other, feeling for openings in the girls' embraces.

Finally, Ellen gently pushed Beth onto her back and began the first descent into her newly acquired open sexuality. She savored the entire descent, moving slowly and deliberately downward, sliding her mouth across the salty cum on Beth's body and smearing it into her hair as she drug her head down closer to the prize. 

She didn't hesitate when her mouth eased past the small patch of hair shaved above Beth's cunt. Beth arched her pussy up into Ellen's mouth and groaned loudly when Ellen smiled into her eyes, then into Will's, then seductively licked her lips and extended her tongue. 

She touched her tongue firmly onto Beth's clit and Beth groaned again loudly. Then Beth cried out wildly when Ellen slipped her face sideways and penetrated Beth's wet cunt lips with a single stroke that carried her deep into Beth's body. Ellen's nose sunk into Beth's musky wetness and she breathed deeply as her tongue probed and tasted.

In her state of ecstatic sensitivity, Ellen was aware that she had entered a new level of sexuality and that she was enjoying her very first tongue penetration into a woman's body. "I have to taste this to the fullest," she thought to herself. "Savor the moment. Never lose this sensation." 

She determined to lose her tongue completely in this wild embrace for as long as she could breathe. She sunk her tongue even deeper and traced the walls of Beth's pressing cunt. Moving millimeters up and around she coated her taste buds with Beth's pussy while her nostrils filled with her friend's pungent sex wetness.

While Ellen fervently fucked and devoured Beth, Will slipped around behind Ellen and coaxed her to arch her back and raise her bottom. He gently spread her firm bottom wide and moved his tongue to her pussy as directly as she had to Beth's pussy. She gasped her lusty pleasure deep into Beth's body without withdrawing her tongue as Will's tongue slid deep into her own cunt. Fucking her firmly and deeply, he massaged her whole ass rhythmically with his hands, feeding her pussy into his mouth.

Beth lay mesmerized with her legs spread widely and her knees flexed to offer her pussy as openly as possible to Ellen's probing. She methodically twisted her nipples and used her planted feet to dance her cunt into Ellen's face. 

Not willing to pull her tongue all the way out of its first venture into a woman's secret darkness, Ellen nonetheless withdrew slowly and carefully and then held her tongue at Beth's cunt opening while her lips surrounded Beth's clit and closed to form a seal over her. 

The natural pull toward rhythm and to generate orgasm overtook Ellen and she found her tongue trailing out of Beth's sweet darkness to pleasure her clit. When Ellen started sucking and stroking Beth's clit, Beth's hands left her breasts and clutched at the sheets.

Almost sobbing with delirious passion, she started chanting, "Oh God. Suck me Ellen. Suck me Ellen. Don't you stop sucking me Ellen. Oh, my God, baby, eat me out." Her words shifted about in the mantra but continued in their blatant begging. And Ellen continued with abandon.

Now feeling tension building in her own cunt, Ellen matched her pelvic thrusts into Will's mouth to her probes into Beth. Suddenly, almost without warning, Beth was into her orgasm. Her head dropped back with a popping sound onto the sheet and she convulsed into a rigid muscular clenching. 

"Fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," she breathed in sharp syllables, then suddenly slipped out of the frozen tension into a frenzied jerking and pulsing. Her hands reached to Ellen's hair and held her for stability as she arched upward and sideways to watch her woman's sex juices flood her friend's mouth. 

Will turned his face to watch without stopping his probing into his wife's pussy. He watched as Beth drew her legs apart widely and pulled his wife's face tenderly but firmly into her pussy. She lovingly lowered her face as close as she could to watch her juices pour into her friend's mouth.

Then, as suddenly as her orgasm struck, Beth subsided and fell back onto the bed, breathing deeply. Ellen continued gently cleaning up Beth's pussy with her tongue, easing the pressure on Beth's tender nerves. She let her attention now drift to Will's mouth and her own come, finally laying her cheek on Beth's tummy with her nose and mouth as near as she could to Beth's freshly tongue-fucked pussy.

Will worked expertly with his tongue and added a gentle finger probing into his wife's pulsating ass. An astonishing wave of peace suddenly welled up in Ellen rather than the explosive orgasm buildup she expected.

An epiphany, she realized that she had prolonged her release so she could immerse herself into the sex with abandon. Now she was ready to relinquish into the peace and rest so she could begin to restore for what she knew was going to be a lifelong exploration of openness.

This thought sent her over the edge and she released herself into Will's mouth. As she did so, the intensity suddenly spiked into a rush and she felt herself jerk involuntarily back into Will's delving tongue. She cried out with wild pleasure as she felt herself contracting wildly, squeezing his tongue, pouring into his mouth. 

The smell and taste of Beth pervading her nose and mouth, her own juices pouring into her husband's mouth, and Beth's hands caressing her face and hair welcomed Ellen into the delirious world of open sexuality.

Over coffee, all three could feel the restoring energy and the stirring images of endless potential - now out in the open.