 The open house was set to begin in an hour and Salumeh showed up to meet the homeowners. She was a lot more nervous than usual. Not because the homeowners were bad people. As a middle-aged couple, the homeowners were as sweet as can be.

She was nervous because they were nudists at heart and this suburban home was practically a nudist safe haven. And she was excited because she practically (and secretly) idolized them.

This was also her first time meeting them. Her boss at the Realtor company had made the last minute assignment after an abrupt scheduling conflict. Adaptability is the key to success, her boss had said.

After ringing the doorbell with her briefcase in hand, the door opened and she was greeted by a naked man with long grey hair in his late 50's. The man was a legend in the world of pornography -- the classy, hardcore kind -- both as a performer and behind the scenes as a director. The man's wife was also in the business as a producer and manager.

"Hi, I'm Salumeh," she said with her bubbly personality and a friendly handshake. "I'll be your new agent and I'll be handling the prospective buyers for today's open house."

For the first time in her career, she was genuinely star struck meeting a client. To her, this man was bigger than any celebrity on the planet. 

"I'm Jonathan," the man replied with his own jovial attitude. "It's a pleasure to meet you."

Salumeh responded with an unnecessary whisper. "The pleasure is all mine. I'm a fan of your work. So it's great meeting you, even under these circumstances."

She faintly gestured to his penis and they shared a laugh. It was clear that Jonathan was used to getting these sorts of secret compliments.

He patted her on the shoulder, still chuckling. "Don't worry, your secret is safe with me. I seem to have fans in all walks of life, though no one wants to publicly admit it. That's the repressed world we live in, I suppose."

"Yeah, I actually grew up watching your... ah... never mind. Now I'm embarrassing myself."

He laughed. "Don't be embarrassed, my dear. It was a biology lesson. Please, come inside. We can talk some more."

They entered, and although Salumeh was prepared to encounter such brazen nudity, she was still taken aback by the cavalier attitude of this client with his penis exposed so freely. More importantly, she prayed that none of the other neighbors saw this.

After making further introductions, Salumeh made a quick visual inspection of the spacious living room.

The home was exactly like Salumeh had seen in the pictures. It was a Spanish style design. True to the character of the homeowners, the place looked like it was inhabited by hippies and naturists. There were dried incense and candles by the fireplace. There were paintings of people in the nude. There were sculptures of what appeared to be religious artifacts from around the world. 

It was easily the liberal-minded home and client that Salumeh had ever encountered in all her years of working in this business.

"Are you up to speed on everything?" Jonathan asked. 

"Just about. I looked over the details of this home and the credit history of the potential buyers. Everything is looking good."

"Great, because I can understand why this would be a little tricky for you."

Salumeh's eyes naturally gravitated down to the man's hanging penis, before she managed to bring her eyes upwards again. Being a fan was one thing, but seeing a guy's dick while trying to focus on business was something else entirely.

"It's no problem at all," she smiled. "We're all adults here. But I did have some questions about the remodeling done in your kitchen and bathrooms. Do you mind if I have a look?"

Jonathan looked dumbfounded for a moment. "Dressed like that?"

She looked down at her buttoned up blazer and office skirt. She also wore stockings and heels. It was a standard outfit for many professional women in realty. Admittedly, she wore something a little more expensive than she'd normally wear, given the price range the clients were looking for.

"Is something wrong with my outfit?" she asked, looking back at him.

"It's just fine if you're outside. But this is my home. It's my castle. I literally built this place with my body, mind and soul. I designed it and I helped the builders lay the foundation and hammer the nails."

"What exactly are you saying?" 

"This home is a nudist temple," the man said, which seemed to make his penis slightly twitch. "Clothes are strictly forbidden. I even had the painters and carpet installers do their work naked. Granted, I had to pay them a large amount of money to do so. But still, you can't put a price on principle."

Salumeh stood there stunned for a moment. She knew that Jonathan wouldn't budge on the matter. Hippies never budge on their beliefs. The brief emails and phone conversations with her boss also clicked in her mind. All those notices and warnings weren't hyperbole after all. 

Her boss was known for being demanding and getting things done at all costs, as long as it was legal. In the office, everyone was constantly being pushed to make strong deals and get the best prices possible. It was why their realty firm was so successful.

She put on a brave smile. "Can you excuse me for a second? I'll be right back."

"I hope I'm not scaring you away before the showing. I had spoken with this at length with Kimberly."

"Oh, I got the message," she replied, continuing her smile. "I just need to clarify something. I'll just be in my car for a moment."

With the bright smile still plastered on her face, she did something she had never done before in her career, which was to slowly walk backwards towards the door, before hurrying to her car.

***

She was parked across the street and she practically hopped inside, tossing her briefcase to the passenger seat. She whipped out her phone and prayed that her boss, who was on a trip to New York, would answer the phone. After a few rings, her prayer was answered.

"Salumeh, how are you?" Kimberly asked with a mischievous tone in her voice. "It's around 9 am where you are. Are you at the property?"

"I am, actually. I'm in my car right now. I've met the owner already. Sweet guy."

"How are you handling everything so far?"

Salumeh took a second to formulate her words. "Well, I was just speaking with the owner while his penis was exposed the entire time. And I just realized what you meant in the emails and our conversations."

"Ah, I'm assuming you've gotten to the naked part."

"Yes, the naked part. He's adamant about that."

"Like I had pointed out," Kimberly said, hiding her giggles. "Did you not believe me?"

"I thought it was an exaggeration."

"Have I ever exaggerated with rich clients? Jonathan is hardcore in his beliefs, which I actually have to respect. Good for him for sticking to his core values."

"Let me ask you something," Salumeh started off. "Is your trip really an emergency? Or did you want to skip out on this job after realizing that Jonathan is a devout nudist."

Only because of their close friendship which had developed over the years, Salumeh was able to strike an accusatory tone with her boss. 

Kimberly giggled. "I'm attending a big conference tomorrow. You knew about that. Jonathan's open house was originally scheduled a few days ago, but he had to push it back because of an unrelated emergency. I thought I could get this job done, but time wouldn't allow it."

"Why me?"

"Because you know how to sell a house. Why else?"

"I mean, why me?" Salumeh asked again. "You usually assign the big deals to the other realtors."

"Honestly?"

"Yes, I want to know. Was everyone else busy?"

"To be honest," Kimberly said in a humorous tone. "People in the porn industry are practically immune to naked white women at this point. I figured that maybe having a sexy Persian woman with a great ass would make the house showing more enticing."

Salumeh's jaw dropped and she gasped. "Are you drunk?"

"Not at all. Face it, Persian women have great butts, and you're part of that great-ass club. Use it, in addition to your other fantastic attributes, which are your brain and your speaking abilities."

"I'm pretty sure there's a lawsuit here somewhere."

"Nonsense," Kimberly replied, brushing it off. "You have your assignment. You've always said you wanted to join the club of multi-million dollar real estate listings. Here's your chance."

"Can I ask you something before you abruptly hang up the phone?"

"In exchange for not suing me? Sure, anything."

"If you were here, would you do this?" Salumeh asked.

"Would I get naked?"

"Yes, would you?"

"How do you think I became a branch manager?" Kimberly replied.

For the first time since this conversation began, Salumeh knew her boss had struck a serious tone. This wasn't an exaggeration or a joke. This was hinting at something big that went on behind the scenes in the world of big realty.

"I'm almost afraid to ask," Salumeh replied.

"Look, dealing with multi-million dollar listings is a completely different fucking sport. It's totally different than dealing with renters or middle-income families. This world is ruthless and cutthroat. And that means having to do whatever it takes to keep your clients happy, or else they'll go with someone else instead."

"Does that mean having to get naked, too? Really? Because if Jonathan doesn't change his mind within the next hour, I'm leaving."

"Can you keep a secret?" Kimberly asked.

"Of course."

"Remember when we had lunch a few months ago, and you talked about rumors you heard about realtors who've fucked their clients to keep their business? That might not all be rumors. It might be truer than you think." 

Salumeh sat stunned in her car. For better or worse, her boss had just admitted to fucking clients, or at least knowing about it. It felt like the planet was spinning and morals weren't what they used to be. She was kind of becoming aroused from thinking about it. Ever so slightly, she felt the urge to touch herself in her car, but like a good professional, she had a job to focus on.

"Is that ethical?" she asked.

Kimberly laughed. "Does it matter? We're not cheating anybody out of anything. All some women do is provide excellent customer service. The client gets what they want, and we get the commission. Everyone's happy."

"Yikes. Is that what..."

Salumeh's voice trailed off as she thought about the experienced women in their realty firm. The ones who were regularly tasked with dealing with higher-end clients. 

"Yes," Kimberly cut in. "I know what you're thinking. When it comes to the big listings, I assign certain jobs based on who's willing to do what, for which client. I think about what the client would like, and which agent can provide that."

"When you get back, we're having a nice long conversation over coffee or something."

"Better make that dinner. If you want to climb the ranks, there's a lot you'll need to know."

"Dinner at my place," Salumeh clarified. "So no one can hear any of this."

"Look, this job is a big deal. Our firm has a competitive advantage with people in the porn world. They come to us because we find the deals that work for their film shoots."

Salumeh took a deep breath. "And you expect me to carry on the tradition by getting naked to keep these people happy?"

"Basically, yes."

"Jeez, have all the women who close big deals with porn producers been secretly screwing them or something?"

"Screwing, fucking, sucking," Kimberly said. "Call it whatever you want. I really have to go soon. I'm meeting up with some friends in a few minutes."

"Wait! What am I supposed to do?"

Kimberly sighed. "What are you wearing? What's on top?"

"The usual. A blazer with a blouse underneath."

"Skirt?"

"Yes."

"Reach underneath and pull your panties off."

"Kim, I don't think..."

"Just do it," Kimberly said, striking a boss's tone. 

The mood had changed. This was no longer a conversation between close friends. This was now a command between boss and employee.

Salumeh swayed her hips from side to side as she pulled her skirt up, in broad daylight, sitting in her car, with her white panties exposed. Following her boss's orders, she shimmied her white panties down across her silky smooth brown thighs. Once they reached her ankles, she took the panties in her hands and her pussy was bare, and her ass was pressed on her car seat.

"I'm holding it," Salumeh said. "I'm looking at it. And my you-know-what is exposed down there."

"Smell your panties."

"Seriously?"

"Yes, seriously."

Salumeh pressed her panties to her face and smelled them, being ever mindful to look around to make sure no one saw this.

"Done," she said.

"What do you think?" Kimberly said.

"I love my brand of laundry detergent."

"But did you smell your natural fragrance? The aromas that only you can produce."

"I did, mildly."

"Hmm, I don't think I believe this," Kimberly replied skeptically. "Take a picture of your pussy and send it to me. Then I'll believe you."

Salumeh rolled her eyes. "Hang on a second."

In this day and age, Salumeh had a strict no-naked pictures rule. Not for dates, partners, no one. But this was business and she knew she could trust her boss to safeguard this type of sensitive information.

So she pointed the camera to her bare pussy and snapped a quick picture. Her legs were spread, and on the screen of her phone, she saw that she was wet. She sent the image to her boss.

"Okay, now I believe you," Kimberly said in an amusing way. "Nice pussy, too."

Salumeh sighed. "Thanks."

"Jesus, you're wet. You're really good at hiding your arousal. I wouldn't have known your pussy was in such a dire state from talking with you."

"Please delete the picture from your phone," Salumeh said.

"Fine, afterwards. Is your pussy still excited?"

"By the looks of things, yes."

"Excellent, you're ready. You've confirmed to me that the thought of continuing this house showing is exciting to you. A woman aroused and in-touch with her sexuality can do anything."

Salumeh paused for a moment. "Okay, I'll admit it. My pussy is wet. And it was actually kind of fun seeing Jonathan's penis and showing you my vagina. But doing a house showing like this? Are you kidding me?"

"Everyone else is going to be naked also. And like I said, these porn people have developed an immunity to naked white women. Naked white women are practically invisible to them now. But you have an edge here. That's why I delegated this job to you. I mean, who knows, maybe seeing a Persian woman like yourself might give them inspiration for certain scenes."

"Great, now I'm an agent, and a porn inspiration."

Kimberly turned upbeat. "Your commission will cover that. Have you forgotten? Trust me, I know how these people think. They're always thinking about the next big scene."

It was a fair point. The commission on this job would be the biggest of Salumeh's career. Not to mention the new clients she could potentially be making down the line if everything went well and her talents as a realtor impressed everyone in the room.

"I'll be naked then," Salumeh moaned one last time.

"Are you really that uptight about nudity? You've got a killer body. Besides, these are porn people, they've seen it all. You'll never have to deal with them once you secure a sale and finalize the contracts."

It was a fair point. This was a nice residential neighborhood. Salumeh lived about 20 minutes away in a small apartment downtown, in the heart of the city. She'd never met these people before. Chances were, she'd never see any of them again outside of work.

She also thought of the bright side to all this, besides money. Jonathan had long been the object of her secret fantasies. She used to watch his porn movies in college with a few other sorority sisters. It was something a few of them did before bed, where some of the more mischievous members thrived on playing those DVDs for others to watch. Salumeh used to masturbate in her bed before going to sleep, or in the bathroom when everyone else had dozed off.

Those classic porn movies were the awakening of her sexuality when she was a young woman. Now, as an adult, the effects of watching so much porn in college had carried over to her single life, living alone in her apartment. As much as she enjoyed masturbating to new porn online, her preferences still seemed to find a way back to what she had watched with her sorority sisters all those years ago.

"No one will find out, right?" Salumeh asked, almost sheepishly. "I mean, you're not going to tell anyone else about this, I'm assuming."

"If you pull this off, it would be an amazing story, but if you want it to be our secret, then that's fine. However, I'm sure the others will figure out how you made this sale."

"Well, then I guess it's time to join the club."

Kimberly laughed. "You definitely have the body for it."

"God, I'm regretting this already."

***

By the time Salumeh returned to the entrance of the home, Jonathan was still waiting there naked, but with a concerned look on his face.

"Is everything okay?" he asked. "I genuinely apologize if there was confusion anywhere."

She pursed her lips. "Just so we're clear, absolutely none of this will be filmed, correct?"

"Heavens no. I only film when everything is set in stone and I have the proper vision for my work. This is a plain old naked house showing, if that'll ease your nerves."

"That's a relief," Salumeh rationalized. 

She took charge and closed the door. Things escalated when the wife came down the stairs. The wife was around the same age as her husband, late 50's, and was naked as could be. The wife greeted Salumeh with a big smile and a hug, with bare breasts touching a nice office suit.

Now with 3 of them standing there together, Salumeh was the odd one, as she was the only person with clothes on. They talked and Salumeh quickly got acquainted with the wife. They were a sweet couple and once again it was explained how important this house was to them, and how much sentimental value was being left behind.

"Is any of that coming off?" the wife asked in a teasing manner, gesturing to Salumeh's pretty suit.

Salumeh conjured up her best smile. "Yes, of course. The house showing will be starting soon. Everyone else will be... you know... undressed too... correct?"

"That's correct. If you're nervous, please let me assist you. I've been in this business for decades. I know how to make a woman feel at ease."

Salumeh put her briefcase down. "Okay. I like the sound of that. I know I'm in good hands with the both of you."

With the vast experience this couple had in the porn industry, their hands gently descending upon Salumeh's body, gently removing each article of clothing she wore. They started with her outer top, removing her blazer and blouse. She stood in her white bra. 

Her body was smooth and brown. The curves were simply delicious and mouthwatering.

When the wife removed Salumeh's skirt, they found out she was bottomless and her pussy was exposed to them.

"I don't walk around pantyless," she blushed, wanting to clarify things. "I took off my panties off in my car."

Jonathan smiled. "So that's where you went. You could have done that here."

"I guess I needed a little push."

They did her bra next. Her breasts were curvy and her nipples were dark and large. The couple got a good look at them and Salumeh did her best to be brave for her clients. Their eyes roamed her body, as if appraising her. She wondered if this was due to so many years of evaluating women for the porn industry.

And if she wasn't naked enough already, they even reached down to remove her heels and stockings for her, leaving her barefoot on their floor. 
