 Chapter 5 – The Boat Trip

The rest of the day crawled by for Marie and Patrick. The tired to stay occupied but thoughts of Joe and Elaine kept creeping into their thoughts. Marie was so wet that she had soaked through two pairs of shorts and it was still hours until dark. She needed to cum in the worst way, just to take the edge off, so she headed upstairs to their bedroom.

Patrick was down at the dock with the rest of the family and Marie called to him asking if he could come give her a hand. Patrick excused himself and headed up to the cottage. When he got there he found Marie laying back on the bed completely naked with her legs spread wide. Beside her was a towel, bowl of water, soap and Patrick's razor.

"I thought I had better get ready for tonight. Just in case.", Marie said.

Patrick reached for the razor and asked, "Just how clean do you want to be?"

Marie thought for a moment before replying, "I know that you like for me to leave a little patch but why don't we go completely bare? I want to be silky smooth if things go they way we hope they do!"

Patrick grinned and got down to work. First he used the soap and water to get a good lather going and spread it between Marie's legs. Next he began using the razor in long sure strokes to remove all traces of hair from Marie's pussy. As he spread her lips apart apart he could see strings of cum dripping out of her cunt.

Patrick made sure that Marie was "silky smooth" by teasing her slit with his tongue. Marie's juices, which had been flowing before, were gushing now and he eagerly lapped them up. As his tongue darted her clit became even more engorged and began to slide out of its hood. Patrick took it between his lips and began to suck on it. Marie convulsed and her legs wrapped around Patrick's head pulling him even tighter against her clit.

Patrick continued to eat his wife's pussy until Marie begged him to fuck her hard. Patrick stood and pulled Marie's legs onto his shoulders and hammered his dick deep into her pussy. 

Marie pulled a pillow over her head and screamed into it before grabbing the edge of the bed and pulling herself to meet each of Patrick's thrusts. They were frantic at first but slowed to a fast but steady rhythm. Each of them was so lost in themselves that they completely forgot that the window was open.

Before he was ready to cum Patrick pulled out of Marie and stepped away to catch his breath.

"Get that cock back inside me big boy.," Marie demanded.

"Nope!," Patrick replied. "I'm going to save it for later."

"But I need it now!," Marie begged.

"Well, we both hope to get our a little later so let's get cleaned up and see what later brings. Besides if things don't work out you know I will take care of you!" Patrick explained.

Marie huffed and pouted but she did begin to get dressed. Patrick stood back and watched. He never grew tired of watching his beautiful wife in the process of getting dressed or undressed. There was something sexy about the unconscious way she moved that drove him wild.

Soon enough she was dressed and Patrick was as well. After a long, lingering kiss they headed back downstairs never having noticed the boat or people that had been watching them through the open window.

After dinner the family decided that they would head to the drive in to check out the double feature but Patrick and Marie declined saying that they had made plans with Joe and Elaine. Before long they had the cottage to themselves and it was getting darker. Patrick offered to make drinks but Marie reminded him that they had been promised margaritas. 

Frustrated Patrick slouched in one of the chairs and no sooner than he got comfortable there was a knock on the door. Elaine stuck her head inside and asked if they were ready to go. Patrick was out of the chair in a flash and was escorting the ladies down to the dock before either of them could say anything.

"Is he always this anxious?," Elaine asked Marie.

"We have been thinking about tonight and the two of you for most of the day.", Marie confessed.

Elaine grinned, "Us too!"

Patrick was admiring the two ladies asses as they led the way. Without even talking about it both ladies had worn short knit skirts and tank tops. Apparently neither had worn panties or they were the skimpiest thongs he had ever seen because there were no panty lines to be seen on either of the luscious asses in front of him.

"Hey, Patrick.," Joe called "You might want to keep one eye on the steps or we might be making a side trip to the ER."

Marie and Elaine turned and flashed killer smiles at Patrick who just shrugged and continued towards the boat. 

"Welcome aboard.", Joe greeted as he untied the lines and cast off. "Is everyone ready for a moonlit cruise to adventure?"

Everyone agreed that they were, a little nervous now that they were on the boat and headed out onto the lake. Elaine quickly poured drinks for everyone and it wasn't long before the ice was broken and the conversation got easier as the margaritas flowed. 

Joe guided the boat to a section of the lake that seemed to be unoccupied, a rarity most of the time during the summer but it was the middle of the week and many people had to work during the week. He dropped the anchor and they all settled back to talk. 

At first the conversation was about everyday things and was more of a getting to know you nature and everyone was relaxing and getting into the feel of the evening. Then Elaine dropped a bombshell.

"Patrick," she asked, "Just what were you doing to Marie this afternoon before you threw her legs over your shoulders and fucked her hard?"

Both Patrick and Marie just stared at each other for a second before Elaine and Joe burst out laughing.

"You forgot to close the window and we were passing by.", Joe explained. "It was everything I could do to get the boat stopped so that we could watch. Was it as much fun as it looked like it was?"

"Better!", Marie answered. "The only problem was that he didn't finish like I told him to."

"Really?", Elaine asked. "Why not?"

Marie grinned, "He wanted to save it for later."

Elaine was leaning so far forward that one of the straps of her tank top fell off her shoulder exposing most of her left breast. Marie licked her lips as she reached over and tugged the right strap off Elaine's shoulder and the tank fell to her waist exposing her full breasts and large nipples. 

Smiling Elaine leaned back to give everyone a good look at her tits then stared at Marie inquiringly. Marie not to be out done slipped out of her tank and leaned back too. The moonlight played over their skin and their nipples hardened in the cool breeze. Elaine's tanned skin and dark nipples contrasted with Marie's milky skin and pink nipples.

Patrick and Joe shared a look and took off their shirts. "We didn't want you ladies to have all the fun.," Joe said.

"We get to see you shirtless all the time," Marie said. "How about letting us get a look?"

"I agree!," Elaine echoed! "Drop 'em boys!"

"Why don't you two kiss first and then we will?", Joe said.

Neither of the women even hesitated. They leaned close their lips spreading eager to taste the other. Just before their lips touched they paused and their tongues reached out teasingly the tips meeting before they locked into a deep and passionate kiss. Marie's hand began to roam up Elaine's stomach until she was cupping her breast. Elaine moaned into Marie's mouth as her own hands began to explore.

They kissed and fondled each other for a couple of minutes before breaking apart. "Think we'll have something worth seeing now?," Marie asked? Both ladies looking towards the men's shorts.

Joe and Patrick both stood and their shorts were quite obviously tented from their erections. Simultaneously they turned their backs to the ladies and dropped their shorts.

"As cute as your asses are." Elaine said, "they weren't what we wanted to see. Am I right Marie?"

"Yes you are!," Marie answered.

Patrick and Joe turned slowly their cocks coming into view and the ladies smiled at what they saw. They were presented with two seven inch cocks similar but different from one another but both fully erect and throbbing.

"How about a quick dip?," Patrick asked diving into the water. 

The cold water of the lake felt like ice against his skin and he heard three more splashes quickly following his. As Patrick tread water two hands grabbed his cock and Marie and Elaine's heads popped out of the water right next to him. Joe wasn't too far behind and the girls were quick to grab his cock as well. What the girls were doing felt wonderful but the water was deep and they couldn't keep it up for long so they broke apart and swam around for a few minutes before climbing back into the boat.

Joe and Patrick went first so that they could watch the ladies climb aboard. Elaine was first and Patrick enjoyed watching her breasts bob as she climbed aboard. He grinned when we saw that she was shaved too.

Patrick watched Joe's face as Marie climbed aboard. The lust was evident as his gaze traveled from her breasts down to her pussy. When he realized that she was shaved a smile broke out on his face. Patrick knew exactly how he felt.

"So, where do we go from here?," Elaine asked.

"I love it when Patrick takes control.," Marie said "Why don't we let him take the lead and see where that takes us?"

Elaine and Joe quickly agreed to Marie's suggestion. 

"OK.," Patrick began. "Elaine when you look at Marie what is the first thing you want to do?"

"I want to run my tongue all around and inside her pussy.," Elaine answered.

"And you Marie," Patrick continued "What do you think of when you look at Joe?

Marie grinned, "I want to suck his big beautiful cock!"

"This is what we are going to do then.," Patrick began "Elaine I want you to lie down on the deck on your back."

As Elaine complied Patrick continued. "Marie I want you to kneel over Elaine's mouth and slowly lower yourself until she can reach your pussy." 

Marie did as she was told and gasped as Elaine's tongue began to tease the lips of her pussy. Elaine's hands moved up Marie's stomach and began to squeeze her tits. Marie's mouth opened as if to scream but no sound came out and her head arched back in pleasure.

"Joe let's get closer to Marie so she can suck both our cocks.," Patrick said.

"Yes Sir!," Joe replied. 

He and Patrick stepped closer to Marie and she reached out and took each of their cocks in her hands and began to stroke them while examining each. She watched as the tip of each man's cock produced a drop of glistening pre-cum. Smiling devilishly she slowly licked the drop from Joe's cock and it jumped in her hand as her tongue touched it. Marie smiled up at Joe as she opened her mouth and took his cock into her mouth and began to suck. With her other thumb she spread the pre-cum over the head of Patrick's cock as she stroked it.

After a minute or so, and at least one orgasm produced by Elaine, Marie switched and began sucking Patrick's rock hard cock. She marveled at the similar yet different taste and texture of the two men's cocks. 

Suddenly all thoughts were driven from Marie's mind as Elaine inserted two fingers into her pussy as she began to suck on Marie's clit as if it were a small dick. Marie pulled Patrick's cock from her mouth and thrust her hips downward to meet Elaine's mouth and fingers and her grip tightened on the men's cocks and she used them as leverage as wave after wave of orgasms coursed through her.

Elaine slid her middle finger out of Marie's cunt and began to tease Marie's ass. As she pressed gently Marie's rosebud opened and Elaine's finger slid inside to the second knuckle. Elaine began to slide her finger's in and out of Marie and squeezing them together so that she could feel both fingers through the skin separating them.

Marie gasped and pulled both cocks towards her mouth at the same time. Patrick and Joe's hips pressed together and Marie realized what she was doing. She smiled and continued pulling them towards her eager mouth wanting to suck both of them together.

Both men jumped a little as the tips of their cocks touched, but the feel of Marie's tongue and mouth drove any other thoughts from their minds. She opened her mouth as wide as she could and managed to get both of the heads into her mouth and her tongue darted around and between them. Marie moved her hands to fondle their balls and used her middle finger to tease close to their asses. Both men thrust forward as she did this and their cocks slid a little further into her mouth.

"Guy's," Elaine said, "If I don't get a dick in me soon I am going to scream."

"Patrick," Joe said, "Why don't you give Elaine a little attention? Like you did for Marie this afternoon."

"Yes Baby!" Marie said. "Fuck her good for me while I suck Joe's cock and she eats me."

Elaine begged, "Please Patrick fuck me now!"

Patrick moved between Elaine's legs and lifted them to his shoulders. The tip of his cock pressed gently against the lips of Elaine's pussy before sliding inside her. She was so wet from having eaten Marie's pussy Patrick had no trouble sliding inside and was buried to the hilt in two thrusts.

"Oh damn." Elaine grunted. She was going crazy with all of the sensations. The sweet, musky taste of Marie's pussy, the feel of her ass and breasts and now Patrick's cock filling her. She wasn't sure what to do or feel as wave after wave of orgasm coursed through her.

Patrick looked up at Joe and saw a familiar look on his face. "Do you want to cum in my wife's mouth Joe?," he asked.

"Oh yes and I will if she doesn't slow down soon.," Joe gasped. "Do you want to cum in my wife's pussy Patrick?"

"Yes I do Joe!, "Patrick said. "Want to cum together?"

"You'd better be ready to go now!", Joe said as he released a flood of cum into Marie's mouth.

Watching Joe cum in Marie's mouth drove Patrick over the edge and he shot his own load deep into Elaine's eager pussy.

They all shuddered in one large mutual surge of orgasm. Joe and Patrick stumbled back to sit down and Marie climbed off Elaine's face and brought her own close as if to kiss her. Instead she opened her lips and let a stream of Joe's drip into Elaine's mouth before kissing her deeply.

"Thank you.," Elaine said. "Will you get me a taste of Patrick's cum too please?"

Grinning Marie knelt between Elaine's legs and lapped eagerly at Patrick's cum as it slowly leaked out of Elaine's pussy. She made sure that she got a good sample of both Elaine and Patrick's cum before bringing her mouth back to Elaine's. This time their tongues met and swirled the combined juices together as they kissed deeply their hands roaming as they began to make love.

Patrick and Joe watched their wives enjoy one another and their spent cocks began to stiffen once again.

"Ladies," Joe began"Do we want to take this somewhere a little more private and comfortable?"

"Oh pooh.," Marie said. "Yes we had better because I haven't had a cock in my pussy or ass and I want one and I will need to scream without waking the whole lake."

Patrick turned to Joe. "How soon can you get us back to your cottage?"

Joe just grinned and started the boat.

To be continued....