 I walk through the lobby area to the exam room. The music on the office speakers is a little louder than usual...is that Prince?

I walk around the corner and enter the exam room. I swear I just saw the Dentist take his hand off the assistant's ass as I walk in. "Welcome, welcome" the dentist says, smiling widely "Have a seat in the exam chair please!" I raise an eyebrow and walk around to the front of the chair and sit down, realizing that this skirt might not be the appropriate attire for a dental exam.

"So" the assistant says "You are in for a checkup? Any area bothering you?"

"Um, no my teeth are pretty good, just...need a checkup, been a while..."

"Well then, let's see what we can do for you!" The dentist says. (Did he just adjust his cock? What the hell did I get into...? )

I sit back in the chair and the assistant leans me back and the Dentist begins to raise it up. The assistant is a brown haired, brown eyed girl, in her 30s I'd guess. As she leans in I realize just how tight her shirt is. She's wearing scrub bottoms but a tight button down blouse that doesn't really go with the bottoms and I get an eyeful of cleavage as she leans in over me, adjusting something on the back of the chair. The Dentist is in his late 30s, early 40s, sandy blonde hair, porn stache, slight but muscular, toned build. He brings the overhead light down and his crotch is right in my face. I look to my right and damned if he doesn't have a substantial bulge right at my eye level! I can see the outline of his cock head pressing against his scrubs. Fuck oh dear...it's growing...I feel myself get wetter by the second.

"Open wide and let's have a peek in there" he says

I look up at him and his assistant, leaning over me and smiling. I open my mouth and the Dentist begins to peer inside.

"MM, yes...yes...looks nice so far."

The assistant shifts and her pubic mound presses against my left hand on the chair arm. This is certainly not inadvertent. She begins to grind her pussy against my hand! She leans in, a little lower than the doctor and I feel her breasts against mine. I feel my nipples begin to harden...

The Dentist begins to run his finger along my lips as he looks in my mouth, slowly, suggestively. "MMM yes, looks delightful in there. Nurse, can you hand me a probe?" Nurse? Probe?

The assistant (Nurse?) eases her grinding against my hand. "Oh, no Doctor...the tools are not on the tray!"

"Hmmm, what to do?" (Is this guy a dentist or the mad hatter?)

"I know what'll work!" He says

He straightens up and unties his scrubs and a fat, 8 to 9 inch cock springs up. Nice and veiny, my mouth begins to water.

"That can reach everywhere she needs examined, I'm sure!" The assistant purrs as she cups and massages my breasts. We are now officially off the map and a wah-wah pedal guitar away from being 70's porn.

"Ok now, open back up darling!" The Dentist says

I close my eyes and open wide. He slides the tip of his cock along my lips. I suckle at the head. The assistant squeezes my tits before running her hands down my body, along my legs to my skirt hem. She rolls my skirt up and I arch to help her get it up as far as she can. She exposes my crotch and then coos "OOO, she's going commando! How convenient!"

Her fingers find my lips and begin to rub along my pubes and slit

The Dentist pushes his cock deeper into my mouth and I open wider to accommodate his cock. He begins to fuck my mouth in slow, easy pumps and I spread my legs wide for the assistant, my skirt now bunched up at my waist. She moves down and I feel her breath on my pussy before her tongue slips inside me. I moan on the cock in mouth and the dentist puts his hand on my head and holds it as he continues his pumping into my mouth. Nice, controlled thrusts. Love the feel of his veiny cock sliding in and out over my lips and tongue. 

It is becoming difficult to focus on the cock in my mouth because of the tongue in my twat. The assistant is tongue fucking me deeply, slipping a finger or two in every few moments and sucking on my clit as she does. The dentist apparently thinks the same, because he leaves me and moves behind his assistant and pulls her scrubs down over her ample ass. She has her mouth locked on my lips and is sucking my pussy lips when he slides his cock into her. She moans on my lips and clit but manages not break her suction. It sends pleasure shooting through my pussy as she does this. He pumps her from behind and she lets my lips go with a smack and starts licking my clit and fingering me in rhythm with his cock thrusts and soon it is a wave of orgasms. 

I start moaning and lifting my legs up as I drench the assistant's face. The dentist reaches down and around and fingers her clit as my orgasm subsides and soon the buxom dental assistant is screaming her own cries of pleasure. The dentist continues pumping her for a good couple of minutes after she is done and soon he is pulling his cock out of her and she and I move down as he shoots in our mouths and on our chins and cheeks.

I come back to reality as applause breaks out and I look to my left, cum dripping off my chin. A group of onlookers is standing behind a window, clapping and cheering, some cocks getting stroked feverishly. I look behind and there is a group of people standing in the doorway to the "lobby" and they are doing the same.

The dentist starts laughing as he catches his breath. "So glad this club has fetish rooms! Did we make your fantasy real enough for you?" He asks.

I smile and look around, wondering how I was so oblivious to the crowd that gathered during our little scene. I wipe my chin and smile..."Tastes plenty real!" I say...one more check off my list...