 At some point during the night, I woke to the feel of a warm palm gliding over my hip. The room was dark, and I didn't bother opening my eyes at first; I simply moaned in contentment and nestled deeper into the arms of the man holding me. 

It was only when I felt insistent yet gentle fingers sliding between my thighs and parting my outer pussy lips did I moan louder and open my eyes. I was sleepy and a little tender from being fucked so well just hours earlier, but when a hard cock prodded my lower back, I woke completely, and my hands began to do their own exploring.

I quickly realized that it was Sean who lay behind me, getting harder by the second as he played with my pussy. I was amazed at how quickly my body responded to his touch. Colin, who had fallen asleep with his arms around me, now stirred but didn't speak. I pressed my lips to his chest, and he released a soft sigh. 

Sean slipped a finger into my pussy and moaned when my muscles clenched around it. I was already getting wet, and I could easily hear Sean's finger moving in and out of my juicy cunt. 

Colin's mouth found mine in the dark, and he took my lower lip between his teeth, giving it a nip. I was already familiar with his proclivity for love bites, and I discovered that they made me all the more excited. As we kissed, his tongue was fervent inside my mouth, reminding me just how skilled he was with it. His hand moved to cup my breast and give it a gentle squeeze. I cried out, and the sound was muffled by Colin's lips.

When he broke the kiss, he and I were both breathing heavily. Sean was now giving my clit plenty of attention, and it swelled beneath his stroking fingers. I couldn't keep my hips from thrusting forward against Colin as my arousal intensified. Already I was aching to be filled. 

Colin laughed softly. "I think our baby girl wants a cock inside her again, Sean," he murmured, and his words sent a surge of heat straight to my cunt.

"Oh, I know she does," Sean said, his lips against my neck. "Her pussy is sopping wet."

"I really do," I said breathily. "But I'm so tired from before." A sly smile pulled at my lips, and I had no doubt that they could hear it in my words. "In fact, I can barely keep my eyes open, so I guess you both are going to have to settle for having your way with me."

I heard Colin's loud groan, and Sean's sharp intake of breath. "Oh, that's such a naughty girl," Colin said, giving my nipple a gentle tug. "Still so eager for cock even when she's worn out from all that fucking. I think I'm going to have to see this for myself."

He sat up and worked to turn on the bedside table lamp, his fingers moving blindly in the dark. When the soft light illuminated the room, I squinted my eyes, but my vision quickly adjusted to it. 

It was only because I already trusted both Colin and Sean that I was willing to let myself be helpless before them, and as Sean eased me over onto my back and spread my legs, I knew they would be tender with me. 

Colin lay at my side, gazing at me as he stroked my hair, while Sean sprawled out on his stomach, resting between my open thighs. He parted my folds with his fingers and then licked his lips. "Her beautiful pussy is already so flushed and swollen," he told Colin, who moaned in appreciation. When Sean coated his fingertips with my wetness, I whimpered, and Colin and I both watched as he brought those slick fingers to my right nipple and smeared my juices over the erect peak. "Taste her," he said to Colin. 

Colin lowered his head so he could slide his tongue over my nipple, lapping at the fluid making it glisten. "Fuck, she tastes so good," he whispered, then circled his lips around that sensitive nub and suckled. I held his head to my breast, releasing plaintive cries, and those cries grew much louder when Sean began licking my cunt. His enthusiasm for eating my pussy had only strengthened since he first knelt before me in the living room and pleasured me with his mouth. 

With Colin sucking my tit, flicking the tip of his tongue over my nipple, and with Sean's face buried between my thighs so he could alternate between tongue fucking me and fervently licking my clit, I began trembling and breathing hard. 

Colin lifted his head and stared down at me. "Ah, she's getting close," he told Sean. "See that blush spreading from her cheeks to her neck and chest, and all the way down to her tits?"

Sean gazed up at us and moaned as he licked my clit, his eyes heavy-lidded with arousal. I bucked my hips and pressed my pussy hard against Sean's face. He slid his palms beneath my ass, holding me slightly aloft so he could keep a firm seal around my clit with his lips. Oh my God, his mouth was driving me wild! The way he sucked my clit, using enough pressure to make that bud swell even more, caused me to cry out, and when his tongue began a steady flicker against my flesh, I began writhing.

Colin toyed with my right nipple, which was already pliant from his suckling. "Pinch it," I whispered to him. His eyes locked with mine, but he hesitated until I nodded. "I don't mind it a little rough."

He squeezed my nipple between his thumb and forefinger, gauging my reaction to make sure he didn't go too far. "Oh fuck!" I cried. My hips were rocking against Sean's face in a steady, frantic rhythm, as if I already had a cock inside me. He managed to keep his mouth latched onto my pussy, and Colin pinched my nipple in time with my thrusts until my body felt like one pulsing throb. 

"Gonna come!" The words emerged from my lips as a wail, and Sean licked even faster. Colin pressed his face against my neck, and I felt teeth on my skin. 

"Come for us, baby," he whispered, "but just know that we are far from finished with you."

His fingers, rough at my nipple, and his words hinting at so much more pleasure in store for me, made me surrender to an orgasm. My climax wrung my body, twisting me and then loosening its grip only to repeat the contractions until I was whining and gasping for breath, flailing on the bed. 

As Sean lifted his face from my pussy and planted tender kisses on my inner thighs, Colin brushed my tangled hair back from my face. "I love watching you come," he murmured as he gazed at me. "You completely abandon yourself to it."

I had barely begun to recover when both men sat up. Colin positioned himself above me, opening his legs and drawing me between them so I could rest my head on his thigh. I was very much aware of his erect cock near my face. He reached for a condom on the bedside table and handed it to Sean, then took hold of my wrists and held me fast. As he stared down at me, I could see arousal overtaking him as well. 

"Now you're going to be a good girl and let us have our way with you, just like you said, aren't you, Ella?" Colin asked, his voice thick with lust. 

I hurriedly nodded, then looked at Sean, who had sheathed his hard dick with the condom. The expression on his face was almost pained, and it made me realize just how much he needed to be inside me. "After the way you ate my pussy, I need you to fuck me, Sean, please..." I moaned, and he moaned as well, kneeling between my spread legs. His thick cock pulsed in his grip, and my cunt contracted in anticipation. 

Sean climbed off the bed, then grasped my hips and pulled me so that my ass was at the edge of the mattress. Colin moved along with us, and I found that I loved resting my head on his thigh, close enough to smell his musky scent. His hands circling my wrists made me even more excited. 

As Sean stood beside the bed and positioned my body just how he wanted it, I bit down on my lip. He began gliding his cock between my pussy lips from my entrance to my clit. 

"You're so ready for him to stretch your pussy with his thick cock, aren't you?" Colin demanded. 

"Yes," I said, the word sounding like a sob, and Sean moaned. Colin was breathing fast, clearly excited at the thought of seeing me get fucked. 

Sean entered me with a powerful thrust, and I cried out as his girth filled my pussy with a pleasurable ache. "Oh, my God," I panted. "Fuck, your cock feels so good!"

Both Sean and Colin grinned at my eagerness. Looking up at Colin, I saw that his stare was riveted on my pussy taking every inch of Sean's cock. His own dick was throbbing with his heartbeat. 

With Sean gripping my legs, holding me open so he could fuck me with a satisfying rhythm, and with Colin grasping my wrists, I felt vulnerable, nearly powerless, and I found that I loved it. 

Sean was pumping away between my thighs, his jaw clenched as he stared down at our bodies connecting, and I could tell by the way he was shaking that he was getting closer to his own climax. Still, it was obvious that he was exerting a great deal of effort to last.

"Christ, he's giving that pussy a pounding!" Colin said with a gleeful smile. His comment seemed to spur Sean to fuck me even harder, and I felt his balls slapping against me. "How does it feel, Ella?" Colin asked. "You can't get enough of his cock, can you?"

"No, because you two have turned me into a naughty little slut," I gasped, making them both cry out. While Sean was focused on giving me as much pleasure as he could with his hard dick, he didn't speak, but I thought that he enjoyed Colin's dirty talk as much as I did. 

Colin eased me into a half-sitting position, grasping a handful of my hair so he could angle my head downward and make sure that I saw Sean's cock thrusting in and out of me. The wet flesh of my pussy cinched around Sean's shaft, holding on with a firm grip that gave me intense pleasure. 

Now I was shaking, and with the way Sean was trembling, I was surprised he had managed to hold out this long. "Rub her clit," he ordered Colin. 

With his free hand, Colin used a frenzied pace to stroke my clit. He was relentless even as I whimpered and begged. "Please!" I shrieked. I was pleading for him to stop, because the sensation was just too much, and I was begging Sean to make me come. I was desperate and out of my mind, lost to the power of my lust.

"Come for us, baby girl," Colin urged. The tenderness in his voice even as he furiously rubbed my clit made my body obey his command, and I spasmed so hard that Sean let out a shout. 

"Oh, Christ, I can feel you coming so hard around my cock!" he panted. "Fuck, I can't hold out any more..."

"Come!" I wailed, going limp in Colin's arms as I let Sean grab my hips and pound me, driving his dick so deep inside my cunt that I felt my muscles contracting once more. Those spasms brought forth Sean's own climax, and as he came, his jaw went slack. Low continuous groans emerged from him as he shuddered.

When he finally eased out of me, I could feel my stretched pussy still clenching, and I fell back against the bed. My breathing hadn't even begun to slow when Colin seized hold of me and guided me into the position he wanted me, on my back with my head resting on my pillow.

After Colin put on a condom, he lowered himself onto me, and for a long moment, he gazed down into my eyes. I saw such desire in his face that I lifted my head, seeking his mouth. 

Sean had taken off his condom and discarded it, and he now lay beside us, his hand idly gliding over my skin as Colin and I kissed. When Colin's mouth moved lower, over my neck and to my left breast, I brought my lips to Sean's, eager for his tongue. I could taste my pussy while kissing him, and his beard held the scent of my juices. 

Colin latched onto my breast, suckling with a force that took my breath. Then I felt his teeth bite my nipple, so gently that I felt almost no pain, but the sensation still caused me to shriek into Sean's mouth. Before I could begin to gather my wits, Colin slid his sheathed cock between my folds, coating it with my juices, and then he entered me.

Instead of wrapping my legs around Colin, I kept them open so Sean could easily see his friend fucking me. The smell of my sex filled the air. Colin braced himself on his hands, lifting off of me and pounding my pussy hard and fast, and the sight seemed to captivate Sean as he teased my right nipple with his fingers. 

I stared up at Colin, struck by the expression of need on his face, his features tense as he claimed my cunt. "Ah, your pussy feels amazing!" he said.

"Take it," I cried, and let my body go limp, with my legs spread wide and my hands resting above my head. I offered absolutely no resistance, and the force of his fucking made my tits bounce.

Sean caressed my face. "You're so beautiful taking all of his cock," he breathed. 

"I'm not going to last as long," Colin said through his teeth. "Fuck, I need to come. Sean, reach between us and give her clit plenty of attention."

"No!" I wailed, beginning to writhe as I grew ever more excited at the prospect of being made to come again.

Colin immediately realized what I was doing, and he grinned. "Oh, now that's not very nice of you, Ella! You let us have our way with you while Sean fucked you, and now you're resisting once I'm inside you? I don't think so, sweetheart. Sean, hold her down and rub her clit."

Sean hesitated, his eyes locking with mine. I understood that he was uncertain, and he wasn't about to make me do something I didn't want to. I gave him an almost imperceptible nod, and a soft smile, and then he grinned before grabbing both of my wrists in one of his large hands and pinning them above my head. When the fingers of his other hand snaked between my thighs, I whimpered and arched my back, but I was careful not to wriggle so much that Colin would have a hard time staying inside me. 

I struggled against Sean's hold on my wrists, but he kept a firm grip on me, breathing hard as he furiously rubbed my clit. "Please, I can't..." I gasped. 

"Sean, make her come!" Colin cried, and I knew he was right on the edge, just as I was. 

Sean was merciless as he stroked me, and then he brought his lips to my ear and whispered, "Be a good girl and come for us, Ella," 

I surrendered to my climax at that moment, bearing down with my lower body even as my cunt drew Colin's cock farther inside.

"Oh fuck... Fuck!" I shrieked, shuddering and crying out before Sean gave me a deep kiss. I heard Colin roar at the force of his own orgasm, and he thrust deep into my pussy, holding himself there as his body grew taut. I found myself wishing that he could spill all that hot cum inside me. The thought of his semen filling my cunt made my body seize once more, and my face was damp with sweat as I broke my kiss with Sean and gulped in a lungful of air. 

Colin slowly pulled out and removed the condom, and then he and Sean lay down on either side of me. I gazed up at the ceiling, my tits rising and falling with my heavy breaths. "Just when I thought our fucking couldn't get any better..." I whispered.

Colin turned over on his side so he could look at both me and Sean. "Is it wrong that I got so fucking excited when you pretended to resist us?" he asked me.

I couldn't help but grin. "No, because I got really excited, too."

Sean propped himself up on an elbow. "At first I wasn't sure what the hell was going on. It seemed like Colin was forcing you, and you were saying no, but then I saw your face, and I realized you didn't mean what you said..." 

I cupped Sean's face in my hands and drew him to me so I could kiss him. "You're both wonderful, and I trust you completely," I whispered. "So I felt safe acting out the fantasy of you two having your way with me and overpowering me. But I should have made that clearer," I told Sean. "I'm sorry."

"It's okay," he assured me. "Once I understood that you were into it, I got really fucking turned on."

I looked from him to Colin. "I know it's easy to get carried away in the heat of the moment, and none of us are mind readers," I said. "So if you ever do something that makes me truly uncomfortable, I'll say 'lavender.' That will be our safe word."

"And we'll stop immediately," Colin said. "That sounds like a good plan."

Sean nodded, then slipped an arm around me so he could hold me close. As he kissed me, I felt Colin stroke my hair. "Colin and I are two lucky bastards," Sean said. "We both want to do whatever it takes to keep you happy, Ella."

"Absolutely," Colin said.

I grinned. "Just keep fucking me with those gorgeous cocks, and you'll make me plenty happy."

*

I was the first to wake in the morning, and when I slowly stretched, Colin and Sean began stirring as well. I was a little nervous that things would be awkward between us in the light of day, but the two of them only smiled at me, their eyelids still heavy with sleep. I leaned to give each of them a brief kiss, then said, "I'll make us some breakfast."

I climbed out of bed, grabbing my robe on the way to the bathroom. The day outside was gloomy, and I could hear rain pattering against the window. As I walked, I felt the tenderness in my cunt from all the fucking of the night before, and I realized I enjoyed the sensation, for it was a constant reminder of both Sean and Colin striving to give me as much pleasure as they could while seeking their own.

After I finished in the bathroom, I went to the kitchen to make a large batch of scrambled eggs with buttered toast, then poured three glasses of juice. When the two men joined me, now dressed and with their tousled hair somewhat tamed by my hairbrush, they descended on the food as if they hadn't eaten in days, and I couldn't help but laugh. "You two worked up quite an appetite, I see."

They both grinned, and then Sean looked across the table to study my face. "How are you feeling this morning, Ella?"

I drew in a deep breath and slowly released it in a contented sigh. "Very nice and relaxed. I think you both fucked every ounce of tension from my body last night."

My words obviously pleased them. "Well, any time you're feeling tense, we'll be more than happy to help you out with that," Colin said. 

Once we finished eating, they helped me clean up the kitchen, and then I cut into the birthday cake so I could send a large portion of it home with them. "Lasagna and cake," I said as I placed the containers into a bag for them. "You've got lunch taken care of for today."

As we stood in the kitchen, with Sean holding the leftovers, the first bit of awkwardness crept into the silence between us. I guessed that we were all wondering where we would go from here. 

Sean cleared his throat and gave Colin a sideways glance. "Uh, I think I speak for both myself and Colin when I say that we had a great time last night," he began. Colin quickly nodded his agreement. "I would certainly love to do it again if you wanted to, Ella, and I'm sure Colin would as well. But neither of us want you to think that we'll be... um..." He shifted his weight from one foot to the other, clearly trying to choose the right words.

"We don't want you to think we'll be wearing out our welcome," Colin finished for him, and Sean gave him a grateful look. "We both think you're absolutely amazing, and last night was one of the best of my life, but what happens from this point forward... well, the ball's in your court, Ella."

I smiled softly. "I understand." Once again, I was in awe of how wonderful they both were. It meant a lot to me that after what we had shared, they wanted me to know they cared about me as a friend and neighbor, and they didn't want me to feel pressured in any way.

I gave Sean a deep, lingering kiss, which he eagerly returned, and then I kissed Colin, who was very generous with his tongue. "I'll see you both soon," I whispered when I pulled away. "Thanks for making my birthday amazing."

They each gave me a hug before they left, and when I was alone once more, I realized how empty the place already seemed without them. I knew it was just a comedown from all the excitement of the night before, but I felt a shadow of sadness pass over me as I went to the bathroom to take a long, hot shower. 
