 "Shit," demanded Simon, "What the fuck is he doing to her in there?"

Simon was referring to the fact that he and I had both been brought out of our rooms by the moans of the chick coming from my frat brother Jamie's room across the hall.

"Sounds like he's showing her one hell of a good time," I replied.

"But it's one o'clock in the fucking morning," whined Simon, "I got a term paper due tomorrow."

"Dude," I said, peering past him and into his room to observe that his light and computer were still on, "It doesn't look like you were sleeping anyway. If you'd spent more time working on that paper a few hours ago, instead of jerking off to that sorority porn site, you'd be done by now."

Simon at least had the good grace to look halfway guilty, while I was uncomfortably aware that I sounded more like his mother than his frat brother. Plus I'd been the one who had introduced him to that porn site in the first place.

Just then we heard another chorus from across the hallway, as the girl cried out, "Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck! Oh! Oh! Aah! Yes! Aaaaah! Yes! God! Yes!"

This was followed by a series of loud pitched squeals of delight and some raucous moans of pleasure. I'll give the girl some credit; she had a healthy set of lungs. And it sounded like she was finally nearing an orgasm.

Simon and I were standing in the doorway of our respective bedrooms. He was wearing only a pair of jeans and I was wearing nothing but a pair of dirty boxers.

"I saw the girl come in earlier," Kelly the Red told us as he walked out of his room, "She looked like a pretty fine piece of ass."

Kelly was so named because of his flaming red hair. He scratched his balls as he walked to the communal bathroom to take a piss. What he said was entirely true, as I had seen her myself about an hour ago. She was a leggy blonde, with an ass so round and beautiful you wanted to bend her over and fuck her just about everywhere. Her tits were pretty great too. Jamie had had a thing for blondes ever since I'd helped him lose his cherry our freshman year of college.

We'd been best mates ever since then.

"You can't get sore if he wanted to tap some of that ass before going to bed," hollered Kelly from the open door of the bathroom, "But if he was going to keep us all awake all night he could've at least left the door open."

Kelly was referring to a long standing custom of our frat house. When guys get together in a frat, as you can imagine, the masculine atmosphere can be pretty powerful. It was even worse in our house because my frat had been known on campus from the turn of the last century onwards as the frat that could score. And we liked to share with one another. If you got a girl, and you thought she was willing, you left your door open and guys could come into the room and watch, or more usually take a turn.

"I hear that!" I called back to Kelly.

"Well," said Simon begrudgingly, "Pussy or not, I gotta finish this paper."

"Put on some headphones," I said, laughing at him, "Then turn off the porn site and get to work."

"Later," said Kelly heading back into his room.

I turned to go back into my room as well. The chick was starting to moan again, and this time I heard Jamie grunting and the bedsprings squealing. I knew Jamie well enough to know that he was going to fire off his load soon, so maybe they'd finally give it a rest and let us get some sleep. And by this time I was aware that I was springing a boner myself. And once my big balls start churning, I'd need some release. Reaching down, I massaged my growing length through the flannel. It was nearly ten inches long and very thick. Guess I needed to put down the monster if I was going to relieve the sexual frustration and get some sleep. I also wanted to take advantage of listening to the live action sound effects coming from Jamie's room while I did so. I left my door open so as not to muffle the noises any further and sat down at my computer to check out the hardcore videos from the very website I had just warned Simon to stay off of.

I wasn't worried about anyone walking in on me yanking on my stick. Jamie and I lived at the end of the hallway on the third floor in two pretty great rooms and no one came down that end of the hall unless they were specifically coming down to see us, since the bathroom that we shared with Simon and Kelly and a few other dudes was further up the hall by the staircase and near Kelly's room. If anyone was going to spy on me they'd have to be coming from Jamie's room, which was pretty unlikely at this point.

A few minutes past and I started watching videos with eastern European porn stars in them. There were a couple of well hung guys that I was used to seeing in a few of the videos nailing some incredibly beautiful women. I got really hard, really fast and my hand stroked the contours of my dick which pressed uncomfortably against the flannel fabric, tenting it. A lot of the porn guys had pretty thick, long dicks, which they used to plow into those tight holes. I opened one video that had a guy and a brunette together. The window on the computer showed the intensity of the actors, if you could call them that. He kissed and fondled her with such passion that it made me wish I was him even more. And this was a chick born to make men hard. Her tits were round, with beautiful dark nipples pointing out. Unlike many other chicks you see, this girl looked like her tits were real. He sucked her out for a long time and I loved her pussy. The folds of her labia were hanging out like petals on a flower and when the dude pulled the skin away from her pussy to expose that hole, it shown with a bright, fiery light. His tongue lapped at her, as she had lapped at his cock earlier, and you know the guy didn't need to take Viagra to get it up for this scene.

I was vaguely aware that there had been a pause from the other bedroom, but the noise started again which signaled that Jamie must have gone on to round two. His girl was moaning now, but in a slow steady fashion that told me Jamie had changed the pace somewhat to take his time with the second penetration.

But my thoughts were less on them and more on the girl on screen. After a couple minutes watching this I couldn't take it anymore and I pulled my long dick and big balls out of my boxers. These porn stars on the screen might have genuinely big dicks, but I've only ever seen two guys with dicks like mine. One was a dude in a whore house I went to once in high school, who wasn't actually longer, but he had been wicked thick. The other guy was a big black dude named Bronx that I was in unit in the Marine Corps after college. And, hell, Bronx was just a wonder of fucking nature that put all other men to shame.

My cock was in my big fist and I was pumping, tugging and pulling on it, feeling the sticky dampness of precum coat my fingers, helping to lubricate my motion along with my foreskin. My eyes were glued to the computer screen. And the guy in the movie didn't even bother to remove the girl's panties, which implied an urgency to their love making that was an even bigger turn on for me. When he entered her, with her skirt hiked up, he impaled her pussy on the dining table, leaning his tall frame back somewhat while lifting her ass up to position himself to slip inside, though you couldn't quite see him actually do it from that angle. It was like he was in the middle of riding a bucking bronco. And you could imagine what you couldn't see. And that was almost as good, and in some ways even better. He was still wearing his shirt and pants on his wiry, muscular frame, but his ass was uncovered to expose his cock as the jeans were pushed down around his thighs. Then he leaned her back onto the table and I enjoyed watching his ass muscles clench as he nailed her hard from on top. Then the shot switched to this view from beneath them as that long, slick cock slid in and out of her. The shots of his cock entering that pussy were fantastically close. Her tits jiggled with every thrust he made.

And I really wanted that pussy, any pussy, badly.

Fuck she was hot. And he was a lucky man to get paid to fuck.

But by that point I just needed to cum. And I groaned as I felt my steely hard shaft erupt with hot juice, firing a projectile of cum up into the air and against my broad, bare chest. The next few shots landed closer to home as the remaining jizz just spilled out around my pumping fist. I sighed my satisfaction as I reached for a tissue from the desk to start cleaning myself up. The clock on the nightstand read one thirty, and I realized that I'd been jerking off for about a half an hour.

"Good job man," said a voice from the doorway.

I looked up and saw Jamie standing there, wrapped in a towel. It wouldn't be the first time that he caught me masturbating, nor seen my exposed cock, which I was actually still stroking.

"I was kinda hoping you were still awake," he told me.

"Well," I said, "Your chick had me all worked up, and I needed to do something about it."

"Sorry about that," he said, still grinning, "Nikki howls a bit louder than my granddaddy's old basset hound. She has a very sensitive pussy."

"Dude," I said, motioning towards my softening dick for emphasis, "You're telling me? I was starting to wish you'd left the door open."

"Well it's open now," he said lasciviously.

I caught his eye, assuming he was joking. But Jamie was serious. I could see it in his gaze.

"You sure?" I asked him.

"Yeah," he replied almost fondly, "She's just a lay. And it's been a while since you and I had a girl together."

"You'll really like her," he added, "She reminds me a bit Leslie."

Leslie was a girl we used to share off and on during freshman year.

"Well you know me dude," I stated enthusiastically, "Sloppy seconds have never been a problem."

"Okay," he went on, "Look, I'm gonna take a piss and talk to Kelly for a minute. Just crawl into bed with her and take your time. The rubbers are in the top drawer next to the bed."

Being not only frat brothers and former freshman roommates, Jamie and I also played football for the college. We'd both lifted weights pretty intensely too for a number of years, in my case since I was thirteen. He stood about six feet and I was slightly taller, but we both had similar powerful, well muscled builds. I was around two hundred, twenty muscled pounds, and Jamie wasn't much lighter. About the only real difference between us was in the size of our dicks. Mine was freaky, his was far closer to average.

I watched Jamie walk past the door up to the bathroom, and I didn't need to be told twice or I might not get a second chance. The one thing I did though was grab a couple foil wrapped Magnum XLs from my desk drawer. I'd stolen rubbers from Jamie before when I'd run out and I knew that his regular Magnums just weren't big enough to fit on me comfortably. With my supply in hand I entered the room and for a moment the light from the hallway illuminated the place. Heavy curtains were drawn and no light from outside spilled in. Nikki's back was to the door, as she lay on the bed. Only one thin sheet covered her up to the waist. Her back was smooth and pale in the light, and I quickly thought the better of leaving the door open too long, in case she turned around to look at me.

With the door shut the room was plunged into near total darkness and I would have been in trouble if I hadn't known the layout of the place. My mind was working extra hard that night, and I walked over to where Jamie kept his condoms and opened the drawer, faking reaching in to grab a condom. I put my extras in the drawer and set one on the nightstand.

Nikki heard me and turned her head around to look at me in the darkness, but it was too dark to see each other clearly.

I did not speak, but climbed into the bed and spooned against her back. She felt very warm and I was hard, my cock lodged against the crack of her ass.

"Jamie," she asked whispering, "Are you ready to go again baby? Don't you want some sleep? Damn! You feel huge. You're insatiable big guy."

She had no idea how true that statement was.

I responded by reaching around and finding her cunt. It was wet and moist from how worked up Jamie had gotten her during their earlier sessions and I was aware of how badly I wanted a piece of that pussy.

I slid my hands down her body, and for the first time, cupped that amazing ass in my hands. I wedged myself tightly against her. The touch of her skin on mine sent bolts of electric desire up my body, and down to my thighs. A sigh escaped from my mouth as I rubbed her ass with my iron hard member, and she brought her arms up around my neck, pulling my face against hers.

While I nuzzled the sensitive places around her earlobe, I slowly ran the tips of my fingers down from the full mound of her breast until I felt the hot, wet moisture of her treasure. She stiffened involuntarily beneath me as the digits of my fingers trailed along her sensitive slit. All I did was caress the entrance to her needy pussy, never penetrating her. She moaned urgently, clearly wanting more. 

Nikki reached behind her to run her hand down my chest, continuing downward until she was clutching my hard cock.

"Oh my God!" I heard her exclaim.

I decided that discretion was the better part of valor, but I knew what she meant.

"Your dick is so big!" she said, and then after a pause, "Who are you?"

She rolled over onto her side to face me, swinging a sexy leg onto mine. My eyes had adjusted to the dim light and I saw her gaze at me penetratingly. Her leg was bent at the knee; she was opening herself up wider for me. Her pussy was soaking wet, and my fingers were covered with her flowing juices as I ran them around the bottom of her ass and pussy. 

"You're one of Jamie's frat brothers aren't you?" she asked me, but she didn't seem too mad.

"Guilty as charged," I said, cocky as hell, with a wide smile.

My dick was dangerously close to her inviting slit.

"Marc, right?" she continued, "Where is he?"

"He had somewhere else to be and he didn't want you to get lonely," I told her, which was at least partly true.

Even though I didn't care about the truth.

"Do you want me to stop?" I inquired, hoping she wouldn't say yes.

"Depends on how good you are," she breathed, her lips near mine.

"Oh," I said leaning in for the kiss, "I'm very, very good."

She smiled at me and her hand reached eagerly down and wrapped itself around my humongous cock. I felt her moan into my mouth as our lips finally met, and her hand squeezed my manhood causing bolts of pleasure to shoot through me. It was Nikki who broke our kiss, panting as she looked at me with those deep, gorgeous eyes. I watched her look down at my chest in the dim light of the room, and then she bent towards me as she kissed the smooth skin covering my pectoral muscles softly. I rolled onto my back, watching this hot piece of ass slowly kiss towards my nipple. The whole time, her hand was stroking my giant cock. I watched her pink tongue dart out of her mouth and lightly lick my nipple. She sucked it inside, briefly. Then Nikki slowly kissed down my stomach, kissing and licking each muscle in my six pack.

Finally she stopped as she got closer to my thighs. She sat up, wrapped her fingers around my monster dick, and she bent towards it. As she held my rigid cock straight up in the air, I swept her long hair over to the other side of her head so that I could see what she did next. I watched her pink tongue stick out of her mouth and softly lick the side of my manhood. She ran her tongue around the mushroom head of my thick dick. Then Nikki ran her tongue across the top, running it over the tiny hole of my piss slit as her hand held me straight up in the air. I raised my hips off the bed a little, urging her to take me into her mouth. And she took the hint, opening her mouth and slowly easing her lips around the head of my dick. She slowly eased more of me into her mouth, her lips sliding a couple of inches further down my rock hard prick. This girl's beautiful mouth was boning me so hard. She slowly pulled me out of her mouth, and kissed the tip, and then she slipped me back inside, squeezing the base of my cock as her mouth again slid down my pole once again.

I had a clear view of her lips sliding up and down my cock. God, I was fucking that gorgeous face!

Her mouth made wonderful sucking sounds as it went gliding up and down my pole in that slow, deliberate fucking manner she was using. And she was sucking on me like a vacuum cleaner. I could tell that she'd had a whole lot of experience doing this, and she was putting it to some incredibly good use. I leaned on my arms and reached, sliding my hand as far down her back as my long arms would take me until I was able to place my big hand on her smooth ass, and then I squeezed her soft cheeks as I subtly writhed my crotch up into her face. 

After a while I didn't know what came over me then, but I needed the taste of those sweet lips. I used my other hand to reach underneath her chin and lift that beautiful countenance to look into my eyes. They met mine and my dick slipped out of her mouth with a string of saliva still clinging to her pouty bottom lip. Gently, I urged her with that same hand forward, and she obliged, crawling back up the bed towards me. Her searching lips quickly found mine, and I was caught off guard by how aggressively Nikki was returning my kiss. Her tongue eagerly darted into my mouth, and her mouth pressed hard against mine.

I kissed her back just as hard, and with passion, rolling her over onto her back in the process. My muscled leg squeezed in between hers, and she parted her legs for me in response. Our lips smacked loudly and the sound of our breathing hung heavy in the silent air, punctuated occasionally by the noises of the city outside in those early morning hours. My dick firmly rested against her naked pussy, with nothing between us. It was only my restraint at that point that kept me from penetrating her. Her feet caressed my calves, her hands ran up and down the muscles of my back and side, and we rubbed against one another, as I began to writhe against her. I ground the length of my manhood up and down against her, pressing hard into her moist flesh, as she writhed her ass up off the bed equally as hard. Nikki's pussy was so wet and I could feel the lips swollen from Jamie's dick earlier and her flesh was touching the hot shaft of my dick unhindered as we ground against one another.

I broke the kiss afraid in my excitement that I might penetrate my buddy's girl without a condom. Most restrained, my lips kissed down her cheek and neck. Then I softly nipped at her earlobe, and my kisses continued back down her neck. I could feel her heavy breathing on the top of my head as I kissed down to her chest. Her big nipples were dusky pink, and I was quick to bend and suck one into my mouth.

"Oh, that's it," she sighed. 

I squeezed her one breast as my mouth sucked on the nipple of her other one. Then I released her nipple from my teeth and began to kiss down her smooth stomach, kissing over her belly button, and then kissing the top of her shaved pussy. Her swollen pussy lips were exposed to me and I tenderly placed my lips on them, as I felt them quiver at my touch. 

"Christ..." she moaned softly, opening her legs a little wider and raising her feet in the air on either side of his head.

I guess she wasn't going to throw me out at this point, even if I wasn't the lover she'd started the evening with. So I sucked her sensitive lips into my mouth, pulling them outward from her body. I ran my tongue up and down them rapidly. Nikki was really enjoying this and I tasted her flowing pussy juices, lapping at her lips and sucking all the fluids into my mouth like a thirsty man in the desert.
