 Chapter 6 -- Back to the Cottage

Joe guided the boat expertly through the dark waters and he and Patrick watched as Elaine and Marie made out in the front of the boat. None of them had bothered to put clothes back on as they were just going to have to take them back off.

Marie had taken one of Elaine's nipples into her mouth and was sucking it like a mad woman. Elaine's head was thrown back against the seat and her lips were parted in a silent scream as she entwined her fingers in Marie's hair.

"Marie has a very talented mouth," Joe began "Thank you for letting me experience it."

"It's not like you aren't ever going to get it again.," Patrick replied. "I think that the four of us are going to have a lot more fun before it is all said and done."

"God I hope so!," Elaine said winking at the guys. "You two look like you could use some more attention."

Patrick and Joe glanced at each other and saw that each of their cocks was back at attention again. Laughing Patrick reached over and grabbed Joe's cock. 

"Well since you two are busy why don't I take care of it?," Patrick said jokingly giving Joe's cock a little squeeze.

That got the attention of both ladies. "Go ahead.," they said simultaneously.

"Ummm," Patrick said letting go of Joe's cock.

"Why'd you do that?" Joe asked. "Your hand felt pretty good."

Patrick stared around realizing that his joke had backfired on him somehow. Suddenly Joe and the ladies all burst into laughter and Patrick was able to take a deep sigh of relief.

"Oh Babe," Marie said through a fit of giggles, "If you could only have seen your face."

Thankfully Patrick was saved as they had reached the dock at the cottage and they all rushed to gather clothes and tie off the boat. They all continued to laugh and giggle as they ran to the cottage eager to continue their adventure.

Once inside Marie stepped into Joe's embrace and Patrick found Elaine wrapped in his arms. Lips and hands roamed wildly and Patrick and Marie found themselves being led toward a large den area with a deep pile carpet in front of a fireplace. They had been in this cottage before but it was all feeling quite new to them especially in the arms of their new lovers. Joe quickly lay Marie down and dove between her legs laving her furiously while Elaine had pushed Patrick into a nearby recliner and was gobbling his cock ravenously.

As Patrick watched Joe suck Marie's clit he felt himself growing in Elaine's mouth and she purred in appreciation. Patrick smiled as Marie came on Joe's face her back arching and her thighs trapping him between them. He wished that we was the one between her legs but Joe seemed to be doing an excellent job.

Elaine brought Patrick's attention back to her as she began to toy with his ass. Before he knew it she had sunk her middle finger into him and was beginning to fuck him apace with the strokes of her mouth. Patrick's moan of ecstasy was loud and long as he reveled in the lavishing he was receiving.

Marie hearing Patrick's moan forced Joe into a 69 and began to finger his ass. She popped Joe's cock out of her mouth long enough to say, "I couldn't let Elaine have all the fun or Patrick all the pleasure." Joe could only grunt in reply but he continued to suck Marie's flowing cum from her pussy. Not to be outdone though Joe inserted two fingers into Marie's sopping pussy quickly sliding one well lubed finger into her ass. Marie's whole body convulsed with the shock wave of pleasure that racked her body.

Elaine looked up at Patrick and said, "If you don't stick your cock in me soon I don't know what I'll do."

Patrick lay down on the plush carpet next to Joe and Marie and pulled Elaine astride him. Elaine poised over his throbbing cock before slowly, agonizingly enveloping him inch by inch. As she rode Patrick's cock he reached up and squeezed her tits hard crushing them together before pulling them to his face so he could bite and suck her nipples.

"Oh baby," Marie said "Suck those nipples. They taste soooo good don't they?"

"They are amazing!," Patrick agreed greedily sucking Elaine's nipples deep into his mouth and twisting his tongue around them. 

"Oh God," Elaine cried. "His tongue is amazing Marie."

"Wait until you feel it on your clit.," Marie replied climbing atop Joe her pussy devouring his cock. She and Elaine were now face to face and they leaned together their mouths meeting in a passionate kiss. 

Both men began to buck their hips to meet the ladies downward thrusts. Marie and Elaine matched their savage thrusts and slow loving transformed into a primal fuck each body striving, yearning for release. Orgasmic need rushed over them and Joe exploded just a second before Patrick both men spraying hot, sticky spunk into the depths of Elaine and Marie's convulsing pussies.

Spent they collapsed in a heap their breath coming in ragged gasps and sweat soaking their bodies. Desire still coursed through them and they made a daisy chain with Patrick and Joe sucking their cum out of Elaine and Marie as the ladies cleaned their cocks.

"Wow!," Elaine exclaimed. "You were right Marie. His tongue is magical."

"Oh Sweetie, I know! I'm so glad for you, but Joe is pretty damn good too.," Marie said as her body shook with her release.

Slowly as desires were sated and exhaustion set in the four moved into an erotic cuddle. Hands that had groped in lust just a short time before now caressed luxuriating in the feel of each others flesh. Hands slowed as they drifted off to sleep the smell of sex heavy in the air and on them.

To be continued...