 Claudia was the perfect woman. Her long legs seemed to stretch on forever and her level of perversion was intriguing. Dusty sat as his computer screen jacking off to her photos again. Was she a real person? He wasn't sure but at this point, his dick didn't care. He just needed to get off again. He had never cum this much in his life. It was like Claudia had tapped into something in his brain that had released more cum than ever before. He felt the need to re-read her messages to him. He reviewed them closely.

"Would you do anything for me?" she asked.

"Yes," he had answered. He didn't like how desperate he seemed as he read through them all but he blamed her for that. She was so sexy and so perfect. He couldn't resist her and he didn't bother trying.

"Would you suck a dick for me?" she has asked him. Dusty's heart began to beat faster as he read his answer.

"I'd do anything for you."

"I think you're ready," she had replied.

"Ready for what?"

"I'll explain tomorrow. You're free tomorrow night, still? Right?"

"Yeah. What are we going to do?"

"I have a surprise for you."

"What is it?"

"I want to tell you but it will have to wait until tomorrow," she had teased him.

"I'll miss you."

"I'll miss you too."

Claudia hadn't told him right away. She had let information slip out a little bit at a time. He had gone along with everything she had wanted so far and because she led him one step at a time she found that she could persuade him in the direction she wanted. She had been angling to have him join her and her husband for a threesome.

"You're married?" Dusty had really felt his heart beating as he read her message about her husband. "Does he know you're talking to me?"

"He knows I'm talking to you but he's not reading our messages or anything. Whatever you tell me stays between us but he does know that I am talking to you and he is hoping to meet you one day."

"He is? Why?"

"He wants to see us together. He likes the thought of me being with another guy."

"Why? If you were mine I wouldn't want to share you," Dusty explained his feelings.

"You might if you knew how much it turned me on."

"Why does it turn you on to be with two men?"

"I don't know but it makes me very, very wet," Dusty remembered the pussy picture she had sent and he clicked on it. He could see the way her pussy glistened in the light from the flash. It made his cock ache some more for her and he couldn't wait until the next day. Everything was planned. She had talked him into a lot of things he never thought he would do. She had sufficiently brainwashed him into doing exactly what she wanted him to do. He thought about cumming one more time but instead, he focused on the last thing she had said to him before they had said goodnight. He wanted to save his cum for her tomorrow.

"Open your heart to me, Dusty. I want you to feel my love as you experience this with us."

"My heart is open to you, baby," he told her and he wasn't lying. He loved Claudia in ways he'd never loved another woman. She was older and wiser. She knew what she was doing sexually and that was a real turn on. She knew what she wanted and he was happy that she had found him. He wasn't sure he could do what she wanted him to do, but he would die trying.

When he arrived at Claudia's house Dusty saw the two cars in the driveway and wondered if hers was the sports car or the truck. He walked to the door and saw two black cats slink away into the night. He rang the bell and waited patiently until Claudia opened the door. She was wearing a sheer, white nightgown that highlighted her dark nipples. He could see the curves of her body and his cock stood at attention for her.

"I'm so hard for you," he told her as she pulled him in for a hug.

"Good. That's what I like," she responded, grabbing his cock and squeezing it. "Come with me." She led him by the hand to a bedroom. "Get naked, babe." Dusty began to pull his clothes off when he saw her lift the white dress over her head. She placed it on a rocking chair near the window and stood before him, completely naked. She moved to him, helping him out of the rest of his clothes before she kissed him deeply.

"Is your heart open to me?" she asked.

"Yes," he told her and he wasn't lying. He was open to her in ways he'd never been with any other woman. He knew that he should be afraid but he wasn't. He trusted Claudia as she pushed him back onto the bed and climbed on top of him. Her kisses were like magic. They brought his cock to life but they also awakened something carnal within him. He would have done anything for her and she knew this. She knew that she could get Dusty to do what she needed.

"Can you feel my love?" she asked as she slid her pussy down his thick, hard, shaft. He moaned as she worked her magic on his cock. He had never been with a woman with the sexual skills that Claudia had. She was the best fuck he had ever encountered and he allowed himself to sink into her bliss. He didn't even notice that a dark figure had entered the room. It wasn't until Claudia had brought him close to cumming a few times before he finally looked up to see another man was in the room. His cock was in his hand and he was stroking it. Dusty assumed this was her husband and he didn't say anything.

Instead, he opted to keep an eye on her husband, watching him stroke himself as Dusty fucked his wife. Somehow, having her husband watching them fuck was a turn-on for Dusty. He wondered if her husband liked watching her fuck. He wondered why he did, if he did and why he wasn't joining in. Dusty had never considered himself gay but he wasn't exactly shying away from the thought of her husband joining them. Claudia had told him it was going to happen and she had mentally prepared him for this moment. Now, Dusty felt a longing inside of him for something to happen. He wanted her husband to join in. 

"Do you like watching me fuck your wife?" Dusty asked the man, suddenly. he hadn't planned on saying anything. It had just slipped out.

"You're a lot naughtier than I thought," Claudia laughed. "Come on, honey. I think he's ready for you. Aren't you Dusty?"

"Yeah," his voice sounded a bit shallow as she pulled her pussy from his cock and replaced it with her mouth. "Come suck on his cock with me." Dusty watched as her husband took his position by her side and they shared his cock. Her husband took Dusty's balls in his mouth while Claudia worked the shaft. Dusty could not believe the sensations he was experiencing. It was a pleasure overload unlike any other he had experienced in his young life. Claudia was amazing but her husband's mouth on his balls had him floored. He let out a few moans before he came, dumping his cum down Claudia's throat.

"Nice work," Claudia praised her husband and they high-fived. "Don't worry, there's another one coming over in a few minutes."

"Another one what?" Dusty was confused.

"Another younger guy. We like to have a few over every weekend," Claudia explained.

"Wait. So I'm not the only guy you guys do this with?" Dusty was intrigued but also a bit jealous. She hadn't told him that she was talking to other guys just like him. He had pictured himself the only one and was angry at himself for never asking her if he was.

"Don't worry, Dusty. I'll still be careful with your heart." She moved to him and kissed him gently on the mouth. He let it happen but he was getting mad. The doorbell rang and Claudia grabbed her nightgown from the rocking chair and ran from the room, leaving Dusty and her husband alone together.

"So, how long have you known Claudia?" he asked Dusty.

"A few months online."

"Wow, that's quite a while. I had no idea she had to put in that much time."

"I had no idea she was recruiting more than just me!"

"It can be fun with more guys," her husband assured Dusty. "You really seemed to like us both sucking your cock and balls for you. Imagine what can happen with more men. It's fun. I can tell you are definitely our type of guy."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Dusty asked but he knew exactly what it meant. Dusty was turned on by other guys. He just hadn't actually admitted it to anyone besides Claudia so far in his life.

"Here we are," Claudia entered the room with another young guy. "Everyone, this is Cliff. He's really into having a threesome with just the guys tonight. I know you're in, honey but what about you, Dusty? Can I see you hook up with my husband and Cliff tonight? It would really turn me on."

"Hi there," Cliff shook hands with Claudia's husband and then Dusty.

"I'd like to try this morsel," Cliff said, running a hand over Dusty's chest.

"I'd like to see that," Claudia encouraged them. Dusty was naked and Cliff took the opportunity to run his hand down his hard chest and down to Dusty's growing cock. By the time his hand clasped around it Dusty was past it being a gay thing. It simply felt good. His eyes focused on Claudia as her husband moved behind him and ground his cock against his ass. She kissed Dusty as Cliff got on his knees and sucked his dick for him. Claudia's husband lubed up and Dusty could feel his cock pushing against his asshole. Dusty had never done anything gay but it seemed okay since Claudia was still kissing him.

"Take it," she ordered Dusty. "Keep that heart open for me," her words had a tinge of evil to them. Dusty was shocked at how it felt to have his cock sucked and his ass fucked at the same time. He had just cum and so he knew it would be a while before he blew his load again. His senses overflowed with input. There were hands, dicks, and Claudia's perfect mouth all focused on him. He couldn't stand it and yet he had no other choice but to take it. He was the center of everyone's attention now and he was loving it.

"Are you going to cum? Because if you do I want you to cum down Cliff's throat. Do you hear me?" Claudia was saying something but Dusty was in so much pleasure that he could barely hear her.

"Yes," he moaned, not really knowing what he was saying yes to. He was lost in the moment, strung out from the incessant pleasure he was feeling. His cock was going to explode.

"Open your heart, Dusty. Cum down his throat!" Claudia was ordering him.

"Fuck! Fuck! Oh my God!" Dusty came hard and Cliff immediately made sounds of choking on his cum. Claudia's husband was crying out as well and Dusty realized that his ass was being cum in. He didn't know how this had happened but now that it had and it was over he began to feel strange.

Claudia's husband pulled his cock from Dusty's ass. Cliff swallowed Dusty's load and stood up with a big smile on his face. Claudia looked satisfied with herself and Dusty didn't know what to think of the whole scene. This was not what he had pictured when he had decided to come to see Claudia. At the same time, it was a lot more fun than he had anticipated.

"Break time?" Claudia asked, or are you all still going?"

"I need a break," Dusty confessed.

"I'll take him for a few minutes and let you two get better acquainted," she told her husband and Dusty let her pull him by the arm until they reached the living room.

"Can I fix you a drink? You need some drugs? I have some cocaine," she giggled.

"No. You didn't tell me I was here to fuck a bunch of guys," he turned and glared at her.

"No, I led you to a place where you can be yourself. This is who you are. I'm just showing you so you can enjoy it. I thought your heart was open."

"That's the problem. My heart is open to you. For you. Not them."

"Don't worry, baby. I've got you. You are going to have so much fun and when you need to fuck a woman, I'm here for you."

"I need to now," he confessed. "I need to make sure I'm still attracted to women after what happened."

"Oh, you are," she assured him and she dropped to her knees and sucked his cock. By the time he had her bent over the counter, fucking her, he felt like a man again. He understood that he would always love fucking her, no matter how many cocks he fucked and sucked. He wasn't angry when her husband and Cliff came into the room and joined them. Dusty welcomed it. He was already feeling more at peace with his bisexuality and he had Claudia and these two gentlemen to thank for that. He figured orgasms were probably the best way to repay them and so he sought out to make each of them cum. It was going to be a very long night, a night that would kick off the rest of his life as a bisexual man.

#bisexual man#MMM#threesome#MFM#older women#stupid little boys#gay#blowjob#butt fucking#slut#slut problems#slut-problems#slut solutions#internet dating#online hookups