 I'd just taken the lasagna out of the oven when I heard the doorbell ring, and I hurried to answer it, glancing down at my dress as I went to make sure I looked alright. 

I opened the door, and my neighbors Colin and Sean smiled at me from my front stoop. "Happy birthday, Ella!" they both said. Colin held a bottle of wine and two wrapped gifts, while Sean carried a birthday cake.

"Oh my gosh, you two! I specifically said that you didn't need to bring anything other than yourselves," I told them. "Come on in!"

It was my thirtieth birthday, and since I'd moved to this area only a few months ago, I hadn't made any real friends. My job as a paralegal had me working long hours lately, which didn't do my social life any favors, either. 

I rented the right side of a duplex, with my apartment having one bedroom and one bathroom. Colin and Sean were roommates leasing the larger left side, which had two bedrooms and two baths. They had been quick to welcome me when I first moved in, and we'd become friendly, sometimes hanging out in the backyard on warm summer evenings.

Now it was early September, and I hated the thought of spending what was supposed to be a momentous birthday alone, so I'd invited them over for dinner. 

Colin let his gaze sweep over me. "You are a vision in red, Ella," he said.

I couldn't help but grin. "And you are one smooth talker," I replied.

I wore a sleeveless scarlet dress with straps large enough to cover those of my bra, which I couldn't get away with forgoing. My black sandals had an open toe, and I figured I'd better enjoy wearing them while I still could. Fall was just around the corner. I'd even taken the time to curl my long brown hair and apply a little makeup. 

Both Colin and Sean were a few years younger than me. Colin worked at a call center, which he derisively referred to as "cubicle hell," while Sean was a copy editor. Sometimes I wondered how the two of them got along as roommates, since their personalities were so different. Colin was outgoing and confident, even flirtatious, while Sean was quieter and more reserved. 

Colin was taller than Sean and had dark hair and eyes, while Sean had light brown hair and blue eyes, and also wore a neat beard. Tonight they were both dressed in their usual work attire—khakis and button-up shirts. 

"Let's head to the kitchen," I said. "Dinner's ready."

"It smells delicious," Sean said. When he placed the birthday cake on the counter, I saw that it was decorated and even had my name carefully written in pink icing, and it was also topped with a "30" candle.

"The cake is beautiful!" I exclaimed.

"That was all Sean's doing," Colin said.

I leaned to plant a quick kiss on Sean's cheek. "That was so sweet of you, Sean. Thank you."

He glanced at me and smiled, then averted his eyes, and I was reminded of how shy he could be. It made me want to gently coax him out of his shell. 

I looked back at Colin. "I also bought wine, but yours is definitely a better brand, so that's what we'll have." I handed him a corkscrew so he could do the honors.

"Can I help you with anything?" Sean asked.

"Nope. Everything's all set, so just have a seat." I'd already set the table, so once Colin had the bottle opened, he poured three very generous glasses of wine.

I brought the salad and lasagna to the table, along with fresh bread. Both men looked inordinately thrilled with the meal I'd prepared, and when we started to eat, Colin said, "This is fantastic, Ella. Neither Sean nor I can cook worth a damn, so we eat a lot of takeout."

I took a sip of the Pinot Noir. "This is no trouble at all to make," I said. "I'm not the greatest cook, but I can easily manage this."

As we ate dinner, we kept the conversation light, mainly talking about our jobs. As far as I knew, both Colin and Sean were single, though I'd caught a glimpse of a tall blonde leaving their apartment early one Sunday morning about a month ago. If I had to guess, I would say she was a hookup of Colin's, but one never knew for sure. I hadn't seen her since. 

Once we finished the first bottle of wine, Colin opened the one that I'd bought. It was a cheap Merlot, but it was still drinkable. Something Colin said made me laugh a little too loudly, and I realized I was buzzed from the alcohol but also immensely enjoying their company. It was Friday evening, and knowing that the weekend was ahead only added to my good mood.

When we finished eating, I packed up the rest of the lasagna for them to take home with them, and they helped me clean up the kitchen. "You two are angels," I said as they carried dirty dishes to the sink. Colin winked as he passed me, and the look he gave me was anything but angelic. 

Once the table was cleared and the dishes placed in the dishwasher, I turned to the two of them. "Anyone want cake?"

"I am stuffed," Colin said.

"Me, too," Sean added, "but you at least need to blow out your candle and make a wish, Ella."

I grinned as Sean lit the birthday candle, and he and Colin began to sing. Leaning over the cake, I closed my eyes and made a wish, then quickly blew out the candle before the wax could melt. They both clapped, and I thanked them again and said, "I'll be sure to send some of this cake home with you, too. You have outdone yourselves!"

We carried our glasses of wine into the living room, and Colin sat next to me on the sofa while Sean took a seat in a nearby chair. They had placed the gifts on the coffee table, and Colin retrieved the smaller one so he could hand it to me. "This one is from me," he said. 

"You really shouldn't have," I said softly as I gazed at the carefully wrapped gift.

"Go on and open it," he urged.

When I did, I saw that he'd given me a beautiful sapphire and silver pendant. "Oh, it's gorgeous!" I breathed.

"I noticed that you often wear jewelry, and I hoped you'd like it."

I looked up at Colin and gave him a huge smile. "I love it! And it's my birthstone, too. Thank you!" He grinned, obviously pleased that I was happy with the gift, and I kissed his cheek. 

Turning back to Sean, I saw that he was watching me expectantly, and I felt like an excited little girl as I picked up his gift. After tearing off the wrapping paper, I gasped when I saw that he'd given me a finely made journal with my initials embossed on the cover. "Sean, oh my goodness, this is beautiful!"

Now it was his turn to smile. "I remember you saying that you sometimes write poetry, and I thought you could use a journal for your poems."

"I can't believe you remembered!" I pressed a hand to my chest and blinked back tears. "These are such thoughtful gifts, and you're both such wonderful neighbors. I feel incredibly fortunate to call you my friends."

Colin slipped an arm around me. "Hey now, no crying on your birthday, sweetheart. We're honored to spend your big day with you."

I managed not to start crying, and I figured both Sean and Colin were grateful for that. "This has been a wonderful birthday," I told them. 

"So," Colin said, "what did you wish for when you blew out the candle on your cake?"

Sean leaned forward. "If she tells us, the wish won't come true."

Colin scoffed. "Come on, you know that's bullshit."

What I'd really wished for was that my thirties would turn out better than my twenties, but that seemed like a depressing thing to admit, especially on my birthday, so I flashed a mischievous grin and said, "If you must know, I wished for lots and lots of orgasms."

Sean had just taken a sip of his wine when I spoke, and now he began coughing as if it had gone down the wrong way. Colin paid him no mind and instead moved even closer to me on the sofa. "Oh? Please elaborate," he said, his wicked grin matching mine.

I leaned back on the sofa and sighed. "It's just been a long dry spell—and I'm not telling you how long!" Part of me was shocked at what I was saying, but it was easy to blame it on the wine and turning thirty, and also on Colin being so near. "I've had to depend on myself for all my orgasms lately, I'm afraid."

Colin and Sean exchanged a glance. "You know, we were curious about that..." Colin began.

"No, we weren't," Sean interjected, and his eyes flashed a warning at his roommate.

I looked at both of them in confusion. "Curious about what?"

Colin tilted his head slightly and then ran his tongue over his lower lip as he studied me. "It's just that a couple of months ago—"

"Colin, don't you fucking dare," Sean said, and I was surprised to find that he looked and sounded genuinely angry. 

"What's going on?" I demanded. "Tell me!"

Colin rolled his eyes at Sean's reaction. "Well, I would, but Sean is being a fucking prude about it, and he thinks you'll be offended."

"I promise I won't!" I insisted. "And the suspense is killing me now, so you have to tell."

Colin looked at Sean questioningly, but Sean merely shook his head, and I could see him clenching his jaw.

"A couple of months ago," Colin said, "Sean and I were in our apartment watching the game, and we, um, heard you."

I frowned. "Heard me doing what?"

"For fuck's sake," Sean muttered, and I noticed that he was actually blushing.

Colin brought his lips to my ear so I could feel his warm breath on my skin. "We heard you getting off." He spoke the words in a low, soft voice.

"What?" I cried, and now I was the one blushing.

"Well, that was our guess, anyway," Colin said. "At first we thought you might have had someone with you, but we didn't see another car in the drive, and we didn't hear anyone else, so..."

I pressed a hand to my face. "Oh shit, I'm sorry!"

I masturbated at least several times a week, sometimes in the shower and sometimes right before I fell asleep, and I felt like I always tried to be quiet. But thinking back, I remembered a marathon masturbation session I'd embarked on not long ago. I'd had so much pent-up horniness that I was determined to exhaust myself, and after the first climax, my clit was so sensitive that I began moaning and then crying out. Still, I had no idea these walls were so fucking thin!

"Please do not be sorry," Colin said, brushing my hair back from my face. "It was such a turn on. In fact, Sean and I were so turned on that—"

"Goddamn it, Colin, that's enough!" Sean shouted, and I jumped at his booming voice. When he got to his feet, I leaped up and hurried over to him. 

"Please don't leave," I begged, then dared to slip my arms around his neck. Still he wouldn't look at me. "We were having such a good time, and I hate that you're angry, Sean."

"I'm not angry with you," he said quietly. 

I tried to meet his stare. "I promise I'm not offended. I'm actually intrigued, and... maybe a little turned on?" I posed it as a question, and Sean looked at me in surprise. I figured if I wanted him to stay, I needed to put him at ease, and I could only do that by being truthful. "I mean, maybe I was so loud that time because... I wanted you and Colin to hear me." I shrugged, feeling embarrassed at the words I spoke, but also aware that I was beginning to get aroused, too. My panties were already damp. "So... I wouldn't mind knowing how you and Colin responded to hearing me."

I took Sean's hand and led him to the sofa so he could sit down next to me. I was between him and Colin, and the sofa wasn't very big, so my body was pressed against both of theirs. 

I could hear Sean breathing faster, and I placed a tentative hand on his knee. Then I looked at Colin and whispered, "Go on."

Colin looked different to me now, with his eyes full of heat and blatant desire. "We heard you moaning, and then you started letting out these cries, and we knew you were making yourself come. It was so fucking sexy. I got hard almost immediately." As Colin spoke, his hand strayed to the crotch of his pants, and when I noticed the bulge there, I released a shuddering breath. "I didn't even ask Sean if it was okay," he said. "I just took out my cock right then and there so I could stroke it."

I closed my eyes as a surge of arousal welled up from deep within me. The thought of Colin stroking his cock while listening to me come made me want to touch myself, and I curled my hands into fists so I wouldn't give in to the urge. 

Turning to Sean, I searched his face but couldn't tell what he was thinking. "And what did you do?" I murmured. "When you were listening to me and while Colin was stroking his cock?"

"I took out my cock, too," he said in a guttural voice. "I was already rock hard, and I couldn't keep from stroking while imagining you. Christ, I lost count of how many times you came. You'd start out quiet, and then you'd begin moaning, and those moans would turn to cries... I shot my load during your final orgasm."

I began trembling; it was as if my entire body was begging to be touched and caressed. Slowly, I brought my mouth to Sean's, and when our lips met, I cupped a hand against the back of his head. He moaned as our kiss deepened, and I was aware of Colin sitting on the other side of me. He placed a hand on my lower thigh, and I slid it higher to let him know his touch was welcome. 

Sean's tongue grazed mine, and I found myself craving his mouth. He was an amazing kisser, so deep and eager and yet gentle as well. 

When we finally broke the kiss, we were both breathing heavily. Colin nuzzled my neck with his lips. "How did you make yourself come so many times, Ella?" he whispered loud enough for Sean to hear. "Did you just use your fingers, or a toy?"

I took my lower lip between my teeth and grinned, suddenly shy. "I used a wand vibrator. Nothing exotic."

"Ah, but it gets the job done, doesn't it?" he said, then sucked on my earlobe.

"It sure does," I breathed. 

"Maybe," Colin murmured, "you should go get it, and Sean and I can make your birthday wish come true."

The need that seized me upon hearing his words was almost painful. I felt it in my nipples and low in my belly, even in the palms of my hands. It made me whimper, and when the sound escaped my lips, Sean rubbed my back, making small soothing circles with his hand. "No pressure, Ella," he said. "Only if you want to."

Feeling their hands and lips on me was intoxicating. "I do want to," I said, looking from Sean to Colin. "Wait here."

I was shaking as I stood and went to my bedroom. Kneeling on the floor, I retrieved the wand vibrator from beneath my bed, where I always kept it so it would be within easy reach. I couldn't believe what I was about to do, and I had no idea how far I would allow this to go. I just knew I wanted both of them, and they had made it clear they wanted me, too.

Before I left my room, I took off my sandals so my feet were bare. Then I padded back to the living room, holding the powerful vibrator. When Colin saw me, he quickly stood, and his erection was obvious at this point. Feeling almost short of breath, I handed him the vibrator, then sat on the far end of the sofa.

Without speaking, Colin plugged in the vibrator but didn't turn it on. Just seeing him holding my favorite toy made me soaking wet, and he hadn't even touched me yet. He knelt before me, and our eyes met. "You let me know what feels good to you, Ella," he said. "I want more than anything to see you come."

I swallowed hard and nodded. Then I turned to Sean, whose face was flushed just like mine was. I patted the cushion beside me and said, "Come closer." He immediately obeyed, and I pressed my fingers lightly against his jaw to bring his face toward mine. "I love kissing you," I whispered, and my words made him grin. 

With his mouth pressed to mine, I surrendered to that kiss and eagerly took his tongue between my lips. I felt Colin inching my dress higher up my thighs, exposing more of my skin. Then he parted my legs, and it was then that I heard him turn on the vibrator. 

The mere sound of it made me moan. I could already feel my pulse in my clit, and when Colin slid his fingers along my inner thigh and grazed my red panties, I thrust my hips forward, driving myself into his touch. 

Spreading me even wider, Colin gently pulled the crotch of my underwear aside and parted my outer folds with his fingers. Oh God, I felt so deliciously exposed, with the cool air caressing my cunt, and also knowing that Colin could now see how wet and swollen and ready I was.

Sean momentarily stopped kissing me so he could watch Colin press the head of the vibrator between my thighs. His angle was absolutely perfect, and I immediately cried out at the stimulation. Colin looked up at me and smiled. "How's that?" he asked.

Instead of forming a reply, I could only moan, and he laughed softly. Sean suckled at the tender skin on the side of my neck, and then his lips moved to my shoulder. Leaning back against the sofa, I found myself slinking downward in a very unladylike position so I could feel the vibration directly on my clit. 

"Ooh, fuck," I breathed. "That's perfect!"

Sean lowered the straps of my dress and slid them down my arms to reveal my lacy red bra. At the sight of it, he moaned and stroked my erect nipple through the fabric. Between his attention to my breasts and Colin's stimulation of my clit, I felt like I was melting into a warm pool. The sensation only grew stronger when Sean lifted my breasts from the cups of my bra and brought his mouth to my left nipple so he could suck it. 

"Oh my God," I cried. I couldn't find the words to describe how unbelievably aroused I was, but my body let them know with its writhing and trembling. When Colin briefly took the vibrator from my clit, I let out a pathetic whine. "Don't stop!" I begged him.

Ever so gently, Sean took my rosy pink nipple between his teeth so he could lash the tender peak with the tip of his tongue. He fondled my other nipple so that it was just as hard.

"How close are you to coming?" Colin asked in a voice I didn't recognize. It sounded strained with his own need.

"So close! Please make me come!"

Sean had his lips in a firm seal around my nipple and was suckling it, all the while watching Colin tease me with the vibrator. My dress was up around my waist by this point, and I was certain Sean could see the wand nestled between my pussy lips.

Colin turned off the vibrator, and I released a frustrated cry. I was dying to come by this point! Sean and I both watched as he brought the head of the vibrator, wet with my juices, to his lips and licked it. Then without warning, he returned the wand to my clit and turned it on the highest speed.

"Fuck oh fuck!" I wailed, my entire body straining with the need to come. 

Sean took my hand and interlaced his fingers with mine, his gaze riveted on my face. That one gesture was so incredibly intimate, even more so than a kiss, and it made me want him with an intensity I'd never before experienced in my life. With our eyes locked, I began crying out, feeling my orgasm's approach. 

"That's it, baby," he whispered. "Come for us."

And I did. My God, I came so hard, screaming through my clenched teeth. Wave after wave after wave rolled over me, making my muscles spasm with those exquisite contractions I'd been striving for. Now they were upon me, and it soon became too much. 

I pushed the vibrator away, unable to stop the tremors coursing through my body as the orgasm doled out its aftershocks. I felt lightheaded and terribly hot; a thin layer of sweat had broken out on my skin. 

Sean placed a tender kiss against my temple, and I smiled. Colin stayed kneeling before me, still staring between my spread thighs. "God, your clit is so swollen, it's all I can do to keep from licking it," he said.

I bit down hard on my lower lip, then looked down at myself. My tits were out, and my dress was hiked up around my waist. "You two need to get your cocks out," I said. "I'm feeling awfully exposed here."

Both of them grinned and then stood before me. I didn't bother to cover myself as they slowly unbuckled and removed their belts, then unbuttoned and unzipped their pants. They took their time, giving me a chance to recover from the earth-shattering orgasm I'd just had. As I watched them strip, I played with my nipples and allowed my legs to stay splayed open. 
