 It was Valentine's Day and my girlfriend and I had agreed not to buy each other gifts that year, because she was a new teacher and I was between jobs. Last minute, though, I won five hundred on a scratch ticket and decided to put it to good use. 

When Sarah got home from school I handed her an envelope and told her to get into the car. 

"What's this? I thought we agreed," she said to me with her eyes.

"Trust me, I think you're going to like this."

As I pulled out of the drive I told her to open it.

"You promised," she said as she pulled out four crisp one-hundred dollar bills. 

"I promised we wouldn't get each other anything because we couldn't afford it, but now we can."

"No, now you somehow can. I can't. I'm sorry, but-"

"I told you to trust me. Yes, that money is for you, but you have to spend it wherever I take you and on whatever I tell you to buy. This way, we both get something."

When I pulled up to the first place I was pleased by Sarah's response,

"You are such a fucking pervert. I love it!"

While at Jasmine's Sex Shop, Sarah purchased a vibrator, a glass dildo, four videos, a studded cock-ring, a pair of fuzzy handcuffs, enough lube to last us until Christmas, and some Kama Sutra scented oil love-kit thingy. Obviously the last item was her idea, but after she told me where and how she planned to rub oil on herself I couldn't say no.

"Oh, it has been so long since I've had a massage!" Sarah literally moaned as I pulled up to the next stop. 

"No, the place next to it."

"Felix Uniforms?"

"Yep. Bring a hundred and why don't you put that vibrator and handcuffs in your purse. Don't react to anything I might say."

A young attractive blonde greeted us when we entered the store. I told her that we were here to pick up a school uniform for my cousin and a nurse's uniform for my aunt. When I told her the name, she couldn't find the order. 

"What school does your cousin attend?" the blonde asked as she put on some small reading glasses and pulled out a catalogue. 

"Academy."

"Well, we seem to have misplaced your order, but we might have something in stock."

She found the school and explained that there were two uniforms, then asked my cousin's size. I told her I didn't know which one my cousin needed, but that she was probably pretty close to my girlfriend's size. Sarah was petite and slender with the most perfectly perky C-cups that basically make me pop a boner just thinking about them, especially when they bounce wildly while she's riding my. . .oh, excuse me; back to the story.

"I'll grab a couple of sizes that I think may fit and have you try them on," said the shop girl as she sized-up Sarah with her eyes, pulling her little glasses down to the tip of her nose. Yeah, there was absolutely something sexy about that blonde. Not what I had planned for, but I had already won five hundred on a scratcher, so who knew how far my luck would run.

"You know," I said to the girl as she turned around, "my aunt is pretty close to your size."

The shop girl was taller than Sarah with big firm breasts and a tight round ass. There was something voluptuously sexy about her that turned me on. 

"Do you know which hospital she works at?" she asked.

"No, but I know she said to make sure it was a one piece with a skirt, not pants. I guess they have a couple of kinds there."

The sexy shop girl said she thought she knew what my aunt needed and headed towards the back. 

"You are a naughty, naughty boy," Sarah said when the girl was gone. "I know we talked about maybe one day trying something like this, but do you even know her?"

"I love the way your dirty little mind works, but don't worry- it's not quite what you think. Plus, this is only our second stop."

"You know," I said loudly so that the blonde could hear me, "I have my camera in the car, so why don't I take a photo of each of the school uniforms and my cousin can choose the one she wants. I can come back and pick it up later."

I ran out to the car and grabbed an extra hundred from the envelope. This stop was going to be a little more expensive than I had planned. I didn't grab the camera because I had already put it in my pocket back at the house. 

When I got back, Sarah was walking towards the dressing room with the school uniforms in hand. I told her to go in, but not try anything on. After a minute or so I found the shop girl and told her that the uniforms were too big. 

"We have the red plaid skirt and white oxford in a smaller size, but not the green skirt."

I told her that would be fine and took the tiny uniform back to Sarah and told her to put it on. 

"Say fuck me when you're ready," I said through the door.

Sarah giggled. Yeah, pretty much just like a little schoolgirl. 

I went back to the front of the shop and found the blonde sitting on a stool behind the counter, flipping through a magazine. She still had on her glasses and was gently pressing the end of a pen against her full, slightly parted lips. 

" I know this may seem a bit forward, but you have an amazing figure," I told her.

"Excuse me?"

"You have an amazing figure. I haven't been able to take my eyes off of your ass since I've been in the store."

"Aren't you here with your girlfriend?"

"Yeah, but she doesn't mind. I'm pretty sure she'd agree with me."

The girl blushed, but maintained eye contact through her sexy little glasses. 

"Can I say something even more forward?" I asked. 

"Why not," she said with more confidence than I had expected.

"I'll give you a hundred bucks right now if you put on that nurses uniform and let me take your picture in the dressing room with my girlfriend."

"Are you serious?"

I pulled the hundred from my pocket and slapped it onto the counter.

"Is this serious enough for you?"

To my surprise she took the hundred, rolled it up and slid it into the cleavage I'd been trying not to stare at since I first walked in the door. 

"I suppose I could close a little early today, but that one might be a little too big for something like this," she said eying the nurses uniform in my hand, "let me find something a little smaller and I'll meet you in the fitting room."

Sarah was ready when I got to the dressing room and I told her to let me in. I got hard the minute she opened the door. The skirt was short and perfectly hugged her hips and ass. The white oxford was tight and clung to her fit breasts. She had it tied in the front so her flat stomach was exposed and her black lacy bra showed through the top. She had on black thigh-highs with healed Mary Janes just like I had suggested that morning as she was getting ready for work. I was convinced my girlfriend had never looked hotter in her life. I walked towards her and slowly slid my hand up her thigh, then quickly reached around under her skirt and aggressively grabbed her ass. 

"As much as I want to bend you over that chair and fuck you until you scream, I need you to be a good little girl and do exactly as I say."

She nodded slowly and lifted her leg until her smooth thigh pressed against my hard cock. I slowly pushed her back and slid my camera from my back pocket.

"Your partner will be here soon. Until then, why don't you sit down on that chair and spread your legs just enough to make any good teacher want to misbehave."

She had worn little white cotton panties. It really was my lucky day. I took a couple of photos of her looking dough-eyed and pouty. 

"Now slid your hands slowly down your tits to your stomach. Good, now slide them along your upper thighs and press your skirt against yourself."

She did exactly as she was told and I got in a few good shots before I heard a tapping at the door. 

Amber came in dressed in a white nurses uniform that squeezed her full cleavage and hugged her every curve. Her long legs looked incredible and I immediately fantasized about them wrapped in ecstasy around my girlfriend's slender body. 

"You're just in time," I said, "this student here isn't feeling well. I think she might need some attention."

"How do you want me?" Amber asked. 

She was still wearing the glasses, but had let her hair down and it fell in sexy waves over her shoulders.

"Get behind Sarah on the chair," I said. "That's right. Now loosely wrap your legs around her and gently pull her head back by her hair."

I took several photos of the girls grabbing hair, breasts, skirts, legs, asses, in as many different positions as I could think of.

"Alright, this is my last shot.  Face each other and wrap your arms around each other's waists. Amber you look at me and Sarah you look with lust at Amber."

Again, the girls did as they were told, but when I finished shooting the photo they didn't let go of each other. Amber turned to Sarah and wrapped her arms tighter around Sarah's little waist. Sarah looked at Amber with a confused version of her 'fuck me' eyes that were typically aimed at me. The girls leaned into each other and their mouths opened slowly, their lips met and their tongues lightly touched. I was getting hard again, taking as many pictures as I could.  

Sarah began to unbutton Amber's uniform and pulled it off of her shoulders. She leaned forward and kissed the newly exposed skin, running her tongue lightly up Amber's neck and then back down to the tops of her breasts. She reached up and slid Amber's bra straps down her arms while she continued to kiss her abundant cleavage. She pulled Amber's bra until her large breasts popped out, springing her hard pink nipples into the air. Sarah lifted Amber's breast to her mouth and began to gently suck the rigid tip. She ran her tongue in circles around the erect nipple while she massaged the other breast with her free hand.  

Amber tilted her head back and lightly moaned, then turned her eyes towards mine.

I leaned in and kissed Amber's full wet mouth. It had been years since I'd kissed another woman, and the thrill of it made my already hard cock throb with desire. I ran my hand down Amber's side and teased her nipple with my fingers around Sarah's still licking and sucking tongue and lips. I followed the curves of the tight white uniform as it wrapped perfectly around Ambers firm ass and thighs. I slowly slid my hand back up and under her uniform. I pressed my hand firmly on her pussy and could feel her getting wet through her panties. She reached down and put her hand on top of mine and began moving it back and forth to massage her straining clit. 

Sarah continued to lick and suck Amber's hard nipples, her eyes never leaving my hand pressed hard against Amber's craving cunt. With my free hand I grabbed Sarah's and pressed it on Amber's inner thigh and slid my other hand away from Amber's pussy. Amber followed my lead and lightly slid Sarah's hand under her panties. Sarah continued to suck Amber's nipples as she slowly rubbed Amber's clit. Amber moaned and slid to her knees. Sarah followed as she continued to rub Ambers juicy pussy, now from behind. Amber reached up and tore off my belt. My pants fell to my ankles, my erect cock stood at attention in front of Amber's face.  Amber wrapped her hand around my cock. Her fingers began to tighten and relax, sending waves of stimulation through me and I could feel myself getting harder in her grip. Having another woman's hands on me felt amazing and I burned for more.  

"Wait," said Sarah. 

Amber pulled her hand away.

"I've got something that will make that a million times better."

Not taking her hand away from Amber's now throbbing mound, Sarah reached into her purse and pulled out a bottle of lube. She flicked it open and squeezed some into Amber's hand. Amber again wrapped her fingers around my throbbing cock and began to stroke the base. She leaned in and teased the tip with her tongue, moaning as Sarah continued to rub her juicy pussy. 

I looked at Sarah and could tell she was squirming for more action. 

"Tell me what you want," she said. "Tell me what you want baby."

Amber's fingers and moist tongue felt so incredible on my erection, that I was willing to take any risk.

"I want to see you eat her pussy," I said. "I want to see you lay down on your back and let her press her hot clit on your face."

Sarah leaned back from Amber and slowly undid her top. Amber leaned forward and wrapped her lips around my glistening head as she continued to tease it with her tongue. Sarah smirked as she gave a little shimmy and the blouse fell to the floor. She undid her bra and then slid her fingers into her mouth. She twisted her own nipples with her wet fingers and looked straight into my eyes with a look I'd never seen.

"I'll lick her pussy baby. I'll lick that juicy pussy for you baby."

She turned around and lay on her back, sliding herself so that her face was directly under Amber's wanting clit. Sarah was breathing heavily and her chest was moving rapidly up and down. I watched as Sarah slowly slid her tongue along Amber's moist pink lips. Amber moaned loudly when Sarah's tongue made contact and she thrust forward, taking my cock deep into her mouth. I felt myself grow harder as I kept my eyes on Sarah. She seemed hesitant at first, but the more Amber moaned and squirmed, the more confidently Sarah licked and sucked. I became more and more aroused the louder Sarah sucked when she found Amber's swollen clit. Amber pumped my cock deeper the more violently Sarah licked. I could feel my load on the verge of bursting. 

Amber was now fully sitting on Sarah's face, pressing her burning clit firmly against Sarah's sucking mouth and twirling tongue. Amber began to moan louder until it almost became a scream. She pulled my cock from her mouth and began to jerk it as she came closer and closer to coming. I looked down and could see Amber's juices running down the sides of Sarah's face. Amber squirmed and moaned, then let out a final scream as her body tensed. She thrust herself backwards as she came and pulled her bursting cunt from Sarah's mouth. Sarah sat up and grabbed my bulging cock.

"Fuck me," she said, "fuck me harder than you've ever fucked me before!"

I turned her around and bent her over the chair. Amber was now sitting in the one beside it and was holding the bottle of lube and the vibrator we had bought earlier that day.

"Look what I found," she said with a smile.

Amber squirted lube onto her hands and began to stroke the vibrator. 

Sarah held onto the chair and thrust her hot ass into the air.  She reached around and grabbed my erection. 

"Fuck me," she said again, "fuck me now!"

I put my hand around hers and together me pushed my cock into her wanting pussy. I felt her opening as I slid my shaft further inside of her wetness.   

I looked over and watched Amber slide the vibrator in and out of her pussy, moving it faster and harder the more aggressively I fucked Sarah. Sarah's breasts bounced wildly as I pounded into her.  I could feel her deep muscles pulse and tense around my cock as she got closer and closer to coming. The tighter she got around me, the harder and faster I pumped, slapping her ass every time she moaned "fuck me!" My cock grew harder as Amber began to scream another orgasm and Sarah's pussy tightly rippled as she came.  I thrust myself deep into Sarah as I filled her with my bursting cum. I pulled out and watched our juices flow down her leg. Amber put down the vibrator and slowly rubbed herself calm. 

"So," I said as I reached down for my pants, "I'm not sure which uniform my cousin needs, but why don't you leave us a card and we'll get back to you as soon as we know."