 Phil was sitting at the beach bar of the resort where he and Christine were staying, sipping rum and Cokes while his wife in the sea. Christine was engaged in conversation with two men and a very attractive young woman. Both women had similar figures but the young woman looked to have slightly larger breasts than his wife. Also, whereas Christine was very reticent about going topless on a general public beach, the young woman obviously had no such qualms because her lovely breasts were on public view. Christine was happy sunbathing topless – and sometimes nude – in their garden at home, but in public she was very shy.

Phil was content to stare at his wife and the young woman until the two men came to the bar and joined a third man seated beside him. Phil had not seen any of them before so he assumed that they must all have been new arrivals. As the men reached the bar, Phil again looked out to the water, where his wife was still in deep conversation with the young woman. Phil started daydreaming about the standard male fantasy of being in bed with two women and he was imagining that his wife was propositioning the young woman.

The three men at the bar started talking in slightly hushed tones and kept glancing towards the women in the water. Through listening in to their conversation Phil discovered that one man was called Tom, another was Ken and the third was Steve. 

Tom and Ken were very excited and spoke animatedly. Their voices grew slightly louder and Phil could hear more of what they were saying. Pointing to the women in the water, Tom and Ken were explaining to Steve that they had run into a girl they had known in school. They claimed she had given the most exquisite blowjobs to a great many of the senior class males. Phil's interest was piqued because he thought Christine was fantastic in that department looked again and the younger woman. His fantasy returned and this time he imagined her lips wrapped around his penis while Christine was below her eating out her shaved pussy.

Phil's attention returned to the men when he heard Tom describing some of the woman's escapades, including the time they witnessed her suck off six men at a friend's bachelor party while her girlfriend fucked the groom. Ken said that although she worshipped cock, and they had often enjoyed her hand-jobs and oral skills, they knew of no one who had fucked her. Now that she had promised to meet them later, they were hopeful they would finally have their way with her. They were looking forward to being able to tell some of their old school friends about it when they got home. They were anxious to go and get set up in their room. 

Steve was invited to join them in apartment G15 after they got things going. They felt sure the girl wouldn't object once the party got started, but Tom cautioned Phil not to come in too early. He advised him to look in first and make sure things were well under way before attempting to join them. The three men disappeared and Phil was left to continue his daydream / fantasy involving Christine and the young woman.

The sun was setting when Christine joined Phil and they moved to a nearby table. They had drinks and sandwiches while watching the beautiful sunset. Phil asked about the young woman and what she and Christine had been talking about but Christine didn't give any specifics, just saying it was general chat about the resort.

When Christine asked what he had been doing, Phil knew better than to mention his fantasy involving Christine and the young woman and just said that he had been watching two beautiful women in the waves. Christine gently punched his arm but seemed pleased by the compliment and didn't take umbrage at his inclusion of the young woman. Phil thought about mentioning the conversation he had overheard but, decided that it was probably better not to. It was, however, prominent in his mind.

After going back to their room, Phil asked Christine if she wanted to go for a long walk on the beach. She replied that she wanted to shower and then try some shops that were open late at night that the young woman had told her about. Phil left her in their room and headed out on his walk.

On his return towards the resort he decided to head towards apartment G15 to see if he could catch a glimpse of the young woman in action. As he approached the apartment he started to get a hard-on at the thought of what he might see.

The apartment was on the ground floor and faced out to see so he was able to approach it's patio without being seen himself. Given that it was fully dark by then anyway, Phil was confident that he would be okay. As he approached the apartment patio he could hear the air conditioners and some music. He concealed himself behind the plants on the patio and could see into the apartment. The glass doors had been closed but the curtains had been left open. 

Phil moved to get a better view and could see Tom and Ken with drinks in their hands. As he watched they moved and he had to move himself to keep them in view. Tom moved in front of the couch and started talking to a woman. Phil was thrilled that she had turned up after all but when Tom moved slightly Phil saw that it was his wife Christine who was sitting on the couch.

Phil was somewhat taken aback and didn't understand what his wife was doing there. As he watched, Ken walked into view and sat on the couch beside Christine. They talked and laughed. Both men wore only bathing suits, and Christine had changed into a pair of shorts and a halter. As they talked, Ken nonchalantly rested his hand on Christine's thigh. She did not protest. 

After a few minutes Christine's facial expression changed; she closed her eyes, licked her lips and parted her thighs. Phil's eyes moved down his wife's body and he could see that Ken had worked his hand into her shorts. Phil knew that his wife never wore panties when she wore the shorts she was wearing and he realised that Ken's hand must be in contact with Christine's panty-less crotch. Phil's eyes drifted upwards to Christine's breasts. Sure enough, he could make out her very prominent nipples through the material of her halter top.

Phil caught a glimpse of material hitting the floor and realised that Tom's bathing suit was by his feet. Ken stepped forwards towards Christine and said something. Christine opened her eyes, looked up into Ken's face then her eyes travelled down his body until they were looking at his groin. Christine opened her mouth, moved forward slightly on the couch and took Tom's semi-erect cock between her lips. 

Phil suddenly realised that the young woman on the beach was not going to be turning up tonight. Christine had been the girl the men had been talking about! She had been sucking cock all those years before he had met her, and loving it! They'd never really discussed their past escapades but, because Christine was shy about exposing her body in public, Phil had assumed that she had been fairly restrained in the past. He would have to re-think that now.

Christine took Ken's cock out of his trunks and stroked it while she sucked on Tom's now fully-erect cock. She stopped momentarily, took Ken's pre-cum, coated Tom's cock with it, and resumed licking and sucking. 

Ken moved around to stand next to Tom, ensuring that Christine's hand remained in contact with his cock all the way. As he did so, he stepped out of his trunks. Christine now alternated between them. She licked the sensitive underside of their balls while she pumped both cocks, trying to make them spurt the cream she loves so much. She would also periodically lick around the tip of one of the cocks then wrap her lips around the head before switching to the other. It didn't take long before both men's hips started jerking towards Christine.

Tom was the first to come and when his first spurt of sperm hit Christine, he immediately received her full attention as she sucked his cock into her mouth, squeezing out every last drop. 

Phil heard some movement approaching the patio so he stepped to one side into the darkness. It was Steve. He walked to the patio and stood by the window, looking into the room from more or less where Phil had been standing. It meant that Phil could no longer see what was happening. Steve stood there rubbing his crotch through his shorts, inspired by the action inside. After a few minutes, he walked out of sight and around to the front of the apartment. Phil moved back to where he could see what was going on inside. 

Tom was now sitting on the couch stroking his prick as he watched Christine on her knees concentrating all her attentions on Ken. Phil new exactly what pleasure Ken was feeling, having been there many times before with his wife. As she would switch between licking and sucking the end of his cock and taking it all in her mouth, she would also be raking his balls ever so teasingly with her nails. After a few more minutes Ken grabbed Christine's head and held it in place. Phil saw her throat move as she swallowed the load that Ken gave her.

Once Ken's orgasm had finished, Tom reached down and took hold oh Christine's hand. He helped her up off her knees and escorted her over to the bed. He back her up to it so she sat down and the proceeded to undo the strap on her halter top. As Christine's breasts came into view with her fully distended nipples sticking out proudly, Phil couldn't help but groan. Fortunately the music inside the apartment meant that no-one heard him

Once her top was discarded Christine moved up the bed and lay down with her legs spread. In a moment Tom was lying at an angle with one of Christine's legs draped over his shoulder. His head, though, was buried between her thighs sucking on her pussy. As Phil watched, Ken stroked his semi-hard cock then climbed onto the bed and knelt by Christine's head. Christine turned her head towards Ken and he moved forward to let his cock once again slide past her lips. 

Phil saw the door at the other end of the room open and Steve walked into the room. He had stripped and stood there watching the group on the bed. Christine was so wrapped up in the what she was doing and was being done to her that she didn't realise a third person had arrived. Steve walked over to Tom and tapped him on the shoulder. Tom moved away from Christine's pussy at which point to opened her eyes to see the new arrival. She said something and smiled. 

Steve climbed onto the bed between her legs and ran his cock up and down her slit. Phil had a perfoect view as Steve's cock entered his wife's pussy for the first time. Steve stopped with just the tip inside Christine's entrance. Phil could see Christine saying something and assumed she was begging Steve to stick his cock in her properly. Steve withdrew and Christine moved down the bed to chase after his pole. Steve said something and the other two took hold of Christine's arms. Phil started to get worried that something untoward was going to happen but then Steve moved forward and again rubbed his cock up and down Christine's slit then paused with it just inside her entrance. This teasing went on for at least ten minutes, at the end of which Christine's head was moving backwards and forwards and her heps were lifting towards Steve as much as they could every time Steve's prick touched her.

At the end of that time Steve took pity on Christine, slid his cock deep into her dripping pussy, and started fucking her hard and fast. The other men released her arms and her nails dug into the duvet. Phil couldn't remember ever seeing Christine so worked up. He was sure that if either Tom or Ken put their cock in her hand now she would probably rip it off she was so worked up. Christine's eyes were closed and Ken bravely (to Phil) approached her put his cock back in her mouth. He stroked her head softly while he watched Steve pump her. 

Tom said something and Steve, without pulling out, rolled over so that Christine was on top of him. With her breasts pressed against his chest, they glued their mouths together and continued fucking. 

Tom was stroking Christine's back and buttocks. He bent down and started kissing and licking her buttocks. She parted her legs further and ground her pelvis into Steve. Tom moved his hand down between her legs and drew some moisture towards her anus. Although they had discussed it, Phil and Christine had never had anal sex and Phil was interested to see what would happen now. He was pleasantly surprised when Christine disconnected her mouth from Steve's, turned to look at Tom and shook her head no.

A brief exchange followed between her and Tom at the end of which Tom seemed to resign himself to not screwing Christines arse. Phil wondered what Christine had said to convince him.

Phil had by now released his own cock from his shorts. He was amazed that he had lasted so long before doing so. He was stroking himself slowly and leaking precum by the gallon.

Steve rolled back over so that he was again on top of Christine. His pace increased briefly and came the final thrusts as he pumped his jism deep inside her. Christine writhed in a series of orgasms as Steve stopped pumping. Steve lifted himself off Christine and Tom immediately took his place. Her head moved from side to side and her eyes were closed tightly. Tom held Christine's hips and started thrusting faster. Tom's body stiffened as he shot his cum into her. Tom then collapsed on top of Christine, drained of energy. He didn't have a chance to lie there long, however, because Ken tapped in on the shoulder. 

As Tom moved out of the way, Ken mounted Christine, sliding his cock into her pussy which was dripping with Steve's and Tom's cum. Phil momentarily wondered how that would feel and started moving his hand up and down his tool faster than previously, sensing that they were approaching a conclusion and he wanted to get there too. Ken was fucking Christine hard and fast. To Phil, this was definitely fucking, not making love. Steve and Tom left the bed and watched them from the couch. Ken didn't last long before he spurted his cum into Christine's pussy. 

Too late, Phil sensed someone behind him. He turned around to see the young woman from earlier in the day right behind him. She was wearing a cropped blouse and a short skirt but her blouse was open and she was kneading her breasts as she looked past Phil into the apartment. She reached down and removed Phil's hand from his prick and then put both of his hands on her breasts. She then reached down between them and took Phil's prick in her hands. 

With a tight grip on him, she led him towards to patio wall. When her back was against it she loosened her skirt to reveal a shaven mound with only a very thin strip of hair. Phil moved one of his hands down her body and between her legs. He assumed that she had been watching him and the action for some time because she was soaking wet and started juddering in orgasm as he touched her clitoris. Phil loosened his shorts and let them fall to the floor. He bent his legs and moved between the young woman's. As they felt his prick at her lips their mouths met in a tongue wrestling kiss.

Phil pushed up and entered her very wet cunt, sliding fully in in one motion. As he bottomed out he felt her internal muscles massaging his prick. He held both of her breasts and started squeezing and kissing her nipples and then erupted inside of her. The strength of his orgasm made his legs go week but he stayed upright and the two of them held on to each other as they came down from their highs.

As phil came to his senses he moved back towards to apartment window but couldn't see Christine. He realised how ridiculous he must look in just his shirt and his shoes so he reached down and picked up his shorts.

The young woman joined him at the window and as they watched, Christine emerged from a room off to one side that Phil assumed was a bathroom because she was wrapped in her towel.

The young woman took Phil's hand and led him around to the front of the apartment block and in through the front door. He was telling her that he had to leave but she refused to let go of his hand. She opened the door to an apartment and it was only as she dragged him through it that he realised it was to apartment G15. As they walked into the apartment Christine looked up. When she saw the young woman she relaxed but when she saw Phil her expression changed and she got a worried look in her eyes.

The young woman turned out to be Tom's sister Marcia. She knew Christine from old and had decided to watch the action after Tom had asked her to disappear for the evening after having invited Christine round, even though Christine had expected her to be there. When it became apparent that Phil had seen everything, Christine looked worried – until Marcia had described her adventure with Phil. Tom didn't look best pleased but there was nothing he could do about it.

Phil and Christine left about fifteen minutes later and walked back to their hotel. When they were back in their room Phil grabbed his wife and they kissed like teenagers with hands and tongues all over the place. It took them about thirty seconds to get out of their clothes and before Christine knew it, Phil was inside her pounding away. She wrapped her legs around his hips and drew him right inside. At the same time she rakes her nails down his back. The pain of her nails and the pleasure of being inside his wife again sent Phil over the top in very quick time. As he came, telling her how much he loved her, Christine's orgasm hit her. They both agreed it was a wonderful end to an amazing night