 Once again, thank you for the comments and feedback. You guys have really motivated me to jot my thoughts down. A special thank you goes out to Rockcrawler & Company, and to Ally for the help and wonderful words of encouragement. If you haven't read the first seven stories you might want to start there. Feel free to send me your thoughts. I will respond. Don't forget to vote. Enjoy.

The weather was frigidly cold. Wrapped in a heavy afghan quilt, I stared outside my apartment window. Flurries were starting to form. The sky was slate gray and overcast. This was the perfect day to stay indoors. It was a Saturday at the beginning of November in the Midwest. The wind whipped and whistled outside, stripping the trees down to their forlorn looking branches. Locally nothing but corn existed to stop the chill biting winds – and corn isn't the most insulating of barriers. 

So far, I was enjoying a laid back Saturday morning. I was sitting in my overstuffed, rust-colored recliner, a 1970s-throwback monstrosity that I picked up for practically nothing at a used furniture store. Coltrane was playing crazy cool on my stereo, saying "Good Morning" in his own special way. I held a cup of Earl Gray gingerly to my lips, blowing gently. It was too hot, but I sipped it anyway. The warm, lemony liquid brought life to my sleepy limbs, and sent caffeine rushing to my bloodstream. A half-eaten bagel and cream cheese lay on the end table next to me. I picked it up and chewed. Then I washed down the doughy taste with more tea. I smiled, contentedly. The drowsiness was gone. I was ready to face the new day.

I am sure that I would not soon forget the phone call that I had received last night. Jessica, my blonde bombshell student, rang me up at 2:30 a.m. waking me from my slumber. No problem! I had learned that any phone call from Jessica would result in something interesting, and also more than a little naughty. This call was no different. After a few minutes of pleasantries, I learned that Jessica's ultra-cute roomie, Shannon, was about to go down on Jessica – and I would get to listen to every sexy detail. Jessica described that process with excruciating specificity. I couldn't help but jerk off as I listened to two nasty teenage coeds pleasure each other on the other end of the line. In the end, Jessica's filthy descriptions pushed me over the edge. I came in a sticky mess of jizz and lotion. 

Before hanging up, Jessica told me that she and Shannon would be coming by later tonight (around 8:00 p.m.) Maybe I was getting cocky, but I was pretty sure sex with one or both of those delicious strumpets would be on the menu. 

I spent the first part of my day studying. My head felt clear. Everything was clicking. Concepts were coming easily today. I took advantage of this unusual luck, and I set to work armed with several colors of highlighters and note-taking pens. Time flew and I soon broke for lunch. After some P, B, & J, I decided to switch gears. I broke out several student outlines, and set to work grading them. A few were decent, but most were rushed drivel. That was understandable, since the assignments were lame and contrived exercises in busy-work that lacked a purpose. It was one of those unfortunate tasks that the section head required that I assign. The students hated the assignment, and learned nothing. Grading them was even worse. But there wasn't anything I could do. If I wanted a paycheck, I had to follow orders.

I did a little more reading and outlined a paper after that. My mind wasn't into it, though. I was losing focus, by thinking about the night that lay ahead of me. I felt my mind wandering; I even caught my hand absently drifting southward to play with my crotch. Studying had become useless. So I packed up my books and shut down the computer. I was done with schoolwork for the day.

Instead, I started cleaning. The place really wasn't a mess, but it also wasn't ready for female company. I did the dishes and vacuumed. The bathroom got a scrubbing, and I started up a couple loads of laundry (I made sure to wash the sheets on my bed – I wouldn't want to impede any bed-based activities by the presence of unclean sheets). After a couple of hours of work, the place looked much better. It was still a crappy grad pad with mismatched furniture, but at least it was clean. Besides, just having my own apartment probably put me in my own class. Privacy, away from the prying eyes of roommates and dorms, was a unique commodity in the world of undergraduate students.  

It was about 6:00 p.m. when finished cleaning. I stepped into the shower to wash the smell of ammonia cleaning fluid off of my body. I shaved, and put on some Dockers, a button-down shirt, and a cable-knit sweater. I checked myself out in the mirror. Not bad, I thought. I was ready for a night of romance / serious fucking.

I settled down in front of the television; I needed to relax. There was a little time before the ladies were due. I picked up the remote and started flipping through channels. Blech! Saturday evening programming, nothing was on. I cycled through the options twice and finally landed on the History Channel. They were featuring a special on the life and works of the Marquis De Sade. How appropriate! Maybe I could pick a few devilish tips and suggestions, I thought. But I was too tired. My eyes drooped and I drifted off into a light slumber.

The chime of my doorbell woke me up. I looked at the clock on the wall. It was only 7:30 p.m. How odd! It didn't seem like Jessica or Shannon to be the types to arrive early. They were much more likely to be the fashionably late sort. I would bet money that they typically arrived when the party was going full swing. They would want to be the center of attention. 

I got up from my chair and went to the door. The bell rang again as I reached for the knob. I opened the door expecting to see Jessica and Shannon. Instead, I was completely surprised. 

Sarah, a grad student friend of mine, stood in the outside hallway looking disheveled and flustered. She was bundled in a large, brown overcoat, and her hair was blown wild by the outside wind. Her face was a mask of emotions. I couldn't tell what those feelings were were, but they were clearly ready to bubble to the surface.

We looked at each other for a long moment, neither of us sure what to say. She spoke first; "Can I come in?"

Shit! I wanted to talk to Sarah, but Jessica and Shannon were due in a few minutes. If they arrived while she was here, it would be very awkward. "Umm, Sarah it is good to see you but this isn't the best of times."

"Please? I just need a couple of minutes. I'd really like to talk to you." 

"Are you sure this can't wait?" I asked. 

"No, I don't think it can. I have to get these thoughts out of my head. They are killing me. Please?"

I looked at Sarah, scrutinizing her face. She was dead serious, and more than a little nervous. Our last conversation looked like it had taken a heavy toll on Sarah's psyche. Whatever it was that she had to say, she it was pretty important to her. Shit! This couldn't be good. I knew that all of my fucking around would come back to haunt me. I guess that is what I get for offering up grades for sexual favors. Let's do this. I nodded. Sarah looked instantly relieved. I backed away from the door and made room for her to enter my apartment.

"Have a seat. Can I get you something to drink?" I asked. 

Sarah replied, "Yeah, something alcoholic would be great. Do you have any wine?" She had taken off her overcoat and draped it over the arm of my love seat. She then sat down. Sarah was wearing a white button down men's dress shirt that was tucked into a pair of faded blue jeans. The top couple of buttons were left undone, so that I could get a glimpse of her marvelous rack. A deep red, astrology crystal dangled from a chain around her neck. Sarah's customary black boots completed the look. I couldn't tell if this was something she had just thrown together, or if it was carefully crafted to look casual, settled, and relaxed.

"I have some of that terrible boxed wine. I could tap it for you and pour you a glass?"

I think she smiled. That was a good sign. "Sure, that sounds great."

I went my cabinets and pulled out a wineglass. I filled it part way with a light, golden fluid that could – on a good day - loosely be called "Chardonnay." There were times that being a poor graduate student really sucked. Many of them involved cheap-ass wines. 

I handed the glass to Sarah and she immediately slugged it down. "I'd say that was nice, but it wasn't" she said with a smile. "Can I have another?" she asked, holding up the empty glass.

I smiled back and went to get her a refill. I handed it to her and she lightly sipped the liquid. She looked like she was lost in thought, like she had something important to say but she didn't know where to start. I waited patiently. Whatever this was that she wanted to say, it shouldn't be forced. The words started slowly; "What you told me, turned my world upside down. I haven't been able to think about anything else. I knew that things like that must happen, but I never would have guessed that you would be involved (or that I would hear about it). It was such a shock. I am so sorry for running out of the room like that. That was inexcusable. I just didn't know how to take it. I needed some time alone to process what you said."

I looked at her and smiled uneasily. I wasn't sure where this was going. My best option would be to keep quiet until I knew where Sarah was headed. So I gestured for her to go on....

"First, I need to let you know that I'll keep my word to you. You told me out of trust, so I won't tell anyone else. I really appreciate the level of trust you have shown me. We're friends, dude. I'd like to keep it that way. While not everyone would agree with your choices, I don't know that your life needs to be tossed away because of them."

I felt a massive weight being lifted off of my shoulders. Everything suddenly felt so much easier. I know that I visibly relaxed, as I could see Sarah warmly smiling back at me. The ice was thoroughly broken. I replied to Sarah, "Gee, you don't know what that means to me. Ever since that conversation we had in your office, my mind has been running in circles. I haven't known what to say or do. I had thought that everything could be over for me. Thank you." I leaned over to hug Sarah. Clearly, she was not expecting to be embraced. Her body was rigid and unsure. After a moment, though, she melted; I could feel her loosening up in my arms. We stayed like that for a long moment, both of us surrendering to the friendship in that hug. 

We broke apart. I could see her eyes twinkling. There was a humor to her voice when she asked, "So I want to know more, and give me all the gory details. How did you and Jessica hook up?"

"Oh? Why would you want to know that?"

"Jessica is a pretty attractive young lady. I just wanted to know what she was doing with a dork like you."

"Hey, you weren't able to resist these masculine charms either. I seem to recall a few evenings when my dorkiness was not problem."

Sarah blushed, "Whatever, dude! I guess it is. Your machismo was pretty formidable. But you still haven't answered my question."

I was about to respond, when I heard the doorbell. Game time! Sarah didn't seem to be a threat anymore and in fact appeared to be fascinated with Jessica. Why not ride this out and see where it goes? It didn't seem like anything bad would happen. I said to Sarah, "If you really want to know, you can ask Jessica yourself. That is probably her and Shannon at the door."

Sarah appeared startled. Her voice suddenly became tense and nervous. Was that fear? Anticipation? "Jessica is at the door? And Shannon? Who's Shannon? Whatever, dude. I am not sure if it is the best idea that I am here. I could get in a lot of trouble for being around them."

"True," I said, trying to play it as cool as I could, "But then you wouldn't get to learn anything either. It is your choice, Sarah. You could crawl out a bedroom window if you like."

Sarah thought for a moment. She seemed torn, like she was at the brink of a critical decision. The doorbell rang again. Her face contorted into a grimace. "Fuck it," Sarah said. "Dude, let's meet these ladies."

I opened the door to find Jessica and Shannon with their luscious backsides facing towards me. While the women were both wrapped in winter coats, they were also wearing very short skirts. They had to be freezing. Both women were slightly bent at the waist, sticking their beautiful posteriors up and out. Their skirts were hitched up above their hips, making their rounded ass cheeks completely visible. I wanted to grope and maul them both. Jessica was wearing a pink, lacy pair of boy shorts, while Shannon had on sheer, black t-backs. Together, Jessica and Shannon giggled as they said in unison, "Good evening, Professor." They were too cute for words. Never, in my wildest dreams had I ever expected to be greeted at the door like this. 

"Welcome girls," I said. "That is lovely. Never have I seen two more perfect asses. Now why don't you come inside?" I moved out of the way and beckoned them into my apartment. I closed the door. At first Jessica and Shannon were laughing pretty hard, and then they both abruptly stopped. All eyes lasered in on Sarah, who was leaning against the back wall. She had a bemused expression her face; her stance was cool and relaxed. Just looking at her, I did not expect any problems to come from Sarah. She was too at ease.

"Well this is a little awkward," Sarah said breaking the ice. She moved to the two teens and extended her hand. "We haven't formally met. My name is Sarah and I am glad to meet the both of you. And by the way, both of you have lovely butts. Thank you for showing them off."

Jessica and Shannon both shook hands and introduced themselves. Both coeds were clearly surprised. Their body language was forced and guarded. The moment was surreal. I don't think I had ever seen Jessica caught off guard before. It was pretty interesting - sexy even.  



Shannon spoke next, "Do I know you? You look awfully familiar?"

"Maybe," Sarah replied. She smirked.

"That's true," Jessica said. "You do look familiar, I think...." Then Jessica stopped talking mid-sentence. Her eyes became wide as saucers and her mouth fell open in disbelief. Jessica was speechless.

"That's right. I covered his class last week. I guess it was more memorable for me, than it was for you," Sarah said with a grin. 

Shannon spoke next, "Yeah, I remember. That was the day you were gone, wasn't it Professor? Jessica and I had a great plan to tease you in class. We totally dressed up special and everything. We had those matching schoolgirl outfits. Do you remember, Jessica?"

"Yup, I do," said Jessica. Her voice sounded sheepish and I could see her blushing. This was good. It was so fun to see the tables turned on Jessica. I couldn't wait to see where this situation went.

"Why don't we have a seat," Sarah suggested. "I think we can all get a little more comfortable after we sit down." I nodded, before gesturing at the chairs in the living room. 

I poured a round of drinks, making sure to get myself an extra helping. I had no idea where this was going. Sarah seemed to have taken control of the evening. At best, I was along for the ride. That was fine by me, since the results seemed like they might be pretty interesting. 

I handed out the drinks and surveyed the women one-by-one. All of them were breathtaking, each in their own way. Jessica and Shannon were wearing short skirts and sexy little tops. Both had scoop necks, putting their cleavage on full display. The two women were both wearing those Ugg style boots (Shannon's were light brown while Jessica's were pink) that are all the rage among college coeds. Jessica still had the voluptuous, blonde Barbie look, while Shannon was a cute, alternative hipster. Clearly, they had both gone through some effort to look good. Sarah, while still very sexy, was more refined in her jeans / dress shirt combo. Her demeanor had changed completely since she first walked through my front door. She was poised and in total control of the situation. Nothing could be hotter! I was such a lucky guy to be sitting in this room with these three goddesses. 

Shannon was the least phased of the three women by the oddness of the situation. The expression on her face was of minor confusion – probably over the reason for Sarah's presence. Sarah looked smug, like a hatching plan was about to come true. Jessica looked the most unusual. She was rigid, subdued, and turning an unhealthy shade of green. Certainly, she was itching to know what was going on.

Taking a swig of her wine, Sarah began to talk again, "Ladies, I know why you are here. You were going to have sex with this dork over here." Sarah pointed at me. "Is this true?"

Shannon looked startled. She turned to Jessica for guidance. Jessica was still out of it. She simply shrugged her shoulders and nodded.

"Good. I am glad to see that we can be honest with each other. I too have my secret. I came here to talk to the Professor about you guys," Sarah's voice was dripping with sarcasm as she said the word 'Professor.' She had caught onto how Jessica and Shannon had playfully given me that moniker. Her face was consumed by a devilish grin; she was up to something. Sarah continued, "I wanted to tell him that everything was cool. I also wanted to let him know that I couldn't get that class out of my mind. The memory was agonizing torture. Jessica, you know why, right?"

Jessica was looking down, studying her feet. She slowly nodded.

Sarah leaned back in her chair and smiled, before continuing to speak, "What we have here is a true opportunity. Let's take full advantage of the situation. Shall we make everything really honest? I have a proposal. I think we should play a game. I think we should play truth or dare. It might lead us to where we all want to go. Maybe then we can say what we think, and perhaps have little bit of fun while doing it. What do you guys say?"

Truth or dare? I didn't understand. This was unexpected. Where was Sarah going? "What? That makes no sense. I don't get it. What are you driving at?"

Jessica raised her head and locked her eyes with mine. Her voice was sharp and serious as she answered for Sarah, "Oh, Professor! You can be so obtuse at times. If you don't get it, you really need to play." Jessica's face brightened as she continued to talk, "But maybe that is why I like you." She turned to face Sarah. "Hmmmn? I think that's a good idea. A game might be fun. Shannon, what do you think?" 

Shannon seemed surprised to have the conversation turned back on her. "Sure, I guess. A game might be cool."

Everyone turned to face me. I could feel their question. While there was no doubt what I wanted to do, I paused for a moment as if the decision needed careful consideration. Then I answered, "Sure," I said. "Who am I to go against the will of the group, especially when it is three very sexy ladies? Who starts?"

"Nice one there. As if you were going to say no," Sarah said. "I guess I will start, since I suggested this whole thing. My proposal, my doom, eh? Let's bring it on. Truth."

Jessica spoke first, "Let's just put the cards on the table. What exactly did you see when you taught class the other day?"

Sarah moistened her lips and said with total confidence, "Exactly? I saw a lot of things. Some students took notes. Others fell asleep. One blonde student, in particular, made quite an impression. I believe, Jessica, that you weren't wearing panties. Right there is class you spread your legs and showed me your shaved kitty cat. I don't think I have ever seen anything more obscene. Or beautiful." 
