 I heard a lot of the guys in the grand room watching pre-game. I saw no one on my way to my room. When I sat down on my bed and exhaled....that flush of awareness bounced thru me, got my balls roiling again. 

"Fuck yeah," I said to my reflection. I stripped and with one thought went to the showers: I wanted to show off...I stood in the shower toying, for a long five minutes; finally someone was coming down the hall. I turned my back my hard-on wouldn't be immediately seen. Dale, one of the oldest frat brothers called out, "Hey Z! Out all night?" 

"You know it!" I called back; I washed one butt cheek and stroked my cock with my other hand and looked back at Dale at the urinal. "Reliving it right now!!!" 

"I see you are... (his eyes went to my hard-on) I'll leave you two alone." He pissed looking over his shoulder a couple of times in spite of what he'd just said. I turned to fully show my hard cock, I didn't hesitate to get into stroking my whole body staring down at my hands the whole time. Dale walked out, "Lucky, whoever they were!"

That's exactly what I wanted. I played a little longer, but didn't want to come, so I strolled back to my room, fully hard. I stopped at the stairs and looked down, no one was moving. In my room I chose old track pants and a skin tight running T that didn't quite come down to my waist. My pube was visible every time I moved, my cock clearly outlined. I was vibrating again. In the grand room I pretended to watch the game, when really I was looking to see who was looking. Dale sat opposite me and was the main one looking. 

Dale was a former baseball player; an injury ended his career, he was still fit and lean. The game was close and tense at times. Just before half time Dale got up and got sodas for people. He stood behind me where I sat on the couch. When I looked up he smiled and winked. After a minute he reached down and rubbed my neck and shoulders. It felt great. Half-time was minutes away, on a commercial break he said, "I'm jealous of you guys still on a team. You get body work whenever you need. I can't afford a massage therapist these days. I miss it, man." 

"If you keep that up, I'll give you one sometime. My ex-girlfriend was a chiro's assistant and taught me the tricks of the trade." I felt every rub on my shoulders down into my balls. He kept up the rubbing; I started chubbing. When his hands roamed down to my pecs, I moaned under my breath which I'm sure he felt thru his hands. Half-time came and everyone jumped up. 

"I'll take you up on the massage any time you got the time..." Dale patted my left pec. 

"How 'bout now? Half-time?" I hadn't moved, was looking at him upside down from the couch. 

He blinked and nodded. I jumped up and headed to the stairs, "Your room?" He was walking with me. He nodded again.

His room was the floor below mine; we closed the door, but no one was around as most guys watching the game were in the kitchen. I sat on the edge of his bed as he lay on his stomach. As I rubbed his shoulders, "What in your body is bothering you?"

"Mmmm, my lower back is sore from sitting all day in class." His voice was muffled in his crossed arms and pillow. I lifted his sweat shirt and he pulled it over his head. For the next fifteen minutes I gave him a real massage, pulling, isolating muscle groups and pushing down his spine to his hips. "Wow that's amazing; you really do know what you're doing!"

"Yeah, I like seeing a body relax, my gal got me hooked on massage. I thought about getting licensed." I let my hands curve around the sides of his hips to where is pube hairs tickled my fingers, he didn't move away. On the next down stroke I slid my hands a little under his waist band, exposing more of his lower back and the tops of his butt cheeks. I repeated that move a couple more times until I included most of his bare glutes in the wide strokes up and down his back. I was more than half hard and shaking in my belly a bit. I gave a few deep pushes to his glutes, kinda humping his mattress by my down thrusts. I let my hands linger under the front of his hips a few times too. "There ya go, dude. How was that?" I patted his bared ass. 

"Uhuh....great. Thanks. I feel better, looser already."

"Great. Anytime you want another want more work, just ask, k?" He hadn't pulled up his sweats and boxers and rolled onto his side. His natural line of hair and pubes was inches from my hip. The heat was bouncing between us; his heavy cock flopped when he rolled onto his side.

"Yeah. I will, maybe some evening after a long day at the desk."

"Sure, anytime, man," I stood up which made my half hard immediately visible. "Gotta piss, man." I turned and walked out. I glanced back and he had his hand in his boxer, giving himself an adjusting tug. 

I pissed and checked my laundry, changed it over. 

Some yelled from the grand room, "Game on!"

I wanted a couch seat so I dashed. I got my same seat. Dale wasn't there yet, but came in the room a minute later. His face was flushed and he had on a different shirt. He winked again and did a sly mime of jacking off. I grinned back, nodded and gave him a high five as he flopped next to me. It got me hot that he jacked off after that quick back rub. 

We sat next to each other on the couch and at times during tense game moments he grabbed me or draped over me, once even draped over after a heartbreaking play and copped a long feel of my cock shaft. I wanted just that: sly attention. The game droned on for most of the next quarter and a half. I got a text from J, saw he attached a pic. Dale's ankle was crossed over mine on the floor, he was that close. 

I opened the text J said, "Tonight buddy! But forgot dinner with Mom. We'll hang at 7:30. My place. Go strutting around, go be a stud!" I opened the pic; it was the one of our boners and silly smiles from this morning. Dale didn't see it. I know I turned red. I shifted my leg so Dale and I were connected thigh to thigh. On a sudden interception against us, Dale grabbed me from behind, pressed his face into my shoulder blades, saying, "Noooo! I can't look!" Everyone was moaning and bitching, hiding behind their hands or pillows. We were spooned now. I was little spoon. 

The other team set up two quick plays, they were positioned to score. No one noticed or cared to notice Dale was hanging on to my back. He cock was hot in the small of my back; his heavy biceps squeezed and flexed one under my pecs and the other across my belly. When the other team scored with less than two minutes to go, I knew it was over. A couple of guys got up and left. Dale sat back and I rolled on to my back next to him, still lying thigh to thigh. We lost the game on a whimper. Guys filed out, most were heading out to get drunk and eat fried food at the nearby Appleby's. I wouldn't break training for either beer or cheesy fries. 

Dale rolled over on top of me as we were suddenly alone. He said nothing but ground his cock against me for a long moment, laughed it off then got up. From the door he said, "Can I buy you a beer?"

I put both my hands down my track pants, looked at him upside down from the couch, "Naw, thanks though. Can't break training." I patted my abs and pube. Guys were calling out from the open front door. Dale waved at them, but stared at me for an eyeful of me rolling my balls in my hands inside my pants. They called again, he said, "Later, another time?" 

I stood up and brushed his bulge as I walked by him, "Yeah..." 

I thought, that counts as strutting around! I texted J, "Bored?"

J: "YUP"

Sitting on the main stairs, "Want me to tell you about me day so far? I think I've done what you told me..."

J: "Hell yeah!"

I told him about showing off for Dale in the shower, rubbing Dale, him jacking off after, the spooning, the humping, and what I thought of as an offer to get drunk and mess around. 

J: "Zoinks! Go get 'em tiger!"

"I've three hours to kill....."

J: "You just made working for the church ladies sooo much better....go get yer stud on, I gotta get back, text more...."

"Roger that! See ya later."

The house was pretty quiet. I could hear two guys debating economics in the study...I went up a flight of stairs, stopped at the landing of the second floor. No noise. Up to the third floor, no noise. I didn't bother with the floors of the back wing of the house. Fourth floor and I saw Dale's door was open. No noise, so I peeped in. Sure enough the shirt he'd been wearing was dropped on the floor; from the doorway, I could see what I knew to be come stains on it. His was the only door open, so I pulled it mostly closed. Up on the fifth floor only the drier was running and the radiator was gurgling. I looked back down the stairs. 

On impulse kicked off my clothes and stroking myself slow walked down all the way to the lobby landing then back up the stairs. The thought of getting caught sent a thrill that made my hairs stand up. I stood against the wall by my door, the whole hallway empty in front of me. Edging time!! I tossed my clothes into my room and snagged a drop of lube. In only my black short socks I jacked.....I sat on the carpet, my ass flexing up and down. I squatted against the wall too; my balls heavy and swinging under my ass which kind opened and closed as I rode the waves of my hot session. 

There was a window that looked out on to the side street. In a flash I was standing in the sill, the cold glass a shock on my cock. The dribble of precum made a smear as I humped the glass. It was too cold on the glass. I hopped down. 

In the middle of the hallway I stood legs as wide as I could stand and fucked my fists. Moans became uncontrollable, I stopped myself from coming by throwing my hands straight up like a winner and tossed my head back and just standing there clenching my whole body. I squeezed my ass tight and looked down as I felt a gob of pre-come boil up from my balls and stretch my piss slit wide. The gob fell to the carpet. I left it there. 

I shook off the urge to jack more. The gob on the floor and the smear on the window felt like trophies. I saw my phone half outta the pocket of my track pants. I snatched it up, jumped back into the window sill and took a pic mostly from behind, but side view too, my cock pressed against the window. With the words, "edging time in the hall," I sent it to J, who didn't respond. Only 20 minutes had passed. 

Not knowing what to do to keep from jacking more and still pretty sore from working out earlier, grabbed a towel for a cold shower. It backed me off the edge. Still no one around and no response from J. In my room when I bent to pick up my clothes off the floor, I spied my yoga mat under my bed. I glanced at the clock, if there was a 5:00 session I could just make it in time. The schedule was on my desk, there was a class. Yes! 

My ex had been a dancer and like a good boyfriend I took yoga with her, actually liking it as an addition to training. She'd bought me a great pair of yoga shorts: they hung low on my hips, showed off my body really well. I'd always worn briefs under them at her telling me to, but today I tugged them over my bare balls and ass, put on a sweater, grabbed mat and towel. I stopped in the kitchen to mix a juice for dinner and made it to the studio with minutes to spare. I scanned for open spots: one right up front and then saw Brett, one of my wrestling teammates in the back corner. He smiled and started to say something when the teacher came in the room. 

I flipped my mat next to his; there would be a space for one more person on the other side of me. Brett looked just past me and his girl, Quinn came in the room, said hey under her breath and took the spot next to me. I was between them. I'd always had a crush on her, she'd avoided my passes freshman year and they had been steady since. 

We settled into the rhythm of the session right away. I got hot right away and took off my sweater, naked to the pube and ass crack now. After a few minutes Quinn took off her long sleeve, she was wearing a sports bra. Brett took off his T-shirt then too. Most guys were bare-chested and the girls in skin tight yoga pants and bra type tops. I could see the tops of Brett's tighty-whiteys in some poses. I thought I caught them exchanging significant glances a couple of times. I was in a deep back-bend and rotated my neck, Brett was doing the same, but looking my way...we held eye contact and smiled. His eyes flashed at my midsection real fast then back to my face....I looked over him at the mirror behind him. In the back bend, my cock and balls made a huge bump away from my pelvis. I grinned wider to see him blush. 

I stayed in the back bend and turned toward Quinn who was turned away. I could see her nipples erect thru her top. BOOM! The thought took my breath away: yup I'd be in the middle, the blue ball ache made it awkward to come down gracefully outta the pose. We were called to corpse pose to finish practice. I know I should've been still inside, but I fantasized about the three of us fucking and fucking, different positions, I remembered what Brett looked like in the shower, although he was super shy and didn't hang around much. 

He was copper headed, covered with freckles. Shiny brown eyes and dimples, the kinda boy girls giggle over. He was stacked too, built tight and fierce he was just less than two inches taller than me. Quinn was maybe part Asian? Maybe Hawaiian, I'd never known, but super lithe, with eyes and lips to die for. Her boobs seem to hover in front of her. The image of her under me, wet legs spread and the feeling of Brett spooning me from behind echoed thru me for the few minutes we spent cooling down. It occurred to me that Brett and I were in the same weight class now and would soon be training partners. Class ended. I succeeded in not popping wood.

As we were rolling up our mats, Quinn smiled, leaned over Brett, kissed his nose (really), said HI Zach!, waved bye to me and headed out the door. "Break from work," is what I caught from what Brett said into his towel. We were sitting against the back wall, still shirtless. Most people were quickly exiting. The yoga teacher called, "Brett, you've got the clean up today?" He waved and nodded, blushing for no reason as people turned to look at who she called to. I saw Quinn outside thru the window, "You're two are damn lucky, my friend." 

"So are you, I m m m mean so is y y y yours, I mean do you h-h-ha-ha-have a g-g-girl?!" I didn't know he had a stutter. I laughed a little, "Thanks. Single these days," set my hand on is forearm briefly, smiled in understanding. I hadn't interrupted him or commented on the stammer...he blushed and looked at his fingers. 

"Can I help with clean up some how?" his flash of gratitude at my accepting his stammer was almost hidden when his hair flopped into his eyes. I stood and offered him a hand in standing. 

"S-S-S-S-Sure. Dust mop's over there, there, there." He was stacking blocks and mats. I began back and forth over the floors, when I passed him as he was bent folding blankets; he stood and suddenly put on his shirt. There was laughter from those who were still milling around the front of the studio. He jumped. Man he was shy. As I put away the mop, I spied a small newspaper clipping; it was Brett earning his black belt. The yoga studio also had martial arts. I looked at him, busy with the stereo and CDs. I barely knew him, and now knew he was deeper than I gave him credit. I stood and took a long drink from my water bottle. He paused hands on hips, brushed hair outta his eyes. When he turned to me, I grinned, "We're gonna be wrestling partners in a few....would you like to get to know each other a bit off mat before. Talk over food, workout, maybe?" 

"Y-Y-Yyeah, that'd'd be helpful, th-th-thanks."

I put on my sweater, fighting the urge to stay half naked and show off. Something told me to be gentle. I saw J's face challenging me to be open to him....I relaxed my shoulders a bit and felt my way into being gentle for Brett. His body language shifted a bit too. I hadn't brought my cell, so I jotted my number on a schedule and gave it to him. He tore it in half and gave me his, "I-I-I'm I'm bad-bad at call-call-calling." 

"S'ok.....I'll call you Monday after 11:00, we'll do lunch, alright?"

"N-N-N-No. I work out then. S-s-s-sor-sor-sorry."

"Together then, I can switch it up....weights, swimming or running?"

He grinned, "Ru-ru-run-running." 

"No problem. We'll text and meet at the gym at 11?"

"Al-al-al-r-r-right." He hit the light switch and it got gloomy, "I-I-I- got-uh-ta shower," he pointed over his shoulder, "grab, grab, grab a juice after? I w-w-won't be a min-minute." And he pointed across the street to the market.

"Great! Can I rinse down too?" His eyes dropped to the ground then back to somewhere about my left shoulder. 

"S-S-S-Su-sure." He left the studio for a sec and in the front reception area, flipped off lights and bolted door, secured the register and computer efficiently. He pulled two folded towels off the shelf and walked back of the studio. I hadn't realized there was a smaller studio in the back. It had some weights and other equipment, a couple of locker banks and a bench. One wall had an opened closet and another door.

Brett opened this one, it was a room with two benches a counter with sinks and at the end two shower heads in an open stall. Brett closed the door and flipped lights on; four bright heat lamps flooded the small space with heat. I controlled the urge to joke and chat. My intuition was sharply pinging. Brett stepped to the stall and turned both faucets on full blast, steam poured down immediately. 

"Wow, like a spa!" I sat on one bench.

Brett sat on the other, "S-sometimes it's the-the best part of my day, c-c-closing that door."

I lifted my sweater off, "I know that feel, bro." I gave a too large sigh and shook my hair.

He rolled his eyes at me, "Goo-goo-goofball."

"Yup!" and gave him a proud smile. I sat shirtless, not rushing anything. I took a long drink. He lifted his T-shirt off, reached over and turned on the I-pod docking station. Super mellow yoga music came on, "ugh, n-n-no." he found some Moby and grinned, "b-b-b-etter."

He stood and undid the front of his shorts and turned sideways. The waist band of his tighty-whities hugged the top of his bubble butt. I stood and let mine drop to the floor. I walked to the shower, not looking at him. I adjusted the water and stepped under the spray. I heard him yelp a bit, "Turn it down, goofball!" I said facing the wall. 

A cold splash hit my back, I squirmed away looked at him, he had a bottle of liquid soap in his hands and fake innocent look on his face. "Oh d-d—did that g-g-et you?"

I squinted and harrumphed and just held out my hands. He squeezed a stream of soap into them, then some for himself. As he turned to put the soap on the rack I looked him over, really looked him over. Abs and deep channels at his hips a shocking copper bush (trimmed nicely) and a set of cock and balls that seemed to match mine. Huh. I'd never noticed him. He soaped his chest and upper arms; I was working my shoulders and upper back. The heat and silky soap started to relax me, I'd been tense I guess....his tension was catchy. I spun slowly under the spray, caught sight of his squared off thighs and bubble butt. I sighed and let my cock fill a bit, to see his response. Next time he turned around, he was fuller than me. I held my hands out for more soap; he squeezed more into both our hands. I openly soaped my crotch, sweeping deep behind my balls. I felt a hot blush. With his head down, he was just soaping his balls, tummy and thighs too. There was a long break between songs. 

I pulled my cock for the first time, and tilted my head back for a sec, the next song came on and I jumped a little, Brett snorted, but didn't move. Head down, soapy hands circling his tummy and balls. I spread my legs a little, pulled three or four strokes. Brett flipped hair off his forehead and skipped his gaze over my face. I caught his returning glance, shrugged a little and smiled. He nodded.
