 Clay Forester sat in the waiting room twitching his left leg nervously. The more he thought about it, the more convinced he was that he and his wife, Liz, had made a big mistake in coming here.

  "Relax!" Liz said, placing her hand on his. "It's going to be okay. Remember what Helen and Barry told us!"

  The Bixbys! This was all their fault, he thought. Only a mere two weeks ago their next door neighbors, Helen and Barry, had been visiting one night and they had fallen into a discussion about some delicate marital problems Clay and Liz were having. Despite there being a slight age difference between them - Helen and Barry were in their late thirties while Clay and Liz were just pushing twenty-five - the Foresters had come to trust the Bixby's implicitly and thinking back on it, Clay decided that it was only natural that they had confided in them.

  "You really should try Dr. Burnett's counseling group," Helen had advised them with a sly grin after hearing their confession. "It saved our marriage," 

  Clay had been dead set against the idea, but Liz had convinced him to give it a try. After all, she'd reasoned, this therapist must be pretty good considering the radical change in their neighbors. Helen and Barry had never been very affectionate before and now they were like two lovebirds who couldn't keep their hands off each other On top of that, Clay had noticed a definite change in Helen's appearance. Being the exact opposite of Liz, who was a beautiful, brown-haired, green-eyed bombshell, with a fantastic set of tits, a round, shapely bottom, and long, willowy legs, Helen's small breasted, slim-hipped figure had never really appealed to him. But lately, she'd sculpted her long, black hair into a wild, feathery mane and chosen a far more provocative wardrobe that accentuated her tiny body. Even Liz had commented on how much sexier Helen looked, as well as making a few suggestive remarks about Barry. Still, Clay grumbled silently, that didn't make it any easier to come here and spill your guts to a total stranger.

  "The doctor will see you now," he heard the receptionist say.

  Taking Liz's hand, he dumbly shuffled into the office and instantly felt better. Dr. Sandy Burnett was absolutely gorgeous! Her shoulder length, champagne blonde hair glistened in the sunlight that filtered through her office window, with a full set of bangs meeting above her blue eyes, and the ends curving around her face to bring out her high cheekbones and plush lips. She wore a dark, business type jacket that was snug enough to show off her high, plump breasts and a skirt short enough to display her long, tanned legs. As he checked her out it seemed to Clay that if you had to have a sex therapist it might as well be someone as ravishing as Sandy Burnett.

  "I'm glad to finally meet you," she said, motioning them toward a plush, leather couch. "Helen and Barry told me all about you. Let me assure you both that I'm a trained professional sex therapist so I want you to feel comfortable and I want you to be honest. Now, what is your problem?"

  Clay had only half heard her spiel because he was too busy ogling her lovely thighs. Having taken a seat across from them, her skirt had ridden almost all the way up to her hip and he couldn't tear his eyes away from her sleek, bronzed flesh.

  "It's boring!" Liz peeped out of nowhere. "Our sex life is just...boring!"

  Humiliated, Clay turned his head in disgust.

  "Believe it or not, this is a very common problem with many couples," Dr. Burnett commented, giving Clay a reassuring wink.

  Then she sat back and got into a discussion with Liz about stuff like jealousy, sexual variety, and sharing, but Clay was too busy trying to prevent his slowly rising cock from forming an embarrassing tent in his pants while silently berating himself for having such lewd thoughts about the good doctor with his wife right there. After twenty minutes of highly sexual conversation, Liz seemed more relax, but he was still sweating bullets.

  "Well, you both appear to have open minds," Dr. Burnett concluded, "so let's make sure that there's no problem with Clay's equipment. Are you satisfied with his cock, Liz?"

  Liz jumped at the question. "Ah...ah...it works fine!" Liz stammered.

The doctor shook her pretty, blonde head like she wasn't convinced. In the meantime, Clay wanted desperately to vanish somehow.

  "Hmmmm! From the size of that bulge I'd say that you're probably right, but let's try a little exercise just to be positive. Liz, I want you to simply sit back and watch. Do nothing, please - unless of course you feel the need to touch yourself!"

  Clay bolted upright, shocked at the doctor's remarks and would have hauled Liz out of there if the sexy therapist hadn't risen to her feet and undressed. In a flash, her jacket and skirt lay in a neat pile on her desk and Clay was too mesmerized by her gorgeous body to move. Her black, lacy bra barely contained her large, plump breasts while her skimpy thong seemed molded onto the soft swell of her pussy and her sinewy legs looked like they could squeeze a man to death. By the time she dropped to her knees and freed his manhood, it was as hard as a rock.

  "Dr. Burnett!" Liz squeaked.

  "Please, call me Sandy," the voluptuous blonde purred as she slowly stroked Clay's rod. "Hmmmm! It appears to be in working order. Let's see!"

  Then she lowered her mouth to his prong and after swirling her tongue over his flared knob to sample the precum that bubbled up from his piss slit, parted her soft lips and swallowed his entire length in one, swift gulp. Clay couldn't help himself. Bucking his hips, he moaned deep in his chest as Sandy began bobbing steadily on his raging manhood. It was wild!

  Peering up at him with her hypnotizing, baby-blues, Sandy Burnett deep-throated his thick ten inches easily, using her tongue to massage his steely flesh and her slim fingers to jiggle his bloated nutsacks. Sinking into the sofa, Clay placed one large hand on the top of her silky, blonde head to gently guided her sucking lips up and down his shaft. It had been so long Liz had given him a proper blowjob that...Liz!

  Looking over in a panic, he was surprised to see his wife intensely observing their every move. But instead of being pissed, she was obviously aroused - he could tell by her flushed cheeks, ragged breathing, and the way her stubby nipples poked out the front of her blouse - and that only made him hornier. In no time he was jabbing his cock down Sandy's throat like a manic.

  "Oh, god! Keep it up!" he moaned, lurching his hips faster "Liz! I'm...sorry, but she's sucking me so good!"

  Suddenly, Liz released her own groan of pleasure, grabbed his hand, and placed it under her skirt so he could finger her pussy through the moist cotton of her panties! The harder Dr. Burnett sucked his cock, the faster Liz squirmed on his diddling digit until he felt his orgasm building. When Sandy began jerking him off, aimed his dicktip right at her open mouth, and told him to come, he couldn't hold back. Stream after stream of jism erupted from his knob to land squarely on her extended tongue, causing her too make all kinds of sexy sounds as she greedily gulped down his load while Liz gyrated spastically and spewed a torrent of girl goo all over his jacking hand.

  "Well, there's obviously nothing wrong with your sperm count, Clay," the sexy doctor murmured, licking her lips. "Your cock works fine. You're a lucky girl, Liz!"

  "A...thanks!" Liz sighed, still feeling the effects of her orgasm.

  "I think you've both made tremendous progress. While you're getting yourselves together, I'll have my secretary set up an appointment for next week."

  And that was that! They drove home in silence. But once their heads had cleared they realized that Dr. Burnett had brought out a lot of hidden feelings during their first session - feelings that they liked - which set off a marathon fuckfest that lasted the whole week. 

  Their second session was a repeat of the first only in reverse. After some discussion about trust and acceptance, Sandy talked about women exploring their masculine side, then stripped completely, crawled between Liz's willowy legs, and ate her out while Liz gave her husband a handjob. Dr. Burnett's large, tanned juggs with their spiky, coral colored tips, and drooling, pink gash had Clay's cock raging as soon as Liz wrapped her fingers around him. Just as before, their orgasms were earth-shattering and even though Liz would admit later on that she'd been nervous at the start, by the time they were through she had come to grips with her suppressed lesbian desires. She even had Clay go out and buy several lezzie videos that same night so that they could watch them together while they fucked.

  Their third visit found the three of them naked, sprawled out on the office floor. At Sandy's direction, Liz serviced Clay orally while he lapped away at the good doctor's golden gash, then once Sandy and Clay had come, they both went down on Liz until she reached satisfaction.

  "Congratulations you two! Your first stage of therapy is complete," Sandy sighed, when the session was over. "I think you're ready for group now. That is - if you want to join."

  Suddenly, Clay was concerned. Despite their sexual liberation, he wasn't sure if Liz was ready for that. But the instant he gazed into his wife's sparkling emerald eyes and saw her impish grin, he realized the truth.

  "Of course we do!" they replied in unison.

  That's why the following Saturday, the Foresters were knocking at the door of Sandy Burnett's posh, country home, ready and willing to participate. Sandy greeted them on the first ring with a steamy french kiss, wearing a black, filmy negligee, thong, and matching heels, 

  "I'm not going to give you the tour." she said, ushering them into the foyer. "It's probably best if you simply wander around and join in where you feel comfortable. Just remember that these are couples that once had the same problems you did. Enjoy! I'll catch up with you later." 

  Then she was gone, her glorious buttcheeks wiggling with a life of their own as she sauntered down the hall.

  "So - what do we do now?" Liz asked, nervously running her fingers through her long, chestnut hair. 

  Before Clay could answer, they heard a familiar voice.

  "Hey! There you two are!"

  Looking up, they were relieved to see Helen and Barry striding down the hall. Ever since their libidos had been recharged, Clay had wondered what it would be like to screw Helen. Now as she walked toward them, his cock started jumping. Being short and slim, Helen's tiny bosom barely pushed out the bodice of her low cut dress, but what was visible was enticing. The sheath was so tight that it seemed painted on to her trim hips and the slit that ran up one side showed a lot of supple, stocking clad thigh as she moved. But Clay wasn't the only with a roving eye; Barry was lustfully checking out Liz's hot body, too.  Clay could understand why. She really did look gorgeous tonight, having picked out her most provocative outfit - a see through red blouse and black micro-mini skirt, topped off by a pair of her spikiest fuck-me pumps. 

  "Sandy told us you'd be here! We're so glad!" Helen husked, wrapping her arms around Clay's neck. "Clay, I've wanted to do this for a long time!"

  Taking him completely by surprise, she glued her lips to his and slipped her tongue into his mouth. The closeness of her body along with the heady fragrance of her perfume made him crazy. Kissing her back, he was a little worried about Liz's reaction, but he needn't have been. When they broke apart, he glanced over to see his sexy wife passionately frenching Barry.

  "Come on! Let's mingle!" Helen said.

  Dr. Burnett's living room was huge, plush, and well furnished with a layout of food and booze big enough to feed an army. A quick head count told Clay there were about eight couples there ranging in age from twenty to fifty and already the action was heating up. Off in one corner, a middle aged man with salt and pepper hair and a young blonde were practically dry humping each other.

  "That's Patty," Helen commented. "She's real wild. Things should start moving fast now!"

  As if on cue, Dr, Burnett appeared out of nowhere to dim the lights, then slipped out of her negligee and began circulating around the room. The girl named Patty swiftly removed her top, revealing a pair of high, firm pink-nippled breasts, sank to the floor, and had the older man's cock out of his pants in a flash. As she popped the guy's rising dick into her mouth, he noticed people drifting off together into small groups. 

  On the other side of the food table, a black man sank into a leather recliner, hauled a striking woman in her forties down onto his lap, and fished her large, floppy boobs out of her blouse so he could nurse on them lustfully. A second later, another black man strolled over to the couple and whipped out his ebony boner for the woman to fondle and lick. The wives of the two men - both lean, ebony beauties - had cornered a robust redheaded woman and were slowly stripping her while the woman's husband watched and jerked off.

  "Pretty wild, huh?" Helen whispered, pressing her tiny bosom into his arm. "Is any of this getting you interested in some fun, Clay?"

  If the ensuing orgy wasn't enough to get him aroused, Helen had casually shimmied out of her dress to pose seductively in her garterbelt, dark stockings, and heels. Her flowing, ebony locks cascaded down over her soft shoulders almost to her small chest which was nothing more than a pair of hard, round sacks topped by two cute, brown gumdrops. Her tummy was sleek and well muscled, her hips and legs tight and muscular. The thing that got to him the most though was her bald pussy. He'd never seen one before and the sight of that pulsating, pink slit made his cock leap in his pants. 

  "Let's get it on lover! You're falling behind. Lizzie's way ahead of you!" she moaned, as she quickly undressed him.

  Liz! Clay had forgotten all about his wife. Scanning the room, he saw that Patty was on her hands and knees blowing the older guy while a new, much younger man took her from behind and the middle-aged woman bounced on her black lover's engorged prick as she greedily swallowed his buddy's licorice stick, but he didn't see Liz until he heard a familiar moan from over Helen's shoulder. There she was, wonderfully naked, happily sucking Barry's dick while Sandy Burnett knelt between her downy thighs, lapping away at her pussy.

  The sight of his wife servicing another man made Clay insane with lust. "Suck my cock!" he growled, gently shoving Helen to her knees.

  A nasty smile curled Helen's luscious lips as she laved the flat of her tongue over his leaking endcap. The sensation was incredible. Entwining his fingers in her shadowy waves, Clay urged her down his length as he kept an eye on his horny wife.

  Barry had laid Liz flat on her back and was ramming his monster into her enflamed twat. Sandy, in the meantime, had moved around to mouth Barry's bouncing nutsacks while Liz diligently drilled three fingers up the doctor's sopping slit. The sight of his beloved acting like such a whore - her fat tits jiggling with each thrust, her head thrown back in ecstasy - made him yank Helen's face into his groin until his entire eight inches was buried deep in her throat. The poor woman looked up at him wide eyed, drool running from the corners of her mouth. Afraid of choking her, Clay relaxed his grip to allow Helen to catch her breath, then took hold of her dainty ears and pumped his prick back into her gaping maw as he checked up on the other couples. 

  The redhead had slid down the wall to squat over one black girl's searching tongue at the same time that she was eating out the other ebony goddess who stood above her. Across the way, their two husbands were erupting in the older woman's snatch and mouth, making her cry out in the midst of her own orgasm, while thick, white globs of jism ran down her chin and seeped from her lush, dark beaver.

  Clay's own orgasm was rumbling in his balls, so he quickly glanced over at Liz. Barry was still plowing her furrow, showing a tremendous amount of control, even though Sandy was tonguing his asscrack. Suddenly, he saw his wife arch her lithe body, squeeze her ripe tits, and shiver all over as Barry slammed her hard.

  "Aieeeee! Oh God! Fuck me! Fuck my hot pussy! Ahhhhh! I'm cumming!" she wailed, twisting from side to side.

  Barry hugged her around the waist and with a low groan, unloaded in her spasming box. Seeing his wife take another man's seed was simply too much for Clay. 

  "Ohhhhh! Yeah! I'm...I'm shooting!" he bellowed, clutching Helen's shaggy, dark head in both hands. "Take my spunk, honey! Drink it all down!" 

  It seemed like he dumped a gallon of sperm down her throat, but being the expert cocksucker she was, Helen never pulled off. Determined to get every drop, she stayed anchored to his twitching prick even though heavy droplets of clear liquid flowed freely from the corners of her mouth.

  Barry had been watching his wife and Clay just as intently as they had been observing him. The second he was finished with Liz he pulled his limp dick from her slot and with a wink, offered his wilting prick to Sandy who eagerly spun around to accept his gift.

  After having just received the most fantastic blowjob of his life, Clay thought it impossible that he could get hard again right away, but his sexy neighbor and his horny wife had other ideas. Liz peered over at her husband with a sleazy expression on her face, and lewdly spread her luscious legs. The sight of Barry's cock cream bubbling from his wife's puffy twat was enough to make him rise again. Helen got the hint immediately. Going down on all fours, she crawled to the edge of the sofa and dabbed her tongue along the insides of Liz's thigh teasingly. Clay was right behind her, crouching above Liz's head to dangle his thickening staff over her plush lips.

  "I love you," she murmured as she began stroking him.

  "I love you, too! But if you don't mind, I'm gonna fuck your girlfriend - provided you can get me stiff again!"

  "Mmmmmm! No problem!" she cooed.

  Raising her head, Liz swabbed Clay's dicktip with the flat of her tongue, just as Helen took a swipe at her gushy slit. Liz let out a low moan, pushed her neighbor's head in closer and swallowed Clay's prick

  "Awwwww! Shit! Suck it, baby!" he groaned, bucking his hips.

  All around him couples were copulating wildly. He saw the blonde on her knees blowing both black studs at once as they pinched her engorged nipples and tossed her back and forth between them. The robust redhead was being plugged in all three holes by her husband and Lisa's leftover lovers, as the two black lesbians surrounded the older, dark-haired woman and were scrambling to get at her furry twat. Behind him, he heard Barry tell Sandy to mount him followed by her cry of delight as she sank down on his whopper.

  By now, Clay's prick had expanded to three times its normal size in Liz's hot mouth. "That's enough!" he groaned, ogling Helen's trim backside.

  "Do it to her, honey! Nail her sweet snatch!" Liz husked, gazing into his eyes.

  Clay didn't need to be told twice. Moving around behind Helen, he nudged her gaping hole with his dicktip. She lifted her face from his wife's cunt, looked back over her shoulder, and shook her rump playfully.

  "Damn, I've waited so long for this!" she said breathlessly. "Fuck me, Clay! Fuck him hard!"

  Her velvety lovetunnel accepted his rod easily. After a few delicate jabs to get her hips rolling, Clay slammed his pecker in to the hilt. Helen growled in ecstasy, shoved a finger into Liz's quivering box, and threw her pelvis back at his driving staff.
