 I know that you appreciate the explicit details of my erotic stories. This story has so much detail that it's length required a division into four chapters

Enjoy

*

I had been seeing Linda on and off for several months, and we had been getting on very well. Nothing intimate, just tennis, and coffee, and the occasional lunch. She was good to be with on occasion, and she had a figure to die for with long slim legs well exposed by her ultra short tennis shorts. But her conversation never veered toward sex, and I looked on her as rather a prude. 

But one Monday she dropped a bombshell. " I've just won a weekend at Sunset Lodge," she said, not meeting my eyes. "It's a pretty upscale resort."

"Lucky you," I said, not dreaming of what was to come.

"Only trouble is, it's for two." She still wouldn't meet my eyes. "I can't very well go up there alone. Would you care to join me?"

I didn't have to look at her to see if she was the kind of doll I'd like to share a room with. I'd seen her often enough to know she was very much the right size and the right shape, long legs that would be just right for wrapping themselves around me, and a bust that made me want to reach into her cleavage and rip the whole thing off. Only one trouble, her face wasn't exactly cover girl standard, but then as Confucius used to say. "You don't look at the mantel shelf when you're poking the fire." Anyway, she had a luscious mouth, and mouths had a habit of tasting pretty good once the owner was naked.

On the way to the resort---she knew the way so we used her car---Linda dropped the well-brought-up candy-wouldn't-melt-in-my-mouth attitude I'd been used to, and began to unwind. "I should confess something before we get there," she began. I was always ready to listen to female confessions. I was a writer and I'd already had a few Romantic Confessions published. But I couldn't think of anything a girl like her would need to confess. Except maybe she didn't like fucking.

"I don't go to bed with just any man I meet," she went on. I knew that, because she sure hadn't given me the green light in the months I'd known her. "But when I do I just go crazy. I suppose you'd call me a sex pervert, and that doesn't go well with every man." I began to say something, but she interrupted me. "I enjoy fucking, don't worry, but first I like to do all the other things I've been fantasizing about while I play with myself. Alright, I'm a masturbator, I'm not ashamed to admit it because I love it."

I tried to say, "Don't worry, so am I," but she cut me off again, And besides, her right hand was exploring my thigh and I wanted to concentrate on the hard that was developing in my pants. 

"I love all the foreplay I can get, but I want to do dirty sex. All the nasty depraved things I can think of while I'm masturbating. I'm crazy about men's genitals. I want to get a cock while it's nice and soft, and examine it and play with the looseness of it and cup it in my hands. What I'd like to do is wrap it tightly in cellophane and play with it until the head pokes out of the wrapping and swells and goes all red and shiny, and then tease it by licking it and sucking it until the man can't take any more. I've never actually done that, but that's one of my fantasies."

By this time her right hand had a pretty fair lock on my own cock, and the weekend seemed to be getting better all the time.

She was in full stride now. "I love the idea of bondage, I'd love to feel like I'm a sex slave and a man can do absolutely anything he likes to me. Absolutely anything his depraved mind can think of. Except hurt me, of course. I'd have to be completely naked, of course, so that he could have access to every detail of my body And I'd be shaved all over---like I am now. I want his mouth all over me, kissing, licking, sucking, biting my nipples and sucking my clitoris and fucking me with his tongue.

"I want to tie a man up, and do all the things to him I've been dreaming of. Tease him and not let him cum until he's begging me to finish him off.. I want to tie you up so that you can't move, and rub my cunt all over your naked body to make myself cum, and sit on your face and make you drink my cum juice, and tie up your balls, and masturbate you and watch you ejaculate."

"I love multiple orgasms. I can keep on cumming when I'm masturbating, but don't stop just because you've cum, will you, just keep on fucking me and making me cum until I scream."

She seemed to have come to the end, but it looked like this was just the beginning of a weekend orgy. I seemed to have taken the place of the generic "man" she had in mind, but I figured I could take as much of what she liked to call perversion as she could give me. Perverted? I didn't think so. Her fantasies were pretty well the mirror image of my own. For a minute I fantasized about what she must look like masturbating in her lonely bed. And then I had to grab her hand as I realized she was masturbating me and I was about to cream my pants if I didn't stop her immediately.

Then she started to apologize, and that went on for a while. I figured if that made her feel better I should let her get it out of her system .Anyway, I had a lot to put back into her system over the next two days and nights. And then we were arriving at the lodge, a phony-chateau sort of place with the usual pool and golf course. There was no way I was about to waste time in the pool or on the golf course. I was going to have a two hole course all to myself. With no green fees. And I had my own balls.

There was the usual parade of flunkies to take in our bags and escort us to the front desk. I felt like a gigolo must feel, standing back while Linda went through the formality of checking in. Maybe I was being a gigolo, but the bulge in my pants was telling me it couldn't be anything but a good experience. Maybe I had chosen the wrong career.

"Lunch first," Linda pronounced. "That'll give you time to forget all those dirty ideas we were talking about."

"I had the impression it as you doing the talking," I said, "Not that I have any objection to dirty talk." 

For the next half hour we kept it clean, though I did a lot of wondering whether she had meant what she said.

Linda was wearing a blouse with extreme cleavage, so low that I couldn't see how she could be wearing a brassiere. By the time we had finished lunch my cock was clamoring for us to go up to the room and find out just what lay in store. By the time I had closed the door of Room 307 ---and made sure it was locked---- and followed Linda into the room she was already sitting on the bed taking off her shoes. 

"Andy dear," she said, "I kind of hope you've forgotten all those confidences I let loose in the car."

That didn't seem to be part of the plan at all. "No way," I said quickly. "That was just an advance bit of pillow talk, and it had me horny as a goat. I'll gladly exchange more confidences if that'll make you feel better."

"You haven't exchanged any so far. You've got me at a disadvantage. Suppose you open up with a few confessions?"

"I must confess having you at a disadvantage is a good starter. But how's this? Seeing you in a bedroom for the first time, and feeling horny as I do, I'd like to fulfil one ambition and tear all your clothes off you. Would you feel more at an advantage then?"

"It sounds lovely, darling, especially if you raped me afterwards. But I went out and bought special undies for this weekend. Can we put it off till another time?"

I pretended to be put out. "Oh very well. Then how about this? I have a special thing about girls' undies and those special undies sound something worth investigating. For the past week I've been lying in bed masturbating at the thought of peeling you and taking pictures at every stage."

Linda pretended to be unimpressed. "Is that all? I confided a lot more than that." I couldn't have been paying attention, because while we were talking she had unzipped her skirt and let it fall to her feet.

"Give me a chance." I said "I'm a photography buff.. Once you're naked I want to get pictures of every part of your body, particularly the yummy parts. Your tits, particularly close-ups of your nipples before and after I've sucked them into tumescence. Your navel with a jewel in it, your thighs, spread wide apart and inviting me to rape you, and by this time your pussy should be displaying herself with her outer lips open and her inner lips pouting out ready to be sucked. And then of course the little beauty we both like to play with---she should be poking out of your slit by then. How's that to go on with?"

Linda had her blouse off by now, and there was no doubt she was anxious to be peeled. She stood up and pirouetted for me, and there was no doubt about the special undies, .either. Those breasts I had been lusting after were as large and protrusive and provocative as I had imagined, only just enclosed in a skimpy pale blue brassiere strained to the utmost to hold them n check. And each bulging globe was tipped by a heart-shaped cut-out which not only allowed but forced a swollen red nipple to thrust out for attention.

I had never before seen a girl wear a garter belt. In pictures they looked extraordinarily sexy and arousing. In reality this one was almost more exciting that the brassiere. It was fastened tightly round Linda's waist by a silver link belt with a heart shaped buckle. Fastened so tightly that her suntanned belly swelled slightly out to where her navel sank in and winked suggestively as she writhed her torso for me. Two pale blue garters were stretched down one on either side of her belly, held to her body by the strings of her thong, and snaking down her thighs to where they held the tops of sheer pale blue stockings which seemed to accentuate the length and the slimness of her legs.

Linda was as tall as I was, and her belly from her close cinched waist to the thong that just concealed her genitalia was a beautiful round swell of nakedness that called loudly to my mouth. I was expecting to see a sexily brief pair of panties covering the lower part of Linda's belly, but she had opted instead for a pale blue thong clinging tightly to her crotch and hardly visible while her thighs were closed---which was only briefly as she strutted to show herself off.

I grabbed my camera and snapped all the erotic details, including the cleft between her cheeks where the thong strings cut in so deeply, and particularly the swollen raspberries protruding from her brassiere. Linda seemed more than anxious to pose in all the suggestive poses I wanted, with some of her own ideas well. She actually jumped the gun on me by pulling aside her thong to reveal the wide open cunt she had been hiding. Every trace of pubic hair had been shaved off so that every delectable detail was open to view. I had her on the bed by then, and I spread her thighs as far apart as they would go so that her outer lips were stretched wide open. Her bloated inner cunt lips popped out invitingly, and her slit was open so that the tumescent knob of her clitoris peeped out.

I took close-ups of all the goodies, and then Linda wanted to take pictures of me. That sounded as if it could be an exciting exercise, but there was no way I could hold my orgasm in check much longer.

"You seemed to be keen to get raped a little while ago," I reminded her.

"I was. But that was to be after you'd stripped me naked, and I'm not naked yet."

"You're more naked than you'll ever be," I told her, pushing her down onto the bed. "Those decorations on your body only emphasize your nakedness. They'll have to come off eventually, but right now they're inflaming me so I'm going to lose control any moment. Don't move!"

I leapt off the bed and flung off my clothes. My cock sprang out of its confinement and stuck out like a pole from my groin. Linda had been inviting me to rape her. Taunting me, almost. I was so far gone that nothing could stop me fucking her brains out until she cried for me to stop. I wouldn't hurt her, but she was going to be raped alright. First her thong had to be moved out of the way. I felt like ripping it off, but it might not tear and I didn't want those strings cutting into her. As quickly as I could I wrenched it over the chubby cheeks of her ass and all the way down her legs and off her feet. Then I grabbed her legs and spread them wide apart, I leaped onto the bed and knelt between her thighs and slid my arms under her knees and hoisted her legs into the air. Linda gave a little scream, and I looked at her face. She was wide-eyed with apprehension. We should see whether her so-called depravity was all imagination. I shuffled forward and felt my cock press against her crotch. I was hard enough and she was open enough for my weapon to find it's own way in between her lips. I didn't want to hurt her , and for all I knew she might still a virgin in spite of all the brave talk. I thrust gently, and my cock slid easily into her vagina. No rapist could ever have encountered such a willing cunt, but if this was to be rape she had to be forced. I slid my hands under her cheeks and grabbed them, pulling them toward me while I thrust my whole body against her. My cock rammed into her for all its length until in an instant my groin was pressed hard against hers. And then I began to pump her. 

Linda screamed again, but this time it was to call my name. "Andy--- darling---you're--- really--- raping me---don't stop---don't stop---I love it I love it I love it ." And then all the jism that had been building up in my testicals for a week , and clamoring to get out since the so-called confessions had started, gushed out of my cock into the depths of Linda's vagina. Linda screamed again. "You're cumming! You're filling me with your sperm. I can feel you, it's so hot, and I'm going to cum too. Don't stop, keep on raping me as hard as you can. I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Oh god, this is what I've dreamed of." Her voice descended to a series of gasps and moans as I continued to ram her. The strain in my knees was so great I had to lean forward and lie full length on top of her. Her long legs immediately wrapped themselves over my ass and pulled me tightly against her, so tightly that I had difficulty withdrawing and had to content myself with short strokes that nevertheless helped to drain me out and kept Linda's pelvis rolling and surging in time to her gasps.

I don't know how long it went on, but Linda said afterwards she'd had nine orgasms. Or, as she put it, "I came nine times in a row and you only came once." 

--End of Chapter --1

Chapter 2 changes to a Bondage theme. 

Don't go away