 As I laid there on the top of the mahogany desk, I reflected on all the steps that had brought me to this point. I'd been invited to a small party by a client, Neil. He'd asked so casually, I didn't hesitate. It was just him, his business partner and a couple of other people getting together to unwind. No big deal. Id' arrived at the address Neil had given me. It was a nice tudor-style house in a fairly quiet, affluent neighborhood. Neil's business partner, Ty, was charming. Ty introduced me to his wife, Belinda, and a friend of the couple's, Clark.

I felt at ease as we talked about various topics. I discovered Belinda and I had belonged to the same sorority in college. When Neil offered me another drink, wrapping his arm around my waist, I felt relaxed. I was having a good time. I have to admit I never saw the evening progressing the way it did.

Excusing myself from Neil, I found the bathroom. After primping my hair and slicking on another round of lipstick, I reached for the door. As I opened it, Belinda pushed in, closing the door behind her. We were nearly the same size, except my breasts are more round and maybe a cup size bigger. Belinda smiled and asked if I was enjoying myself. I said I was and thanked her for inviting me.

Belinda had moved towards the sink. As I started for the door again, she reached out, grabbing my hand and pulling me back to her. Suddenly, her other hand reached up, cupping the back of my neck. Before I could blink, Belinda's lips were pressing hard against mine. I was startled but quickly found my pulse racing. Belinda's lips were firm against mine. Her tongue slid between my lips, dipping into my mouth. As she broke away from me, she smiled.

"I just love that color on you." She was talking about my lipstick. Turning towards the mirror, she wiped her nail along her bottom lip, "I like it on me too."

I stood there a moment and then let Belinda lead me out of the bathroom and back to join the men. I was slightly dazed and very aroused. What had possessed her to kiss me? And why wasn't I kissing her back?

As the evening progressed, I felt more shivers as both Neil and Belinda took every opportunity to touch me. A little skim of a hand over my hip by Neil. A pat on my ass by Belinda as she passed behind me. Caught up in a conversation with Clark, I didn't notice Belinda and Neil leave the room. Not until Ty slipped beside me, sliding his arm around my waist.

"Let me show you the house. I think you'll enjoy it."

Clark followed behind us as Ty led me from room to room. I wondered briefly where Belinda and Neil were but I was with charming company so I let it go. As we approached the end of the upstairs hall, Ty tightened his hand on my hip.

"And here's my little getaway. The study."

As Ty opened the door, I focused first on what was straight ahead. Slowly my head turned towards the right and there I found Neil and Belinda. Belinda was naked, her pale skin shimmering in the light. She knelt between Neil's legs as he reclined in a dark high-backed chair. Neil's hand rested on the back of Belinda's head, pushing her mouth down on his cock. The room was silent except for his soft grunts and her slurping.

I was mesmerized. Neil's cock was thick and coated with Belinda's spit. With each thrust down on her head, Belinda moaned, deep throating Neil's cock. I watched each suck, each lick, my body heating up. I felt hands on my waist. Ty leaned behind me and whispered in my ear, "Do you like it? Do you want to play?"

Clark had stepped into the room, skirting around Ty and me. As he walked towards Belinda and Neil, he was unzipping his pants. I watched as his hand slipped inside, bringing out a long, thick cock. He was already hard. Belinda stopped sucking Neil, wrapped her hand around his shaft and plunged her mouth around Clark's massive tool. Her head moved back and forth as her hand stroked. I felt hands reaching up to cup my breasts. Ty.

"I love watching my wife suck cock. She's so good at it. Neil loves the way she uses her teeth to scrape the underside. It's incredible."

Ty's fingers were rubbing small circles over my nipples. The hard nubs were straining against my bra, my dress, his hands. I leaned back against him as his thumb and forefinger squeezed my nipple, pulling it gently away from the rest of my breast. Behind me, he ground his groin against my ass. He was hard as a rock.

On the other side of the room, Neil was grunting as Belinda's mouth again engulfed him. Her hand jerked Clark's cock, never breaking stride, as Neil lifted his hips, pushing his cock deeper into her throat. With one final thrust and a grunt, Neil erupted in Belinda's mouth. As she turned her attention to Clark, I noticed lines of color on Neil's cock. My lipstick. The lipstick Belinda had kissed off my lips.

"Do you want to play?" Ty whispered in my ear. I looked at Neil as he slowly rose from the chair. He walked towards me, naked, his cock dripping come. Reaching up with my hand to Ty's neck, I pulled his mouth to mine. I kissed him hard, thrusting my tongue deep into his mouth. Neil's hands grazed over my hips as his hands slowly rose, replacing Ty's on my breasts. Ty slowly unzipped my dress, pushing it off my shoulders. Neil reached up to the front hook of my bra. Releasing it with a click, he pulled it from me. As both Ty and Neil finished undressing me, Belinda pulled Clark's cock deeper into her mouth. Clark spasmed and filled her mouth. I watched as she swallowed every last drop.

I was naked now. Standing in the study with four people I barely knew. And I was aroused, excited, horny as hell. Neil's mouth had replaced his hands on my breasts. His tongue flicked across my nipple just before he bit down. I yelped and pulled his head in closer. Ty's hands were rubbing my shoulders, moving down my back to cup my ass and squeeze.

Belinda walked towards us like a predator. Taking my hand, she led me away from Ty and Neil towards the huge mahogany desk in the other corner of the room. Belinda kissed me before telling me to lay up on the desk. Her hands roamed over my body, rubbing gently. I laid back, closing my eyes, as her fingers slid between my legs. Pressing the palms of her hands against my thighs, she spread me wide. I knew my pussy was glistening. I was so wet already. And there was more to come.

Using the tips of her fingers, Belinda stroked my inner thighs. Her nails slid gently through the small tuft of fur I kept well-groomed over my lips. As her fingers moved downwards, I arched as I felt the first touch of her nails across my pussy. She laughed and lowered her head between my legs. When her tongue touched me, I thought I would explode right then. Using her fingers, she spread my lips open and thrust her tongue inside. Licking slowly up and down, Belinda teased me. Her tongue never touched my clit, which was hard and begging for attention. 

"Touch yourself."

I heard her voice, deep with sex, and at that moment would have done anything for her. Slipping my hands down my body, letting my fingers roam over my breasts, I slid my hands down my stomach. As Belinda's tongue made slow work of my pussy, I pressed my finger against my clit. I moaned and rubbed harder and faster as Belinda's tongue slid up and down and in and out. All three men, naked and hard, stood around us. Reaching out with one hand, I grabbed the closest to me. Ty's cock was thick and uncut. Wrapping my hand around the base, I pulled him to my mouth. As my lips slid down his cock, Ty moaned and pushed deeper. Belinda's tongue was darting in and out of my little hole quick and hard. She really knew how to eat pussy. I pressed harder on my clit and felt my first orgasm break through me. I moaned over Ty's cock as I sucked hard and pushed my hips up, thrusting my pussy into Belinda's face. She never stopped sucking my pussy.

As I sucked Ty's thick cock, his hand reached down and stroked me breast. Squeezing my nipple, he tugged and pulled making me moan. Without warning, Belinda thrust two fingers deep inside my cunt and pulled my clit into her mouth. With my hand free, I reached out to Neil and pulled him close. Taking my mouth from Ty, I closed my lips around Neil's cock and sucked hard, running my tongue down along his underside. His fingers reached out to my other tit. 

I felt a surge of Belinda's tongue and the vibration of her moan. I looked up and saw Clark behind her. I could tell from her licking me that Clark was ramming his cock up her pussy, fucking her hard and fast. I pulled both Ty and Neil closer to me, letting the tips of their cocks meet as I licked and kissed their cocks together. I came again hard as Belinda's fingers speared through me. I slowly pulled away from her, pulling my body to sit upright. Belinda grasped the edge of the desk and held on as Clark continued to fuck her hard. She was yelling at him to fuck her harder. Clark wasted no time in complying.

Turning to Neil, I reached up and kissed his mouth, biting his bottom lip. "Fuck me. Fuck me now." Neil grabbed my legs, swung me to face him and then wrapped his hands around my waist. Pulling me to the edge of the desk, he pushed open my thighs, lifting them slightly. With a hard thrust, Neil buried his cock deep in me until I felt his balls slap against me. I moaned and leaned back, bracing myself on my arms. Neil fucked me like there was no tomorrow. Slamming and pulling his cock in and out of my tight pussy. I looked over and Belinda had taken Ty's cock in her mouth and was devoting her attention to sucking his cock as Clark fucked her. She moaned loud and her body shook. I watched her first orgasm rack through her body.

Neil lifted my legs higher, wrapping his arms under and supporting my thighs. From this angle, his cock would slid against my clit with each new thrust. I cried out as another orgasm tore through me. Then Neil grunted, thrust hard and pulled out quickly. Wrapping his hand around his cock, Neil jerked his come onto my stomach and thighs. At just that point, Clark made a guttural moan and pulled out, shooting his come on Belinda's ass. 

Ty, having still not come yet, looked at me and said, "Now it's my turn." Taking his cock away from Belinda, he stalked around the desk. He positioned me to kneel over the desk, my ass in the air. His hands gripped my ass, squeezing and pulling my cheeks apart. His fingers dove down between my legs. He stroked my pussy, making me mew with need. Slowly, pushing just an inch at a time, Ty entered my still tight pussy. He was thick, so thick he was stretching me, even after my recent fucking my Neil. I moaned and arched my back, squeezing my pussy tight around him. Wrapping his hands around my waist, Ty grunted and thrust his cock the rest of the way up my pussy. Where Neil had fucked me fast and hard, Ty was fucking me slow, inch by fucking inch. 

Clark and Neil sat back, watching as Ty fucked me. Belinda, not to be left out, sat on the desk, spreading herself wide for me. Lowering my head, I ran my tongue over her lips, tasting her pussy juice. Clark's come had dripped down, mingling with her juices. I lapped both with a hunger I didn't know I had. With each thrust of his cock, Ty was pushing my tongue deeper and deeper into his wife. Squeezing her thighs, I held onto Belinda as I licked her pussy, not leaving one little bit untasted. She was moaning, humping her pussy against my mouth. Ty was pumping harder and harder into my pussy. I felt another orgasm building. As Ty slammed his cock into me, I moaned and sucked hard on Belinda's clit. She came in a rush, gushing juice at me. I licked it up as my own body slowed into steady shivers. Ty pulled out, his cock pulsing with come. I turned, dropping down to take him in my mouth. Ty petted my hair, telling me how good my mouth felt.

I was behind myself. I knew what I wanted. Looking over at Clark and Neil, I was two hard pieces of wood just waiting for me. Clark was resting back on the couch. Moving from the desk to the couch, I crawled up on Clark's lap, my legs spread wide on either side of him. I grabbed his face in my hands, kissed his mouth and told him to fuck me. 

Taking his cock in my hand, I slowly guided it to my pussy. Lowering myself, I slid all the way down, taking his full cock into my pussy. I moaned. Riding him slowly, I pistoned my hips back and forth. Clark's hands were on my hips. His tongue reached out to flick my swinging breasts. After a few more strokes, I looked over at Neil. He was stroking his cock. 

"Don't keep that to yourself. Fuck me in the ass."

Neil looked at me and smiled. Getting up, he moved behind me. Leaning down, he spread my ass and I moaned as I felt his tongue on my tight hole. He pressed his tongue against me, getting me wet and ready. Spitting into his hands, he slid his hands up and down his cock, coating it for easy lubrication. Grabbing my shoulders, Neil settled behind me. Clark stopped thrusting up inside my pussy as Neil slowly guided his cock into my tight nether hole. I moaned and arched back. I was so fucking full. It was amazing. Slowly, we started to move, finding our own rhythm. Neil kissed my neck as Clark sucked my nipples. I was moaning. Two cocks at once.

Not wanting to be left out, Belinda came over, crawling on the back of the couch. Lowering her pussy over Clark's mouth, she pushed herself down onto his tongue. Clark lapped her pussy as he fucked me. Off to the side, Ty moved. Standing on the couch next to me, he thrust his cock into my mouth. Three cocks at once. Unfucking believable. Together we grunted, pushed, pistoned, moaned, groaned and encouraged each other. I came first but didn't stop. Belinda came again on Clark's tongue as he grunted and came deep inside my pussy. Neil dug his fingers into my shoulders as he rammed his cock deeper in my ass, filling me with his cream. Finally, Ty erupted deep in my mouth, coating my throat with his come. 

We untangled ourselves and collapsed on the floor. After a while, we managed to find our way to Ty and Belinda's jacuzzi, where we relaxed, washed off some of the stickiness and began another round of slow sex. It was an amazing night. I'll always have a special place in my heart for mahogany, which I see often as I'm a constant visitor to Ty and Belinda's house. Neil is my favorite client and Clark is a regular fuck. What more could a girl want? Regular orgy partners.