 I was practicing a difficult passage from the Brahms 4th when my stand-mate arrived at the rehearsal. "Good morning, Anne," she said in her usual cheery voice. I nodded back to her, but kept playing. Karen and I went back to our conservatory days, and were quite good friends, but when I was in the zone, warming up for a rehearsal, I would never stop to chat.

I was principal cellist for the Philharmonic, a position I was very proud to hold at the relatively young age of 28, and a role which I took very seriously. We were a good orchestra with a fine, and very demanding, conductor, and we were embarking on a challenging season. There would be several concerts with new repertoire, a tour, and a recording session. I was excited to get to work at this first rehearsal after the long summer break.

As our conductor walked up to the podium, I stopped playing and got my music in order. He and I had discussed his plans for the first rehearsal at dinner last evening, before a night of wild sex. Oh, didn't I mention that part? Yes, I was sleeping with the conductor. It was a well-guarded secret, since neither of us wanted to become the target of orchestra gossip. But even though I felt the need to keep the relationship secret, I wasn't ashamed. After all, it's not as though I got my job because I was sleeping with him. It started about six months after I joined the orchestra, when he hatched an elaborate plan to seduce me, obviously not realizing that it didn't take much seducing for me to fall for his type - the older man in a position of authority. Anyway, the sex was great - but when we worked together, it was all business.

Frederick sat down on his stool and raised up one hand, and the orchestra responded immediately, ceasing all conversation, shuffling of music, and warm-up exercises. Those were powerful hands. He was a strikingly handsome man of 40, and it was difficult for me to decide which was his most attractive feature - his athletic 6'2" build, his strong but graceful hands, or his piercing blue eyes. He also had a huge cock, evidence that the desire to lead others with a baton doesn't always stem from having a small dick.

He of course had a few irritating pretentions, not uncommon among conductors, but fortunately for me, I found them charming. One of these came up right away, as he started off the rehearsal by introducing himself. "For those of you who are new to the orchestra, my name is Frederick (he pronounced each syllable: Fred-eh-rick), but you haven't known me long enough to be on a first name basis, so you can call me 'Maestro'."

As I watched a few people roll their eyes, I smiled to myself, enjoying the secret knowledge that he also liked me to call him 'Maestro' when we were having sex. Again, ridiculously pretentious, but I found it endearing.

He continued, "And before we get to work on the Brahms, I'd like to introduce a few of those new faces, the winners of recent auditions for a few open seats. Mark here joins the violas, Christian is the new member of the horn section, and the lovely Kylie is our new principal trianglist."

This last introduction shocked me out of my daydream, and I shot a glance to Karen. "What the hell - principal triangle?" I mouthed to her.

"Yeah, what's that about? There's only one way a young hottie like her got a bullshit job like that!" she whispered back to me.

Karen had no way of knowing that her comment would bother me; she was just one of many friends from whom I kept secret my relationship with Frederick. But as the rehearsal started and I fought to concentrate on the music, I couldn't help wonder what this news really meant. I had never heard anything as ridiculous as a principal triangle position. I couldn't believe that Frederick would be willing to put his reputation on the line in front of the orchestra to make such an announcement. And I couldn't help noticing two things about Kylie as I watched her from across the orchestra: she was an incredibly hot young woman, and she wasn't, shall we say, playing her triangle with a full deck. As she made mistake after mistake, and Frederick gently corrected each one - definitely NOT his usual style - I became more and more convinced that he was up to no good with this girl.

At the break in rehearsal, I joined him on the podium, pretending to ask a question about the rehearsal, but really said, "So, what the hell is going on with this new girl?"

"Oh," he said casually, "some patron apparently has a thing for the triangle, and decided to endow a new position in the orchestra, so we just hired Kylie last week. Any serious percussionist would be embarrassed to take the job, so we didn't have many candidates to choose from."

I returned to my chair, crushed that he had just lied to me so blatantly. I had watched Frederick fight so many times against inappropriate suggestions from donors or board members that I knew he wouldn't give in on something as inane as this. I was furious that he thought he could get away with lying to me about this.

As I stewed about this, angrily scratching away at my cello, Karen came back to her chair, breathless with newly-obtained gossip to share. "So, here's the scoop: this Kylie girl is a student at the conservatory, apparently making her way through more on her looks than on her talent, and word is she's getting principal pay to stand over there and try to hit the triangle at the right time. I'm shocked that Frederick would put up with this 19-year-old no-talent hack in his orchestra!"

This sent me over the edge - she was making the same salary I was?!? That did it, I was going to confront Frederick. It took every ounce of professionalism I had to get through the rest of the rehearsal. As I packed up my cello, I decided that I would pretend to leave, but actually hang back and watch him - follow him, if necessary - to see if I could figure out what he was up to with this girl. As I pretended to walk out with everyone else, I noticed Frederick watching me leave. As soon as he looked away, I quickly stepped away from the crowd and made my way back towards the stage, and then into the shadows of the backstage area, quietly setting down my cello in a safe corner.

Soon, there were just a few people left on the stage, and after a few more goodbyes, it was just Frederick and Kylie, the bimbo who couldn't find the beat if it slapped her on the ass. I was confident that nobody had seen me come back stage, and I sat down on a stool near the edge of the stage, giving myself a full view of the stage and auditorium, and waited to see what I could learn by spying on these two.

Frederick spoke first. "So, Kylie, you struggled a bit in today's rehearsal. What can we do about that?"

"I'm sorry, I promise I can do better next time. I was just nervous, playing with the orchestra for the first time."

"Well, normally I wouldn't tolerate the kind of mistakes you were making today, but you came to us so highly recommended by your professors at the conservatory, I guess I can give you another chance." As he spoke, I watched as Kylie moved toward him, removing her top as she walked to reveal her perky 34D tits in a lacy black bra. I managed to cover my mouth with my hand before I gasped. Judging by his lack of shock at her actions, this wasn't the first time he had seen her tits.

"And what exactly did my professors say about me?" Kylie said as she came up alongside him and began to undo his belt.

"That you gave the best head they've ever had. That you are a cock-sucking, cum-swallowing slut."

"That's right, I love cock, and especially yours - it's so thick and long!" and with that eloquent elocution, she was already on her knees, freeing his growing cock from his boxers and slurping it into her mouth.

I was furious. Not only was he cheating on me, he was letting go of his usual high musical standards just because of a nice blow job from this young hottie? And what was I going to do? I couldn't just break things off with him, because it would make it incredibly awkward to work together. We'd have to work this out, one way or another.

Kylie's cock-sucking talents obviously were something special. Even from across the room, I could see his intense pleasure as she miraculously deep-throated him - something I'd never come close to doing, and didn't think anyone could! He had never complained about my blow jobs, but I could see now what he must have been missing from me in that department.

And she really was hot. He had just managed to unhook her bra, and her round, full tits were bouncing as she bobbed up and down on his cock. Her knee-length skirt, grazing the floor in her current position, hugged her spectacular ass. And she was graced with that rarity - true red hair, landing in waves just below her shoulder blades - that I knew was a turn-on for a lot of men, Frederick included.

As I watched this hot scene play out on the stage, I realized there was only one thing for me to do: join them. All that was left to do was to craft the perfect entrance. I quietly stood up and removed my blousy top and long skirt, leaving myself in bra, panties, and heels. Taking a deep breath, I confidently walked out on stage, more like I was about to begin a musical performance than interrupt a blow job. As I approached, Frederick heard the sound of my heels and looked at me, blushing with embarrassment, but powerless to stop Kylie's enthusiastic motions on his cock. I could tell he was close to cumming; I would have to move fast. She was clearly so involved in her 'work' that she didn't hear me coming, didn't hear as I picked up his baton from the podium and stepped directly behind her.

Placing the baton gently on her shoulder, I did finally manage to get her attention, but she still didn't stop sucking. I traced the line of her naked back with the tip of the baton until I reached the waist of her skirt; then, drawing it back, I swatted her on the ass. With a little whimper, she finally drew herself away from Frederick's huge cock, and turned around to see who had interruped her. Frederick started to protest, or apologize, or explain, but before he string more than a few words together, I put my finger to my lips to quiet him.

"I'm curious, Kylie, do your talents extend to going down on a woman?"

Seemingly unfazed by my sudden presence on the stage, half-dressed, she replied enthusiastically, "Ooh, I've never tried that before, but I've always wanted to."

"Well, I'm sure Frederick would like to watch, wouldn't you, sweetie? Go for it, Kylie," I said, spreading my legs a bit as she crawled over to me on her knees. As she pushed my panties to one side for full access to my pussy, I reached up and undid the bun in my hair, allowing my long blonde locks to fall down around my face.

"Oh, yeah, Anne, that's so hot," Frederick replied, obviously relieved and turned on by the fact that I had chosen to join them rather than yell at him. He took his cock in his hand and began to slowly stroke it as he watched one half-naked woman pleasuring another.

Kylie truly did have amazing talents when it came to giving pleasure with her tongue. I had never felt anything quite like what she was doing to me right now, flicking her tongue so quickly back and forth on my clit as her fingers explored the entrance of my pussy. Even without entering me, she brought me several times to the brink of intense pleasure, only to pull back just at the right moment to keep me going. And watching Frederick watch us just added to my excitement. His hand was now stroking his cock more quickly, as he looked back and forth between me, clearly enjoying the look of pleasure on my face, and Kylie, clearly enjoying her younger, firmer body.

Before she could make either of us cum, I pulled Kylie up to her feet and pulled her body into mine, reaching for the zipper of her skirt as I enjoyed the feeling of our breasts pressing together. Her skirt fell to the floor, and I thrust my hand into her panties, finding first her clit and then slipping a few fingers inside her pussy. She was just as wet as I imagined she'd be - I knew sucking cock must be a huge turn on for her. She arched her back and pushed herself down onto me, and as I finger-fucked her, I motioned for Frederick to finally join us.

I let my fingers fall out of Kylie's dripping wet pussy, and thrust them into her mouth, making her lick her own juices as I pulled her panties down over her lucious ass, freeing them to fall to the floor. I walked a few steps back over to Frederick's podium, and sat down on his conductor's stool, spreading my legs as far as I could. "Kylie, I want you to go back to pleasuring me with that hot mouth of yours, while Frederick takes you from behind with his huge cock. I know you can deep-throat him, but do you think your pussy can handle him?"

"Oh, yeah, I've wanted that cock inside of me since the moment I saw it."

Frederick didn't need any further encouragement, and, coming up behind her, plowed into Kylie's pussy, forcing her face into my pussy. Again, her tongue worked magic on my clit, but now with a new intensity, inspired by Frederick's steady stroking into her. She soon found my pussy with one hand, and began finger-fucking me with the same rhythm as Frederick's cock in her own pussy. She could find the beat after all - just not when she was trying to play the triangle!

As I was hoping he would, Frederick began to slap Kylie's ass as he fucked her from behind. This was something he often did when he fucked me, as both the sound and feel were a huge turn-on for both of us. Kylie responded as well, sucking my clit with renewed gusto with each swat on her bottom. She was now moaning loudly, and I could tell that she no longer had enough control to keep bringing me down from the brink of ecstasy. She was sucking and nibbling my clit with a regular rhythm, and her fingers plowed into me furiously as Frederick fucked her.

"Maestro," I said to him, "I think it's time for a tempo change. Perhaps a bit slower, and then an accelerando to the end?"

He loved the oh-so-realistic role-playing game, with himself as the maestro and the sex act as the piece of music he was artfully sculpting to its ultimate climax. He apparently agreed with my suggestion, and drew back his furious pounding of Kylie's pussy into a more relaxed, methodical stroking. She took a moment to catch her breath, and moved her tongue from my clit to my pussy. This was exactly what I was hoping for, her skilled tongue inside of me, and I began to stroke my own clit in anticipation of the orgasm that would soon come.

Frederick talked us through it, as he so loved to do. "Yes, that's it, keep it steady. Long, slow phrases." His cock was moving slowly in and out of Kylie's wet pussy, exposing the tip on each stroke.

"Now, we begin to build in intensity. No faster yet, just intensity." He expected just as much subtlety out of his cock as he did out of his orchestra.

"And now the tempo increases, little by little." Kylie actually anticipated this instruction, jutting her tongue in and out of my pussy before the speed of his thrusts increased in hers.

"And now a crescendo as well, just let it go, building in speed and volume until the climax!" He was getting close now, and had to let the role-playing go. All three of us were moaning, and Frederick was the first to cum. 

"Ahhhh, I'm going to cum!" Just before he shot his load deep into Kylie's pussy, Frederick stopped thrusting, but Kylie quickly picked up the slack, working to keep the motion going long enough to ride out her own orgasm. Hers was long and intense, and she collapsed beneath us on the stage floor after she had cum.

Pleasured as I was by Kylie's tongue on my clit and in my pussy, I still needed to cum and longed to have Frederick's cock inside of me, especially with Kylie there with us. Giving them both a few moments to recover, I moved to the edge of the stage and began giving them a nice little show, fondling my tits and stroking my clit as they watched. I then jumped the few feet down off the stage onto the floor below, and encouraged Kylie to join me. Frederick wanted to follow us, but I asked him instead to sit on the edge of the stage, making his cock available to us. I knew the best way to get him hard again quickly would be to have Kylie suck him again.

I started him off, enjoying the taste of Kylie's juices on as much of his cock as I could fit in my mouth - which was most of it when it was only half-hard, as it was now. But then I invited Kylie to join me, and he quickly grew to his full length, which only she could handle. As she licked, and then sucked, and then rapidly bobbed up and down on his cock, I knelt down, fondling and licking his balls. Just as I had hoped, he was quickly ready for more fucking, and this time it would be my pussy taking the impact.

He now joined us on the floor, and I spread my legs and leaned over, placing my forearms on the stage. He teased me with a few swats on the ass, until I couldn't take the suspense anymore and reached back, pulling him into me. As always, the feeling of fullness from his huge cock inside of me was wonderful. I knew I wouldn't last long, but hoped that we could cum together. Luckily, Kylie was there to help us. She climbed underneath us, and found a position from which she could lick my clit and play with his balls as he fucked me.

"Yes, Maestro, fuck me with your huge cock. Fuck me, harder!"

Frederick responded by thrusting furiously into me. The combination of his intense fucking and Kylie's tongue on my clit quickly pushed me over the edge, and I shouted out as I reached my climax, "Oh, yes, I'm cummmmmming!"

Just as I felt my orgasm subside, Frederick, who was aggressively pounding me throughout, came again as well, his cum dripping out of my pussy. Kylie slurped up our combined juices, and Frederick and I let ourselves fall to the floor next to her.

After a few minutes, we realized we'd better clean ourselves up and leave the auditorium before another group came in for a rehearsal. "Anne," Frederick said to me while looking at Kylie, "I think Kylie will be able to manage just fine in the orchestra, as long as I work with her regularly and she has a mentor in the orchestra such as yourself. Don't you agree?"

"Oh, absolutely. Anyone who shows that much talent with her tongue should be able to learn to hit the triangle on the beat. I'm committed to working with her as much as necessary."

"Thanks, you two," Kylie replied with a smile. "I look forward to making the most of this love triangle."