 If you like orgies you're in the right place

"Get me some water, darling, I seem to have drunk something that makes me devilish thirsty,"

"There should be some cans of pop in the fridge, Ill get you one." Linda was immediately full of concern. "I'm sorry, my love, I should have thought of that. I wonder what it was you drank!" She giggled and went into the bathroom.

A minute later, "I'm sorry, the cheapskates haven't put anything in the fridge. There's bound to be a machine down the corridor, I'll get you something. I could do with a drink myself."

"Put your pool robe on," I reminded her. "I don't want anyone else sharing my lovely fornicator."

"I hope that's a compliment," Linda pouted. "Anyway, I have some more lovely fornication ideas for when I come back. Don't go away now."

"I don't think I'm going anywhere until we've tried out those ideas." I assured her. "And don't forget to take the key, I need you back here. And leave the padlock keys right here, in case you decide not to come back..

"You're an old fusser," she said, and threw the keys down beside the bed. "I'll only be a few minutes."

The few minutes lengthened into more minutes. I was aching in a variety of places where my muscles were stretched. Linda must have stopped for a chat, and I was beginning to feel annoyed. 

At last there was a knock at the door. But I didn't see why Linda should be knocking if she had the key. A woman's voice called. "Can we come and clean the room?" There was the rattle of keys in the lock and the door opened.  I was naked, chained up like a first class pervert, unable to move, let alone hide. I began to shout to the woman not to come in, but she was already in the room. In fact there were two of them. Heading purposefully toward the bed.

"Oh my god!" one of them said. "Have you been held up? Rose, call security and get them up here pronto."

"No!" I shouted at her, "Don't for god's sake bring anyone else in here. I haven't been held up. I'm alright."

"What's he all chained up for, then?" The other woman wanted to know. "He doesn't look very comfortable."

It seemed better to explain than prolong the situation. For some reason I felt guilty about having Linda find me with two women. "My wife and I have been having a bit of innocent fun," I said.  "Gentle bondage makes our---intercourse  more rewarding." 

"Never had anything to do with it myself," said the one called Rose. "Wouldn't mind trying it."

"Look here," I began placatingly. "I'm terribly embarrassed. I don't want anyone else to find out about this. I'll make it worth your while to keep it to yourselves."

"I think we should keep him to ourselves, don't you?" The first one winked at Rose. "I mean, he looks a decent sort and we don't wan to spoil his day. What's your name, lover boy?"

"Andy." I wasn't sure I liked the way things were developing. That wink was a little too expressive.

"Nice to meet you, Andy. My name's Kathy, and this is Rose. We'll make a deal with you. We'll agree not to talk if you'll agree not to talk. O.K.?" 

I wasn't sure what she meant. 

"You've been having your bit of dirty fun, and we'd like to have our bit of dirty fun. After all, you look as if you're all ready for it. Look at all that mess on his tummy, Rose. He's cum a long way by the look of it."

Kathy was standing close beside me, looking me over in an amused way. Rose walked round and stood on the other side of the bed, and I suddenly realized what I was faced with Two girls with lecherous ideas who weren't about to take NO for an answer. My cock got the message right away, and Kathy noticed it. "That settles it," she said to Rose. "Into the bathroom."

They disappeared, and I began to wonder what I was letting myself in for. Two cleaning women in not very attractive or well-fitting uniforms. But my hornyness indicator was still rising. And so was my interest. And the novelty of being tied down to the bed and in the power of two lascivious females was getting to me.

The bathroom door opened and Kathy emerged, followed by Rose, both stripped stark naked. And beautiful. Those uniforms had really concealed their attractiveness. They stood and posed for me as if for approval, and my cock promptly registered its enthusiastic approval, which they evidently noticed. "He's got a lovely big prick," Rose exclaimed admiringly. Kathy was evidently in charge. "Too long for a little girl like you. You wouldn't be able to take it all. You take the other end like we decided."  

So I was to be raped at both ends at once, a new experience. Kathy was tall and slim, with a sharp featured face and dark hair which she had let down to her shoulders. Her breasts were not as full as Linda's, but pert and upstanding and reaching out for attention, nipples tiny in fleshy succulent aureoles. Rose was altogether different. She was shorter, with a roly-poly body that was attractively plump. Her hair was startling blond----but the bush almost concealing the attractions between her legs was a darker color. Her breasts were so full and round that all I could think of was burying my face between them, but her nipples would have side-tracked me, so red and raw set in aureoles as large as cookies. 

The posing stopped, and the girls began to carry out the plan they must have hatched in the bathroom as they stripped. "This chicken looks like he's ready for fucking," Kathy told Rose, and climbed onto the bed to kneel facing me astride my hips. She smiled wickedly down at me as she felt between her thighs to guide what Rose called my prick between her lips and into the hot wet orifice of her cunt. Rose must have seen where my eyes were focused. She stayed beside the bed and leaned over me to envelop my face in her warm, perfumed breasts, squeezing them together with her hands till whichever way I twisted my mouth could taste nothing but soft, smooth, exciting flesh. But she must have known I wanted more than that. Probably she wanted it too. I found one succulent nipple thrust into my mouth, and a quiet voice whispered, "Suck it, lover, suck my tit nice and hard."

I sucked, hard, as Rose had instructed, unable to differentiate between the pleasure I was getting from Rose's hard swelling nipple and the friction my prick was getting from Kathy's tight vagina. Kathy bounced up and down, taking my prick into her belly for its full length and releasing it till I feared it was going to fallout of her cunt, all the time uttering guttural expressions of delight. Rose evidently also needed attention to her cunt, because with a quiet "Don't go away lover boy." she climbed onto the bed and squatted over my chest facing Kathy. I thought for a moment that she and Kathy were going to kiss, but she sat back and wriggled her cheeks till my mouth was forced into a warm wet vulva. "Suck my clit for me, lover, just like you sucked my tit," She instructed. And then to Kathy, who seemed not the least interested in anything outside her own genitalia, "He's sucking me off, dear, I'm going to cum in his mouth. How are you making out?"

Kathy's reply was lost in the sound of a key rattling in the door, followed by Linda's scream.

"My god what's going on here? I go out for five minutes and you invite in enough women for an orgy."  I was in no position to reply. My mouth was full of swollen labia. Kathy had no problem taking command of what sounded to me like a sticky situation. "Come on in, dear, you're just in time to join us. We've only just started."

"What are you doing in my room, that's what I want to know." Linda was not amused. "And that's my boy friend you're ----doing things to. I'm calling the manager."

"I wouldn't do that, dear," Kathy advised, not disturbing in the least the rhythm of her progress toward orgasm. "Andy doesn't want anyone to know you were chaining him up. Besides, there's no room for the manager on the bed."

"This is no joke". Linda was not about to be calmed down. "Do you really expect me to stand here and watch you two raping Andy?" 

I didn't want this to spoil our weekend, and yet this was an experience I would hate to terminate prematurely. I tried to wriggle out from between Rose's thighs to join in the argument, but she simply closed her thighs more tightly about my ears and pressed her open vagina harder onto my mouth.

Kathy was behaving magnanimously. "No dear, I don't expect you to just stand there. Come and join us. You can't want us to stop right now. Andy's going to cum any minute, and so are we." 

"Well where do I fit in?" Linda was being persuaded. "You seem to have both ends thoroughly occupied." Then bitterly, "I don't suppose Andy cares how many join in!"

"Of course he doesn't. Neither do we. Take your clothes off and climb aboard, dear. We can't offer you a piece of Andy, but Rose is a lovely bi-girl and she'll take care of you." I knew Linda only had on a pool gown, so I wasn't surprised when she was very soon climbing onto the bed. "Lovely figure dear," Kathy said, apparently more out of politeness than admiration. "Stand in front of Rose, she's got a wicked tongue and she's probably learning a few things from Andy right now. O.K. Rose?" 

"He's sucking me off beautifully," Rose confirmed. "He's got his tongue right up inside me. You've got a lovely looking pussy, darling, Let me get at it."

I had never taken part in an orgy before, so I couldn't assess how this  one rated. But judging by the cries and squeals and exclamations over the next few minutes the three ladies were well satisfied. And judging by the prodigious amount of semen I managed to pour inside Kathy I was well serviced myself!!

        -The end-