 Naked we ride our jet ski across the calm waters of the lagoon toward the tiki torches that mark the reef island where orgies are held every Friday night. I enjoy the sensations of the wind in my hair and Zoe's large breasts pressing into my back as her arms wrap around me to cup my balls with one hand and gently stroke my hard, thick cock with the other. 

Zoe's soft lips brush against my right ear as she whispers, "I'm so horny, Serge. Are you ready to have anyone anyway you want tonight? I know that I'm hot enough to fuck every man there and every woman too. Are you going to watch me while I am being fucked in every hole I have by complete strangers?" She then toys with the rings in my pierced cock and balls before giving my cock a sensuous squeeze. "Ummmm, all the women you fuck tonight will enjoy these rings as they slide up and down their wet, cum filled pussies, Lover; I know I do. Will you mind when I watch as your cock slides in and out of some nameless woman's cunt?" 

My cock gets even harder as I reach behind with my left hand to feel between Zoe's wide spread legs. Her freshly shaved cunt is dripping with her sweet nectar and my finger slides easily into her wet hole before it slips up to flick her already engorged clit which is sticking out from under its pierced hood. The heavy ring she has chosen for tonight must have been bouncing on her clit since we left the pier at the resort; driving her crazy with desire. Zoe starts rubbing her clit on my finger until she quickly cums; dripping even more of her sweet juices onto my hand and the seat below her. "Oh fuck, that's better; I was so horny from this clit ring. Thank you Serge, you are always so thoughtful. That's why I love you so." 

~oo00O00oo~

We are both vibrating with excitement as we approach the island's beach and our first orgy experience. The rules for Orgy Island were explained to us before we agreed to attend and the three main ones are quite simple and succinct: Arrive nude. Agree to have sex with any person that asks. If you say no; leave. We understand the meaning of the three rules; don't watch, participate. There are others with the main one being that the resorts doctor has to certify you free of any STD; there are no condoms allowed on the island, so, if a woman get pregnant it's her own fault. 

"Are you ready for this, Zoe?" I ask when we are closer to shore. "The only way off this island is by saying no or tomorrow's sunrise. Remember our bet; the first person to say no leaves while the winner gets a slave for a week."

Zoe laughs lustfully and replies, "MMMM, I'm going to love you calling me Mistress and for a full week too. Can you last to sunrise without saying no, Serge?" She then toyfully slides a wet finger down the crack of my ass. 

"We'll see who's here at sun rise," I answer as I push on the throttle to drive the small boat up onto the beach then cut the engine. We step off onto the beach and look around us. Across the lagoon is the resort; beautifully lit by torches and lights. Turning back to the beach there is a dock for the shuttle boat and two tiki torches showing where the path to the other side of the small island begins. 

"Let's go get royally fucked!" Zoe yells as she pulls me toward the torch lit path. 

Needing no more urging I join her with my hard cock swaying heavily in front of me as we pass between the torches to walk up the short path through dense tropical foliage to the other side of the island. We emerge into a small palm grove with a view of the ocean and the waves breaking over the coral reef. At the back of the grove is a pavilion; one wall and many pillars holding up a tall pointed palm thatched roof. On the back wall is a long curving bar with stools in front of it; half of which are in a hot tub big enough to hold at least forty people. Closer to us are regular tables and chairs. The main feature, though, is all the beds with, front and centre like a stage, a king sized round bed covered with black satin under a bright gas lantern and surrounded by torches on the pillars near it. Behind it are more than a dozen other regular shaped beds ranging in size from singles to kings; all covered with black satin. Farther back there are more beds out under the palms in the dark and covered with white satin. "Well it looks like no one is worried about cum stains here," I quip. 

There are some forty couples about the pavilion with more coming on each shuttle boat. Six or more bare breasted island waitresses move about delivering drinks on their trays wearing, not the usual short sarongs in the resort's colours but, thin silver chains around their hips holding tiny squares of gossamer thin cloth that pretend to cover their sex while leaving their pretty asses totally exposed. I learn a little later that when an islander wears a loincloth, like we see tonight, it means that she, or he, is open to having sex with the guests but always at the islander's discretion. 

We have some friends here; there are Nicole and Simon a beautiful black couple from Kenya at the bar by the hot tub pool. They sit with their backs to the bar talking to Sonia a tall blonde from Denmark and her dark and swarthy friend, Alexis, from Greece who are sitting on stools next to them in the pool. Nicole has her hand wrapped around her man's huge black cock and is slowly stroking it while she absentmindedly toys with her large breasts with the other. Tiny Meiko from Japan with her well built boyfriend Yoshie are in the hot tub as well and at a table with a mug of beer in his hand is Mick from Coober Pede, Australia talking to another man whose lady friend is sitting on his lap slowly rocking back and forth. I look closer to see that Mick has his legs spread wide and a dark haired women's head is bobbing up and down on his cock between them. "Trust an Ausie," I think to myself. "He probably calls her Sheila." 

"Look there they are, Serge. Over at the end of the bar; yes that's them, you can't miss Lydia and Harold and look they've saved us some stools beside them. Iman and Jean Claude are there too. We're late; we were supposed to meet them ages ago."

"Like Iman said when we first arrived; you can't be late on an island," I answer as we weave our way through the tables to the bar. At one large table I hear six couples debating whether a man's tongue or his finger can get a woman off faster as we pass. One woman demands a contest to prove the point one way or the other; changing the argument to how to make the contest truly random and should it be on the round bed at centre stage. 

Zoe smiles slyly at me; we know.

Lydia sees us as we approach and puts her drink down to wave at us with her free hand; the other is busy stroking Harold's long, thin cock. They are quite the pair; Harold is over six feet tall and thin as a rail while Lydia is barely five foot and round. One can't call her fat, really; she is plump, with a round belly, a big bubble ass and two gigantic but perfect round titties, as she calls them. They constantly quiver and shake on her chest with her always erect nipples pointing up at a perky angle. Zoe once asked her what her bra size was. "Custom," was the one word answer from Lydia as she looked down at them while lovingly caressing her nipples. 

"Welcome to Orgy Island, Zoe," Lydia says in her posh London upper crust accent as we get nearer. "I'm so happy that you two have finally decided to join us here for one of our decadent Friday soirees. They are so much fun; I get such a good rogering every time we attend. My cunny is all puffy for days afterwards. Oh, and speaking of cunny, look at this," she says as she spreads her short, chubby legs. "I've gone into the town and have had myself pierced. Seven times, if you can believe that; I went in just for a clit hood piercing like yours, Zoe, but the dear little man fell in love with my cunt lips. I'm such an outy he said. He insisted on giving me six more rings; three on each side. Harold has threatened to buy three locks to frustrate me at the next orgy. That would be so annoying; I'd have only two holes to pleasure all the men with that night. And the barbell touching and bouncing on my clit is keeping me in a state of constant arousal." Lydia then spreads her legs a little wider cooing, "Would you like to see my new jewelry."

Zoe reaches forward to slowly run her middle finger up and down over the heavy ten gauge gold rings lining Lydia's cunny lips then sticks it between them deep into the woman's cunt before moving it up to play with the diamond topped bent barbell in her clit hood with a very swollen clit underneath. 

"Serge, Lydia is so wet. Here, you feel her," Zoe husks as she directs my hand to our friend's cunt.

Zoe sits on the stool next to Iman as I sit next to Lydia with my finger still in her. 

"Your usual beer, sir. And a Mai Tai for you Maam," Nick our favourite bartender from the pool bar near our beach villa says as he places our drinks on the bar. He too is wearing a loincloth which is slightly larger than the waitress' but his long erect cock makes the garment useless by stiffly pushing the thin cloth to the side as it points almost straight up from between his legs and sways like a metronome as he walks up and down behind the bar.

"Yes a beer would go down good but first I must taste Lydia's pussy juices." I say as I pull my finger out of her to smell it then place it into my mouth. "MMMM," I hum then lean out to tell Harold that his wife's cunt tastes nice and sweet. Harold smiles and nods a thank you to me then dips his own fingers between her still wide spread legs to collect some of her nectar for a little taste as well.

Next to me Zoe gives out a little gasp. I look over to see her looking at me with a nervous grin; she then glances down. Looking down as well I see Iman's slender black hand moving between my lady's thighs. I smile and shrug my shoulders murmuring that it is an orgy after all and she did feel Lydia's cunt just two minutes ago. "Yes, you're right but this is the first time that I've been touched by another woman," Zoe whispers back then sighs as Iman finds the right spot. As I turn away I see that her legs open wider while Iman's other hand pulls Zoe to her for a long slow kiss.

"They have finally decided how to run the orgasm contest. Please turn your stool around, Serge. I want your thick cock in my hand while we watch the show." 

Zoe and I swivel around to watch. Iman and Zoe now have their fingers in each others pussies. I feel Lydia's chubby hand on my cock; she is now slowly rubbing two cocks with her titties gently rocking to the motion. She smiles then leans over to whisper in my ear, "I'm going to have this beautiful hard cock fucking my wet pussy while I suck my husband off as soon as this contest is over."

At the table the women are drawing straws. Two girls; a red head and a brunette get the short straws and after looking at their partners they leave them to stand nervously together between the table and the round bed. The men who are not the partners of the standing women draw straws. A blond man and a black haired one stand as the winners. A coin is then tossed deciding who is tongue and once again for which girl. At a nod from the woman who has been selected as the judge the girls crawl onto the bed and lay on their backs in seductive poses. At another nod the two men crawl onto the bed with the black haired one kissing his way up between the brunette's thighs to begin licking her clit while he snakes his hands up to take her nipples in his fingers. "Yes!" she groans as he finds her favorite spots.

The blond has lain beside the other girl to take one nipple in his mouth while he rolls the other in the fingers of his left hand. His right is busy at her clit with occasional trips into her wet cunt. The red headed girl begins to moan and yell out instructions to the stranger finger fucking her. "Harder." and, "There, right there." She reaches down to grab his cock in her hand to begin stroking it in time to his caresses as she approaches her orgasm. 

On the other side of the bed the brunette rolls her head from side to side, lifts her knees and digs her heels into the bed as she bucks her hips in a loud screaming orgasm. "Oh god, please don't stop," she urges her man, "I'm still cumming!" Her stomach quivers with each little orgasm as she slowly comes down to earth. Not giving the screaming brunette a moments rest the man moves up her body and plunges his hard cock into her sopping wet cunt to begin fucking her with long swift strokes until she cums again and he pins her to the bed as he too finally cums deep inside her. 

The losing couple has been separated by the judge before the girl can orgasm. The man is sent back to the table leaving a very frustrated woman behind. She tries to finger herself to orgasm but is stopped by the judge again and reminded of the rules that she has agreed to. Sighing she stops and turns to watch the winners fucking beside her. 

Finished the man pulls his now limp cock out of the brunette's hole; leaving a trail of white cum and pussy juice across her thigh. The red head, knowing her duties, crawls over and begins to lick the other woman clean starting with the trail on her thigh before moving in to lick the cum dripping out of her still gaping cunt. By the time she has finished the brunette has orgasmed one more time and lies on the bed totally spent. The red head moves on to her next job; here she smiles knowing that after cleaning him and he gets hard again she is to fuck herself on his cock until they both cum. She takes his limp wet cock in her hands and licks up and down the shaft before taking it into her mouth to suck until he is hard again. It's not long before her head is moving in longer strokes. She smiles then moves up to sit over his thick cock and guide it into her frustrated cunt to ride him to a very quick orgasm. They roll over with the man on top where he fucks her to another orgasm. He then pulls out to get on his knees and motions for her to get on her hands and knees which she quickly does. He enters her from behind to pound into her until he cums one more time and falls forward pinning the thoroughly fucked woman under his limp body. There is a huge round of applause. The judge bows to the three people on the bed then walks over to the losing man, sinks to her knees in front of him to take his cock into her mouth until her nose is in his pubes and starts his second prize blowjob.

~oo00O00oo~

"God that was hot!" Lydia whispers as she jumps off her stool pulling Harold and I with her by our cocks. "It's time I get fucked by you two studs. Hurry along now; the beds are filling up quickly now that the orgy has finally started." 

I turn to say, "See you at dawn to Zoe," but she is already halfway to another empty bed being led by Iman and a tall, well endowed stranger. Behind me I hear Jean Claude say, "The orgy has started early tonight Nick. Please turn on the music for us." Nick flips a switch at the back of the bar and fast, throbbing, Polynesian music pours out of speakers placed all round the pavilion. 

Lydia leads Harold and I to a narrow single bed where she crawls across the middle so that she is on her hands and knees with her ass is facing me and her head is on the other side waiting for Harold's cock to be slid into her mouth. Lydia's huge tits hang down far enough to rub her nipples on the black satin covered bed. She wiggles her ass at me. "Fuck my tight cunt, Serge. I want to feel your thick cock as it slides into my pussy. Harold, I want you to watch as Serge puts his fat cock into me. Then come around and fuck my mouth."

Lydia shakes her big ass at me as I step forward to guide my cock between her legs and into her wet cunt. Finding her hole I push the head of my cock into Lydia's tight pussy. She moans as I slide slowly into her, "Oh Serge your cock is filling me and your cock rings feel wonderful rubbing in my pussy. Fuck me Serge." She looks over her shoulder at me, "Fuck me hard and fast. Harold, please come and fuck my face. Let's see how many men can fuck my cunt before you come in my mouth!" 

I start fucking Lydia with long full strokes as Harold walks around the bed to fill her mouth with his long thin cock. I am surprised as Lydia swallows the entire length of Harold's cock until her nose is buried in his thick pubic hair. I can hear her humming as she deep throats her husband with my cock in her. Her fat ass cheeks shake and quiver each time I drive my cock deep into her. Lydia's huge tits sway under her with each thrust I make arousing her even more as her nipples rub on the black satin sheet. I can feel her tight, wet vagina gripping my shaft as she moans and grunts with each stroke; her mouth full with Harold's long cock.

Two woman stop as they walk by to watch Lydia being fucked with a cock in her pussy and another in her mouth. They whisper in each other's ear then, smiling lustfully, crawl onto the bed to lie on their backs and take a nipple each into their mouths. The bed is short enough that each girl's ass is on the edge. They splay their legs wide with their feet flat on the floor; freely offering themselves to any man or woman that wants to use them. 

The girl on my right has her pussy quickly filled by a man who kneels between her legs and begins pounding into her with fast deep strokes. She lifts her legs and wraps them around his back; pulling him in as deep as she can. She moans in pleasure with her mouth full of Lydia's engorged nipple and her cunt filled with a man's cock. He reaches down to grab her large breasts and play with her erect nipples as he begins to piston in and out, his cock glistening with her juices. 

The girl on my left can't wait for someone to show her pussy a little attention. She begins to finger fuck herself as she sucks on Lydia's tit until her hand is slapped away by a tall thin blond woman with big pointy tits with inch long nipples who sinks to her knees between the girl's legs and begins to lick.

I can feel that Lydia is getting close to cumming as her vagina walls begin to tighten and milk my cock while I continue to pump into her. She starts moving her body back and forth faster between the cocks in her mouth and cunt until she reaches a shuddering orgasm that sends me over the edge. I drive my rock hard cock into her once more then again and finally a third time as I grind against her ass trying to get as deep as I can as I cum inside her body pumping my sperm into her over and over again until my heavy balls are empty. I rest for a minute; my cock still hard and buried deep in Lydia with her vagina walls milking the last drops of semen from me as she comes down from her orgasm. 

When I finally pull myself out of Lydia's cum filled hole a string of jism still connects my glistening, pussy juice, covered cock to her. Her labia are still gaping open and quivering as my prick slides out showing me her pink insides before they slowly close, but not before a large glob of my white cum slowly oozes out to hang for a second from her swollen pussy lips then begins to run down her leg. As I leave another man is already pounding into Lydia's, now cum filled, hole.

"Let me lick your cock clean, Serge. I want to taste Lydia's juices mixed with your tasty cum." 

It is the blond who is giving face to the tit sucking girl who spoke. She looks up at me with her face covered in saliva and the pungent nectar of the woman she is licking to orgasm. The girl on her back with Lydia's nipple in her mouth begins to miss the attention to her clit and sways her hips violently back and forth needing the orgasm that is so obviously close. The blond looks away from me for a second as she pushes a finger into the other woman's wetness and rubs her clit with her thumb; appeasing the girl's needs for the moment. Seeing her profile I finally recognize the lady as Svetlana. I couldn't place her until now as she always wears sunglasses to protect her ice blue Russian eyes from the harsh tropical sun. she is from St. Petersburg and is staying two villas down the beach from Zoe and I with her lover Raisa, another beautiful Russian blonde who's breasts are almost as big as Lydia's. 
