 Our anniversary was coming up which meant it was time to come up with something special to do for the occasion, Jasmine had always told me about something she had fantasized about but never really figured would happen. She wasn’t even sure if she wanted it to? That was to be the center of attention of maybe five horny men at the same time. We have shared many great times together us with another women, man, men and couples. But we had never been there! I could not get the thought out of my mind after it  got in there. How could I do this keep it under control and it still be a surprise to her? I had a little over a month and a-half to put something together.

The first requirement would be they all must be strangers no one she knew. But to be safe I needed to at least meet them all first, lay out the ground rules and what would happen if they didn’t follow them. I wanted this to be fun for all not something that got out of hand. I went online placing an ad at a swingers site for guys who might like to help carry this off. Thank god I had pointed the e-mail to one of those free mail accounts my mail box was full for weeks. I set out some ground rules first no response without a picture. Second they would have to be willing to meet and give name address etc. I did not need any bad apples plus I didn’t want anyone I couldn’t handle. I told Jasmine I had a big project at work and would be late the next few weeks. I worked my way thru the list of men that wanted to screw my wife narrowing it down which was a lot easier than I thought it would be most of these guys seemed to understand my reservations and were eager to comply with any conditions those who didn’t were gone. The list was complete I had a final meeting with the chosen ones picking out ones I felt Jasmine would be attracted to and so we could go over the plan of where they were to be and for them not to be together until they meant up in the room. They were to be dressed just short of black tie no blue jeans and t-shirts. They would all come by the club Jasmine and I would be partying at and dance with her. Then as the night wore on they would drift on at the scheduled time.

 The night finally came I had reserved a suite at a very nice hotel not letting her know; we were just going out for a nice evening on the town as far as she knew. We arrived at the hotel I pulled into the valet parking she looked over at me and smiled maybe thinking that I had also booked a room for after dinner, little did she know what I had in store. I had worn a blue blazer, white shirt, red tie and suspenders with khaki slacks. Jasmine had worn black seamed garter hose, a very sexy little black dress and black hi-heels she had brought a light coat just in case the night got to chilly. A single strand of pearls finished off her outfit. I had made sure she had gone to have her nails and hair done earlier in the day. She looked gorgeous! The dress clung to every curve of her 36-25 36 frame the flared skirt swaying as she walked. I extended my arm for her to hold as we walked thru the lobby to the court were the restaurant was I had made our dinner reservations at we checked with the hostess she said it would be a few minutes would we like a drink at the bar they would call us when our table was ready. We went in to the bar it was very dark with large cozy booths and candlelight with lots of wood paneling on the walls. 

A waitress in a very low cut gown came over and took our order. I had a margarita hoping she would take the hint ad order something with tequila in it as she could become quite a wild lady if plied with this cactus juice, she did, ordering a tequila sunrise. We talked waiting for our drinks to arrive soon I felt a toe sliding up my pant leg coming to rest at my crotch she asked what I was up to as her foot massaged my balls I was beginning to respond to her attention when the waitress returned with our drinks interrupting her query of me giving me time to think we drank our drinks as she worked on me to revel my plans I told her maybe we would go dancing after dinner I had heard the club here was pretty hot she smiled. Letting me off with that for now. We were told our table was ready and went to eat. Dinner was great I had a nice prime rib while she the sole after dinner we went to a room for cigar smokers and had a glass of brandy and a fine cigar. By now it was getting close to my prearranged time to meet one of the guys to give him a key to the room to so they could be waiting for us there. I told Jasmine that I needed to go the mens room maybe she would like to freshen up her lipstick and meet me at the club we could play like we were alone and see if I could pick her up. She thought that would be fun deciding to go along with my game. 

We separated her heading to the ladies room me off to meet Jeff one of the four guys that were to take part in my surprise tonight. I meant Jeff at the appointed place gave him the key and some last minute instructions. I wanted them all to be facing the door as we walk into the room but not so they could be seen until the door was closed and a light turned on. He agreed to set that up letting the others know.

 I left heading to the club where I hoped to pick up my wife. She can make it pretty hard when we play one of these games she acts as if she is single and I am just another guy trying to get her to go home with them. She will sit by herself or maybe with another lady or ladies. Dance with who ever asks her thru out the night and I better be one of the ones that ask her often if I want a chance to take her home. Rarely will I even be aloud to sit at her table until almost time to go. Dancing Jasmine loves to dance and the more she drinks the sexier she dances. She was wasting no time when I entered the club she was already on the floor with someone her body moving to the beat she was just warming up. I found a place to sit not far from her and ordered my self a drink telling the waitress that I would like to buy the sexy blonde in the black dress, pointing to Jasmine, on the dance floor a drink, if she’d let me. 

The song ended and the people started back to there tables as another song came blaring out of the speakers Jasmine almost made it back to her table but was intercepted buy another man wanting to dance. I loved watching her move her body to the music so did the other men that were dancing with her or just watching her. I made my move and got in a dance with her she had gotten the drink I had sent her and she thanked me with a light kiss on the cheek. I wont say there was a line waiting for her but she didn’t miss many dances that night after the first drink I sent over I could not buy her another one she had more than two waiting most of the night.


Jeff, Frank, Bob and Tom the guys I had picked out to help me tonight all got there share of dances with my sweet Jasmine as the night went on, along with many others I made sure I got as many as I could myself after all I did not want her going home with anyone else tonight. Around midnight things started to thin out some which was the signal for the guys to go up to the room to wait Jasmine had disappeared a few times for a little while I assumed to go to the ladies room. I would learn later I was mistaken. 

 I moved in she was feeling pretty good we danced and she rubbed up against me touching me I was getting very hot dancing with this very sexy lady in fact if she had a few more drinks I might have gotten her dancing on a table right there. Now that was an idea for upstairs as I asked her if she would like to come up to my room. As she swayed back against me I asked her if maybe she would dance on the table in my room for me. She turned her head kissing me then saying that it might cost me for a private show. But sure she would love to come up but just for one drink right? “Right” I answered.

We left the club heading to the elevators I had her coat over my arm. As we walked to the elevators she told me she had been a bad girl tonight. I ask her how and she told me that she had danced so sexy and it had cause more than one of her dance partners to be left with a hard on after their dance. I said that wasn’t all that bad because I didn’t feel it was her fault they got hard she said no there was more had I noticed that she was gone for awhile thru out the evening I said yes I figured she had gone to the ladies room right. Well sort of but she wasn’t alone all the time she confessed that she had taken at least two of her dance partners and given them head, yet really it had only made her all the more horny for me. Yes and the girl in the bathroom they just kissed that was all honest. We arrived at the elevators, since we were on one off the top floor to make the ride more exciting I told her for her punishment she would have to take her dress off now and then walk to the room in just her heels and hose for being such a naughty lady tonight. Maybe it was all the hot dancing or the tequila but she just smiled at me and slipped the straps off her shoulder letting the dress fall to the floor. 

I picked up the dress as the car doors opened it was empty we stepped in the doors closing as I pushed the button for our floor. The elevator car was mirrored so I saw every part of her beautiful form as she stood before me from every angle my what a sight we arrived at our floor and the doors opened again I could see her nipples hardening wondering if any one would be out there to see as we stepped out and walked down the hall to our door. I put the key in to the door turning the lock then turned to her taking her in my arms and kissing her I said “ I hope you enjoy yourself tonight! You know if you don’t. Just say the word.” We have what we call a safe word our own private word that if spoken the other person stops doing what ever it is he/she is doing to the other person the whole scene stops because that’s what the person who says it wants they want every thing to stop! NOW! I am proud to say we have never had to use it but it is just nice to know its there if we need it. We came up with this idea early in our relationship in case one of us felt the other had gone to far or was hurting them what ever the reason. She smiled kissing me back I still don’t think she had any idea just what was in store on the other side of that door.

I started to open the door when we heard another door opening down the hall and the bell of the elevator car arriving she almost jumped in the room as I walked in behind her tossing her coat and dress aside she turned to me embracing me kissing me deep on the mouth. I embraced her back returning her kiss. Then we walked further in to the room her leading the way  I was right behind her as I turned on the light I could see the look of surprise, almost fear, panic on her face; were we in the right room? There was a big mirror across the room so I could see her face all she saw were four men strangers no wait she had danced with some no all of them tonight the fear and panic washed away from her face and before it could be replaced with anything else I began to introduce them to my naked beautiful wife. As I introduced them one by one they stood coming to form a small circle around her she stood facing them her back to me. Were going to see if we can make your fantasy come true for you tonight dear. As I reached out to touch her skin the others did the same five pairs of hands touching her body at once. I had told everyone not to jump right in touch just her arms legs belly cheeks there was plenty of time to get to the rest I leaned in turning her head kissing her the Jeff, Bob, Tom and Frank took there turns as we slowly turned her in a circle so everyone could caress her everywhere.

I was the first to touch her breast it was the way things were to be once I had touched her they were free to do the same we continued to rotate her slowly kissing her now two, three or all five at the same time where ever we found a spot. As she came around again I reached out siding my hand up her inner thigh but not touching her pussy her thigh was wet with her juices they were running down her leg. Her eyes were closed as she kissed back anyone reaching her lips. She thrust her hips out to my hand trying to make me touch her but I pulled my hand back then put it to hers lips she licked my fingers. She had figured no one would touch her there until I did.


I told her we wanted her to dance for us. We moved a table over that was about a three foot circle moving chairs around it. Then as Tom turned on some hot tunes on the CD player we helped her up on to the table and she began to move to beat. I had made sure there was something for every one to drink bringing it to the hotel earlier in the day when I checked in. Also bringing some other things for the nights festivities. As she danced she began to play with herself rubbing and touching then licking her lips as she would look at one of us. She really was getting into putting on a show. I was enjoying it so much as were the others the song ended she looked dry I ask if she’d like a drink she said yes I had a shot, salt and lime ready for her she licked her hand salted it did the shot and started moving to then next song almost in a single motion as she bumped and ground her body to the rhythm of the music I began to undress, seeing me the others soon followed. Soon we all had tossed our clothes aside and were sitting around naked with our cocks standing tall watching my beautiful wife dance and play with herself. She ask us as she ran her hand thru her wet snatch then brought her fingers to her lips if we’d like to eat her wet pussy and make her cum. Looking at her lick then suck her fingers like they were small cocks made me ask her if she’d like to suck us too while we ate her. She pulled her finger out of her mouth making a popping sound saying yes very much. She would love to suck all our cocks if we’d eat her soaking wet pussy.

We stood then picked her form the table carried to over to the bed laying her across it. We placed her toward the foot of the bed so we could all have access to her. Slipped a pillow under her cute ass. Tom was the first to dive in lapping up her pussy juice like he was dying of thirst I meanwhile went to the head of the class having eaten Jasmines sweet pussy many times I figured they could please her first then be pleased by her sucking there stiff cocks. I feed mine into her mouth umm it felt good to have my cock in her even if it was only her mouth. She gives such great head it is a toss up as to just where you want to fuck her anyway. If  I had my way and the time I would always first cum in her mouth next in her sweet pussy then last, just so I didn’t miss any thing, her tight ass! She was cumming from Tom’s tongue lashing of her hard clit. I pulled out of her mouth to  make room for Tom, he had earned his turn. I bent over giving her a kiss then Tom kissed her she licked his lips tasting her self as Frank began to minister to her sweet V. Her legs were up opening her wide he began fingering her as he licked as Tom pumped his cock into her mouth. She tried to hold back as another climax rose up from deep with in her. Bob moved in to take his turn but she came so quickly Bob barley got a taste as Jeff took over which let Bob get his blowjob. 

When it was Jeff’s turn to be sucked I move in to start fucking her my god her pussy was so creamy I began slowly then picked up speed as Jeff matched my pace at her mouth fucking her from both ends I could feel her climax as here muscles grabbed my cock pulling my own climax out of me and shooting my load deep into her. Which brought Jeff off in her mouth. Now Bob and Tom started fucking her not even letting her catch her breathe she reach out and took Franks cock in her hand stroking it. As Jeff and I worked to recharge our cocks Bob came which let Frank be third at her overflowing pussy. Jeff moved to let her suck him again as Frank exploded in her Tom stepped in as soon as he could she was fucking us all the last of the five of us was about to shoot his load into her after he did. We all took a short break for another round of drinks. Jasmine just lay there still shaking as we stroked. Then I laid some pillows on the table she had been dancing on. We moved her over to lay on it all of us gathering around her we began stroking ourselves. This was her fantasy to have a bunch of guys fuck her then stand over her and cum on her it work almost perfectly as the first of us started to shoot our load it became an eruption of cum from all angles squirting out and landing on her face, neck, breasts, belly, and pussy. She opened her mouth to catch a drop or two licking her lips for more then rubbed the rest into her skin and licked it from her fingers. Spent I thanked the guys Jeff, Frank, Bob, and Tom as they dressed then left together. Jasmine had recovered enough to thank them too. We showered as I washed her from head to toe then dried her off . Said I hoped she had enjoyed the night because I sure had we laid down holding each other drifting off to sleep. 

I awoke felling like I was about to cum looking down there was Jasmine between my legs head bobbing up and down on my now very stiff rod. She must have sensed I was about to cum because she stopped squeezing the base of my cock very hard helping me to hold it back she smiled at me saying you forgot one thing tonight no one ever came in my ass. Would you like too?  Well of course, hell yes, you bet! Was what I though I am still not sure what I said. She already had the probe out I also noticed she had put her stockings an heels back on meaning she wanted to do it standing up, she is short 5’ 2” with her heels on they bring her to the perfect height for fucking, maybe at the mirror? I wasn’t sure. She took the bottle of probe squeezing some out in the palm of her hand then stroking my hard cock. She pulled toward the drapes opening them she opened the sliding glass door then stepped out on to the balcony facing the hand rail reaching out gripping it spreading her legs. She looked back over her shoulder and said” Fuck my tight ass fuck it good for me baby! For everyone to see” I stepped up behind her pushing my cock into her tight orifice. 

She took a deep breath as my cocked entered her in one push I widened the spread of her legs to get deeper in her and began pumping into her heavenly tight ass pulling all the way out to drive back in she whimpered with pleasure as my thrusts increased speed I could see the passing cars in the predawn light moving down the highway I wondered if any one was looking up to see this sight of a beautiful blonde standing on the balcony of this five star hotel being fucked from behind. She came again and again as I drove into her until I to could feel my own climax building again deep with in me I could hold back no longer my cum rushed forth into her ass as she screamed her own pleasure and I mine I held on to her as she fell back to me holding her tight until the pleasure subsided in us. I pulled out and we stepped back inside closing the door. We went to bed this time not waking up till late the next morning before she woke I called down for breakfast having it sent to the room when it arrived I went to the door to let them in Jasmine lay naked on the bed just waking up.