 Bhang is a real drink that is drunk in India. I have had the opportunity to try some in the USA. It is quite potent! A little goes a long way. Google it to get the recipes.

This story contains interracial sex. If that offends you, move on! This little tale is not for you. Everyone in this story is at least 18 years of age.

Chapter 1

John Caples struggled to wake up. The sunlight streaming into his bedroom was like an assault on his senses, causing his head to pound and his eyeballs to ache. He knew the symptoms; he had a hangover. He slowly opened his eyes, letting the knife blade of the sun ravage his eyes.

He buried his face in the familiar mingled grey blond hair of his wife, Anita. He threw his arm across her waist, his hand cupping her large bare breast. He squeezed it gently as he had so many times over the years. He felt his morning wood sliding familiarly between the cheeks of her full firm ass. Nita moaned and ground her ass into his crotch.

He could feel another body pressed against his back. He realized that there was a third person in the bed. He raised his head, winced from the shooting pain and glanced back over his shoulder. He was stunned to see Suska Pasha's shoulder length greying black hair. She lay on her belly. Naked! She had her face turned away from him with her legs slightly spread. Between her legs, he could see wisps of her bush of gray pubic hair. The air was heavy with aroma of stale alcohol and sex. Gradually the fog of sleep begins to clear.

What the hell happened? He slid carefully to the end of the bed and looked back. Suska's pubic hair looked wet and matted to her swollen labia.

The room blurred and swam around him as he attempted to stand. He held his arms out to either side like a tightrope walker trying to maintain his balance. Slowly he brought one hand to his forehead, partially shielding his eyes; he extended the other as he moved gingerly toward the bathroom.

Looking back into the bedroom, John squinted against the sunlight, as he held his cock over the toilet. His cock felt sticky. He balanced himself against the wall behind the toilet with his free hand as he released a stream of yellow urine into the commode.

Like scenes in a movie, the previous night flashed before him. He reached the scene where he dropped his load into Susie's succulent pussy, when he heard a groan. He looked back into the bedroom and saw Suska turn and sit up on the side of the bed, her head in her hands.

"Oh my God, she moaned! My head feels like it's going to explode!"

He watched as she turned her head slowly, surveying the unfamiliar surroundings. Her breasts were small and sat like small caramel colored grapefruit erect on her chest. Her nipples were like small brown raisins. Her abdomen was flat with a few wrinkles. Her thighs were well formed and her ass was round. Finally, she saw him standing in the bathroom pissing.

"Oh my God, John, you're naked!" Suska covered her eyes and partially turned her head. However, her eyes were drawn to the large brown cylinder that hung between John's legs.

Following Indian custom, Suska married her husband when she was 18 and he was 35. She had never seen another man naked in her life. Although she had no life experience to compare to, she realize that John was much larger than her deceased husband was. Then a realization hit her. She and John fucked last night.

"Suska, please keep your voice down! There is a guy inside my head with a drum and he is pounding away!" The dryness of his throat accentuated John's Midwestern accent.

Despite the waves of dizziness that washed over her, Suska was impressed with the size of John's cock. It hung black and heavy between his legs lying against his huge ebony ball sack. His shoulders were broad. Time and inactivity had given him a pronounced belly pooch. However, his thighs and legs were like massive tree trunks. Slowly, she began to recall those massive thighs driving that enormous cock into her pussy. She shivered as she recalled the pain that turned into an all encompassing pleasure. She blushed a little as she recalled her screaming from his ministrations.

The soreness between her legs was another reminder that massive cock had been in her last night. Despite the soreness, she felt a tingle.

A groan behind her caused her to turn and look across the bed. She saw her best girlfriend Anita, slowly raise her head. She glanced from side to side, her eyes unfocused. She pushed the upper half of her body up by bracing her arms against the bed.

"Susie, what the fuck are you doing in my bedroom? And John, why are you naked?" Anita said in her slow Southern drawl.

Holding his throbbing head with one hand, John used his other hand on the wall to balance himself as he moved down the hall toward the kitchen.

"Coffee, he exclaimed, coffee, I need coffee!"

"John, put on your fucking robe!"

As he stumbled past the closet, John reached in and grabbed a robe. He slipped it on and knotted it as he walked gingerly toward the kitchen.

Suska watched her girlfriend slowly get to her feet. At 63, Nita was quite pear-shaped. Her breasts were heavy but smaller than her wide thick hips. The grey hair on her blonde head matched the neatly trimmed hair of her pussy. She had a slight belly pooch, the residual of having had three kids.

"Sweetie, I think my husband has the best idea. Let's get some coffee and tried to figure out what the hell happened!"

Anita struggled to her feet. She weaving slightly as she did. "Jesus H. Fucking Christ! What was in that shit you gave us last night?"

Suska started to laugh. Then thought better of it as the throbbing in her head increased.

"As I told you last night, Nita it is called bhang. It's an Indian drink."

Slowly, Anita's vision starts to clear. She surveys her petite girlfriend. As she does, an image of her head buried between those slim thighs pops in her head.

"Oh my God, Anita exclaimed, we...I...!" Unable to get the words out, she points at Suska's pussy.

Suska drops her head in embarrassment. "Yes, yes you did!" Rather than say the words Suska lets her open palm drop and partially cover her pussy.

"And I..." Again unable to say the words, Suska points at Anita's nether regions.

Slowly the events of the previous night become clear in both women's minds. It was a night of debauchery like neither of them had ever experienced in their life. They did things that were only been fantasies.

"And John, John... fucked you?"

Suska nodded quietly. Even as waves of embarrassment washed over her, the soreness and tingling in her pussy told her, she had enjoyed sex with her friends.

Anita goes to the armoire and pulls out two of John's tee shirts. She slips one over her head and shimmies it into place. It drops, just covering her bottom. Suska slips hers over her head. It sags to her knees. The collar just holds on her small shoulders.

"Oh my god, Anita giggles, you are so tiny! How tall are you?"

Suska turned and inspected herself in the full length closet mirror. She stuck her tongue out at Anita's reflection.

"I'm 5' 1" and 110 pounds, she fired back with a titter. My size didn't bother you last night!"

Anita blushed bright red. Memories of the previous night continued to flood her mind. "I have never...gone down...on a woman before!"

Suska did not blush but her caramel colored skin darkened as she flushed. "I have never had sex with...anyone...except Sanjay...until last night!"

"You are a fast learner, laughed Anita." She winced and her hand shot to her head. "Come on! Let's go get some black coffee!"

John poured coffee for the three of them. He added a splash of the hair of the dog, bhang. They sat down around the kitchen table and began to piece together what happened the night before.

Chapter 2

It was Valentine's Day. John Caples busied himself in the kitchen preparing the steaks he was going to grill that evening. He was mildly upset with his wife. She invited their friend, Suska, to have dinner with them. John was not a romantic but he thought that days like Valentine's Day were for couples to spend time together. Anita made a good case for inviting Suska. Her husband had died nine months before. After 40 years of marriage and at the age of 58, she was alone for the first time in her life. Still, John knew that there would not be too much romance with a third party there.

"John, I'm going to take the cover off the hot tub in case we decide to use it tonight."

"Yeah, that will be great. It will be very romantic for the three of us to be in the hot tub on Valentine's Day, John said sarcastically. "

Anita Caples walked up behind her husband and wrapped her arms around his waist. She let one hand slide down the front of his shorts and gently caressed his cock.

"Mmmmm, don't worry baby! There be time enough to play after she leaves."

"I know. However, she needs to find a boyfriend or something. Since Sanjay died she's practically a fixture here."

"Honey, her entire adult life was spent taking care of the needs of one man. Her culture demanded that she become practically a servant. She has confided in me some. What she called a sex life with Sanjay would get you kicked out the house."

Anita smacked her husband playfully on his butt. "You just be sure to take your pill so you're ready!"

What Anita did not tell her husband was that Susie had confided that she had never had an orgasm with Sanjay. In addition, she really did not know she was supposed to until she started reading about it in magazines. Anita shook her head.' There was not much she could do for her good friend except give her shoulder to cry on.'

John walked down the short hallway that led from the kitchen to the master bedroom. He walked into the large bathroom, open the cabinet and took out his bottle of Cialis. He sighed as he read the label. His doctor had recommended that he take 5 mg daily for his prostate problems. One of the side effects was that he got harder and recovered quicker. He smiled as he popped two 5 mg pills into his mouth. After all, he thought, this is Valentine's Day!

 Chapter 3

Suska lay on her platform bed. Her small brown feet were planted firmly on the coral sateen duvet, her knees drawn up and spread. She lightly touched herself. Her grey streaked ebony pubic hair glistened with her wetness. Her hips pumped slowly up and down. Her breathing was slow and deep. A thick white cream oozed from her over heated sex.

As her finger entered her cunt, a vague, dark masculine image swam into view. He was her fantasy lover. For years, she fantasized about him while masturbating. She felt a tingle between her thighs as she imagined what his cock looked like. She imagined it standing brown and hard, perhaps with little droplets of pre cum clinging to the slit. Suska had never sucked a cock. Sanjay never asked her. All he demanded was that she bathe, trim her pussy hair and lay on her back while he fucked her. It never took very long. She recalled the women at the country club talking about long languorous fucks. She squirmed in her lounger as she heard them discussed long sex sessions fucking and sucking their husbands or lovers.

Her back arched as she plunged her finger deep into her aching pussy. Her hips pumped up and down. She took her dripping wet finger from her pussy, opened her full lips and sucked her finger in. The musky saltiness caused her to flash back to her sister. She recalled them laying wrapped in each other's arms. Her pussy leaked copiously as she remembered their tender explorations.

They had started with affectionate kisses. By the time her parents announced her betrothal to Sanjay, they had progressed to long sweaty sessions, laying head to toe, fingering and kissing their intimate parts. She lusted for the fragrance of her sister's sweet pussy. Her sister's labia had lay open like the petals of a flower. So tiny and so fragrant. Like a bee stealing nectar from a flower, her tongue had explored their depths.

She moaned as she remembered the time her sister had first slipped a finger in her ass. Her startled disgust at her sister's action turned to a long silent scream as she moved her finger in and out of her aching ass while sucking hungrily on her clit. She remembered her sister's surprised giggles when she squirted her female essence on her face.

Suska's fingers did figure eights around her vulva. At the lower part of the eight, she would let her finger trail over her starfish. She felt it twitch as it anticipated her invasion. On the upper part of the eight, she touched her clit. Electric shocks coursed through her body. She imagined Anita between her legs like her sister, sucking her engorged clit while fingering her pulsing asshole.

She eased the finger on one hand into her ass and began a slow in and out. She sucked the middle finger of her other hand into her mouth and sucked it lustfully. Was this how it felt in a threesome? One person loving your ass and pussy while the other offered his penis, his cock, his dick to your mouth. How did it feel to have a man's cock in your mouth while a woman pleasured you?

Suska knew she was close to coming. Her round ass was in the air. Her finger flew in and out of her ass. Her breathing was labored, tortured. Her mouth formed a moue as she sucked on her finger's tiny length and width. It felt like her husband's penis when he entered her sex. Suska stifled a scream as her orgasm wracked her body. Her body pumped up and down, her finger was buried deep in her ass as she felt her juices spurt onto the back of her hand.

Suska collapsed back onto her bed. Her breathing slowed. Her body covered in a light sheen of sweat. Suska sighed and rolled to a sitting position in her bed. She frowned as she looked at the large wet spot on her sateen bed covering. I must start using a towel under me. She shivered deliciously as she walked across her bedroom into the shower.

***

Suska stepped from the shower with the water streaming in rivulets between the chasm of her cleavage and over her prominent hairy Mons Veneris. She took the large white Egyptian cotton towel from the bamboo stand and slowly dried her body. The softness of the towel caressed her nipples. She lingered, enjoying the touch. Like a lover's touch she thought. However, no lover had ever touched her aching nipples.

As the towel moved across her clit, she felt a shiver. Guilt quickly followed that shiver. She engaged daily in this personal pleasure. For 40 years, her duty in life was to service her husband. However, Sanjay was dead. Still, in the mirror, she could see it was swollen and shiny with moisture, extending prominently from its hood. She let the tip of her finger rub it lightly. A delicious tremor shook her body. Masturbatory dreams filled her lowly days.

She sighed and surveyed her closet for something to wear. She picked out a blue cotton Shelwar Kameeze dress in gorgeous prints and patterns with complimentary striped pants. She laid the outfit on the bed and inspected it critically. It was a traditional Indian garb. Sanjay had insisted that she wear traditional Indian garb. However, since his death, Suska went shopping with Anita. She bought some more American casual wear.

Suska turned and walked to the closet. On the floor, were the bags from her last shopping trip with Anita. She pulled the bags out. In one bag was a jean mini skirt and a black off the shoulder batwing tee shirt. In the other was blue Victoria's Secret lingerie.

Sanjay had never allowed her to wear such outfits. He thought they were decadent. They displayed too much of her. She smiled quietly as she opened the Victoria's Secret bag. She held up the slim blue thong. It was a mere whisper of silk. She stepped into it, luxuriating in the way it caressed her thighs and settled intimately over her pussy. She giggled as she observed herself. Then she slipped on the bra. It was a Demi bra that just barely covered her large brown nipples.

She thought how wicked it would feel to be sitting at her friends house with this lingerie on. She quickly slipped on the mini skirt. She stopped and surveyed her image in the mirror. One day she thought, I will wear just the bra and skirt. For someone. She sighed disconsolately. Probably for no one, she thought. No one wants a 58 year old Indian widow. She picked up the tee shirt and put it on. Barefoot she again inspected herself in the mirror. She decided she liked the effect. She slipped on some sandals with a blue Rosette over her pearlescent toes.

Perhaps, she thought, I should take a gift. After all, couples usually celebrate the day. She paused for a moment. Then hurried down the stairs into the basement. There in a large cooler was one of SanJay's big secrets. He manufactured bhang for the local Indian culture. Bhang was made with the THC extract of marijuana, butter, honey and alcohol. It packed quite a wallop. It was quite illegal in the United States.

Sanjay did not allow her to use it. However, she helped to make it. Once she had sneaked a taste, just a small sample. She recalled giggling like a schoolgirl all day and feeling like she was walking on a cloud. She selected a bottle labeled Hot Buttered Bhang. She knew this one contained Myers rum.

Feeling particularly wicked with her Victoria secrets underwear on and a bottle of bhang in her hand, she headed out the back door and across the common yard to her friends house.



Chapter 4

"John, the steaks were amazing! You are an excellent cook." Suska's normal lilting voice was slightly slurred. The half empty quart bottle of bhang sat on the table.

"Susie, thank you! By the way, this bhang is potent." John's tongue was a little thick, but he felt an overall sense of well-being. The combination of the bhang and the Cialis gave him a nice chubby. Anita had laughingly smacked his hands when he tried to feel her up.

However, he could not take his eyes off Suska. She sat demurely, her full thighs pressed together at the knee with her legs slightly to one side. She looked amazing in her mini jean skirt. Her small feet and slim ankles swelled to well-formed legs. He could not stop looking at where her full thighs disappeared under the short skirt. The off the shoulder tee shirt accented her small breasts. For the first time he saw her as something other than his neighbor's shy widow. She was a shapely, sensual female. Her dark eyes were deep and mysterious. Her accent was melodious and alluring.

"Look, Susie, did you bring a swimsuit? We were going to use the hot tub for a while this evening. It's a beautiful night."

"No I did not. However, I have imposed on your hospitality long enough. It is Valentine's Day evening. I'm sure you guys have better things to do than entertain an old Indian widow."

"Nonsense! You don't have to leave, said Nita with a pronounced slur. We can all go in naked." Inwardly, Anita was pleased that Suska seemed to be coming out of her shell. She was concerned that her best girlfriend was becoming a recluse. She looked absolutely delectable in her outfit. It was a big change from the normal saris that she wore. She had caught John stealing glances at her and knew he approved also.

Suska's face felt hot. The bhang had her insides all warm and quivery. Her eyes kept straying to the bulge she could see in John's cut off jean shorts. She recalled Nita's girl talk about the size of John's cock. She brought her open hand to her mouth and covered it as she tittered. "Oh my God no! I could never do that!"

However, a part of her wanted to experience the sensuality of being nude with her friends. Late in life, she came to realize that sex with Sanjay was perfunctory and formulaic. She felt cheated. She spent a lot of time in preparations for sex. She would bathe and apply flowery scents. She would get in bed nude and call to her husband that she was ready. He would enter the darkened room. Then he would lay on top of her and enter her. It rarely lasted more than a few scant minutes. As they got older, he would be angry with her if she were too dry. Anita suggested some lubricants. Nevertheless, even with that, he came to her less and less. When he died of a massive coronary, they had not had sex in two years.
