 Thanks again to BlueStarGrrrl for help with the editing. 



So, there I was, naked, with Rosie lying exhausted next to me; both of us covered in sweat, and with huge smiles on our faces, but Laura and Evie weren't finished. 

Evie looked at me and winked...

"Wow, that was hot. I've never licked a girl out before and seeing you fucking Rosie was amazing."

Laura said, "You have no idea what two women can do for each other, that's why I love women. Cock is fine but nothing beats the smell, taste, feel of another woman. If you are willing we have so much to teach you."

Evie looked at me. 

"As long as I can watch and occasionally join in, it's fine by me," I said.

"Great," said Laura. "For now though my pussy is aching and needs some attention. How about you finish me off Evie?" 

And with that, she lay down on her back and motioned for Evie to come closer.

She did. 

Evie lay on top of Laura and they started kissing, their tongues entering one another's mouths, whle their hands caressed each other's breasts. Just sitting there watching them, those pussies inches apart, well it started to turn me on. 

Laura grabbed Evie by the back of her head and started to push her down, slowly. Kissing as she went, she lowered her head to Laura's nipple. Taking first one, then the other, in her mouth, she sucked and bit on them making Laura gasp each time. 

Then still lower she went, over her stomach til eventually she reached her haven. Kneeling there, she looked at me, making sure I was okay - by now I had started to get hard again. I returned her smile and nodded for her to carry on. Turning from me, she let out her tongue and just flicked it over Laura's lips, making her shudder. Teasing Laura she slowly breathed in her pussy, kissing around it, up her thighs and down to her butt, just close but not actually touching her pussy.

"Oh fuck, yeah!" Laura cried.

Gently, Evie raised her finger to Laura's cunt, running her finger over her lips she traced her tongue over her clit. Slowly she slide her finger deep inside her, hooking it to face her, rubbing the rough spot at the entrance to her pussy. 

Faster and faster she went, rubbing harder and harder, making Laura wetter and wetter. Taking her clit between her teeth, she gently bit on it, rolling it between her teeth and tongue before sliding another finger inside her, then another. Faster and faster she fucked Laura with her fingers. Laura's legs clamped hard around Evie's head, sqeezing her tight as she started to cum, but Evie carried on fingering her, thrusting her fingers forever deeper and deeper till Laura couldn't take any more and came with a cry, completely covering Evie's fingers and face. 

But still Evie carried on ramming her fingers into Laura, lapping at her swollen pussy with her tongue, as Laura grabbed Evie by the back of the head.

"Jesus Christ, fuck me, fuck me hard," she cried, "I'm cumming again, oh my god."

Legs shuddering, back arching, she ground Evie's mouth into her pussy as yet another orgasm ripped threw her.

Rosie and I just sat and watched. 

Wow, that had to be the best thing I had ever seen. Rosie started to applaud.

"Baby, you looked like you really enjoyed that. She has a great tongue for a first timer doesn't she?" asked Rosie of Laura.

Laura couldn't reply and just smiled, looking at Rosie with dreamy eyes and a sated smile.

"Come here," said Rosie. "You have some of my girl's cum on your chin."

And with that, she leant forward and licked Laura's juices from of my beautiful Evie's face. 

Sitting there, watching all of this was amazing. I was hard again and felt nothing but love for this special and amazing girl of mine.

Rosie looked at me and smiled. "Well, it looks like you are ready for another go. I think it's Evie's turn to be fucked. Come on Evie, climb on," she said as she pushed me onto my back. "Take this beautiful cock whilst I try his tongue. I've never had a cock till now and I've also never be tongued by a bloke. I want to see how it differs from a woman".

And with that she sat astride my face and lowered herself on to my waiting tongue facing towards Evie who climbed up my legs till she was straddling my hips. Leaning forwards, Rosie grabbed hold of the base of my cock and slowly slide her mouth down it.

"Just getting it lubbed up for Evie," she said. 

Fuck, I couldn't believe this girl was a virgin to men, she sucked like a pro. Gripping my cock, she finally stopped gobbling on my cock and positioned it under Evie. Easing down slowly, she took me inside her. She was so wet and horny, she slid onto me with no problems at all.

Mmmm... I was in heaven. A beautiful pussy, poised inches from my face, waiting for my tongue and the woman I loved impailed on my cock. I had never felt better. 

So, off I went. Thrusting my hips and tongue. Trying to gain a rhythm, first ramming my tongue into Rosie, then heaving my hips to thrust into Evie. 

Hell, I wasn't gonna last long even though I had only recently cum. 

I could feel the build up already in my balls, as they started to tighten. 

Meanwhile, Rosie started to attack Evie; she leaned forwards and started to play with her clit, rubbing it, occasionally spitting on her fingers to moisten an already very damp area. Leaning forwards she kissed Evie, raising her arse up, which gave me even more access to Rosie's pussy. 

Moving my hand around I spread her lips with my tongue. Licking and thrusting, drinking down her lovely nectar. In my opinion, the nectar of the gods. Well, with all the attention Evie was getting it wasn't long before she orgasmed. Her juices dripping between my arse cheeks, and coating my thighs and belly, when suddenly I felt something on my balls. 

It was a mouth. 

Somehow Laura had positioned herself behind Evie and was playing with my balls. Fuck, that was it for me. I couldn't take any more more of this exquisite torture and grabbed Rosie's thighs, pulling her tight onto my mouth, eating her like a man possessed as I grunted and groaned before exploding inside Evie.

"Oh my god," I screamed as I bit down on Rosie's clit. 

Evie kept bouncing. Squeezing her cunt muscles, draining me of every last drop as I continued to pump into her, emptying my sack completely. 

Rosie, orgasmed on my face, Evie orgasmed on my cock.... 

Fuck. 

Fantastic. 

That's when Laura, grabbing my cock, pulled me out of Evie's pussy, hurting me a bit, but I didn't really care as she thrust my cock in her mouth. Draining my last 2 or 3 squirts into her mouth.

Evie climbed on top of me and all three girls, started kissing inches from my cock. Every now and again one would take me in her mouth, before lifting herhead and kissing. My cum was being swapped from one girl to the other. 

Hell, this only happened in porn movies surely, but no, here I was being sucked off by three different women. I couldn't believe it.

My cock felt completely drained and I just lay there as the girls stroked my cock between them. Kissing the head, rubbing their breasts with it and just hugging and cuddling my cock. Then Laura winked at me.

Reaching between Evie's legs, she slipped a finger inside her cum-soaked pussy and scooped a hand full of Evie and my combined juices and raised it to her lips.. She repeated this 3 times and on the 4th, instead of raising it to her lips, she coated my balls with it.

She dropped her head between my thighs and sucked my balls clean. My balls she had just recently covered in mine and Evie's cum. Fuck, she was so good as she touched my arse with her tongue.

"You still have one more pussy to fuck," she said.

We all looked at Laura.

"Yep, we can't go till you've fucked my wife as well," Rosie giggled," but first let' take a break, you look shattered and I could really do with a drink". 

So it was agreed, we stopped for a break. 

Evie and Rosie popped to the shops to get some wine and cider, whilst Laura and I just sat, exhausted but happy waiting for them.

...and you'll find out in part 3 of our first orgy what happened next...