 Thanks to BlueStarGrrrl for help with the editing. This is a story loosely based on an actual experience. Hope you enjoy.


My girlfriend, Evie and I had been together four years; there is a big age difference between us, she is 22, I am 40. Life was good, sex was great. Yes, we experimented a little, but nothing major. 

One November day last year, I had to work late. I didn't mean to sneak in, but I guess I must've gone in really quietly, as when I got home to my beautiful girlfriend I was very surprised to find her, legs spread, fingering her pussy, with pictures of me and some of my ex girlfriends all around and a video of me, getting my cock sucked, on the T.V.

Every girl I have ever been lucky enough to fuck I have tried to video. Even when they weren't game for that, I would at least get a photo and over the years I have managed to get quite a collection - it seemed my new girlfriend had found them. 

And now here she was with them all around her, watching one of these videos. Luckily, she was so engrossed in what she was doing and watching that she hadn't noticed I had arrived at home.

So, I crept back to the front door, opened it, then immediately slammed it shut, shouting that I was home. Having slowly taken off my coat and shoes, I eventually walked into the front room. All evidence of what Evie had been up to was safely hidden away, and she sat there, slightly flushed, but all prim and proper.

That evening, things went as normal until it was time for bed. She turned into some sex mad animal, who just couldn't get enough of my cock. She wanted it again and again. We fucked till the early hours of the morning, when my cock was drained and her pussy was red raw. And still she wanted more.

That's when she started to suggest we do new things.

"Like what?" I asked. 

With a gleam in her eye, she slid down and started to suck my cock.

"I love the taste of your cock after you have been inside me," she said, "I love it even more when the taste of your cum is mingled with my juices."

To emphasise this point, she spread her legs, scooped out her cum-filled pussy, spread the hot, sticky fluid all over my cock and started to bob her head up and down on my thick member, deep throating me, till I could take no more and spurted deep inside her mouth ....and like a good girl, she never wasted a drop, drinking it all down and looking like she thouroughly enjoyed herslf, licking her lips and smiling contentedly.

"Mmmm.... that's nice. I wonder if my pussy tastes the same as other girls?.... Well?" she asked.

"Um," not sure where this was going I hesitated in my reply. "Umm.... I guess, but most girls are slightly different."

"Oh," she said "I'd love to find out for myself."

Well, that threw me, what was I to say, so I just sat there, naked, my cock slowly drooping, as she gently carressed it, ocassionally, flicking her tongue over my balls.

"I wonder what your cock would taste like covered in another girl's pussy juice. I watched one of your videos earlier..." and there it was, her confession..."and I loved it. It got me so turned on watching your cock slide in and out of that girl's mouth, then when you laid her onto her back and started to fuck her, well I came immediately."

Looking up at me she smiled 

"I watched it 3 times and fuck it's made me horny..... Mmm... You like that idea do you?" 

Well, what could I say, she had my cock in her hands and what she was saying was making me hard again, betrayed.

Climbing up my body, she slid my cock inside her pussy. "Want to see me lick another girls pussy? Want to see me sit on her face whilst you pound her, pound her hard?" And I did, I wanted to see this and she knew it and we fucked again, eventually collapsing in each others loving arms.

Well, next day, I asked her if she meant it and she smiled and said she did. So, we decided to look into what and how we could fulfil this fantasy. 

For ages nothing happened, we joined sex sites, bought magazines and we just met brick walls or fakes. Then one day, we were invited to a gay night club in the area, for one of my friend's birthdays. 

Evie dressed up as usual, in her sexiest outfit, looking fabulous. Her boobs, nearly hanging out of her top, her beautiful legs encased in lovely thigh length boots. The evening went well, the drinks flowed and we were all having a great time when Evie needed the toilet. She was gone quite some time. 

Eventually she reappeared and was walking hand in hand with a beautiful redhead.

"Ummm, sweetie," she said "I, um, overheard this girl in the toilet talking and she has a girlfriend, whos name is Rosie. This is her life partner, Laura. Rosie has never been with a man. Ever. She is 24 and a virgin to men.... Well, I overheard this and, well, I offered your cock to her. Laura here, thinks it would be great if you would join them and take Rosie's cherry and I can also fulfil another fantasy and that's to be with another woman. What do you think?"

Well, what do you think I thought. What man in his right mind would say no? I readily agreed. I was taken by the hand by Laura and Evie to an Asian-looking girl at the bar and introduced to her. We stayed for a few more drinks but eventually the tension was unbearable and we all agreed to leave. 

Catching a taxi we went back to ours. In the back of the taxi, the girls were all over each other, kissing, caressing. Rosie kissing Laura, Laura kissing my Evie, and Evie kissing Rosie. I just sat there, getting harder and harder, hornier and hornier till I though my bollocks were about to explode.

When we reached mine the 3 girls practically fell into my flat, ripping each other's clothes off and kissing constantly. I had been forgotten. But I didn't mind, the show I was getting easily made up for it. So I sat down in the armchair and watched; I watched as both Rosie and Laura took off all of my girlfriend's clothes and laid her on the floor. 

Slowly, they took a nipple each in their mouths and sucked her huge tits, hands carressing her body, sliding lower and lower till their hands met over Evie's sweet wet pussy.

That was nearly more than I could stand and I started to rub myself under my trousers, stroking my cock slowly. Rosie then stood and started to strip, standing astride Evie, watching me as Laura slide lower till her head was between Evie's thighs. Evie screamed with pleasure. Rosie looked down as she eventually took off her knickers and lowered herself onto my Evie's face. 

Laura, turning to face me over her shoulder, knelt between my gorgeous Evie's thighs.

"Well, you going to use that?" she said.

"Hell yeah," as I quickly leapt out of my seat and removed my clothes with lightening speed. Soon naked, I stood there, wondering what to do, but it wasn't long before my decision was made for me. 

Rosie got into 69 with Evie and Laura stood up, grabbing me by the cock. She moved me around, behind Rosie, and dropping to her knees she started to suck me, getting me even harder if that was possible before guiding me into Rosie's waiting pussy. 

God, it was tight, and after a bit of a struggle, I was deep inside her. 

She screamed, from pain or pleasure I'm not sure, so I just rested there a bit, feeling her grip my cock and then Evie started. 

She started to flick her clit with her tongue. Sucking my balls and stroking the bit of my shaft that wouldn't fit. That was enough for Rosie . She started to thrust back into me. Fucking me as I also started to fuck her; deeper and deeper my cock went as I lost control completely and started to pump gallons and gallons of my cum deep inside her. She orgasmed at exactly the same time, Evie clamping on her clit, making her almost black out as her legs shook and her juices flooded out of her into Evie's mouth. 

It felt great but I had forgotten about Laura, and after thrusting once, twice, gripping Rosie's arse as I tried to unload everything I had into her, Laura pushed me back. 

Grabbing me by the cock, she hungrily started to lick and suck me clean. Devouring me with her mouth, sucking every last drop out of my already, nearly dry cock. I collapsed backwards. Wow, it felt great. Rosie and I were spent... for now but Evie and Laura weren't.... and that's the next story...