 It would benefit you to read my first story about this St. Martin trip, "Orient Beach Adventure" though this story can stand alone. This is a continuation of the story "Orient Beach Adventure", though my wife Susan gets thoroughly fucked this time, and I get some on the side too.

*****

You may have previously read about our first outing to Orient Beach during our trip this past December... Well the second trip there was even more out of character for Susan than the first. After our time at Orient Club beach where Susan had a complete stranger get her off on the beach she didn't act any differently or mention anything to me - just like it never happened or was no big deal. Well three days after our previous trip to the beach we had a free day and Susan was the one who suggested we go back and lay out at Orient Beach again. 

Based on the previous trip, I couldn't say "Sounds great, let's go" fast enough! 

We drove to the beach and this time Susan said it may be fun to just start off on the nude side, at Club Orient Beach. Wow, what a change! I certainly applauded her suggestion and we walked with our towels and beach bag right up to that side of the beach. We crossed over the rope, walked up the beach and settled down at virtually the same spot we had before, about 15 feet away from the bar, on two loungers facing the ocean. It was just past noon and the beach was not yet crowded, but there were several nude men and women walking up and down the beach, or sitting on chairs. I was already taking note of the naked women for sure, comparing the sizes of their tits, and nipples, making a mental note if they were shaved or trimmed. I stood up and asked Susan to help me - she unsnapped and unzipped my shorts where they fell to the sand. I hadn't worn any boxers since I knew I wasn't going to need them at this beach, or a suit for that matter! Susan stood up and unsnapped her top and pushed her bottoms down without any real hesitation. She seemed pretty excited to be nude there with me this time. She applied oil and rubbed it in. When she was done, her large nipples were really standing at attention, and I enjoyed looking! 

We enjoyed a good hour just chatting, napping a little and pulled out some sandwiches we had prepared at a boulangerie that morning. I went up to the bar and got Susan a coke and a Caribe for myself. While I was in line a gentleman next to me asked where I was from. 

I told him Boston and he got a little energized and said that he has a business trip to Boston in one month. 

He asked if he could join me and get some ideas of what to do with his free time while in Boston. I returned to our lounger and as I was going to introduce this fellow to Susan I said to him,

"I'm sorry I didn't catch your name."

He responded, "Oh, I am Jean-Marc. I live in Paris and am here on vacances." He had a thick but understandable French accent (thankfully). 

I passed the drink along to my wife and I said, "Jean-Marc, this is my wife, Susan." 

He came and bent over, giving her a kiss on both sides of her cheek. "Enchante!"

Jean-Marc (JM) sat down in the lounger opposite us with his back to the ocean and we proceeded to talk about his trip to Boston, how long he'd be there, free time for sightseeing, etc. He was really quite a nice guy, and I could see him regularly staring at Susan, looking her up and down. Susan had parted her legs and had been leaning over a bit while eating her sandwich, so her tits were swinging a little, with her nipples pointing right at JM. Additionally, he could very easily see her pussy lips from his vantage point, and they probably were opening and closing as she would move forward and back with her bites. After eating, Susan re-applied sunscreen all over her front, spending more time than needed massaging it into her tits and on her legs next to her pussy lips. JM was definitely looking when she was doing this too. Was she trying to turn him on? As she exited the conversation a bit, she put her lounger back most of the way. She leaned back, brought her legs up on the lounger, but left them spread apart and slightly bent at the knees. She definitely knew what she was doing! At this angle, her pussy was perfectly positioned towards JM and now he might even have a view of her pretty little asshole too. 

I went to get another drink, and asked JM if he wanted one, "Yes, please - a rhum and coka s'il vous plait". 

I grabbed his drink, another beer for me and returned. As I did, I checked out my wife when I passed her and damn she looked fine! I don't know if it was the sunscreen, sweat or lust, but her pussy lips were very, very wet - to the extent that the short hair around her vulva was wet and matted down. JM was really getting treated to one hell of a view. Though I don't make a point of looking, his sizeable cock was still flaccid, so he must have more control than I did. Shortly after that a woman came up next to JM, said something to him in French and bent over giving him a hug. Briefly, I had a great view of her ass. 

JM said to me, "David, zis is my wife, Sylvie. She just woke up from sleeping and has come to join us."

I got up bent over and kissed Sylvie on the cheeks and said, "Enchante Sylvie." I figured if that works for JM, it should work for me! 

Now just to describe Sylvie a little for you, she was an absolute knock out. She had dark brown hair just past her shoulders, light olive skin, doe eyes and a fantastic figure. Her tits were not as large as Susan's, nor did she have huge nipples either, but she was probably a strong B cup and her tits looked like a teenagers with no sag at all. I was very interested to see that she shaved her pussy completely. Sylvie reached into the bag she brought and pulled out a bottle of oil. She started to coat all her skin and as she was doing her legs, she spread them very far apart. What a gorgeous pussy! Her pussy was just slightly darker skin tone than everywhere else, and she had very long, distended pussy lips. They were just kind of all bunched up, with skin over skin, but when she put oil on them I could see them separate and her beautiful pink canal popped right into view. She was looking down so she didn't see me ogling her, but I looked at JM and he was staring right at me. I was busted for sure, but he just smiled at me and in turn stared at Susan's pussy while she was napping. I have to say that I was really getting turned on looking at Sylvie, and my cock was definitely noticing too. Although I was sitting, it was standing if you catch my drift. After Sylvie was done, she looked up at me, looked down at my now pretty erect cock and then simply smiled at me. 

About 30 minutes later Susan started to stir. We made introductions between her and Sylvie, and Susan entered back into the conversation. 

Susan asked me to get her a drink, so I brought her a rum and coke as well. She downed it pretty quickly saying that she was getting a little hot and parched. 

JM said that they had cold coke back in their room if we'd like to join them. It sounded nice, so we gathered our clothes and bags and followed them up the sidewalk and over to one of the huts there. It was pretty nice watching Sylvie's butt sashay right in front of us. Their room was pretty small and modest, with a queen size bed and a sitting area. 

JM grabbed several cold cokes with some glasses. He also got kind of animated and said, "Oh you have to have some of zis island rhum to try." He brought up a bottle of Ma Doudou rum that had a long stick of bark in the bottle. He poured our glasses half full of rum and we topped it off with the coke as we needed. The island rum really was pretty flavorful, and a little sweet - it was perfect! We sat back in our chairs, enjoyed our rum and all just chatted about St. Martin and the things we have enjoyed there. When JM refilled our glasses with more rum, he then sat down next to Susan on the sofa. I could tell that by then the rum was really getting to Susan as she was getting kind of giggly and flirty. Also a tell tale sign was that her nipples were extremely hard - she always gets very horny after drinking. 

Things were getting progressively loose, and then Susan missed her mouth when she tried drinking from her glass and spilled her drink down her chin and onto her right tit. She tried getting some of it off with her hand, but JM said to her, "It will get sticky if she is not washed." 

He then bent over and licked right along her chin and then down to her chest. Susan seemed a little startled at first, but then just leaned her head back as JM was circling her tit and sucking on her nipple. This went on for a few minutes as Sylvie and I just watched them, taking it all in. Finally JM pulled off her nipple with a big pop and announced, "she is very clean now." 

We all snickered a little and Susan then took her left tit and dipped it in her drink. She said, "I think this one is sticky now and needs help." JM wasted no time in enveloping that tit as well, and as he assaulted that tit, he started rubbing and tweaking her other tit. I watched in disbelief as my wife was now getting thoroughly serviced by the Frenchman. After about 10 minutes of tit play he started inching up to Susan's neck and started really kissing her neck and finally her lips. Susan was responding back in kind and they sort of got lost in kissing each other. 

I looked at Sylvie and she raised her eyebrow, then got up, came and sat on my lap. She looked me in the eyes and said, "Pourquoi pas? (Why not)" 

She leaned in and started kissing me, at first tentatively, but then deeply and aggressively. I ran my fingers through her silky hair and started massaging her right tit and nipple. She started massaging my cock, which was already in full missile state. I moved my mouth down to her other breast, sucking in her small nipple, while moving my hand slowly down her front. I was used to hitting a barrier of pubic hair before touchdown, but all of a sudden my fingers trailed over her wet slit. It was a totally different feeling rubbing her shaved pussy compared to Susan's hairy pussy. It was kind of wild down there in another way, because it seemed like fold after fold of skin to play with as they guarded the sacred entrance. No matter though - it was all fun, and I soon found myself with 3 fingers pistoning in and out of her juicy pussy. I looked over at Susan and JM, and he was leaning back while Susan was desperately trying to blow him. Now my cock is no monster, but certainly respectable. JM on the other hand was absolutely huge - not longer than normal, but so fat that Susan was grabbing it around with both hands. She could barely fit more than the big purple tip in her mouth. It was easily as thick as one of the coke cans! 

I returned my glance to Sylvie who had her eyes closed while I was fingering her. She mouthed to me, "You like lick ma chatte (pussy)."

I said "Oh, oui, oui!" 

She raised up and I slid down in the chair while she positioned her pussy right over my face. I licked all around her outer and inner folds, gently sucking one and then more of them into my mouth. At one point most of my mouth was full with her pussy lips - it was just amazing how long they were. I'd suck on them like a jolly rancher and then pull on them until they popped out of my mouth. I was studying Sylvie's pussy all the while. Her lips probably were a full two inches long hanging from her pussy. After gently playing with her pussy I started focusing on her rather large clit, licking and sucking it while alternatively delving deeply into her canal with my tongue. She was really moaning now and had both hands on the back of my head, massaging and grabbing my hair. 

A minute or two later, she let out a little shriek, followed by "Ah, oui! Mon Dieu" and held my head like a vice between her lithe legs. I kept administering to her through her orgasm and was rewarded when several small squirts of cum flowed from her pussy across her lips and onto my lips. She tasted just divine and I lapped all of it up, leaving nothing behind. 

I took a look over at Susan and she was now settling herself over JM's monster, trying to lower herself and impale her pussy. She definitely had some difficulty but finally got about 3-4 inches inside her as she slowly increased the pace. As far as I know this was the only other cock she's had since mine in about 18 years! JM's cock was getting really slick from all the pussy juice Susan was secreting to get that thick dick inside her further. Finally JM started pumping himself and was fully burying his cock deep inside Susan on each up thrust. Susan was moaning loudly and just going crazy. She looked like a rag doll as she was hunched over with her hair in her face. It was really quite a sight! 

She was dripping pussy cream all over his cock and it had built to a white foam and was now creating a river from her pussy down the base of his cock and past his balls. I had never seen anything like this, but then I didn't have JM's girth either. She told JM to go harder into her, and a minute later she had the biggest orgasm I believe she's ever had. She went absolutely rigid with her torso and her legs kept shaking and shivering for a good minute. 

JM kept at it and soon he said to her, "Here iz my French come" and he blew a total load deep inside my wife. 

Susan had just leaned back into JM as he hugged her, and a few minutes later she got up off him and sat down on the couch. Her pussy was swollen and red and there was white pussy cream all along her hairy vagina and cum started pooling down her pussy, ass and thigh. 

Sylvie hadn't missed any of the show. She saw the torrid mess her husband had made with Susan's help, and Sylvie sat up and then knelt down between Susan's legs. She looked up at Susan and said, "Zis will taste like you and Jean-Marc, no?" and she started lapping up the cum that had trailed down Susan's ass and legs. 

Sylvie slurped up the cum that had trailed down Susan's left thigh, then ran her tongue across Susan's asshole making sure she didn't leave any drop. She spent some time there (probably more than necessary) and then started scooping the cum with her tongue out of the depths of Susan's pussy. I had never been harder in my life. 

My wife looked totally content and had started pinching and playing with her nipples. Sylvie's gorgeous ass was right in front of me so I took the imitative. I rubbed her ass a little and then put my cock at the entrance to her pussy and drove right in. She was definitely wet and well lubed from my previous ministrations. I pounded her hard, making her little tits start to swing as she was licking all around Susan's pussy, sucking in pubic hair and giving her a thorough cleaning. As I was fucking her good, I put first one then two fingers in her ass. Her pussy really wasn't as tight as I needed (thanks JM for stretching her out...), so I pulled out of her and spit onto her lovely asshole. I smeared my spit and some of her pussy juice all around and then slowly inched my cock into her ass. Within two minutes I was all the way in and driving in and out. Now this hole was tight! Maybe JM hadn't conquered this hole already...? 

I was in heaven watching my cock invade her lovely heart shaped ass, and then watch Sylvie tonguing my wife's clit. I wish I could say I had the staying power of a lion, but a couple minutes into it I said, "Here it comes Sylvie" and blew a huge load right into her ass. God it was amazing! Right about the same time Susan shuddered and came again, grabbing Sylvie's head and keeping it right on her pussy. 

Shortly after, we all disengaged, and I went over to the couch, sat down and hugged Susan. JM had been watching and he said, "Zat was amazing - sank you both!" 

I replied, "It was definitely our pleasure!!" 

We relaxed and had another drink with them and then kissed them both goodbye, another deep kiss to Sylvie for me! I said to JM, "We will have to get together when you come to Boston." 

He said, "But of course!" and smiled. 

As we walked down to the nude beach and back to our car it was sunset and Susan and I were hand in hand. I leaned into her and asked if she had a nice afternoon. 

She said, "It was one I will never forget. I loved it, and I love you. Thanks." 

I said that maybe she can get a repeat performance in Boston next month. 

Susan smiled and added, "Jean-Marc told me that Sylvie was joining him for the trip." With that information my cock started to rise as I thought about the next sexcapade with Jean-Marc and Sylvie...