 Our week at the resort has been something neither Lynn or I has ever experienced or expected. Never before have we been with someone else and never has anything felt so erotic. The vision of my wife and Tom making love so passionately keeps floating in and out of my mind. There has been no jealously, but just realizing the heightened sexuality of my wife.

We planned to meet Tom and Susan for dinner and drinks at the main lodge of our final night before departing the next day. Lynn looked incredible as usual and put on a nice black top that hugged her breasts with a khaki skirt that also showed off her tanned legs.

"Let's not get Tom too worked up over dinner," I joked as I gave Lynn a wink.

Lynn looked back at me and blushed. We both knew that our last night could lead up to one last adventure. We arrived and found Tom and Susan pleasantly waiting for us at a table. 

"Hey you guys, you look so good," Susan said as she welcomed each of us with a hug.

I hugged Susan and shook Tom's hand as I caught him also giving my wife a quick stare as I am sure he noticed how sexy she looked. The normal small talk and bantor carried on as dinner and drinks kept coming. They both mentioned as well what an incredible week it was. 

Susan whispered in my ear, "It's not quite over yet, you know." 

I could feel my heart start beating faster and wondered what they might have planned for the evening. Susan looked great as well as she was wearing a white summer dress that didn't leave much to the imagination. I was fantasizing about the style of panties she was wearing under her dress. Picturing how her tiny lttile ass looked floated in and out of my mind.

Lynn was really loosening herself up as we popped open another bottle of wine. The ladies were a bit giddy and Tom and I were all smiles.

"Drinks are free at our place." Tom piped up.

With that we paid the tab, and left for their cabin. Lynn and I were hand in hand on the walk back and a I could sense the anticipation of the events that were about to happen. Tom opened the door to their cabin, and yes, some kind of plan was in place for romance. Candles were lit, the hot tub was going, and the fireplace was giving the room a glow.

Lynn and I looked at each other and she looked back with a grin that she was alright with what was going down.

"We thought that our last night should be special." Tom interjected to all in the room. "I just hope that both of you are ok with that."

After that statement Susan walked over to Lynn and grabbed her hand to walk her over to the hot tub.

"We really enjoyed the other night." Susan said to Lynn. "Are you ok with a little play time once more?"

Susan lifted her dress over her head and Lynn followed by taking off her top and shorts. The women looked at each of us while in their bras and panties. 

"You guys like what you see?" Lynn spoke to Tom and me. "How about grab the wine and bring it over here."

I grabbed the bottle and soon we all disrobed and into the hot tub. I admit to being pretty buzzed and was so turned on by the scene that I was already getting hard. I sat by Lynn and Tom by Susan. We passed the bottle around like a bunch of teenagers and it was no secret everyone was aroused.

"We would like to play a little truth or dare if you guys are up to it." Susan said to us.

"We're good for that." I said. "Maybe keep it a bit slow at first."

Susan started by asking me. "Truth or dare."

"Dare." I said somewhat cautiously.

"Give that beautiful wife of yours a big kiss." Susan said to me.

I kissed Lynn with passion and she responded with same eagerness. My hands caressed her breasts which were already firm. I could tell from the kiss Lynn was into the moment.

Tom was next. "Truth or Dare." He said to Lynn.

"Dare." Lynn said back to him seductively.

"Do something to make your husband jealous."

With that Lynn walked toward Tom in the hot water. She leaned into him and gave Tom a kiss with the same passion as the previous. Susan encoraged her by rubbing Lynn's back and neckline as the two made out like a couple of teenagers.

The kiss ended and Lynn came back next to me.

Lynn was up. "Truth or Dare." She turned to me with a coy look.

Feeling adventurous I said. "Dare." 

"I dare you to rub Tom's chest."

My mind starting spinning. My wife just asked me to touch another guy. I looked at Lynn and she gave me a nudge towards Tom. I'm a good sport and if this gets the ladies hot I'll do it I thought. I approached Tom. He had a look on his face as he was also inviting me to do it. Tom did have a nice masculine body that any guy his age would want.

I approached Tom and began rubbing his chest. He was a strong man and I admit he felt solid. Soon, Tom responded and was rubbing me back. Our wives were turned on and came up to both of us on our back side and pushed Tom and I closer together. We were standing as we did this and soon our hard cocks were rubbing against one another. I have to admit this was an incredible feeling. Another hard bodied man pressed against me. I felt the urge to touch Tom's cock and did. His cock was incredible. Just like his body, incredibly hard and thick. He reciprocated and we found ourselves looking into each other's eyes with a passion.

Susan started rubbing Tom's chest from behind him and soon there were four hands all over his body. She then planted a kiss on Tom and told us it was the girls turn for some fun.

Lynn came from behind me and went to face Tom.

"Before we leave I need that cock inside me one more time." She said to him.

Lynn then pulled Tom out of the tub. They briefly toweled off the water on each other and pressed their naked bodies together in a big kiss. Tom's hands were all over Lynn's body. She was squirming and grabbed Tom's ass and pulled him closer to her. She rubbed her sex against his in anticipation. Soon they laid onto the bed which was right by the hot tub. Lynn had Tom lie on his back and was getting ready to mount his hardness one more time. Susan and I watched, now touching each other, as Lynn slowly guided herself down on Tom inch by inch.

Susan turned to me and kissed me as we remained in the tub. I was also hard as a rock and turned Lynn so I could enter her from behind while enjoying the show. Susan bent over and I guided myself into her. I found it so arousing when she grabbed the edge of the tub with her hands and used that as leverage to push her pussy deep into me.

Sex filled the room once again. I felt as I never wanted this to end as I watched Lynn now bouncing up and down on Tom like a woman in heat. He was grabbing her ass as he was getting deeper and deeper into her with every stroke.

"Oh my god, your cock is so fucking big!" Lynn screamed out as you could see the sweat on her body now as the hard fucking continued.

Susan kept pushing back on me matching my every stroke and I would lean over her now and then to cup her breasts.

"Let's join them on the bed." Susan commanded.

She pulled me out of the tub as well and soon all four of us were fucking on the bed with no inhibitions. While still fucking Susan from behind I glanced at Tom. He looked at me with passion in his eyes. He wanted me to look at him as he was giving my wife the fuck of her life.

Soon both Tom and I had the ladies lay sideways facing each other. We both got behind them and entered from behind, as the ladies now were chest to chest while getting fucked.

Sure enough Lynn and Susan started kissing and rubbing each other's breasts as the sweat started pouring off everyone. 

Lynn was still verbal. "Fuck. Tom keep fucking me like you are!"

I know I couldn't hold out much longer and finally Tom looked like he was about spent as well.

"I'm getting close," Tom yelled as he now took Lynn more into a doggy position. 

A few hard thrusts and he collapsed on Lynn's back. Both were spent as they lay on top of each other.

"Fuck!" I yelled out as i finally came hard as well into Susan. We held onto each other as the session took all the energy out of our bodies.

I leaned over and kissed Lynn. All four of us exhausted. We all laid naked, quiet, gently caressing each other as this was something that we've never experienced.

After about 30 minutes of cuddling and quiet, all four of us got off the bed. Clothes were slipped back on and I embraced Lynn.

"This has been quite the experience." I said. "You two sure opened our sexual boundaries like never before."

"We enjoyed it too." Tom replied.

With that, we said our goodbyes. Lynn and I walked back to our cabin hand in hand. Who knows where we will go from here.