 *Trigger Warning* The following piece of art may be offensive to some people because it contains rape fantasy, which is not real. Real rape is wrong. This is for people who enjoy rape as a fantasy or role-play and is not intended to be real or to be reproduced in any way.

Jamie didn't move to Glen Oaks until the last year of high school. She didn't have any friends and somehow she ended up sitting with Jason and me during lunch. We were floored that a girl as beautiful as Jamie was talking to us. We certainly weren't the most popular guys in school. We were just your average, run of the mill, boring, video-game playing, horny as fuck high school kids. Jamie was a gorgeous girl and we were happy to have her in our group.

Jason and I had wanted to fuck her from the start but we had zero game with girls and both of us were virgins. Jason lost his virginity first to a girl in our class named Chloe. They fucked at a party thrown by some nerdy friends of ours. It wasn't the kind of party popular people went to but he actually got pussy and I was happy for him.

I didn't lose mine until later in the year and it wasn't a good experience. One of the school sluts, Penny Blair had sucked my cock so good that I was lucky I had lasted until the sex. She drained my cock in about two minutes under the high school bleachers after school with her slutty pussy and I knew that sex was for me! I also knew the girl I really wanted to have sex with was Jamie. She was so beautiful and by then she had become one of my best friends.

"I would never want to fuck you," she had told me once. "We are friends. I would hate to ruin our friendship." She had Jason and me in the "friend zone" and I was pissed off about it. I had put in so much time and love to our relationship with Jamie and I really wished it had resulted in sex. I didn't know where I had gone wrong.

By the time we were in college, we were comfortable with Jamie. She was like one of the guys and we all attended the same local community college. We had a few classes together. We were all adults now but it didn't feel like it. I didn't feel any different than I had felt as a kid only now I could vote and buy cigarettes. Our parents helped us get an apartment together and I think if they had known how much I wanted to fuck Jamie they would have done things differently. Maybe that was where we went wrong. I never should have moved in with Jamie when I felt the way I did about her.

The night it happened was like so many other nights. Jamie had brought home a bunch of DVDs she'd bought at a garage sale. We still had an ancient DVD player and people were giving away DVDs constantly, giving us access to all kinds of free movies. She was excited about some stupid movie from the 90′s about a pet detective and the way she begged to watch that movie made my cock hard. Things with Jamie had been escalating in my head.

Jason could sense my feelings for Jamie rising to the surface and he shot me a look that told me to tone it down. He was always defending Jamie, telling me that she had every right to just want to be friends and that we should respect her boundaries. I don't know why it pissed me off, but it did. What kind of monster did Jason think I was? Did he really think that I would do something awful to Jamie?

Thoughts flashed through my head of Jamie naked, my cock pumping in and out of her. She begged me for more, her lip in a permanent pout, one I'd never seen in real life. In my imagination, Jamie wanted me and Jason too. She let us both fuck her and I allowed myself to get swept away by this fantasy, forgetting where I was.

I was jarred back to reality by her perfect voice, "Kris? You okay? Come sit on the bed with us."

"I'm going to go mix some drinks. You guys want some mai tais?" I looked right through her as if I hadn't been fantasizing about her naked body.

"I'll take one, sure," Jason answered quickly.

"I'll have one too. Thank you. We'll wait to start the movie until you come back!"

"Thanks, guys," I walked out to the kitchen and mixed three perfect drinks. I put two of the drinks in normal glasses but for Jamie's, I grabbed a special glass that belonged to her. It said, "I'm a princess," on the front in block letters. It also had a top on it so she couldn't spill. She was a bit of a mess and so this was perfect. I was about to grab the drinks and bring them to our bedroom when I saw Jason's prescription bottle of Ambien on the counter. I don't know what made me think of putting the Ambien in her drink but the thought crossed my mind and at first, I resisted. I didn't want to do something so cheap and low. Except my cock was aching in my pants for Jamie. It had been aching for almost two years.

I grabbed the bottle of Ambien and made quick work of crushing one large pill and dropping it into her drink. I tried to stir it thoroughly so the medication dissolved. I didn't dare taste it. I shrugged and grabbed all three drinks and headed back to the bedroom. Jamie was happy when she saw I had put her drink in a special cup.

"It's so cute that you put it in my cup for me! Thank you, Kris," she cooed with delight.

"You're welcome! Now let's watch this movie!" I sounded excited but neither Jason nor Jamie knew the real reason for my excitement.

I must have dozed off. When I woke up, the credits from the movie were playing and Jamie's legs were slightly open. She was wearing a jean skirt and I looked up her skirt and saw her pink, cotton panties were the only barrier between my fingers and her pussy. I began to yank her panties down and easily pulled them from her body and worked them off of her legs. I glanced at Jason, who was also asleep. No one would have to find out. I could do this quietly and it would all be okay.

Her panties were off and so I pulled her skirt up and spread her legs open a bit. Her pussy was perfect looking. I hadn't seen too many pussies in real life, but online I'd dealt with a plethora of porn. I tried to channel all of the porn stars I'd watched as I pulled my cock out and rubbed it against her pussy. She felt warm and I could already feel the wetness of her cunt even before I slid my bare cock inside of her. I knew I should have used a condom. I didn't know where Jamie had been but at the moment I knew she would never know that I had fucked her and I was willing to take the risk. I knew I didn't have any diseases. I had only had sex with one other person. This was my second pussy and I was moving my cock slowly, in and out of my best friend as my other best friend slept peacefully nearby.

I tried not to fuck her too hard or too fast. I didn't want Jason waking up and seeing me raping our best friend. I realized at that moment what I was actually doing to Jamie. It hadn't seemed so bad when it was just an idea in my mind but now that I was actually doing it I felt weird about it. I felt like this was the worst choice I had ever made and I wished I hadn't have done it. It was too late. I was already pumping in and out of her pussy. I was already about to cum.

I let go, allowing Jamie's perfect pussy to swallow my cock until it had pulled out every last drop of cum from my cock. I emptied myself into my best friend, allowing the feelings of satisfaction to fill me. I looked down at her, her mouth agape, her light snoring filling the empty silence in my soul. What I had just done was wrong. My cock was still inside of her, now going limp. I pulled my cock out of her and grabbed my phone, taking some pictures of the way my cum dripped from her nasty, little cunt.

"What the fuck is going on?" Jason had rolled over and he was looking straight at Jamie's pussy.

"Nothing," I assured him. "Go back to sleep."

"Why is there cum in her pussy?" Jason sat up abruptly. "Bro, there better be a good explanation for this. What the fuck are you doing?"

I tucked my cock back into my boxers and sighed. I hadn't been expecting Jason to wake up but now that he was awake he had seen too much. I needed to bring him in on the plan so he was just as guilty as me. That was my only chance at not getting in trouble at this point. I panicked, not sure what to do.

"She drank too much and she was begging me to fuck her in her sleep. So I fucked her."

"That doesn't sound like the Jamie I know."

"I know, that's why I did it. I didn't know if I would get another chance. Want to help me. She's really passed out, though. It's a little weird."

"She wants us to fuck her?" Jason asked, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.

"Yeah. She was super horny when she went to sleep."

"I don't know, man. I don't want to get in trouble."

"You won't." My cock was already getting hard again at the thought of fucking Jamie again. I also liked the thought of Jason fucking her too. "Want to go now or should I go again?"

"Go ahead," he told me and so I stuck my growing cock back in Jamie's pussy. I fucked her slowly as Jason watched. I knew his cock was getting hard but I didn't dare look at it. I didn't want Jason to think I was into guys. I wasn't. What I was into were sluts. I realized it now. I liked the thought of a girl being so horny that she couldn't control herself. I liked the thought that Jamie was a slut and she would fuck anyone or anything. She wanted me in that scenario and that made me happy.

"Take her mouth," I encouraged Jason. I could tell he wanted to do it but he was having a moral conflict. I kept pumping away at her pussy and at some point, Jason actually pushed his cock into her sleeping mouth. She started to suck on his cock as if she was awake and I became alarmed. What if she was really awake and she was pretending to be asleep? I wasn't sure if women could suck cock that well while asleep.

"Wow, her pussy feels so good!" I exclaimed.

"Her mouth too!" We spitroasted Jamie for what felt like an eternity before she began to stir. I didn't notice right away and by the time I looked up at her, her eyes were open and she was watching us rape her.

"You okay, Jamie?" I asked her, trying my best to act like she had given us consent to fuck her in her sleep. She pulled her mouth off of Jason's cock to answer.

"What's going on?" she asked.

"We're all having sex, just like you wanted."

"I didn't want this."

"That's not what you said earlier but we can stop if you want," I tried my best to sound like the nice guy that Jamie knew and loved but my cock was still fucking her hard and I looked down at her. She was unable to answer my questions, cumming too hard to have anything to say at all. She screamed, writhing and twisting her body sideways in response to the strokes of my cock inside of her. Nothing was sexier than seeing her really respond to my cock. Nothing was a bigger turn on that knowing that she was enjoying this twisted scenario I had set up for her. Maybe Jamie was really the girl of my dreams.

"I don't want to stop," she said agreeably. "Keep fucking me. Keep fucking my face!" She grabbed Jason's cock and guided it back to her mouth. We fucked her hard, using her holes in ways that friends shouldn't. We didn't care. If she was going to let us do this to her, then we were going to do it.

"Why don't you get on your hands and knees," I suggested and she pulled her pussy and mouth from our cocks and got into position. I let Jason take her pussy and I took her mouth.

"Taste yourself, Jamie. This cock was just inside your pussy." 

"Mmmm," she made noises of contentment as she sucked on my cock. Her blowjob skills were amazing! I couldn't believe that she was so sexy and slutty. She was everything I had ever wanted in a woman and my cock was so far down her throat that I was actually concerned that she didn't have any gag reflex at all.

"You're so sexy," I praised her as she sucked the second load of the night from my cock. I moaned as she drained me, looking up to see Jason's face change as I came. I could tell that he was close to cumming. Jamie still had my cock in her mouth but I could see that she was swallowing my cum. She was so much sluttier than I had ever imagined. I felt so content and I watched Jason pounding her pussy from behind.

She was loving it and my cock dropped out of her mouth as she concentrated on accepting the pleasure Jason was giving her. I grabbed my phone and started taking some pictures of her getting pounded by Jason. I kept their faces out of the videos I took, knowing that I would jack off and cum to these videos for the rest of my life. This was by far the hottest sexual experience I had ever had.

"I'm cumming Jamie!" Jason screamed.

"Cum in my pussy!" she screamed and I couldn't believe that shit. I had cum in her pussy but I thought I was doing it against her will. It had never occurred to me that Jamie might actually enjoy a creampie. She wasn't like all the other girls I knew and I wondered why it had taken me this long to notice that fact. She was sluttier than any of the girls I'd known or talked to. I couldn't believe that Jamie was a slut and that she'd been right under our noses this whole time. I had been searching for a slut like Jamie since I had known what sex was.

Jason gave a mighty roar as he dumped his load in her. I watched her eyes as they rolled back into her head. I watched her body shudder with acceptance of Jason's cum up inside of her. I watched her smile her twisted, little slut smile when she had completely drained him.

"That was hot!" I praised them both. They were both my best friends in the world but now things were different. There was a new dynamic in our household, one that I am certain most men would kill for. From that point on, Jamie became our little sex toy. She was happy to be that for us. Jamie was indeed the biggest slut Jason and I had ever met and she also happened to be one of our best friends. Though we fucked the shit out of her almost every night, a lightness remained in our friendship. Jamie remained our roommate for many years to cum, all of them filled with threesomes. The day she moved out was one of the saddest for Jason and me but all good things do eventually come to an end.

I never did tell her or Jason about the Ambien.