 My wife Elaine and I have been enjoying life with the kids out of the house but recently began enjoying it even more. Elaine is a sexy 47 years old 5-11 tall and 200 well distributed pounds, a generous 44DD chest and a big firm butt. I'm still in shape to handle my wife, at 48, 6 feet tall and 205 pounds.

A number of friends of our kids know they can come over and use the pool just so we know they're coming and there's nobody doing anything dangerous and they all respect that. So one Saturday Lance called and asked if he could come over and we said sure. 

Lance is a big strapping young man 6-3 tall with a blond crew cut and 245 muscled pounds that Elaine and I both enjoy the fantasy of. You see before the kids came along we were pretty wild, threesomes and more and we both went both ways. In the past twenty years we probably only indulged ourselves a couple of dozen times on grown ups only vacations, somehow responsibilities come along and change things.

After Lance walked through the kitchen out to the pool Elaine said, "Fuck. That young man in a Speedo is a sight to behold and between my legs is where I would like to be holding him. Would you look at the bulge he's packing, that would be a pony to saddle up and ride hard."

As we watched Lance walk to the pool through the window I hugged my wife from behind pushing her against the counter bumping into her big butt and said, "He is one fine looking young piece of beef Honey. I'm sure he gets plenty of action I just don't know that he's got a thing for such a seasoned couple." 

Elaine and I joined Lance him about 15 minutes later Elaine was in a floating chair at the shallow end while Lance and I were toward the deep end with me about shoulder deep. 

"Elaine is a beautiful woman Sam, you're lucky." said Lance.

"True enough Lance, she would be flattered that a good looking young man notices" I replied

"Oh I appreciate the beauty of a more mature woman. And don't think you're not a handsome man yourself Sam." said Lance

I was behind Lance and as we talked began to rub his broad shoulders. When he said, "I go both ways Sam, if you and Elaine want to get it on." 

Well that was a shock but not an unwelcome one so I put my arms around Lance's massive chest and said, "Elaine was saying that very thing when you were walking out to the pool earlier." 

I could feel that Lance was very relaxed in my arms so I slid my hands down past his firm stomach to his Speedos and reached down to find something that filled both my hands. Slipping the waistband down I freed one seriously big dick from his suit, I couldn't see it from behind Lance but it throbbed in my hands and I needed two hands. 

I could see Elaine but she had her back to us and was paying no attention to what we wee doing. Lance turned to face me, I put my arms around his neck and he leaned forward to kiss me. Our tongues danced in each other's mouth, Lance put his arms around me and cupped my ass with both meaty mitts. 

Being in deep water helped some but Lance actually lifted me off my feet as we kissed while pulling me tighter against his body, his huge cock pressed against my own boner in my trunks. I could only think, this was going to be one hell of a good time. 

Lance was squeezing my ass and holding me tight to his big body up off the pool floor as we continued to kiss. I wondered if Elaine could see us and would know what was going to happen or if anyone else could see me in the arms of this big young stud kissing but really didn't care at that point. It was almost disappointing when Lance set me back down. 

I reached down for his big dick as our lips parted and said, "Let's go see what Elaine thinks of this development." He got my meaning, smiled and with Lance in front of me we walked over to my wife, me getting a feel of Lance's beefy butt on the way.

We approached Elaine relaxing on her floating chair "Honey, Lance has something he'd like to share with you, well us." 

I was standing behind Lance and moved him forward so he was touching Elaine's chair. I took my wife's left hand and led it below the water level to where my right was holding Lance's hard on and put it around the shaft. 

Elaine's eyes got wide as she smiled and said, "Good god Lance let's not waste any time, get in the house so we can put that man spike to work." 

After Lance secured his manhood we scrambled out of the pool and into the house making a beeline for the bedroom. I helped Elaine out of her swimsuit while she worked to remove Lance's Speedo and we both got our first look at his magnificent 12 inch cock, damn what a sight. 

Elaine took Lance by his big dick and led him to the bed where she sat down and went down, on Lance. I moved behind Lance and putting my arms around his body felt up his thick solid body. Lance got a little weak in the knees, Elaine has a talent for giving head, but he recovered quickly and enjoyed himself. So did I, grinding my stiffening cock against his beefy ass while hugging him around his chest. 

Finally Lance tensed in my grasp, Elaine had gotten the job done and Lance shot his load. As Elaine sat back to admire her work I reached around to take Lance's balls in my hand, and they are a handful alright. Elaine said, "Honey come on over here and sit down." 

Taking my wife's hand I came around Lance and sat up against the headboard. Elaine then directed Lance to climb up between my legs to get into position. Lance was lying on his stomach between my legs sucking my dick as I sat back against the headboard while Elaine sat on top of him massaging his back and shoulders. At one point Elaine grabbed a tube of lubricant and spun around facing Lance's feet and began probing his back door. 

After a few minutes she spun around again and kissing the back of Lance's neck said, "OK big boy let me get under that buzz saw and let's have Sam give you a ride in the back seat." 

Lance picked his head up and looking at me said, "Sounds good to me, you're sure up for a ride" as he rubbed his cheek against the head of my cock. I crawled out from under Lance and grabbed a condom as he got up on his hands and knees, Elaine wasted no time sliding under to take my place. I climbed on the bed behind Lance and paused looking at the young man's well developed and wide backside. 

I first took a minute or so to finger Lance's butt hole just to make sure he was ready, and because it felt good, then spread his cheeks and took aim. I easily slipped the head of my cock into Lance's ass and rubbed his broad strong back as I pushed in. And man it felt soooo good. 

I paused my motion several times to reach around to stroke Lance's thick cock, not just being polite but damn it was fun and it was going to get back in action soon enough. I was pumping every bit of my nine inches in and out of Lance's ass and I think it was even on both sides of the enjoyment scale. 

Sensing I was ready to cum I let Lance's man meat, which was at full mast, go, held his hips, pushed in to the balls and shot my load. It was an incredibly feeling pounding that fine big young butt. I needed a minute to catch my breath and just hugged Lance from behind which about when Elaine looked up at us and said, "OK now you boys change positions and I'll grease you up Sam and you can catch while Lance pitches." 

It was Lance's turn to roll off the bed, grab a condom get ready to stuff my ass. After Elaine greased up my asshole she got back down in front of me as I settled myself on my hands and knees while I waited to get porked with the biggest cock I'd ever taken.

I kissed the inside of both of Elaine's thighs before going down on her just as Lance gently poked the big head of his cock in my ass. I had to catch my breath but quickly relaxed as he pushed slowly in. As he worked about three inches in and out he leaned over my back and said, "If you have any kind of problem and you want me to stop Sam just say 'stop' OK?" I just nodded unable to spend energy speaking as I lapped away at my wife's pussy. Lance then continued his motion going a little deeper on every stroke. 

Before long I was feeling well stuffed Elaine was rubbing my back and enjoying the show. Lance had a firm grip on my hips and was going slow but pushing more of his monster cock up my ass until I felt his belly begin to bump my ass and even in my dizzied state I realized that meant I was taking the full 12 inches up my ass. I was surprised at that as well as that Lance was able to hold back cumming for as long as he had been banging my butt.

Finally Lance pushed his cock all the way in me and hugged me around the waist just about lifting me off the bed as he came. It was such an intense feeling a massive cock stuffed up my ass, held in the arms of a huge young man that I had just fucked up the ass while being massaged by my wife, my head was swimming. 

When Lance pulled out I pitched forward flat on my face completely spent and out of gas. Elaine came over and asked, "Are you OK dear?" I sort of mumbled a response and she said, "You're fine. I'm going to take Lance into the shower, we'll freshen up and I'll have some fun." I just laid there as they left.

It must have been at least a half hour when I sat up and shortly thereafter Elaine and Lance returned all clean. They helped me to my feet and Elaine said, "I filled the tub for you Sam a warm bath will do wonders for you. When you're ready to get back in action we'll be ready for you." 

Then they led me to the bathroom. With me in the tub Lance returned to the bedroom. As Elaine kissed me she said, "Stroked that baby hard under the shower and he fucked me from behind standing up when we were toweling off then I swallowed the load. That young buck gets it up non stop, THE best present you ever gave me Sam." 

After a warm refreshing bath I came out of the bathroom to an incredible sight. My wife was standing on the bed facing Lance who had his back to me. Elaine put her arms around Lance's neck then after he slipped his cock into her pussy she put one leg around his back. Lance then reached around putting both hands under Elaine's ass she put her other leg around Lance's body. Once Lance steadied himself he began bouncing Elaine in his arms. Elaine held on tightly with her arms and legs with Lance's cock firmly planted deep in her pussy as he lifted her by the ass. 

It was an awesome fuck to say the least and quite an impressive display. Elaine at 200 pounds is no perky cheerleader and Lance was able to pump her pussy holding her up and bounce her good, with some effort true but he was doing it. I went over and just massaged Lance's sides and back letting his ass slide between my hands as he flexed his legs, Elaine had her eyes closed and was hugging Lance tightly lost in the manhandling fuck she was getting. 

Lance lowered Elaine onto the bed and for the first time she looked like she needed a rest. Lance looked a bit flushed as he turned to me and noticed that their show had the predictable effect on me, I was good and hard. He reached down to stroke my dick and said, "Give me a minute to catch my breath before I enjoy this." 

I nodded and reached down with both hands to play with Lance's big balls, they're a real treat to juggle. Not to mention that big dick of his which even soft hangs down and makes for a fun toy. 

Finally Lance was ready and had me sit down on the bed. He knelt between my legs, putting them over his broad shoulders and took the head of my cock in his mouth. I have to say Lance is more than a triple threat. He can fuck pussy or ass with that big cock, takes every inch of my dick up the ass and loves it and man he can suck cock with a passion.

Lance was a master, sucking hard on my cock, tickling my balls and enjoying himself in the process. Leaning back on my elbows with my eyes closed I was just lost in the pleasure of the moment when I heard something and looked behind Lance.

That's when I saw Elaine approach us wearing her 10 inch strap on, "You take your time on Sam I'll get started back here. Ever gotten it from a girl Lance?"

Lance let my dick slip from his lips for a second and said, "No Elaine only boy action riding my rump. You'll be the first woman to bang this booty." 

Elaine rubbed Lance's ass and sides saying, "Well I've ridden guys before but you'll be the biggest horse I've mounted. So raise your tail stallion, I'm ready to ride the big boy butt." 

As Elaine greased up Lance's butt he took another breath and said, "Saddle up and ride hard Elaine I'm ready to take everything you can dish out."

Elaine slapped Lance's big butt and said, "Take a deep breath Lance because here we go."

And with that Elaine poked the business end of her strap on into Lance's back door. Lance was up to the challenge even if he did have to pause his efforts sucking on my dick for a few seconds at first. My wife wasted no time pumping her ten incher in, inch by inch with a firm grasp on Lance's wide hips. 

I think Elaine was enjoying herself as much as Lance, the look on her face was one of pure pleasure as she stuffed that dong up the big young stud's butt. By the time Elaine as putting all 10 inches deep in Lance's ass he had gotten the job done on my end and I shot my load. 

Lance rested his head on my thigh as Elaine continued to fuck his ass, I reached up to rub his shoulders and neck. Finally Elaine started to slow down before pulling out and resting on her knees.

At that point young Lance had pretty much worn my wife and I out. I got off the bed and suggested we get some refreshments. Lance said, "I hate to be rude and like fuck and run but I think I better get going."

Elaine said, "That's alright Lance we hadn't exactly planned to spend the afternoon occupied quite like this. You sure you're OK to drive?"

"I think I'm good." answered Lance.

"You're better than good big boy." replied my wife.

So Lance departed and we agreed we would have to get together again sometime in the future. Elaine and I then took a well needed nap.