 I appreciate all the feedback. That's exactly what a new author needs. This represents the second of three installments. Let me know if you want to hear the rest.

I slept like a baby. I woke up later than usual and headed downstairs for breakfast. As I got to the kitchen, I was happy to see all of us up at the same time. My wife seemed a little under the weather, which I attributed to a hang over as well as being woken up in the middle of the night by a horny husband.

Heather was her usual chipper self, and our two houseguests were acting normal as ever. The discussion when I walked in seem to center around Christmas shopping once again. I said I really wanted to go, having missed out on all the fun the day before (which earned me a quizzical look from Gabbi). Then, Heather and Patty brought up that I couldn't go with them because they were going shopping for my present that day. Thankfully, Amanda suggested that she and Gabbi accompany me, so I could buy something for Patty and Heather, said suggestion earning her a resounding "yes" from everyone at the table.

After the dishes were done and everything put away, everyone headed for the showers and agreed to meet downstairs in an hour.

I let my wife shower first, and by the time I was showered shaved and dressed and made my way downstairs, I found Gabbi and Amanda ready to go. I donned my winter wear, and we made our way to the car. As we headed out, and with Gabbi next to me in the front seat, she started in on me.

"Soooo, you missed out on all the fun yesterday, huh?"

"You know what I meant. All you girls went out, spent a lot of money, and then went to happy hour and dinner and poor old me was stuck at home all alone."

"Ohhhhh, poor baby. All alone in that big old house."

"That's right, poor me."

"Well, what do you say if we make it up to you today?"

"What do you propose?"

"Well, Amanda and I were talking before we left, and honestly, we don't feel like going shopping anymore. We've been to every mall within 50 miles of this place, we've been to every dreadful store there is, we've bought presents for everybody, and we're just basically fed up with shopping, aren't we Manda?"

To which Amanda finally chimed in, "Yeah, we are kind of shopped-out Mike. I can call you Mike, can't I?"

"Of course"

"OK, so Gabbi and I thought maybe we could have a play day today, what do you say?"

"Play day???"

"Yeah, play day, you know like when you were a kid."

"I'm not getting this at all girls."

"Don't worry, we'll explain as we go along. First off, remember that restaurant you took us to the night we got in from college, something Italian I think?"

"Yeah...?"

"Take us there"

"Sweetheart, it's only 11:30. It's a little early for lunch don't you think?"

"Lunch is the last thing on my mind, trust me."

And I decided to just go with the flow. I drove twenty minutes in pretty bad traffic but finally made it to the restaurant. After I parked the car and we got out, I saw that the girls were heading to a store two doors down from the restaurant...called "EROS". Very tasteful sign, very upscale looking storefront. As I walked in, I was pleasantly surprised to see a stunning sex shop. Everything from lingerie to sex toys, to sex games, etc. etc. How these girls picked up on this place was beyond me, but I was thrilled.

A very elegant young lady tended to them while I looked around and took in my surroundings.

After about fifteen minutes, Amanda called over and said we were done, and to pay the bill, which turned to be a little less that $100.

They grabbed the shopping bag and off we went to the car.

"I thought you two were tired of shopping?"

"Welllll, those were our toys for our play date, don't you want to play with us?"

"Absolutely."

"Good, now take us to the Hyatt Regency."

"What for???"

"Mike, do you want to play or not?"

I floored the accelerator and made it to the hotel in less than fifteen minutes.

The girls said to give the car to the valet, and in we went.

"Now go check in, you have a reservation"

"What???"

"Go on silly, we'll wait over by the elevators."

Indeed, I apparently had reserved a junior sweet with a king size bed. The clerk looked at me kind of strangely considering I had no luggage, no briefcase, nothing, but off I went.

Up to the 21st floor and into the room with these two gorgeous women. The room was nice with a great view of the city. As soon as we closed the door behind us, Amanda kicked her shoes off and threw herself on the bed. Gabbi took a look out the window and then closed the curtains, darkening the room completely.

Amanda turned on the lamp next to the bed and got the room service menu out.

I was still a little perplexed.

"So what do you think Mike?" asked Amanda.

"What do I think about what?"

"Look, here we can play all day. I've been so horny all semester; I've been climbing the walls. Gabbi here has helped me out, but trust me when I tell you there's nothing like the real thing. After last night, I told Gabbi all I wanted to do was fuck all day long, and we got this great idea. Here, we don't have to worry about anyone walking in on us, I can scream as loud as I want, Gabbi is a spurter you know? When she cums she spurts out cum juice....if we do that on your bed or downstairs on the couch, we leave a mess. That's why this is awesome."

"Spurter??? You mean you didn't cum last night?"

"God Amanda, you're SUCH a big mouth! NO, I mean YES, of course I came, and it was awesome, its just that sometimes, I have really weird orgasms, and it's like I pee all over myself, but it's not pee, know what I mean?"

"Not really, but I've heard of it. Something like female ejaculators, right?"

"That sounds like I'm some type of freak or something, but yes, I actually ejaculate sometimes just like men, except it's not that thick, it's really liquidy-like."

"Uh huh, and you Amanda, you don't have orgasms like that?"

"I wish, you have no idea how awesome it looks when she's cumming like that, but try and try as I may, I haven't hit that spot before."

"What spot?"

"THE spot"

"Tell me about it."

"Tell him Gabbi, while I order us lunch"

Gabbi than went on to explain that virginity is a highly cherished virtue in Brazilian culture. I thought the exact opposite, saying out loud that I thought Brazilians exuded sexuality, and then Gabbi explained that they are very sexual, but that many many girls still want to get married a virgin. Consequently, they do everything with their boyfriends except penal vaginal intercourse.

So I asked her why she allowed me to have sex with her the night before, and she said that as she matured (this coming from a 19 year old), she realized that the concept of virginity was really over rated and hypocritical. As she explored her sexuality, and became more and more comfortable with it, she realized it was simply a part of human nature. Yes, undoubtedly there are romantic and sentimental elements which at times come into play, but those are just the icing on the cake. She concluded that sex is sex by sharing with me that sometimes she awoke all horny and wet, and didn't have a boyfriend, or a lover, or any love interest for that matter. And that all she wants is to cum. She masturbates herself and is completely relieved.

She had her first orgasm at 14 in the shower, and then became more and more addicted to it as she gained expertise. Eventually leading to placing a bunched up towel length-wise on her bed and rubbing her clitoris against it. Eventually, she proceeded to sleeping with a pillow between her legs. By the time she got her first boyfriend, she already knew exactly what an orgasm was, and her boyfriend had no idea how to give her one. At 16 she lost her anal cherry to a local boy, but again, nothing in the orgasm department. Finally, her last semester in high school she got a new neighbor next door who was a lot older than her. One thing led to another, and he eventually was the one who devirginzed her.

"Was he the one who made you spurt?"

"No, that was Amanda."

"How so?"

"Well, as you know we became roommates at college. When she was unpacking, she put this weird wand on top of her desk and left it there while she unpacked other things. I glanced at it and asked her what it was and she said it was a g-spot stimulator. Trust me when I tell you I had not idea what THAT was, so I just "ohh" and went on with my day." 

"I don't know if you know or not but your daughter Heather is the biggest prude in the world, she doesn't drink too much, she doesn't smoke, she doesn't do drugs, she doesn't have sex, I mean I love her and everything, but she's just like a saint, you know?"

"So seeing as how I spent that semester at your house with her, and she never even suggested that she "got off", I played it cool, thinking I was the perverted nympho. So when I moved to college, I assumed Amanda here was exactly the same as Heather, HAH!"

With that, Amanda shouted at her, "What do you mean "HAH"??? You little whore."

Gabbi continued, "so then one night Amanda had just left on a date supposedly, and I started playing with myself, you know. I hadn't had a good orgasm like in a week, and I was desperate."

"Right as I was about to cum, BOOM, she blasts into the room and slams the door behind her, and there I am on the bed, with my hand diddling my clit and the other one pulling on my nipples. PLUS, I'm on top of the bed spread, so I can't even cover myself up, I'm just like, "what the hell are you doing here??""

"Wait wait wait," Amanda interrupted, "let me tell it from here. So I walk in on this little girl who I thought was a nun, and find her naked on her bed jacking off like it's the last orgasm in the world, and completely cut her off. I felt so bad for her, you know? So of course I'm embarrassed, I know she's embarrassed, I mean, talk about uncomfortable, right? So I do the right thing, apologize, and tell her to go on."

"And I'm like WHAT????" interrupts Gabbi. "What do you mean GO ON?" Do you have any idea how embarrassed I was, like the last thing on my mind is getting off right then in front of her, you know?"

"So ANYWAY," continues Amanda, "I'm like, go on, I do it all the time, and in fact, just to make up for the interruption, I'll let you use my toy, and I went to my desk and threw her my wand."

The girls went on to explain, that Gabbi didn't have the slightest idea what the "wand" was for, so, Amanda helped her out.

"I'm like, here, let's turn the lights off again, let's get the candles going, and let me get more comfortable." Amanda continued. "I stripped down to just my panties and walked over to the TV and put an awesome DVD that I burned down in Costa Rica, of me and my best friend, on a "play date".

Then Gabbi chimed in, "And it was pretty freaky. Here these girls show up on screen in their school uniforms, and start acting out to everything this deep voice is saying from behind the camera."

"What are professors for, hah Mike?" said Amanda with a wink.

"ANYWAY, these two girls walk into the bedroom, and start caressing each other, and kissing, and within a few minutes, they start taking each other's clothes off and sucking on each others nipples, and giving each other oral sex, and they are both beautiful!"

"Thank you" says Amanda.

"It's true, you're gorgeous, and Ana, wow!" says Gabbi. "You know Mr. Grayson, girls are just beautiful. No hair, beautiful curves, delicious boobs, firm ass, I mean, honestly, they're much prettier than boys."

"So I'm looking at the video, and I'm starting to get excited, turned-on, you know, and Amanda, the little hussie, who was standing watching the screen, comes over and lies next to me on the bed, and I don't say anything, but inside I'm like, what's she doing?"

"So anyway, the scene gets really hot with Ana placing a vibrator on Amanda's clit, and she just starts going off, and Mr. Grayson, I swear I could feel juices on my lips dripping down to me butt. It was SO hot, and a split second later, I felt Amanda's hand on my breast, slightly tweaking my nipple while she massaged the other one."

"Long story short Mr. Grayson, when I was almost at the point of cumming, Amanda introduced the wand into me, and it felt really really weird, to the point of uncomfortable, and I asked her to pull it out, that I didn't like it. But she said to be patient, and if I didn't like it in ten minutes, she would pull it out, but that she guaranteed me I would love it."

"A few minutes later, I start feeling really really funny, like I have to pee, and tell Manda I gotta go, but she insists on going on. Now, I'm getting to the point where I'm about to burst, and BOOM, all of a sudden, out of nowhere, I shoot a stream of liquid like three feet into the air, and I'm like WHAT???? But I can't stop it because I'm orgasming, so I'm seeing myself pee, but I'm having the most intense orgasm I've ever had in my life! Understand? It's like, unexplainable."

"Of course, I knew it wasn't pee. My professor's wife, the guy behind the camera remember? She did the same thing once we were together," explained Amanda.

And that was the story of the wand. We were finishing up our lunch, and Amanda excused herself to go to the bathroom while I carted out the room service tray and whatnot. Eventually, Amanda came out wearing just a short hotel robe and I assumed nothing underneath and she then sent Gabbi to brush her teeth and get "more comfy". She re-positioned the pillows, and turned the TV on and selected adult pay-per-view movies.

She and Gabbi eventually agreed on one, and they both laid down on their stomachs with their heads at the foot of the bed and patted the middle of the bed signaling me to lay there, which I did with a pillow up against the headboard. The movie started and as you can imagine, those films have absolutely no plot. It's really just one sex scene after another.

About half an hour into the movie, I started noticing certain signs of arousal. Gabbi was slowly grinding her hips against the bed and Amanda had moved her legs towards me and was rubbing them up and down mine.

Moments later, Amanda got up and went to the bag we had gotten at the shop and brought it back to the night table next to her. She took a bunch of stuff out, plugged something in, and then she shed her robe as she leaned back on the bed, now totally naked. Amanda then winked at me, raised her finger to her lips and said, "shhhh".

She then took this elongated corded massager, leaned over me, and slowly started rubbing it up and down Gabbi's leg and foot, each time venturing higher and higher till she had managed to raise Gabbi's short robe above her delicious ass. This continued for a good five or ten minutes and then Amanda signaled for me to work on the other leg. I took the humming device into my hand and got to the task at hand.

Amanda then surprised me by pouring baby oil out of a bottle and directly on to Gabbi's butt, legs and feet. While I massaged one leg with the massager she would knead the other and butt with her hands. With the on-screen action and the physical stimulation, Gabbi started getting into it, actually raising her rear off the bed each time Amanda would rub the oil in the crack of her ass and let her hands wander all the way down to Gabbi's hairless cunt.

As the massage intensified, Amanda guided my hand with the massager and placed the head of the massager firmly against Gabbi's lower lips. That elicited a guttural moan out of Gabbi.

However, as Gabbi raised her ass even more, Amanda then guided my hand with the humming device and basically had me massaging each engorged lip up and down, with a light pass over Gabbi's clit every now and then, and then trailing up backwards to that delectable ass cheeks, down the crack, over the wrinkled hole, and back down to the pussy.

Gabbi was going crazy, begging us to let her cum, but Amanda was an expert on guiding my hand away every time she sensed Gabbi was about to cum. When I finally got the hang of it, Amanda left me alone with massager and got another toy out her arsenal, this one being a pink 8-inch jelly-vibrating dildo in the perfect form of a dick. She turned it on, and then told me to use the massager on Gabbi's inner thighs and butt while she got to work on other areas.

Amanda then started rubbing the dildo length wise up and done Gabbi's crack, and then would turn it around and rub against her cunt (just on top). Gabbi loved it, trying to maneuver herself in a way that dildo would slip in, but Amanda was too sharp for that.

"Please, stop teasing, just put in me, I NEED to cum."

Nothing doing.

About five or six minutes later, Gabbi had had enough. She flipped herself over onto her back and yanked the robe off her, bring her knees up, and started playing with herself, but Amanda playfully smacked her hands away and continued guiding the slippery vibrating dildo up and down her cunt. Then, Amanda guided my hand with the massager and placed it lightly on Gabbi's clit, which got her moaning immediately and begging us not to tease her anymore. Right as Gabbi started convulsing, Amanda introduced the dildo into Gabbi's pussy, causing her to lock up, and scream.

Unbeknownst to me, this was just the beginning. As the first orgasm slammed through Gabbi, and as she was about to enter into her second, Amanda slipped a finger into Gabbi's ass, which immediately brought about her second, even more intense orgasm. The sight before me was incredible; Gabbi had a vibrating massager on her clit, a vibrating eight-inch dildo in her cunt, and Amanda's finger in her ass. Little Gabbi was writhing back and forth, bucking, moaning, groaning, and within another thirty seconds, as Amanda slipped a second finger into her ass, experienced another orgasm.

Amanda apparently decided that enough was enough, and withdrew her fingers and the dildo, and I turned off the massager, as Gabbi climbed downwards from her orgasmic bliss.

Amanda slipped out of bed, and went to wash herself and the toys up, while Gabbi and I snuggled. Amanda joined us soon afterward and our attention turned once again to the movie. Of course, I still had a raging hard on, and as all three of us settled in Gabbi started lightly fondling my cock, and eventually crawled down to my midsection and started orally playing with me. Before I knew it, Amanda got into it as well. 

There I was with my head on the pillows, with two gorgeous coeds alternately licking up and down my shaft. At one point, one would lick my pole and the other my nuts, and then together lick up and down the length of my cock. My dick had never had it so good. Amanda started deep throating, and boy she was good! As she was doing this, Gabbi got behind Amanda and started eating her out.

All these happenings had me at the point of no return, and seconds before I came, I tapped Amanda's soldier to let her know that either she stopped now, or she would be holding a mouthful of cum. Thankfully, she didn't stop, and as many of you know, there's nothing quite like cumming in a mouth as it's sucking you off.

She swallowed it all, and then lay down next to me.

The scene on the TV soon turned appropriately to two college roommates in their dorm room. As one started going down on the other, I mentioned to my "roommates" that I would like to see that live and in Technicolor.

"Say no more"

As they both leaned into each other, I made my way off the bed and sat close enough to enjoy a perfect view. They kissed softly while they fondled each other, and as the moments passed, the kisses became more and more passionate. Eventually, Gabbi guided Amanda down on the bed and she started kissing her way down south. Let me tell you guys, women do these things completely differently than us guys. I mean, they really savor each second, and each square inch of flesh. They explore and make love to the WHOLE body, taking their sweet little time. Plus, obviously with the practice each of them had had with each other, they knew when to be gentle, and when not.
