 Our young live-in lover, Tiffany, had come home last Wednesday night to find Sandy, my big and beautiful wife, and I DP'ing Maggie. Maggie had been the second woman Sandy and I had shared and been the one to let me fulfill my fantasy of fucking a woman in the ass. (Sandy has a chronic illness and her doctors had forbidden her from participating in anal sex.) It was Saturday and I was finally going to be able to talk to Tiffany one on one. I had finished eating a bowl of cereal when Tiffany walked into our kitchen. I allowed her to do the same before saying anything.

"Tiffany, do you remember us asking you to be honest with us?" I asked her.

"Yes." 

"I know you were hurt when you saw Sandy and me with Maggie. I meant what I said to you Wednesday night. Sandy and I do love you and don't want to see you hurt, but we need to be able to enjoy sharing other women when the chance arises. Are you going to be able to handle that?" 

The slightly overweight yet sexy younger woman sat beside me struggling not to cry. I placed my hands in hers and flinched when she squeezed them as hard as she could. She managed to look me in the eyes before she answered me.

"Sandy and I talked about what I saw Wednesday yesterday morning while you were at work." Tiffany said to me. "She told me almost the same thing you told me in my bed as you fucked me Wednesday night."

"No baby girl, that wasn't fucking. I made love to you that night." I interrupted her. "I had hoped that you would know the difference. We were in YOUR bed, Sandy didn't join us until we were finished, and it was completely different from when we fuck. Can you see the difference?"

"I can now." She answered me. "Can I ask you something?"

"You can ask me anything, baby girl." 

"Sandy told me that she always made the first contact with the women you share. Is that true?" Our inexperienced lover asked me.

"Yes, that's true. I don't know how much she told you, but our involvement with other women started with me telling her about my fantasies. She surprised me by getting turned on from hearing them. I told her if she set us up with another woman, I would be willing and able to take it as far as she was. If you remember it was her that approached you at the steakhouse the first night we saw you. Can I ask you something?"

"Yes, Mikoli." 

"Are you going to be alright with us taking Maggie on a date tonight and repeating Wednesday night with her? She will stay the night. Can you sleep in your bed tonight or do you need to stay away? It's your choice. You know you're free to see other people, don't you?" I inquired of her.

"I don't want to see other people! I can stay in my room. I'll put my head phones on so I can't hear her screams as she cums for you and Sandy."

Tiffany started to cry at that moment. I sprang up beside her and grabbed her into a bear hug. I felt like low-life slime for causing her pain while at the same time feeling a twinge of anger toward her. She knew how Sandy and I were before getting involved with us. I knew she would never ask us to stop our desire to share other women, but I felt like that was what she wanted.

Tiffany cried herself out against my chest so I lifted her face and kissed away her tears. I helped her to sit back down and moved my chair closer to hers.

"Mikoli, why haven't you and Sandy done to me what you were doing with Maggie?" Tiffany asked me with a whiny tone. "Don't you want to do that with me?"

"Yes Tiffany, I do want to do that with you! Sandy and I were going slow with you. We didn't want to overwhelm you with too many new things. Some women won't even think about having anal sex, some women will do it for their lovers, but don't enjoy it, and the rest enjoy it. Sandy can't have anal sex because of her doctors' orders. I promise we can try it with you if you want us to. If you don't enjoy it we will stop and never do it again." 

Tiffany smiled at me and jumped into my arms and I began kissing her and caressing her luscious body. 

"Will you take me to my bed, Mikoli?" 

"No, let's go wake up Sandy and I will make love to you in our bed while she kisses you and sucks on your tits, okay?" 

Sandy was already awake when Tiffany and I reached our bedroom. Tiffany and I helped each other take off the miniscule amounts of clothing we had on. Tiffany was already sopping wet in the valley between her legs. After we were on the bed, I pushed my engorged organ between her pink folds. Her vaginal walls were not as tight as they were when I first started fucking her, but she wasn't loose enough for me to slam myself into her in one stroke like Sandy was after twenty years of my fucking her. I remained upright so Sandy could kiss Tiffany while we made love. I stroked in and out of Tiffany's hot hole with long easy strokes for ten minutes. I began a fast furious pace when she begged me to. I began to spurt into her depths after another five minutes at that pace. Tiffany's screams of pleasure were muffled as Sandy continued to kiss her. I flopped down beside them when my shriveled penis fell out of Tiffany. Sandy lay on Tiffany's other side while we all three gasped for breath.

"Do we need to get you off, baby?" I asked my dear wife.

"No, I can wait until tonight, my love." 

"Okay, I love you both, but I need to clean up and run an errand." 

I took a shower and dressed for my errand. Both women asked if I wanted them to go with me. I told them no, it was something I needed to do alone. Sandy gave me a strange look, but didn't ask me any questions. I kissed Tiffany and Sandy walked me to the door.

"What are you up to Mikoli?" 

"I promise to tell you when I get back." I kissed her at the door and left.

I drove to the steakhouse where Tiffany worked. I knew the owner would be there at that time of day. We had graduated from high school and college together. I knew him in high school, but we hadn't associated with each other then. I was the nerdy kid that hung with my twin brother's friends and he was in the rich kids club. We became friends in college when I began tutoring him in math. 

(My twin had been held back a grade in elementary school. All of his friends were a year younger than us.)

"Steve, long time no see!" I yelled as I walked into his steakhouse. 

"Math Man, how did you get in?" Steve Blake asked me as he walked over to me and gave me a hug.

"I told that pimply faced kid at the door that if he didn't let me in he'd be washing dishes on Friday and Saturday nights until he couldn't take it anymore and quit." I answered my old friend and one of the richest men in our county.

Steve Blake owned "Danny's Steakhouse" one of the oldest restaurants in town. It was named after his grandfather, Daniel Blake who always went by Danny. Rumor had it he even refused to accept a humanitarian award given out by a local United Methodist Church until they replaced Daniel with Danny on the name plaque. Steve's father went to Harvard Law School after graduating from mine and Steve's alma mater. He had his own law firm in New York City. Blake was the first name in the firm's title and it wasn't because it came first in the alphabet. Steve had been groomed to take over his grandfather's large real estate portfolio since junior high. The threat of losing out on all that wealth and power because he flunked out of college his freshman year had motivated Steve into concentrating on studying instead of partying and pussy. When he needed a math tutor and saw my name on the list, he called me. We became good friends. He was smarter than he acted and really worked on his degree after his little scare.

"Knowing you the way I do, you meant every word of it too, you mean old bastard." Steve replied to me before he started laughing. "How's Sandy? I never figured out how you ended up with a goddess like her." 

"You're the one who had the goddess. Debra was in a whole different league than Sandy and you know it. The answer to your question is I treated Sandy like a person instead of like a set of tits and a pussy. You and Debra could have still been together if you could have forgiven her for doing the same thing you were doing. You were fucking almost every hostess and waitress that has worked in this steakhouse since you were fifteen years old. You didn't stop even after you married Debra. She had one affair and you threw her away. You and I have been friends for a long time, but I couldn't let you torch Debra like you wanted to. She knew how you were and let you have your fun. She loved you and you know it. You never did learn how to share your toys with others. Speaking of sharing, your new manager is moving in on your Debra clone if he hasn't already nailed her." I told my by now mad as hell old buddy.

Debra Blake (nee Elrod) was a 5'10" blonde sex bomb waiting to explode. She had 36D breasts, a waspish middle, and broad hips. Her ass was big yet firm. Every man who ever met her wanted to fuck her, me included. Steve always had a hostess or waitress who looked as close to Debra for a mistress as he could find after the divorce. I knew the blonde bitch named Cindy that Tiffany had mentioned Wednesday night must be his new plaything.

"Why do you say that?" 

"My friend Tiffany told me she had to go home Wednesday night so Cindy could stay and work when the new manager messed up the schedule and over staffed. She was upset because she had been working here longer. I know the policies unless they've changed since Sandy worked here." 

"Rumors around here are that chubby little waitress is more than your friend. If Sandy finds out it'll be your nuts she's waving a sharp knife in front of instead of mine." Steve said to me with a smirk.

"Her name is Tiffany. It's none of your business, but Sandy not only knows about me and Tiffany, she was the one that got her into OUR bed. I know I can trust you or I wouldn't have told you even that much. Sandy told me about you hitting on her. If it had been a couple of years earlier you would have gotten what you were after. Thanks for some of the hottest sex I got after Sandy's surgeries by the way. I always knew exactly when you put the moves on her. She would be so horny those nights, she would practically rape me. The only thing is it's not rape when the other person is willing. She wouldn't have threatened your nuts if you hadn't gone too far the night of the Christmas party. I wanted to beat the hell out of you myself that night. Instead I took Sandy out to your gazebo and fucked the shit out of her."

"What do you want Mikoli? Do you want me to fire him? You know I'm not going to fire her. Tell me what you want and it's done." Steve inquired of me.

"No, I don't want to see anyone get fired. If the policies are still the same, he needs to be reminded of them. If it happens again, then you can fire him. I would find out how far he's gone with Cindy if I were you. You might find out both of them need to go. I know you haven't changed your ideas on sharing your woman with another man." I said as I stood to leave. "Take care my friend. A word of advice though, Sandy's not as forgiving as I am. She will cut your nuts off if her play pretty gets hurt around here again. Know what I mean?"

"Yeah brother, I know what you mean! Take care of yourself. Give Sandy a kiss and squeeze those big titties of hers once for me." Steve said to me as he stood and we hugged again.

I went home after that. Tiffany was out running errands for Sandy. I could see Sandy had cried not too far in the past. I took her in my arms and rocked us back and forth.

"What's wrong, baby?" I asked my big, sexy wife.

"Tiffany is still upset about Wednesday afternoon. She wouldn't come right out and say it, but I know she doesn't want us to see Maggie tonight. I'm so confused. I don't want to hurt Tiffany, yet I don't want to disappoint Maggie either. I so much enjoy Maggie's body and the things you and I do to it. What are we going to do, Mikoli?" Sandy pouted at me.

"We're going to take Maggie to dinner and bring her back here and enjoy her for most of the night. Tiffany's going to have to learn to live with our proclivities if she wants to stay with us. I know I'm sounding like a cruel and heartless son of a bitch, but this is our life. If we choose to live it this way, that's our choice. I have had to live with the consequences of bad choices as have you. If Tiffany can't come to grips with how we are, she can leave. I love her and don't want to hurt her, but I love you more and I'll hurt any and everybody before I hurt you again. Speaking of proclivities, have you talked to Debra Blake lately?" I explained and questioned my by now smiling wife.

"Mikoli, you went to the steakhouse didn't you?" Sandy asked me with a school teacher's questioning tone in her voice.

"Yes I did! Steve told me to give you these!" I said as I bent and kissed her hard while squeezing each of her magnificent 40DD breasts. Sandy allowed me to kiss and grope her for a couple of minutes before pushing me away.

"Stop that! You need to save your strength for tonight! Besides you've already had a good fuck this morning." Sandy purred at me. "Why did you ask about Debra?"

"I've wanted to fuck her since Steve introduced her to me our senior year in college. I'm more of a gentleman than Steve is and never tried anything with her like he did with you. I knew they were going to be married as soon as I saw how she looked at him. I tried to warn her about him and his wandering cock. She told me she knew all about it and as long as he didn't embarrass her in public she could live with it. She swore to me she would never cheat on him, but we know how that turned out. I was wondering if she would be open to a threesome with us. You're the pussy hound in our relationship now, so I thought you might explore that avenue for us." I said with a stupid grin on my face.

Sandy stood in front of me with a look of shock and amazement both on her face. She joined me when I started laughing hysterically. We ended up on the floor in each other's arms from laughing so hard. Tiffany picked that moment to walk in the back door.

"What's so funny?" She inquired of us when we had quit laughing.

"Mikoli called me a pussy hound! He wants me to sniff out our next piece of ass to share!" Sandy answered our dumbstruck lover. Sandy was happy and carefree. Tiffany looked on the verge of tears.

I watched as Tiffany squared her shoulders and put a strained smile on her face. She turned to the groceries she had brought in and began putting them away. I was standing and waiting for her when she finished. I wrapped my arms around her and hugged her hard. Sandy joined me in hugging our young, inexperienced, and hurting lover.

"Tiffany, we do love you! We're sorry this is hurting you. We told you how we were before you started with us. We aren't going to change. My offer for you to leave at any time still stands. We'll miss you if you leave, but we'll survive. I know it sounds cruel, but you need to decide if you can handle Sandy and me sharing other women. If you can't we're going to keep hurting you. You know that, don't you?" I asked her as she cried against my chest. I could see Sandy crying silently as she hugged Tiffany. I couldn't stop myself and started crying with them.

Tiffany went to her room and lay down on the bed. Sandy and I retired to our bed. We kissed and snuggled for a bit. I dozed off with the woman I loved more than anything or anyone else in the world in my arms. I didn't even stir when Tiffany climbed onto the bed and pressed herself tightly against my back. I awoke two hours later with my tandem of big and beautiful females lying almost on top of me. I glanced at the clock and awoke Tiffany.

"What time do you have to be at work, baby girl?" I asked Tiffany when she was fully awake. 

"Why, what time is it?" She asked me. 

"Fifteen minutes till three." I replied in answer to her question. 

"Damn, I'm going to be late! I'm supposed to be at work at three thirty! Stan is going to fire me!" Tiffany yelled in a panic. 

"Calm down and go get ready for work. I assume Stan is the new manager at "Danny's", right? I will call and talk to him. You won't get fired, but you'll need to be on your toes around him after I make this call." I told her.

"Why, what are you going to do?" Tiffany asked.

"Threaten him with Friday and Saturday night dishwashing duties like I did some pimply faced kid this morning when I met with Steve." I answered her.

"You know??" Tiffany started to say. 

"No more questions! Go get ready for work!" I exclaimed as I swatted her on her ass.

"Hello, I need to talk to Stan." I said over the phone. "Stan, Tiffany is going to be a few minutes late getting to work."

"Tell her not to bother coming at all then." Stan bellowed over the phone.

"Stan, calm down and listen very carefully. If you hang up the phone on me, both I and Steve Blake will be down there in twenty minutes trying to crawl up your ass. DO YOU HEAR ME, STAN?!!!!" I yelled over the phone.

"Who is this?" Stan asked me. I could hear the fear in his voice.

"Stan, do you know the pimply faced kid that was cleaning in the front of the restaurant this morning?" I asked him in a calmer voice.

"Yes." Stan answered me. 

"After we get through, ask him who I am. Ask him what I threatened him with if he didn't let me in this morning. That will be what happens to you if Tiffany gets fired or comes home upset again because of you. While we're talking let me give you a piece of advice, stop sniffing around Steve's pussy if you haven't already gotten it. You'll never work in this county again if Steve Blake puts you on his shit list. I've known him a hell of a lot longer than you have. He doesn't like other people playing with things he considers his. You understand what I'm telling you, Stan?" I inquired of him over the phone.

"Yes, I understand. I will try not to upset Tiffany ever again." Stan answered me with some confidence coming back into his voice.

"Stan, don't give Tiffany any special favors either because of this phone call. Make her do her work and do it well. If she needs her ass chewed for poor work, chew it. I only want you to do your job and follow the policies of the restaurant, okay?" I said to Stan as I was winding down.

"Yes, sir. I will do my best." Stan answered me.

"Good that's all I ask, Stan." I told him before I hung up the phone.

Tiffany was fixing to run out the door. I motioned for her to stop.

"I talked to Stan. You don't need to rush. Your job is safe. Please drive carefully and get to work safe. Work harder than anybody else and everything'll be okay. Sandy and I don't need you killing yourself in a car wreck over a minimum wage job. Now give me a kiss and a big hug. I love you." I implored of her.

I leaned down and kissed her hard. I thought she was trying to break my ribs, she squeezed me so hard.

"I love you too and tell Sandy I love her. I promise to be careful." Tiffany said to me before she walked briskly to her car. I could only hope she heeded my warning. I was so relieved when she called and told Sandy she had made it to work. 

Sandy and I prepared for our date with Maggie. Sandy laid out my clothes for me. Sandy had gotten some dresses from her cousin who had gotten fatter since her divorce. They fit Sandy very well. She had selected a black dress that was very tight over her breasts. The bodice of the dress lifted and pushed her breasts forward. I don't know who she was trying to impress. She already had me and she knew she was going to get lucky with Maggie tonight. I told her to go bra-less, the dress was enough support, but she wouldn't. She put on a new bra and panties set Tiffany had begged me to get for Sandy the last time Tiffany and I were at the local mall without Sandy. Sandy had worn it once before when the three of us had gone on a date together. I think taking them off of Sandy turned Tiffany on more than the tongue lashing I gave her clit that night. Sandy was radiant and so excited before we left the house.
