 Cassie Stevens could barely recognize the woman in the mirror looking back at her. Not physically, but rather in the sense of not knowing exactly who this 42-year-old wife and mother had become.

She had been weak. Cheated on her husband, got caught and blackmailed, and cheated again. Now, not only was she in the midst of a full blown affair with her son's best friend, she had also become an almost completely submissive slut to the young man. He made her feel things, say things, and want things that she had never imagined possible.

Staring at the woman in the mirror, a part of her tried to convince herself that it was not really her. That she was not this submissive sexual deviant, full of sinful desires and a wanton need to be dominated and used.

But she knew that she was that woman.

Taking a deep breath, Cassie shut her eyes and refocused on the task at hand. Opening her eyes, she once again looked at the woman in the mirror. It was all her.

She looked good. Smiling, she started at the bottom and made her way up, admiring the sexy reflection before her. Black peep-toe pumps with four and a half inch heels; dark nylon stockings running thigh high; a black lace garter skirt covering a barely there thong; and a matching bra -- plunging and push up. Soft, layered blonde bouncy blonde curls fell onto her shoulders. Bright red lipstick polished off the look. She looked like a naughty pin-up girl.

Finally finished staring at herself, and quite certain her young lover would approve, she sauntered over to the bed and grabbed the final piece of her outfit -- a flirty little black v-neck dress. Slipping into the thin fabric of the garment, a tingle of anticipation shot through her body at the thought of what the evening might bring.

Gary had told her to meet him at a hotel about an hour away from her home. At first she was more than a little apprehensive about the possibility of being seen with him in public, but it had not taken him long to convince her that her fears were unwarranted and that the hotel was far enough away that no one they knew would ever be there. Relenting, she had agreed to rendezvous with him the next time her husband was out of town on business. The thought of spending an entire evening with her blackmailer-turned-lover had her mind, heart and libido racing for weeks.

Cassie arrived at the out-of-the-way hotel about twenty minutes earlier than he had instructed. She did not want to be late, and in her anxious state she had made the trip from home in a much shorter period of time than she had expected. Since he had made the arrangements for the room, she was to meet him in the lobby bar for a cocktail before they headed upstairs to begin their night of who-knows-what kind of sex.

She took a seat at a table in the corner and ordered a vodka martini. Nervously she glanced around the bar, praying to herself that she did not spot anyone she knew. Sipping her drink, she fidgeted anxiously as she awaited her lover's arrival. The small hotel bar had about 15-20 patrons that night, with about two-thirds of them being male. She passed the time by admiring a few of the men, even letting her dirty mind wander a bit and imagining herself in bed with a couple of them. Soon enough she caught herself and shook the wicked fantasies out of her head, shocked by how easily it was for her now to visualize herself fucking complete strangers after just a glance.

Finally, the one man she did not had to merely imagine making love to came into the bar. She could not help but smile and offer up a little wave as she made eye contact with him.

"Don't we look sexy tonight?" Gary complimented as he made his way to the table and slid into the chair beside her.

"Um, thanks." She replied quietly, not wanting to draw attention to them.

His hand quickly slipped down onto her thigh and his lips made their way to her neck.

"Gary!" She jumped at his touch, her nerves getting the best of her.

"Nervous are we?" He asked, pulling his face away from hers but his hand remaining on her upper leg.

"I just..." she hesitated, "let's just go up to the room."

"Now what fun would that be?" He replied with a sly grin.

Cassie's heart began to race. Both fear and excitement enveloped her immediately.

"What exactly did you have in mind?" She asked with a slight gulp, scared but aroused.

"Well, seeing how we know how much of a dirty slut you are," he began, smirking with the insult/compliment, "and seeing how you are the hottest piece of ass in this place, I thought we could play a little game."

Her heart rate stabilizing, she felt a tingle in between her legs as her anxiety began to fade away.

"A game?" She cooed. "What kind of game?"

"I wanna watch my little whore in action." Gary replied. "I wanna see how good this slut can flirt."

Immediately, she felt her pussy moisten as she recalled her earlier fantasies, though brief, of some of the men in the bar fucking her. She knew this was a dangerous little game they were about to play.

"I don't know..." she stared to protest, half-heartedly.

"Oh but I do." He interrupted sternly. "So why don't we start."

"Okay." She whispered - her submission beginning.

"Good." He smiled. "Now tell me slut, who should you flirt with tonight?"

"I don't know..." she replied sheepishly.

"Oh I bet you do." He countered. "A slut like you has probably already checked out the merchandise. Haven't you?"

Cassie blushed and turned her head away from him. She was both embarrassed and impressed that he could read her sexual impulses so well.

"You have, haven't you? You naughty little whore." He continued. "Were you in here undressing men with your eyes before I got here?"

"Maybe." She said with a half-smile, trying to battle the conflicting feelings within her.

"You little slut." Gary replied. "Tell me baby, were you picturing yourself fucking some of them?"

"Yes." She answered under her breath, her cunt on fire as she listened to his words.

"You are a very bad girl Cassie." He whispered in her ear. "A very bad slut."

"Yes." She nodded her head in agreement.

"Tell me what you are." He demanded.

"I'm a dirty slut." She replied, closing her eyes as she spoke. "I'm a cheating little whore."

"And what does my cheating little whore want?" He pushed.

"I wanna be bad." She answered. "I want you to watch me flirt like the teasing little slut I am, and then take me upstairs and fuck me all night long."

"That's a good little slut." Gary relied, his dominant smile seemingly permanently etched across his face. "Now I want you to walk over to the bar and show me what you've got."

Cassie opened her eyes and quickly scanned the men at the bar. She was tingling all over.

"Who?" She asked, her eyes never leaving the bar.

"The two guys to the left." He answered. "The one in the jeans smoking and drinking a beer with his buddy."

"Okay." She whispered.

"Go over there and ask them for a cigarette." He instructed.

"I don't smoke." She replied.

"You used to." He countered.

"I quit ages ago," she told him, "haven't had one in years"

"Well tonight you're going to," he replied with a smirk. "You do a lot of things now you haven't done in years, things you probably never thought you'd do, so one more won't matter."

"Okay." She agreed with a sigh.

Gary watched as she left the table and made her way over to the bar. The two men were probably in their early to mid-thirties, and he could see that they took an immediate interest in her when she sauntered up beside them. After about a minute of introductions he saw one of the guys pull out his pack of cigarettes and offer her one.

As Cassie took the cigarette and held it to her lips, her new friend pulled out his lighter, flicked it to life and held it in front of her. She half-closed her eyes and slightly parted her red, glossy lips around the cigarette. The warm smoke made her mouth tingle as she took a healthy pull as he lit it for her. Her lips tightened as she inhaled, a guilty feeling of forgotten pleasure washing over her as she filled her lungs. She pulled the cigarette away from her mouth and pursed her lips, an involuntary sigh slipping out as she exhaled a long stream of cascading smoke. Her nipples tingled and came to attention, and she almost immediately found herself returning the cigarette in between her lips and taking a second healthy drag, this time French inhaling and then exhaling slow and seductively, almost letting out a moan of satisfaction.

Smiling to himself, Gary watched as his submissive lover enjoyed her cigarette and flirted shamelessly with both of the men at the bar. She looked like a pro. Suggestive looks, the occasional touch of her hand against an arm, the way she curled the smoke from in between her lips. By the time she took a second cigarette and ordered a drink, he knew she was thoroughly enjoying their little game.

Enjoying it she was. As she spoke with the two men -- Rob and Kevin - she would take a healthy drag from her smoke and inhale it with enthusiasm. She would hold the cigarette up by her cheek and then cock her head back and blow a tight stream toward the ceiling in a very sexy pose. Occasionally she would lean in close to one of them, her hand resting on their arm and her chest slightly brushing up against them, and whisper something flirty to them.

Finally, after over twenty minutes of the show, Cassie excused herself, much to the disappointment of her two new fans, and made her way back over to the table. The grin on her face was large and mischievous.

"Well," Gary began as she slid in beside him, "did we enjoy ourselves?"

"Yes, we did." She replied with a wink.

"It certainly looked like you did." He said with a smile. "Did you like flirting while I watched?"

"Yes." She whispered softly.

"Did you feel naughty?" He asked.

"Mmm hmm." She breathed.

"Did it make you feel naughty to smoke again?" He continued.

"Oh yes," she answered, the taste of the cigarettes still fresh in her mouth. "Very naughty."

"Good." He replied. "And did it make you feel naughty to get those two guys all horny?"

"Mmm hmm." She confirmed.

"Did they want to fuck you Cassie?" He asked.

"Yes." She whispered.

"And did you want to fuck them?"

"Yes."

Gary's hand slid under the table and in between her thighs were it was greeted by her slick, wet crotch. He leaned in close and nuzzled his nose into her curls, his lips barely touching her ear.

"Tell me what you wanted." He whispered.

She squirmed at his touch, and his words, an orgasm was already building up within her.

"I wanted them to use me like a cheap slut?" She answered.

"Yeah?" He replied. "Did you want them to double team you? Both fuck you at the same time?"

"Yes..." she whispered.

"Tell me slut." He demanded.

"I wanted them to fuck me like the dirty slut I am." She groaned. "I wanted two dicks at the same time. One in my dirty pussy and one in my slutty mouth." 

"That's my girl." He said with a smile as he pulled out a hotel room key card from his pocket. "Now why don't you take your slutty ass upstairs to room 1303 and get ready while I pay the cheque?"

Cassie grinned widely as she nodded her head in agreement with her lover's suggestion. She could hardly wait to get back to the room and begin their fuck-fest. Quickly rising from the table, she began to step away when suddenly he reached out and took of hold of her arm, pulling her back down close to him.

"Not so fast." He said before drawing her in close to him and pressing his lips against hers.

Their tongues danced feverishly as Gary wrapped a hand around the back of her head, entangling his fingers within her blonde curls and tugging slightly as they kissed. Breaking their passionate lip-lock, he released his grip on her mane and looked her deep in the eyes.

"Now get upstairs whore." He commanded smugly. "I think you're gonna enjoy this."

___________________________________________________________________

Cassie was in the hotel room mere seconds and she was already starting to get undressed. Her heart raced with anticipation, her eagerness to begin yet another evening of hot-blooded, adulterous fucking overflowing and taking hold of her entire body.

Slipping off her flirty little dress, she could not help but smile to herself as the familiar surge of exhilaration that always came with her sexual rendezvous with her lover ignited within her. As much as she hated to admit it, every time she was with Gary she felt like a woman at least 10 years younger, albeit an extremely slutty one.

Her hands running over her body, she thought about how she could have never in a million years ever imagined herself in this situation, never mind enjoying it so thoroughly. As she ran her hands over the lacy fabric of her bra she tried to guess what her family and friends would think if they ever learned of this torrid affair she was having with her son's best friend. Even worse, she pondered what they would think if they ever found out how much of a slut she had become for the young man.

Somewhat to her surprise, the fear of being caught barely even registered in her mind. She had become so wrapped up in the passion and fervour of her taboo relationship that the consequences of her actions were not even a concern. Worse yet, even realizing how out of whack her moral compass had become did not even matter to her. All that seemed to matter to her was the pleasure she got from her illicit behaviour.

Cassie slid her half-naked body onto the bed and laid herself out in the center. Just thinking about what was to come, as well as how naughty her actions were, was enough to get her engine revving. She could not wait for her lover to get to the room so their romp could commence.

Unable to contain herself, she slipped her right hand down her body and underneath the thin fabric of her garter skirt and thong. Her pussy was already on fire, moist with anticipation and desire. She moaned softly as she dunked two fingers in slowly. Her left hand found its way to her chest, pulling down her bra and exposing her aching breasts. With her right hand rhythmically sliding in and out of her hungry cunt, her left hand went to work on her tits, alternately massaging her mounds and pinching her hardening nipples.

Groans of satisfaction escaped her lips as she pleasured herself. She felt wicked as she masturbated to the thought of Gary fucking the shit out of her. Just as invigorating for her mind was the constant thought of just how dirty all this behaviour made her. Deep down she knew that those thoughts were just as much of a turn on for her as the fantasies of the actual sex.

Both her hands worked robustly as she revelled in knowing that she was one extremely hot and horny slut. Cheating on her husband, having an affair with her son's friend, it made her a whore -- and she loved it. She knew she had come to a point where she was now fully embracing what she had become. He body tingled all over as she marvelled to herself at what an incredibly dirty sex fiend she had turned out to be.

Cassie pumped her hand in and out of her sopping snatch as she continued to delight in the depraved feelings that her conduct brought out in her. She truly loved whoring herself out to her young lover. The sluttier she was, the more she enjoyed herself. 

She could even admit to herself that she absolutely enjoyed the little game that she and Gary played this evening. Her pussy was on fire as he watched her flirt and tease the two men at the bar. She had felt so decadent and alluring when she taunted them mercilessly for the twisted pleasure of her and her lover. The whole ordeal had made her feel as sexy and alive as she had in ages. Even smoking a cigarette for the first time in years infused her with a vibrancy and joie de vivre that she had long forgotten.

As she lay on the bed masturbating, she squeezed her eyes shut and began to lose herself in the pleasure -- both physical and mental that she was bringing upon herself. So lost was she in her shameless self-gratification, that she barely even noticed the activity in the hotel room.

"Holy shit -- this is one hot fucking scene!"

Cassie's eyes shot open at the sound of the voice. She knew immediately that it was not Gary's.

"She is one horny little slut isn't she?"

Her mouth hung open as she stared in disbelief at the sight before her. Rob and Kevin, the two men she had so shamelessly flirted with earlier where standing just a few feet from the end of the bed. Suddenly she realized that her right hand was still stuffed in between her legs and her left one was pawing at her bosom. She quickly pulled her hand out of her dripping cunt and began to attempt to stuff her boobs back into her bra.

"Don't stop on our account." Rob said with a smile.

"What the fuck..." Cassie mumbled, still in shock. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" Her heart was racing.

"I think we're about to have one helluva good time!" Kevin answered with a chuckle.

Trembling with a twisted combination of fear and exhilaration, she watched in bewilderment as the two intruders swiftly removed their shirts and began kicking off their shoes and undoing their pants.

"Now wait just a minute!" She began to protest.

"Oh, don't you worry darlin'" Rob said as his pants fell to the floor. "You won't have to wait that long."

She could not believe what was happening -- or about to happen, and even more mind-blowing to her was the fact that she was getting more and more excited by the whole situation.

"What are you going to do?" She asked with a whisper, knowing full well what both their answer and her desire was.

"We're gonna give you exactly what you want honey." Kevin replied as he pulled down his boxers, exposing his already stiff cock. "We are gonna fuck you six ways from Sunday!"

Cassie's eyes widened with the statement. It was exactly the sentiment that she thought was coming, but hearing the words was still shocking. Most women would have yelled for help or cried out in objection, but not her. While she did not go so far as to invite them into bed with her right then, her silence, as well as the tingling in between her legs all but confirmed that she was going to be a willing participant in the events that were about to follow. Her sluttiness amazed even herself.

Slowly she rose up on the bed, kneeling on the left side as Rob strode over to her. Like his buddy, he too was now completely naked and clearly aroused by the situation. She did little to resist as he stood in front of her, placed his hands on either side of her face and pulled her towards him. His tongue darted into her mouth and she immediately sucked it in hungrily. The taste of beer and cigarettes was on his breath and it sent a shiver of excitement down her spine. She felt like a real whore.

The sinful lip-lock ending abruptly as he pulled her face away from his, much to her disappointment. He looked at her with a confident smirk.

"Tell us what you want Cassie." He instructed.

She could feel her cheeks flush with shame. They clearly knew what kind of woman she was, and now they were going to make her admit it to them.

"I, um..." she hesitated, trying not to look him in the eye.

Her pause did not sit well with Rob. His hands promptly moved from the sides of her face and around to the back of her head. She could not help but let out a low moan as his fingers entangled themselves in her curls and tugged firmly back.

"Tell us what you want slut." He demanded.

Her heart was beating so hard that she could swear the people in the next room must have been able to hear it.

"Fuck me." She whispered.

"What's that slut?" Rob asked, again pulling back on her blonde mane. "We didn't hear you."

"Fuck me! Oh God, fuck me!" She howled, giving in to the submission.
