 Lisa opened her eyes and stretched luxuriously. She was warm and safe and comfortable. The blankets covering her body were warm. The house was quiet.

Next to her, a form stirred and peaked out from under the covers. His dark hair was tousled and hung just in his eyes and he smiled.

"Morning, Beautiful," he said sleepily.

"Morning." Lisa whispered back.

He inched closer to her and kissed her bare shoulder. "How did you sleep?" 

Lisa stretched again. "Great! How 'bout you?"

Eric smiled at her again and said "The sleep was great but the dreams were better. You were in them."

"Aw! What a lame line..." she teased. 

Eric gave Lisa a predatory smile and started to kiss her. His lips were soft and sweet and his strong body over hers sent a thrill of excitement through her body. His tongue, caressing and exploring, entered her mouth. He large hands began to explore her nude body. As he cupped her breast, Lisa moaned against his lips. 

Slowly, another head popped up on the other side of Eric. This one had bright red hair and bright green eye. She smiled as she watched her husband and her wife kiss each other passionately.

"Mmm! What a wonderful morning surprise!"

Eric smiled over at Kaitlyn. "Would you like to join us?"

"Do you have to ask?" purred Kaitlyn. Eric moved to the other side of Lisa as Kaitlyn slid over and took his place. Kaitlyn placed a gentle kiss against Lisa's lips, brushing her blond ringlets out of the way. The two women, lovers and friends, shared a deeply passionate look. Suddenly, Lisa gasped and glanced down at Eric, who had one of her pretty pink nipples gently clasped between his teeth. Kaitlyn began kissing Lisa's neck and jaw, her hand covering Lisa's breast that Eric didn't have. Lisa moaned as two mouths, one male and one female, assaulted her nipples. Eric was slightly rougher, nibbling and pulled with his teeth, while Kaitlyn's tongue was almost feather light. She moved her head back and forth as she nuzzled against her lover's breast.

"Oh, God, yes!" Lisa moaned. Kaitlyn's hand was trailing slowly down her belly and began playing with the lips of her pussy. While still sucking on Lisa's nipple, her hand went between the lips and found Lisa's already swollen clit. She gently circled it with her finger, enjoying the moans that Lisa made. 

"Oh, yeah. Oh, baby, do you want me to make you cum?" asked Kaitlyn

"Mm!" protested Eric, coming off of Lisa's nipple. "Where does that leave me?" 

Kaitlyn and Lisa exchanged a look that plainly said 'Men!'

Eric found it positively endearing. 

Kaitlyn began massaging Lisa's clit again as she said, "Don't worry Eric. I'm sure we can find a place for you. Several places, in fact..."

"God, I love watching you do that to her." said Eric to Kaitlyn. Lisa moaned between the two of them, her eyes closing in ecstasy. Eric took a moment to admire the two women in bed with him.

Kaitlyn, his legal wife, was lithe and tall. Her normally thin figure was beginning to show the blessing of pregnancy. Her breast, usually a pert B cup, had ripened and now filled out a C bra easily. She wasn't very far along, only about 4 months, but her stomach was already pooching our attractively. Between her legs was red pubic hair, kept trimmed and attractive but never shaved. Her hair was long, mid-back, and straight. She was a natural red and it glimmered in the early morning light.

Lisa, on the other hand, shaved religiously. Her bald pussy, now being caressed by Kaitlyn's long fingers, was always smooth to the touch. Lisa had blond curls that she kept trimmed to about shoulder length. Lisa had brown eyes and long, lovely eyelashes. She was short and slightly plump with freckles dotting her wherever the sun had happened to touch her skin. One Halloween, Lisa had dressed as Marilyn Monroe and, to Eric, that image would always be a personification of Lisa's personality. Eric loved the contrast between the two women.

"Do you want to suck my cock while she makes you cum?" whispered Eric in Lisa's ear.

"Oh, do it, darling." whispered Kaitlyn. "I want to see Eric's big cock going in and out of your mouth."

Eric got up on his knees and presented his hard cock to Lisa, who opened her mouth greedily, unable to keep a moan from escaping. Lisa swirled her tongue around the head of Eric's cock and started taking him deeper. Suddenly, Lisa felt a finger slip into her damp pussy. Kaitlyn began finger fucking her as Eric grabbed a fistful of blond curls and started thrusting into Lisa's sweet mouth. She moaned again, this time muffled by Eric.

Eric and Kaitlyn eyes met, feeling a strong sexual connection between he two of them as they got the sweet blond off. Still fingering Lisa, Kaitlyn got on her knees and began kissing Eric, her tongue darting in and out of his mouth, his tongue doing the same. They kissed each other passionately as Lisa writhed beneath them, her pussy full with Kaitlyn's fingers and her mouth full of Eric's cock.

Eric suddenly arched his neck, breaking the kiss and moaned.

"Oh, Lisa, baby, you gotta stop or I'm gonna come in your mouth. I've other plans..."

Eric got off the large bed and stood up. "Lisa, get on your hands and knees over here. " He commanded quietly, indicating the edge of the bed. "Kaitlyn, lay down and spread those sweet legs. Lisa's gonna eat you out."

The two women smiled, their eyes sparkling, as they did what they were told. Eric had a very sweet nature and he wasn't a very dominate person...outside of the bedroom. Something about having two naked women at his beck and call brought out the dominate in him and it made the women happy.

Lisa inhaled the heady aroma of Kaitlyn's pussy. It glistened with her juices and Lisa bit her lip in anticipation. Her tongue darted out and gently swiped up Kaitlyn's slit, causing her to arch her back slightly and moan. As Lisa found Kaitlyn's clit, swollen and round, Eric's cock began pressing at her entrance.

Lisa was tight. Oh, so tight! Eric backed his cock away and began fingering her gently, urging her pussy to get wetter and relax a little. Finally, he thought her pussy would accept his cock. As he gently started pressing it into Lisa, Lisa began sucking on Kaitlyn's clit. All three moaned and paused, enjoy the feel of their bodies being connected. Eric started moving in and out of Lisa's pussy, causing her whole body to rock and her face and tongue to rock against Kaitlyn's pussy. 

Now, it was Kaitlyn's turn to grab Lisa's hair. Lisa's tongue was magic against her clit. Kaitlyn moaned louder as one of Lisa's fingers was shoved into her pussy, followed by a second. The rhythm Eric created with his thrusting was transferred to Kaitlyn. Then it happened. Lisa's fingers, making a gentle 'Come Here" motion inside Kaitlyn, found her G-Spot. While she was bring fingered and eaten out, Kaitlyn came, her body arching off the bed.

"Oh, yeah, baby. "moaned both Eric and Lisa at the same time, both of them watching Kaitlyn ride the wave of pleasure. 

"Oooh." moaned Lisa. "Yeah, Eric, fuck me. Fuck my pussy!"

"Mm, I wanna fuck both your pussies!" he pulled out of Lisa and motioned Kaitlyn to the edge of the bed. Kaitlyn scotched down and wrapped her legs around Lisa waist. Lisa, stayed on her hands and knees. This gave Eric the perfect view of two of the most beautiful pussies he had ever seen. 

The women began kissing as Eric entered Kaitlyn. He fucked one and then the other, back and forth, over and over, getting rougher as he went. He reveled in the different feel of the two women, drinking in the sight of his cock going in and out of Lisa's pussy and then back to Kaitlyn's. He was fucking Lisa again went Kaitlyn's hand eased between herself and Lisa. She found Lisa's clit and Lisa gasped.

"I want you to cum on him and I want him to cum in you..." she murmured, staring at Lisa's face. "Cum inside her." She said to Eric, never taking her eyes off Lisa.

Lisa arched her back, allowing the sensation of Eric's cock and Kaitlyn's fingers take her over the edge. She cried out, shouting in her orgasm.

"Oh God!" shouted Eric in return, the sensation of Lisa's pussy clenching his member pushing him over the edge. He slammed his cock home twice more as he filled Lisa with his hot seed.

Lisa collapsed on Kaitlyn and then shifted to the side of her. Eric fell onto the bed behind Lisa, spooning her, and wrapped his arms around both women. 

"That was amazing." murmured Lisa. Her two lovers beside her nodded.

Suddenly, there was a knock at the door.

"Are you three done?" asked a deep voice.

Lisa smiled at the sound of her legal husband, Alex. 

"Yeah." she answered, her voice thick with the amazing sex she had just had.

"Good. Breakfast is done, too. Oh, and Kaitlyn, Lisa..." he said, laughter and happiness filling his voice. "I fully expect my turn with the two of you later!" The sound of Alex's footsteps echoed as he went back downstairs.

Eric groaned to himself as he got out of the bed. "Dibs on the shower," he said, grabbing his robe out of his closet and heading out the door and into the bathroom. He left the door open and the smell of coffee, bacon, and the wood burning stove downstairs suddenly filled the room.

Kaitlyn and Lisa smiled at each other and snuggled in, enjoying the softness of each others bodies. Lisa glanced over Kaitlyn's head and out the window. Snow was gently falling. The first snow of the season! Lisa again smiled and sighed, contented. Today was going to be a glorious day!