 AUTHOR'S NOTE: Thanks again to my editor Rovijack43!

* * * * *

After the major workout we all just had pleasuring each other, we take a quick swim then head for the house to prepare dinner. Kitty and Chris find robes for all of us and then the men fire up the grill while Kitty and I prepare the salad and vegetables. It isn't long before we are enjoying a delicious steak dinner with wine, laughing and talking. It seems so natural to be with these two, like we've known them forever.

We find out that Kitty and Chris had never been with another couple before last night, but had talked about it for some time. Chris started thinking of it that day in the woods, but never revealed the incident to Kitty until last night at dinner. Chris had talked of a threesome, and then Kitty presented the foursome idea. When I handed them the key to our room, there was never a question in their mind.

I tell of how we met and about our first date. They are amazed at the intense erotic nature of it and I had to admit I was too. Last night we had planned to spend our second date alone but then Kitty and Chris appeared. "I wanted you both the instant I laid eyes on you in the woods, and when I saw you again last night I knew that I had to have you right then," I told them. "There was no question and certainly no regrets."

We clean up after dinner and retire to the living room for cocktails, soft music and great conversation. Chris and Kitty have asked us to stay for the night and we've accepted. I just can't think of any place I'd rather be. I cuddle up next to you with my drink and listen to the story of how Kitty and Chris met.

Chris gets up to refresh our drinks and you notice a little tension in my neck and ask me to sit on the floor in front of you so you can take care of it. I close my eyes as you expertly work my muscles to putty and moan softly at the incredible feel. Kitty walks over, disrobes and spreads her legs around my face. She leans forward pushing you back onto the couch. You two latch in a heated kiss and Kitty presses her clit into my mouth. Taking in the smell and knowing the taste, I immediately lap and suck and dip my tongue inside her. "OHHHH," she moans into your mouth.

Chris comes back in, sets the wine down and joins the party. He comes up behind Kitty and kisses her neck, her back, then slowly makes his way down to her ass. I lick as far back as my tongue will reach, and spread her cheeks for him as he makes his way. I caress each one as he licks between them.

"OH GOD!" she moans loudly then takes your mouth to hers once again but more savagely this time.

I rub up and down her lovely crack while he continues to moisten it for me and she begins to buck at my mouth as my tongue runs the length of her tasty pussy. You take her breast and rub her already hard nipples. You break the kiss and slouch down a bit, taking her breasts into your mouth, one after the other; tweaking each nipple between your teeth as we all drive Kitty mad.

"OH FUCK, YES!" she moans passionately.

Chris licks her lovely hole with me, our tongues playing in the glistening of juice that is seeping from her. We kiss, heavy with desire, with her pussy between us. He licks back to her virgin ass hole, soaking it then dipping his tongue just inside it. I slowly slide two fingers inside her as he laps at her puckering hole. Kitty begins to buck but not knowing which she wants more, my fingers or his tongue. I take one soaked finger out and slowly let it glide into Kitty's ass.

"Oh my god!" she exclaims, already bucking back at it and Chris gasps at her reaction. I continue to lick her sweet pussy, Chris licks around my finger, and you skillfully work her breasts. I slide my fingers in unison, slowly in and out of each hole. Her bucking and loud moans tell me she's ready. I take my other finger out of her pussy and slide it into her ass and latch onto her clit with my mouth.

"OH GOD YES. YES!" she yells, as my finger slides easily all the way in to join the other. I use my other hand to finger her pussy as I suck her clit. I can see Chris' amazing hard on, and wish to taste it. My fingers pleasure Kitty's virgin hole faster and harder as she thrusts her ass back to meet them.

"OH YES!" Kitty screams. I feel her tense as her pussy starts to pulse around my fingers and her ass grips tighter around those invading it. "HOLY MOTHER OF GOD!" someone says as her body convulses in a hard orgasm. Chris licks at her hole the best he can, wanting some of her juices. I finger both holes faster as her body squeezes around me and her juices soak my face. I can feel your hard on tapping at my head, as my fingers slide deep inside Kitty, so soft and warm.

Kitty thrusts back onto my fingers, and rides my mouth and fingers furiously. "Fuck me, harder, oh yes lick me!" she screams as another orgasm crashes through her body. I slowly withdraw my fingers from her and let go of her clit to lap up the juices. Chris and I meet at her sweet hole once again for a mutual treat; our tongues play in her juices then share the taste with one another.

Kitty pants loudly, gasping for breath. "OH MY GOD! That was amazing!" You've pulled yourself back up; Kitty kisses you hard and smiles. Our men still have huge hard ons waiting to be loved, and we decide to take it to the floor. Chris and Kitty kiss wildly; he is so aroused by both what we did to her and her reaction to it. I guess up to this moment Kitty has always said no anal, but I think Kitty will now change her mind, as I can see her well on the way to becoming an assoholic.

I immediately take your amazing hard on into my mouth and roll my tongue around the tip to lap at the precum. "Mmmmm," I moan, loving your taste. You grab my head and push it onto your cock as you thrust up to my mouth. I reach down and feel your balls, so full of cum and tightening already.

"OH YES! Suck it baby!" Knowing my reward will soon come to me has my pussy dripping with excitement. Kitty latches onto Chris' cock as well, bobbing quickly onto it as he thrusts into her. Chris' legs are spread wide and Kitty is rubbing just under his balls, down to his exposed ass hole.

"Ohhh, mmmmmm.!" Chris is moaning loudly. "Please, Kitty, put it in!" he begs her. She rubs a bit longer then shoves her finger into her mouth to wet it. She takes her mouth from his cock and licks his hole, leaving enough saliva behind. She rubs her finger in her saliva and slides it into his ass slowly.

"OH MY GOD!" he yells and his hips thrust upward. Kitty pushes her finger deep into his ass as she takes his cock to the back of her throat.

With one hand I continue to squeeze your balls and rub your waiting hole with the other hand. I let your cock fall from my mouth and slowly lick down the shaft. I suck your balls in feeling how full they are. "Mmmmm," I moan onto them and make my way down and press my tongue into the soft flesh just underneath. Your hands return to my head and fist in my hair, knowing what is in store.

My tongue darts quickly to your hole and back up. "Ohhh!" you moan. I let my tongue dart down a couple more times, knowing the teasing is driving you crazy, but you know me well enough to know that I wouldn't dare to disappoint you. I lick down and shove my tongue into your hole, pushing hard as you tense to the pleasure. "OH FUCK! YES!" you shout.

Kitty fingers Chris faster and sucks him harder, and he bucks to her mouth savagely, moaning and grunting continually. "OH GOD KITTY!" he moans urgently to her.

"Mmmmm," Kitty moans onto him as she continues to bring him pleasure. She inserts another finger into his eager hole, increasing her pace; her fingers thrust in deep and her head bobs in unison. Chris spreads his legs farther apart, trying to get her fingers even deeper.

"YES! OH SHIT YES!" he bellows as he thrusts up at her mouth and now holds her head in place. Her throat muscles contract around his cock and he shoots his warm cum into her mouth. She swallows it all and then sucks harder to get more. "AAAHHHH!" he screams as he empties his balls into her.

I reach up and stroke you as my tongue fucks your hole. "Deeper baby," you command me, as you continue to thrust up at my hand and clench your ass, trying to capture my tongue. I take two fingers and slide them into you, slowly; pushing them in as deep as they will go. You thrust up as I enter new depths; reaching those you've only previously dreamed of; I take your throbbing cock into my mouth and suck you to the back of my throat, tasting a little sample of what you will give me.

I thrust my fingers into you faster as I suck and stroke your hard cock. Your hips rise with heated urgency and slap at my face, holding my head in place and fucking my mouth hard. My tongue swirls around while my fingers reach deeper, as I shove them into your ass faster, pounding them into you. "OH YES! FUCK, YES!" you scream and thrust deeper into my throat; shooting your hot cum down my throat. I swallow all that you give and like Kitty suck harder, hoping for more. You thrust again and shoot another load into my mouth, saying, "Swallow it ALL!"

I feel Kitty's hands on my back and she grabs my head pulling me off you. Her mouth finds mine quickly and as she pulls me to her she moans loudly as we share in your taste. My hand is still stroking you softly and I can feel yours clamp over it, stroking with me. Kitty sucks some of your sperm from my mouth into hers and our tongues play in the treat as we swallow what remains.

You sit up and pull me onto you backwards, burying your cock in my wet pussy; shoving it all the way in with one thrust. We both cry out in pleasure and your hands explore my breast, nipples and clit. Kitty leans down to take my clit into her mouth, her ass wagging in the air for Chris. He immediately thrusts his still hard cock deep into her wetness and she moans onto my pussy. The vibrations send chills through my body. "Oh yes Kitty, please!" I plead.

You slide in and out of me frantically as you watch Kitty service me, thrusting deeper each time. Her tongue goes from my clit all the way down to my hole, dips inside then makes its way back up. I grind into her face and spread my legs wider, offering her all of me. As she reaches my clit again, I grab her head and hold it there as you fuck me harder, faster.

Chris starts pounding into Kitty and she thrusts back at him. He wets a finger and slides it into her puckering hole. "GGGGRRRRRR!" Kitty growls onto my pussy and I thrust up to her and back down on you.

"OH FUCK!" I scream, barely able to control myself. My body shakes uncontrollably, you tweak my nipples and Kitty dips her tongue inside me. You take my neck into your mouth and bite down, causing me to scream out in orgasm as my body convulses and thrashes about. I feel your cock pulsing inside me, bringing even more intensity to my orgasm. Chris lovingly explores her virgin hole with one finger as he thrusts deep inside her. "God, I love how you feel, Kitty," he says. She bucks back at him trying to get both his finger and his cock deeper inside her.

She takes her mouth from my pussy and turns to look at him. She smiles and says, "Put it in me, baby. I want it. NOW!" Then she takes my pussy back into her mouth and sucks hard. Chris is motionless, mouth gaping, not quite believing what she wants. Kitty wiggles her ass and growls, so Chris pulls his throbbing dick from her pussy and slowly presses it into her wanting ass. "Mmmmm!" moans Kitty .

It slides easily in all the way, and then he holds still for a moment, giving her a chance to get accustomed to it. But, before he even has a chance to move, she is bucking back at him with urgency. She shoves two fingers into my dripping hole and begins to fuck me hard with them. You thrust hard up to me, turn my head and find my mouth as we latch in a heated kiss.

He thrusts into her harder each time and she accepts and encourages more. I believe that if the pleasure wasn't so great, he would have been kneeling, mouth gaping and unable to move. He grabs her hips and pulls her onto him and she moans and growls continually into my pussy; clamping onto my clit and fucking me hard. You pinch my nipples and pull on them. "OH FUCK! YES! OH MY GOD!" I cry out as another orgasm rocks my body. My pussy squeezes around your pulsing cock and you shoot another load of precious cum deep into me. You grab my hips and hold me down as you empty yourself into me, your warm cum heating my insides even more.

Chris thrusts faster and harder into her. "Oh, yes baby girl!" he whispers to her, "I just love how you feel." She thrusts her hips back at him and raises her ass higher; allowing him deeper access. Her ass squeezes tight and he thrusts harder into her, and she moans loudly as she laps up my juices. She breaks away and screams in sheer pleasure as orgasmic waves crash through her. He grabs onto her hips tight and pulls her back onto him reaching deep and shoots his hot cum inside her once virgin hole.

His body shakes violently as he unloads inside her, "OH GOD! BABY GIRL!" he yells out to her and thrusts again, giving her even more of his hot seed.

"YES!" she shouts and looks back at him, a smile a mile wide crossing her face, just like the cat that got the cream!