 This story is the second half of "Our Dirty Secret Exposed" and the fourth installment in the "Our Dirty Secret" series featuring these characters. It's designed so you can read it as a stand-alone story, or part of the series. 

If you'd like to catch up on Gavin and Melia's adventures up to this point you can click on my name, which will take you to my author page and you will find all my stories there.

Thanks for reading!

******

"Me-el... Melly... Melia..." 

I hear you saying my name softly, and I come to with a groan. 

"There you are," you say gently.

I roll over and see you sitting on the edge of our bed. I blink my eyes a few times and the angular frame of your body comes more and more into focus in the dim light of our bedroom. 

"Hey there, baby. Welcome back," you smile warmly at me, brushing my hair out of my face.

"Ugh..." I groan, trying to sit up. "What happened?"

"You fainted. Or passed out from the sheer magnitude of my sexual prowess. Or something." You smirk at me and scratch my back gently.

"Oh really..." I say, "Is that what happened?"

"Yup," you reply, "Exactly." You reach over and pick up a glass of water from the bedside table and hand it to me. "Now drink this. I want you to drink this whole thing, young lady, and then I want you to have another glass after that. You lost a lot of liquids in the past half an hour..." I catch a smirk on your face. "You're becoming quite the squirting queen."

"Mmmmm...Thanks, babe," I say. I take the glass from you and drink gratefully, emptying the the contents in no time. I feel better immediately. "I never used to do that before I met you."

"I'll take that as the most supreme compliment," you reply. You take the glass from me and go to refill it again.

I watch you leave the room. You're wearing nothing but your jeans and I can't help but notice the top button is open, and it's clear you're not wearing underwear. The slightly open fly barely conceals the thin trail of hair leading from your navel down your flat abdomen and into your dark pubic patch. It's effortlessly, ridiculously sexy. I marvel at how the smallest things about you drive me crazy with lust.

You sneak back into our room with the glass of water and a wet washcloth, and shut the door again softly.

"Sexy outfit," I smirk, as you hand me the glass. 

"Well, I figured it's polite to wear some pants when we have guests," you reply wryly.

"Is Rob awake?" I ask, suddenly remembering what happened before I passed out.

"He went to bed," you reply. 

"How long was I out?" 

"About fifteen minutes. I was going to give you five more before I phoned the paramedics," you say, half-joking. 

"Well, I'm okay... I think. Nothing broken." I shift a little and stretch, and I feel the sheet sticking to the skin on my chest. I peel the material away from my fleshy tits, which are still coated with cum.

"Eccchhhh," I complain.

"Here baby," you say. "Let's clean you up a bit." You take the empty glass from me and place it on the nightstand, reaching for the wet washcloth. Slowly, carefully, you sponge off my sticky chest with the warm cloth, bathing my soft, round breasts until your cum is completely wiped away. My nipples stiffen into small peaks as the wet skin dries in the cool air. 

"You're lucky you're my patient right now and not my naughty nurse, or I'd be tempted to cover these puppies with cum again," you wink at me.

"That was a huge load," I say, smiling at you mischievously.

You stop what you're doing and look me in the eyes. "And that was seriously the most depraved thing you have ever done." 

I realize my impromptu explicit display was a little out of the norm, but then again, so was having your friend watch while you fucked me up the ass. I guess I got a little caught up in the moment, rubbing the cum you shot into my ass all over my tits. I don't know what I was thinking...

I cover my hands with my face. "I'm not sure what came over me," I say, blushing. "I'm a bit embarrassed."

"Don't be," you assure me. "That was the single hottest thing I have ever seen. You put on quite the show for me and my friend."

"I put on a show?!" I whisper, so as to not wake our sleeping guest. "You set the whole thing up: You did everything to ensure that Rob would catch us fucking."

"Guilty as charged," you concede, "But you've never done that before."

"I don't think you've ever paused long enough after cumming for me to try it!" I say, poking your ribs with my finger. "Usually you're in too big of a rush to have dessert."

"It's true, I do love my creampie," you smirk. "And the waitress who serves it to me, always tastes good too..." You lean in and kiss me. 

"Well, I'm happy to do it again, any time you like," I say. "You just give me the word."

"Absolutely. Now that I know I'm dating such a sick pervert, the sky's the limit," you tease me. 

"Thanks," I say, smiling. "Now get in here." I hold the comforter open.

You stand and unbutton your jeans, peel them off of your skinny hips and ease your naked body under the blankets. You lie back next to me and I rest my head on you, your soft, sparse chest hair tickling my cheek. You wrap your long arms around me and run your fingers lazily through my dark curls, as I snuggle into your warm body and sigh contentedly. We lay like this in the dark for a few minutes, before I break the silence.

"So... when you say Rob has the biggest cock you've ever seen, how big are we talking exactly?"

You laugh, your chest shaking under my cheek. "Oh Melly Melly Melly... so deliciously predictable."

I sit up slightly and lean my head on my head. "Well, you can't just casually drop that kind of information on a girl and not expect her to ask any follow-up questions."

"It's very big. Next question?"

I jab you in the ribs. 

"Okay, okay," you say, placating me. "Let me tell you a little story. A bedtime story--"

"--about Rob's giant schlong." I interrupt. Grinning.

"Yes, about Rob's giant schlong," you sigh. "Remember I told you that he was like super awkward in college?"

"Gav, he's still super awkward."

"Yeah, I guess so," you say. "Well, he was even more awkward when we first lived together freshman year. He was still a virgin and knew close to nothing about females. So a bunch of us tried to show him the ropes."

"If that's what you call it," I snort, thinking about how you used to let Rob secretly watch you screw various girls in your dorm room, much like he just did fifteen minutes ago. "I thought it was called 'Gavin putting on a peep show.'" 

You poke me in the back. "Hey, I was helping him. You would help your friend if she didn't know how to give a blow job."

"Well, like on a banana, maybe, but I wouldn't just let her watch me suck some guy's cock."

"Now, that sounds like a great story..." you joke, running your finger over my lips.

"I'm sorry I interrupted. Please continue," I say dryly.

"Anyway..." you say, pulling me into your body, "we basically made it our mission to get our friend laid. I mean, you've seen him, he's a sweet, smart, good looking guy: there's no reason why he can't get some ass."

"You're a very good friend, Gav."

"Precisely. So we coach him, and groom him. And he is an apt pupil, I mean the guy is an engineering major, so he knows every inch of the female intimate anatomy by the time we're done with him: there's no way he could strike out. We find this really great girl, Ali, who's friends with Jess. She's really experienced in the sex department, so she can take the lead, and she thinks Rob is cute, so we basically get them drunk one night at a party and push them into a room together. They're in the room all night, and the next morning after she's taken off, we're like, 'Heeeey buddy! Way to lose your V-card!' and he's like, 'Sorry guys, no dice.'"

"Wait, what? So he chickened out?" I ask.

"No. He tried, he assured us. In fact, they both tried valiantly. It took a lot of prodding for him to finally admit what had happened exactly but apparently, they were making out hot and heavy, everything was going fine, and he ate her pussy and got her really worked up, but then when she took out his dick and tried to sit on it, it wouldn't fit. They tried a couple of times to work it into her pussy: he used like half a tube of K-Y jelly, they tried multiple positions... but no matter what they tried, she couldn't even get the head in. And Ali was no virgin. I had fucked her, in fact, a few months before Jess and I started dating. We went back to her dorm room after a party, and she just got up on the bed, pulled down her panties, presented her ass to me and begged me to fuck her doggystyle. With no lube, no preliminaries. I mean, the girl meant business. And I don't exactly have a small dick..."

"No you don't," I agree. For a skinny guy, you have a surprisingly thick, long cock. "One of the biggest I've ever tried to get inside me, that's for sure."

"But I digress... So we were like, 'Rob, how could it not go in?' And that's when he whipped out his monster cock. As you can see, Rob is and always has been a really big guy. He must be like part Viking or something. But I never realized his dick was so mammoth, because he was so shy about it. I mean, he was my roommate and I hadn't seen it. He was always really careful to change in the showers or in his closet, I guess. I never thought anything of it. Until I saw it: Melia, it was like a toddler's arm. We're talking twelve incher, easy, maybe longer, and really thick around. The head alone was like the size of a small apple."

"Jesus Christ," I whisper, I'm trying to picture what a cock like that even looks like. 

"And after the whole Ali fiasco, word got around on campus about Rob's monster cock... He became kind of like a freak show: girls always wanted to see it, but no one was willing to try it."

"That's so sad..." I say, "So how did he lose his V-card, finally? I'm assuming he's had sex since then, yes?"

"Yeah. We figured we needed a professional's help. So when we went to Cancun on spring break, a bunch of us chipped in and bought him a hooker. We even told her upfront about Rob's gargantuan tool, and we were like, 'Can you handle this?' Because we didn't want to leave our buddy hanging again. And she was like 'Si, si, no problema.' But we were worried and we knew if it didn't go in this time, he'd be super depressed, so we decided we needed to make sure it happened."

"I shudder to ask," I say. "Wait... does this have anything to do with the crazy story you told me where you and your friends threw a party in your hotel room and invited some Mexican hooker?" 

"Yes, in fact that party was a farewell party for Rob's V-card."

"Whoa... So she got it in?" I ask, really curious now. You laugh. 

"So, this hooker shows up to our hotel room. It's like this cheap motel on the beach, two double beds, maybe one chair, cheap tropical print bedspreads, smells like cigarettes. She's got this tight cheap club dress on, and six inch stripper heels, but she's really pretty. And she's young, like maybe 22 tops. So Rob is really nervous, asking, 'will she like me?' and I say, 'she'll like you, man: she's a pro.' But he's still really anxious, and when she goes to sit next to him on the bed he can barely speak or look at her. And so the girl is like, 'How about you boys play with my pussy and your friend watches? Maybe he'll want to join then.' So the next thing I know, me and my buddy Jordan are getting it on with this Mexican Prostitute, licking and sucking her tits, rubbing our hands over her pussy mound and fingering her cunt, while Rob sits on the bed and watches. I tell Rob to get his cock out and then I had Jordan hold her legs back while Rob and I took turns licking her wet snatch. Eventually, he felt uninhibited enough to give it a go."

"So you all watched while your best friend lost his virginity to a Mexican prostitute?"

"Yeah. She's was like no-nonsense. You could see the shock on her face when she first registered the size of the cock she was dealing with, but we had warned her, and she seemed like she knew what she was doing. We watched her give him a fantastic hand job, lubing up his giant dick with both hands, licking around the head a little... in fact, we were worried he was gonna lose his nut right there. But then she put on one of those XL condoms, climbed up on top of him, had him hold his cock for her, and she squatted down on top of it, trying to work the apple-sized head into her pussy. She played with her clit, and grinded on top of it, rocking back and forth, until she finally got the head in. Man, she was grunting and panting and kept saying 'Ay dios mio... ay dios mio..." She eventually got it halfway in, but she only got two or three pumps in before he busted his nut. So she pulls her herself off of his shrinking dick, and the condom comes off with her, still stuck in her pussy. So she reaches up to pull it out and I swear to you, the condom was like filled with half a cup of cum. And the prostitute is like 'ay, carajo!" and we're like, 'holy fuck!' I mean, it must have been some kind of super industrial strength latex, because I'm surprised he didn't bust right through the condom with the sheer volume of his load."

"Whoa..."

"So that's the story of Rob's monster cock."

"That's crazy."

"So now you see why Rob is more of a watch-er than a do-er when it comes to sex. I keep telling him he could make a boat load of money in porn but, he insists on being an electrical engineer..." you joke. "So young lady, the moral of the story is, having a giant cock is not necessarily all it's cracked up to be."

"I guess not..." I say. 

You roll over, prop your head on your hand and look down at my face.

"Oh my God, you're totally fantasizing about Rob's big knob... aren't you? You totally are!" you say.

"Babe: No. I'm not," I assure you.

"It's fine if you are. I bet you're wondering if you can get that monster cock up your pussy..."

"I seriously seriously doubt I can..." I say. I've always had a pretty tight pussy. One of the biggest misconceptions people have about bigger girls is that just because we have wider hips, or huge tits, or a big ass somehow means we've got these big holes to match. I've met girls who are 5' and 100 pounds who have bigger pussies than I do. 

"Ah hahahaha... caught you!" you exclaim gleefully, "that means you've totally thought about it!"

"Fine, fine, yes, I can't help it. I love a challenge."

"Rob would be totally flattered, by the way. He's nuts about you."

"How do you know that?" I demand.

"He only gets embarrassed like that around girls he thinks are super foxy. That, and I asked him."

"You asked him??" I hiss, sitting up in our bed. "You asked your old friend if he thinks your girlfriend is hot? Is this something guys do?" 

You laugh and pull me down to kiss me. I rest my head on your chest. "Yeah, I guess it's just something we do. Besides, why are you so surprised? You know you're gorgeous..."

I lean in and kiss you. You wrap your arms around me, embracing me as your tongue slips between my lips. I reach down and grasp your dick, which is already hard again, and you groan. I can't help it: I want you inside me again.

I get on top of you and straddle your thick cock. I work the swollen head between my lips, rubbing the tip against my clit, lubing up my pussy with your gorgeous tool. You groan as I tease the sensitive head with my soft cunt lips. You grab my hips and I place your cock at the opening of my slick hole, then sit down slowly, impaling myself on your pole. 

I start riding your cock languidly, enjoying the feeling of your thick shaft sliding in and out of my tight pussy. You reach up with both hands and palm my massive melons, squeezing and kneading the soft flesh, tugging my nipples between your fingers. I sigh in pleasure, gyrating my hips over your cock. 

"Suck my titties, baby?" I say. 

"Mmmm with pleasure," you reply. I reach my hand down, and slide my fingers between my nether lips. I rub my clitoris and moan while I continue to ride your big dick.

"You thinking about Rob's cock, baby?" you ask, as you bring one of my big jugs to your lips and start to suckle the nipple.

"Mmmmmm... no. Not so much his cock, but maybe..." I trail off.

"Yes?"

"Maybe thinking about all that cum. I've never seen a load that big... I'm curious. I think I'd like that."

You chuckle and move your mouth to lick and suck on my other tit. 

"Where would you want his big load... On your face? On your big tits? In your pussy? All over your ass? Or what about in your ass?" you ask, teasing me, indulging my fantasy.

I blush, "I don't know... it would depend. I think it would be hot to take his load anywhere... I don't know if I could fit it inside of me, so maybe on my tits or my face..."

"Mmmmmm ... or what about right on your open asshole..." you groan, picking up the pace of our fucking a little and humping up at my pussy from below. "I open you up with my cock and then he jerks his massive load onto your spread ass..." I can tell this conversation is turning you on.

"That would be hot," I agree. "You wouldn't be jealous? Letting your friend cum all over your girlfriend?" I ask, curious. We've never really broached the topic before.

"Nah, I wouldn't be jealous. I think it would be super hot... Besides, I don't mind sharing you with my friend a bit. I know you're mine." You smile up at me as I ride you. 

My tits jog up and down as our fucking becomes faster, more intense. I shudder a little, my pussy spasming as I cum. 

"That's it, baby, cum all over my cock," you coax me. 

I moan softly and ride out the delicious peak. You smile up at me grinding your hips up into my crotch. I reach back and fondle your swollen balls. You groan and start to shudder.

"You close?" I ask.

"Yeah... yeah... I'm close..." you moan.

"Cum on my face, baby." I say. 

"You sure?" 

"Yeah, I wanna watch you cum."

You lift me off your cock with a groan, which slides out of my wet pussy with a plop. I climb off the bed and kneel on the floor in between your legs as you sit on the edge of our bed, jerking your wet cock with your hand. 

As much as we both love the feeling of having you cum in my various holes, I love to watch your dick as it spurts out its load, and it's a rare treat for me. Besides all of this talk about Rob cumming on me has gotten me hot and bothered.

You tug on your swollen shaft a few more times, your face contorting in pleasure.

"Oh, God," you moan, "Here it comes, baby, here it comes...!"

I look up at you while you aim your swollen dick at my face. 

"Uuuuuunnnnngggggh," you groan as a thick rope of white cum shoots out of your crimson cockhead and lands on my cheek. You grunt and tug on your shaft slowly as your cock spews its warm load onto my face in little spurts, your nuts contracting and coating my lips and eyelids with thick spunk.

I wrap my lips around the dripping head of your cock, sucking and milking the last drops of cum out of your spent balls. 

"Holy fuck, baby," you say, as you reach for the washcloth again, "that was so hot." You wipe your load off of my cheeks and eyelids as I lick my lips, enjoying the salty taste. 

"For some reason, I was in the mood for a facial," I smile up at you and then climb back into bed.

"You are such a sexy bitch," you whisper into my ear, and wrap your arms around me, nestling your wet cock between my soft ass cheeks. We both drift off into a contented sleep.

**********

When I finally wake up, it's closer to noon than it is to morning. I roll over and stretch, feeling the sunlight warm my naked skin. Your side of the bed is empty and the door to our bedroom is ajar. I yawn and pull myself out of bed, overcome by the urge to pee. When I pad into the livingroom, I can see that our houseguest has gone for the day, and he's folded the blanket up on the couch neatly. I can hear the sound of the shower running as I open the door to the bathroom.
