 "Come here baby, I need to fuck you," we hear coming from the bottom of the bed. We both look, wondering which of us he is referring to. He grabs my legs and pulls me to the end of the bed then takes me by the waist and pulls me onto him, doggie style. He slides in easily from my recent orgasm and pulls me back hard, reaching deep. We both gasp at the new sensation. 

"That was so fucking hot. I'm going to fill you with cum so she can lick it out," he says and then he looks up at her, "Would you like that baby?" Our eyes meet and we both nod. I can see fire behind her eyes and it excites me.

I can see you entertaining the thought too as you stand there with a huge grin on your face. The only time a woman was between my legs, I thought I had lived one of my greatest fantasies, but the thought of this woman between my legs is more desirable to me than anything right now. The mere anticipation of it makes me push back harder onto him, begging to be filled quickly. You lean down to kiss her and coax her from the bed. She bends over in front of you with her hands on the bed, wagging her ass. 

We are not far from you and I try to inch toward you as he continues to fuck me. He realizes what I am trying to do and pushes me toward the side of the bed. When I get to her I kiss her ass lovingly and watch as you enter her; then nibble my way up her body. I see the goose bumps cover her flesh again as she watches my mouth. Pure lust clouds her eyes. I close my eyes and try to burn the sweet sensations of her flesh into my mind. She smells so wonderful and tastes even better. I want to remember her forever. "Mmmm." I murmur as the thoughts of her fill my head. I feel him pause behind me as he gets caught up in my sampling of her flesh.

She gasps, "Oooooh!" as you bury yourself into her. I place my hands on the bed beside her and we smile at each other. Both of you men are now side by side and slowly pushing yourselves in deep then pulling out slowly. I look back to see each of you watch the other fuck their gal in unison. She and I both gasp at the deep, long strokes and we keep our eyes on each other as our men pleasure us.

I lean over and cover her mouth with mine. His pace increases and I imagine yours does as well. She gasps into my mouth and I into hers. Our tongues play a little game of tag before being pulled into each other's mouths. He is slamming into me now; fueled by the passionate kiss I share with his woman and his need to see her between my legs. His hands are firmly placed on my hips pulling me back hard. We struggle to keep our kiss as we are both being pushed forward and back. We moan louder into each other's mouths then our kiss is broken. I move to nibble on her shoulder as she reaches over to tug on my nipple. "Oh yes!" I moan, mostly to her. She caresses my breast then pulls on the nipple. I dig into her flesh with my teeth and she tugs harder. "Yes, faster baby!" I shout. 

The fucking gets harder and more forceful. "Yes, oh yes, fuck me!" she yells to you. Her eyes remain on mine as she continues to assault my nipple, forcing it harder. They are so sensitive now and her touch feels so damn good. My orgasm is rising fast; I hold back as long as I can. 

I reach over and pull her mouth to mine and we quickly explore each other again. "Mmmmm," she purrs. We both moan loudly in climax and our bodies shudder as you two drill into us, hard. Neither she nor I can catch our breath but continue our gasps into each other's mouths. I vaguely hear you two yell out in orgasm, thrusting harder yet. I'm not sure what phrases were said as I am lost in the mere taste of her mouth. I think his hand impressions will be on my hips for weeks to come.

I break our kiss and she releases my nipple. I look back and the two of you have big smiles on your faces, your chests heaving in mild exhaustion. The look I'm seeing on your faces tells me there may have been some sort of unspoken competition going on between you two. You exchange a knowing glance and grin ear to ear in victory. I think to myself we have all hit the jackpot. He quickly pulls out, pushes me onto the bed, rolls me over and spreads my legs wide then motions to her. Pure excitement has taken over every emotion on his face and in his body. I think he may just cum when she begins, but then again I might too. She pulls away from you and you take a place on the other side of the bed. You hold my legs open wide and start to caress it. Both of you are just standing, mouths gaping as she nears. The closer she gets to me, the harder the two of you get and the wetter I become. I hold my breath when she crawls between my legs, anticipating the extreme pleasure I will feel at her first lick.

She looks up at him and when he nods she kisses my inner thighs briefly then sticks her tongue right into my soaking hole. I watch as she laps up some of her man's cum and grins at him. He gasps, "Does it taste good baby?" She nods as he stands with his eyes glued to her mouth, his cock rock hard. 

I finally breathe and sink into the bed to enjoy this wonder. She licks the entire length of my wet lips, sucks on my clit then sucks on my hole. "Oh God baby, yes, tongue me!" I yell as I raise my hips, trying to get her tongue deeper. "Oh yes!" I whisper as I willingly surrender my body to her.

You let go of my leg and massage my breasts. Your eyes go from my face, to what she is doing, back to my face. I'm sure that all you see in my face is pure delight. She moans against my pussy and it sends chills through my entire body. "Oh yes, baby. That feels soooo good," I whisper to her. The only other sounds in the room are the sucking sounds she is making. "Oh God yes," I say a little louder.

She takes my clit in her mouth and sucks it softly. My hips rise on their own, pressing my wet pussy against her mouth. I feel you kissing my nipple now, trying to stay out of my view of her. I have to watch her; she looks so damn beautiful between my legs. You take my nipple in your mouth and nibble softly at first. I watch you for only a second. As my moans become louder, the harder you pull my nipple heightening my desires. He leans in and licks my clit to enjoy the taste with her. She presses her tongue deep inside me as he flicks at my clit, making me squirm. He takes it in his mouth and sucks it in and out really fast. This drives me wild and so close to orgasm. "Ooohhhh yes! Oh God, yes!" I shout. She senses the closeness and gives him a look that says 'go away'. He lets go and I am able to calm a little. I want this to last forever and apparently she does too! He licks softly at any and all exposed areas. 

She encourages him to take a place behind her. He protests and licks my clit again, wanting to stay and watch her pleasure me. She looks up at him with pleading eyes saying, "Please baby, I want you to fuck me while I lick her." His eyes light up at the mere thought of pleasing her. He licks a couple more times then kisses her forehead and takes his position behind her. 

She lifts up and winks at me, smiles and continues pleasuring me with her lovely mouth. I arch up to your mouth as you make my nipples rock hard, so damn sensitive. "Oh yes! So fucking good!" I moan and pull her head into me.

You stand back a little and watch her lick my pussy and drink her man's cum from me as you tweak my nipples. My hips are bucking at her face, encouraging her to go faster. Her man pushes hard into her and it sends her mouth pressing harder onto me. "Jeeeesus!" I shout. You know how fucking sensitive my nipples get and you are working them good. My body is almost thrashing around the bed, trying not to surrender to the orgasm that is coming hard. I hear him moaning behind her, gasping as I get closer. 

She sucks my clit into her mouth and shoves two fingers inside me. I moan and my hips thrust up to meet her. "Let it go baby," you whisper to me and take my nipple in your mouth again. I reach down and stroke your throbbing dick. I want it in my mouth, but I couldn't right now. 

Your tongue circles my nipple and your lips tweak it between them. Your other hand services my other nipple. "Oh God, yes," I yell in pure delight. 

She sucks my clit in and out of her mouth as she is being pushed hard into me by her man. "Yes baby, lick her good!" he commands as he tries to look over her head to see. My body thrashes on the bed and I have no choice but to surrender to my orgasm. She makes me feel so damn good. 

"Mmmm," you moan and lick your lips. I tense and thrust my hips up to her mouth; she holds on and continues to fuck me with her fingers. 

"Oh yeeeessssss, Oh FUCK yes!" I shout as the assault continues. My juices flow over her fingers and her mouth. My body shudders and I buck at her for more. She laps at my pussy, enjoying the taste of her man inside me. He pulls out of her and runs to the side of the bed, mouth wide open. My body continues to shake against you and her. She holds my legs firmly in place, wide open. He watches her revel in my taste and my eyes are fully focused on her beautiful mouth pleasuring me. She eases her pleasurable assault and licks the length of my wet lips. "Come here beautiful, I need to lick you," I whisper to her. She crawls to my head and goes to straddle me. "Turn around baby," I tell her. 

"Oh yes!" he says in awe. She grins and straddles my face doggie style. I reach up and grab her ass, pulling her dripping pussy down to my mouth. I watch as the lips get closer and closer to my lips. I sick my tongue out and wait for her to be close enough then reel her in with my tongue leading the way. I open my mouth and hear her gasp as I take in as much of her as I can. "Oh, fuck yes!" he says with enthusiasm as he watches me take her.

She lowers herself down and licks my clit softly. I encourage her to lie on top of me, and then turn us so we are lying side by side. I motion for you to get behind her and your eyes light up and you practically jump to the bed. You know I have always wanted to taste a woman while you fucked her, but I have to be able to see and taste and feel too. As you ease all the way into her, I take my tongue and lick your balls. "Oh God baby," you moan and press closer to her. I hold firmly to her ass and spread her cheeks apart so I can see all of you sinking into her. "Oh my God," I think to myself, "this is everything I have fantasized about!" 

I feel him crawl behind me and press into my body, his throbbing member pulsing between my ass cheeks. I lift my leg a little and feel him slide into me with his guidance. He breathes hard into my ear, "You feel so good!" He sucks my earlobe into his mouth sending chills through me. "Oh yes!" he exclaims as I imagine she just licked his balls. I smile and lick her wet lips down to your balls and suck each one into my mouth. I rub her clit as you remain motionless to fully enjoy the sensation. I feel your sac start to tighten and know you are so close. I work my way back up to her clit and hear her sweet moan of approval.

He slides into me a little faster, enjoying the dual sensations. Her continual moans act as a vibrator as she takes my clit in her mouth then tongues her way down to him. His breathing and moans become more frequent and his pace quickens. I can feel her lick me, then him, back and forth. His thrusts become more forceful as his excitement grows to new levels. I slide a finger into her dripping pussy along with your cock and feel you glide into her. Once lubricated enough, I reach down and shove it into your ass as deep as I can. You thrust harder into her, flopping your balls into my face. "OH FUCK, YEESSSS!" you moan as I bring you to the peak. I lick her faster and try to lap at your balls as they come at me. I shove my finger in and out of you faster, fucking you hard.

She reaches down and places two fingers firmly at the base of his cock, stroking him as he goes in and out of me. "Oh yessss, baby, oh yes!" he moans to her, to me. He thrusts harder into me. She sucks on my clit, bringing me to orgasm. I buck into her and back at him. My pussy squeezes him inside me, again and again. I moan loudly, mouth pressed against her. She bucks into me and tenses.

"Oh fuuuuucccckkk!"

"Oh, fuck yes!"

"Holy shit!"

"Oh, oh don't stop!"

"OH GOD! OH FUCKING HELL!"

I have no idea who said what, but the string continues as he thrusts hard into me and empties his balls. You thrust into her and I feel your ass tighten as I fuck it with my finger. You cum inside her and pull out just a little so I can have a taste too. I lap at her flowing juices and yours leaking from her. My God, the taste is amazing. He pushes into me harder as he unloads yet again. She licks my clit gently, lapping up both of our juices. We all lay relaxed, still in a tangled heap, breathless. "That was so amazing!" she shouts in awe, and the rest of us nod in agreement.

"I hate to leave baby, but we have to go," he says in a disappointed tone as he looks at his watch in disbelief.

I pat her ass then rub it gently. "We'll definitely have to do this again!" I say.

She leans up the best she can, looks at me and says, "Damn right we will. You two are coming to our house for dinner tomorrow night." She smiles and then says, "We have a pool too, no suit needed." She winks and licks her lips and I lean up to her to meet her mouth with mine. She purrs as I kiss her soft lips. "Call me Kitty," she says to me.

I smile and say, "Damn Kitty, you really taste good!"