 There's something to be said about nearly getting caught, especially by one's friends. Tonight's no exception, I'm sure of it, because while we're here at a friend's house, you have the exact same thing in mind as I do. That little boy smile you're giving me right now from across the living room grants me a hint as to what's on your mind. I don't need the hint though. I'd brushed past you several times while in and out of the kitchen and chuckled teasingly as you tried to be sly in your quick fondling. You take a deep pull from your beer, finishing it off. Then you clunk the empty bottle down on a side table and inch your way around the sofa, pretending to listen to what's going on around the coffee table. I finish up what's left of my stale glass of wine, making a mental note to myself not to bring cheap stuff anymore...or wear panties, for that matter. 

Everyone is pre-occupied with some sort of party game involving confessions and row after row of tequila shots, with plenty of groans, laughter and shouts of disgust. They talk of positions, of partners, of regrets, of taboos and dirty secrets. I shake my head at them. They have no idea. We sneak a glance at one another once more, this time with a definite signal. This is our game, and secret or not, we're already hooked. We've been that way for a long time now. 

You casually make your way over to the kitchen, tossing some sort of dry, inside joke to a few of the people at the table. One of them roars with laughter; another rolls his eyes in mock annoyance. After you've already entered the kitchen, I murmur a few words of sympathetic encouragement in our lovely, nervous hostess' ear as her guests push her into admitting what was the kinkiest position she and her husband had ever tried. Then, after I'm sure there's enough food and drink out for everyone, I make my way into the kitchen as well, swinging the door shut behind me.

You're there, leaning against the countertop with that smile. You've another beer in hand just in case, for appearance's sake, and probably for afterwards. You look good, blond hair rumpled, blue eyes twinkling in a mischievous smile, your full lips ready to eat. I sidle over to where you're standing and let my hand crawl down the front of your trousers. I stroke you roughly, feeling your cock tighten underneath my touch. I take the beer from you with my free hand and set it on the countertop. Then I pull your head down close to my own to brush my lips against yours. As I suck your lower lip between my lips and teeth, I unzip your fly and free you. My hand tugs at your cock, pulling at you up and down from the base. I trace light, slow circles along the head with my thumb, and you kiss me, long and slowly, letting your hands roam through my hair, now tangled between your fingers. 

I then break from our kiss to kneel and capture the head of your cock between my lips, cupping a hand gently around your scrotum. My other hand clasps tightly around the root. With every tingling, wet pull of my lips and tongue, I've one hand tugging you briskly up and down and the other delicately massaging your balls. Your breathing has become ragged with every tug, and your hands caress my head in heated rhythm. Just as I feel you suddenly tense up between my lips and hear your breathing peak, the kitchen door swings open. I freeze, absolutely unable to move, and you're, unfortunately in the same position. I don't turn around because I don't know what else to do. We've never been caught, and there's something so wickedly thrilling about this very moment. You know who's there, and as I release your cock from my mouth, my hands still grasping you, I look up at your expression. You're still breathing rapidly, it's verging on a pant. You've a blank look on your face, as if you really don't know what to think or what to do, but you don't look shocked or embarrassed. That surprises me. 

I stand up slowly, releasing you from my hold, and I turn around to see who our uninvited guest is. Our hostess is standing in front of the closed kitchen door, also unable to move from her spot. Her face and cleavage are painted in a rosy, sexy flush. Her mouth twists into a naughty smile as she reaches back behind her to make certain the door's tightly shut. 

You and I exchange a glance, utterly unsure of ourselves this time around. However, our hostess makes up for our uncertainty. She undoes the clasp that's holding up her lustrous auburn locks, letting her hair cascade like a coppery wave down her shoulders. She makes her way over to the two of us and squeezes herself in between so we're sandwiching her voluptuously soft body. Her back is facing you and she rubs her cushiony ass up and down your prick. You break out of your daze, instantly aroused. Your hands roam her front down to her supple breasts, squeezing them through her dress, molding them to your touch. She suddenly grabs my head in her hands and pulls me close, joining her lips with mine in a juicy kiss. Her tongue is frisky in my mouth as it licks and plays with my own. I reach underneath her dress, my hand groping and finding its target, hot and damp beneath my fingers. 

I release myself from her kiss to move down into a kneel in front of her. My eager hands find the elastic line of her thong and tug it downwards over her thighs and knees. She bends to step out of her thong and kick it aside. Now I've easy access to the dark, downy thatch between her thighs. You slide down a little from behind her and let your fingers caress along her thighs, gently prying them further apart. You fingers then spread her puffy lips wide open and circles her clit slowly, teasingly, invitingly to me. She lets out a breathy moan as I lock my mouth over her in an open-mouthed kiss, tonguing her musky, moist vaginal walls, flicking up and down. She suddenly pulls my head away from the valley between her ripe thighs and helps me up to my feet. I let her lead me over to the giant kitchen cart in the center of the room. You're not forgotten, however, as I take your hand as well and pull you along with us both, tossing you my best sultry smile over my shoulder. 

Our hostess pulls herself up on the cart so that she's seated upon it, her legs spread wide apart for me. Before I can make way over to her, you've grabbed me from behind and are reaching around me and underneath my skirt to remove my soaking panties. I help you out with anxious hands and toss them aside. You're already pulling me up from around my waist, your hardening cock rubbing firmly between my ass cheeks. I pull you along from behind as I reach our hostess and the steamy juncture between her thighs. 

My mouth resumes its hungry exploration of her cunt. I lick along the fleshy, taut edges of her vaginal opening, scooping her tart fluids, letting them cream over my probing tongue. As my tongue fucks her slowly, you lift me from behind and push your solid, probing cock into my achingly tender, scorching pussy. I moan against her clit, my breath sending a rippling shiver up through her. You stroke yourself into me in a slow, careful rhythm, and I resume my meal, sucking her hard, pointy little clit in between my lips. 

Your pace quickens and you pull roughly at my waist so that I'm bouncing against you. Your cock swells even further inside of me, and the head of your prick drums over and over against the sensitive spot that you know will have me crying out in no time. My pussy sucks tightly to you, my pungent juices coating your cock as you pump into me again and again. There's a burning pull in my pussy as you fuck me hard, causing me to whimper around our hostess' pulsing clit. I suck at her, tugging the little button with my teeth, my fingers ream her pussy, curving inside her and pumping into her rapidly, matching your rhythm as best as I can. I suck her clit harder, and she comes, breathing in tight, short gasps. Her body squirms on the cart, and her cunt twitches around my fingers. Then I feel the build-up, the pulsing, tingling explosion from deep inside of me, and the orgasm has me quivering all over, spreading up my pussy to my belly to my breasts, and my nipples throb and harden to tight, little nubs. You're there right behind me, your own orgasm ripping into you, your hot come soaking us both, dripping from between my ass cheeks. You hold me tightly from behind, gasping and rocking me back and forth, then you slide your limp cock out of me, drained and spent. My mouth and chin are covered in pussy juice. You turn me around to kiss it away from my lips and wipe it from my chin. 

Our hostess, still panting, slowly slides off the cart, pulling her dress down as she does. I pick up her hair clip and thong panties from the floor, handing them to her. I help her fix her hair into a neat twist, and she and I pull our panties back on as you tuck yourself back into your boxer briefs and zip yourself back up. 

We exit the kitchen, our hostess with a new tray of hors d'oeuvres she'd quickly gotten together and you with another six pack to pass around. I bring out, what else, another bottle of wine. And as we offer our goodies, you sitting in between two of your friends on the floor, me on the edge of the sofa, and our favorite hostess on her husband's lap, we share a quick smile from across each corner of the room. You and I especially, now that we know we've got a new player in our own secret game.