 Let me describe my wife. Tall.5'10". Buxom is the old fashioned term. Nice pair of 38D's and long full thigh legs. She's got an arse that goes with the thighs and a bit of a belly too. She is not the prettiest of ladies but she looks great to me still at 42. The best is her gorgeous ginger hair that she still wears long, halfway down her back. She scoops it into a loose bun when she needs it out of the way to work.

After just over 20 years married and two kids going off to uni we decided we needed to put a bit of spark back into our sex life. We had known each other about 3 years before we got married and had been a bit wild back then. We had a couple of 4sums with friends and once a party that turned into a bit of an orgy with around 15 people all playing together. That meant we had both seen each other with other people and now with the kids out of the way we thought that perhaps we could have some more of that kind of fun.

There was a bit of a fuss in the media around that time about dogging so we got intrigued and thought we would give it a try. I had heard about a place that was supposed to be a dogging spot so one Friday evening in late June we drove up there. It was parking for a forest area and was hidden from the road that went past by trees. A picnic area was off to one side with the usual table/bench units.

We arrived at dusk and found two other cars already parked. Having decided that easy access clothing was probably the best option Judy was wearing a mid thigh denim skirt and spaghetti strap top. Nothing else.

The two cars already parked were at opposite ends of one of the parking bays so we parked in the middle of the bay on the other side of the access road. There appeared to be one guy in each of the other two cars and despite the failing light they seemed to be checking us out. 

"You OK with this?" I asked and by way of an answer Judy grabbed my hand and rubbed over her already hard nipples.

"What do you think?" she said. I pulled my hand out of hers and put in on her leg. Slipping my finger up under her skirt she parted her legs a bit to give me access to her already damp cunt. She had shaved before coming out so her lips were smooth as I ran my fingers up and down causing her to give a sharp intake of breath when I found her clit already poking out of its hood.

"That feels so nice." I said while slipping two fingers into her. To make it a bit more obvious to the watchers I started kissing and nibbling her neck while moving my hands back to her tits but under the top.

"One of those guys is getting out of his car." she said.

"OK! Is he heading this way?" I asked.

"Not directly." she said. "He's sort of walking across but going towards the woods a bit. Ah no, he's sort of circling towards us now." The guy stopped a little way off and was obviously watching us but not getting too close just yet. I moved my face away from Judy's neck and looked towards him. He caught my eye and I jerked my head in a beckoning gesture. As he moved closer I turned the ignition on and powered the window down. He said nothing but got up to the window and stretched out his hand towards Judy's tits while giving me an enquiring look. By way of an answer i lifted Judy's top to uncover her tits.

"Oooh lovely!" he said reaching through the window to cup the nearest tit in his hand. Judy gave a low moan as he fondled her tit then gently pinched the nipple between his fingers. At this point footsteps announced the arrival of the guy from the other car. 

The first guy moved over a bit for him and said "Have a feel of these lovely tits."

"Love to." said the second guy reaching through the window. As he started to play with Judy's tits I heard another gasp from her and realised that guy 1 had slid his hand up her skirt. "Mmmmmm lovely wet cunt." I heard him say

I could hear "Oh, oh, oh!" from Judy so I reached over and pulled her skirt up to reveal two fingers working in and out of her cunt. I tucked her skirt back to keep it out of the way and reached down to rub Judy's clit.

She must have been pretty turned on because almost straight away I heard "Oh my god!" and she shuddered into a big cum.

As she came down from that she said "Stop a minute please. Let me get my breath back." We all pulled our hands away. "My god that was intense." she said. "Come on then guys. You've had a play so it's my turn now." She twisted in her seat to get both hands out of the window and fondled the bulge that had appeared in both of their trousers. Guy 2 was wearing sweat pants so she tugged the elastic waistband down to reveal a nice size cock and that he was commando. Judy wrapped her fingers around his hard cock and started a gentle wank which prompted a grunt of appreciation from the guy. Guy1 was undoing his belt and jeans. He let them drop and tugged his boxers down to reveal a cock that not very long but really thick. Judy took it in her other hand and started to wank him as well. She tugged them closer and leant out of the window to lick the head of each cock in turn. Then she started a slow BJ on guy 2 before moving to Guy1 for the same treatment. I reached around her to play with her tits as she sucked them, teasing her nipples with my fingers.

At this point we could hear another car approaching so a quick cover up was started but one of the guys said "It's OK he's a regular here" 

The other guy said "Do you fancy moving over to the picnic tables? It's easier to play there."

Judy looked at me so I said "Up to you love. If you're happy with that."

"OK!" she said "Let's give it a try." We both got out of the car and I walked round to her side and put my arm round her to walk across to the picnic area. She put her mouth up to my ear and whispered "I'm so turned on doing this. My pussy is soaking."

"I noticed." I said. "I'm hard as a rock watching you."

"I'll take care of that for you." she said.

"In a bit." I said. "I want to watch then play with you after them."

One of the guys she had been playing with had gone to his car on the way to the picnic area. He produced a large beach blanket. "Always bring this with me just in case." He said.He spread it over one of the tables and the two guys she had been playing with helped her up to sit on it. They both got their cocks out again and Judy started to wank them both. "Can I taste your pussy?" Guy 1 asked.

"Mmmmm that sounds good." was the reply and with that Judy lay back on the blanket. Guy1 crouched between her legs and put her thighs over his shoulders. After a brief lick and nibble up her left thigh he went straight to running his tongue up and down her smooth lips. We all watched as he parted her lips with his tongue and slid it inside.

"Ohhhhh yes" Judy gasped as he worked his tongue into her cunt.

He moved his tongue upward. "Ohhhhh fuck yes!" as his tongue found her clit. I moved to play with her tits again as I watched. Guy 3 appeared on the other side of the table with the same idea. Judy was bucking her hips as she was being tongued. "Fuck yes sooooo good" she almost screamed followed by "Gonna cum! Don't fuckin stop! AHHHHHHHHHH YEAHHHHHHH!" Guy 1 moved back with his face liberally covered in cunt juice. While he was cleaning himself up a bit Guy 2 stepped up and brought his cock up to her cunt. He positioned himself and pushed. Judy was so wet by this time that his thick cock went straight in until his pubes were mashed against her clit.

"Ooooh yes!" said Judy. "Fuck me hard" He willingly obliged, slamming his cock into her juicy cunt, obviously eager to unload in her. He only lasted a few minutes before a loud grunt announced that he was filling her with spunk. Judy, feeling him cumming in her, had another shuddering cum. Guy3, meanwhile, had moved to put his cock in Judy's mouth and she was giving him an enthusiastic blowjob.

Guy2 pulled his cock out followed by a large dribble of cum and Guy1 immediately stepped up and shoved his cock in to the hilt. He, too, started thrusting hard and fast to the accompaniment of loud squelching sounds from Judy's sloppy cunt. This one lasted a bit longer but only about 5 minutes before he, too, gave a grunt and shot his load into Judy's cunt. as he was pulling out Guy3 pulled his cock out of Judy's mouth and shot a large load all over her tits.

Judy looked so sexy lying there with spunk dribbling out of her cunt and running down her tits. I was rock hard watching all of this going on and I stepped between her legs and slid my cock into her wet, well fucked cunt.

"Did you enjoy that?" I asked her.

"Fuck yeah" she said. "How do you like my sloppy pussy?"

"Awesome!" I said "Sooooooo super slippery and hot. I'm so turned on it won't be long before you get another load."

I started ramming my cock into her dribbling cunt, feeling and watching spunk being forced out around my cock as I fucked her. It wasn't very long before I added my load to the two already in her.

I pulled out and a huge dollop of spunk came out of her cunt and rolled down between her thighs.

"That was awesome!" she said again with a giggle. "Now I feel really fucked."

One of the guys had thoughtfully gone back to his car and fetched a roll of kitchen towel for Judy to clean up with so she wiped up the spunk and we said goodbye and went back to the car.

"That was great fun." Judy said after we got in. "We have got to do this again.