 This is based on a TRUE story.

*

My wife and I had toyed with the idea of a threesome with another woman for years. Sometimes, it was just dirty talk while in bed. Other times, it went a bit further. For example, my wife went out drinking with her friends one time and returned home to tell me how she had almost convinced the waitress to join her. Several years of this led to us deciding to pursue this fantasy a bit more seriously.

Our first attempt to find another woman was through a well-known website devoted to adult personals. We had some luck, but not much. We did manage, however, to find one woman that met us out for drinks. It was an OK time, but there wasn't much chemistry. I think she was more open to the idea of a couple, than actually going through with anything. 

Our search continued on for another year, us occasionally looking on line for another woman. Needless to say, there were slim pickings. We had several replies, but none followed through with an actual meeting. That all changed when we replied to Sandy's Craigslist ad. The ad itself described her as a soft-butch lesbian that was interested in exploring with a male/female couple. She was a few years older than us, but definitely within our age range. It was posted for the nearest city to us, which meant at least an hour drive, but we were willing to travel, if necessary.

I didn't expect much from my first reply to the ad and was surprised that she responded. She sounded like she knew exactly what she wanted and we hit it off in our subsequent emails. She wasn't interested in anything long-term, which was fine for us. After a few emails, we asked if she wanted to meet for a drink. She agreed and suggested a gay bar in her city. My wife and I talked it over and decided to give it a go. We even prepared for things working out and brought a bagful of our favorite toys and a stack of condoms, just in case we ended up staying the night.

The drive to the city was exciting. We passed the time by talking about what she might look like and what to expect. My wife was convinced that Sandy was completely masculine and that I wouldn't find her attractive. I was more cautiously optimistic and figured that we'd have to wait and see. Before we knew it, we were there at the club.

It was still relatively early and the club was pretty empty. The bartender, an older man wearing leather chaps, gave us an odd look, but didn't say anything when we ordered. My wife and I grabbed a seat at one of the tables and waited. We received a few looks from the obviously gay couples that walked in, but were left alone. Finally, a woman strolled in alone and looked around. My wife turned to me and said, "That has to be her."

We called our her name and she walked over to our table and sat down. I took the opportunity to evaluate her as she walked. She definitely had some masculine qualities, but she wasn't completely butch, either. She had short dark hair and wore a baggy shirt, but her face was more than feminine. Her pants were more form-fitting than her shirt and the curvature of her rear was visibly noticeably. Overall, she was definitely attractive.

The conversation was surprisingly good. She was well educated and articulate. Our careers were also similar, giving the three of us common ground to discuss. I made sure that everyone's glasses were full and headed back to the bar for refills a few times. We probably talked for two hours before the conversation began to hit a lull. I don't remember who made the suggestion, but everyone agreed that we should head to a place more intimate.

The plan was simple: we'd follow Sandy to pick up some alcohol and then head to one of the local hotels. We first stopped at a nearby gas station and headed for the coolers, but the attendant at the counter said that city law stopped sales after nine. It was the first time that I was able to see Sandy in the light. She was in shape, from what I could tell, and was more feminine than my first impression of her. Sandy then suggested we try another liquor store that was just outside of the city limits, so we hopped back in our cars and headed there. After procuring alcohol, we then headed to one of the hotels just off of the highway.

I was hit with a wave of excitement and nervousness as we walked into the hotel. I took the lead and approached the clerk to get a room for us, while my wife and Sandy waited behind me. The clerk asked if I wanted a room with a king-sized bed or two doubles. I opted for the king size and then wondered if she knew what was going on. If she did, she didn't say anything and gave me the key cards with a polite smile. The three of us headed to the room in silence.

We finally arrived at the room, six-packs in hand. It was definitely an awkward mood. I don't remember exactly what we talked about, but the conversation was dulled from what it had been at the bar. It was a tsunami of nervousness, coupled with excitement. Each of us chugged several beers in a matter of minutes, even thought it had felt like hours.

The conversation turned to logistics, now that we had a bit of liquid courage in us. How should we start thing off? Did the girls want to begin, while I just watch? Eventually, it was decided that all of us should get onto the bed and undress each other. This was it; it was finally going to happen.

We sat on the bed in a circle, taking turns with two people caressing the third. We were no longer nervous; our desires had taken over. Four hands caressed each body as we rotated our attention to each person.

My wife, beautiful as ever, was the first to be naked. Always the more outgoing of us, she stripped off her own shirt and bra in no time. Most men would die to touch her smooth skin. Sandy and I each played with one of my wife's perfect B-cups. We competed as rivals to stimulate my wife, our tongues each caressing a nipple of their own. My wife moaned in ecstasy. She raised Sandy's head and passionately kissed her. After kissing, my wife did her trademark expression of biting her lower lip and smiling.

Sandy's turn was equally exhilarating. Her feminine form hid behind layers of clothes intended to hide it, like a present waiting to be unwrapped. Her baggy shirt opened to reveal a surprisingly large chest, easily C-cups. Her body also revealed other surprising characteristics, like the tattoo on her back. Her armpits were unshaven, giving her form an exotic appeal. Removal of her bra revealed another feature that would stand out in my memory: her areolas were very large, taking up far more of her breasts than my wife's did. She removed her pants and panties in one motion, the tufts of her naturally hairy pussy faintly noticeable in the dim light. My hand instinctively reached between her legs and gently probed her folds. To my surprise, she was already quite wet.

I was the last to be stripped. Both women felt along my legs until reaching my already-hard cock, stroking it through my pants. The feeling was incredible. My wife seemed to take the lead over Sandy's nervousness, probably due to her familiarity with my body. I reached out and caressed the breasts of both women, my wife in my left hand and Sandy in my right. I felt like a king. My pants were soon unbuttoned and I was left wearing only my t-shirt.

"Have you ever had sex with a guy before?," my wife asked Sandy.

"No," Sandy replied, flatly.

"I think you're going to like it," my wife said, "He's an incredible lover." With that, the decision had been made: I was going to fuck Sandy first. 

Sandy laid on her back, her legs spread before me. My wife tore open a condom and unrolled it onto my shaft and squeezed my balls afterwards. Then she slid one of our favorite toys over the condom: a cock ring that held a miniature vibrator on top. She turned it on, vibrating my pubic bone and sending subtle shock waves down my shaft. At last, I was ready. 

My wife guided my cock to the entrance of Sandy's hairy pussy. This was the final moment to turn back, I thought, but the desire was too strong. I gently raised Sandy's legs and positioned my cock to enter her hairy pussy. There was no friction; her pussy was dripping. It enveloped my entire cock on the first thrust. Sandy grunted in a way that made her sound almost masculine. 

We soon got into a rhythm. I slid my cock out slowly and quickly thrust it back into her. Sandy let out a deep grunt on each thrust. After thrusting, I would pause for a second to let the vibrator do its magic on her clit. Sandy moved her hips in a way that could only be described as awkward, as if she wasn't sure how to react to the foreign invader penetrating her. My wife took turns playing with Sandy and I. Her hand caressed Sandy's large areola. I reached out and squeezed Sandy's other breast, without breaking rhythm. We did this for a few minutes before my wife turned her attention to my balls. She always loved playing with my balls during sex. The only difference was that this time, my cock was inside a different pussy.

"What does she feel like?," my wife asked.

"Great," I replied. "I love the way her tight pussy grips my dick," not really thinking about what I was saying.

"You think I'm tight?," Sandy asked, in between grunts. She had a smirk that was barely visible in the dim light. She was right: her juices were everywhere. We returned to fucking without another word.

Maybe a minute after our brief dialog, Sandy arched her back in the tell-tale convulsions of an orgasm. I'm still not sure if it was her first of the night or if I hadn't noticed them until now because I had been lost in my own world. The spasms of her pussy brought be back to reality in that moment, though. 

I lost track of time. The alcohol, combined with the condom, had dulled the sensation of fucking somewhat, delaying my own orgasm. It was clear, though, that both women were anxious to move on to other things. 

"That's it.," my wife said, as she returned to playing with my balls. "Shoot your load into her. I want you to fill her pussy."

My wife's dirty talk was enough for me. I began to pound Sandy's pussy like a fiend, no longer pausing to touch the vibrator to her clit. Sweat beaded on my forehead. Finally, my cock twitched slightly and I could feel the pressure begin to build. I continued pounding until I couldn't hold back any longer.

I gripped Sandy's hips and thrust my cock all the way into her and held it there as my cock erupted. My wife, still playing with my balls, gently squeezed while they emptied themselves. My cock twitched during every spurt and it seemed as if it would never stop. I worried for a split second that the condom would burst, but my orgasm finally subsided. I paused for a moment and lightly ran the backs of my index and middle fingers down Sandy's cheek. She smiled up at me as she caught her breath.

Reluctantly, I withdrew my cock from Sandy's sopping pussy and turned off the vibrator. I unrolled the condom. Luckily, it was still intact, althought it felt like a water balloon. I looked down again to take in Sandy's silhouette as I knelt between her legs, my cock just inches from her hairy slit. I realized at that moment how wet she had been: her juices covered me from my stomach to the middle of my thighs. I knelt there, mesmerized by the moment. The smell of sex filled the air. Not surprisingly, my cock remained rock-hard, despite having just cum.

My wife, still to my side, noticed my cock right away. Her hand reached down and stroked it, as she said, "it looks like it's still hungry." She then turned to Sandy and said, "My turn."

We quickly changed positions. My wife laid on her back next to Sandy and I repositioned myself between her legs. I went to work, plunging my cock straight into my wife's pussy. My wife's pussy was a contrast to Sandy's. Her pussy was trimmed and nowhere near as wet as Sandy's had been. The friction was fantastic, but I knew that it was just an appetizer. Her pussy always gets more than wet after a few thrusts. Of course, my wife was on the pill, so I wasn't wearing a condom, also explaining some of the difference.

Sandy's attention turned to my wife. She rolled over and kissed my wife, their tongues intermingling. As they kissed, Sandy's hand cupped my wife's breast and began to knead my wife's tit. My wife looked like she was in ecstasy. 

We continued like this for a while before my wife suggested that we change positions. Her favorite position has always been laying side-by-side, with me behind her. According to her, my cock hits her G-Spot perfectly when we're in that position. My wife rolled over to face Sandy, while I laid down on the bed. They continued to squeeze each other's tits while I repositioned myself.

I lifted my wife's top leg with one hand and used my other hand to guide my cock back into her. It slid in easily and I continued my thrusting. Sandy reached down between my wife's legs and rubbed her clit. My wife let out a gasp as she came. It felt like she was having a seizure. 

My wife's orgasm was enough to send me over the edge. I didn't think I could even cum again after blowing as much as I did with Sandy, but I was wrong. My cock twitched as it shot several loads into my wife's pussy. We stayed in that position until our orgasms subsided.

The look on Sandy's face while my wife orgasmed was telling. It was clear that my wife's pleasure was taken as a challenge to her. I remember thinking that it made sense: Sandy probably had been used to being the dominant lover. One thing was clear: she was now determined to show me up.

"Why don't the girls have some fun while you watch us?" Sandy asked. Truth be told, I looked forward to having a bit of a break. 

"Hold on," my wife said, "I want to put on my underwear." She crawled off the bed and fumbled in the darkness for her discarded clothes. Sandy and I watched her silhouette slip one leg and then the other through her panties. "OK," she said, as she climbed back onto the bed.

Sandy took over, kissing my wife and leaning her backwards. The image of another woman on top of my wife is still vivid in my mind, even today. They kissed, while Sandy played with my wife's breasts. Eventually, her hand reached down between my wife's legs. 

"I like it over my underwear," my wife said. I wondered if she said this because we hadn't used a condom. By now, my cum was probably leaking out of her. Sandy, however, obliged her request and continued to finger my wife.

Eventually, Sandy began moving down my wife's body, kissing her breasts and stomach on the way down. She reached my wife's pussy and began playing with it through her underwear. The sight of it was too much to just watch. I sat up and began to play with Sandy's tits while she was on all fours between my wife's legs. Not missing a beat, Sandy reached backwards and began to play with my dick. It responded immediately and was soon rock hard, again.

I decided at that moment that I wanted more than a secondary hand job. I crawled across the bed and retrieved another condom from the nightstand. The girls were lost in their own world and didn't even seem to notice that I had moved. I tore open the package and unrolled the condom onto my dick. I then returned to where the girls were on the bed and positioned myself behind Sandy.

I reached down between her legs and felt her hairy bush until I found her slit. With the other hand, I rubbed my dick up and down along her entrance. I did this for a minute or two before plunging my dick into Sandy's pussy. She wasn't nearly as wet as she had been, but her pussy still swallowed my cock with ease.

I pounded Sandy from behind while she played with my wife. It was another moment that I still remember vividly from that night. I took in the sight of it. First, I watched my cock slide in and out of Sandy's heart-shaped bottom. Then, I worked my vision up her back, the sides of her breasts bulging outward beneath her. After that was the back of her head, her short haircut surrounded by my wife's thighs. Beyond that was my wife's flat stomach and then her breasts. Finally, my vision arrived at my wife's beautiful face. Her eyes met mine and we smiled at each other as we enjoyed the moment.

We continued in this position for a time until my wife lifted Sandy's head from her nether region, indicating that Sandy didn't need to continue. My wife has always been a bit like a stereotypical guy: once she's orgasmed, she's ready to go to bed. I'm sure the alcohol didn't help, either. I knew at that moment that our threesome was nearing the end. For my own part, I continued to pound away at Sandy.

My wife, realizing that my cock still needed release, crawled up beside me and said, "Here, why don't you lay down and we'll take care of you?" She gently nudged my shoulders backwards, towards the bed. I pulled out of Sandy and complied. My wife then laid down next to me and gripped my hard cock, as if she were assessing the situation.

"Why don't you ride him?," my wife asked Sandy, who had turned around towards us. 

"That's OK," Sandy replied. She seemed slightly annoyed that my wife had pulled the plug before reaching climax again, but was still playful enough to continue.

My wife reached out and grabbed Sandy's hand, drawing it to my cock. It was as if my wife were trying to show her the dilemma. Sandy gripped my cock, comprehension slowly setting in. I wondered to myself if she had ever held a cock before mine. My wife reached down and peeled the condom off of my dick, indicating that a hand job was to be the crescendo for the night. Sandy curled up beside me, across from my wife. 

"Like this," my wife said, as she moved her hand up and down my cock. Sandy's hand followed suit. "Now use your other hand like this," she said. Her other hand pressed down on the base of my cock and my balls, while her other hand continued to stoke my shaft. Sandy again followed my wife's directions and four hands began working me to orgasm.

"Aren't penises fun?" my wife asked Sandy. 

"They're different, but I think I like them," she replied, as they continued to stroke my cock.

Eventually, the telltale signs of orgasm struck. Pressure began to build in my balls and my cock tightened up. I tried to hold back the pressure to prolong the moment, but it was no use. My cock erupted like a volcano, shooting what little of a load I had left into the air and over the girls' hands. Unlike masturbating or even sex itself, the girls continued stroking, even as I came. It was excruciating bliss. I bucked my hips upward while my cock twitched over and over.

"Are you good, too?" my wife asked. "Yeah," I managed to say, as my orgasm subsided.

What came next was the awkward parting of ways. We invited Sandy to stay and sleep with us, but she said that she had to work the next morning. We each got dressed in silence. Sandy seemed anxious to be on her way. After she left, my wife and I curled up together and were both asleep a few minutes later. The next morning, we talked about it on the car ride home and decided that it had been much different than both of us had expected, but still was an amazing experience.

Every so often, my wife will reference our night with Sandy while making love. She'll say thing like, "Fuck me, like you fucked that lesbian." It never fails to turn me on even further. She's even suggested several times that we find another woman for a threesome, but I seem to think it was a once-in-a-lifetime type of event. Either way, it was an experience to remember and I owe it all to my beautiful wife.