 Chapter 1

I suppose the title of my story could be, "I Married a Bisexual," but while that's true, there's more to the story than just that.

Yes, my wife, Robin, is a bisexual. She's had sex with males and females, well, female, singular, and that would be her oldest friend, Renee. And, she's done so consensually and with complete enjoyment. I knew all about it and really didn't care particularly if she had had sex with Renee or if she continued to as long as I had my share of her beautiful body as well.

I can understand that she and Renee date back to before I met Robin, when they started being sexual with each other. Renee, like Robin, is a very attractive woman, both are blonds, both are about five-five, about the same weight, even their figures are similar, Robins boobs are C-cup and she's told me Renee's are B's. But, either one is very attractive.

Now, Renee is also bisexual, she usually dates guys, I guess, she actually always dates guys. Robin tells me that they are really only bisexual with each other. There are no other girls or women that they've been involved with. Robin even told me they shared two boyfriends as seniors in high school, I guess that must have been somewhat unusual but, then, Robin and Renee are both unusual women.

When Robin told me about the boyfriend threesomes they had in high school, I must admit, I got an instant erection, I know both these women and, as girls, they must have been ferocious in bed. I know Robin is, she's a tiger, in fact, I do travel sometimes and am gone for a week, sometimes more, and when I get home, I can tell you the first thing as I come in the door is being taken right to bed by my wife. We start with me giving her oral sex then I fuck her until I cum. After dinner, it's early bedtime and we fuck again. Yes, she loves sex.

Then, one evening, she asked me what I was thinking of for our first anniversary.

"Gee, I dunno, it's still three weeks away, maybe a nice dinner, say, Pepe's, we both like French food, and then, oh, maybe a show or dancing."

"And after we get home?" she asked with a grin.

"Well, I plan to fuck my wife silly."

"Good answer, Dave, good answer. Think you could give me a preview, say, right now?" and she stood up and pulled me up and led me to our bedroom where we spent about four hours before we turned out the light.

Then, on our anniversary, luckily on a Friday night so we could sleep late the next morning, we had a wonderful dinner at Pepe's Bistro then out for dancing after.

On the way home, she reached over and rubbed the growing bulge in my pants anticipating things to come, then pulled down my zipper and wrangled me out and began rubbing me up and down.

"Hon, I don't have autopilot, you know" and she said, "Move your seat back some." Well, I had a good idea of what was on her mind so I reached down and pressed the button moving the seat back several inches. She undid her seatbelt and lay across and began sucking me as I drove. We were only a few miles from home and when I turned off the ignition and hit the button to close the garage door, she raised up, smiled and kissed me softly on the lips.

"More upstairs, come on," and we got out and went up to our bedroom, my cock still sticking out of my pants.

"You still gonna fuck me silly tonight, I hope?"

"Oh, yeah, see this, it's all nice and ready," I said pointing at my damp cock. Robin was a pleasure to fuck because she enjoyed it so much, she really got into it, just got overtaken by her orgasms which were, typically, very strong and wild. She was very vocal and enthusiastic, you knew she could never fake what was happening to her.

"Mmm, yes, it really looks ready," she said as she knelt down and resumed sucking me as I petted her cheek. Of all the girls and women I've had suck me, she is the master, she loves to lick circles around the tip until I'm about crazy then she can take long, hard sucks up and down to finish me off. She's the best. But, she soon stands back up, I think she's got other plans for my first load of cum.

I began unzipping her dress and pulling it up off her revealing her standing there in a garterbelt, stockings and a lowcut bra, no panties. I knelt down and kissed the bare slit, then licked the moisture off. I parted her labia with my fingertips and licked all around her clit as she stood there moaning softly.

"Oh, Dave, mmm, you know what I love, don't you? Mmm, I love you so much."

She pulled me up and kissed me hard, her tongue swirling in and out of my mouth, her arms pulling me tight. Then, she reached around back and unhooked her bra which fell to the floor. I stepped back to look at her and exclaimed, "No panties all through dinner and when we were dancing? You slut, you."

"I was hoping you'd give me a grope up my dress but you never did."

"I'll never let that opportunity go by ever again, for sure."

Then, she reached over to her sidetable drawer and pulled out a scarf and held it in front of my face dangling down.

"I have a surprise for you, turn around," which I did as she tied the scarf around my head as a blindfold.

I heard a match strike, then the aroma of scented candles as the light switch clicked, I suppose turning off the lights. I figured she must have gone out and bought some sexy, maybe, real slutty, even, new clothes for me to take off her, though I must say the garterbelt and stockings were pretty nice already.

"Just setting the mood, Dave," she said as she stood next to me and began taking my clothes off starting with my tie and shirt. After I was barechested, I felt her soft hands on my chest, her fingers slowly circling my nipples, tickling the hairs there. Then just the softest fingertip rubbing lightly on the tip of each nipple.

I never thought much about nipples except for girls and women. Their nipples I pay a lot of attention to, my own I really never think about but this light grazing was killing me, it was so erotic, so arousing. I was hard as a rock.

"Hold completely still, Dave, don't move or it won't be as good."

Then, I felt my belt loosen and be tugged through the belt loops followed by my shoestrings being untied. I lifted each leg as my shoes, then socks were tugged off and then felt the button on my waistband loosen. My zipper was, of course, already down from earlier fun in the car and my cock was still sticking straight out, waiting and hoping for a wonderful night ahead.

Then, I felt her breath on my left ear as she whispered, "Just a sec, don't move."

The next thing I heard was the bed, she must be getting on the bed, the sheets were being moved. Then, my pants were being lowered down to my ankles as I felt her hair brush along my thigh making my cock twitch excitedly. A hand lifted each leg up out of my pantlegs and I stood there in my boxers with my cock out in the cool bedroom air.

I was standing as still as I could when I felt a pair of soft, wet lips encircle the head of my cock and being sucking gently and slowly.

"Oh, you tease, you," I whispered as the sucking began increasing my breathing and heart rate.

Then, her hand put my cock inside my boxers which were dragged down my hips to the floor. Her hands gently moved me to our bed where she pushed me down into a soft pile of pillows.

"Just lay still and enjoy this," she said softly as I felt the bed move.

Then, the lushness of her lips sliding over the head of my cock, down my shaft then sucking me up and down as I felt her breath coming from her nostrils onto the skin around my groin, oh, it was wonderful. I always loved getting sucked by Robin, she gave so much to it.

Then her mouth went all the way down on me, the tip of my cock down in her throat, something that she had never been able to do before without gagging. Then rising slowly, her lips tight around my cock, her tongue flicking back and forth over the sensitive part right under the head, over and over.

I reached down, wanting to feel Robin's naked body only to have my hand slapped away. Her sucking was so good, just so erotic, that I wanted to moan to let her know just how wonderful she was making me feel.

"Mmm, mmm, oh, Robin, you are better than ever, just awesome. Oh, mmm."

I just lay there, my cock being pleasured to the greatest heights, my heart beating a mile a minute, my breathing like I'd just run five miles, oh, it was so good. Her mouth felt so soft and velvety it was heaven.

Then, she went down on me hard again, deepthroating me which she had never done before, and I lay there moaning as she did it over and over.

Her sucking pace began to pick up, going a little faster and faster, now making wet, slurping sounds as she sucked me, going fast up and down on the top three inches of my cock, then plunging down, taking in all my cock, the tip tight down in her throat. Then, back up, several short fast sucks and then plummeting back down all the way, just doing it over and over.

Robin had sucked me many times, she's really wonderful, but this time, she's just fantastic. I was poised to cum and cum in a big, big way. She wasn't touching me with her hards or any other part of her body, just her mouth and my cock as she worked her magic. Then, it hit.

"UUNNGH, UUNNGH, uuh, uuh," I moaned and panted as I erupted over and over, spewing my semen, first, into her throat, then into her mouth as she moved upward and sucking me fast until I was totally spent.

I lay there, panting hard, just completely drained, awash in the afterglow of her intense oral lovemaking to my delirious cock. As I lay there slowly descending from the heights I had been taken to, I felt the bed move and then felt Robin lay down beside me.

"Did you like that, Dave," she asked as she moved her hand over my chest and stomach as my heart beat madly underneath.

"Oh, did I, it was spectacular, just the best."

Chapter 2

Then, as I felt the blindfold being pulled off, Robin said, next to me, "Then, you need to thank her, then," as she nodded down to the lower end of the bed. I raised up and there was Renee, my wife's lover from high school, smiling up and me.

Robin bent over me with a kiss, then, "Happy Anniversary, Dave, you get us both," and Renee crawled up and, one on each side, they hugged me, their hands all over me as they both kissed me. Yes, my cock was beginning to rise to the occasion.

I pulled Renee to me, kissed her, my tongue swirling in her mouth as she fondled my cock, the cock she had so wonderfully sucked just a few minutes before. As I broke off my kiss, I told her, "That, sweetheart, is for a fantastic head job, You are so good."

"Well, it was great fun for me with you thinking it was Robin sucking your cock. The look on your face when she took off the blindfold, oh, it was good."

Robin lifted up my happy, contented, but semi-floppy cock and said to Renee, "Well, we'll just have to keep ourselves busy while Dave's cock comes back to life. Shall I do you, my dear?" and Renee laid down and my wife got up between her legs and began to lick all around Renee's shaved pussy.

I lay there next to Renee who was kindly playing with my cock as my wife ate her out so I figured I'd make myself useful and I leaned over and began sucking Renee's right nipple. I was watching Robin's wonderful tonguing of her friend as Renee put her feet up and crossed her ankles behind Robin's neck.

They really did look hot, the two of them, and as I watched them, and as Renee played with me, I began to feel my cock begin to regain its interest in the two naked women so nearby.

"Mmm, oh, Robin, mmm, aah, right there, honey, oh, yeah. ummm, right there," I heard out of Renee as she continued playing with my favorite body part. I was still sucking her boob as I felt her begin to tremble and jerk, "UUUH, AAAH, aaah, aah, uuh, oh, oh, mmm, oh, Robin, mmm, come here," as she reached down and pulled Robin up and began kissing her over and over.

I got up out of the way as they embraced and kissed each other tonguing, rubbing each other's bodies against each other, just trying to make each other feel good.

In a minute, Robin leaned over and kissed me, her face and mouth still wet with Renee's juices, as she reached for my cock which, after all this, was now rather interested in joining in the festivities.

"Oh, Renee, his cock is hard. I want Dave to fuck you, okay. He's a great fuck, you'll love him."

So, Renee spread out as I got up between her legs and I aimed at her well-lubricated and aroused pussy. She reached down to grip me and guided me in as I pressed forward pushing my cock into her. As I was penetrating her girlfriend, Robin got up backward over Renee's head and lowered her pussy over her face and dropped down until she felt her tongue lapping across her pussy.

As I fucked Renee, I got to watch Robin smearing her pussy all over Renee's open mouth back and forth, back and forth. I lifted up Renee's ankles and hoisted them up as I knelt before her stroking my cock in and out of the opening between her outspread legs. Then I looked up and saw Renee's tongue up out of her mouth as Robin moved up and down over it, fucking her pussy with it over and over as Renee lay there each hand pinching her nipples. She was sure enjoying everything, from the look of it and from the moaning coming from her.

Then, Robin exploded in a massive orgasm, "UUHN, UUHN, UH, UH, OH, OH, mmm, oh, my pussy, mmm," and she began slowly rubbing her wet pussy around and around Renee's face, moaning on and on.

As I held Renee's legs high, I inserted the tip of my cock between her pussy lips and began taking little 'mini-strokes' in and out of her, just moving only an inch or two, it's a favorite of Robin's, she loved these strokes along the most sensitive part of her pussy so I decided to try it out on Renee. As I started, Robin was getting up off Renee whose face was completely coated with my wife's juices.

As I gave Renee these short little fucks, she responded by moving her hips around, just like Robin did whenever I fucked her the same way.

"Mmm, I like that, Dave, that's nice," she said as she continued to move her hips under me. "Ohhh, that's gonna make me cum, oh, yeah, keep doing that, it's fabulous, oooh."

Well, it was feeling pretty fabulous to me, as well. I loved this short-fucking, too, because it really stimulated the tip of my cock where it's so sensitive. I knew it wouldn't be long for me, either.

"Oh, Dave, oh, yes, OOOH, OOOH, mmm, mmm, oh, that feels good, so good, mmm."

Robin was sitting cross-legged on the bed finger-fucking herself as she watched me fuck Renee. I kept doing the little short stroking that Robin and I had always enjoyed and it soon put me over the top.

"UUNG, UUH, uuh, uuh," I moaned as I pushed all the way into Renee, emptying my cum deep inside her as she raised her hips off the bed and shook her hips back and forth adding to the pleasure of my cumming.

I fucked in and out of her a few minutes more, then pulled out and we all three snuggled on the bed.

We must have fallen asleep because the next thing I knew, Robin was laying on her back and Renee was between her legs eating her pussy. I got up and knelt between Renee's legs and put my cock up to her pussy as she lifted up off my wife for long enough to say, "Oh, yes, Dave, fuck me, honey, happy anniversary," and went right beck to sucking my wife's pussy.

Renee was so wet, so hot, that my cock slid right up into her. Gliding in and out of her was almost effortless, she was super slippery inside, I just moved back and forth.

The bed started quaking as Robin began humping and groaning, "UHHN, oh, Renee, oh, right there, oh, OH, OOOH, OOOH, mmm, mmm."

I started going a little faster as Renee was now twirling her butt around just adding to the wonderful feel of her pussy as I probed her in and out. Her head was still down between Robin's legs, I expected she was just licking her softly until I got her off.

Her nice hips provided me with just the right handholds as I fucked her from behind, taking long strokes, actually coming all the way out of her, then slipping back down between her swollen pussy lips down deep inside where I pushed as she wiggled back and forth. By pulling all the way out, I then slid my so sensitive cock head back in which just felt so good when I did it. This was gonna make me cum and big.

I kept going in and out of her, she was moaning more now, and I knew I was going to cum any minute now.

Then, Renee lifted up her head and said, "Oh, Dave, push hard, push deep, baby, hard," and I did just that as she wiggled around and started to yell, "AYYYEE, AYYEE, UUH, UUH, uuh, mmm, mmm, oh, Dave, mmm, fuck me, fuck me," and right at that point, I went in and out of her faster and faster, my cock spurting its cum all along inside her, even some of it being squeezed out around her pussy lips as I fucked her.

"Oh, Dave, mmm, that was wonderful. Oh, my pussy is such a happy girl."

At that point every cock and pussy in the room was happy, very happy and we all decided to go to sleep with me in the middle. It was a somewhat restless night's sleep with one hand or another on my cock most of the night but I could always catch up another time.

Robin was the one that woke me up the next morning, kneeling over me, licking the tip of my cock. She knows that'll always get my attention.

"Mmm, oh, hon, that's nice. What a lovely way to wake me up."

She sat up and said, "Well, Renee's got to leave this morning and I think you should give her a nice 'thank you' fuck before she has to go." Renee was laying on her side, up on one elbow smiling at me, waiting, it seemed.

"I'd love to, now, just how would you like this, Renee? Any favorite position?"

"I haven't done 'reverse cowgirl' in a while. I always like doing it that way," and she swung up over me facing backward as Robin held my cock and Renee lowered back down on it then began rocking back and forth, facing away from me. It was perfect for me to rub her lovely butt cheeks as I lay there being wonderfully fucked by my wife's lover. Now my lover, too, I suppose. Robin got up between my calves facing Renee and rubbed her boobs as her pussy pleasured me. Oh, it was nice.

Renee left about an hour later, a nice warm load of my cum deeply tucked away up inside her as Robin and I planned out the rest of our day over breakfast. We decided on two more fucks and oral sex for each of us. It would be an anniversary that seemed hard to top but Renee has come back to visit for birthdays and anniversaries ever since. She's just part of the family. It wouldn't be the same without her.