 Please let me know your thoughts about this story. Thanks.

All individuals in this story are over the age of 18. 

*****

"Jimmmyyy!"

I heard Silka's (pronounced with a Z) voice long before I saw her weaving through the crowd at the receiving hall of our local airport. She then ran full speed toward my wife and me and jumped up into my arms and gave me a big kiss right on the lips. Maybe there was a hint of tongue, but I was so startled that I couldn't be sure. She slid down and turned to my wife and gave her a big girl-hug and a kiss on the cheek.

"You must be Anne. I haf heard zo much about you. Jim is a lucky man, dat's for sure." She then grabbed my hand in hers and slid between us, holding Anne's hand as well and we three walked down the corridor to the baggage claim area together. She chatted all the way to the claim area, indulging Anne and me with the stories of her long flight from the old country. Once we found her bags we made our way to the car and headed to home.

Silka was the younger sister in my exchange family when I was a senior in high school. I applied to a program and spent a year overseas with a wonderful family in Sweden. My age appropriate "sibling" was a bit of a moody fellow named Nils and Silka was his younger sister by about eight years. At the time I basically ignored her although she seemed very friendly with me. I understand now she was quite smitten with me, but what eighteen-year old guy wants anything to do with a ten-year old girl? 

During the year I met a local Swedish girl Alva and was quite taken by her. Once I returned to the US I basically never heard from Alva again, but every once and awhile Silka would write a letter bringing me up to date on the family and her progress through school. She eventually went to the University in Stockholm and majored in literature and linguistics. Later she seemed quite happy to work with their foreign service but was fairly mum on her personal life. Rarely she would mention a boyfriend, but nothing seemed ever to last.

When I was in my late twenties and she was in her early twenties I visited the old village and my "parents" from my year abroad. I had a wonderful time reminiscing and recall that Silka dropped by one evening, although Nils never came by to visit. She seemed glad to see me and after we settled down for the night she came in to my bedroom and chatted for quite some time. I remember how she was dressed in a thin, clinging robe with a plunging neckline and seemed quite comfortable with her body. I could see up her thighs nearly all the way and she did not appear to be embarrassed by my obvious stares at her thighs. When she went to bed she gave me a very warm and long hug goodnight hug, so much so that I had to turn away from her to hide my growing erection.  

Unfortunately she had to return to Stockholm the next morning for her work and so we never got to really spend a lot of time together. In spite of that her letters would still come occasionally and they became surprisingly more personal. She would go on and on about her personal life and how she was frustrated by the men that she met. I got the idea she was sexually involved with some of them, but she always seemed to be dissatisfied with each situation. I would respond with encouraging words but I really could not give her real advice from so far away.

In my early-thirties I met and married Anne. She knew all about Silka and even would read the letters from her when they occasionally hit the mailbox. She hinted that we should invite Silka for a visit but I was not particularly inclined to do so. 

So a couple years drifted by until a letter from Silka arrived one Wednesday afternoon. In it she described being lonely, unhappy with her job and a bit depressed with the loss of both of her parents within 6 months of each other. Though I felt sorry for her it was Anne who said we really had to invite her for an extended vacation. I reluctantly agreed, fearing that to have a depressed person in the house could be a bummer for all. Almost immediately after the invitation was sent a response came to me via text. She was delighted for the invitation, planned on quitting her job and would be arriving sometime within three weeks.

Anne and I did a rush job on fixing up the guest bedroom, which really had become a tiny office and storage room over the years. The room was down the hall from our bedroom and would offer her a bit of privacy. We each also blocked off several weeks of well-deserved vacation for the initial time she was scheduled to visit. So it was with these preparations that we went to pick her up from the airport.

After we picked Silka up Anne insisted on sitting in the back seat and let Silka ride up front. She was obviously excited to be here and as we drove around and showed her the sights, she oohed and aahed at some of them while occasionally placing her hand on my right thigh. There seemed to be nothing sexual with her touching me and certainly Anne could see everything from her seat right behind us. Once we got home she started to fade from the jet lag and we had a quick meal and sent her off to bed. 

Right before she turned in she came out to the den wearing a thin, thigh-high T-shirt and apparently nothing else. She gave Anne a big hug and thanked her for the invitation and then gave me a similar, if a bit longer, hug before she went to bed. In only a few minutes we could hear the deep, regular breathing of a sound sleeper coming from her bedroom. After another couple of hours we drifted off to bed ourselves.

In bed Anne snuggled up to me and wrapped her legs around mine and whispered, "She really seems nice, I'm glad we invited her." 

"I agree," I replied. "I hope she can recover a bit from her depression while she is here and get her life back on track."

"I'm glad we were able to schedule some vacation time for her visit," Anne said. "And you know, she is a lot cuter than I thought she would be. I'm glad she was just a little tween when you lived with her. Otherwise you might have just stayed over there and I would have never met you." 

"Anne, I agree, she's attractive, but you are the one for me."

"You better remember that, Buster. Otherwise I might just have to cut off this thing that is growing between us.." She stroked my cock for a few seconds and then with another kiss and a snuggle she and I drifted off to sleep.

The next day started early for us as I heard Silka rummaging around in the kitchen by six am. She was probably still on European time and woke up early for us, but late for her. I jumped out of bed and went into the kitchen to help her. My plan had been to point out where the essentials were and then hit the sack again. As I swung around the corner to the kitchen I was stopped by the sight in front of me. She was still in just the T-shirt and was stretching to reach something on the top shelf of the cabinet. The hem of the shirt was now just at mid-cheek and I could easily see her pussy between her legs. She was not aware of me and so I cleared my throat and she dropped her arms back down and turned to me.

"Oh," she said. "I hope I did not shock you there!"

"No, I was just admiring the view," I teased back at her. I then went over to her where I received a tight, warm hug. We then worked together getting the coffee going and I decided to fix a big breakfast for the three of us. Anne stumbled in a bit later claiming the smell of the bacon and coffee woke her from the dead.

We sat down and finished the food and then drifted out to the deck behind the house for our final cup of coffee. We chatted a bit and made plans for the day. All this time Silka was wearing just the T-shirt and in the cool of the morning her nipples seemed to poke right through the cloth. Her breasts seemed to fit her frame nicely, but were not overly generous. I really had trouble keeping my eyes above her chest. Even Anne noticed and caught my eye and winked at me one time to let me know she was onto me. Silka was an amazingly beautiful woman. She was about five seven, had classic Swedish blonde hair, and was a tiny bit on the thin side, but she still sported nice curves in the right places. Her eyes were pale blue and her smile was slightly dimpled. I was, quite frankly, captivated by her beauty. 

Eventually we got up, got dressed and headed out for the day. Since we live fairly close to the Rockies we decided to make a big trip to see them in a few days. In the meantime we toured around the local community, checked out the local parks and a historical museum featuring the Old West.

By mid afternoon Silka was dragging a bit so we headed home and offered her an early dinner. Right after that she came back in with the same T-shirt on and give me a big hug and then Anne. With that hug I could again see the hem of her shirt climb up and just barely see her cheeks. After she went to bed Anne and I sat up reading and watching a comedy show on the idiot box. I have to admit that seeing Silka's ass and pussy put me in a randy mode. After the TV show I suggested to Anne that we should hit the sack also and she just grinned.

"I know what you want to do. That little Swede has put some ideas into your head."

"I won't deny it," I chuckled.

Once in bed Anne rolled over to me and said, "What you need is a Fantasy Fuck."

Now Fantasy Fucks were a special way she and I could fantasize while we were having sex. One of us would tell the other about a sexy person or event that they had encountered and the partner would then act out the role. 

On one occasion I had come back from a conference and there was a cute little airline attendant who openly flirted with me all the way home. She was fairly short but had a killer figure and I would have asked her out, had I not have been married. I told Anne about her and that night she dressed up in a business suit, the closest thing she had to an airline attendant's outfit, and then started to act like she was working the plane.

"Oh, sir, would you like a drink, or perhaps something a bit spicier?" With that she started to unbutton her blouse. "I think you would prefer the spicier offering!"

I sat there in a chair and she would pretend to go up and down the aisle, always pausing when she came to me. She would adjust my position, place a pillow under my head and then adjust my shirt and pants. Eventually she opened my pants and pulled out my cock, which by that time was rock hard.

"Now I get to induct you into the Mile High Club, Sir. Most of the others are asleep so I will just crawl on top of you right now." And she did and she rode me grinding her clit on my pubic bone until she and I both came together.

Another Fantasy Fuck occurred after I met a very young sales rep who had come to my work. She was dressed to the nines with a short, tight skirt, Come-fuck-me heels and a blouse with significant cleavage showing. This young woman obviously was using sex appeal to generate sales. I didn't offer to buy anything, though I know my boss did. When I told Anne about it she left the room and came back ten minutes later dressed almost exactly like the sales rep.

"Sir, I have a LOT to offer you today. Perhaps you would like to get some of our newest product. It will save you hundreds of dollars a week, make your team more efficient and it is, how should I say, 'open sourced' as well." With that Anne started to open her blouse a bit more. 

"Perhaps you need a bit more encouragement to purchase our product." The blouse was fully opened and she slipped it down to the floor. "If you take two of them..." she said as she rubbed her breasts, "...I'll throw in a bonus." At that point she stood and slid her skirt down and I was stunned to see her wearing only her heels and the bra, which she rapidly discarded.

"Now, my fine man, let me make sure you understand what the bonus product is." She came over to me, pushed me down on the sofa and opened my fly and pulled out my cock and started to suck me until I was ready to come. She then stopped and asked, "Are you willing to purchase the product now? Or what do I have to do to convince you?"

I told her that I needed a blowjob first and then an old fashioned screw. Anne delivered both that night and all the while I was able to fantasize about the real sales rep and not feel guilty.

Anne also would play the game. On one occasion she had just come home from the gym where there was a new member working out on one of the Nautilus machines. He apparently was quite a hunk and she mentioned that he seemed to have a nice package as well. She admitted that he turned her on, so I started a Fantasy Fuck for her right then. I pretended to be the new guy at the gym and came to her and told her she needed help with her exercises. I took Anne through a series of core and isometric exercises right there in the living room, all the while pretending to show her how to do them correctly. I would touch her and hold her as she exercised and I let my hands wander about.

"You seem to need a bit more work with your pecs, my dear." I would then rub my hands over her upper chest and then "accidentally" let them move down to her breasts. I also suggested she needed more work with her core exercises and hamstring stretches. These allowed me to rub her upper legs and butt. Anne was visibly getting exited, her eyes were dilating and she was sporting a moist spot over her pussy. I eventually said she would do better without her Lycra suit on. I peeled it off, massaged her thighs and then kept rubbing right to her clit. She exploded in no time at all. Once she came down from her orgasm she reached over and demanded I strip and give her a good fucking.

On another occasion she had been to the sauna at her spa and told me about it that evening. "Jim, today I was turned on in the sauna. There was a gorgeous Latina lady who came in right after I did. She didn't hesitate to take off her towel and sat there totally nude. Oh, what a body she had."

"Hmm," I said as I raised my right eyebrow. I had never known her to fancy women and she seemed to anticipate my question.

"Now I can appreciate the female form, though I have never been intimate with a woman. But there was something about her bronze skin, those large, brown eyes and her high, firm boobs."

Well, it would be impossible for me to imitate a hot Latina, but I did my best. Anne stripped down and had a large towel wrapped around her. I put on an accent and pretended to come on to Anne. I told her about how hot it was in the sauna; almost as hot as Anne was, and how I could make her even hotter. I then slid my hands up the towel and rubbed her torso, then eventually her breasts, which caused the towel to drop. By then Anne's eyes were closed and she was breathing heavily. I kept up the massage routine and eventually went down to her pubes. I ran my fingers through her sparse thatch, spread her lips and kept rubbing until I rubbed her clit up and down, side to side and then in little circles. All the while I was murmuring in my lousy accent what a hot lady Anne was. She eventually exploded in a series of orgasms that seemed to last and last. 

Once she settled down I commented that I had never known her to fantasize about women. She told me she really wasn't turned on by women that much, but the woman in the sauna just did something to her psyche. Anne thanked me for the Fantasy Fuck but since then we had not had any more involving lesbian themes.

So here I was with Anne in our bedroom and she offered me a Fantasy Fuck right after Silka had gone to bed. It was clear that Silka was going to be the featured but my wife reminded me, "This will be as close as you get to her, believe me."

She then went to my closet, got out one of my T-shirts and went into the bathroom. When she came out she had the T-shirt on and obviously nothing else. Silka's accent was mimicked to perfection when she came to me and said, "Jimmy, you look tense, isn't dat the word?" She then came over to me and said, "Why don't you lie down and relax? I vill help you with a massage."

Anne rolled me over and straddled my thighs and started to rub my back, up and down, concentrating on the muscles over the shoulders and along the lower back. It felt really good, even though the real Silka wasn't doing it. A few minutes later she scooted down and started to rub my thighs. Each time she rubbed up the thighs she came a bit closer to my pelvis and was reaching under my boxers. All along Anne was talking like Silka and kept saying how glad she was to be with us, how strong she thought I was and how she missed me so much during the years. Eventually she was rubbing my cheeks and then she said to turn over.

Once on my back she straddled my thighs again and started to rub my chest. "Oh, Jimmy, you haf such nice muscles. Is it OK if I rub them like dis?" She then massaged my pecs and started to caress my nipples slowly, then rolled them a bit between her fingers. I was getting quite turned on, particularly thinking about how it would feel if Silka were actually with me. Anne's hands slowly slid down and started to rub my hard-on while murmuring what a nice big cock I had. Now I am not that big, quite frankly I am about average, but this went with the whole Fantasy Fuck theme with Silka.

At one point I could feel Anne's wetness when she shifted on my thighs, so I know she was getting turned on also. She then slid down and pulled my boxers off and crawled up me. "Oh, Jimmy, I vant you so much, can I put you into my tight cunt? It has been so long since I haf had a man, I need you right now."

Anne crawled up over me and then proceeded to tease my erect cock with her sopping wet cunt, sliding up and down just an inch or so, until I grabbed her and pulled her down onto me.

"Oh, Jimmy, you are such a powerful man. It feels zo good to haf you in me. I am going to fuck you now until you haf come." Anne then slid up and down me, talking all the while in Silka's accent about how big I was, how well built I was and how she was having the best fuck of her life. It did not take me terribly long to get super excited, I squeezed Anne's butt as a signal and she then said, "Jimmy, shoot into me, I need it now."

With that I erupted and then Anne slid down a bit, rubbed her clit on my pubic bone and a few seconds later also came. After she collapsed on me she whispered in my ear, with no accent, "That is as close to that Swedish pussy you will ever get, and don't forget it."

"I won't, Honey, but thanks for the fantasy. It was very nice to imagine, just like you and your Latina." With that we snuggled a bit and drifted off to sleep.

On the next morning Silka slept until about the same time that we got up. She flounced around the kitchen wearing just the T-shirt, as we got ready for breakfast. Once we had drunk our coffee and had breakfast, we agreed to take it easy for the day. After a quick shower I turned the bathroom over to Anne. I quickly dressed and on my way to the kitchen heard Silka call out, "Jimmy, would you please come in here. I can't figure out the shower."

Now we have a fancy showerhead in the guest bathroom, it features many sprays and has a detachable head for rinsing. Without thinking I went in only to find Silka totally naked in the shower with the detachable head down between her legs. She was spraying her pubes when looked up to me and asked, "Does this go hard and soft, or just steady?" 

I tried to avoid looking at her tight body and took the showerhead from her. I showed her the control button, clicked it and suddenly the water came out pulsating. I did this all while trying to not look at her body, just looked at her face.

"Thank you Jimmy, I like the hard and soft a lot better, don't you?" She stood there with the water shooting at her pussy and seemed to dare me to look. Finally I did, for a second or two, maybe a bit more, and I was stunned how sexy she was. I agreed that the pulsations were better and then I backed out quickly, closed the bathroom door and fled to the kitchen.
