 Let me tell you about ourselves, at the time this happened we were in our early twenties; I'd had may sexual partners before I met Sarah, but on meeting her I'd never considered sex with anyone else. Sarah had only had one other partner, but she had confessed on our second night together she had only had full sex twice, then he cheated on her and that had ended their relationship. Sarah was a 5'2 tall and dark hair and electric blue eyes, 34B breast and upon my insistence was now fully shaved. I'm 5'10 and at that time a keen swimmer so I was very trim and lean. 

We were invited to join our friends at her family's holiday flat in the south of England for a week's holiday. I'd gone to school with Clark and we had remained friends since. By coincidence he'd met Anna about the same time as I'd met Sarah and we double dated a number of times but never had we holidayed together, so this was going to be a first. Clark was always reserved but Anna was very outspoken and wore the trousers in their relationship. I'd noticed on our nights out that it was always Anna who used the sexual innuendos and directed the talk to sex. Once the holiday was suggested we set a date for late June and we joined them at the flat. The flat was a large two bed arrangement with a limited sea view. But all the rooms were spacious and both rooms had en suites. 

On the first night and after a good meal at a local pub, we went home to carry on drinking. After about an hour we were all very drunk and for a joke (or maybe it was well planned) Clark brought out a copy of a "Sex 365: A Position for Every Day" book we all laughed and were joking at the various positions and bragging about the ones we had completed. 

The chat and mood was getting very brazen and everyone was asking the other to explain more. Well the night went on with more drink and all of us were getting intimate with our partners. Well eventually the passion took over and Anna whipped out Clarks tool and set to work on a blow job. I could tell she was well practiced; Clarks cock looked to be about 7" long the same as mine but only half as wide as mine.

Sarah is not an exhibitionist but I coaxed her to copy and eventually both couples were having sex in the same room. Although the sex was conventional we had removed most of our clothes and I could see Anna's larger tits. Afterwards we all were comfortable, and sat there naked in each others company. Anna was taller than Sarah at about 5"5 tall she had ample tits a pierced naval and a very hairy un-kept bush, other than the hair I had no complaints. Clark was slightly hairier than me and as I said this cock was about the same size as mine erect but flaccid it was slightly longer than mine. We sat there and in our post sex glow had more drinks and relayed our sex stories. As we carried on the drinking the conversation was much more open this got both of us men aroused with rapidly growing cocks. 

No one could wait any longer Sarah was content to gently stroke my cock. Then out of the blue Anna came to Sarah and touched her tits and tried to kiss her. I think Sarah was surprised because it didn't go well. She got up and left the room. As a couple we hadn't really discussed about sex with another person at that time so I think Sarah was shocked. Anna had left the room as well and Clark followed her. Sadly that ended the night. 

Later in our room we talked about what had happened, and told me she had never thought about kissing another girl, yet alone sex with her or swapping. We agreed neither of us was opposed although Sarah didn't want to watch me having sex with another woman, but she did say if we swapped it would be at the same time, she also added that she was surprised by Anna's advance and remarked on her un-kept pussy.

Day 2

The next morning Anna apologized and agreed it was nothing, Anna and Sarah talked alone for a long time. 

That night it was raining and we stayed in for a takeaway, and started early on the drinking afterwards we played strip poker I lost and Clark soon followed, then out came the book and we randomly picked pages and recreated the position but other than touching no penetration. 

This worked well until we realized there were 200 pages in the book. The crunch time came as the later pages were dedicated to group and same sex. Clark got to the first same sex and he laughed as the two girls were shown gently massaging each other's pussy, Sarah seemed quite happy since their conversation. So they re-enacted the page, then they stopped looked at us and said it was now our turn, it took a while for the penny to drop but when it did we both looked at each other and just like when you need a painful injection we tensed, but knew it had to be done. I reached out and took Clark's tool, the first one I'd touched. Clark then hesitantly joined in and gave me a few strokes, we didn't continue this for long, both girls were watching. 

Clark then stood and left to the kitchen, I was not sure if he was embarrassed or shocked. Sarah and Anna came over to me and they both kissed me (a reward for being brave). Clark returned and stood in front of us, Anna went forward and grabbed his tool for a blow Job but he shot his load on first contact. Anna had spunk all over her face and tits, Clark was not happy. Sarah said she'd never seen another man come, to which I added neither had I. 

Anna then asked me to come for them so I stood up to proudly do my chore when Anna asked Sarah if she could wank me, so off she went and in a jiffy my load hit her face. 

Silence and time for the bathroom, coming out Sarah was there and I asked if she wanted to take it further with Anna and she drunkenly smiled. I didn't realize what it meant for me. We returned to the lounge, Anna and Clark was well into each other, so we got it on. Next thing Clark was standing next to us and Anna hands are in our action. 

Then Sarah and Anna kissed full on Anna then lifted my hands from her boobs and placed it on Clarks cock he wasn't upset. I gently rubbed him but he pushed is cock to my face and I had to take it. I chocked a lot but Sarah said "take it slowly". I carried on sucking him for a while then stopped and looked up to see Sarah was eating out Anna. I returned to the task and gave him a blow job until all he wanted was to fuck. 

Anna moved on top to a 69 position so Sarah had her head between Anna's legs and was looking up as Clarks cock entered her. I was left out so I watched. I could see his cock pounding in and out. Sarah tentatively lifted her head to lick Anna's clit. Clarks pace quickened and Sarah got more adventurous and was now licking Clarks balls. Well it only took a minute until he shot his 2nd load into Anna. 

What I was unaware of was Anna was giving Sarah a damn good licking and she was so turned on. As Clark pulled out the semen leaked out and onto Sarah's face. Anna spun round to kiss and lick her face. But Sarah needed filling she reversed the 69 so Anna was underneath but in short while she left Anna fully exposed and turned her arse to where I was sitting and lowered onto my lap, my cock entered her very easily. Sarah started grinding into me, the pressure was unbearable and I came into her after a few minutes. Sarah also came on my cock and collapsed. 

We all sat exhausted for a while then Sarah decided she needed a shower, leaving the three of us in the room. We chatted some more and Anna commented that I was still erect but Clark was limp. I jokingly said perhaps he needs pumping up. She gave him a couple of quick tugs but no life. She looked at me and then knelt in front of me to take my pussy juice coated cock into her mouth and she started sucking and licking my cock it was lovely but I knew I couldn't come again so quickly it was going to take some effort from Anna to raise any juice from me. After a short while I looked up and Clark was gently stroking his cock it was now semi erect, I let Anna continue as Clark was enjoying the show, then once he was erect he came up behind her and started fucking her. Clark stopped and pulled out of her she looked at me, but I remembered my agreement with Sarah and I said reluctantly I couldn't but urged them to continue. Anna rolled over onto her back and I watched Clark screw her, I need more sex so I left and Joined Sarah for my satisfaction and hers. 

Towards the end of our session Anna came into the room and looked at us Sarah was a little surprised but didn't stop. Anna then asked if tomorrow they could swap men. Sarah looked surprised at her openness I was so turned on I shot my load there and then, Sarah said she would think about it but I think Ziggy would like that referring to my sudden explosion into her. 

Day 3

The next morning I was up making the first cup of tea when Clark came into the kitchen. We talked about the nights before and laughed, then he asked me was Sarah always shaved, as he'd liked the look and since seeing her nude now wanted Anna to shave, I agreed a trim was required. He said that Anna wanted to have sex with me, which was clear from the night before I asked him how he felt about it, he said he didn't mind, so I told him about my agreement with Sarah and he said he liked that idea. He went on to tell me that Anna had once had a boyfriend who turned out to be gay and that it was her idea that he should try it as she wanted to see two men together. I said I enjoyed our encounter and I hoped he didn't have any regrets. 

I returned to our room where Sarah was still asleep, I gently massaged her until she woke and we had that lazy relaxed morning sex that lasts all day and keeps returning to your thoughts throughout the day. Afterwards I told her about my conversation with Clark and made her promise to get Anna trimmed or even better shaved. She said she would try. 

At breakfast we agreed that today would be a girls day out, so they went off to the local town. 

Clark and I went to the beach to swim and surf. We got back about five, the girls had just returned and I could see they had been to a beauty parlor. They said we were to go out to dinner that night and a restaurant had been booked. 

When we were ready the girls had slipped into nice short dresses they had purchased earlier and on inspection Sarah had a red version of Anna's blue dress. 

At the restaurant we all chatted and generally had a good time, we returned home and continued the merriment. Then the girls asked what we though of the dresses and I said they were like sisters, then Anna said in more ways than one and winked. 

We carried on playing music and chatting then, I started kissing Sarah who said if I kiss her I must kiss Anna as well. So we started the swapping. As I kissed Anna she started to stroke my cock through my clothes so I took this a cue to fondle her. Then Clark moved in and un zipped her dress. As it fell to the ground I unzipped Sarah. both of them had matching underwear I looked at Clark and smiled. Then I noticed that Sarah now had a pierced naval that nearly matched Anna's. 

Sarah reached for my cock through my trousers and gave me another good rubbing. I was so hard. Then they swapped places and Anna kissed me, but whilst kissing me she undid my shirt, looking across I could see Clark getting the same treatment. Then my trousers were released. All of us were now in our underwear, the boys with their cocks sticking out. 

The girls stepped back from us and in unison released their bras. The swapped positions then they moved into us to remove our boxers, both of us now exposing fully erect cocks. Together they then turned their backs on us, to show their thong backs, slowly and carefully pulling down their last garment. Once down they stepped out of them put their hands over their crotches and turned to face us. They removed their hands to expose a pair of hairless crotches. Clark let out a very loud "wow" and we all laughed. The girls came over to us and I could tell they hadn't shaved but was waxed and looking closely they were both a little red. 

Sarah moved in for a kiss then just at the last moment moved across to kiss Clark and Anna landed a kiss on my lips. She then lifted me from my seat and took my hand leading me to her bed room I looked at Sarah who smiled and I led Clark to our room. 

Once in the room Anna kissed me some more then dropped to suck my cock, she had a real talent for this, after a while I moved her to the bed and pushed her onto it and lowered my mouth to her very erect nipples, these were larger than Sarah's and I started to suck on then alternating between them not wanting to favour any one nipple. Slowly I moved down her body towards her newly denuded crotch, it was very red and I felt sorry for her as I could feel the heat. I kissed and licked it gently and she slowly widened her legs as I moved to her clit and what were very wet lips. I licked and sucked her and Anna had her hand in my hair and was pushing my face deeper into her crotch. Then I could feel her lips pulsating as I licked and opened her to reach her inner lips and entrance. As she came her hands released my head and pulled her nipples I had to hang-on to keep her orgasim at its height. Eventually she pushed me away. 

I laid down next to her and watched her as her breath returned to her body her breasts rising and falling I could see marks from where she had clutched/mauled her own chest. She moved in and kissed me with eyes full of lust. Then slowly she stroked my cock and smeared the ample amounts of pre cum around the shaft. Then in a swift movement she straddled my cock and I slid in easily to a warm velvet glove. Whilst she was tight I was very comfortable and gently she started to ride my cock and I could feel her clamping her tunnel around my cock. 

I was getting more urgent and with each downward stroke of her velvet glove I pushed into her as each time I felt like I was going deeper. Anna must have sensed I was getting close because she jumped of me leaving my twitching cock exposed to the air. 

We rested a while then as chatted about nothing in particular, I thought we have got to get this started again so I slipped down her body and began to lick and suck on her clit again. After a while I moved up her body and angled my cock at her open entrance and began to fuck her, as I did I pulled her legs up and over my shoulders giving me easy and slippery access, I was relentless and pounded on, I then rotated both her legs to the side and with the out losing rhythm I continued pounding. I was getting closer to the edge and Anna was starting to come as well. Then as her cunt clutched my cock in orgasmic spasm I shot me load deep into her, I could feel my cock expanding and her virgina contracting around me. We collapsed onto the bed and drifted off to sleep. 

We woke up a little later and decided to find the others. They were sitting up in our bed as we walked in. Clark made to get out of our bed but Anna moved in next to him and I went to Sarah's side. And there it was the four of us in one bed. 

Clark got Anna to show him her newly styled pussy, and I remembered Sarah new piercing, it looked nice a little sore but very nice. Anna and Clark were kissing and fondling each other and I could see his cock rising which set mine off. Sarah gently fondled my now erect cock as I rolled her onto her side and using the spoon position entered from behind. Clark must have liked the look of this because he moved Anna to face us and assumed the same position. The girls started to kiss each other and I pulled Sarah's leg open and this allowed them to get closer. I could feel the juices of Clark's earlier deposit sloshing out and strangely this spurred me on. This time I came first with a massive load that seemed to come up from my deepest groin. Sarah then shuddered as her orgasim arrived. We lay there admiring that Clark could last this long, but then he came and Anna gasped and mauled her tits as Sarah diddled her clit, then she shuddered and orgasimed. 

I left to get some drinks and Clark joined me in the kitchen. As we got our drinks we talked about the night and he ask me if I minded that Sarah had sex with him. No I replied and asked him the same, he took time to answer he said no then he went on to explain that Anna had admitted to having numerous partners whilst she was a university and on occasion had commented and compared his performance. He asked me if I'd enjoyed her and I said she was wonderful and he was a lucky man. 

When we returned to the bedroom the girls had gone to the bathroom together. So we sat in lounge and chatted some more. They came out and joined us wrapped in towels I cuddled up with Sarah and we slowly relaxed again with full glasses and a satisfied feeling.

Much later we retired to our room and Sarah was a little quiet. Then she looked at me and said she was worried about what had happened, I asked her why. She replied that she enjoyed the sex with Clark but he was a little reluctant at first but once she had made the advances, which is unusual for her, but he got into the mood and all was okay. She then asked about my time with Anna, I couldn't lie so I told her it was good but she mostly took the lead and was governing the initial pace. Sarah then said she was worried about Clark as afterwards he was very quiet. Sarah also added that whilst they were showering together, Anna had commented on our performance and made further advances to Sarah. I reckoned that Clark was a bit fragile about the event. I didn't tell her about my conversation with Clark. 

Day 4

We all got up late and for the first time we didn't have any sex. Sarah was in our shower so went to the other bathroom Clark was already there showering and I looked at him toweling himself off, I've got to say his cock was a fine specimen. 

I asked him what he wanted to do today and we said Anna and him needed to get out on their own, so we agree to meet later that evening at the local pub. 

That evening we had a good time the night was warmer so we walked along the beach all together. We sat in the sand and watched the sun go down. The last people left and we were alone. I noticed that Anna and Clark were not talking so much and I began to worry. After about 30 minutes of sitting on the beach in near silence I had to ask them what was wrong. Anna said tell them and out it came Clark was concerned because he'd slept with my partner and that Anna had slept with me. Sarah told him that she had enjoyed the fun they had but didn't consider it to be cheating or wrong because we were all will participants. But Clark wasn't buying it, then Sarah confessed he was only the third person she'd had sex with, he was surprised and blurted out that Anna had slept with at least 10 guys. He added that he'd only been with 5 girls and I reserved my comments at this stage. The chat lasted a little longer and we assured him that none of us felt de valued and that it was a holiday only event which he agreed with. I think he thought it might be like some confessions movie with everyone running about and jumping into the sack with each other (I wish). That night we didn't swap or replicate any of our previous games, and it was very nice to have Sarah to myself. 

Day 5

It was our last full day and we visited a couple of the local beaches trying to find some surfing waves but with little success. So we returned to the flat, to plan the evening.

We went to very nice local restaurant and found a reasonable club but by midnight the club hadn't lived up to its billing although we were all dancing and get drunk so we decided to return home. 

In the cab home Clark was between the two girls and was acting like he'd just pulled both the girls and they both started to rub his legs and chest whilst planting lots of kisses on him, which was having a desired effect on his cock. Anna went to pull out his cock but he pushed her away. So Sarah tried to release his cock again without any luck. The taxi pulled up at the flat. Out they poured leaving me with the fare, the driver smiled and all I could say was "don't you wish it was you", "yes" he replied. I looked at him and replied "sorry not tonight", he shrugged and drove away. 
