 After our first meeting Chris and I decided that we wanted to explore each other more and to fulfil some of our fantasies. We had arranged to meet the following week at the same hotel but this time we would meet in the room instead of the bar. 

I arrived at the door and let myself in and found that Chris was already naked and waiting for me, as I walked over to the bed I could see the desire already in his eyes. I leaned over him and brought his mouth to mine, running my tongue across his bottom lip before sliding it in and finding his. He grabbed me and pulled me down on the bed beside him, running his hands over me, trying to undress me but I pushed his hands away and said to him "All in good time baby".

I stood back up and asked him to sit on the chair, that was in the corner of the room and as he did I walked over to him and straddled his lap facing towards him. I reached into my pocket and pulled out a couple of silk scarf's that I had placed there earlier. Looking at him with a wicked grin on my face, I then leaned forward to whisper in his ear "I have a surprise for you, but I need you to let me tie your hands down" I look back up into his face as he nods his head in acceptance. 

I take his hands and tie them to either side of the chair, then slowly standing up from his lap to stand in front of him I take a couple of steps back. I start to slowly unbutton my blouse, pulling it open slightly and letting him see my breasts in cased in a dark red bra.

There is a knock at the door and I can see a puzzled look spread across his face wondering what's going on. I lean forward placing my lips lightly against his giving him a soft kiss, letting him know he has nothing to worry about. I walk over to the door and open it, grabbing my friend by the hand and pulling her into the room. Watching Chris's eyes open wide as he see's my friend standing there in front of him, knowing he finds her as sexy as I do. 

Her name was Steph and she was 31, slim build, 5'6 and 34 c breasts, her hair was dark and long like mine. I looked over to Chris and could see his cock was already rock hard, so I guide Steph to stand in front of him, while I walked behind her and reached my hands to the front to unbutton her blouse, letting it slide down her arms to the floor, revealing her lovely black lacy bra. My hands stroking over her breasts, feeling her nipples harden under my touch. 

I reach behind her and unclip her bra, releasing her breasts, I then move around to her and place my mouth over one of her nipples pulling it in with my lips, sucking on it gently then moving onto the other one. My hands reach for her skirt, unzipping it and letting it fall to her feet. Steph reaches for me and starts to take my clothes off also, until we both just have our panties on. I get down onto my knees and hook my fingers into the side of her black lacy panties and pull them down her legs so that Chris can see her nice shaved pussy.

I begin to kneel on the floor and pull her down with me, both of us stroking each other as I get her to lie on her back; I position her so that Chris has a really good view between her legs, as I start to spread them open. I lift one leg and place it over my shoulder, tracing my finger tips up the inside of her thigh, doing small circular motions as my hand reaches her pussy. I slide my fingers over her lips gently sliding a finger in and feeling how wet she already is, I then turn towards Chris and offer him my wet finger, letting him taste her juice. 

I lay myself down between her legs and begin to kiss over her lips, sliding my tongue in and tasting her myself for the first time, I use my fingers to spread her lips open and start to flick my tongue over her clit, feeling it swell under my touch, with my other hand I slide two fingers deep inside her, curling them up slightly as I begin to fuck her slowly with my fingers. My lips wrap over her clit and I start to suck on it while moving my tongue over her. Feeling her hips buck underneath me, lifting her pussy closer to my mouth. I start to move faster on her, gently grazing her clit with my teeth, while my fingers fuck her hard and deep.

Hearing Steph's moans fill the room as I really begin to fuck her with my mouth and fingers, she grabs the back of my head pulling me into her, feeling her juices spreading all over me. Fucking her harder and faster, hearing Chris groan at the back of me urging me on, wanting to make her cum. Then I hear her scream "Fuck, yes I'm cumming" and her hips start to buck wildly under me as my tongue laps around my fingers, catching her juice as it runs out.

I move myself of Steph and crawl over to Chris, reaching my mouth to his, pushing my tongue deep into his mouth, stroking my hands across his chest and down over his stomach. I can see he is dying to get involved in the action and motion for Steph to come over as well, as my mouth moves from his and starts to kiss down over his chest, heading to his now rock hard cock. Steph takes a hold of his cock in her hand stroking him softly as my mouth wraps over him, sucking on the head before I take him fully into my mouth, Steph moves her mouth to his balls and starts to lick and suck around them, then I move off and she comes up beside me and we start to lick across the head of his cock together.

I reach out for the scarf's holding Chris in place and pull at them, taking them off and letting him join in; he places a hand on either of our heads and grabs a handful of hair stopping us from moving. We take turns in taking him into our mouths, listening to his moans getting louder, I look up to him and see such sexual desire in his eyes so I ask him "Do you want to move this to the bed baby". He stands up pulling us both up with him and leads us gently by the hair to the bed, pushing me down first and then reaches up for my panties and pulls them off me. 

Chris then pushes Steph onto the bed as well and tells her to get on her back, then tells me to get on top of her so I can place my pussy over her face, so I straddle her face placing my soaked pussy onto her mouth, she starts to lick across me flicking across my clit, by now I am so ready to cum I start to slide across her until I feel Chris's hands on my back pushing me down. I place my mouth back onto Steph's pussy and start to lick away at it, then feel Chris's cock sliding over my hole, then ramming himself in hard making me moan louder into Steph's pussy, my own body shaking with the combined pleasures of Steph's mouth on me and Chris's cock fucking me hard and deep. I explode on both of them cumming so hard, my pussy clamping down on his cock as I quiver around it.

Letting my orgasm finish before he slides out of me he then moves around to Steph's pussy, I reach for him and take him into my mouth sucking my juices off his cock, I guide him into Steph's pussy raising her legs for him and then placing my mouth back onto her clit sucking on it hard. He starts pounding hard into her, making her moan around my clit, sending jolts of pleasure thru my body. I can hear Steph moaning louder as Chris begins to move harder and deeper into her, his hands pulling her to him as I suck harder on her clit, she slips 2 fingers deep into me and hooks them slightly as she licks and sucks across my swollen clit. 

Steph starts to buck under me as I feel her body tense, then hear her scream as she begins to cum again around Chris as he holds his cock deep in her letting her ride out the waves of her orgasm. I pull myself of her and move my mouth to hers letting her taste her juices and letting me taste mine as our tongues dance together. Chris pulls out and brings his cock up to our mouths and slides it between us as we kiss around him. 

He then pulls away and climbs up onto the bed beside us and lays on his back, I crawl over to him and straddle his hips, facing away from him and start to rub the head of his cock against my pussy, then letting him slide into me. Steph comes over and starts to massage my breasts as her mouth takes one of my nipples into her mouth, sucking it hard as her hand moves to slide over my clit. Using my feet I begin to move up and down on Chris, slowly taking him in as deep as I can, enjoying the whole length of his cock. 

He grabs my hips and starts to pound hard and fast into me, my juices running out and covering his balls, Steph moves her mouth down and licks across me, flicking her tongue on my clit as I feel her hand stroking Chris's balls. My body explodes with the two of them pleasuring me like this, and I begin to shake and squeeze tight around Chris and I can feel his cock getting harder and know that he can't hold out much longer, so I pull myself off him and move to where Steph is still playing with his balls. 

I open my mouth wide and take him deep in, wrapping my tongue around him sucking his cock tightly into my mouth. Steph is sucking across his balls now and we can both hear Chris moaning, we both take a hold of his cock and slide in time up and down on his shaft as our mouths pleasure him. Chris groans and Steph moves her mouth up to mine and we stroke him harder and faster till he begins to shoot his load across us, hitting out faces and mouths as our tongues dance across the tip, our tongues touching each other sharing the cum as we both clean him off. 

We all cuddle up on the bed to catch our breaths, hands stroking over each other. Chris laying in between the two of us, laying there with a big smile on his face. Knowing we will only need a short while before he will be ready to start all over again.