 Author's note: I wrote this story at the request of a reader who sent me the story line. All characters are fictitious as are their names. I did not use the names given to me by the reader. I hope I did his story justice. All characters are at least 18 years old in this story.

*

Cliff, Palmer and Lee were three good friends all attending the same South Carolina college. It was 1961 and they hung out together, partied together, dated college girls and attended frat parties. One weekend however would change their relationship forever. 

The three of them went to the beach one weekend. Palmer knew of a private section of beach where they could drink beer and be undisturbed. They could also go skinny dipping if they felt like it. He also knew of an inexpensive motel about two miles from the beach where they could crash. On Saturday morning they loaded up several coolers and made the two hour drive from school to the secluded beach.

Palmer maneuvered his car through a number of back roads and trails until he eventually parked at a dead end blocked by trees and bushes. Palmer told Cliff and Lee to follow him. So they all grabbed the blankets and coolers and Palmer lead down a path that lead to the beach. True to Palmer's word the beach was secluded and very private. No one form either direction of the beach could see the cove they were in and the trees provided a natural backdrop.

"Here it is guys," Palmer announced proudly.

"You called it buddy, it's perfect," Cliff proclaimed.

"It's really beautiful," Lee uttered drawing stares from Cliff and Palmer. "I mean it is really cool," Lee recovered.

"You know Lee sometimes you just talk like a fag. Are you sure you're not queer?" Palmer said mockingly.

Cliff laughed but Lee blushed at the accusation. "No I'm not queer," Lee uttered softly.

"Come on let's get set up," Cliff said changing the subject.

The three of them spread out the blankets and anchored them with the cooler and their shoes. Then they changed into their bathing suits and Lee could not help steal a glance of Palmer's and Cliff's privates. Both of them were pretty well hung and Lee was intrigued by the size of their soft cocks. He found himself wondering what they would look like fully erect. Lee had an average size 6" cock but he was satisfied with it and it pleased the girl he was currently dating. The three of them donned their bathing suits and then popped open a beer.

Cliff and Palmer downed their first beers quickly and they decided to go for a swim. Lee remained on the blanket and watched his two friends run down to the breaker line and dive into the ocean. Lee was impressed with the physiques of his two close friends and he wished he was more like them. Cliff was a strapping athletic looking guy at 6'3" and 185 pounds. He worked out all the time and it showed. Cliff's body was chiseled and he had natural washboard abs. Palmer was shorter at 6'0" even but he too was in fine shape. Palmer weighed in at 170 pounds and he was well toned from his days as a gymnast in high school. Palmer's longer blonde hair blew in the sea breeze and he resembled the surfer type. 

Lee was not a guy into fitness but he had a natural look and metabolism that fit his life style. Lee was about 5'8" tall and weighed 155 pounds. He wore his hair long like Palmer and his blonde hair covered the back of his neck. Lee was actually a little effeminate looking since he was slender with flawless skin and virtually no body hair. Lee's ass was more effeminate too especially when compared to the muscular buttocks of Cliff and Palmer.

The three of them were roommates their freshman year and they got along great. Then they all joined the same fraternity and the friendship continued. They did not compete with one another and they never competed for the same girl. It seemed as if Lee did not fit with the two athletic looking studs but they always accepted him and Lee loved being around them. Lee looked at the two physical specimens boys surfing in the water and he admired them.

"Hey Lee come on the water is great," Cliff yelled above the surf.

Lee put his beer down and walked down to the water's edge. He was not as reckless as his friends so he waded into the water until a large breaker headed his way and he dove under it. When Lee surface his bathing suit was down around his ankles as he had neglected to tie it before entering the water. His pecker was shrunken as one would expect from the chilly ocean but his curvy ass glistened with beads of salt water. Palmer stared at Lee's ass noticing the shape of it for the first time. Palmer walked over to Lee and grabbed Lee by one ass cheek and squeezed hard.

"Damn boy you have a damn fine ass," Palmer said and then laughed hard.

Cliff also laughed and then remarked, "Palmer's right buddy, many a girl would kill for an ass like that. It is as nice as Cindy's."

Lee knew that both Cliff and Palmer were fond of girls with nice asses. Cliff bragged about how his current girlfriend Cindy loved it in the ass. Palmer had also made it known about his desire for anal sex and how he screwed Susan all night in her ass. What Palmer and Cliff did not know was how Lee's girlfriend Betsy like playing with Lee's ass. Betsy had first started putting her finger in Lee's ass when she blew him. Lee actually liked the anal intrusion of Betsy's petite finger.

One night Betsy had taken one of Lee's handkerchiefs and tied several knots in it. Then she covered it with Vaseline and inserted the knots into Lee's ass. Betsy sucked on his cock until he was ready to cum and then she slowly pulled the handkerchief out of his asshole. Lee never ejaculated with such force as he did that night. As each knot left his asshole, Lee shot a stream of cum into the air. Betsy giggled as she watched the voluminous ejaculation and it had now become a ritual for them. Oddly Betsy would not let Lee do anything to her ass.

Lee pulled up his swim suit, blushing as he did and he was confused for the moment. He actually liked the feel of Palmer grabbing his ass but he didn't know why. The three guys swam around awhile longer diving in and out of the waves and then they returned to their blankets and popped open another beer. The three of them stretched out on the blankets and they continued to drink beer until they felt the sun cooking them. They got the sun tan lotion out and coated the front of their bodies with it.

After sun bathing for awhile, Cliff got up and dashed back into the water to cool off. When he came out he told Palmer and Lee that he was going for a walk on the beach. Cliff grabbed two beers and headed up the beach leaving Palmer and Lee on the blankets. Minutes later, Palmer and Lee also decided to cool off in the ocean and when they returned Palmer stripped off his swim suit. 

"What are you doing?" Lee asked in a concerned tone as if someone could see them.

"It's private, no one ever comes here. I'm going to shed these tan lines," Palmer replied. 

Lee watched as Palmer put lotion and the back of his legs and his buttocks. Then Palmer handed the lotion to Lee and said, "Do my back for me." 

Palmer flopped down on his stomach and Lee hesitated briefly staring at Palmer's naked body. Then Lee applied the lotion to Palmer's body. Lee squirted the lotion onto Palmer's back and rubbed it all over. He covered Palmer's shoulders, the back of his arms, his side and his back all the way down to the buttocks. Lee could not explain his feelings but he loved touching Palmer's muscular body. Lee rubbed the lotion in thoroughly as he was in no hurry to finish. Palmer then rolled over and smiled.

"I'll do you now," Palmer offered.

Lee's eyes first went to Palmer's crotch and he noticed that Palmer's cock was almost semi-erect. Obviously the hot sun and the application of lotion must have stirred him slightly. Lee lay face down and Palmer poured the lotion on Lee's back. Palmer rubbed the lotion in as his hands moved over the smooth skin of Lee's shoulders and back. Palmer stared at the twin hillocks of Lee's ass as his hands moved to Lee's lower back. Unbeknown to Palmer, Lee was struggling to keep his own emotions under control as his cock had hardened into the blanket beneath him.

Palmer asked, "Want your legs done too?" even though he knew that Lee was capable of putting lotion on his own legs.

"Sure, if you don't mind," Lee said his voice cracking noticeably.

Palmer applied the lotion to one leg at a time and the two of them became increasingly excited but neither one of them took it to the next step. Lee finally looked over at Palmer and saw that his cock was now fully erect. It had to be at least 8' long and Lee could hardly contain himself. 

Palmer looked at Lee in the prone position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. "I might as well do your ass for you too," Lee announced not asking permission.

Palmer covered Lee's buns with lotion and took his time massaging the shapely cheeks. Palmer was getting more and more turned on. Then Palmer let his hand slip between Lee's ass cheeks and touch his anus. Lee's body stiffened at the touch. Until that day only Betsy had ever touched his nether hole. Palmer was beginning to lose control and he squirted more lotion in the crack of Lee's ass. Palmer took it to the next step and eased a lotion covered finger into Lee's ass. Palmer was surprised at how easy his finger was able to enter Lee's asshole. It was obvious that Lee had had things in his ass before and this served to spur Palmer on.

"Palmer don't do that, please," Lee whispered. Palmer didn't know that Lee had an erection and was afraid to turn over to face him.

"Just relax buddy, you seem to like that," Palmer answered as he twirled his finger around in Lee's ass.

Palmer looked around and saw that Cliff was nowhere in sight and there was no one else on the beach. Palmer at that moment decided to fuck Lee. Palmer didn't know if it was the beer, the hot sun or just Lee's very desirable derriere but he had to fuck it. It was probably a combination of everything but whatever spurred Palmer on he was not to be denied. Palmer applied a generous amount of lotion to his own cock and lifted Lee by the hips. Lee was now on all fours with his shapely ass pointed in the air. Palmer knelt behind Lee and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He hadn't fucked an ass since his last date with Susan and now he was about to fuck his frat brother. Palmer then spit on his dick making very slippery and pressed it against Lee's asshole. 

"Oh no, oh God no don't!" Lee yelled and then let out a scream, "Oh shit that hurts Palmer take it out. Please don't do this."

Palmer was gentle with him as he tried to allow Lee to adjust to the size of his cock. His cock had cleared the sphincter and was pressing steadily into Lee's ass. Lee had a hold of the beach blanket in both hands and he was squeezing it tightly. Lee's head moved side to side as he pleaded with palmer to stop. The pain was excruciating but Lee was powerless to move. It was one thing to have Betsy's finger or a handkerchief in his ass but Palmer's cock felt huge. 

Palmer was relentless in his quest to fuck Lee and soon he was buried to the hilt in Lee's ass and he fucked him royally. Palmer held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Lee's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. He couldn't believe how full he felt with Palmer's enormous dick in his ass. Lee felt Palmer tense and then fill his ass with cum. Palmer continued to fuck Lee's ass and cum backed out of his ass and ran down over Lee's balls. Lee fired a blast of cum onto the beach blanket without ever even touching his own cock, surprising Palmer and himself. Palmer eased his soft cock out of Lee's ass and watched as the semen bubble up and trickled out of Lee's anus.

Palmer spotted a shadow and looked up to see Cliff standing near them. "That was quite a show guys. You looked pretty hot getting your ass fucked Lee. I think that I'll have a crack at your hot ass now that Palmer is done with you," Cliff said.

Cliff slipped off his swim suit and greased his erect cock with lotion. Then Cliff knelt behind Lee, spit on his cock and eased it into Lee's asshole. Lee grunted and flinched briefly but he let Cliff have his way with him. Cliff caressed Lee's ass as he fucked it and complimented Lee on his great looking ass. Lee handled Cliff's cock easier than he had Palmer's, not because Cliff was smaller but because Palmer had stretched Lee's ass. Lee was surprised how easy it was to accept Cliff's cock that time even though his ass was still on fire from Palmer's cock. 

Lee got another erection as Cliff fucked him and Palmer noticed it. "Well will you look at that, he has another woody. I think he likes getting butt fucked Cliff."

This time Lee jerked his cock off as Cliff fucked him and he shot another load on the beach blanket. Cliff then stiffened and filled Lee's ass to overflowing with an enormous load. Lee felt as if a fire hose had been turned on in his rectum. Cliff pulled out and wiped his cock on Lee's buttocks and then stood up.

"I need to cool off," Cliff said and made a bee line for the water. "Me too," Palmer added and sprinted after Cliff.

Lee flopped down on the blanket and then he was reminded that he had ejaculated on it. He got up and gingerly walked to the water to cleanse his ravished body. Lee looked at his naked friends and surprising he felt his loins stir. Somehow Lee knew that he would probably be fucked several more times that weekend and in a strange way he was looking forward to it. Lee entered the water and he felt refreshed as the cool ocean washed over his body. 

After they got out of the water they decided to leave. They had had enough sun and drank enough beer for one day. They packed up and drove back to the motel. Lee sat quietly in the back seat on the drive back. No one discussed the incident but Lee knew that something was awakened in him and his life was changed forever. Once back at the motel they unpacked the car, drained the cooler and settled in the motel room. They decided to stay in that night instead of going to the bar as they had plenty of food and beer in the room. 

"Let's all shower together," Palmer suggested.

"Get's my vote," Cliff answered.

Cliff and Palmer were the first to strip and enter the shower. Nervously Lee stripped off his clothes and walked into the shower when he saw the firm hard bodies of Cliff and Palmer he felt a surge in his loins. Lee was a little embarrassed as his cock hardened slightly into a semi-erect state. Lee stepped under the water and turned his back to Palmer and Cliff. The next thing he felt a set of hands on his back and he froze.

Palmer said, "Here I'll wash your back for you," then he ran his soapy hands over Lee's shoulders and back.

Lee was then doomed as his cock sprung into a fully erect state. Lee stood rigid as the hands passed over his shoulders and worked their way down his back. When Palmer touched him just above his buttocks, Lee trembled and moaned slightly. Then Palmer cupped Lee's ass and then moved his hands around Lee's body. Lee could feel Palmer's erect cock pressing into his ass as Palmer reached around and cupped Lee's balls with one hand and Lee's cock with the other.

"Would you like me to fuck you again Lee?" Palmer asked.

Lee just nodded in the affirmative and Palmer pushed him over slightly. Palmer ran his soapy fingers in and out of Lee's asshole and then Palmer placed his soapy cock at the entrance. Palmer pushed while holding on the Lee's hips and the cock slid in easily. Lee all of a sudden loved the feeling of a warm cock sliding in and out of his ass. By then Cliff got in on the action and he offered his cock up for Lee's mouth. 

"Come on Lee let's see if you like to suck cock as much as you like it in your ass," Cliff taunted.

Although Lee had never sucked a cock before he was eager to try. Lee willingly swallowed Cliff's cock and then the two of them fucked his ass and his face until they came. Cliff filled Lee's mouth with his cum just as Palmer had cum in Lee's ass. Cliff and Palmer then took Lee into the room where they had him get in bed on all fours. This time Cliff fucked Lee's ass and Lee sucked Palmer's cock until they both came again. Lee later found himself on his back with his legs dangling off the bed. Palmer then pushed Lee's legs up and slipped his cock back into Lee's ass. Palmer fucked Lee with Lee's legs resting on Palmer's shoulders. Lee turned his head to one side at Cliff's urging and took Cliff's cock back in his mouth. Palmer surprised Lee when he reached over and grabbed Lee's throbbing erect cock. Palmer jerked Lee off as he fucked him and Lee shot two loads all over his own body before Cliff and Palmer came again.

The three of them headed back into the shower to clean up and this time they did just that. After the shower they all threw on some shorts and lounged around drinking and snacking. Lee was quiet for awhile but then he implored Cliff and Palmer to keep quiet about the encounter. Cliff and Palmer promised that they would keep quiet about it. The three of them turned in and slept in the one bed naked. Lee knew he was in for more sex the next day.

EPILOGUE

After their junior year of college Palmer and Cliff decided to get an apartment for the three of them. Lee was all for it, as by then he was used to having sex with Palmer and Cliff. Ironically all three of them still dated girls and Lee was still dating Betsy. However Betsy found out about Lee and she insisted on being in on the action. Many a weekend Betsy partied with the three guys and even though she never took it in her ass she enjoyed watching Lee get fucked. Betsy also liked having Cliff's and Palmer's big cocks in her mouth and pussy. It was Betsy's idea to have Lee dress up like a girl when he was at the apartment. Betsy thought that Lee had the best name for a dual role since it could be either a boy's or girl's name.

Cliff and Palmer enjoyed the dress up and role playing games that they had with Lee and they had Betsy to thank for that. Of course they way they thanked her was to fill her pussy with their big dicks. Cliff and Palmer still dated other girls but the pressure of getting laid every date was a thing of the past. Cliff and Palmer knew that they always had Betsy's mouth and pussy or Lee's ass and mouth to use when needed.

One Saturday afternoon the three guys were sitting around the apartment somewhat bored when Lee suggested that he get dressed up. He told Cliff and Palmer to get undressed and that he would be right back. Then Lee went to his room to change clothes. Lee came back into the family room dressed in the school girl uniform that Betsy had bought for him. Lee smiled at Palmer and Cliff's nakedness and his cock was already hard in his panties from anticipation.

"My clit is so hard," Lee said as he lifted his skirt and pulled his panties down below his crotch, his 6" dick catching in the waistband and letting it bounce in front of him.

The Cliff and Palmer just smiled at Lee. Cliff walked over to him and took hold of Lee's cock as he did he felt his own cock hardening. Palmer was amused at the Betsy's and Lee's creativity.

"What is your name little girl?" Cliff asked Lee.

"Lee," Lee answered as if he was very shy.

"I see, well it's nice to meet you Lee. You're right your clit is very hard what caused that to happen?" Cliff played along with his roommate.

"Well Betsy told me that when I got here that there would be two big hard cocks waiting for me and I have been thinking about them ever since," Lee replied.

"Are these two big enough and hard enough for you Lee?" Palmer asked as he and Cliff stroked their erect dicks. 

"Oh yes they are big and hard!" Lee exclaimed.
