 My girlfriend and I have a really close relationship. We are both in our late 20s, have careers, and have been together for a while. We are very open about our interests, our sexuality, who we are attracted to, and all of our fetishes. 

We fool around a lot and like to talk dirty to each other about our fetishes. One particular fetish that I've always had is inviting another man into the bedroom, specifically to help me please my significant other. 

I always thought it was a weird fetish. I've told other girlfriends that I've had and have had some awkward responses. But when I told Jane, she was very understanding; after some time she even began to enjoy the fantasies. 

We would talk a lot about different scenarios where a guy could be introduced to our sex life and how comfortable we would be with it. But most of the time it was all talk and fantasy. 

We would fantasize about meeting a guy out at a bar and seducing him to come back. Another scenario was about her getting a massage from another man and having it turn erotic. We even talked about her hooking up with another guy altogether when I'm not around. 

One night we were having sex. Long intimate sex, the kind that when you finish she wants to jump right back on and ride you until you cum again. After I came a second time we were talking more about sex and our fantasies. 

We had a vacation coming up to a remote mountain town. As I alluded to before, we had fantasized about picking up another guy at the bar and trying to bring him back. 

"Do you think we are ready to live out one of our fantasy?" I asked as we lay in bed. 

"Which one?" She replied, still tired from sex.

"What if when we were out on the town next week, we tried to hook you up with another guy?"

"I think it would be very enjoyable, but how comfortable do you actually think you'd be about it?" 

I pondered this thought many times. It was all fine and dandy when it's in your head, but when you actually see your girlfriend with another man, what happens? 

At this point, though, the burning desire to have it happen was clouding any thought of jealousy. 

"I think we could try to start something slow and see where it goes. Maybe we could find a guy and you can be very flirty with him, and if I'm comfortable we can see how far we can take it." 

Jane seemed to like this idea. Whenever she gets horny, she does this really sexy hip squirm. 

"Okay, let's try it" she said to me as her hips started to dig into the bed. 

We talked a little bit more over the next week about how it could happen and different scenarios that would turn it into a possibility. Ultimately we decided that we were going to head to a bar and be there together, but we did not want to give out a vibe that we were in a relationship, and see if we could find a guy she'd be interested in. 

The time had finally come for us to go. We packed up our stuff and headed to town. It was about a three hour drive and I was burning with anticipation that I might actually live out my fantasy. 

I had an erection the entire drive and it didn't help that Jane was wearing a really sexy skin tight outfit with a low cut shirt and her hair and makeup done just how I like it. 

Jane has brown hair that's about shoulder length and a little wavy, 5' 1" tall with curvy hips, 34 D boobs, and a nicely shaped ass. She has great hips and a tiny waist that looks so sexy the way it curves out. She has a pretty athletic build with naturally muscular legs and a great stomach. Any guy would love to have her. 

We got to the hotel and tonight was the night. We were going to try and find another guy for Jane. 

Before we headed out to the bar, Jane asked me "Are you sure you're ready for this?" 

I told her "As long as I know you're doing this for me, I think I can handle it." 

She gave me a long embrace and then we headed out to one of the local bars. 

There was some music playing, but it wasn't so loud that you couldn't hear anyone speak. The bar was about half full. It seemed like it could comfortably fit about 50 people. I tried to make it a point to not seem like I was Jane's boyfriend in order not to deter a guy from wanting to flirt with her. We walked up to the bar and ordered a drink. 

"So? Any guys in here that look like they might be your type?" 

Jane looked around the bar and looked slightly disappointed. I took a look with her and, honestly, I couldn't see much other than some couples our age, some older men, and a group of girls. 

"Not right now, but give it time." She answered. 

We had a few drinks and each of us were starting to get a little bit of a buzz. It was time to break the seal, so I went over to the bathroom. 

When I came out, much to my surprise, there was a man talking to Jane at the bar. It wasn't 100% her type, but he seemed relatively attractive. I kind of stayed on the sideline for an extra minute or so to gauge how interested she might be in him. 

He must have told a joke and she laughed and touched his arm. I instantly got aroused. Watching her be touchy with another man instantly made me start to grow. 

He asked to buy her a drink and she obliged. I decided it was an okay time to walk back over. Jane saw me coming and introduced me to her new friend. 

"Darren, meet Chris, he's here in town on business." I shook his hand. 

"Nice to meet you man." 

I stood on the other side of Chris, further trying to emphasize that Jane wasn't my girlfriend. As we were leaning over the bar, I noticed how much Chris was looking down Jane's shirt every time she looked away. 

"How do you guys know each other?" Chris asked. 

"Darren and I went to college together. We had an on and off thing for a while but we stayed in touch." 

Perfect ad libbing. It allowed us to be sexual but did not show us as committed. 

"Oh that's cool, I'm glad you guys decided to stay friends after so long." Chris said. 

After some time had passed, our buzz was intensifying, and Jane was getting more and more flirty with Chris. She made deep eye contact with him, started standing much closer to him, and was beginning to get very touchy. 

Every once in a while, Chris would get really close to her, grab her waist, and whisper something in her ear. I could see the smile on her face. I couldn't hear what he was saying, but it was definitely flattering to Jane. She always looked over his shoulder making eye contact with me while he did it. 

"I'm going to run to the bathroom, I hope you're not gone by the time I get back." Chris said to Jane. 

"I won't be." Jane replied with a smile. 

"How are you feeling?" Jane asked me. 

"Horny" I said with a laugh. "What was he saying in your ear?" 

"He told me how beautiful I was, he told me I had a killer body, and he asked if it was okay that he was so flirty in front of you. I told him it was fine."

"Do you think you're going to take it up a notch?"

"We will see how it goes, but I'm for it, how about you?" she said to me with an anticipative grin. 

"Oh I'm definitely game."

Chris returned, and it was my turn to head to the pisser again. Chris was very close to Jane when he returned. His right hip was touching her left hip as they both stood at the bar. He put his hand on her lower back as he returned. 

I walked over to the bathroom while hearing her laugh again. I audibly heard her reply "You're cute." He must have said something else flattering. 

I took a nice long piss and tucked my boner back into my belt line. 

As I walked out, Chris was fully turned to Jane and she was half turned to him. He was very close to her, whispering something else in her ear. I couldn't read his lips to see what he said, but Janes hips did a little squirm as she got really close to Chris and had her hand on his waist. 

As he pulled back from his whisper he stayed very close to her face as she had just completely turned her hips to him and got close enough to touch her tits to his chest. She was looking up to him. 

After a few seconds of eye contact, he leaned into her. Jane tilted her head ever so slightly, pulled her hips forward, and leaned back in. Slowly, their lips came together for a deep kiss. Chris put his hand on her waist and Jane put her hand on Chris' chest and gently opened her mouth on his lips. 

I was firing up watching her. I was fully erect at by now and I started to get precum all over my boxers. 

They started passionately kissing at the bar. Jane had fully embraced Chris and had both arms around him, her hips touching his, and gently rubbing his sides while Chris was rubbing his hands up and down her back and head. 

After about 15 seconds of this Jane pulled back. Chris leaned back in for one more playful kiss and then Jane started walking to the bathroom wiping her lips. 

She walked passed me, winked, and said, "You better fuck me later." 

You've got nothing to worry about there. 

"Some girl." Chris said to me as he looked like he had just been hit with Cupid's bow. 

"Yeah she's great man."

"Is this making you uncomfortable at all? I feel like I could be making this awkward for you. You both came here together, but I assumed you weren't in a relationship. I know Jane said you had some history."

I thought a second about how I would reply. 

"No, not at all. To be completely honest with you, I've always wanted to watch her with another guy. It's a weird fetish of mine." 

Chris paused. He had that sort of look that some of my ex girlfriends had gave me. 

"Really? Does she know? Have you ever done it?"

"Of course she knows, but, no we've never had the opportunity. Honestly, it would be great to be involved too" I said with a chuckle. "But I never thought it would be easy to find a guy willing."

"That's really interesting man." Chris said looking up in thought. "To be honest, I've thought of swinging a little myself with my exes, I just could never go through with it." 

Jane had returned. We were about halfway through our drinks when they called last call. 

Was it late? Kinda, it was 1:30 am. I had been so used to bars being open so late. 

"That sucks." Jane said as Chris nodded. 

"Chris, you're more than welcome to come with us to our room and hang out for a bit. It's only a block away." I said. 

Jane looked slightly shocked, but it didn't seem like she didn't want to do it. Chris looked at me for a second and then back over to Jane. 

"What do you think?" He said to her. 

"Yeah let's do it" Jane replied. 

We walked back over to our hotel room and at this point I'm almost delirious. I had already seen her flirt and kiss another man and I was ready to rip her clothes apart and empty my load inside of her. 

After some more jokes and flirting between Jane and Chris we got back up to the hotel room. 

Chris headed to the bathroom and Jane asked me "Are you comfortable with this? What happens if you're not?" 

"If I'm not, then I will go to the microwave and open it, but other than that, let's see how far we can go." 

"I want to fuck you" she whispered in my ear while nibbling on my neck. As if I wasn't hard enough. 

Chris came out. Jane went to sit down on the couch and Chris sat close to her with his hand on her leg. Man I had to piss again. I passed them both a beer and headed to the bathroom. 

After I was done pissing I swore I heard her moaning for a second. I turned on the water to wash my hands. There was a tiny little hole to grab the slide door that was just big enough to peek out of. Jane was actually the one who pointed it out to me when we got in. 

"Oh, wouldn't this be perfect?" 

It sure as shit was. I looked through and had a perfect view of the couch. Chris was leaning over making out with Jane. His right hand was high up her inner thigh her left hand was wrapped around his head and her right hand was gently tugging his waistline. 

I had to let this go for a second. I pulled out my erect cock and played. 

Chris' hand slowly moved up Jane's leg as she started to squirm a little. He passed her waist and into the bottom of her shirt, gently moving up until he got to her tits. They seemed like they had taken their kissing to the next level, Jane aggressively grabbing Chris closer. 

I knew Jane loved when he tits got played with and she let out an audible moan and squirmed into the couch. She took her left hand off his head and slowly started moving down his chest. Just as she got to his stomach above his belt. I turned to shut off the water. I tucked my cock back in and started heading out. 

They were both reaching for their beer. 

We sparked up some more convo and Jane decided to go to the bathroom to change. 

"She's a great kisser isn't she?" I said to Chris. 

He must've known at this point that I've seen them, or at least knew. 

"Yeah man, she's really good." 

"Does it make you uncomfortable that I'm here?"

"Honestly, I'm not too worried about it. I'm having fun."

Jane came back. She was wearing leggings and a nude cami with no bra. Fuck she looked hot. She touched my leg as she walked back to the couch. 

"So, Darren told me he was into you with other guys." 

Jane looked a little shocked that this conversation had come up. 

"Yeah it's a fetish of his. We always talked about it but nothing ever came about until today. He'd love to have a threesome." she said as she laughed. 

"It seemed kind of weird to me when he first told me, but I kind of get it. It's pretty hot to watch a girl fuck around."

The more we talked about it the more excited I got. I was a minute away from cumming in my pants. 

Chris grabbed Janes leg again and leaned in to kiss her. 

Holy shit, it was happening right in front of me. 

Jane leaned into him and started kissing him back. I could see her tongue moving in and out of his mouth. Chris pulled her leg over him and Jane was now straddling him on the couch. 

Chris' hands were started creeping up the back of Jane's cami. Oh no, the jealousy finally hit. Shit. I went over to the microwave but just before I got there, my instinct turned on, and I was back in full sex mode. 

I grabbed a beer and watched from the kitchen. Jane started grinding him and moaning. All I could see was her cami half pulled up and her grinding his waist. 

After another few seconds, her cami slid up a little more. I couldn't see but her tits had to be out at this point, at least partially. Jane pulled her head back and Chris pulled her chest in his face. She let out a big moan. 

I walked back over to the chair by the couch to get a better view. Jane looked at me and made longing eye contact while her tits were in his mouth. 

"Aren't you going to pull out your cock?" Jane said to me. 

Chris paused for a second and looked at her. 

"Do you mind?" She asked him. 

Chris looked at me and said to her "no that's fine." 

She went back down to kiss him and I pulled out my fully erect cock and started stroking it gently. Jane looked over to me and got really aroused and started grinding Chris harder. Chris reached up and started trying to pull off Jane's top. She looked to me for approval and I nodded. 

Chris pulled off her cami and she was now bare chest on top of this random guy making out and grinding him. It had only been a couple minutes but it felt like an eternity. She leaned back in to make out while he fondled her tits. 

My cock was throbbing and dripping cum. 

They took a quick pause for a drink. 

"Look at that cock." Jane said to me with a sexy look. "It really gets me going."

"How about two of them." Chris said. 

Shit. We have already gone really far. This IS my girlfriend we are talking about. But, my burning desire to live out my fantasy was turning off any thoughts of reason. 

"I don't know. What do you think Darren?" Jane said to me. 

She seemed like she would be okay with it. 

I said to myself, fuck it. 

"Up to you." I replied. 

She thought for a second, she was probably in the same boat as me. 

"Just no penetration." I added. 

This seemed like a good enough boundary for her. 

"I'm okay with it." She said to him. 

He proceeded to stand up and drop his pants facing Jane sitting on the couch. I couldn't see, but his cock must've been right in front of her face as she was slightly leaned over. She touched his leg and looked at his cock as he sat back down. 

Now Jane had two guys with their dicks out in front of her. Something she had never done before. 

"Why don't you go with Darren for a minute, I kind of want to see what he gets out of it." 

Yes! this is exactly what I want. A great segue into a possible threesome, though I don't think I want her to bang him. 

She smiles and comes right over to me and straddles me. I pull the rest of my pants down and we start making out in the chair. I could feel how wet she was through her leggings. I was grabbing her amazing ass as she grinded my cock and shoved her tongue down my throat. 

"I think I'd like you grinding on me more without the leggings." 

Jane looked at me. She was so horny that I think she was down for anything. She stood up, took off her pants, and climbed back on and started grinding me again. 

I started grabbing her tits with one hand and gently move her thong aside with my other hand so her wet lips would wrap around my cock while she was grinding me. That really did it for her. 

She let out her loudest moan yet and had such a sexy face, the face she makes right after I slide my cock inside of her during sex. Damn, Chris must have such a good view. Jane is moaning really loud, her bald wet pussy is dripping on my cock as she's trying to make herself cum. 

"Man this is hot" Chris says aloud. 

"I want to see" I say as I look up at Jane. 

She smiles at me and heads back over to Chris and straddles him again. She flips her hair over and nestles his cock in between her pussy lips not having adjusted her panties from before. 

I reposition my chair to get a better angle. I can see Chris' cock as Jane slides her lips up and down his shaft. She reaches back to play with his balls and cock for a second. She's going pretty fast. She puts her hands back on his shoulders and starts to slow down. She goes deep down his shaft and back up to his head. 

Then, it happened. She had been going slow and intense for a little while when she lost control and, for a split second, Chris' head popped into her pussy. She let out a big gasp. It was a sexy moan, but she knew I didn't want penetration. 

She pulled his cock back out and turned to me and said "I'm sorry." 

I know I should've been jealous another mans cock just penetrated my girlfriend. 

"Did you like it?" I asked her. 

She said "of course I liked it." 

I liked it too, a lot. I wanted to see it again. 

"It was just a mistake, I was into it." 

She went back to grinding her clit on him and letting him kiss her tits. She went faster again, grinding his cock up and down moaning loudly with her head turned to me making eye contact as I stroked my cock. Her ass looked amazing bouncing up and down on her hips. 

Then it happened again. Only this time, she was going so fast that Chris' cock slid all the way inside of her. Imagine how wet she had to be to have a cock slide in her that effortlessly. She let out a huge moan. Her eyes were rolled back in her head while she looked at me. She was so carried away by how good it felt she even squirmed for a second while his cock was deep inside of her. 

She pulled it back out slowly and said "Sorry." again with a moan. 

"I want to be the next one to accidentally slip my cock inside of you" I said to her. 

She looked at Chris. 

"Come over here and join the fun." Chris said to me. 

I walked over and joined them on the couch. We were sitting about a foot apart and Jane climbed off of him and back onto me. Her cum was covering her inner thigh. She wasted no time pulled her panties fully aside and slid my cock inside of her and started riding me. Chris was watching and stroking his cock. 
