 My wife, Kathy and I sat silently, lost in our thoughts as we drove to the place of our long awaited rendezvous. Both of us were too nervous to speak as we contemplated making real what had only been fantasy. Over the course of the years we had talked with each other about fantasies involving an additional person or couple joining us for a night of uninhibited sexual play. But we had all but resigned that to fantasy, not expecting to ever actually try to make it real. Then a few months ago we made contact with another couple who had similar fantasies through the Internet. Although we were somewhat older then this couple (they late twenties, us early forties), through e-mail exchanges and phone conversations the four of us really clicked. Now we had finally agreed to meet for dinner and well hopefully more. Neither our new friends nor us had ever participated in a group thing.

Visions of the possible combinations danced in my head as I drove, almost on autopilot, toward the meeting place. Kathy and I had discussed the possibilities a lot recently, but I had not been brave enough to mention my desire for the inclusion of guy on guy contact. Kathy had told me of her own girl to girl experimentation in high school. She said she made out with a girl on a sleep over and then they played with each other's tits and pussies, but it hadn't progressed to oral sex, as she had wanted it too. Even when my bride told me that she hoped the encounter would give her the opportunity to taste Jill's sweet pussy, I still could not find the courage to tell her that I wanted to know the feel of Bob's cock in my mouth. I hoped that it would just happen in the course of events. I had never sucked a man's cock before and wasn't really sure how to do it, but figured it would come naturally once I started.

I was shaken from my thoughts when I realized the exit for the small town we had chosen for our meeting was up ahead. The restaurant was located in a charming old hotel that was recently renovated. I had made a reservation for a large room with king-sized bed and Jacuzzi. Even if the four of us did not end up in bed together, I did not have any intention of driving home tonight. As I pulled into the parking lot of the elegant old building my heart was racing. We had intentionally arrived early so we would have time to check-in and dress for the evening ahead. The room was beautiful and certainly would make for a great place for our first foursome. There was plenty of space to engage in almost any imaginable combinations. The bathroom, with the Jacuzzi that was large enough for four, took my breath away.

Kathy and I decided to shower again before the meeting. I guess our nerves had led to extra sweating. We stripped and got in the shower together, as is our custom when time is short. As we washed naturally our soap covered slippery bodies rubbed each other. The contact, along with my thoughts of what may be in store this evening soon had my cock growing erect. Kathy smiled at me when my cock poked her. She reached down and began washing my balls and member with her lather covered hands. I washed her melon-like tits as she began stroking my now throbbing cock. Soon I was finger fucking her hot cunt and massaging her clit. The warm water cascading over her tits and my fingers probing her pussy and massaging her clit brought her to a powerful orgasm. She grabbed my shoulders as her knees buckled slightly. Her moaning always excited me and I could feel my cock twitching. When her climax subsided she dropped to her knees and began sucking my fuck rod. Kathy is an accomplished cock sucker and soon coaxed my warm sticky cum from me. I shot ribbon after ribbon of cum into her waiting mouth. I had to hold her shoulder to avoid collapsing. As the last drips of cum trickled into her mouth, we realized it was getting late. 

We quickly finished our shower and went to dress for our evening. As I was pulling up my under shorts my wife said, "Wait I have something for you!" Without my knowledge she had purchased sexy new underthings for both of us. I had never worn so small a pair of briefs but figured what the heck, if she thinks it is sexy maybe our friends will too. Actually, I am not sure you would even call these briefs. When I pulled them on I realized my ass was nearly completely exposed. The only thing covered was my cock and balls, which were contained in a pouchlike part. I guess what I was now wearing would be a male g-string. Kathy smiled and said I looked so hot her cunt was getting damp. 

As I continued to dress, I watched Kathy put on her new lingerie. First the red lacey thong panties. No wonder she had shaved her bush so small this morning, I thought. Then she pulled on the matching garter belt. She had worn one similar on our honeymoon to surprise me. I nearly came in my pants the first time I saw her in it. She slowly rolled the nearly nude color nylons up each leg and hooked the garters to each wide hem. Then she stood and put on the sexiest pushup bra I have ever seen. 

She said, "well, what do you think?" 

In answer I took her hand and placed it on my bulging cock. She giggled and said I hope Bob and Jill like it. She finished dressing by stepping into a red cocktail dress that was very short and cut low so as to show off the cleavage that her new bra was accentuating. We kissed tenderly and told each other how much we loved the other. I knew that tonight I would watch another man fuck my wife for the first time. I would most likely also see my wife lick a woman's cunt and clit. Hopefully, I would get a chance to suck my first cock. I needed to push these thoughts from my head. If I didn't get my cock to relax walking to the meeting in the hotel bar would be awkward at best. Kathy walked to the honor bar and fixed both of us a strong drink. 

"Here, maybe this will help both of us calm down a little," she said, as she handed me the glass. 

We both quickly downed our drinks. A warm tingly feeling enveloped my body, but she was right I was definitely more relaxed and my cock had deflated enough to walk to the bar. On the ride down the elevator my hands were shaking. I glanced at Kathy and saw she too was twitching nervously. 

I took her hand and smiled and said, "It is going to be great." 

Then the elevator stopped on the third floor. When the door opened there stood Bob and Jill. Obviously they too had taken a room in the hotel. 

"Well what a surprise meeting you here," Bob said casually. 

I was nearly too stunned to speak, but did manage to extend my hand and say hi. Bob took my hand in his and half hugged me with the other while the girls embraced. To anyone witnessing the scene it would look as if two long-time friendly couples had met by surprise. 

Bob realizing how nervous I was said, "wow, we need to get to the bar. You could really use a drink." 

Jill added, "our room is closer and the mini-bar is fully stocked. 

Kathy immediately chimed in, "great idea!" and smiled at Jill. 

The four of us headed down the hall toward our destiny. Walking behind Jill, I saw that she too had dressed up for the occasion. She was wearing a short tight dress that allowed me to see the tops of her nylons and the clips of her garter belt as her swishing ass pulled up the dress. I wondered if Jill and Kathy had talked and made plans or it was just coincidence. When we entered the room, I saw it was a carbon copy of ours four floors above. 

As Bob, headed for the bar to make drinks he said, "Great room huh?" 

I said, "yes, we have one just like it upstairs," and we all laughed. 

Jill said, "I guess we should have planned better," and winked at Kathy, "such a waste to have two rooms when one is all we need." 

We had a couple of drinks and talked for awhile. Then Jill asked Kathy to come to the dressing area to see something she bought earlier. When the women returned they had removed their dresses and were standing in the same sexy lingerie outfits. 

They said, "Surprise! We met a few days ago and went shopping." 

Bob and I both stared at our wives. I wondered what else they might have done, knowing how much Kathy wanted to be with Jill, but I decided to let it pass. The girls walked over to us and Kathy sat in Bob's lap and Jill sat in mine. Jill and I kissed deeply, our tongues dancing erotically. I didn't close my eyes because I wanted to watch Bob and my wife. They too were making out. My cock was growing hard and felt uncomfortable trapped in the tight thong Kathy had given me. I wondered if Bob was wearing similar underwear. I didn't have long to wonder. The girls stood up and walked to the bed and sat together and asked us to strip for them. 

I would have run through the streets naked if those two had requested it then. They looked amazingly hot sitting close together in those incredibly sexy outfits. Bob and I stood side by side and slowly removed our ties and began unbuttoning our shirts. The girls put their arms around each other and cuddled as Bob and I dropped our shirts to the ground and kicked off our shoes. 

"Yes boys! Show us some cock!" Jill called out. 

Almost in unison Bob and I removed our belts slowly and unsnapped our pants. The girls were now stroking each other's thighs. I was almost dizzy with excitement. Not only was I striping with a man who's hard dick pushed at his pants but also I was watching my wife slowly start to make it with a hot woman. Bob and I slowly lowered our zippers and turned around before dropping our pants. As I suspected Bob was wearing a pair of skimpy underwear, similar to the ones Kathy had given me earlier. After removing our pants we both bent over and shook our exposed asses at the girls. 

Looking over my shoulder I saw that our wives were now kissing on the bed. My cock twitched with excitement and I decided it was time Bob and I got in on the action a little. As we turned, we came face to face and on impulse I put my hands on Bob's shoulders, stopping the turn. I had no idea what I was going to do, but was reassured when Bob smiled at me. I let my hands slide down his arms, which led me to the waistband of his thong. Following my lead, Bob placed his hands on the waistband of my thong. The girls whistled their encouragement. Looking over I saw that they were now fingering each other's clits and staring intently to see what their husbands would do next. 

Bob said, "Lets see what you got in there, Chuck," and carefully pulled the waistband over my swollen member. 

At the same time I released Bob's cock from its cloth prison. I knelt slightly and slowly pulled his skimpy underthing to the floor, staring at his beautiful cock the whole time. I wanted to take him in my mouth but the time wasn't right. I heard one of the girls softly moan as I stood. Now it was Bob's turn to finish undressing me. He went to his knees and even more slowly then I had, pulled off the sexy cock holder that I had been wearing. His face was tantalizingly close to my sex tools. His hot breathe making my cock twitch with each exhale. 

He looked up at me, smiling and said, "Nice cock," as he slowly licked his lips. 

As he stood he ran his hands along my legs. I thought I would shoot my load right then. When we turned we saw that the girls were now seriously fingering each other. I could tell from Kathy's moaning that she was close to orgasm. Bob and I walked over to the bed and stood in front of each other's wife, our hard cocks pointing at their mouths. The women needed no instruction. While they continued to finger each other with one hand they took our cocks in the other and began licking us. Soon Bob and I were being deep throated by the other's wife, while the girls fingered fucked each other. Watching my wife suck another man was incredible and Jill was giving me one of the best blow jobs I had ever had. 

I was in a lustful euphoria and instinctively reached over and began massaging Bob's balls. To my surprise Bob leaned over and kissed me. As my tongue touched another man's tongue for the first time, I begin shooting globs of hot sticky cum into Jill's mouth. Kathy's moaning told me that she too was cumming. I kissed Bob hard as my orgasm reached its peak. Bob and I broke off our kiss as my cock slipped from Jill's mouth. 

Licking her lips, Jill said, "your cum is delicious, Chuck." 

Bob was now holding Kathy's head and fucking her mouth as if it were a cunt. I dropped to my knees and pulled off Jill's sexy panties. I could feel they were soaked in her cunt juices from Kathy's fingering her. Kathy continued finger fucking Jill's hot cunt as I buried my face in her crotch and lustfully licked her clit. Soon Bob was cumming, filling my wife's mouth with his salty goo. I could see Kathy was enjoying the taste of a new man. I thought how much I wanted to taste him, but for now I was enjoying the taste of his hot wife. Jill was wriggling and moaning loudly. Her sounds were incredibly erotic. When Jill finally came, I thought I would cum again just listening to her. Not letting her orgasm end I turned her over and quickly slammed my once again rock hard cock into her amazingly hot juicy cunt. She cried out for me to fuck her hard. 

Bob, who was now undressing my wife added, "Oh yes Chuck, fuck my little bitch good!" 

Bob's words were like a jolt of electricity causing me to hump his pretty young wife harder. Soon Jill was screaming as she had several orgasms in row. Her orgasms caused her cunt to suck at my cock and soon I shot a load of cum deep into her pussy. Bob was now on top on Kathy, sucking her beautiful tits hard, his cock buried in her cunt. 

My wife was screaming, "Fuck me hard, Bob! Give that damn cock! Cum in my cunt!" 

I was surprised at how into this Kathy had gotten. As Bob and Kathy shared a powerful orgasm, I helped Jill out of the rest of the lingerie she was wearing. I kissed and suck Jill's beautiful tits. Her amazingly large nipples were intoxicating. But having cum three times in short order, my cock was not responding. I knew I needed rest before I could continue. I went to the bed and lay down. Bob and Kathy were already resting after having fucked hard. Jill apparently was not ready for rest. She walked to the side of the bed where Kathy was lying and crawled in. This forced Bob to slide over toward me. Bob and I watched as the ladies slid into a sixty-nine position. Kathy and Jill licked each other enjoying the taste of cunt juice mixed with man cum that was leaking from their pussies. Despite my almost spent condition, watching these two hot women eat each other, once again roused my cock. 

I noticed that Bob's cock had also began to grow again. I reached over and began gently massaging Bob's balls. He soon began to stroke my hardening cock. Bob and I kissed for the second time that night. I couldn't believe how natural it now seemed to be kissing a man and playing with his cock and balls. I whispered in Bob's ear that I wanted to suck his cock. Without waiting for a reply I moved into a sixty-nine position. As I began to kiss Bob's cock head, I felt his tongue on my balls. 

Next to us our wives had made each other cum and were now watching us suck cock for the first time. Bob and I continued to lick and suck each other's genitals until we were both hard and throbbing. Then we mounted our own wives. We slowly fucked, lying next to each other, our four bodies touching, and our hungry mouths contacting whatever skin was near. After some time the four of us came almost as one. We were thoroughly spent and the four of us slept wrapped together in each other's arms.