 My wife and I had been in and around the swinger lifestyle for a couple years at this point. Up until now, we had been mostly soft swap. In other words, she played with the girls, while the husbands and I participated, but not with the other wife. We had full swapped in the same room once or twice, but not much. That also meant I hadn't been able to REALLY watch her with another guy. 

I knew I really enjoyed seeing her be pleasured by someone else, but had never been able to watch her with another guy very closely. Then we met Bob. A single guy, fairly well known in the circle we played in. He was late 30's, successful, and a genuinely nice guy. The two of them hit it off quickly. A few weeks later, I was working, and they ended up at the same party. He asked if we ever played with single guys, she said no, but we weren't opposed. Over the next few days we talked it over, and planned a date.

The day came and we went to his place for dinner. It was perfectly comfortable. He was a true gentleman. I never felt left out, or like I was a third wheel at all. We had a nice dinner, and drinks, then he asked if we'd like to go upstairs and watch some porn. We eagerly agreed. His bedroom was huge. Huge king sized, four poster bed, with a large tv mounted on the wall. He dialed up some porn that he obviously had hand-picked...all threesome, and all MFM. 

We settled into his bed, my wife in the middle and made small talk and watched the porn. He would point out a position, or something and ask what we thought. He was definitely feeling our comfort levels out.

After a short while, they began rubbing and touching, then kissing. I was propped on an elbow with a bird's eye view of all the action! I was almost instantly hard. He was very attentive, not pushy at all. He talked and kept an eye on the tv the whole time. Finally, I suggested we all get more comfortable, which we quickly did. He stripped completely naked with his back turned, which enabled her some privacy as well. When he turned around, I was mildly shocked. No one had mentioned his cock. His definitely larger than average cock. My 1st reaction was a twinge of jealousy. 2nd was a little bit of insufficiency. Neither were normal for me! Then...I looked over at HER reaction. Mouth slightly open, face flushed, and starting right at his half hard, 7 or so inch cock. She almost pulled him back onto the bed by his cock. She couldn't wait to get her hands on it!

He chuckled a little bit but complied quickly! I was naked now, and resumed my position next to her, propped up on my elbow. She sat up and laid him down in her spot so she could properly worship his now fully erect cock. A quick side note about my wife, she is a cocksucking master. Easily one of the best. No gag reflex at all, and she genuinely loves to do it.

She took her place between his legs, spreading them nice and wide, and proceeds to devour his cock. Within the first 5 seconds he's moaning and breathing heavy. It's right about then that I realize I am laying mere inches from this guy as my wife is giving him an award-winning blow job...and I am furiously stroking my own cock at the sight! He looks over, sees me stroking, makes eye contact and smiles. Should have been very awkward, but it wasn't at all. Then he starts talking. Not super dirty...but talking. First to her, "holy shit that feels good", "damn you suck my cock so good". Things like that. Then to me "oh man, your wife is such a good little cock sucker! One lucky man!"

I realized I was seconds from cumming from this! I talked myself down and stopped stroking. I moved off the bed and went around to check out the view from behind her. Her amazing ass up in the air, head bobbing on his cock. I dove right in. She was so wet! He could hear by my noises that she was wet. "Damn, it looks like sucking my cock makes you wet doesn't it? Have you ever had your pussy and ass eaten while sucking cock?" She was just moaning on his cock non-stop by now. I moved around so I could finger her soaking wet pussy and get a view of her and his cock. I tried to move is leg down some so I wasn't on it, but there wasn't really room. Unsure of the proper protocol in those situations I just hesitated and didn't move. He took the cue and bent his knee up to give us both room to work. Now, with my improved angle, I could see that she had made a slobbery mess of his cock, balls, and everywhere else. She also had a finger in his ass. He was bucking against her throat, and her finger and obviously getting close to cumming. She saw the signs and slowed her attack.

He laid back, attempting to regain his composure while I still continued to finger fuck her exactly how she liked it. She looked over at me, hand still around his flawless cock, face shining from sweat and spit, and smiled a sexy smile. I asked if she was having fun, in lieu of an answer, she kissed me, deeply. Once it hit her that she was kissing me with the mouth that had JUST come off of someone else's cock, she stopped and pulled back. To show my approval, I kissed her back, just as deeply.

When we broke the kiss, we realized he was looking at us with a big smile on his face. "I hope that means we are ALL having fun?!" We both nodded yes. "Good, because I'm dying to fuck your wife, if that would be ok with both of you?" 

After a good laugh and approvals, he asked her what position she would like. She said, without hesitation, cowgirl. I took one last long, deep lick of her pussy as she crawled up on top of him and he slid on a condom. I was low enough on the bed I got to watch him penetrate her from that angle. She slowly lowered herself onto his cock. They both exhaled deeply as she reached bottom. I was a mere foot away from a perfect cock entering my wifes pussy and holy shit it was amazing! His balls twitched a few times before she even began to fuck him. I slid up onto the bed so I could see their faces. His eyes were wide open, watching her tiny body glide up and down his cock. Her head was thrown back, eyes closed, mouth open. Once she maneuvered to get him hitting her G-spot, she was on the verge of cumming in seconds. The sound of his cock hitting bottom in her soaking wet pussy filled the room. Then her moans got louder and louder. He was talking the whole time. About how wet, and tight her pussy was. How sexy she was. How lucky I was. 

She was getting close. I knew those sounds. Next thing I realize, shes looking me in the eye. Almost asking if she should cum. I told her I wanted to see her cum on his cock. To use his cock to make her cum. And damn did she. She came, and came, and came. Her pussy juices running down his cock, stomach, balls. Once it had subsided, he deftly lifted her off and asked if he could fuck her missionary. She readily said yes. I moved up to have access to her small, but firm and amazing tits and went to work. He was on his knees, holding her legs up high, and fucking her in long, slow strokes. I had a great angle to look down her stomach and see every stroke. His pace begins to quicken and the strokes became shorter. Without much time to think, or discuss, he asked if he could pull out and come on her stomach. I didn't take her tit out of my mouth long enough to weigh in, but she almost screamed yes.

All of us were breathing raggedly, rocking to the motion of his hammering. Just as I lift my mouth to kiss her open, moaning mouth, he pulls out and pulls off the condom in one motion. The 1st shot hit the opposite nipple, a solid stream from just below her belly button all the way to her tit. The 2nd only slightly shorter. Then the 3rd was massive. I just got a front row seat to a huge load being shot all over my wifes body! I was unconsciously stroking like a madman, and she was so close to her 2nd orgasm. He reached down and began to finger her. Two in her well fucked pussy, and a thumb on her clit. She was bucking and moaning like it was her first one! I resume my attack on her right tit, stroking my cock and watching her build. All of the sudden, another 1st for us...she squirts!! At least a cup of pussy juice shoots from her pussy, onto him, his arm, and hand. Without thinking, I move his hand and DIVE into her still throbbing pussy. Lapping at it like a man dying of thirst. As I'm enjoying this unsuspected treat, I realize that him and I are both rubbing her tits, stomach and whole upper body. Then, out of the corner of my eye I realize he's stroking his still hard cock right next to me. As the smell of both of their orgasms pounds my senses, I hear my wife calling my name. I look up and she's motioning me up to her. I slid up her body and our lips met, just as I slid my cock inside her. 

The feeling of her amazingly wet, freshly fucked pussy was almost too much. I had to sit very still for a few seconds to regain myself. As I did, Bob positioned himself by her head. She eagerly took his cock in her mouth. Now she was in heaven. As was I.  

I arch my back to give me access to her pert tits. With the 1st lick I realized another new thing just happened. I tasted another mans cum. On my wifes tits. She must have realized about the same time, because we made eye contact, my only response was to resume my licking. I could taste his cum, hear her mouth eagerly devouring his cock, and feel how wet her pussy was. I had planned to not cum inside her, in case he was averse to following that, but the moment was too hot. I exploded. Hours...days...of anticipation exploding one after the other into her now twice fucked pussy.

After I came, I continued to enjoy to buffet of cum. I licked my way down through his, to get to hers...and mine. I rolled us over into a 69 with her on top, so not to miss any of the goodness. She showed my cock the same enthusiasm she had been showing his. Bob moved around to the foot of the bed, looking at her ass. He got a finger wet in her pussy and began to play with her tight little asshole. The more he circled it, the more her moans pushed out our cum. As I cleaned the last drop, I realized we may be on the verge of another 1st. It appeared as if he may try to enter her from behind, with me underneath. As my brain tried to process this, she must have realized too and moved off of me to one side for him. At first, relief...quickly followed by disappointment. What a view THAT would have been!

Not that what happened was much less hot though. My sexy little wife got spit-roasted, to her 3rd huge climax of the night. His hands on her ass, mine tangled in her hair, she bounced between our cocks until all 3 of us came again. Bob came first, deep in her pussy, with pounding thrusts. Then I came, at least half, straight down her throat. Which pushed her over the edge. We all collapsed into a pile on the bed. She slowly pulled him up to take off the condom and clean off his now flaccid cock.

As soon as he was clean, he pulled her up for a deep kiss, surprising us both. We lounged and giggled for quite a while. More kissing and fondling took place, but the night of firsts was winding down. Our first MFM threesome was a smashing success. We all had fun, and learned a few things about ourselves for sure. I was now HOOKED on seeing her cum with others. I was HOOKED on seeing her make guys cum. And I was definitely hooked on how amazing her pussy felt when freshly fucked by someone else!

The ride home was great. The car smelled like cum. She was literally glowing. At one point I looked over, she was about half asleep, and was gently rubbing her nipple through her shirt. Perfect!