 The date started like so many before, going out for some fun social time, we went to dinner and a movie. and then just walked along the bustling street for a while, it was getting late, Ed and Sue both invited us over to their home to carry on the great conversations we were having throughout the night.

We got back to the house, shoes came off, and we decided to take a seat on the couch, Ed and I sat down expecting Beth and Sue to join us, but they stopped and stood in clear view in front of us. Beth and Sue both moved to hug each other as they both said their pleasantries for a great evening out. Something we all needed badly. 

I thought they would both take a seat with their respective spouses, but instead what I saw was something unexpected. The gentle friendly hug included a quick kiss on the lips; they separated lips for a moment and then suddenly moved in closer. 

They began embracing and kissing harder, more passionately with open mouths. , they began wrapping arms tighter and continued heavier kissing, tongues darting in and out of each other's mouths. Beth reached upward and started to cup Sue's breasts, rubbing them, feeling nipples get harder, Sue reciprocated by running her hands up under Beth's top to feel her nipples growing through her soft bra.

Ed and I were sitting watching. I asked how he is enjoying the sight of our wives kissing and feeling each other. He said it was hot, and that his cock was growing. I told him to not be shy, take his cock out and I would do the same. All the while we are watching the women start removing one article of clothing at a time, first their tops, then their bras. We could hear the breathing getting a little heavier between Beth and Sue as they removed the last article of clothing, their panties which were finally removed and tossed to the side; both women were now fingering each other. Pushing their two larger fingers into each other's dripping pussies.

As Ed and I keep watching the women, get into the moment, I look over and see Ed's nice seven inch cock standing firm, my cock was already standing by the time I removed my pants and underwear.

As the women got right into their passionate sexual activity they both could see their husbands' cocks, standing at attention. Sue and Beth both watched me start to stroke my cock, Ed followed suit and started stroking his. Beth looked over long enough to see me slowly stroking my cock and said that I should reach over and stroke Ed's hard cock. Sue asked Ed to do the same. We exchange grasps; the two men held each other's' cocks in their hands and were now slowly stroking each other.

As we continued to rub our cocks, and watch the incredibly erotic show by our wives, I see Beth suddenly guide Sue back into a seated position, next to where Ed and I were sitting, stroking each other, Beth places her face right on Sue's wet pussy, Beth began to lick her pussy, tasting the sweetness which flowed with every lick. 

We were mesmerized by the erotic sight happening right next to us, Beth was enjoying the taste and the feel of Sue's soft body. Beth began running her hands upwards to Sue's breasts, feeling her still hard nipples between her fingers,.

I was dripping pre-cum, as was Ed, I looked at how hard and big his cock was, and I was drawn towards it. I leaned over and licked the tip tasting all his glistening pre-cum, covering his head. I opened my mouth to take in his swollen cock, 

The sight now was of a couple orally servicing another couple. This was overwhelming to our senses. I kept sucking his hard cock, taking it deep into my wet and warm mouth, running my tongue as I sucked with more force,

Beth and Sue both kept watching me devour Ed's cock and that only drew Sue closer to orgasm, she was moaning louder as Beth continued to drink all of Sue's warm juice draining into her mouth. 

I gave one last forceful suck of Ed's stiff cock and got up; I whispered to Ed that I wanted him to Fuck Beth. I want to see your cock sliding in and out of her sweet warm pussy. 

Ed got up and walked over to Beth who was now bending over as she continued to eat Sue, I could see her pause from tasting Sue at the moment she felt Ed enter her. As I watched Ed fuck my wife, I saw how much she was enjoying the sensation of having another man's cock buried deep inside of her. She felt the head rubbing inside; it was sending heavy sensations of excitement through her body. 

She moved from the chair where Sue was sitting to a kneeling on all fours on the floor. Ed continued to fuck her from behind, Beth began to buck back and forth pushing onto Ed's accepting cock. 

I took Sue's hand and pulled her close to me, we embraced and started kissing. Sue reached down and started stroking my cock, and could feel the precum which was draining along the shaft. She used both hands to feel the fullness of my cock, as we continued to taste each other's tongues. 

Sue dropped to her knees and took my cock into her waiting mouth, sucking and swallowing the precum which had sat waiting to be taken.

As she kept giving me her mouth I could see Beth motion for Ed to top mount her and fuck her missionary so she could spread her legs wide while he pushed his cock deep inside again. She wrapped her arms around his neck pulling his mouth to her lips. She kissed him, his hips pushed downward, and she pushed her hips upward forcing his stiffness into her.

Sue and I watched Ed and Beth getting more into the ecstasy of my wife and Sue's husband fucking and moaning. Sue withdrew her mouth and turned around exposing her smooth and soft ass. She spread her legs wanting me to enter her, as Ed had done with Beth.

I positioned myself with the head of my cock brushing Sue's clit and wet opening, I did not just push myself inside of Sue, I took hold of my cock and started massaging Sue's clit with the head of my cock. I had my left hand on her hip, and with ever stroke I made on her clit, I could feel her body motion back wanting me to enter her. 

As I teased Sue's clit with my cock, I could hear Beth and Ed's breathing getting heavier, I knew they would cum at any moment, As that thought entered my mind, my wife shooting her orgasm all over another man's cock buried inside her, I chose to stop teasing and slid myself inside of Sue, as soft moans of pleasure filled her lungs, I placed my hands on her hips, and then wrapped my arms around her to feel her soft nipples protruding and hard. 

We both fucked in rhythm, as I pushed into her, she pushed onto me. The sensation was sending electricity through my body. I could feel Susan getting wetter as she began to fuck me faster. 

Ed and I looked at each other fucking each other's wives and their body's taking in another man's cock for the first time. The sights and sounds were hard to ignore, we enjoyed everything we were seeing tasting, feeling and doing. 

Suddenly I felt Sue bucking faster and breathing louder, moans straining to pierce past her lips. Beth was moving her body faster, and more forcefully, wanting to cum badly as this hard seven inch cock was readying to shoot its hot cum deep inside of her. 

We all looked at each other and with one last tense moment we let go of the strain we made holding back to the slow build of an orgasm none of us ever felt this intense before. Ed and I both pushed deeper and harder and as far as we could push into the women and could no longer hold back the mounting liquid at the tip of our swollen cocks inside each woman, we both shot our hot cum inside of the other man's wife. As Ed and I were shooting the last few drops of cum. the women in sync with each other in the moment tensed their bodies as they screamed in an orgasmic thrill. Beth and Sue's cum was mixing with the men's cum already present in their bodies. 

Our bodies slowed to a relaxed motionless state. Both Ed and I withdrew our shining wet cocks still semi-hard from fucking each other's wife. We all felt a calmness, and turned to each other and understood that this was a special moment, It was a journey I had wanted for much of my adult life and without Beth I would have most likely never had this eye opening experience. 

We all returned to our respective spouses, I sat with Beth and we passionately kissed, as did Ed and Sue. We remained sitting in the same spot for about ten minutes. I felt some more stirring and knew that being there with two other people was building up my arousal yet again. Beth and I just had some of the most incredible sex, I could feel my cock begin to rise again, and noticed that Sue was already stroking Ed to hardness. Seeing that worked on my sensations and brought me too a firmness in Beth's hand. 

Beth lowered her mouth to my cock and could taste my precum and Sue's cum which mixed sweetly in her mouth. She proceeded to offer me her mouth, she was on all fours when Sue lowered herself onto her back and slid under Beth, Sue reached to take hold of Beth's hips and pull her down to her mouth, Sue then began to lick Beth's wetness which tasted of Beth's and Ed's cum. The more she licked Beth, the more Beth moaned all the while continuing to take my cock into her mouth, sliding her lips along the shaft, up and down. Eric had gotten up and walked past Sue and Beth and brought his hard cock to me which I gladly took into my mouth again. There we were, Sue eating Beth who was sucking me while I continued sucking Ed. It was an all-round beautiful sight. We continued like that for another ten minutes, when I suggested that we each do a 69 with each other.

I said Ed and I will do one and Beth and Sue do one. Everybody agreed, so we lay down, Ed on top of me with my cock in his mouth and his in mine. Beth was on her back as Sue lowered her dripping pussy onto Beth's waiting tongue.

Ed and I continued to mouth each other's hard cocks, tasting the spurting pre cum from the tip, sticky and sweet. We could feel our bodies quicken toward orgasm. Beth was the first to make the familiar sound of her cumming hard, and then we could hear Sue's build up and release, when Ed and I heard the women cumming it made me and Eric sucking harder bringing us both to simultaneous orgasm in each other's mouths.

After another relaxed period, we all got up and headed to the bathroom for a quick clean-up in the shower. Ed and Sue invited us to use it first, we got in and embraced, we kissed, tongues rolling around, Beth could taste the remnants of Ed's cum in my mouth which she feverously took into her mouth. Beth and I were being watched by Ed and Sue, and that was voyeuristic excitement building within us. My cock started standing again. I thought, a third time? Nothing I want to pass up. Beth stroked me to a full hard cock. She turned around and spread her legs and said please fuck me, I want you badly. I need to feel your cock inside me. 

I crouched down enough to push my cock just past her pussy lips, and then pushed in and up fast. She shivered and let out a sound uncharacteristic of our familiar lovemaking but entirely erotic. I fucked my wife in the shower, Ed and Sue positioned themselves into their own doggy style fucking against the vanity; he was pushing into her as I was pushing into Beth.

I reached for her neck, put my hand around her throat and gently pulled her head back stretching her body in an arched position allowing my cock to penetrate her further and deeper.

We could see Ed and Sue securing their lovemaking with each other; it was a warm and passionate sexual moment for them. Four newly discovered lovers sharing a pleasurable moment with our partner and their partner. We felt the passion growing into raw ecstasy, wanton desire motioning fast into lust and love for our wives' body, and mind.

As I felt Beth moving slowly up and down against my sensitive cock, swallowing me inside of her, I felt her tense up and I knew that she was cumming again, this time it was for me, and it was strong, her muscles squeezing my cock so much that the feeling I got was enough in my mind to force my cock to release my remaining cum inside of her, to mix with Ed's cum. 

We then heard Sue and Ed cumming hard again, Beth and I knew my cum was mixing with Ed's cum inside of Beth, so too was my cum mixing with Ed's inside of Sue's very wet pussy. 

We all got cleaned up had a relaxing evening with our new friends and as the night moved along, it was time to part ways; Beth and I were heading home relaxed and happy that our fantasy was finally fulfilled. Even though that could have been onetime thing we also know that we never expected to meet any couple who made us feel welcome into their home and their lives as peacefully and nonjudgmental as they have. We now wait for the next time we get together, whether uninhibited sex occurs again or not, we can rest easy knowing when the time is right, the time will be right. 

Beth and I will love each other and make love to each other as long as we can, and if having Ed and Sue participate and enhancing our love for each other, then why not take the opportunity to enjoy one of life's little pleasures.