 This is the story of the first time my wife, Bianca, brought another woman, Melissa, to our bedroom. 

My name is Frank. I am 35 and decent looking if you ask me. I have an average size tool, about 6 1/2" slightly curved, which seems to help since I have never had any complaints and have been told I'm really good in bed. I'm about 5'8 170lbs brown hair blue eyes. My wife is always teasing me telling me girls are always flirting with me but I guess I don't see it. 

My wife, Bianca, is 31. She's about 5'3 155lbs. She has 38c breasts and has a little extra cushion but not too much, in the right places like her ass and legs. She was a soccer player in high school so she has strong legs and calves which adds a little. She has a gorgeous smile and eyes that can make any man want to jump her. She's Hispanic so she has perfectly tanned skin and dark brown hair and eyes. 

When we first got together, she had said she never had an orgasm until she slept with me. Soon after we were going at it 5-6 times a day. She would randomly reach over and pull out my cock and start sucking it then jump on me or tell me to give it to her. She could never get enough. 

She's kinda shy when it comes to the discussion if sex and is pretty discreet about it. But once she's in bed, she lets it all out. 

Obviously over time our sex life has taken a hit where we are only fucking 2-3 times a week now. Not because it's not the same we just don't have enough time with the kids and work and everything. 

I had told her a few times how much I really wanted to have a threesome with her and another woman. She agreed that it would be fun but that's all it was, a discussion. I never thought it would ever happen, until one night. 

Bianca has a friend named Melissa. She's also Hispanic. She's about 5'2 and very petite. She doesn't have much for breasts, around a A cup possibly a small b. She has long black hair and fuck me eyes. I worked with her for a bit and would always check out her ass. She has a nice round bubble butt that just sticks out there. I always wondered what it would be like to get behind it. Sometimes the thought of it and checking her out would get me a little erect and I would have to walk away before she saw it. 

The night my dreams came true was just like any other night. I got home from work and Bianca and Melissa were hanging out at the house. They had both had a couple drinks and offered me some. So I sat with them and we all chatted a bit. 

After about an hour or so the girls get up and go into our bathroom in our room to do their hair and talking girl stuff. I stayed in the living room watching tv. 

After about 30 minutes my wife comes out and says she's been talking to Melissa about a threesome and she thinks she's going to go for it. 

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. My fantasy was going to come true. Even better it was with the gorgeous woman I love and her sexy friend. I started to get hard right away. 

My wife noticed and started rubbing my cock and smiled saying "Calm down sweetie, you're going to rip your pants." I told her sorry with a huge grin on my face. She said "Wow someone's excited."

I told her "Of course I'm excited. This is my dream come true." She laughed as she pulled her hand away. 

She told me "It isn't for sure yet but I think she will finally say yes. Why don't you run to the adult store and grab some extra condoms and two sexy lingerie outfits for us and I'm sure by the time you get back I will have an answer."

I've never left the house so quick in my life. It must have been ten seconds after she said that until I grabbed my keys, was in the car and already backing out the driveway. 

The whole time I was racing down to the store all I could think about was what was going to happen. My cock still rock hard. I had to mentally calm it down before I could walk into the store. 

I went inside the store and grabbed the biggest box of condoms I could grab and started looking for something for them to wear. I decided on two of the same outfit, one black and one white. The both had silk patterns on them, covered the breast and partially covered the butt with a flair outwards. I couldn't wait to see them in them. 

Racing back home, I went inside and the girls were still in the bathroom. My wife came out and told me Melissa agreed and asked for the outfits. She said they were going to put them on and I should go into the room and get ready. 

I followed my wife into the room and she went into the bathroom. The bathroom door opened to the view of our bed. I quickly took of my pants and put on some athletic shirts and laid on the bed. The thought of them made me have a very noticeable tent in my shorts. So after a minute I sat up on the edge of the bed to try to hide my excitement. 

I noticed the door start to open and my wife walks out wearing the white outfit. Damn she was sexy. Even if her friend wasn't there I would have fucked my wife all night with that outfit. 

Bianca had a huge smile as she approached me and kissed me passionately. When she let up I saw Melissa walk out of the bathroom wearing the black one. Holy shit her ass stuck out even more in the outfit. I could have came right then but didn't. 

Melissa walked over kinda shyly and came to the other side of me. They were both giggling like little school girls. Bianca leaned over in front of me and started kissing Melissa. Wow that was hot. My erection was now pulsing in my pants. 

My wife reaches down and started rubbing my cock from outside my shorts while still kissing Melissa. Then they broke their kiss and she grabbed Melissa's hand and put it on my shorts as well and she started rubbing my cock. 

Bianca then pulled my shorts off but leaving my boxers on while I started to rub Melissa's back and then down to her ass. I couldn't believe I was about to get to be able to fuck that. 

My wife came up and stared kissing me as Melissa pulled my boxers off. Bianca then gripped my cock and started stroking it as she continued kissing me. Then I felt Melissa's hand rubbing my balls as my wife stroked steadily. 

With Melissa standing on my right now stroking my pulsing cock, my wife got down on her knees and started licking my balls and shaft. Melissa removed her hand and placed it on Bianca's head as my wife opened her mouth and slowly started sucking my cock. 

As she continued to bob her head up and down on my cock, I was rubbing Melissa's ass and she turned her head to mine and starting kissing me passionately shoving her tongue into my mouth aggressively and I made me start rubbing her ass more aggressively as well. 

Now this is the first time I have kissed another woman since I met my wife. It was very intriguing because it was almost forbidden and it was sending shivers down my spine. It was amazing. 

After about 3 minutes, my wife stood up and said "Well let's see who's better." to Melissa pointing at my cock. We all laughed, then because it was like a game for them, I was laughing because there was no way I would be able to answer that question. Now don't get me wrong, my wife is really good at sucking dick. She always makes me cum in just a few minutes of her pumping me with her mouth. She's able to take most of me in her mouth easily but very rarely is she able to go all the way down to the base. But she knows to stroke my shaft while she sucks so it makes up for it. I was eager to see how Melissa handles a blow job though. 

As Melissa got to her knees and grabbed my stiff cock, I was getting so excited I felt I was going to erupt. She slowly licked the tip of my penis and started stroking as she inserted me into her mouth. Her mouth was so warm and she was able to suck deeply so it felt really tight and very good. 

As she was between my legs with my dick at her mercy, I watched her eagerly as she slowly went all the way down and swallowed my entire cock then pulled it out and went down again. It felt so good. She kept going up and down to where her nose was hitting my pelvis. This girl could suck a dick my god. 

After a few minutes, my wife got down with her and they were taking turns sucking my balls and my cock. They each started licking one side of my shaft and playing with my balls. They were touching their tongues together as they licked me. It was so hot. I knew just from the sight I was going to erupt soon. 

They both kept taking turns sucking me for another few minutes then I told them to be careful or I was going to cum. They encouraged me to cum in their mouths so Melissa could taste it. I started feeling tingling in my legs as my orgasm was building fast and my wife had my cock her mouth as I tended up. She knew it was coming so she sped up the sucking and I began exploding in her mouth. 

One big spurt followed by two more good spurts. Then three more smaller ones as I groaned in pleasure. When it was all out my wife pulled her mouth off and pulled Melissa's head to hers and started kissing her shoving my cum into her mouth as they both moaned. After swallowing my seed, they both released from each other and smiled as as Bianca asked Melissa "How's it taste? Do you like that?" Melissa responded "Mmm. It was great. I wouldn't mind some more." We all laughed. 

As my cock started to go down to about half mast, the girls both got on the bed and started making out. I joined them and we all started kissing each other and rubbing everywhere. Bianca started rubbing Melissa's pussy as Melissa did the same to Bianca. I began kissing them both all over their bodies as they were both moaning from each other. 

I began to release one of Bianca's breasts from the outfit and slowly licked her hard light brown nipple before I started sucking it passionately while caressing the other one. Now they were both pulled out from the top as Melissa started sucking the left breast and I on the right. My wife was melting with pleasure. 

I release my wife's nipple and began to kiss Melissa's shoulders working my way to her small breasts. I pulled the top down to release both of her perky little tits. Her nipples were a little smaller than my wife's but twice as hard. As I licked the nipples back and forth I then started sucking on them as my wife leaned over and took the right one in her mouth with the left one in mine. 

You could feel Melissa start trembling and moaning as we sucked her nipples and my wife continued rubbing Melissa's clit. In a few minutes Melissa started coming telling us "Oh god, I'm coming. Oh yes. Mmm. Oh. Oh. Oh." Bianca took great pleasure in this as I could see it in her eyes. 

Bianca pulled her hand away from Melissa and laid back. I began kissing her thighs and worked my way up to her hot opening. She was soaked with juices. I began licking around the lips of her pussy before flicking my tongue on her clit. She began moaning and wiggling in pleasure. I shoved my tongue inside her making her moan loudly with pleasure. 

While I was licking Bianca's clit, Melissa began to rub my now hard again cock and kiss my shoulders. She slowly made her way to Bianca's pussy and began kissing me intently shoving her tongue down my throat as she sped up the striking of my rock hard penis. She released my mouth from hers and shoved her face into Bianca's wet pussy. 

Bianca let out a soft scream as Melissa began working her with her mouth. I moved up to Bianca's face and starting kissing her and rubbing her ample breasts. After a few short moments of intense French kissing, my wife began to moan more and more. With her tongue deep in my mouth, Bianca began to cum. She started twitching her body as Melissa really knew how to work her. 

Even though her mouth was covered my mine, the scream from the massive orgasm she was having was still loud. She grabbed Melissa's head and forced it deeper into her midsection as she released her cum into Melissa's mouth. When the orgasm settled down she pulled Melissa up to her and starting making out with her as Bianca gripped my cock and pumped it up and down intensely. 

Bianca then got up and pushed Melissa down on her back onto the bed as she quickly moved her head down to Melissa's pussy and started licking away. Melissa began moaning with pleasure as I started kissing her mouth tasting my wife's pussy on her tongue as she stroked my cock. 

Melissa then directed me to bring my cock yo to her mouth and she stated sucking me hungrily. She made sure to go all the way down and was using her hands to grip my ass and fondle my balls. It felt so good. 

Here I was getting my dick sucked by a beautiful woman other than my wife while I watched my wife devotedly eat another woman's pussy. It was so hot. I was in heaven. 

Melissa began to orgasm again as she still had her mouth around my cock. As it got more intense she sucked even harder. I pulled out of her mouth so I could hear her orgasm. As the orgasm built more and more from my wife's tongue on her friends pussy, I moved to the end of the bed behind my wife and raised her ass into the air. 

With the sounds of Melissa beginning to cum on Bianca's face, I slid my rock hard cock into my wife's wet hole and slowly started fucking her from behind. My wife began to make sounds of pleasure as Melissa's orgasm was at its peak and Melissa let out a long loud scream of pleasure gushing her sex juice all over Bianca's face. 

I started fucking my wife harder and faster plunging in as deep as I could go as Melissa got up and came over to me to start kissing me while she rubbed Bianca's nipples. Bianca yelled out "Oh my god I'm coming baby. Oh yes!"

Fucking my wife's tight pussy was great but there was his new hole I wanted to be in, badly. I couldn't wait to shove my stick inside Melissa. So as soon as my wife's orgasm settled down, I pulled my cock out and Melissa bent down to suck Bianca's juice from my cock. Bianca rolled over into her back and pulled Melissa on top of her, sticking Melissa's ass out as an offering for me. 

They began to kiss and rub each other all over as I positioned myself to finally get to pound that ass that I've thought about so many times before. It was finally here. I get to fuck my wife's hot friend. Being so caught up in the moment I forgot to put on a condom. 

I slowly lined up my pulsing cock to her small hole and entered her as she let out a sexy growl. It felt so amazing as I slowly worked in and out of her hot wet tight pussy. But I wanted to slam my cock in her so I could feel her perfect bubble butt cheeks against my groin. 

I started to speed up the pace and started ramming my cock into her as she moaned with pleasure. Melissa's ass slapping against my legs and my balls slapping her clit was everything I dreamed it to be. Within moments Melissa started to cum saying "Fuck me fuck me, yes fuck me harder. I'm coming. Give it to me!" With that I was giving it all I had as I felt her juices pour over my cock and I could feel my own orgasm building. 

I said "I'm going to cum. But I don't have a condom on so I have to pull out." Melissa responded "Just cum in me. I want to feel your liquid inside me. Don't worry about the condom I had my tubes tied."

That was all I needed as I began to pull her hair while I buried my cock in her as hard and as deep as I could. I felt her tense up her pussy muscles and I began to shoot my load deep inside her letting out a loud groan. 

It felt like I shot a gallon of cum in her during an orgasm that must have lasted two to three minutes. My wife got up and came over to me and started kissing me passionately. Then Melissa turned around and joined in. The three of us were all kissing each other intensely. 

After we cleaned up, we laid in the bed, one girl on each side of me with each of my hands holding one of their breasts as they both played with my drained dick trying to bring it back to life. After about a ten minute break, my cock was back in my wife's mouth and Melissa had her tongue down my throat. They both took turns riding my cock each one coming then get off to let the other ride. 

We did this for about another hour while they both must have came three times. This time when I was ready to cum, they both moved their heads close to my cock and stroked it until it erupted on their tongues that were sticking out touching one another as they licked it all up and began to kiss once my juice stopped bursting out. 

We took another break, or more like a 45 minute nap then we got up and went at it again. We literally kept fucking all night until it was 4:30am and I realized I had to work in a couple hours. 

Melissa cleaned up and got dressed and gave us goodbye hugs and kisses and told us both thank you before she took off. 

That was the best night of my life. We hooked up one more time at a hotel and went all night again a few weeks later. We had moved about 1200 miles away from her shortly after that so we haven't had her again. But maybe someday she'll come visit. 

When Bianca and I were laying in bed, she mentioned that now it was her turn to have another guy join us. It took a bit, but we eventually decided on one. That will have to wait until next time though.