 My wife and I had been entertaining the idea of adding another to the bedroom for quite some time. Our normal sex life just gotten a bit stale. The fantasy progressed over time from whispering dirty things in each other's ears during sex to looking for a man to join us. My wife has always been that, "good girl" that you would never expect this sort of thing from. As a matter of fact, you would never even expect she would talk dirty (and only sometimes did) in the bedroom.

My wife is very pretty woman. She's not a supermodel but she's easy on the eyes. She's 27, brunette, about 5'7" and an ass that begs to be looked at which goes along nicely with her perky C-Cups.

After finding a man that was down and showed mutual attraction through a fairly popular website, we decided to lay some ground rules. My rules would be that there was no finishing in her and her rules that the sex is safe and it ends if she says it ends.

They texted, flirted and of course sent one another naughty pictures. She very much enjoyed the "courting" part of setting this up. When the time came we met him at a hotel bar about one hour away from our place. He showed up a bit late, however this was probably a good thing. It let her nerves subside a bit with a every drink she had before he arrived.

Her would-be-fling was a tall man, on the skinny side but in good shape. He was about my age (28) and seemed to be a proper gentlemen. He introduced himself and apologized for being late. Apparently, traffic was a killer (we had guessed as we had come through it as well) and ordered us another round of drinks. We made small talk. After about an hour I went to the bathroom to shoot my wife a text. I asked her if she was ready. She responded with one word "Yes."

After paying our tab I suggested to our friend that he finish his drink and make his way up to our room in about 15 minutes. He nodded and looked almost as nervous as she had been earlier. We targeted another newbie to the lifestyle on purpose, we wanted someone without any "expectations" and this man surely seemed to fit the bill.

We went to our room which was nice. There was a couch, minibar and balcony to go with the bed and standard amenities. My wife ducked into the bathroom quickly and "freshened up". I imagine she checked her hair, gave herself a pep talk and got ready for the fun. She emerged looking fabulous. Her long straight hair going down to the small of her back or the just below her belly button. She was wearing a white blouse with tight jeans, my favorite jeans. I often wondered how she got her ass into them.

About 15 minutes later we were sitting on the couch when there was a knock on the door. I left my wife on the couch and answered it. I invited him in. He sat on the couch next to her while I made the three of us a drink. I sat beside my wife. She, with a man on each side of her, knew what was coming and I could tell she was ready to go.

Everyone seemed hesitant to get started so I decided that it may be time to start the fun. So, I decided to get the ball rolling. As her and our guest were to chatting, her with her back to me, I brushed my wife's long hair over her shoulder and began to kiss her neck. I could feel the impact on her immediately. her body tensed and I could almost feel her temperature rising. I slowly began to unbutton her blouse one at a time. She reached back and placed her hand on the back of my head, pulling it in tighter to her neck. After the blouse was undone to about one or two buttons below her bra, I leaned her back onto my chest. She turned her head and I kissed her deep. While we were kissing, I motioned our speechless friend into join.

I felt her body quiver when his hands, now four total, began to touch her body. I watched as this he ran his fingers over the outline of her bra across the tops of her breasts. My hands were on either side of her hips. I was enjoying the view.

We continued kissing, our friend moved with his mouth, kissing all over her chest and breasts. He kept one in each hand and moved his mouth from one to the other. I decided to help him out and released her bra clasp (strapless). As the fabric loosened I felt her squirm, almost as though she wanted it off. Like she wanted him to see her. He gently removed her bra and began to go to work on her nipples while I kissed her face, lips and neck. The way she squirmed turned me on so much. I still lose it to this day when I think about it.

Soon, she leaned up and straddled him. I could tell she was getting into it now. She arched her back and began to grind on him gently through jeans. Her blouse now completely undone and breasts in his face. She removed his shirt and kissed his neck a bit and then did the same to me. Somewhere along the way she shrugged off her blouse.

After she was done with me, she gently took each of our hands and made us stand. She then, without a word went to the bed, leaned back and removed her tight jeans with her legs in the air. She revealed her tight, lacy black panties to us. God it was hot. She got on her knees between us and began to remove his belt first. She removed his pants then mine. Each of us stepped out of them and stood before her in our underwear. She then reached one hand up to either side and began to rub our cocks through our boxers.

Slowly and with the most sexy look I've ever seen, my wife removed this man's cock from his underwear and took it into her mouth without breaking eye contact with me. I was beginning to lose my mind. I was so aroused that I just wanted to take her and fuck her until she begged me to stop. Then it was my turn. She did the same to him, not breaking eye contact while she took all of me into her mouth. She went to work on us, going back and forth. When one wasn't in her mouth it was in her hand. Back and forth until I was nearly ready to pop. She must have sensed it, because she stopped.

She released me from her grasp and gave me a playful lick before going back to the other man. She made eye contact again. She took him in her mouth then out and began to lick him from the bottom of his balls to the tip of his cock. She then, with this mans cock in her face, gently tugging on him with her hand said, "I want you to lick my pussy." Only then did she break eye contact and begin to work on our friend again.

She asked our friend to sit on the couch again, she removed her panties and knelled before him taking him into her mouth again. She pushed her ass into the air and I watched her for a moment, she looked amazingly sexy. But I obeyed her earlier request and got behind her. I began to eat her from behind. She got into it fast, I felt the which I have felt before; her cumming on my tongue.

After she orgasmed for me, she said one word, "Switch." We both obeyed. I loved how in control she was. She knew that she had absolute power and was loving it. We obeyed and I sat and enjoyed the pleasure of her mouth while I watched a man eat my wife's pussy from behind. When she moaned on my cock, it felt spectacular. I wanted to cum but it obviously wasn't time yet. She gave me a little nod, one that we had discussed before, and I fetched a condom for our friend. I handed it to him stood behind the couch. My wife got on her knees on the cushions of the couch and leaned over the back to take me into her mouth again. It felt so good.

For a moment I had forgotten he was there, she had never given me such amazing head before. I was brought back into reality when I heard her begin to moan with me in her mouth. I opened my eyes to see our new friend teasing her by rubbing his cock on her clit and then sliding himself into her pussy. He began to fuck her good. She began to rock back and forth and it was obviously harder for her to give a proper blow job but I loved it anyway. He was grabbing her ass, her tits, back and forth. Soon, she began to cum for him. She took me out of her mouth and pressed my cock against her cheek while she screamed a scream loud enough to wake the hotel. It was so hot to watch.

After she finished cumming she led us to the bed where she laid on her back. She turned her head and told our friend to come and "Put something in my mouth." He obeyed and stood near the edge of the bed. She removed his condom and put him into her mouth. She spread her legs and began to rub clit. I watched for a minute or so before I climbed onto the bed and began to fuck her. It was our usual position, her knees on my chest while I fuck her silly. She was the wettest she had ever been. She would occasionally remove him from her mouth and look up at me while she licked the length of his cock before putting it back into her mouth. Soon, she came from the fucking I was giving her. I grabbed her breasts and increased the pace. She came with his cock in her mouth, the muffled screams and moans as almost too much for me. It was so hot.

After a short time I felt like I was going to pop. I think my wife sensed this as she looked up at our new friend and said, "I want you to cum on me, can you do that for me?" He looked eager and replied to her, "With a little help from you!" He began to get a bit more forceful. He grabbed the back of her head and made her increase the speed. She loved it. I could feel her pussy getting wetter. Soon, he said, "I'm cumming!" and pulled his cock from her mouth. He sprayed across her mouth and cheek, then turned himself downwards and spurted just a little more onto her breasts.

I was losing my mind. I had never been more aroused in my life. I continued to fuck my wife as she licked the tip of his cock and licked the cum off of her lips. She took his cock into her mouth again and it pushed me over the edge. My innocent wife with a strange man's cock in her mouth, cum on her cheek and lips and tits, me fucking her. I told her I was cumming soon. She took his cock out of her mouth just enough that her lips brushed it as she spoke softly but with a certain authority, "Cum inside me. I want to feel it." I finished and slowly pumped until I was done.

She squirmed on me a for a bit and gave our friend a playful lick and thanked him for "all his hard work." This had brought out a side of my wife I hadn't seen before and I loved it. He gathered his things, used the restroom and left while I was still inside my wife, awestruck. Covered in cum, and loving it. He shut the door behind him. I looked to make sure he had left and she giggled. "Did you like it?"

"I loved it baby, I loved watching you be bad."

"So fuck me again while his cum is still on me and yours is still inside me."

This was the only time in my life I maintained an erection after I had finished. I fucked her for as long as I could. She came again and again whispering dirty things to me like, "Did you like the way his cock looked in my mouth?" "I wish he was still here so you could have a break..." "His cock felt good, but yours is better..." "His cum tasted so good..."

I didn't manage to cum again, but I felt like a champ. I knew I had left her satisfied. After we were finished, we cleaned up and we went to sleep. The next morning, I got a nice morning blowjob on the balcony before we left for home.