 I know I slept amazingly that night and when I woke up, Laurie was still asleep beside me. I figured I may as well go to the bathroom and then check out the kitchen to see if I could find the makings for a coffee. 

When I got to the kitchen, Dave was already there. He looked up, said good morning and asked, "so...are you ok with everything that happened last night?"

I'm pretty sure my smile answered his question but just to be sure, I said "yes, I'm ok - was a bit shocked a few times but I really enjoyed it."

"Whew, that's good. We've always wanted to try something like that but never found a couple we thought we'd be comfortable playing with until Amy met Laurie. Hopefully you're good to play some more today."

"A coffee, some breakfast, maybe a shower and definitely a yes."

Dave and I talked a bit more - what we liked and what our spouses liked/didn't like. Anal sex came up and Dave said while Amy loved to have her ass kissed, fingered and occaisionally a small toy, they'd tried anal a few times and she didn't like it - likely because of how thick his cock was. I told him that Laurie also enjoyed having her ass kissed, fingered and toyed but unlike Amy she enjoyed my cock up her ass as well. I could see I'd caught Dave's interest when he asked, "Any chance she'd let me try to fuck her in the ass?"

My mind had already been running a few ideas around and I told him that if we worked it right, it was a good possibility. He'd just need to take it slow, lots of touching, teasing and with his size - lube. We chatted for a bit more and the initial uneasiness quickly went away and soon we were chatting like we'd known each other for years. 

Coffee's in hand, we started breakfast and the smell of bacon, eggs and toast must have wafted into the bedrooms because it was just about when things were ready that Laurie and Amy came into the kitchen. After the previous nights activities, I shouldn't have been surprised but it caught me a bit off guard when they came in naked. Side by side, they were very different but both incredibly sexy and from the bulge that started in our boxers, that sexyness wasn't lost on either me or Dave.

"Thanks for getting breakfast ready." was all that Amy said before kneeling in front of Dave, pulling his shorts down a few inches and start sucking on his quickly hardening cock. 

I looked at Laurie, she looked at me, we both smiled and she followed Amy's lead and was soon sucking on my cock. After a couple of minutes I thought I'd see how ready to play they were so I suggested, "How about switching?"

After a quick look at each other, the ladies switched positions and my cock was in Amy's mouth and Dave's was in Laurie's. It became a bit of a game with either me or Dave saying "switch" and the ladies moving from one cock to the other. Apparently all the sex the night before was enough that neither of us were going to cum quickly and it was Amy who eventually suggested, "let's have breakfast before it gets cold and then we can play some more."

I was certainly enjoying myself but knowing we'd be playing more very shortly was enough to make me agreeable so we sat down and had our breakfast. Now we didn't stop playing - there were lots of fingers and hands touching bodies under the table, but just enough to tease and keep everyone ready to go. After breakfast, it was decided that a shower was likely a good next step so Amy and I used the downstairs shower while Dave and Laurie went upstairs. With the water running, it was impossible to hear the other couple but Laurie did tell me later that they'd played a lot while they were showering and while they hadn't gone to completion, they had fucked for a few minutes when they stepped out of the shower. 

The master shower was a decent size and Amy and I were quite happy to touch and play. While we kissed, fondled, fingered and stroked each other, I made sure to spend a lot of time caressing and squeezing her ass and telling her now sexy it looked and felt. Once we were nice and clean, I told her I wanted to taste her again but instead of kneeling in front of her, I told her to bend over a bit and I knelt behind her. She had an awesome ass, not too big, not too small - her ass cheeks just nicely filled my hands and as I spread them slightly I could see the pucker of her asshole and just under that the bare lips of her pussy. 

At first I focused on her pussy - tonguing her slit, thrusting my tongue and fingers inside her and sucking and licking her clit. It wasn't long before I could feel the flow of her juices increase against my tongue. As she got more and more excited, I let me tongue go closer and closer to her other entrance until I finally flicked my tongue a few times quickly against her pucker. When that got an instant moan, I knew I was on the right track so I slid one, then two and eventually three fingers into her pussy while I lubed her asshole with my tongue and finally started thrusting it in and out of her hole as far as I could. 

By now she was pushing back against my tongue so I kicked it up a notch and worked as much spit into her ass as I could and then slowly replaced my tongue with a finger. At first she clenched a bit but when she realized I was going to be slow and gentle she relaxed and accepted my finger. 

I stopped long enough to stand her up, move in front of her and get her to spread her legs enough so I could go back to licking her pussy. As I worked my tongue into her slit, I also worked a finger back into her ass. After she relaxed enough to allow my finger to easily slide in and out of her tight backdoor, I moved my tongue to her clit and two fingers into her ass. A few minutes of this and I could tell she was close to cumming so I stopped, stood up and pulled her against my cock. Even though I already knew the answer, I asked, "Would you like my cock in your ass?"

"I love the feeling of what you're doing and pretty sure I could cum from it but I've tried taking Dave's cock up my ass - it hurt and didn't do anything for me so I'm not sure if I want to try it again. Does Laurie let you fuck her ass?"

"Yes, she loves my cock up her ass and can cum just from that. As to not trying a different cock - I'd never tried eating cum before last night but I actually enjoyed it."

That brought a bit of a smile to her face when she replied, "I still don't think I'd enjoy it but I'd love to watch you fuck Laurie's ass."

Ok, at least it wasn't a 'NO'. "I'd love to slide my cock into her ass while you and Dave watch - would that convince you to let me try sliding my cock into your ass later?"

She laughed for a few seconds and said, "I don't think so...but it would be fun to watch. I'd still be scared it would hurt too much."

"Ok, here's a thought - Dave's a lot thicker than I am. If Laurie can take him up her ass, would you be willing to let me try yours?"

"No way his cock is gonna fit into her ass!"

"But if it did?"

"Well, _IF_ he can get his cock into her ass then I'd consider letting you try putting yours into my ass but if it hurts too much you'd need to stop."

We finished our shower and noticed that we couldn't hear any other water running so we made our way upstairs and weren't surprised to find Laurie kneeling on the bed moaning as Dave's tongue traced random patterns over her pussy.

"Hey Dave, don't stop at just her pussy - she likes a tongue a little further back."

Dave looked back at me briefly, caught my wink, smiled and went back to eating Laurie - except now he started licking around and eventually across her asshole. She was starting to moan more so I could tell she was enjoying it. I winked at Amy and motioned for her to come over and kneel on the bed and then I knelt behind her. Before I started licking her, I said to Laurie, "I've already tasted Amy once this morning in the shower and tongued her ass just like Dave is doing to you. Would you like to watch this time?"

"Oh ya, I'd love to see you tongue her ass - that way I can see what it looks like while I can feel Dave's tongue in mine."

I spread Amy's cheeks wide so Laurie could see and then very slowly ran my tongue down from the first crack of her ass over her hole, down her slit, over her clit and back. Each time I crossed over her asshole, she shivered and Laurie moaned. She knew from the shower that it would feel good so she was already relaxing and allowing my tongue to penetrate her. Once I had her relaxed and nice and lubed with spit, I told Laurie to watch as I teased her pucker with a finger before easing it into her ass. To make it easier for her to see, I told her to move up and kneel the opposite direction from Amy. 

I had Laurie's undivided attention as my finger went further and further into Amy's ass and then slowly back out again. I could tell a bit more lube would help so I reached over to the nightstand where I'd conveniently left a tube of lube earlier, lubed my finger and this time it slid easily in and out - first with one and then with 2 fingers. 

By now Amy was moaning in pleasure each time my fingers slid in so I slid the lube to Dave without Laurie seeing it. He lubed a couple of fingers and when he felt Laurie relax more from his tongue, he slid a finger into her instead. I could see her eyes open up wider, her mouth open a bit and we all heard a slight, "yes" from her. Soon Dave also had two fingers sliding in and out of Laurie's ass. 

"You like it when I kiss, lick and finger your ass don't you?" I asked Laurie

"Oh fuck ya, it feels good"

"I'll be it feels even better with Dave doing it to you while you watch me doing it to Amy. Did you like watching my tongue on her ass?"

"Yes, it looked so hot"

"Do you like watching my fingers penetrating her ass and opening up her asshole like they are right now?"

"For sure, I can see her clench on your fingers each time you slide in and out."

"How hot would it be if you could watch me slide my cock into her ass and fuck her?"

Now Laurie's eyes got even bigger and she moaned out, "yes, I'd love to see what you cock looks like going into her ass."

"Good, while you're watching me fuck her ass, just imagine it's your ass I'm fucking. Pretend Dave's fingers are my cock sliding in and out of your ass - would that make you hot and wet?"

Without waiting for an answer, I moved forward and touched the tip of my cock to Amy's ass, she looked back and just as we'd agreed said, "I'm not sure it'll fit."

I 'politely' backed off a bit and said "Laurie felt the same way the first few times we tried it - she'd never had anything bigger than my finger in her ass. She said it was too big but as long as I took my time and used lots of lube it was ok and it didn't take her long to get used to something bigger than she was used to."

"Laurie, tell Amy how good it feels to get your ass stretched a little while I please her a bit more with my tongue?"

"Mmmm, it'll feel good Amy. Dave's gentle and you've already felt how good a finger feels up your ass. It'll feel even better when his cock opens you up a bit wider and you can feel every nerve around your hole tingling - for me it feels like a warm rush of mini orgasms as he slides further and further in."

"So it doesn't hurt to have your ass stretched by something a bit bigger?" Amy asked.

"I won't lie - it may hurt a bit initially but the pain is totally worth it."

"See Amy," I said, "Laurie knows what it feels like to have her ass filled and stretched a bit. Compared to the first few times we did it, her ass opens right up for my cock now and I can slide in and out without hurting her."

Then as if the idea had just come to me I said, "Laurie, why not let Dave put his cock in your ass so Amy can see how easily it'll stretch to take something bigger and still feel good."

"I'm not sure, he's a lot bigger than you are."

"Well, you just told Amy how good it feels to have your ass stretched by something bigger and you enjoyed it when we went from my finger to my cock years ago."

Now Laurie looked at me with what I'm pretty sure was the same "You got me." look that I'd given her the night before when she had me agree to tasting cum from her pussy.

Dave had seen where I was going with this and already smeared some lube on his cock. When Laurie said, "Ok, I'll try." he was already behind her with his cock lining up at her asshole. 

At first I wasn't sure it was going to fit either but I'll give him credit for not rushing or pushing too hard and bit by bit she opened up to allow the head of his cock inside her. I could see Laurie's mouth opening a bit more as she panted a little and her eyes opened wider each time Dave pushed forward. There were a few little "oww" and "damn that's big' from her but soon she was pushing back to take more of him in and Amy and I intently watched Dave's cock slowly work it's way up Laurie's ass. As the last couple of inches slid in, there was a long "Ohhhh FUCK" from Laurie. 

Immediately Dave stopped and Amy asked, "Did that hurt too much?"

When I looked at Laurie she had what I'd come to recognize as a total sexual high look on her face and she looked at Amy and said, "At first it did but now that he's in, it feels great!"

Knowing that she was enjoying it, he started fucking her - very slowly at first but as the lube coated everything and she relaxed more he was able to go a little faster. Sometimes short strokes with just his head going in and out, sometimes longer/deeper thrusts that made her moan. 

"Well Laurie, tell Amy how it feels to be fucked in the ass like Dave is fucking you now."

She had a very satisfied smile on her face when she looked at me and said, "You're a bastard for tricking me into taking his cock in my ass but I guess I deserved it for having you eat his cum from my pussy. Yes, fuck it feels good, I'm playing with my pussy while he fucks my ass and I'm going to cum very soon."

I know from experience that just before she cums with my cock in her ass, she clenches really tight and I could see the look on Dave's face when she did. A few second after that, she started shaking and moaning and apparently that was all it took to get Dave to cum because he pushed all the way into her and held it there while moaning, "Oh fuck, oh fuck her ass is squeezing me, I'm cumming!"

Laurie eventually collapsed forward onto the bed and as she pulled off his cock, we could both see her well opened asshole slowly go back to it's normal size as Dave's cum oozed out of her.

The whole time Dave had been fucking my wife, I'd been sliding two lubed fingers in and out of Amy's ass and without her realizing it, I'd added a third just before they both came.

Amy said to Laurie, "I guess he tricked both of us a bit - I've never liked anal and when he asked me if I'd let him if Dave could fit his cock in your ass I figured it was a pretty safe bet to say yes."

Then she raised her ass up a bit and wiggled it saying, "I'm still not sure I'll like it but I did say I'd try it and it really looked like Laurie was enjoying it. Just please go really slow and stop if I ask you to."

"You've got a deal, I'll do everything I can to make sure you enjoy this."

Her ass was already nicely lubed and I went VERY slowly. At first I just pushed the tip of my cock against her hole and then backed off, pushing a bit harder each time as I felt her relax and open up more. I knew my patience was paying off when her ass opened enough for the head of my cock to slip in. I was expecting a bit of a clench and her to say it hurt a little but instead I felt her relax even more and a long "ohhhhhh yesssssss" escaped her lips.

Both Laurie and Dave were watching closely as inch by inch I worked my cock into her ass, likely only gaining a 1/4" per stroke but any time I stopped to make sure everything was ok, she'd push back against me and whisper, "Don't stop, I want it all!"

She knew she'd gotten her wish when she felt my hips pushing against hers. I teased her for a few minutes, trickled a bit more lube on my cock and then started long, slow strokes in and out of her ass. 

"Fuck that feels good! I never thought a cock in my ass would feel that good." moaned Amy.

"Play with yourself the way I did Amy" said Laurie, "or better yet try this" and took a small vibrator from Dave, reached down and slid it across Amy's slit. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh" and a deep intake of breath were her only reactions but judging by how quickly she took it from Laurie and slid it into her pussy, she certainly enjoyed the feeling. 

I could feel the vibrator humming through the wall of her pussy and thankfully she started cumming because I don't think I'd have been able to hold back much longer if she didn't. It must have been a good one because squirt after squirt of her cum hit the bed just as squirt after squirt of my cum filled her ass. She stayed pressed back against me for a minute or two and then pulled away as I started to soften leaving a string of cum from my cock to her ass.

Within a second or two of each other, all of us said, "WOW" and then started laughing. "Are you ok Amy?" I asked.

"More than ok, that was awesome." and then she looked at Dave, smiled and said, "It felt so good that I might just let you try to fuck my ass with your cock - but not for a day or so 'cause I may just be a bit sore."

With a big smile, Laurie leant close and whispered something in Amy's ear. Amy smiled, nodded and said to Dave, "Laurie has a good idea - maybe you should let me fuck you with a toy first so you know what something up your ass feels like before you try fucking mine."

The look on Dave's face was priceless - but he didn't say no either!

As the four of us lay together on the bed, I looked over at the clock and could hardly believe that it was almost noon and we'd already had this much fun.