 AUHTOR'S NOTE: This is a story about three bisexuals, a guy, a girl and a transsexual. For the purpose of the story I refer to the transsexual as her or she throughout the story. I felt it would be confusing to use the pronoun him when having sex with men.

*****

PRELUDE

Janet, Chrissie and jack were sitting around in the family room after another incredible session of sex. They were all still naked as they sipped their wine and discussed the upcoming fundraiser for the LGBT. Jack was somewhat bisexual although he had no interest in another guy's cock. He liked getting blowjobs from cute gays and he would even fuck a shapely gay ass. Chrissie swung both ways with guys and gals and Janet was a very pretty transsexual. 

"So the function begins at 6:00 PM with cocktails and hors devourers, followed by a few speeches and a silent auction. After that there will be an open bar and people can mix and socialize," Janet explained.

"How much are the tickets?" Chrissie asked.

"Fifty dollars each but don't worry I got you two covered. Are we getting a room at the hotel too," Jack inquired.

"I think we should in case one of us gets lucky," Janet quipped.

"People will be coming from all over the country so I better book the room soon," Jack offered.

"We may hook up with others who already have rooms," Chrissie mentioned.

"Maybe but then our room will be a backup plan and give us a place to change clothes," Janet stated.

"Okay, we are all set. I'll book the room tomorrow. Now I don't know about you two but I am ready for more action," Jack told them as he stroked his impressive cock.

"Me too," chimed in Chrissie and Janet simultaneously as Chrissie rubbed her pussy and Janet stroked her cock.

The three of them returned to Jack's bedroom where the action had taken place earlier. Jack got in bed on his back and guided Chrissie onto his big dick. Chrissie moaned as the cock filled her womb and she settled down in it. Janet waited patiently for Chrissie to get in position and then she moved in behind and slipped her lubricated cock into Chrissie's ass. The three of them moved in rhythm as they always did until they climaxed. 

They had been having sex most of the day and that was the finale for them. They separated and each returned to their own bedroom for the night. Tomorrow was Sunday and it would be another day of wonderful incredible sex. Chrissie knew the day would begin with Jack fucking her into submission with his morning piss hard-on. 

THREE BECOME COMPANY

Jack was a successful consultant with a prominent firm based in Chicago. He had joined the office in Northern California and had fallen in love with area. He purchased a modest three bedroom home with a private backyard and small swimming pool. Later he purchased a Jacuzzi and an outdoor sauna. 

He was a fitness nut and loved riding his bike along the trails. At age 28 he was in good shape weighing 185 pounds on a 6'0" frame. Jack had light brown hair that he kept cut short and hazel colored eyes. He was a chick magnet but he also had a private side to him where he had bedded a few cute gay guys over the years. He considered himself to be somewhat bisexual. He had met Chrissie and Janet at a wine tasting event and invited them back to his house.

Chrissie was a pretty slender young woman with long blonde hair and blue eyes. She stood at 5'6" tall and weighed 130 pounds. She had a firm 34-26-34 figure and she was insatiable in the sack. Janet unbeknown to Jack and Chrissie when they first met was a transsexual, although she preferred the term lady boy. Janet was 5'5" tall and weighed a fit 140 pounds. Her tits although fake were a 34 B and looked good on her 34-28-35 figure. She had short brown hair.

That night at Jack's home the three of them would learn secrets about each other. Jack poured everyone a glass of wine and gave them a cook's tour of the modest home. They loved his bachelor pad especially the private pool and Jacuzzi. Chrissie was already hoping that the three of them might end up naked in the Jacuzzi. 

They returned to the family room and Jack refreshed everyone's wine. They sat on the sofa with Jack in the middle and it didn't take long for things to move along. Jack kissed both girls and put his arms around them. They kissed him back and Chrissie even leaned across him to kiss Janet. Jack had breasts in both his hands until Janet lowered her body to free Jack's cock from his pants. She unzipped his fly and unfastened his pants. Jack lifted his hips as Janet pulled them down and gasped when his big dick spring out.

"Oooh, Chrissie look at this."

Chrissie broke the kiss and she too gasped when she saw the large erect cock. It had to be over 8" long and nearly 6" around by her estimate. She had seen plenty of cocks so she knew Jack was special. Janet stroked the rigid shaft for a few minutes and leaned over to take it in her mouth. Jack laid his head back on the sofa and let out a soft moan. Janet certainly was an experienced cocksucker.

Chrissie who had been anxious to get in on the action decided to check out Janet's pussy. She moved away from Jack and knelt before the pretty brunette. Chrissie pushed the mini skirt up to Janet's waist baring the thigh high hose and dark panties. She noticed a bulge in Janet's panty and hoped that Janet was not having her period. Chrissie hooked her fingers in the waistband of the panties and pulled them down slowly. She let out a yelp when Janet's erection popped into view. It was an average looking cock but it was still a cock.

"Jack, Janet has a cock," Chrissie bellowed in disbelief.

"What, let me see," he replied and leaned forward to check it out, "I'll be damned."

Janet had gone right on sucking Jack's cock and seemed unconcerned about the fuss. Chrissie had expected to be eating pussy but know she was faced with an erect cock. Shrugging her shoulders she lowered her mouth to Janet's dick and performed one of her signature blow jobs. They continued pleasuring each other for several minutes until Jack suggested they take the action to his bedroom. Once there they removed their clothes and approved of each other's body.

The three of them got in Jack's king size bed and moved into a daisy chain position. Jack began eating Chrissie's tasty pussy while Janet sucked on his big dick. Chrissie resumed sucking on Janet's 6" cock. Jack played with Chrissie's lovely ass and toyed with her anus as he ate her. In turn Chrissie began to finger Janet's anus and found it to be quite receptive. The three of them stayed in that position until everyone came.

Jack shot a massive load into Janet's mouth and Janet filled Chrissie's mouth with a substantial load. Chrissie moaned onto Janet's cock when she climaxed and her hips shook violently. They remained in the daisy chain for several minutes, sucking, licking and caressing each other. Both Jack and Janet remained hard and decided it was time to fuck Chrissie. They were pleased to learn that Chrissie like anal sex and double penetrations. 

Jack rolled to his back and beckoned Chrissie to sit on his cock. As she was settling on Jack's dick she felt lube being applied to her anus. Janet probed Chrissie with one and then two fingers. Satisfied that she was ready, Janet eased her cock into Chrissie's ass. As the three of them fucked establishing a rhythm Chrissie felt Janet's firm tits and hard nipples press into her back. Chrissie loved the double penetration with a big cock in her pussy and a more manageable one in her ass. Janet was sure that she could feel Jack's cock through Chrissie's membrane.

Chrissie had multiple orgasms before Jack and Janet ejaculated into her, Chrissie's lifeless body collapsed on top of Jack sandwiched between him and Janet. The three of them remained still for several minutes and Chrissie could feel the semen seeping from her vagina and rectum as they two cocks softened. Janet finally rolled off of Chrissie who in turn rolled off of Jack. Janet surprised them when she leaned over and too Jack's cock in her mouth and sucked it clean.

"That was incredible," Chrissie whispered followed by a big sigh.

"I'll say," Janet agreed.

"You two are quite something. If you ever need a place to stay you are welcome here."

"Really, because my lease is month to month and I would love live here," Chrissie replied.

"Consider it done; I'll help you move in."

"I'm staying with some friends temporarily, so if you're serious I'll accept your offer," Janet added.

"You can move in anytime. We will have some rules though. You are not allowed to bring strangers into the house. I don't want others knowing our arrangement or where I live, if we establish mutual friends, then that's acceptable."

Both Chrissie and Janet agreed to the terms and they would move in as soon as possible. They both had some furniture to purchase and they would tackle that first thing Monday. Jack looked at the two beauties in his bed and he became aroused again. Janet saw his cock stiffen and reached for it.

"Jack, I would like you to fuck me in the ass. Would you do that for me?"

"Of course, you have a lovely ass."

Janet got on all fours and handed Jack the lube. He lubricated Janet's ass thoroughly and then applied it to his cock. There weren't many people who could take Jack's cock in their ass and he was pleased that Janet was up for it. He moved in behind her and eased the mushroom head passed her sphincter. Janet placed her hand on his thigh to control the penetration and spoke softly.

"Go slow and let me get used to that ass buster."

Chrissie watched in near disbelief as the big dick wormed its way into Janet's ass inch by inch. Jack would feed her a little and then withdraw slightly. He began a slow rocking motion and gradually fed his cock to Janet's receptive ass. Janet had a wanton look on her face as the massive cock went deeper and deeper. Jack then began a methodical fucking of the shapely ass. He caressed the lovely buttocks as he watched his cock chamber and re-chamber.

Chrissie had been fingering her pussy as she watched the anal penetration when she got the urge to join in. She moved under Janet so she could suck Janet's cock and watch the penetration from below. Janet reciprocated by lowering her head and licking Chrissie's pussy. It was very clear now that they were going to enjoy being roommates and having incredible sex together. Chrissie reached up and fondled Jack's ball sac and let her finger lightly scrape along his perineum. 

Between Chrissie's ministrations and Janet's snug ass, it did not take long for Jack to cum. His body stiffened and he drove his cock as deep as he could as he released a torrent of semen into Janet's rectum. His dick was so snug in her ass that the discharge had nowhere to go and just added to the fullness in her bottom. It was too much for Janet and she ejaculated into Chrissie's mouth. Jack felt the sphincter contract around his shaft with each pulse of Janet's release, seconds later, Chrissie orgasmed rewarding Janet with the taste of sweet nectar. Jack's cock softened and he backed out of Janet's ass followed by a stream of semen that ran down over her balls sac. The three of them were done and they all crashed for the night in Jack's king size bed. 

That was three months earlier and since then Chrissie and Janet had moved in and they all became insatiable lovers. Things worked out very well and they were comfortable with the arrangements. They only introduced mutual friends into their world of group sex. Chrissie still had her passion for girls but she only had sex with them at their place. Janet occasionally hooked up with a guy or another lady boy but never at Jack's house. Jack had a few parties that turned into orgies but only with people they knew and trusted. Months had passed and the fundraiser was now upon them.

JACK MEETS TIMMY AND TAMMY

The LGBT fundraiser was held in the grand ballroom at a local hotel. There was the social hour where everyone mingled and then the silent auction as planned. A few speeches were delivered and then there was more socialization and mingling. Jack noticed Chrissie talking to a pretty strawberry blonde girl with a very nice ass. She was about the same height and build as Chrissie. He spotted Janet talking with a sophisticated looking couple in their thirties. 

As he mingled some more he ran into a young looking couple who could pass for brother and sister. He chuckled to himself when they introduced themselves as Timmy and Tammy and he was surprised to learn that they were married. He got along well with them and learned that they were both bisexual. Jack accepted their invitation when they invited him to their room. 

He followed Timmy and Tammy to their room when once inside Timmy and Tammy undressed and hung up their clothes. Jack stared at the two look a likes and he was still amazed how much they resembled one another. Except for Timmy having a cock and Tammy having a pussy they were almost identical. They both had slim curvy bodies that were virtually hairless and they both had smooth unblemished skin. Tammy had very small tits and she was almost flat chested. They both had blonde pubic hair that looked more like peach fuzz. He was so focused on studying them that he forgot he was still dressed.

"Jack, are you going to come to bed with your clothes on?" Timmy mocked.

Jack laughed at his situation, took his clothes off and folded them neatly in the nearby chair. Then it was Tammy and Timmy who stared at Jack and once again they admired his body and complimented him on his fitness. Then they approached Jack and they both ran their hands over his body. They enjoyed feeling his muscular torso and they ran their hands over his washboard abs. Jack was hard in an instant and then Tammy cooed.

"Oh Timmy, look his lovely cock got hard already. It is beautiful," Tammy gasped as she took a hold of it.

Tammy told Jack to get in bed and lay on his back. Then she knelt between Jack's legs and took his cock in her mouth. Tammy sucked Jack's cock and caressed his achy balls. Tammy was a very accomplished cock sucker and she was able to take Jack deep in her mouth. Jack was convinced that he could feel his cock at the back of her throat. Tammy seemed to have the ability to massage Jack's cock head with her throat muscles and she soon had Jack racing toward an orgasm. Jack held her head with his fingers entwined in her blonde hair as he began to face fuck her. Tammy was every bit as good a cocksucker as anyone he ever had.

Jack looked over at Timmy and saw that his cock was an average size. Timmy knelt behind Tammy and slipped his cock into her. Tammy never stopped working on Jack's cock while her husband fucked her. Tammy reached under Jack's scrotum and lightly touched his perineum which sent Jack over the edge. Jack blasted loads of cum in her mouth. Tammy rapidly swallowed all of his cum and continued to suck and milk his cock dry and drain Jack totally.

Jack lay back on the bed as he recovered slowly from the fantastic blow job and watched Timmy fuck Tammy until Timmy's body stiffened and he announced that he was cumming. Tammy leaned back against Timmy as he came in her pussy which caused her small tits and hard nipples to stand out. She definitely had cute tits even though they were small. Her nipples stood out like little dicks they were so hard.

Jack was already starting to get hard again when Tammy asked if Jack would like to fuck her. Jack's cock was now rock hard and he moved it toward her. Tammy lifted her legs and presented her pussy to Jack and he pushed his cock against her labia allowing it to slide into her warm passage. Tammy gasped as Jack's cock nestled into her vaginal passage for the first time.

Timmy moved up to Tammy's head and stuck his dick in his wife's mouth. Jack fucked Tammy slowly at first and then he picked up the pace. Tammy used her vaginal muscles to tighten her pussy and she massaged Jack's cock by clenching and unclenching them. Jack felt his second orgasm travel from his balls up through his dick as he shot wads of cum deep into Tammy's pussy. Jack leaned over her body and grabbed her small firm tits and let the rock hard nipples slip between his fingers as Tammy continued to use her vaginal muscles to milk Jack's cock dry of every drop of cum.

"Oh Timmy, I'm going to cum too," Tammy suddenly cried out.

Timmy pulled his cock from his wife's mouth and slid down Tammy's body to her pussy just as Jack's softening cock slipped from Tammy's pussy with an audible pop. A trail of semen trickled out of her just before Timmy got there to suck Jack's seed out of his wife's pussy. Timmy covered his wife's pussy with his mouth just in time to catch all her love juice. Her body thrashed around as she orgasmed and came in her husband's mouth. Tammy lifted her hips off the bed as Timmy sucked every drop of the combined juices from his wife's pussy. Tammy had been fantastic as Jack had just received a world class blow job and fucked her very hot pussy. The three of them remained silent and rested for several few minutes and then Tammy said she wanted two cocks in her at the same time.

Tammy worked on Jack's cock until it was erect again and then she mounted him lowering her pussy onto Jack's shaft. Tammy cooed as Timmy worked his fingers in and out of her asshole lubricating it for his cock. Then he lined up his cock and slipped it right in Tammy's hot ass. She sighed as the hard cock entered her ass and Timmy fucked her slowly. Jack could feel Timmy's smaller erect cock through her membrane. Timmy didn't last long and he soon came in his wife's ass.

"Your turn," Tammy whispered to Jack.

Obviously Tammy wanted Jack in her ass so she lifted off of him and then she got back on all fours. Timmy handed Jack the lotion and he put an ample amount on his cock. Jack added his own saliva to his lotion coated cock making it as slippery as possible. Jack eased his cock into Tammy's ass and she tensed up when she felt Jack's larger cock at the entrance. Jack was excited to be fucking her ass. He held Tammy's hips and slowly pushed his cock into her rectum.

"Oh easy, go easy, let me get used to you. Remember how big you are. Not too deep at first, please," Tammy begged.

Jack didn't want to hurt Tammy so he slowly fucked her ass with about half of his cock in her. Tammy loosened up gradually and as she did more of Jack's cock slipped into her bottom. Soon with patience and steady strokes Jack was fully imbedded in her ass. Tammy grunted as Jack picked up the pace and drove his cock home with each stroke. He looked at her beautiful ass as he fucked her and he couldn't believe that he was really fucking her cute ass with her husband watching. Jack excitedly watched his cock slide in and out of Tammy's tight bung hole and he felt his ejaculation building in his balls. 

He shoved his cock in as far as he could and unleashed a torrent of cum into Tammy's rectum. Tammy was surprised by the force of Jack's ejaculation and the amount of semen that he shot into her ass since it was his third time that evening. Jack kept fucking her slowly and Tammy's anal muscles contracted around his cock involuntarily milking every drop of cum from him. Jack wanted to stay in Tammy's beautiful ass forever but he felt his cock soften in her rectum. His cock slipped out slowly and made an audible popping sound when it cleared Tammy's sphincter. Jack had just experienced another incredible ass fuck. 

Tammy was in need of an orgasm and she reached between her legs to finger her own pussy. Timmy rolled her over and told her to let him take care of that for her. Timmy knelt between her legs and lowered his face to her pussy. Tammy had a quick orgasm and humped her pussy up into her husband's face. She coated her husband's face with her pussy juice as she thrashed about on the bed. Jack was hard again so he moved up and slipped his cock into Timmy's ass and fucked him. Jack fucked Timmy until he shot his load into Timmy's ass. 
