 My wife and I enjoy travelling - sometimes booking a hotel, sometimes camping and sometimes using vrbo or airbnb. This time we'd chosen airbnb for our week long stay in the Smokey Mountains. It was early September so the days were warm, the nights just cooling down and the majority of mosquitoes had gone away. 

I liked the place as soon as we saw the booking - a quaint cabin in the mountains, we'd have our own bedroom & bathroom in the loft, the view was amazing and there was even a hot tub. Our emails with the owners just confirmed that this was going to be where we were staying. 

It was a 9 hr drive and we'd told the couple - Dave and Amy - that we likely wouldn't be there until 7pm or so and were very surprised to find a note on our table inviting us down for a beer and some pizza when we got there. When we'd gotten our stuff inside we went down and met them for the first time. They both looked a few years younger than us (I'm 54, my wife is 51) and they were both great looking. They got up to greet us and I got my first good look at Amy. She obviously wasn't wearing a bra, her tits were a size or two smaller than my wife's D cups, they didn't show any sign of sagging and her nipples showed long and firm against her shirt. Her legs were quite shapely and while I couldn't be sure, I didn't think she was wearing any underwear. 

Dave was clean shaven (compared to my beard/moustache) and looked like he was in good shape too. Dave and I shook hands, Laurie (my wife) and Amy hugged and then Amy turned and gave me a hug too - tight enough that I could easily feel her nipples against my chest. I certainly didn't mind and when I looked over her shoulder, Dave was hugging Laurie just as close so I enjoyed Amy's hug until she finally pulled away.

All was good...it was nice to know we'd found a nice, friendly couple to rent from - we'd had a few other rentals where we felt like we were intruding in their personal space even though they were the ones that had rented it out. 

After a couple of beer and some pizza, Laurie asked if the hot tub was available to us as it had been a long drive and she was a bit stiff. Dave said yes, it was available but there was one catch. 

"What's the catch?" asked Laurie

Dave and Amy looked at each other for a sec and then back at us. "We don't allow suits in the pool so it's yours to use as long as you're nude."

I was fine with the idea but wasn't sure whether Laurie would go for it so I was a bit surprised when she instantly replied, "That's fine by me." and looked over to me and I nodded as well. 

"Perfect!" said Amy, "there's a couple of robes in your room, just wear them down if you'd like and hang them by the tub."

We finished up, had another beer, helped them clean things up and went upstairs to unpack. Once that was done, Laurie looked at me and said "Hot tub now?"

"Sure, let's go" was my quick reply. We stripped off, put on the robes and headed down. There was a little path around a wall that blocked the tub from the house and we were quite surprised when we came around it and saw Dave and Amy already in the tub. It was too late to turn back so we kept going, hung up our robes and got in with them. They must have seen the surprised look on our faces because Amy said, "sorry I guess we forgot to mention that we'd be coming out too." but the smile on her face told me there'd been a bit of a plan to surprise us.

It was a bit tight with four of us in there - I was beside Laurie, Amy was beside me and Dave was between Amy and Laurie.

Because of Amy's smaller breasts, they only showed a little bit but my wife's were floating beautifully in front of her and I could see by looking at Dave that he was enjoying the view as much as I was. We soaked for a while, just chatting and getting to know each other and eventually I noticed that Dave was occasionally fondling Amy's breast and from her movements I think she was stroking him under the water. Laurie must have noticed too because I soon felt her hand on my thigh and move up to my crotch. 

No surprise that I was already hard from watching Dave and Amy play but got even harder when she started stroking me. Unlike Amy, there was no way I could play with Laurie's nipples without being seen and was sure that she wouldn't let me but I figured I might as well try and again I was surprised when not only did she let me play with her nipples, she turned and leaned against me so I'd have better access and could fondle both of them. 

I felt her whole body tense for a second and at first I thought she'd changed her mind but then she tipped her head back and whispered "Dave's foot is working up my leg - what should I do?" 

Amy's foot had been touching my leg on and off for a bit and I'd been thinking it was just because of the size of the tub but now I was wondering. We'd watched a bit of porn that had threesomes and foursomes in it and it always got us hot but I don't think either one of us had really considered doing it. Well, ok, I'd considered it and always got hot as hell thinking about watching another guy play with my wife but Laurie had never showed interested in pursuing it. 

"Well," I whispered back, "I'd say either spread your legs and let him play or pull your legs back to let him know you're not interested. 

A few minutes later, Dave shifted so he was looking more toward Amy than Laurie so I thought she'd pulled back and now he was going to play with his wife so I was quite surprised when I ran my hand up Laurie's leg and found Dave already playing

with her pussy. He looked at me with a bit of a concerned/questioning glance so I smiled, nodded and reached the other way to see if Amy was open to me touching her leg. 

She certainly was and it wasn't long before I fingers were teasing her slit and I was quite happily surprised to find it totally smooth (Laurie will trim and shave a bit but doesn't like her pussy totally bare). We played like this for a few minutes until Dave asked if we'd like another drink. Everyone agreed so he and Amy got up and went inside, leaving Laurie and I in the tub. Once they were inside, I looked at Laurie and said, "I think we both

know where this is heading - are you ok with it?"

"At first I wasn't sure but no offence to you, it feels good to play with a different cock (I hadn't noticed that she was playing with him) and have different fingers touching me. I love you more than anything but I'm good to see where this goes."

I'd seen Dave's cock when he stood up and I could see where his would have been different to play with - he was a couple of inches shorter than my 9" but almost twice as thick.

With that we kissed and were still kissing when they came back with more drinks and sat back in the hot tub. When we finally pulled away from each other everything was quiet for a few seconds and then almost together, both of moved to the other's spouse, hugged and began kissing them.

I'm not sure how fast Laurie and Dave got into it but it was only a few second before Amy's tongue found it's way between my lips and my hands were on her ass, pulling her against my throbbing cock. When I looked over, Dave was kissing Laurie hotly and cupping one of her tits at the same time. Amy noticed as well and said, "Dave does have a thing for bigger tits and looks like he's enjoying your wife's!"

"That's ok, I've got a thing for eating a shaved pussy and I hope to be enjoying yours soon too!"

We started kissing again, but were interrupted by Dave saying, "why don't we move this inside before we make a mess in the tub?"

Everyone laughed a bit and we got up and moved inside. When we got in, Amy said to us, "do you want to chat any more or should we just go straight to the bedroom?" 

"Laurie's been known to squirt a fair bit so wherever we play better be able to get wet!" was my answer.

"The bed it is then, there's a cover on it - Amy's a squirter too!" replied Dave, so he and I headed to the bedroom while the ladies went to the bathroom to rinse off the tub water before joining us in the bedroom.

Both ladies lay back on the bed and Dave and I enjoyed the view for a few seconds before Amy said to me, "You'd said something about enjoying licking a bare pussy?"

"I certainly did!" and started kissing and touching her legs as I worked my way up. Looking over briefly, Dave was going the other way, nibbling on Laurie's tits and working his way down. By the time we both got to our new partners pussies, I'm sure Laurie was as wet as Amy was. Just like Laurie said it was fun to touch a new cock, it was fun to touch and taste a new pussy. Amy's was similar but different - she felt different when I slid a couple of fingers in, tasted a bit tangier and instead of just wet, there was almost a thickness to her fluids that I could almost gather with my tongue. 

My wife was fairly vocal so I knew Dave was doing a good job of pleasing her with his tongue but most of my focus was on Amy - I was loving the feel of her bare pussy on my tongue. Amy wasn't as vocal but her hands on the back of my head pulling me against her pussy and the quivers I could feel every so often told me she was enjoying my attentions as well. Laurie came first - I could tell by her moans that she was getting close and knew she'd cum when I heard Dave say, "Holy shit, that was one hell of a squirt". 

I stopped eating Amy long enough to look over and both Amy and I started laughing - Dave's hair was so wet it was matted to his head and her cum was still dripping off his face and running down his chest. I could only watch for so long as I wanted to get back to tasting Amy and it was only a few more minutes before she came. I was used to Laurie squirting but Amy was definitely different, it wasn't so much a squirt as a sudden flood of her juices flowing out of her pussy which I happily licked up. 

The ladies looked at each other the way a satisfied woman smiles and motioned for us to take our turn on the bed. As we moved up and lay back, they started stroking us which really wasn't necessary as we were both rock hard but neither of us were going to tell them to stop either. While they were stroking us, they were whispering to each other. I couldn't really make out what they were saying and the only thing I could really make out was "ok I will" and "go for it" from Laurie.

I could only imagine what they were talking about but pretty sure I'd be finding out sooner or later. Soon I felt Amy's mouth on my cock for the first time and could instantly tell not only was she good at giving head, she seemed to enjoy it too! I'd been hard since the hot tub and it had been a few days since Laurie and I had been able to find the time for sex so I knew I wasn't going to last long. At first Amy seemed to have trouble getting all of me in her mouth but she wasn't going to give up and soon had my whole cock in and out of her mouth until I felt her nose pressing against my pubes. I just had to look over and see how Laurie was doing with Dave's coke can thick cock and she had also worked it out and was taking all of it in as she bobbed up and down, her mouth wide and her cheeks bulging. It wasn't long before I could feel the eruption building and when I heard Dave say "I'm gonna cum" that was enough to push me over the edge and I shot stream after stream of cum into Amy's mouth. When I finished cumming, I looked over at Laurie just in time to catch her looking at Amy and both of them nodding. Before I could figure out what they were nodding about, Laurie moved up over Dave and Amy moved up over me and both ladies proceeded to kiss us. As Amy started kissing me, I could taste a bit of my cum on her lips but wasn't prepared for the gush of cum that poured from her mouth to mine when her tongue parted my lips. I was surprised at first, then a bit grossed out and then without knowing why, I was getting turned on again. I had to swallow twice to get it all and when she finally pulled away, she had a big smile on her face and was looking from me over to Laurie and back. I followed her eyes and Laurie had done the same thing except I could tell this wasn't the first time Dave had gotten a mouthful of cum because he was busily licking all the remnants off Laurie's face. 

Laurie looked my way, smiled and said, "When Amy suggested it, I wasn't sure how you'd react but it got me totally hot - would you do it again?" 

"Yes, I think I would - I wasn't sure at first but figured if women could swallow cum then I should be able to & ya, I guess it was pretty hot."

"I can tell, " said Laurie smiling as she looked down at my cock.

Normally it would take me a half hour or so to get hard again after an orgasm like that but getting apparently this wasn't one of those nights. I was already almost as hard as I'd been when Amy was sucking on me & a quick glance showed Dave was just as hard. I was getting the idea that the ladies had talked about some of this ahead of time because they both moved back down a bit until they were hovering just over our cocks. 

Just as the tip of our cocks were about to part the folds of our new partners for the first time, I looked at Amy and said ,"Stop". 

Both she and Laurie looked at me with a bit of a worried look and Laurie said, "Stop? I thought you were good with this."

"Oh I am," I replied, I just wanted Amy to stop so I could watch a cock the size of Dave's open you up and slide inside."

With that, their worried looks were replaced with smiles as Amy and I watched Laurie slowly lower herself onto Dave's cock. We'd played a bit with larger objects so I knew Laurie could take it but loved the expression on her face as he opened her up and filled her more than my cock did. By the time he was all the way in, Laurie's eyes were wide, her breathing was quicker and her nipples were hard and flushed - all signs that she was really enjoying the feeling and well on her way to an orgasm.

I reached up for Amy's hips, letting her know I was ready by slowly pulling her down onto my cock. Being thinner, I had no problem sliding into her until I got to the point where Dave's cock would have stopped and then I could see the change in her expression as mine kept going deeper. I wouldn't say that fucking Amy was any better than Laurie but it was definitely different and very exciting. So exciting it didn't take long for me to feel the urge to cum again and as much as I wanted to hold off, and I'm pretty sure Amy could feel that I was getting ready to cum too. However instead of slowing down, she sped up and leaned forward more so her tits were right in my face. 

There wasn't any way I could refuse that offer so I started sucking and biting a bit on her nipples and could instantly feel her pussy contract as she came with a gush . That was all it took and I started shooting my cum into her and moan a "oh fuck that feels good, I'm cumming". I'd like to be able to say I stayed hard and we fucked all night but I'm pretty sure that's only in the movies because I could feel my cock soften and begin to slide out of her pussy. 

This time it must have been my cumming that triggered Dave because I'd just begun to soften when I heard him tell Laurie he was cumming as he let go in her pussy. At first Amy lay beside me and Laurie lay beside Amy but then by some mutual agreement, they switched and Laurie moved beside me and Amy moved to Dave's side. 

"Well?" was all that Laurie said and rather than answer, I just pulled her to me and kissed her like we would have when we were first going out...long, hot and sensual.

This being our first time, I wasn't really sure what the next step would be but that was taken care of when Dave said, "You guys must be tired, why don't we call it a night and we'll see you at breakfast."

Laurie and I both agreed and moved off to go up to our bed. Apparently sleep wasn't as much on Dave and Amy's mind because it wasn't long before we could hear their bed moving and Amy moaning, "Oh yes, fuck me again. I want to feel your cum and Dave's in me together."

I think we had both been good to go to sleep but once we heard that, I was certainly getting horny again and when I felt Laurie's hand run down my chest, over my belly and wrap around my cock, I could tell she was open to some more fun as well. 

She moved her lips up beside my ear and whispered, "Did you like fucking Amy?"

My cock twitched and got harder.

"Did you like watching him fuck me and know he was filling my pussy with his cock and finally his cum?"

My cock got even harder.

By now she'd moved from beside me to straddling my newly hardened cock and kept going with "and that you'd be willing to do it again?"

"Ya" thinking that I was going to get another blowjob before we went to sleep.

"That makes me so fucking wet...fuck me!" she moaned as she slid down my cock. 

She was so wet with the combination of her juices and Dave's that I slid right in. I'd been thinking I'd be getting a blowjob but apparently another fucking was what she was thinking and I was fine with that. I tried rolling her over so I could fuck her harder but apparently that wasn't the plan.

"Oh no...I'm going to fuck you just the way Amy did until you fill my pussy with cum too!"

It took a lot longer this time and I was starting to think I was drained until we heard Dave moan and Amy cry out, "That's it, pump it into me, fill me with more cum."

There's no way to not get excited when you hear that kind of talk and for the third time that night, I fired off a load of cum. 

"Damn, that was almost as hot as watching Amy swap your cum with you! Do you know how hot I got watching Amy kiss you and swap your cum with you? Remember when you said that if a woman was willing to swallow cum, then you thought you should be able to, and that you'd be willing to try it again?"

"Ummm, ya."

"So if I'm ok with cum in my mouth then you'd be ok with that cum in your mouth?

"Ya, I guess so."

I could see Laurie's eyes light up a bit - the kind of look that tells me something else is coming and she's not sure how I'll react. Then she smiled even more and said, "Well if you're ok tasting cum from my mouth then how about cum from my pussy?"

All I was able to get out was "That wasn't wha" before she'd moved up and her cummy pussy was right over my face and then down on my mouth. 

It's amazing how fast your brain can process thoughts but how slow your body can react. My brain had already gotten through

- you're eating a cum filled pussy for the first time

- you're eating your cum for the second time tonight

- you're eating another guy's cum for the first time

All that was before the first gush of cum filled my mouth. I didn't want to swallow it, at least I don't think I did but I felt like I was going to choke so swallow I did. It wasn't that bad - I think I actually liked it better with a bit of pussy flavour than I had straight from Amy's mouth. By the time my mouth was full for the second time I swallowed intentionally and the last little bit that I got I actually moved around in my mouth for a few seconds before swallowing it. 

I know she'd told me how turned on the sucking, fucking and me tasting cum had gotten her but I wasn't prepared for the "oh my fucking god that feels good" and the spray of her cum that jetted out of her. 

I had to swallow a few more times to avoid choking on that before she finally rolled off and lay beside me again. I was a bit lost in my own post-orgasm haze when I heard Amy from the bedroom below, "hope it was as good for you as it was for me. Next time we'll have to see if he'll eat Dave's cum from you."

"Holy shit!" I said looking at Laurie - "When the hell did you and Amy have time to plan all this out?"

"Don't you remember who 'found' the cabin in the first place? I ran into Amy at a convention, we went out for drinks and she ended up telling me about how her and Dave enjoyed swinging, I told her it just might be something you and I would enjoy and it kind of went from there."
