 Anticipation of the very moment I would see you, touch you and taste you… was more torturous than I could bare.  My excitement for the night, the weekend ahead was maddening.  I wasn’t sure I would be able to control myself when our eyes did meet. I thought I would literally jump your bones and devour every inch of you with my ravenous mouth.  Lips quivering; tongue anxious to taste.  You were my prey… I had you in my sights. I watched as your body slowly began to move to the beat of the song playing by Tweet -“Love Me”.  Your eyes scanning the room.  I wasn’t sure if they noticed me or if they sought me out in the crowd.  I just knew I longed for them to do just that.  Thoughts of what I wanted to do to you serrated my mind.  I felt myself rise from my seat and seductively, determinedly slither towards you.  The closer I got, the harder my twat throbbed and the deeper the urge to take you, be taken by you, burned through me.

I stood behind you, wondering if you knew, if you could sense my presence, my hunger, and my thirst for your lips.  I sized you up, your physique.  The thickness of your neck and the broadness of your shoulders seducing me.  I wanted, I had to touch you.  I moved closer and placed one hand upon the side of your face, gently caressing, as my lips moved closer to your ear and suckled your lobe.  Softly meading it between my sensuous lips.  My left hand moving around your waist and rubbing your chest.  I moved down to kiss your neck.  Tender kisses covering the length of your neck finding their way to your lips…MMMM, finally our lips meet, our tongues dance within each other’s melody and I exhale.  I’ve waited too long for this first kiss.  It sent sensations, never felt through me and I knew, then and there I had to have all of you.  I had to have you inside of me. My right hand rubbed down your chest and down your stomach I wanted to feel my finger tips on your flesh.  I raised you cream colored sweater just enough to place my hand underneath and get a glimpse of your sexy six pack.  The hardness of your abs and chest turned me on so.  I let my fingers circle the tip of your nipples and kissed you deeper to let you know how much I wanted you.  Kissing you deeper, harder to let you know how much I wanted and loved the taste of you.  I needed and wanted to taste more.  I whispered how much I needed to have you inside me in your ear…and waited eagerly for your response.  Can I taste you, suck you, and lick you…. Will you fuck me now?  Though I could hardly control myself, I did knowing the best was yet to come.  

We made our way to the dance floor.  Our eyes locked on each other, fingers intertwined, our bodies grinding in unison to the slow seductive beat.  I turned so that my back was pressed nicely against your chest and my ass snuggly at your crotch.  I closed my eyes and let my mind focus only your touch and the music.  I was so entangled in your web I did not realize we had an admirer.  I could feel the presence of another body before me.  I thought for sure it was another gorgeous guy there to join in our fun.  But when I opened my eyes and saw a beautiful dark haired female moving closer to me, I was startled at first.  As I watched the way her body moved, totally controlled by the music and the sight of you and I, I began to feel myself wanting her to join us.  I wanted to feel her body as she moved like liquid through my hands.  

I laid my head back on your shoulder and licked at your lips.  I lifted my hand up behind your head and pulled you head down and I kissed you deeply whispering to you, "Do you like what you see?" "Would you like to have us both?"  I continued to grind against you, I could feel you growing harder, longer.  I motioned for her to come closer.  She did with no hesitation.  She began to move with us, we had become one.  

As the song was nearing its end, we stumbled over formal introductions.  I asked her if she was interested in joining us for rest of the night.  She smiled and said she would love to.  We danced to a couple of more songs and waited for our night to begin.  She trailed as we drove to our home.  The entire drive I was so nervous and totally excited.  This would be our first encounter with another.  I'd never felt anything so exhilarating.  I could not wait to have them both.  Finally, we reach our destination.  Into the house we go making ourselves comfortable.  We have a few drinks, listen to some sensuous music and before we knew it we were lost in each other.

We strip you down, tie you naked in a chair.  Your hands bound behind your back.  All you can do is watch.  You can’t touch, you can’t taste, and you can’t join in.  All you can do is watch as she and I go at each other.  We danced before you, grinding our bodies against each other slowly.  Slowly undressing each other.  Our lips join and our tongues intertwine.  She slowly slips the straps of my bra off my shoulders.  Her lips move down to accompany her hands on my breasts.  I feel her tongue flicking at my huge nipples, squeezing my big black breasts.

She moves one hand down my stomach and inside my already wet panties.  I feel her fingers stroking my throbbing clit.  I beg her to touch my hot wet pulsating pussy.  She begins to finger me, sucking my nipples even harder. Her tongue trails down my body and finds it’s way to my sweet sex, calling for her, pleading for her to kiss me there.  Suck it please, I beg her.  I feel her lips began to suck on the lips of my twat.  Her tongue and fingers working in unison.  Probing me, my juices flowing, me melting between her lips, melting on her tongue.  Oh God, her mouth feels so good.

She stands before me once again and gives me a hot passionate kiss.  I move to whisper in her ear... We kiss once more and I take her by the hand.  Our eyes fall upon you.  Our prey.  We share a devilish smile and slither towards you.  Destination reached.  Both of us naked before you.  We kneel. The two of us on our knees, at your cock.  We kiss as our heads bow to take your cock in our mouths.  Each of us sharing you hot tool.  She takes you in one hand and begins to suck the head of your cock as I take your balls in my hand and my tongue licks up and down the shaft of your beautifully thick cock.  Over and over again, both of us licking and sucking, nibbling on your sex sweetly.

She strokes you up and down.  Long, deep firm strokes down the length of your cock.  Her tongue lapping at your member.  While I suck your balls. Still your tied, you can’t touch, you can’t join in, and you can’t taste.  We kiss again and she stands to straddle you.  She’s facing me as she eases your cock inside her wet sex.  Sliding up and down your cock I lick her clit and your shaft rubbing her clit with my fingers and sucking your balls one at a time rolling them in my other hand.  We take turns riding you until you beg us to stop.  But we don’t...we end by sucking you till you explode all over my breasts and you have to watch as we both lick your thick white cum off my big black breasts.  Shall we untie you now?