 I looked on in disbelief as my beautiful demure wife of twelve years was on her back with her legs spread wide open and another man was plunging in and out of her pussy. She had a hold of her ankles so that he had full access to her. She also had her lips wrapped around another man's cock and was sucking it at the same time. The man punishing her pussy with his huge cock was ready to explode. He pulled out of her and shot his load onto her porcelain white skin. He sprayed from her chin to her pussy. The guy in her mouth also came shortly after and she drank his cum like she was starving.

I looked down as a beautiful redhead was sucking my cock. She had her nose buried against my pubic bone as she swallowed my entire cock.

The two guys that had been filling my wife's orifices had got up and they were immediately replaced with two more guys. They turned her over and put her on all fours. With no mercy one of them slammed his cock into her pussy and I heard her grunt out an "AAAUUUUGH" as she swallowed the dick that was in her face. The guy behind her was fucking her so hard that her big full tits were swinging below her and I could hear his groin slapping against her ass.

The beautiful redhead who had been bent over sucking my dick was now also being fucked from behind by some guy I didn't know. She was moaning on my cock with each thrust from behind her, "MM...MMM...MM."

From watching my wife being fucked and from the expert job the redhead was doing I could feel my cock expanding with the cum that was churning from my balls into the shaft and then exploding into her mouth. She had me buried in her throat and I shot the cum straight down her throat. She took it all without gagging.

I looked over just as the guy fucking my wife pulled out and pumped a load onto the small of her back and was letting his cock slide along her ass. The guy, who was fucking her mouth like a pussy arched his back, closed his eyes and let out a grunt then shot into her mouth.

Another guy had seen her firm round ass stuck in the air and was looking for a spot to put his hard cock. He turned toward her and slid it into her pussy.

The redhead had pulled off of my cock and was now moaning, "Oh fuck yesssss, I'm cummmmmming."

I walked away from her and was looking for someone to fuck. I wanted to stay in sight of my wife so I could continue to watch the action. I found a little blonde that was bent over the arm of a chair sucking some guy's cock. She had a cute little shaved pussy exposed between her legs and a little brown puckered asshole at my disposal. I walked up behind her and spread her legs slightly then inserted my cock into her. She was soaking wet I'm sure from her juices and the juices of who knows how many cocks. Her pussy was on fire and felt like an oven as I slid into her slick velvety pussy. I grabbed her little round hips and plunged in and out of her.

I looked over at my wife as the guy behind her was pulling his cock from her pussy he had it aimed at her ass. He pushed forward and let the head of his cock pop into her ass. I heard her as she pulled off of the guy she was sucking, "OH FUCK!" she jerked and looked back to see who her assailant was. He pushed a little further into her and she froze as he pushed all the way into her. She was an anal virgin and I was wondering how she was going to react. As the guy pulled back she thrust her ass back at him. He slammed into her ass again and she exclaimed, "OH YESSSSS FUCK MY ASS YOU BASTARD!" He then started plunging in and out of her ass. She then resumed sucking the guy in front of her who grabbed her head and was pushing and pulling her head on his cock with her thrusts back at the cock that was in her tight little ass.

I had continued to fuck the little blonde bent over the chair. The guy she was sucking had apparently shot his load and moved on. She was squeezing my cock with her pussy muscles and I kept pounding into her.

The guy fucking my wife's ass pulled out and shot his load onto the small of her back and the guy fucking her mouth pulled her head back and shot his load onto her face. She collapsed on the floor and just laid there.

I was ready to cum again and exploded into the blonde's pussy. Shooting my cum deep inside her.

I pulled out of her as she turned to me and said, "Thank-You that was wonderful." And walked away in search more cock.

I walked over to my wife bent down to her, and touched her shoulder. Her eyes were closed and she said, "Not right now you will have to wait a minute."

I said, "Honey it's me."

She opened her eyes and smiled at me. She said, "Help me up please."

I helped her up and we walked out of the tangle of bodies. Our guests had an area where they had put some towels to be used for cleanup purposes. She grabbed a towel and wiped the cum from her face and then from the rest of her body. Her shaven pussy lips were red and swollen and her make-up was a mess. I'm sure her ass was a little sore also.

She looked at me and said, "Are you ok?"

I replied, "Yes I'm fine. It was so wild and erotic to see you being fucked by so many men."

She looked at me and said, "They just kept coming one after another. I have never been fucked or sucked that much in such a short period of time. How about you? I was so busy I didn't get to see if you were having a good time."

I said, "Some redhead sucked me off and then I found a little blonde bent over and fucked her."

She asked, "Do you want to stay or are you ready to go?"

" I don't care if you are ready to go then we can go," I responded.

"I think I have had all the cock I need for one night and I know my ass can't stand another go around tonight,"

We grabbed our clothes got dressed and looked for our hosts but could not find them. We went out the door got into our car and headed home.

Maggie and I had been married for twelve years and as happens in a marriage the sex dwindles to not very often and it is usually the same old positions. Maggie is 35 and a beautiful woman. She turns heads everywhere we go. She is a green-eyed brunette that stands 5'8" tall and has a killer body with large full breasts and a tight little ass. Her legs are muscular like a dancer's legs. She stays in great shape. Maggie and I met at a party and until tonight she was the only woman I had fucked since I had met her. We have a great marriage and love each other very much it was just that the sex was boring and we needed some variety. She had a good friend and a co-worker named Roxie. Maggie and Roxie talked about everything. When Maggie confessed our sexual discontent Roxie told her about this party they were hosting and invited us.

Maggie and I had two weeks before the party to discuss whether a swinger's party is something we wanted to try. We discussed jealousy and love. We had decided that it was simply fucking for fucking and not love.

My name is Steve and I'm an attorney in the town we live in. I have a successful practice and was a little worried about what people would think if it got out. Roxie assured Maggie that it was completely private and that everyone there was an invited guest. Everybody wanted the parties kept confidential.

I turned to Maggie as we were headed home, "Was it like what you thought it was going to be like?"

She was looking out the window and answered, "I'm not sure what I expected. I think I thought it was going to be more one on one not an orgy. I was not prepared to have one cock after another shoved into my pussy and mouth. I sure was not prepared to have one shoved up my ass."

I had to ask, "Did you enjoy yourself?"

She was still looking out the window into the darkness and paused before answering, "Yes. How about you?"

I stared at the road out the windshield and answered, "Yes." I paused then, "I truly enjoyed watching you taking on two guys at once."

She turned and looked at me, "I would have thought that would be the hardest part."

"Me too but, it turns out that was the most erotic part of the evening for me. You are so sexy and your body is so desirable. I enjoyed your lips wrapped around another guys cock. I knew what he was feeling." I turned now and looked at her.

She asked, "Is it something you would like to do again?"

I looked straight into her sparkling green eyes and said, "Yes, definitely. How about you?"

She smiled and said, "Yes, I felt like such a slut but yet so desirable. Like all of them were waiting in line to fuck me."

I responded, "Honey they were waiting in line to fuck you and I'm sure that if we had stayed there before the night was through they all would have fucked you and some probably twice."

We pulled onto our block and Maggie said, "Roxie told me they change the theme of the party each month to keep it exciting. Sometimes they exchange keys, sometimes everyone wears a mask she said it just keeps it interesting."

We pulled into the garage. She looked at me and asked, "So, you want me to tell Roxie Monday that we would like to come to the next one?"

I shook my head yes and smiled at her. She smiled back.

We went into the house and she jumped into the shower to wash away the dried cum on her body. I sat in the living room on the couch in the darkness and the images of Maggie getting fucked by complete strangers kept running through my mind like a porn movie.

Maggie came out to the living room naked. She dropped to her knees in front of me and said, "There is one cock I didn't get tonight and that one is my favorite."

She unzipped my pants and pulled my cock into her mouth. I know she had to taste and smell the musky scent of the blonde's pussy on my cock. She sucked and stroked my cock to its full length. She turned to get on all fours and wagged her ass in the air at me. I got down behind her and slid my cock into her waiting pussy. Her pussy was hotter than usual which was probably from all of the cocks that had fucked it tonight. I was replaying in my mind the scenes again as I was plunging into her pussy showing no mercy. I wanted to fuck her hard and deep and to cum deep inside her. Her climax was not important to me right now I just wanted to fuck her. I then thought I might not have been the first but I was going to be the second. I withdrew my slick cock from her pussy and immediately popped the head into her ass.

She moaned and said, "Honey I'm not sure I can do that right now." I just pushed a little further in. She screamed, "OHHHH FFFUUUUCCKKKK!"

I pushed all of my cock into her ass as she reached for her pussy. She was massaging her clit as I reached for her big tits hanging below her and pinched her nipples hard.

She had her head on the carpet and said, "Yes fuck my ass Steve. Fuck me hard!"

I withdrew and then plunged into her time and time again. She screamed "OH Fuck I'm cumming."

Her whole body jerked as she pushing back against me. He asshole locked onto my cock causing even more friction and I groaned as I shot a load deep into her bowels.

We both collapsed on the floor breathing heavily with my cock still in her.

I pulled it out and it made a pop as it exited her tight little ass. I helped her up and kissed her passionately. I then looked into her eyes and asked, "You like getting your tight little ass fucked don't you?"

She blushed a crimson red and answered, "It hurts like hell at first but then, oh my god!"

I went in to shower and she crawled in bed. When I got to bed she was already asleep.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The next day when I got home from work Maggie was already there. She was excited. She said, "I told Roxie that we would like to come back next month. She said that next month is a spotlight party."

I had a questioning look on my face and she read that.

She said, "I don't know either. She told me it would be a surprise."

The month went by normally with one exception. Our sex life had improved dramatically. We were making love or flat out fucking each other at least every other day and in different rooms of the house and not always just at night.

Finally the night of the party rolled around and we got ready to go. Maggie looked sensational in an almost sheer top and a black leather mini skirt that she had bought for the party.

We arrived at Roxie's house right on time.

There were about ten couples there so we went to get a drink to loosen up and to mingle a bit. One more couple arrived about ten minutes after us and then Roxie stepped into the room.

She said, "Tonight is a spotlight party. What that means is that we will gather all of the women around a table. I have a laser pointer that we will spin to see who goes first, second and so on. In the other room there is a king-sized mattress on the floor surrounded by bright spotlights. The women will take their turns as the laser light hits them. The lady will assume her spot on the mattress. We will then gather the men around the table and spin the laser to see who goes first. We may spin the laser faster there so the ladies might have one up to four men on the mattress at a time with them. Once the men orgasm whether it is from manual, oral or vaginal they are done and leave the mattress. Are there any questions? Good, then lets get the ladies around the table."

All of the eleven ladies gathered around the table. Roxie spun the laser and stepped back into the circle. I was standing behind Maggie as the laser slowed down. Maggie looked down and then looked up at me. I looked over her shoulder and the laser was pointing at her stomach.

Roxie said, "Ok you're first. Go on into the room and get ready."

Maggie was either very nervous or very excited as she grabbed my hand she was shaking. She turned to me and kissed me and said, "I Love You!" 

I said, "I Love You too. Have fun and I will see you in a bit."

Everybody followed Maggie into the other room. In the middle of the room was the mattress and many lights around it. It looked more like a stage than a bed. I'm sure that is what the intention was.

Maggie stripped off her clothes and went to the mattress and sat down. She was bathed in bright light and you could see the wild excitement in her green eyes. Her nipples were hard and erect with excitement.

Roxie then said, "Ok guys step over here to this table and we will spin the light again."

We all stood around the table and Roxie let it spin. It landed on a tall good-looking guy who looked to be about 30 years old. He stepped away from the table and started taking off his clothes. When he was naked he stepped onto the mattress and into the lights. He knelt down on the mattress in front of Maggie. Maggie got up on her knees and he kissed her to get things started. Everyone was gathered around the mattress so they could watch the action. He then kissed Maggie's neck and moved down to her breasts and sucked a nipple into his mouth. Maggie closed her eyes and let her head roll back enjoying the sensation of having her nipple sucked. He then kissed down her stomach and laid her on her back. He moved to her clean-shaven pussy and in all the lights you could tell she was soaking wet as her pussy lips were shining. He started to lick her pussy and as he did she moaned.

Roxie whispered, "Guys"

We all went back to the table and she spun again. This time it landed on a guy who looked to be in his forties. He stepped away from the table and disrobed. He went to the mattress as Maggie was getting her pussy licked. He knelt down by her head. He reached out and started massaging her full breasts and rolling her nipples between his fingertips. Maggie moaned even louder this time. Maggie reached for his cock and guided it between her red lips then sucked the head of it into her mouth.

My cock was rock hard and you could hear the breathing around the mattress getting heavier as everyone watched Maggie and the two men.

The first guy pulled off of Maggie's pussy and knelt between her legs. He then guided his cock into her pussy. He put her legs over his shoulders and leaned forward until her ass pulled off of the mattress. He started pumping in and out of her, you could hear their groins slapping together on each down stroke.

Maggie continued to suck the other guy's cock as he played with her tits.

Roxie again whispered, "Guys"

We stood around the table and Roxie spun the light. It stopped on a shorter heavier set guy and he stepped away from the table. Roxie said, "One more."

She spun it again and it stopped on another younger good-looking guy. He stepped away from the table. The rest of us went back to see the action.

The shorter guy got on the mattress had placed his hand on one of Maggie's breasts. Maggie reached out and grabbed his cock that was not very long but like him was thick. She started stroking it.

The younger guy walked into the light and I think I heard a collective gasp from the women. His cock was hard and had to be at least 10" long. It was so big that hard its weight kept it from standing straight up.

He knelt down next to Maggie and started massaging her clit as the other guy fucked her. She reached out to grab his cock. Her eyes opened wide as she could not get her hand all the way around it. She looked over at it.

The guy who was fucking her pussy groaned, threw his head back and shot a load into Maggie's pussy. He withdrew and left the mattress. The short stocky guy jumped in and inserted his cock into Maggie's pussy and started stroking into her. The guy who she was sucking off moaned and came in her mouth. He got up and left the mattress.

Roxie motioned for all the guys to get around the table. She spun the light and it landed on me. I went to disrobe and walked onto the mattress. About that time the short guy groaned loudly and shot a load into her pussy. I took a position at her head as she sucked my cock into her mouth. She must have noticed something familiar as she looked up and winked at me. The short guy withdrew and left the mattress. Now the young man with the big cock got between her legs and his massive cock was aimed at her pussy. He guided it into her and just let the head enter. Maggie's eyes opened wide as she felt the big cock enter her pussy. She momentarily stopped sucking on my cock to brace for this big dick to fuck her pussy. Her hands grabbed at the sheet and wadded it up in her fists. The young man pushed further into her. She had her eyes closed and her head rolled back with her back arched. I watched as this young stud pushed his meat into my wife's pussy. Her pussy was spread wide open and her hard little clit was standing at attention between the wet folds of her lips. He pushed in some more and now had three fourths of it inside her.

She moaned, "Ohhhh god." As he buried his cock into her. The young guy then grabbed her ankles and held them up and out as he withdrew and then all the way back in.

Maggie yelled, "Oh fuck!" I watched as the skin around her pussy was being sucked in and out as this big cock plunged and withdrew. He was now quickening the pace and Maggie was getting accustomed to the size. She reached for my cock and sucked it into her throat. I put my cock right in her face and reached my hand out to massage her clit as the cock slid in and out of her. As soon as I touched her sensitive clit she jerked and moaned, "OOOOOOHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSS! I'M CUUMMMING!"

It was like she was possessed the way she writhed and jerked with her orgasm. The young stud just kept thrusting into her pussy and I kept massaging her clit. She sucked me into her mouth again and reached out to stroke it. She looked up at me with an animal lust in her green eyes I had not seen before. 

Apparently Roxie had spun the light again as another guy joined us on the mattress. He took up a position by her other free hand; she grabbed it and started to stroke it for all she was worth. The stud in her pussy moaned and threw his head back. He withdrew his cock and stroked it a few times as he shot a load of cum. The first spurt hit Maggie on her neck. The next between her tits. I was watching as the cum rocketed out of his cock and splashed onto her body. 
