 I think we would all have loved to spend the rest of the day in bed but even though the sex was awesome, Laurie and I hadn't been to the Smokey Mountains before and wanted to see the area so we grabbed a quick shower and headed out for the rest of the day. Amy and Dave said they had a bunch of things to do so would likely be gone when we got back and to make ourselves at home. As we left, Amy gave me a long wet kiss and whispered in my ear - if you'd like, we can all enjoy the hot tub and play when we're all back again. 

Laura & I had always been 'touchy-feely' when we were out together but with everything that had happened in the last 24 hours, I think both of us must have been at a much higher level than normal because we were constantly touching, kissing and grabbing a not-so-subtle grope when we could. I was pretty sure she was getting wet and she had no doubt that I got hard every time she touched me. "I wonder what will happen tonight?" I said to Laurie, "Have you and Amy planned anything that I don't know about?"

"Nope...tonight is just going to be the four of us doing whatever we'd like to do. Did you and Dave plan anything?"

"Not us.. we didn't really have a chance to talk with him before we left."

We totally enjoyed the day and were horny as hell when we got back to the cabin. As Amy had said, they weren't there when we got back, our original plan was to wait for them to come back before we played but when we went to the bedroom to change we started kissing, touching and soon we were laying on the bed playing with each other. Even though we were getting decidedly hornier, Laurie must have known I wasn't fully focused on her because she looked over at me and said, "Looks like you're thinking of something - what's up?"

I knew her better than to deny anything so I said, "Well...I was thinking of earlier today."

"Oh...and I'll bet you were thinking of how to get into Amy's ass again?"

"Well, not exactly."

"Ok...so thinking of Dave fucking my ass? It hurt a bit but felt great - I'd certainly be willing to give that another go."

"Not quite what I was thinking." I wasn't quite sure what to say so I just kept going, "Since we got here, we've done a lot of things sexually that we've never done before and I hope you've enjoyed them as much as I have."

"Yes but you still haven't told me exactly what you're thinking."

"Well, I was thinking of what you said to Amy about her putting something in Dave's ass and thought...I know we've never done it but...I'd like to try a toy up my ass sometime."

That caught her a bit off guard, as the biggest thing she'd had up my ass since we got together was her finger and even that wasn't a regular event. 

I could see Amy's eyes almost light up as she said "Wow...I've thought about filling your ass with a toy quite a few times but never mentioned it because I didn't think you'd be into it. Fuck I think I just came a little bit thinking about it. Why don't we try right now...before they come home?"

I hesitated a bit but figured it could be now or never, "Ok, why not? How are we going to do this?"

"I like it best when you put a pillow under my ass and slide into me that way so maybe try that?"

"Sure, how about you suck on me while you do it...just to take my mind of any pain?"

"You just like getting head...but ok!" she said with a smile.

With that, Laurie grabbed a vibrator that we'd brought and the lube while I grabbed a pillow to give her a better angle.

As promised, her tongue and lips were all over my cock as a well lubed finger inched its way inside me. She'd fingered my ass before so that was fine but I know I clenched a bit when I felt her try sliding two fingers in. She was gentle, I relaxed and soon there were two and then three fingers sliding in and out of my ass at the same speed her mouth was sliding up and down my cock. 

I was really starting to enjoy the feeling when she pulled her fingers out and I felt the tip of her vibrator against my asshole. I knew it was a bit bigger than the three fingers so was prepared for it to be hard for her to work into then suddenly I realized it was going far deeper than her fingers - and I liked it!

She slid it in and out slowly at first and when I started pushing back against it, she started to go a bit faster. The feeling was incredible and I felt like I was close to cumming when she stopped and pulled it out. 

"Fuck that felt good in my ass...why'd you stop?" 

"I just want to try a different position - get up on your hands and knees so I can put it in from behind!"

It didn't even register that she'd pretty much told me what to do instead of asking until I was already kneeling on the bed with it going deeply into my ass. It felt different this way - but still really good and when she turned the vibrator on, I couldn't hold back a "holy fuck that feels good! Fuck my ass like I fuck yours."

Amy continued to fuck my ass with her vibrator, occasionally reaching between my legs to stroke my cock. "Let me know when you're going to cum ok?" she asked.

By the time she asked, all I could say was "I'm... almost... there!"

When she heard that, I felt her shift on the bed but couldn't tell what she was doing until I felt her hair touch my legs and her mouth on my cock - obviously she'd turned and slid underneath me so she could suck me some more. As she deep throated my cock, she slid the vibrator in as far as it would go and that was all it took for me to start cumming and shoot a huge load into her mouth. 

As soon I finished cumming I felt the toy slide out of my ass and I think I surprised her by moving up and kissing her before she could swallow all my cum. She recovered quickly and we shared what was left in her mouth until between us, it was all swallowed.

It wasn't until I rolled to her side that I noticed both Amy and Dave standing in the doorway with looks of obvious arousal on their faces. "Holy shit.. how long have you guys been watching? I asked.

"Right about the time you told her how good it felt. Don't be embarrassed, that's got to be the hottest thing I've ever seen." said Amy and then she looked at Dave and asked him "Don't you agree?"

A hesitant "yes" was all he said but when Laurie and I looked down we could see Amy was stroking his cock and judging by how hard it was, he was more turned on than he was willing to admit.

"See," said Amy, "I told you other guys like a toy in their ass sometimes!"

"Actually, that's the first time he's had anything bigger than my finger in his ass" replied Laurie with a big grin.

The look on Dave's face was a mix of concern and suspicion as looked at the three of us and asked, "Is this some sort of plan to get me to try receiving anal?"

Almost at the same time all three of us replied "nope" but then Amy added, "but if seeing how much Mark enjoyed it has made you want to try, I'd be more than happy to take your ass for the first time!"

Dave was pretty quick to change the subject by asking, "Are you guys still up for a hot tub in a bit?"

We all chuckled and agreed so I grabbed a shower and headed for the tub while Laurie grabbed her shower. I didn't bother with a robe and when I passed Amy in the kitchen, she grabbed me for a quick kiss and told me again how hot it looked to see me with a toy in my ass and that Dave was already in the tub and she'd join us when Laurie came down.

It didn't take long after I slid into the tub for Dave to ask, "Was that really your first time taking a toy in your ass?"

"Yup...I'd thought about it before but with what happened this morning I figured I might as well go for it."

"Did it hurt?"

"I'd be lying if I said it didn't hurt at all but just a bit at first and started feeling really good, really quickly. She's got bigger toys at home...who knows, maybe I'll let her try one of those sometime."

"I'm still not sure... but it did look hot and the way you came you must have been enjoying it."

Just then both ladies came out, also without robes and joined us. I expected the conversation to change but it kept going when Dave asked Laurie if it turned her on to fuck my ass with a vibrator. 

"Well, let's just say the shower took a bit longer because I had to get off - twice! Why...are you thinking of trying it? I'd be happy to give Amy a few tips...or maybe you'd just like me to do it instead of Amy" she said with a grin.

"Hmmm...both sound possible, I'm just still not sure."

I figured it was time to throw my 2 cents in with "well, Laurie was really gentle with me and I loved it so I know she'd be gentle with you too and I could coach Amy through it so she'd know what to do the next time with you."

"Oh wow" exclaimed Amy, "That'd be awesome - both of you bent over with your asses exposed while I did you and Amy does Dave."

"Yes!" chipped in Laurie, "and once we get going we could switch just like when we gave them head at breakfast."

"Hey," said Dave, "don't I get any say in this?"

All of us cracked up when Amy and Laurie both said "no" at exactly the same time. 

It took a bit more persuasion, a bit of head from both the ladies and a promise from Amy that she'd at least consider letting him try to put his cock in her ass if he agreed before he finally gave in but I had the feeling he was going to say yes anyway but wanted to see what he could bargain for.

The ladies chatted for a bit and before long both Dave and I were kneeling on a couple of lounge cushions in the back yard, asses exposed and the ladies teasing our assholes with their lubed fingers. At first Amy wasn't too sure what to do so Laurie told her just to mirror what she did and that seemed to work. I was still nicely lubed and knew it was going to feel good so it was fairly easy for Amy to slide her finger all the way into my ass on the first try. I couldn't see but between a 'ohhh' or two from Dave and Laurie telling him to relax, it must have taken a bit more effort but I knew she was successful when I heard her say, "There...how's that feel sliding in and out?"

I could tell he wasn't totally into it (yet) but at least his reply of "not as bad as I expected" sounded happy enough.

Soon I heard Laurie tell Amy to add a second finger and even though it was just fingers, even hers felt slightly different than Laurie's had. Eventually Dave was also introduced to two and then three fingers. By now his slight groans had turned to groans of pleasure and even I was a bit more turned on knowing my wife was fingering his ass at the same time that Amy's fingers were sliding in and out of mine. At first she'd been a bit timid but once she knew I was enjoying it, she increased both the speed and the force until I could both feel and hear the rest of her hand hitting my ass trying to get her fingers in as deep as possible.

Just for the heck of it, I looked back at her and said, "Try four fingers." She looked at me with an 'are you sure' look but when I nodded, she smiled and started easing a forth finger into my ass. It took a bit more lube and a minute or two but soon I had four fingers in my ass for the first time ever.

Not too much after that I heard Laurie whisper to Dave, "Are you ready for the toy instead of fingers?"

"Actually yes...I think I'm going to enjoy it!"

The things you don't think of when you're horny as hell...if Laurie was using her toy on Dave, what was Amy going to use on me? I felt something against my ass but when I turned to look, Amy stopped me and whispered, "Just relax, it's not that much bigger than the other one."

Just the way she said 'not that much' made me a bit nervous but even though we'd only met recently, I trusted her so I put my head back down and tried to relax. I could feel it opening me up and stretching me more than her fingers had but in a different way. When it finally slid past the first muscle ring, I heard myself say 'Oooow that's big" at which point Dave looked back and said, "Wow, he's taking the black one!"

Now I had an idea of what I was in for because we'd had a bit of a conversation the day before about toys and Amy had mentioned she had a black one that she liked to use when she wanted to feel really full - it was a combination of my length and Dave's girth. A few minutes of stroking with it and my ass was feeling a little stretched, a lot filled and fuck it felt good! I was getting close to cumming when Dave said, "Why don't you ladies switch?"

That was fine with everyone so Laurie took over my ass and Amy moved to Dave and this time both ladies reached around and started stroking our cocks as they fucked our asses. I was getting really close and apparently so was Dave because it wasn't long before I heard a 'cumming soon' from him. All of a sudden the ladies stopped and told us to roll onto our backs so they could suck us off at the same time. No way was I going to say no to that so as quickly as possible we both rolled over and the ladies switched again - Amy took my cock into her mouth and I could see Laurie's mouth being stretched by Dave's cock. It wasn't long before both of us exploded with burst after burst of cum. 

When we'd finished, Laurie looked at me and winked as she sat back up. I had a feeling she was going to come over and kiss me with a mouthful of Dave's cum but I was quite surprised (and so was Amy) when instead, she grabbed Amy and started French kissing her. At first I could see the surprise on Amy's face but soon they were kissing, swapping cum back and forth as if we weren't there. Just when I thought they were done, Amy moved back to me and Laurie moved back to Dave and they both started kissing us - sharing a bit of the cum mix that they'd already been sharing. Once every bit of cum was licked clean and swallowed, we all lay back on the bed - me holding Amy and Dave holding Laurie. I wasn't sure if we'd have enough energy to play any more before morning until I heard Amy whisper to her husband, "remember when we watched that porn movie and the lady was getting fisted? Seeing as we're trying things "maybe" I'd be willing to try it sometime.

That caused a sudden twitch in my cock and an even bigger twitch in Dave's cock when Laurie blurted out, "It's ok Amy...it feels great!" and then quickly realized not only did Amy and Dave know she'd been fisted before, it was also a surprise to me because it wasn't something the two of us had ever done!