 The next hour was pretty casual. Several more couples arrive. Introductions are made. Chit chat back and forth. Heavy petty and some fooling around. Vickie and I feel very comfortable. It's amazing how at ease you can feel around other people who are naked and aroused. We are all there to enjoy ourselves. No games. No tension that is usually associated with trying to pick someone up.

Things started to really pick up with the arrival of a white trio. One woman and two men. But apparently, the men like to watch. First thing she does is find one of a few single males that are allowed to wait in another part of the club. These men like to show up and hope they are picked up by an adventurous couple. These males are of all races, all young, all fit and all hung. It doesn't take her long to find a young black cock.

The trio and their newly acquired male pulled their couch into the center of the room. To my surprise it folds down into a small bed. She's not too interested in foreplay; in a matter of seconds she's naked and has her legs pined back. Vickie and I are transfixed. We were about to watch a white milf get her pussy pounded by a big black cock a mere 5 feet away. We stop everything we were doing, we were ready to be voyeurs ourselves.

The black male lines his cock up and slips in with ease. The milf is as wet as Vickie was earlier. In no time he's pounding away. Apparently, she's a huge a squirter and they like to get into it. He pounds her pussy, rapid fire, for 30 seconds and pulls out. As soon as he's out her pussy contracts and sends juice everywhere. This goes on for a good half hour. The only interruption is when the occasional squirt hits one of us voyeurs. The person(s) hit squeal in surprise. Everyone else laughs and the show continues. Just as we start to lose interest, the milf decides to suck some cock and she puts on a show. 

She's an expert too. His whole cock is in her mouth in one thrust. One minute, she's sucking like a vacuum cleaner. The next, licking up and down the whole length like a Popsicle. Her slobber is everywhere. Then she starts to lick his balls and strokes his cock. She takes him to the brink a few times, but never lets him cum. 

While watching the suck show, Vickie decides to stroke my cock. She's leisurely beating me off. Every few minutes she puts her own fingers in her mouth to lick off the pre-cum. Much like the show Vickie brings me to the edge and then backs off. Suddenly, the black male and milf decide to start their fucking-squirt show again. It's fun to watch, but I was ready to eat some more pussy. 

I get on the ground and spread my wife's legs and just like earlier I see a beautiful bald pussy with its juices just flowing everywhere. No Big Red this time. I wanted her to cum straight on my face. I plant my tongue square on her clit and start pressing down. The pressure causes Vickie's clit to pop out on occasion, but I keep the assault going. After a few minutes she's squirming and moaning again. 

Now I go to long up-strokes. I plant my tongue just inside of her open pussy. Press my tongue out wide and lick straight up adding a little extra pressure as I pass over her clit. Again and again. Vickie's hands are now in my hair. She's alternating between pulling my hair and stroking it. I keep licking and licking. I can tell she's getting close ... the pussy juice is starting to really flow. It's dripping off my chin and she hasn't even cum yet. I move mouth down and start to swallow some of her juice. I dart my tongue in and out getting a good taste. Next I move to her asshole. I spend a minute or two licking it clean. 

Suddenly, her legs start to clamp down and the hair stroking is all hair pulling. Then she cums. Cum explodes from her pussy. It's in my mouth, all over my face, even a little in my nose. But what really is turning me on is the smell. There is something primal about it. That musky odor can cause my brain to shut down. No more thinking, just fucking, sucking, or licking. With Vickie's pussy juice literally in my nose, the licking instinct takes over. 

I stick my tongue in as far as it will reach inside her pussy and start licking. I slowly move out and take sections of her pussy lips into my mouth and suck. Once I've licked everything clean I move back to her clit. Vickie is still moaning and squirming. She's showing no signs of slowing down and certain hasn't pushed my head back. So I decide to be the dutiful lover. I'm going to lick that pussy to another orgasm. The long up-stroke worked well last time, so I start there. For the next 30 minutes I eat Vickie to two more orgasms. 

Finally, she pushes my head back and says, "enough."

I pull back and rest on my ass for a minute. I'm out of breath, my face is soaked, my neck hurts, my arms are jelly. But my dick is rock hard and I can't wipe the smile from my face. I look at Vickie, her face is one huge smile as well, but her eyes say, "we need to talk." I hop up on the couch and lean in.

"What's wrong?" I ask.

Vickie responds, "Nothing. Everything is great! I just couldn't wait to tell you we had a huge audience. After I came the first time, everyone stopped what they were doing and came over to watch us." With renewed giddiness in her voice, "I didn't think being watched would be so hot!"

I had no idea. I asked, "How many orgasams did you have? You usually push me away after one or two. I felt like I was eating you forever."

Vickie replies, "At least three! It was amazing. I can't wait to do that again."

Well I was rock hard before and now doubly so. Eating more pussy was going to have to wait. The idea of being watched, even after the fact, was a huge turn on. I grab my cock and tell Vickie its time for her to eat some cum.

Part 3 coming soon ...