 AN INSATIABLE MORNING

It was a Saturday morning and the three roommates were just being to stir. Jack got out of his bed with his morning piss hard-on and headed for Chrissie's room. He loved to fuck the pretty blonde into submission with his morning erection. They didn't get to have morning sex too often but when they did it was wild and mind blowing. He found the gorgeous blonde lying naked in bed on her back. Her long hair was spread across the pillow and she was rubbing her pussy and her breasts. She smiled when she saw Jack with his big cock hard and ready for action.

"I was hoping that you were awake. I want that big cock in me. I want you to fuck me until I can't cum anymore."

"My intentions as well," Jack replied as he got on the bed and nestled between her long shapely legs.

Sometimes he would eat her pussy to get her ready but that was not the case that morning. Chrissie didn't need any foreplay as she was ready for that big dick to fill her womb. He lined up his cock with her vagina and gently entered her. She felt the large spongy mushroom head open her up and slide into her receptive pussy. She emitted a soft moan as the shaft slid along her clit and she knew that it would not take long for her to cum. 

He began fucking her with long steady slow strokes making sure that his cock stayed in constant contact with her clit. His cock was so thick that it rubbed her g-spot simultaneously driving her wild. Jack was the only man that could cause her to have concurrent vaginal and clitoral orgasms with just his cock. As she loosened up he picked up the pace and fucked her into oblivion. Chrissie began calling out and telling him to fuck her and then she screamed as her first intense orgasm rocked her body. Jack however didn't stop as he wanted her to keeping cumming.

In the other room Janet was awake and she heard her roommates. She knew Chrissie was in for it again and the Jack would fuck her until she begged him to let her rest. As she listened to the other two she stroked her cock and rubbed her breasts. She knew the routine and when Jack was done with Chrissie he would be in to see her. She took a butt plug out of her nightstand, lubed it and pushed it in her ass. She wanted to be loosened up before she would take that big dick in her ass.

Jack fucked Chrissie for over an hour before she nearly passed out and pleaded with him to stop. He knew that she couldn't cum anymore, at least not at that time. He made his way to the bathroom to take his morning piss and not too soon as his bladder was full. He relieved himself, washed his cock thoroughly and headed for Janet's room. Janet spotted him as he entered her room and she looked straight at his erect dick. 

"My guess is that you made Chrissie happy."

"I did. She resting for a few minutes and then she'll join us."

Jack got in bed with Janet who got on her knees and took the impressive cock in her mouth. He smiled when he spotted the butt plug in her bottom and he began to toy with it. As Janet sucked on his cock he pulled and pushed the plug in and out of her ass. He loved her ass and he loved playing with it. Soon he was ready and so was she. Janet got on her knees with her head down on the bed turned to one side. He knelt behind her and eased his thick dick into her well prepared bottom.

Janet gasped aloud as she always did when the huge cock filled her passage. Jack moved slowly and caressed her curvy buttocks. He loved her ass and he liked watching his cock glide in and out. In this position Janet's cock and balls were hidden from his view. As he looked at her ass and her tits swaying, he was still impressed how much she looked like a pretty young woman. He thought to himself, "Now tell me is this any different than fucking a female ass?"

Just then Chrissie entered and she got in bed with them. She slithered under Janet and took the erect cock in her mouth. She maneuvered her body so she could suck Janet's cock and fondle Jack's testicles. That was just the stimulation those two did not need as it accelerated their ejaculations. Jack shot a huge load into Janet's ass. Janet in turn fired her creamy treat into Christie's mouth. Janet used her sphincter to milk Jack's cock of his first load as Chrissie sucked Janet's cock dry.

They were not done by any means and they moved into position as if it were a rehearsed routine. On their sides, Janet eased her cock into Chrissie's sweet ass as Jack once again filled Janet's bottom. The three of them fucked until Jack and Janet ejaculated a second time. After a brief rest, still on their sides, Jack took Chrissie's ass not that it had been loosened up some by Janet's dick. As she was butt fucked, Chrissie sucked Janet's cock. After the third ejaculations the three of them were ready for the Jacuzzi tub and their first cup of coffee.

MAKING PLANS

After the Jacuzzi session they sat around dressed just in robes sipping coffee and discussing plans for the rest of the weekend. They all wore shorty robes and Chrissies' and Janet's legs looked gorgeous. Looking at Janet one would never know that there was a cock beneath that robe. 

"You know it's too late for breakfast. What do you say I treat you two to brunch?" Jack offered.

"Sounds good, it's a nice day can we dine by the water?" Chrissie asked.

"I like that idea and it's still early enough to get a good table. Let's get dressed and I'll drive."

The three of them dressed casually and headed for the café that had tables along the bay. It was indeed a gorgeous day and all three of them wore shorts, sandals and tops. Jack wore a tee and Janet and Chrissie wore tank tops and no bras. Jack liked their look as their cute breasts and hard nipples poked at the material. He knew that others sitting outside at the restaurant would be envious of the two knockouts, if they only knew what was in Janet's shorts.

They were seated along the railing overlooking the river and it was perfect. Jack ordered the eggs benedict and a latte. Chrissie and Janet ordered fruit crepes and lattes. The place filled up quickly and as Jack has suspected the three of them got a lot of looks from both men and women. They enjoyed their brunch and ordered a second round of lattes as they were in no hurry.

Two fairly attractive young women were standing waiting for a table. Jack asked Chrissie and Janet if they should invite to sit with them. It was a table for four but another chair could be added. They all agreed so Jack walked over and invited them to join the group. The two women looked hesitantly at one another and then accepted. Jack grabbed a chair and sat at the end of the table facing the bay so that the women could sit across from Chrissie and Janet. 

Introductions were made and the slender strawberry blonde introduced herself as Debbie and the brunette as Naomi. They were not look-alikes but they were built about the same, 5'6" about 130 pounds and looked to have 34-28-34 figures. They were in town for a conference and taking in the sights.

Jack noticed that they seemed intrigued with Janet and Chrissie, so he assumed that they were into girls. Nothing was going to happen that day not after the sex marathon the threesome had just hours ago. The seminar kicked off with a cocktail reception Sunday evening and the women were going to do some sightseeing tomorrow during the day. Naomi asked Chrissie and Janet if they weren't busy would like they like to be their tour guides.

Janet smiled and responded, "Jack and I have plans tomorrow but I'm sure Chrissie wouldn't mind."

Obviously Janet had picked up their female interest but didn't think they were ready for a lady boy. Chrissie smiled and replied, "Sure I can do that, and it'll be fun."

The young women's food came so the others decided to leave. Chrissie told them she would meet them at the hotel in the morning. As they walked toward Jack's car, Chrissie said, "Well they were assertive and made their intentions known."

"We all guessed that but I don't think they would be ready for my surprise," Janet chuckled.

"They seemed disappointed that you wouldn't be joining them."

"Oh you should have Janet; I would love to see the looks on their faces when your dick popped out."

"I don't think that would have flown with them. I'm sure you can handle them Chrissie."

The three of them headed home and stopped to pick up some wine along the way. It was a gorgeous day to sit outside and enjoy a glass of wine. Jack and Janet would recoup some of their energy for another round of sex with Chrissie before they retired that evening. However first things first, enjoy the rest of the day, have a good dinner and then enjoy each other.

CHRISSIES DAY OUT

On Sunday morning Chrissie headed out before Jack and Janet were up and about. She was meeting Naomi and Debbie at the hotel for breakfast and then she would show them around the city. She didn't know exactly when it might happen but she was sure that she would be having sex with them before the day was done. After breakfast they girls rode a cable car down to the Wharf and walked around checking out different shops.

It would be a trip to San Francisco without a trip down Lombard Street. Afterward they had lunch in Chinatown and visited Telegraph Hill. It was nearly 3:00 PM when they returned to the hotel. They could have done more but it was clear that Naomi and Debbie wanted to party with Chrissie. Once they were in the hotel suite Naomi opened a bottle of wine they had picked up while shopping. She poured a glass for all of them and they toasted each other.

The three of them sat on the sofa with Chrissie in the middle. Chrissie went with the flow and did not protest the closeness of the other two women. They sipped the wine and chatted. Chrissie noticed that both women's legs were now touching hers but still she didn't protest or move away. Naomi took Chrissie's wine glass and set it down on the nearby table.

The next thing Chrissie felt were Naomi and Debbie kissing her on the side of her face. They ran their lips up and down the side of her face and tongued her ears emitting a groan from her. She felt their hands move under her shirt and cup her bare breasts and tweak her erect nipples. She felt herself losing it once again and gave in to her insatiable desires. Debbie kissed her full on the lips and shoved her tongue into her mouth searching for her tongue. Chrissie opened her mouth willingly and their tongues danced with each other as Naomi moved her mouth down to Chrissie's breasts.

Naomi then kissed Chrissie and Debbie sucked on Chrissie's tits and nipples. Chrissie was moaning and groaning and her hips began to undulate of their own free will. Naomi lifted the shirt over her head baring her upper body and then returned to sucking on one of Chrissie's tits as Debbie sucked on the other. Chrissie's body was gyrating of its own accord.

"Doesn't she have just the greatest tits and nubs," said Debbie referring to the now eraser hard nipples, "You want us to love you don't you? I can see by the way your body moves that you want more. Do you?"

Excited beyond her control Chrissie just nodded her head. Naomi kissed her again plunging her tongue into her mouth as Debbie unfastened Chrissie's shorts and tugged them down over her hips. Next she pulled the panties down and off her legs and the legs opened automatically in anticipation of the next move.

"Would you like to go first," Debbie asked Naomi.

"I would love to," Naomi said excitedly. 

Debbie and Naomi quickly removed their clothes so that the three of them were totally naked. Chrissie was overcome with Naomi's beautiful firm body seeing her naked for the first time. She then moved between Chrissie's legs and stroked and lightly probed her vulva. Chrissie was struggling to contain her desire, and when she felt Naomi tease her secret entrance she couldn't stand it any longer. She pulled Naomi to her and tried to get the brunette to lick her sopping wet pussy. But Naomi was not concerned about any urgency and continued at her own pace. 

Chrissie pushed herself onto Naomi's face and she knew that this was what she wanted. She needed this beautiful woman to lick at her sex, to explore her, tongue her hidden crevices and taste her juices. The movements were unsure at first, knowing only that she wanted to taste Chrissie's womanhood. Debbie moved to Chrissie's side and stroked her breasts as she watched her girlfriend between the pretty blonde's legs.

Naomi had an overwhelming desire to touch and feel Chrissie and she brought her hands up to caress the curvy buttocks. She kneaded gently at the smooth flesh, spreading the cheeks until she could see the deep shadowed cleft between them, and her puckered amber ring that nestled there. Naomi pleased Chrissie when she reached for it with her tongue, licking, and running the tip of her tongue around it, feeling the tight sphincter muscle react to her probing tongue.

Chrissie loved to be rimmed and she whispered encouragement, "Oh yes, oh Naomi please don't stop."

Chrissie felt her tight ring dilate from the pressure of the tongue. It felt so good. Naomi then pushed a finger into the sopping wet pussy and Chrissie felt it delve deeply into her warmth causing her vaginal muscles to contract involuntarily. 

"Put another finger in me," Chrissie begged and Naomi knew exactly what to do. 

She moistened her finger with Chrissie's cunt juices and she pushed it into her tight rosebud, slowly easing her way in. Naomi's tongue continued to lick and tease Chrissie's sex now slipping over her moistened lips and stopping at her tight pleasure nub. Chrissie pushed herself against the brunette, grinding her hips so as to force the finger further and deeper into her anal channel. She could no longer concentrate on anything apart from the feel of Naomi's hands caressing her ass as the finger penetrated her private entrance while a mouth nibbled frantically on her clit. Chrissie knew she was about to cum and she knew that would as good as ever. That special feeling rose over her and she buried her face in Debbie's body, their breasts pressed together as she tried to hide her cries of ecstasy. Chrissie felt her juices flow, her pussy swell and she squirted streams of cum into Naomi's mouth. At first Naomi was startled when the first squirt shot into her mouth but then she licked and swallowed, drinking the streams of cum with her own sounds of pleasure. 

For a moment they stayed glued to one another, too weak to move. Then very slowly, Naomi eased her finger from the rectum and laid her head on Chrissie's thighs with her arms entwined around the shapely legs. This was only the start of their explorations and now Chrissie would take her.

"You are very accomplished Naomi."

"Yes, I have a very good lover."

"I'm sure you do," Chrissie agreed as she looked at Debbie.

"Chrissie your pussy gets so swollen when you are excited and when you cum it squirts out like you are peeing."

"Yes that happens sometimes when I am very excited. Now let's see if I can get you as excited."

Naomi and Chrissie switched places so that she was now seated on the sofa and Chrissie was between her legs. Chrissie gently pushed Naomi's legs wider apart and she watched as the outer lips of her sex spread and the pink inner surfaces were revealed to her. They were already glistening with juices and Chrissie knew at that instant how Debbie must have felt when she and Naomi made love. She couldn't wait to taste Naomi. The opening of her vagina was a dark and mysterious shadow and it felt like velvet. 

Chrissie slowly reached forward and spread Naomi's labia wider allowing her fingers to play up and down the moist slit. She felt Naomi quiver as little goose bumps from her shivers of sensation appeared on her thighs. Stretching her wider Chrissie could see a firm nub of erect pink flesh standing proudly like a tiny cock at the top of the sex. Chrissie knew that this was her seat of pleasure and the cause of all of her urges. She let her fingers tickle Naomi's clit lightly, teasingly causing her to gasp as her thighs jerked in sudden tremor. 

Chrissie lowered head and took the nub of tissue in her mouth, rolling it lightly between her lips and scraping it gently with her teeth. She tongued and licked gently up and down the length of the tasty slit and had to hold the thighs apart as Naomi began to buck beneath her. Naomi was reaching her climax as she moaned, almost growling with meaningless sounds of ecstasy arising from her. Chrissie slowed her assault as she wanted to extend her pleasure as long as she could. She fingered the vulva again, running her fingertips up and down and scratching lightly at the labia. 

With a fingertip she probed the entrance to Naomi's vagina. The cry of pleasure at being penetrated encouraged Chrissie to thrust her finger in her deeper and faster. She could feel the muscular walls of the tight pussy grip at her fingers as she caressed the folds and crevices inside. Chrissie slid her middle finger in alongside the first finger and allowed her thumb to rest lightly on the firm clit. Debbie lay alongside Naomi and stroked her firm pert breasts and tweaked her rock hard nipples as Chrissie worked the overheated pussy.

The pussy seemed to suck at the fingers drawing them in deeper and faster. Both of them were panting so Chrissie began to rub the clit frantically. She knew that Naomi was about to cum as she watched Naomi arch her back and felt the vaginal muscles contract down around her fingers. She pulled her fingers from Naomi's cunt and covered it with her mouth once again sucking hard on the clit. Debbie covered Naomi's mouth with her own and smothered her cries of ecstasy as she writhed on the sofa with her head moving from side to side as the waves of sensation rolled over her. 

Debbie left the sofa allowing Naomi a few moments to recover and allowing Chrissie to suck up all the delightful juices. Chrissie felt her own loins stir again in the passion of the moment. Debbie returned to Chrissie's side wearing her strap-on cock and with a sexy sultry smile spoke to me.

"Chrissie I think it time to go to inside," Debbie said as she turned and walked toward the bedroom. 

Chrissie got up off her knees from between Naomi's legs and followed Debbie into the bedroom. Her eyes were fixed on the curvy ass as she walked behind her. Debbie lay on her back on her bed with her fake cock sticking straight up in the air. The sight was overwhelmingly erotic. She was fixated on the dildo now and she moved her legs astride Debbie's lap. Chrissie straddled her and stared deeply into Debbie's eyes as she lowered herself onto the rubber cock. Waves of pleasure washed through her again as she slowly fucked the thick rubber strap-on. She ground down onto the cock, enjoying every little rib and notch on it, letting it stretch her pussy satisfyingly. She moaned loudly enough for Naomi to hear her in the other room as she reveled in the sensations of the fake cock in her cunt. The two pretty blondes hungrily kissed each other again.

Suddenly the focus of Chrissie's attention switched, as she become aware of Naomi behind her. She turned her head to the side and started kissing the brunette's mouth wantonly. Naomi licked and nibbled Chrissie's lips before once again forcing her tongue deep into her mouth. The tongue was thick and long as it frantically invaded the blonde's mouth. It felt as if Naomi was fucking her with it and Chrissie sucked on it much like she would a man's cock. Their tongues interlocked as Naomi swirled her tongue around in the succulent mouth. She pressed her body against Chrissie who felt the firm breasts pressed into her back. Naomi reached around and started to fondle the blonde's tits. She rolled Chrissie's swollen nipples gently between her delicate fingers. As Naomi fondled the breasts, Chrissie returned her attention to Debbie and kissed her hungrily as she thrust down on the thick strap-on, their tongues explored each other's mouths again.
