 My first post, and first real erotic story. Feedback appreciated.

------------------------------------------

As I look down the two girls are kissing - their tongues darting out of their mouths and between each others lips. Their hands are still roaming over each others bodies, still exploring each others curves, although they have been like this for the last 15 minutes. Pipa puts her hand behind Julia's neck and pulls her in for a kiss, as the fingers of their other hand lock together as they stroke me.

The kiss is broken only long enough for Pipa to look up "Cum on us. Cum on our faces". Before Julia can say whether this is something she likes, Pipa has pulled her back for another deep kiss, and started stroking quicker. As the pressure begins in build in my balls I wonder how I got to be so lucky.

----------

PIPA

Pipa and I have been married for 10 years. We met through some friends at a nightclub, and made a date to hook up the next weekend. Our first night together involved 12 hours of foreplay, much of it with me going down on her. On our next date she experienced her first cum shot, as I sprayed over on her tits and face. She was surprised - both at the cum landing on her, and the pleasure she got from it. From that moment she was hooked. My own little cum slut. Given how quickly shy took to being covered in cum it I still have a hard time believing she'd never hard a facial before that, or swallowed another guys load. But she tells me it was a great first for her, so I believe her. And who's going to argue with someone who can take your whole dick down their throat and get off in the process? Even if she wasn't before, she's a cum slut now.

After 15 years together she is hotter now than when we met. 5'8", shoulder length auburn, and full C-cup breasts, not too slender, or pump, she has a great ass and is very comfortable in her body. She has slowly become more adventurous, opening up to anal, so to speak, a few years ago - the source of her loudest and strongest orgasms - and embracing her exhibitionist side. We recently went to a work function with her looking demure in a summer dress, but underneath was only a leather under-bust corset, a g-string and torn fishnets. We stopped on the way home and fucked on the beach, with her favourite ending: Cum shooting on her face as she came. I think I'm a pretty lucky guy.

Coming from a group of friends where almost all the girls were bi, a threesome was always on the list of something to do, but as we started grad-school, and then the relationship moved long distance for 6 months, spending time together was always enough. During sex a threesome was always a playful thing to mention - just how sexy she would look sucking on a friends breasts, or with a girl between her legs. She always got turned on by this, but unfortunately nothing ever came of it. When you have a sexy woman who gets off deep throating and drinks your cum, it's hard to complain. Still, like more regular access to her tight ass, it's a dream that never dies.

Over the years it's nearly happened several times - most notably with a friend who wanted her first bi experience with us both. After several hours of heavy petting, with them both kissing and fondling each other, as I played with their nipples feeling them become harder than steel, Pipa decided she didn't want to go there. Not that she wasn't the horniest I'd ever seen her - It was the middle of the night and we ended up fucking on the bonnet of my car on a main road as cars drove by. One guy even parked his car to watch and jerk off, watching her tits as they shook with each thrust. Our street tryst ended as I shot one of the biggest loads of my life into her mouth - cum covering her tongue and lips, dripping out the corner of her mouth down her chin, before she swallowed it all. Sometimes I think I should carry around a video camera, and I wonder if that guy still jerks off thinking about it. I know I do.

Over the next couple of years the opportunity kept on arising, and rarely a party would go by without Pipa making out with one of our friends, their hands on each others tits. But that's as far as it went. Until last week.

----

JULIA

I've worked with Julia on and off for the past couple of years. The first thing everyone notices about her is her amazing smile - naturally happy and friendly. And as they inevitably smile back, they noticed her tits. Large, and firm, just as you would expect from someone who spends a life time keeping themselves in tip top condition, with her blond hair falling down over her shoulders. Her amazing tits are clearly real, but it's easy to imagine someone walking into a surgeon saying "give me tits like hers". We've all become good friends over the past couple of years, and nursed her through some great and not so great relationships, and family problems.

After one of these failed relationships we started talking about non-vanilla relationships - Bi, BSDM, poly. Last year after another break up Julia invited Pipa and I to go to a club one Saturday. I didn't think much of it at the time, and with Pipa away for business we didn't end up going. Only later did I find out it was a swingers club. The door was open.

Over the next couple of months we started seeing Julia more often. Each time I would notice she would wear and tighter and tighter dress, revealing all that was on offer. Her perky tits left nothing to the imagination, other than what you would do with them, and her firm ass wrapped in every smaller underwear - the lines on a g-string or lace shorts clear to anyone who was trying to work out what she was wearing.

To be honest, it was hard to see her next to Pipa without thinking of them both just turning around devouring each other. I know it was unlikely, but hey. They are two very sexy women, and I'm a guy with a dirty mind. And after 15 years, the the idea of my wife with another girl is still one of the greatest turn ons.

----------

TONIGHT

Tonight we had a fairly normal dinner party - a couple of friends, a good meal and quite a few bottles of wine. Julia was the first person to arrive, and as Pipa let her in I noticed that the hug was a little longer than normal. I didn't think much of it, putting it down to a tough day, and went back to cooking dinner. The girls started with a glass of champagne, chatting with me in the kitchen. Julia was standing beside Pipa with her arm around her waste looking very comfortable. Clearly my mind was on dinner as I didn't really register until they separated to let the next guests in.

For the rest of the night they were always next to each other, more often than not with their arms around each other, looking like a normal couple. I don't think our other friends seemed to notice, and the night went quickly and we moved from the champagne into several bottles of nice wine. As we left the table and moved into the living room they had started whispering to each other like school girls.

Having finished in the kitchen I threw myself down on the couch next to Julia, and as we chatted about the random things friends talk about - I think how rubbish Facebook was becoming - I registered Julia's hand resting on my leg. I looked across at her and both Pipa and Julia just smiled and kept going with the conversation. After a while the conversation started to wind down and our other friends decided to head off. As I escorted them to the door I heard the girls starting to move the dishes into the kitchen. With the other guests gone I ran upstairs quickly to turn on the air conditioner in our bedroom, but as I came down stairs I couldn't hear anyone - just some music coming from the iPod.

As soon as I got back to the kitchen I knew why. The girls were standing, their arms wrapped around each other, gently kissing each other - lips, neck, ears. Almost like two teenagers exploring each other for the first time. For the first time I was speechless, but conscious I didn't want to interrupt so I just leaned on the counter, drank my wine and watched two of the most desirable women I know.

After a couple of minutes Julia's hands started to explore her new play friend more - gently massaging Pipas ass. Rubbing her breasts, I think gently pinching her nipples - something Pipa normally doesn't like, but here resulting in a deep moan. Pipa in return started kissing down Julias neck, and down the top of her silk dress to nibble Julias breasts through the material. This was clearly not enough for Julia who reached down and lifted her top up, so that Pipa could have direct access to her fantastic tits. With Pipa berried in her tits Julia looked over at me with that beaming smile. Our gaze was locked on each other, until Pipa bit down on her nipples and Julia closed her eyes, moaning with pleasure.

The trance broken. I walked over and kissed Julia for the first time. There was nothing gentle about the kiss - just pure lust, although I have no idea who Julia thought she was kissing - me, Pipa, some fantasy figure - and frankly I didn't care. As Pipa stood up, she gave me a confused look - not knowing what she had started. I smiled and leaned across to kiss her, but it was Julia who set of the tone clearly as she lifted up Pipas T-shirt, pulled her bra down and started licked her nipples around and around, breaking only to pull off her own top.

Pipa broke our kiss to take off her own T-shirt and undo her bra freeing her large suck-able fuckable breasts. Almost together we said "I love you", as our fingers met, woven through Julias hair, holding her to Pipas chest. I lower my head down to her breasts - Julia and I flicking our tongues across her nipples together. My hands start to reach out across Julia, charged with electricity as I begin to caress her amazing ass for the first time.

Julia broke the moment - "Upstairs?" Without another word she started walking down the hall, leaving her top and bra on the floor as she went. Pipa followed, starting to slide her skirt off leaving me to follow her ass in a tiny g-string upstairs. I chuckled when I realise it is one she got at a store as a joke, saying "Eat me". yup - that'll be happening.

As I walked into our bedroom Julia had stripped off her jeans, and was standing in the middle wearing only a tiny black g-string with a huge grin on her face. As Pipa walked to her they begin to kiss, and Julia slipped her hand down Pipas panties and started stroking her clit. Pipa moaned, and Julia surprises us all by dropping to her knees and quickly peels of Pipas underwear, replacing her fingers with her tongue and begins licking Pipas clit . I start to take of my own jeans, discovering just how hard I am as my dick jumps free. As I walk over to the girls Pipa also drops to her knees and swallows by hard dick, taking it right down her throat. I felt Julias hand on my ass pushing me into Pipas mouth, watching to make sure that she takes it's entire length.

Pipa pulled out my dick and turns back to kissing Julia, and slid one hand down under her tiny g-string and began to play with her friends clit.

As they kissed I reach down and wove my hand through their hair, holding the two beauties together, enjoying the site of their breasts pushing together. Their hands came together as they enjoy each other, and I felt their hands close around my rock hard dick.

Their kiss was broken only long enough for Pipa to look up "Cum on us. Cum on our faces". Before Julia can say whether this is something she likes, Pipa has pulled her back for another deep kiss, and started stroking quicker. Harder and harder they stoke, as I feel the pressure building. Their kissing is becoming more and more ferocious and lust filled as I start to cum, shooting hot white come on their faces, cheeks, lips, tongue, noses. No sooner have I stopped spurting and Pipa has shoved my dick back in her mouth, and Julia has started licking cum off Pipas face as if it was the elixir of youth.

"Christ I love the taste cum" she growls, as she pulls Pipa off my dick so she can get to the other cheek and it's cum. Pipa loves cum on her face, or down her throat where she can feel it shoot down her throat, but without tasting it. Here was the exact opposite - another Cum Slut who wants nothing more than to saver the taste.

As I look down Julia looks up at me, opening her mouth to show me the cum. With one of her amazing radiant smiles she swallows it all, shuddering with pleasure "You HAVE to do that again". "I will", I promise.

With my dick sagging a little the girls climb on the bed to continue their fondling, Julia taking of her remaining underwear. She took Pipa by surprise by not coming back up to start kissing, but instead buried her face between Pipa's legs and starts licking like a woman possessed. Looking down at my friends completely shaved pussy, it takes me no time to decide I should be doing the same, and start licking her too.

Listening too them both moan, I start to get harder again. She tastes different to Pipa - sweater, like a teenager. I begin to alternate between licking her clit, flicking my tongue up her slit and thrusting it into her pussy. From the sounds of it she is doing the same to Pipa. Double beds aren't made for this sort of conga line, and Julia starts to move her self to get more room. As she does so her ass passes in front of my face, and so Immediately start attacking it - licking around her ass hole, penetrating with the tip of my tongue, and licking back to her clit. This always turns Pipa on - usually with a mixed moan of "No, don't. Stop that.. Ahhhh... Fuck me. Fuck my ass". Julia starts grinding her ass back into my face.

As I heard Pipa moan I thought it was time to really get the benefit of there being three of us, and slid up the bed and started licking her luscious ass. With one tongue in her ass, and another in her clit she was bucking back and forward and screaming wildly. "Oh fuck me. Fuck me now. I need a dick". With no further prompting I slid my dick into Pipa from behind, as she lay on her side and Julia kept lapping between her legs. I was pumping in and out as Pipa started to have an amazingly loud orgasm - on and on and on, riding wave after wave. She tried to get us to stop, but with me behind, and Julia in front, she had no where to go and we kept triggering a longer string of orgasms. Julia must have finally had some sympathy for Pipa, and moved to begin licking my balls instead. It was one of the most incredible feelings, fucking my wife and having a friend lick around my balls. Pipa jumped off me, swung around, and devoured my dick again.

I lay there for several minutes with the girls taking turns sucking my balls and dick. Pipa could take me all the way down her throat, her nose berried against my pelvic bone. Julia could only get 2/3s of my dick in her mouth, but sucked harder than almost anyone I've had the pleasure to face fuck. To no one in particular I said "Sit on my face". Julia took the invitation first and straddled my face, her ass grinding into my nose as my tongue flicked across her pussy. Pipa took the opportunity to straddle me, sliding her dick back into her pussy, sitting face to face with Julia. It didn't take long until they were leaning into kiss each other again.

Julia didn't seem to want to lean forward, for fear of my tongue not reaching her, but Pipa as usual wanted a long deep kiss. As she move forward my dick slipped out of her pussy. Moving to push it back into her I felt her hand guiding back into her. It wasn't until I was sliding into her that I realised she'd guided me back into her tight, wet, ass. Through the kissing I could hear her groaning with the occasional moan "Fuck me. Fuck my ass. Fuck it harder. In my ass".

How can you turn down a request like that? Still on my back I began to buck harder, my dick thrusting into her ass - further and further - as she played with Julia's perfect tits. With Pipa pinching her nipples, and my tongue against her clit, Julia began to shake as her orgasm built. Sensing the moment Pipa pulled herself off my dick, and moved up to sit on my chest so she could have one had rubbing Julia's clit above my tongue, whilst still fondling her tits and kissing her. I started licking between her pussy and ass and that set her off on a long powerful orgasm. Neither Pipa or I stopped until she almost collapsed into Pipas arms. It took a second before she looked down at my dick, and said "I have to drink some cum" and without delay began devouring my dick. She either didn't know or care that it had been deep in Pipas ass, and started trying to get me off.

Pipa looked down and kissed me deeply before straddling my face. I've always got turned on in a 69, but this was so much better. Eating one girl, whilst having my dick properly sucked. Not the half sucking as Pipa tried to reach it (I'm half a foot taller than her). But a full, amazing, hard blow job. It didn't take long before Pipa started to cum, and that set me off.

As my first string of cum shot up into Julias mouth she clamped her mouth around the tip of my dick and began to suck every drop out, whilst massaging my balls. Only when she was sure there was nothing left did she climb back up to start kissing Pipa - mouth still full of cum. As it ran out of Pipas mouth Julia licked up every last drop.

The three of us all lay down hugging, and panting, hands still gently stroking each other - arms and legs all about and eventually fell asleep.

The next morning, as the girls showered and I faintly heard their moans from down stairs, it occurred to me I'd still not fucked Julia. Well.. Maybe next time, but to be honest I didn't care much. It had been a perfect night.