 We are in Florida, and have been on the beach all day. Your body is bronzed and beautiful. We are out after dinner, dancing and drinking, enjoying our romantic relationship. You have on a low cut, backless dress, with your black heels. Underneath you have on red lace thongs and no bra. You look stunning. I have on my silk tan pants, my black Tommy Bahama shirt, and black loafers, no socks. I have my silky blue boxers on.

We have been kissing and holding each other all night. While dancing, I have been grabbing your ass and you don't mind. We are out of town. You have felt my stiff penis through my pants when we slow dance. You feel your wetness. 

Someone else has been watching us. At the bar, she's 40 something, long dark hair, and a lean, slinky build. She's pretty, but not beautiful. Her top is light colored, very sheer, sleeveless, and hangs loose around her armpits so you can just see the curve of her breasts. Sexy but not distasteful. Her skirt is short but not mini, and shows of her long, tanned legs. She has red heels on. She looks very enticing. I notice her, and tell you that while I go to the bathroom, you should go talk to her. I can tell you are quite OK with that.

When I return, I find you both deep in conversation, tipping glasses to toast something, and very close to each other. When I approach, you turn, take my hand and lead me to hers, introducing me to her. You tell me that she is recently divorced and you have been sharing war stories. You say the conversation got around to sex, and that she has not had a lover since her divorce over a year ago. I look at her and her eyes are on you and she is smiling. I say, "well, what are we going to do about that?" You look at her, take her hand, and say, "let's fix that tonight." She just smiles, and I pay the tab, and we are off to the elevator.

Once inside, you turn to her and ask her to kiss me, which she does without hesitation. Then I ask her to kiss you, and she moves close to you, takes your face in her hands, and gently puts her mouth on yours. Your pussy begins to quiver. Your hands move around to her ass and you slowly caress her and pull her closer. I hear her breathing get louder.

The door opens and you both put your arms around me and we move to our room. I unlock the door, and we enter and I pour us all a glass of Champagne. As I turn, I see her moving behind you, pulling you tight against her, and she begins to kiss your neck. Her hands move around to your waist, then up across your tits. Her tongue finds your ear as her hands cup your breasts. You push your ass into her, and she slowly pulls your dress off your shoulders and it drops to the floor. Her hands are now running down your back and she slowly and softly grabs your ass. You instinctively start to bend over. As her hands move between your legs. You bend over, placing your arms on the bed. She cups your pussy, gently rubbing the outside of your thong. You are soaking wet. You turn to undress her, but she stops you, and lays you back on the bed. She turns to me and says, "You do it."

I turn her around so she faces you, and I lift up her top. She has nice, round tits, not too big but full. She has a pushup white lace bra, which I unfasten and let fall to the floor. I run my hands over her breasts from behind, and she leans her head back on my chest and closes her eyes. Then I unbutton her skirt and it too falls to the floor, revealing no panties and a perfect clean shaven pussy. Even in the soft light you can see she is wet. I move my hand down to her spot, and lightly touch her clit. She moans lightly. I turn her around and kiss her deeply, letting my tongue move around her mouth. Then she steps back, turns to you and says, "I want you to watch this."

She unbuttons my shirt and throws it aside. Then she gets down on her knees , still in her high heels, and unzips my pants. Her hands reach inside and pull out my hard cock. She turns to you, looks at your eyes, and starts to lick my cock, top to bottom. She runs her tongue around my head, and grips me firmly. Then you watch as the entire length of my cock disappears down her throat. She holds it there for a minute, then slowly brings it out. She says "more of that later", and pushes me down on the chair. She moves back toward you. Your pussy is red hot.

She climbs on the bed and removes your panties. Then she lies between your legs, and rubs her tits against your stomach. Her mouth moves to yours and you taste my cock on her lips. She slowly moves down your neck to your tits, and gently but firmly licks each one, taking each nipple in her mouth. Her leg has moved up and against your pussy and she is pushing it into you. You raise your ass so your wet spot rubs against her firm leg. Without thinking, you place your hand on her head, and guide her down. She licks your stomach, then moves down and places her mouth directly on your pussy. You arch your head back and feel the warmth of her mouth on you. Then, you feel her tongue start to slowly move up from the bottom of your opening to your clit. Your mind goes blank. All you feel is ecstasy. She moves her tongue up and down, and each time it hits your clit, you catch your breath. Her hands move down and caress your ass, and she lifts you up slightly, and sucks your pussy into her mouth. Her tongue continues to work your clit and it feels so hot and wet. You run your hands through her hair, and then bring them up above your head. You completely give yourself to her. And then you release. Your cum flows and you reach down and grab her head and pull her closer. Her mouth sucks your juice and she squeezes your ass. You let out a loud moan, and you feel your juice flow down the insides of your thighs. 

She rises up and puts her hand on your wet crotch and lets her finger enter you slightly, which makes you twitch. She takes it out and puts it in your mouth. The she gets up and turns to me, and looks back at you and says, "now its his turn." She comes over and pulls my pants off, and pushes me back against the chair. Then she mounts me, and you watch her reach between her legs and slowly guide my cock into her dripping pussy. She rides me up and down and my hands reach for her ass. You can see me enter and come out of her, and you see her bring my mouth to her tits. I gently suck her nipples as she rides me. We go faster, and I grab her ass and insert one finger into her ass. This makes her shake, and she pushes back against me so I go deeper. Then she grinds down hard on me as she lets out a deep groan, and her cum slides down my legs. She raises up slightly so I can move in and out and you know that I am about to unload in her. Just as I start to, she climbs off and places her mouth on my cock, and she swallows my entire load.

As I collapse into the chair, she gets up, my cum glistening on her lips and face, and she comes back to you. She lies on the bed on her back, and pulls you on top of her. She kisses you deeply and you lick my cum off her face. Then you place your hands on her tits and rub them, twisting her nipples between your fingers. You can feel how wet she is on your leg. You move your mouth down her body, and you place your tongue directly on her clit, and you slowly flick it. You can taste me on her pussy, which really excites you. She holds your head in her hands and gently grinds against your face, moving her hips up and down. Her moaning is loud now, and she is clearly ready to cum again in your mouth. Just then, you feel me behind you. I grab your ass, spread your cheeks and run my tongue around your ass hole. I place two fingers inside your soaking pussy and bring them in and out. This makes you crazy, and just as she explodes in your mouth, you cum all over my hand. You are both shaking as you release an amazing climax. 

We all fall together on the bed, holding each other. We fall asleep, and when we wake up, she is gone. There's a note saying "Thanks for an unbelievable night. I'll be in the bar again tomorrow night if you are available."