 We met our new male friend on an adult swinging site. His name is Steve and his profile stated that he is almost the same age as we are and like us interested in meeting men, woman and couples. His physical attributes say that he is a six foot two big man with sandy blonde hair and blue eyes. He has an open mind and is not looking for any specific type of woman, but more one with an attitude that is passionate, open minded and wanting to enjoy life to the fullest. 

He evidently read our profile because he soon emailed us. He informed us that we had similar interests and he wanted to meet us to see if we were compatible for some wild fuck sessions. I finally called him one Friday afternoon and we finalized plans for him to come to our house around 2 pm.

When he knocked on our door, Greg my boyfriend greeted him with open arms and a friendly smile. Then he escorted Steve into the living room and introduced him to me. My name is Kandie and I am the author of this erotic tale.

Let me start from the beginning; We are a couple located in McEwen, TN. He is 57 and I am 54. We are interested in meeting men, woman and couples for adult fun. We are happy with our love and sex life and only look to enhance our relationship. We are looking for people we can go out with on outings during the day with sexy interludes in the evening. 

If you look at our profile you will see by our pictures we are not the Barbie and Ken type. If you are looking for that we suggest you look elsewhere. 

My boyfriend's to me he is a lovable fuckable teddy bear who I love dearly. Do not let his big size scare you as he enjoys life to the fullest including a hot sex life. And believe me he knows how to push this gals buttons and send me into orbit a few times. 

I am a hot-sexy full figured woman with shoulder length copper-red hair, seductive green-eyes and the lips the color of roses. I love to fuck and will try anything once as long as it does not involve pain. I consider myself bi-curious and interested in experiencing woman as well as men. I will not however have any encounters without my boyfriend present.

We decided that we would like to swing and enhance our already hot sex life. We are new at this, and go into each encounter with an open mind with the only goal is to have fun.

The first encounter was hot, but the couple we met decided we did not click. Which is okay not everyone you meet on a swinging site will be the best encounter you will have.

Early this week we received a letter from a guy who has been wanting to meet us. It took awhile because somehow I lost his phone number and then could not remember his ID. In the back of my mind I was wondering if that was a sign of ole age. Okay, watch it guys be gentle I am only fifty-four.

As we sat in our living room chatting, our new friend stated he did not have any sexy pictures of himself to post on his profile. He then asked if we had a digital camera and if we did could we take some pictures from the neck down. Greg spoke up and informed Steve that we had a digital camera and would be happy to take some pictures for him.

I sat there blushing and hoped my sexual attraction to this hunk did not make my better half jealous. But if you knew Greg, you would know he is not the jealous type. He looked over at me and winked, which in our code says, "Time to the balls rolling."

Steve stood and began to disrobe. The more he took off the more my heat between my legs began to rise. I really liked what I was seeing and could not wait to have him fucking my hot cunt as Greg shoved his fat dick into my wanting mouth. 

He soon laid naked on our daybed playing with his cock and posing for some hot pictures. He laughed and told us it may be awhile for his cock to respond as he masturbated that morning. 

Well, I decided that he needed his heat turned up a bit more. So I left the room and soon came back in without my blouse or bra on. I sat close to him and when he saw my 42D's he almost passed out. His cock was beginning to swell in his fingers. When I said, "Monkey see monkey do and got naked too," his eyes lit up.

Steve then said, "Oh my God you are one hot sexy babe!" He then reached over and started fondling my tits. I took his hand off his cock and replaced it with mine and stroked him slowly and firmly.

Greg was watching us and telling us how hot we looked as he took pictures. I noticed his cock was getting harder with each picture he took.

I looked up and said, "Why don't we all go into our bedroom where it is more comfortable.?"

Greg, Steve and I went into our bedroom. I sat on the bed caressing Steve's cock while Greg stripped. Greg got on the bed and I positioned myself between his legs on my knees and began to engulf his large cock. My ass was pointed toward Steve and he did not need any encouragement to fuck my wanting cunt. 

Greg exclaimed, "Oh man, that is what she needed your hot cock ramming her pussy as she sucks my cock! Oh fuck, I have never been so fucking hard before!" 

My whole body was shaking in anticipation and I loved getting fucked in both ends at the same time. My hard nipples were brushing the soft blanket on the bed and it made my clit throb harder. I knew with them fucking me I would soon cum and cum hard. I moaned and sucked Greg hard and felt Steve ram his cock as far into my hot box as it could go. 

Steve stopped fucking me for a moment to watch me suck Greg's cock. Oh fuck, I love to have someone watch me suck cock an to me its no fun it you do not swallow their sweet nectar. He then resumed fucking my cunt.

Greg then told him that I love to have my ass finger-fucked or fucked with a vibrator when a cock was buried in my cunt. He handed Steve the vibrator and lube and when he slowly shoved it in my ass I thought I would pass out. He then began fucking both holes in unison and I continued to suck Greg's cock.

I stopped sucking Greg long enough to yell, "OOoooh fuck yes I love it fuck me deep fuck me hard arrrrghhhhhh I am cumming!"

Steven withdrew his cock and sat on the bed watching me suck Greg's cock for a moment. 

He stated that he loved to watch a woman suck off a guy and admitted he always wanted to try sucking a man's cock to see what it was like. I damn near came again when Greg let him, as I have always been turned on by bi guys. Well, it did not turn Greg on, but he said he was willing to let him try so Steve could see what It was like. Turns out it did nothing for either of them. 

Steve asked if he could fuck me some more as I continued to suck Greg. I nodded my head yes as my mouth was filled with Greg's cock. Steve moaned and verbalizes how hot my cunt was and that it was apparent that I loved to fuck. He them yelled, "OOoooh yesssssssssfuck, I am going to cum baby! Oh god here I cum." and he covered my ass with his cum.

Then I handed Steve a towel and he cleaned me off and asked me to lay down on my back. I looked at Greg and he said, "Go ahead do it as you know baby it takes awhile for me to come. I am here to pleasure you and its time my baby came again."

Steve spread my pussy lips and ate me like a pro as Greg sucked and nibbled my nipples. Oh I was in heaven, I knew I loved this activity and would do more like this in the future. 

Steve shoved his fingers into my hole and located my swollen g-spot. And as Greg bit my nipple, Steve sucked my clit while massaging the spot and I screamed and gushed juices all over his fingers, face and bed. 

Steve said he wanted to fuck me again this time while on my back with my legs up by my head. And since I had not discomfort that day I replied, "Oh hell yes fuck me!" 

He drove his cock deep into my cunt for a few moments then. He then asked if I was comfortable doing it to get on my knees and continue sucking Greg as he fucked my cunt. 

He fucked me deep and hard and then decided to give me a rest and watch me while I made Greg climax.

He helped me lay down so my legs would not hurt and instructed me to continue sucking Greg off as he masturbated. Greg then told me he might not cum, sometimes he cannot. 

I stopped sucking him long enough to utter, "Want to bet I know you will cum!" I kept on sucking him as Steve told him how hot we both were. Steve kept edging me on saying, "Make him cum Kandie, I want to see him cum on your face!" 

I loved watching Steve stroke his cock as he ogled me sucking Greg's cock. It was not long before Greg yelled and covered my lips and open mouth with his cum.  

Then I kissed Greg hard then leaned over and took Steve's cock into my mouth. Steve pushed the back of my head down on his cock in rhythm with my sucking. It was not long until I was swallowing his sweet nectar.

We all lay exhausted on the bed for a moment. Steve spoke up and said that he hoped he did not overstep his boundaries as it had been ages since he fuck a pussy or had his cock sucked. 

I leaned over and kissed his cheek and said, "Well you needed that and I for one loved every minute of it. And you my sweet friend needed to be fucked!" 

Then I turned to Greg and said, "Did you enjoy yourself darling? I love you and hope we did everything you wanted us to do."

Greg pulled me close and kissed me deeply and stated, "It was well worth it honey. I love you."

Steve said he hated to break up a good time but he needed to go as he had another appointment in another town. So we got dresses and walked him to the door. He then shook Greg's hand and then kissed me saying, "This is the best time, I have had in a long time." 

I looked at the two of them and said, "Wow, I loved it! I hope we can do it again and this time they will take pictures of me being naughty and nice.

To Steve, Greg and the readers of this erotic story, I hope this made your day...XOXOX!