 Three perspectives on their first threesome together. Dee and James have been together as a couple for the last year and a half. They are very open and honest with each other and love to explore their sensuality together. This story is about their first time they shared their bed with another woman.

James' Perspective:

"When Dee and I first met, I knew she had a freaky side to her; it was just a matter of helping her bring it out. It was our third date when we finally slept together and she opened up to me very quickly. 

"Over the course of our first few months, we explored a lot of our fantasies together, but there was one that I wanted to see: Dee with another woman. When I brought up the subject, she kind of pushed it away. But, during our love making sessions, I would whisper it in her ear while I was kissing and exploring her. One day after we made love and were still sweating and holding each other, she brought it up to me. She asked me why I always asked about how she would feel having another woman eat her. I told her, 'It's just a fantasy I have––and I've noticed that when I do bring it up, you cum so hard.' 

"I told her that I have this fantasy of her being in a 69 with another woman with me behind her, sliding in and out, nice and slow so she could have that feeling of being eaten and fucked at the same time.

"That's when she finally said she had always had fantasies about being with another woman. She wondered how it would feel, but was afraid to act on it. So, she would just push it out of her mind. I then asked her if she'd ever come close to being with a woman and all she said was 'not really.' One time she and a girlfriend had kissed and touched each other, but nothing else happened. We talked into the night about this, and it made us both horny, we got into a 69 and came in each other's mouth. She was real juicy––more than usual.

"As the weeks went on, I would bring the subject up. What I found out is that she was not against it, but it couldn't be planned. If it was planned, she knew she would back out. I didn't know any women who were bi, so I really didn't know what to do to set this up. So I put it in the back of my mind. 

"One evening, Dee and I were sitting in the house watching an erotic movie when her friend, Kat, stopped over. Kat is hot, and very sexy, and every time we went out with her, she had another man with her. 

"Well, the three of us were watching the movie and a girl/girl scene came up. Of course, being a man, I love watching women together, but I didn't feel too comfortable with Kat there. As the scene went on my dick got hard and Dee felt it and looked and laughed at me. 

"I wanted Kat to leave so that I could eat Dee out, but during the scene, Kat made a comment about how women wouldn't do a certain thing that way in real life, that the women there were only doing it for the camera. I said, 'How would you know Kat?' She looked at me and just smiled, while Dee said, 'I thought I told you, Kat is bi.'

"Well you know what that did––it brought back my fantasy. So, for the rest of the movie, I was asking Kat about her experience with other women. She was very open about it and said she has always liked women since she started having sex. 

"Her first sexual encounter was with a woman. I didn't ask the question I wanted to ask, and that was had she ever tried to sleep with Dee. 

"After the movie was over and we had enough to drink, Kat got up and said she was leaving. At the door she told me not to hurt Dee tonight because she could see how hard I was. So when Dee came to me, I asked her about Kat and if she ever tried to sleep with her, she just said, "Let's not talk right now" and started sucking me. I forgot all about it that night. 

"But the next day, I called Kat and we had a drink after work. That's when I told her about our fantasy and asked her would she be interested. She jumped at it and said she'd always wanted to sleep with Dee. 

"So I made the arrangements for that Friday. Dee and I would be watching another erotic movie, and around 9:45 I would then start kissing her on the couch getting both of us hot and then take her to the bedroom. Dee loves being eaten; it takes her into another world. At 10, Kat would come in. with the key I gave her and join me eating Dee. 

"That Friday night, I was eating Dee, hearing hear moan, feeling her grind against my mouth, when I felt a hand on my back. I didn't stop what I was doing but..."

Kat's Perspective:

"That night I came over to Dee and James' place to watch the movie, I was horny and lonely and just wanted some friends to talk to. My date stood me up and I thought we had a good connection. Oh well, you can't miss pussy you never had, but damn, I wanted her bad. 

"So I came over to their place, had a drink and watch porn with them. That didn't help me be less horny, and when a hot women scene came on and James was asking me questions, I couldn't take it much longer. 

"While I was talking to James, I saw how hard his dick was and that Dee was rubbing him. I wished they would start something while I was there. Then I could've joined them. The whole time I was answering James' questions, I kept looking at Dee. She is so damn hot! Nice nipples that seem to always stick through her clothes. I think it's because she gets excited around me.

"Dee and I first met when a friend of mine and I went to a happy hour down the street from where I worked. When we got there, all the tables were full, but there were two empty chairs at the table where Dee and her coworkers were. I went over and asked her if they'd mind if the two of us sat there. Dee said no. 

"I felt it then, right then as she looked at me. You know, when that chemistry is there, that spark. I felt it with her right away, so when we sat down, I made sure I sat down beside her. 

"All five of us got along well, laughing talking and having a good time. But, the whole time, I knew I wanted Dee, badly. By the way she would look at me, I thought that she liked women too. So I just thought it would be a matter of time before we would feel each other. I was so wrong. 

"We exchanged numbers and called each other. Talked, went out shopping together, did a lot of girls things together––except the one that I needed. 

"The first time I approached Dee, we were at her house. We had just come back from shopping and one of the stores we went to, you had to change in a big open dressing room. When we went in to change and she took her dress off, she didn't have a bra on and her breasts were beautiful. I tried not to stare, but I couldn't help it. My pussy got wet right away. 

"She asked me to help her zip up the dress from the back and it felt good to touch her when I did. I knew I had to have her, but I knew she was straight, and I didn't want to lose her friendship. So I moved away. When she stepped over to help me with the outfit I was trying on, her nipples rubbed up against me and she kept moving them around my back as she was helping me. 

"Damn! I wanted to grab them and suck on them, hard. I could smell my scent and I wonder if she could to, since my panties were wet. It seems like she knew what she was doing. All I knew was I was super horny and had to do something about it. 

"So, we're back at her house talking, drinking, and laughing, and I couldn't stand it anymore. We had talked about it before and she said she'd never been with a woman and didn't think she ever would. But there in her house, at that time, I had to do something. 

"So while she was standing up in the kitchen, I walked up behind her and told her, 'I hope you don't get mad at me, but I have to kiss you.' I moved over and kissed her on those lips. For a second she didn't move and then she backed away. 

"She said she just couldn't do it and hoped that it will not ruin our friendship because she didn't feel that way. I felt bad and told her so. I also told her that I wasn't sorry but I would not push her again. So, it was dropped, but not in my mind totally. 

"That day when I had drinks with James, and he told me what he wanted, I couldn't wait. I hoped this wouldn't destroy the friendship I had with Dee, but I needed to try again. I didn't tell James what happened between Dee and me. I just hoped that we could go further." 

"That night when I stood by the door, I knew this was it. I dressed for it. I had on a tight top with no bra. My breasts are not big, as a matter of fact they are small, but I have real big nipples. When I'm hot, like I was that night, they stick out almost an inch and everyone can see them, which turns me on. 

"I had on my best short skirt, the red one that Dee picked out for me (telling me it will make everyone around me want me). I wore no panties, and the skirt was so short that if I were to bend over a little, anyone would see my ass. I've worn this before, but always with my thong on. And it always makes me horny wearing this. That night, I was hot as hell. 

"I used the key that James gave me to open the door. I walked into their living room and saw them. 

"James told me they would be in the bedroom, but I see they couldn't wait. I looked at the TV and saw another hot scene with two women and one man together. I laughed to myself, thinking James had a way of playing the right movie at the right time. 

"I pulled off my top and stepped out of my skirt. The whole time I couldn't take my eyes off of them. Dee had her eyes closed, playing with her beautiful breasts, her nipples. James was deep into eating her. I don't know if he knew what time it was. I touched my nipples, damn! They were long and hard. Ran my finger over my pussy and my juices were running down my legs and my clit was hard. 

"I walked over to them; put my hand on James' shoulder so that he knew I was there..."

Dee's Perspective:

"It was kind of funny to me. James has been trying to get me with another woman for a long time. I've played a little with women, nothing serious. Kissing, touching––not much more. I was curious and afraid about it, so I never really acted on it. 

"The day I met Kat, there was something about her. If I didn't know better, I would say we had chemistry, but I've never had that with a woman before so I just thought it was a strong friendship. 

"We exchanged numbers that day and started hanging out. We became close real fast and I liked that. I also found out she was bi, so I asked her a lot of questions, and she approached me more than once, but I always said no. It felt good, being desired by her, but I couldn't go through with it. I loved the attention she gave me, and I've teased her some which I know wasn't right, but I was having fun. 

"The first time she made a move on me was after one of our shopping trip. I had teased her badly in the dressing room and doing that made me hot too. I couldn't wait for James to get home so I could fuck him. We were in the kitchen, and I was rinsing off an apple. 

"Kat came up behind me, I didn't hear everything she said, but then she kissed me. I was shocked and excited at the same time. I don't know if I said something or not, but I know I moved away and finally told her I couldn't do it. After that, I really don't remember what we said. All I know is within the hour I was riding James and I couldn't stop cumming. 

"This happened right at the doorway after he shut the door when he came in. He asked me after we finished (I must have cum 3 or 4 times riding him hard and fast), what made me so hot, I just told him I needed his dick. Men like to hear that. 

"I didn't want to tell him that I really wanted to fuck Kat. Did I really say it in my mind? I was afraid of my desires." 

"Kat would come over on a Friday or Saturday night and spend time with us. That's how we all became good friends. 

"Every now and then Kat would make a move on me and I would just tell her no. But, inside, I was curious about knowing what it felt like. I figured she would stop after a while." 

"The Friday she stopped over, I was surprised to see her. I knew she had a big date with this woman she was horny for. So when I let her in, by the look on her face I knew things didn't go well. I didn't bring it up then, thinking we will have time to talk about later. 

"But later, Kat and James started talking about the scene in the movie with the two women and she kept looking at me. I felt myself getting hot, but I thought it was because of the movie and because I was rubbing James' dick. 

"Part of me wanted her to leave so I could fuck James. The other part wanted her to stay. But then after the movie was over, she got up and left. 

"I was so horny that I just started sucking James as soon as I got back to him. He wanted to talk about Kat and her experiences. I didn't want to talk. I wanted to fuck. I needed to feel that hard velvet meat deep inside me.

"The following Friday, we were watching a movie that was all about threesomes. Two women and one man. 

"I told James he got the movie because it was his fantasy. 

"We love watching porn together. He's the first man I could do that with comfortably. The whole time we were watching the movie, he was doing his usual talking to me about having another woman join us. I would just laugh him off and call him a horny dog. But, I did like what I saw on the screen. 

"After a while the scenes got really hot and we started touching and kissing. He knows how sensitive my nipples are so he attacked them. 

"The next thing I knew, I was on the couch naked, the movie forgotten and him eating my pussy. Damn! I love being eaten. Almost nothing better than that. Almost... 

"I could feel the build up coming. I knew in a few minutes I was going to cum. 

"Then I felt something that felt like another tongue in my pussy! I open my eyes, looked down and there was Kat eating me with James! Right then and there I came. Hard. I screamed. Loud. 

"They both kept eating me and I started fucking their faces. I reached down and push their head deeper in my pussy. 

"I've never felt anything like this in my life! Feeling two tongues, licking you at the same time, two mouths sucking my juices. They ate me from my ass to my clit over and over again. I came so hard so long so many times I couldn't take it anymore and I reached down and pulled them both up to me. 

"They both had smiles on their faces and I pulled them to my lips. At first I kissed James, tasting my pussy juice on his lips. Then I looked a Kat, her beautiful lips, so wet, so soft looking. I smiled at her and pulled her to me. 

"Kat and I kissed. Deeply, for a long time. Her lips felt like they looked, soft. My cum on her lips tasted so good. Kat climbed up my body until she was laying on me. 

"I looked a James and he smiled saying, 'have fun, baby.' I looked back at Kat and the hunger in her eyes told me how much she wanted me. I'm sure she saw the same in me. 

"She kissed me again and then pulled back. I told her no, I wanted to kiss her more. She said 'We will, but first, I need this.' 

"That's when she pushed my legs back farer and sat on my pussy. Her pussy was rubbing up against mine. We were in a scissors like position with her in between my legs. 

"She started moving her pussy against mine. I have never in my life felt anything like that! 

"The softness, the wetness of her pussy rubbing against mine! 

"To this day, I still can't describe this feeling, but I love it! Our pussies rubbed hard, our clits moving against each other every now and then but my clit was always against her pussy like hers against mine. 

"She was looking deep in my eyes, fucking me. I could hear James in the background, but I couldn't tell you what he was saying. All I know is I felt myself on the edge, and it was so strong. By now, I was fucking her as hard as she was fucking me. 

"By the expression on her face, she was right there with me. And then it hit both of us at the same time. 

"I was no longer in the room. I was somewhere else watching this. 

"I knew we were screaming because I saw both of us with our mouths open. 

"I don't know how long it took, but when I came back to my body, Kat and I were still fucking each other and now I could her us screaming. 

"I felt like I had an explosion. Our pussies were so wet, it felt like we peed on each other. 

"I looked at James, and his expression was pure pleasure. 

"Kat leaned over and kissed me deep, our pussies still slowly rubbing together. I had never in my life cum like that, never. Kat didn't stop, she kept fucking me and I was fucking her back, we came like that two more times before she put my legs down and laid on me. 

"We just kissed and kissed. Our bodies were sweating, and she felt so good on me. I couldn't move. I just kissed her. I looked at James, and he was as hard as I'd ever seen him. 

"Kat moved over me, in a 69 and started eating me. I jumped when her tongue first licked me. I was too sensitive, but after awhile, it started feeling good. 

"I moved my head up and started eating her. Then I felt James' dick slide inside of me. He was moving slowly inside of me while Kat sucked my clit. Damn! What a feeling, so intense. 

"It was so hard to concentrate on eating her. My first real taste of pussy. I loved it! But the feeling I was getting from them made me stop. James was now moving inside me fast, hard. He must be getting close. 

"Then he pulled out and I felt empty. I didn't feel Kat's lips on my clit either and I was fucking air. 

"I heard James moan, and I guessed she was sucking him. Kat was close too, because she was fucking my face hard, rubbing her pussy over my nose, mouth, chin, so I grabbed her ass and started eating her more. 

"I loved her taste, the feeling of my tongue inside of her. Now I see why men love eating pussy! 

"As I was sucking and licking her clit, I felt her lips back on mine. I felt the head of James' dick slide back deep inside me.

"I was going to cum! I pushed back against Kat's tongue, James' dick. I was eating, sucking Kat's pussy hard now. Then I felt her start to jerk against my mouth, and I could hear her moaning. She was cumming in my mouth,! Another first for me. I kept sucking, drinking, her juices as they ran in my mouth. I loved every drop of it.

"Then I realized I was screaming in Kat's pussy. She was sucking my clit hard, and James was fucking me hard. 

"I must have blacked out from pleasure, because I don't remember anything until I felt James and Kat kissing my lips with smiles on their faces. 

"I felt James' cum slowly run out of my pussy, and I don't remember feeling him cum, I usually do. 

"Kat ran her fingers over my clit and I jumped. I was too sensitive right now to be touched, so I grabbed her hand and moved it away. 

"The three of us were on the couch, which is not that big, but it felt good feeling them on me. We finally, slowly got up from the couch and walked to the bedroom. 

"We didn't sleep at all that night.

"Kat and I make love a lot now. When he's around, James will join us, but I found out that without putting on labels, I love making love to both men and women."