 My girlfriend, Mary, and I have been together for several years. I've tried to talk about bringing another girl into our bedroom a few times but she has just never had any interest in women. She's mentioned bringing in another guy just for spite but backed down when I didn't react. It finally got to the point I'd decided nothing was ever going to happen.

Last year we got a place together. After getting settled in, we both began to make a couple friends in the neighborhood. Mary had become really good friends with a woman named Connie. It got to the point they were doing almost everything together. One day, we walked over to Connie's and discovered that she had a "friend" over, a female friend. That was the moment we discovered Connie was bi. 

This opened the door for Mary's curiosity. She started asking Connie a couple questions here and there. Of course the jokes between the three of us became a lot better. Even through all this, Mary didn't let me know she had any interest in women or a threesome. 

Mary and I decided one night that we wanted to have a little bit to drink and have some fun together. The sex is always crazier when you eliminate your inhibitions. So we did exactly that. I picked up a bottle of crown and some coke for myself. She grabbed some Smirnoff and margarita mix for herself. We got back to the house and cranked up the radio. We were having a great time when someone knocked on the front door. It was Connie so we invited her in to hang out with us. 

The three of us drank and partied for a couple of hours. We all started joking around and flirting a little bit. Then while they were talking to each other, I started kissing Mary on her neck right in front of Connie. I watched as Connie's eyes jumped to attention. I ran my hands across Mary's breast, giving it a little squeeze. Then I stopped a moment to see if Mary would stop me. She didn't. 

I kissed from her ear to her shoulder and rubbed my hands slowly across her body. She started breathing a little heavier and Connie watched anxiously to see how far things would go. I slipped my hand under Mary's shirt and began rubbing on her breasts while I continued kissing her. Mary was clearly enjoying herself. She has always been a little bit of an exhibitionist. I moved to sit beside her. Connie's eyes were locked on what we were doing. I lifted Mary's shirt to expose her D sized breasts and invited Connie over as I began licking on one of Mary's nipples. 

Connie immediately came to sit on the other side of Mary. She took Mary's breast into her mouth while I sucked on the other. I reached down to undo Mary's pants. Connie sat up and started kissing her as I ran a couple fingers around Mary's clit. Mary grabbed my head and pulled it close to kiss me. Then she turned me to face Connie. We shared a strong, hard kiss while my fingers continued to massage Mary's clit. Mary was almost ready to cum so I turned my attention to Connie. I kissed her again and began rubbing and squeezing her chest while Mary watched. 

To my surprise, Mary started to pull Connie's shirt up so I unsnapped her bra and went to licking and sucking on her breast. I placed Mary's hand on the other one. Mary rubbed and squeezed Connie's breast and even pinched her nipples a little. I whispered for Connie to put her tit in Mary's mouth and she did without hesitation. Mary almost sucked the whole thing into her mouth. Connie reached down and played with Mary's chest. 

While they were entertaining each other, I unbuttoned Connie's pants and slid my hand down inside them. Connie started to push her pants down while Mary kept sucking on her breast, so I pulled Connie's pants off and slipped a couple fingers inside of her. She pushed against me to force my fingers deeper inside of her. I began sucking on Mary's tit again until I saw Connie slide her hand down into Mary's pants. I used my free hand to nudge Mary's pants enough so she pushed them down herself. 

Seeing Connie rubbing on Mary's soaking wet pussy instantly gave me the biggest hard-on of my life, but I still wanted more. I took my hand away from Connie just long enough to grab Mary's hand. I slowly pulled her hand over towards Connie and rubbed gently on Connie's clit with Mary's hand. I grabbed two of her fingers and slowly guided them into Connie's waiting pussy. I could feel as Mary began to take control of her own fingers again, and Connie noticed too. 

I began rubbing Connie's clit while Mary pushed her fingers in and out of Connie. The next thing I knew, Connie pulled Mary's hand from between her legs and slowly sucked her fingers clean. Connie moved to the floor and started flicking her tongue across Mary's clit while she fingered her. I went back to teasing Mary's nipples until she reached into my pants and started rubbing on me. 

Mary nudged my pants a little so I pushed them the rest of the way down. Mary started stroking my dick, then pointed it towards Connie, like an offering. Connie quickly leaned over and took me deep into her mouth while she kept a couple fingers inside Mary. Mary could only watch as her friend sucked on me. I put my hand behind Mary's head and pulled her towards me a little. She followed my direction and gently took my dick from Connie and sucked it quickly into her own mouth. They each took a few turns with me, only leaving me alone to kiss each other. 

At this point, I had Connie lie on the couch. Mary and I both sat on the floor beneath her. I teased Connie's clit with my fingers and Mary shoved two fingers into her. I leaned down and licked her pussy from Mary's fingers to Connie's clit. I did this a few times then pointed for Mary to lick her clit a time or two. She just watched as I flicked my tongue across it a few more times. Then Mary leaned in and flicked her tongue across Connie's clit. She did it once and backed up, then did it again. 

After a couple minutes, she seemed to be enjoying what she swore she would never do. I got behind Mary and played with her pussy another minute before sliding my throbbing cock slowly inside of her. I pounded away at her pussy while she licked on Connie's. I guess Connie wanted even more because she got up, lied down on the floor, and crawled under Mary. As they got situated into their 69, I stayed inside Mary. Connie started playing with my balls as I slid in and out of Mary. 

After a few minutes, I moved to the other side, picked Mary's head up by her hair and pushed my cock into her mouth. She moaned with excitement and took me as deep as she could. I pulled her hair as I fucked her face. Then I had her sit up and I pushed my cock quickly into Connie. Mary was sitting on Connie's face. Every couple thrust into Connie's dripping pussy, I would lick Mary's tits. Finally, I fucked Connie as hard as I could until I was ready to cum. I pulled out, stood up, and shot my cum onto Mary's face, aiming for her waiting mouth. The rest dripped down onto Connie's chest. That was yesterday, but now our "play nights" have a whole new meaning.