 After quite a lot of talking and some fantasy role play, Joy and I decided that we'd see if we could try the possibility of exploring a threesome and what fun that might be. As I talked with Joy about that prospect, we worked through as many of the issues as possible. And it seemed like she really wanted to have two cocks at once. Every time we chatted about it, it made my cock rock hard. And every time that I watched her suck on her dildo while I fucked her, it turned me on. She is so sexy to watch as she's licking and sucking on a cock. So, we decided that we'd try it and see if it could happen. 

We decided we'd go slow and just see what another man in the room would do for her and we set out to find someone that might be compatible. So, I did a search on the internet and found a couple of swinger's web sites on which to advertise. I wrote an ad for the site and showed it to Joy. 

"Late 40's couple new to swinging interested in finding straight gentle male to watch and/or join in. Must be flexible and respectful and willing to take it slow."

We posted the ad on the web site and then waited. After a few days, we checked the web site and found several responses. As we worked our way through the responses, I could tell that Joy was getting excited. She would stand beside me as we read them and I reached up and massaged her ass. She read through them and checked out the pictures. My cock was hard as a rock as I watched her read. I reached up and pulled her sweat pants down around her ankles and stood up behind her. She leaned against the chair as I reached around and slid my finger across her slit. She was dripping wet. I dropped my pants and her eyes were glued to the images on the screen. I slid my hard cock between her legs and rubbed her wetness over the tip. Then with a quick flick of my hips I drove my cock deep into her. I asked her if she saw anyone that she'd like to fuck. She didn't answer at first. I took long slow strokes as I fucked her. I told her now much I'd love to watch her as she sucked on a hard cock while I fucked her. It only took a couple of minutes and I could feel that she was cumming. I drove it harder and told her that I would love to feel her pussy convulse just at the moment that another guy's hard stream of hot cum shot out onto her breasts and face. She came hard and I pushed my cock deep into her and pumped her pussy full. 

She stood up and turned to me and said she needed more and led me downstairs to the bed. There she pulled back the sheets and reached in the night stand drawer and pulled out her buddy Bill the realistic dildo. She leaned over the bed and wrapped her lips around his cock as I kissed and licked her ass. I could see my cum oozing from her and I spread her legs apart and kissed and massaged her ass. 

I stood up behind her and watched as her lips wrapped sensuously around the cock. She sucked and licked and sucked some more. I teased her pussy with the tip of my cock and watched as she continued to suck. Then pushed deep into her and started in long slow strokes again. We both could feel my warm cum oozing out around the soft lips of her pussy as I stroked her slowly. With each stroke she sucked the cock in, her hand wrapped firmly around the base and the balls. As I increased the speed, my balls began to slap against her clit and she sucked deeper and harder on the cock. She sucked with each stroke of my cock. When I pushed deep, she took the cock deep. As I got close, I pulled from her and told her to drop to her knees. She continued sucking on the dildo as I stroked my cock just inches from her cock-filled mouth. I knew I was close and as I told her that I was cumming she opened her mouth and pulled the cock out so that it was touching her tongue and I shot my second hot load all over the tip of the cock and into her waiting mouth. I told her that he was cumming with me and she stroked it as if she was jacking him off too. She wrapped her lips around my still hard cock and sucked some more of the juice from it and then moved to the other cock. She moved back and forth between our cocks as she milked both. 

We moved up to the bed and snuggled and I admired just how sexy she looked laying back with my juices all over her. After we cleaned up, we snuggled and slept until morning.

-----------

The next day, we returned to the responses to our ad. We looked closely and found a single guy in Omaha that was in his early 40's and pretty decent looking and seemed to be reasonably polite in his letter to us. So, I composed a response and sent it off. I told him how we were new to this and that Joy wasn't sure that she could. But if he would be patient, he might be able to have a nice time. I sent along pictures of us and the vital information about us. His response came the next day. His name was Ed and he sounded like a pretty decent guy. 

Joy came up and read his response and looked at the pictures that he sent. He was good looking, slender and about the same height as me and his cock was a little longer and a little fatter than mine. He offered his phone number and good times to call. Once she had read the email about 10 times and looked at the photos, she told me that she wanted me to come downstairs. When we got to the bedroom, she again pulled back the sheets and then stripped down and immediately spread her legs and laid back. She was again dripping wet. I move down and started lightly kissing her pussy and she wrapped her lips around her Bill cock and started sucking. My tongue slid deep into her as I looked up and watched her devour the cock again. She sucked and I licked. And within a few minutes, she was cumming hard on my mouth. When she relaxed she told me to come up so that she could lick and suck my cock. She moved over to the edge of the bed and I placed the tip of my cock against her mouth. It was oozing my sweet precum and I smeared it all over her lips. She immediately took the Bill cock and drove it deep into her pussy and began to fuck herself with it. 

Her tongue played with the sweetness oozing from my cock and I looked down to see her driving the cock hard into her wet pussy. I stroked lightly as she closed her lips around my cock and sucked and I reached down and took control of the cock in her pussy. I pulled and pushed it in long slow strokes and she sucked my cock pausing only to reach under with her mouth and suck and nuzzle my swollen balls. 

I talked to her while she sucked and told her, "Fuck him Baby, fuck his cock" "I love to watch you fuck Bill's cock." As I talked to her she became more and more excited. 

"You like fucking him?" I'd ask, she'd moan a quiet response. 

"Yes." 

"Do you want him to pump your pussy full while I fill your mouth?" 

"Oh yes, please. Fuck me, fuck me Bill."

I increased the rhythm in her pussy and just at the moment that I could tell that she was on the edge I told her, "He's coming." I pushed the cock deep into her and it sent her over the edge. Watching her response sent me over the edge as well and I pulled my cock back from her mouth and shot four hard streams onto her lips, chin and into her open mouth. She came hard and sucked my cum-covered cock deep again and bucked on the cock. I could tell that her pussy was convulsing around the cock as mine was pulsing in her mouth. 

She came so hard that she pushed Bill's cock from her. She lapped and licked at my cock as she came down from the high. 

We cleaned up and fell asleep in each other's arms.

------

After several emails were exchanged including photos of Joy and I, we set up a time to call Ed and chat. With both Joy and I on the phone, the conversation was a little bit awkward. Joy was still somewhat uncertain, but after a while, we agreed to meet in Omaha. 

We checked into a suite hotel so that we had a larger room and a conversation area. The plan was to meet for drinks at a specific time at a bar that was quiet and close to where we were staying. Nothing was promised and he knew that he might get to have some fun or might end up going home without sex. That was the way it had to be. 

Joy dressed in my favorite outfit, black stockings, black garter, black skirt and a black ultra-sheer blouse and a blazer. She also wore her 5" Mary Jane pumps. She and I started out with an early dinner at a very sexy restaurant. We chatted about the evening and I made sure she was still up for the adventure. She was obviously nervous but I could tell that she was excited because her nipples were hard and gum drops. As we ate and talked, she would open her blazer and give me great views of her breasts through the nearly invisible black fabric of the sheer blouse. She looked beautiful and damn sexy. 

When we finished dinner, it was getting close to the time to meet Ed and I could tell that she was getting more nervous. As we got to the car, I pulled her close and gave her a deep kiss and told her that I loved her and asked her again if she was still ok. She nodded and I slid my hand up her thigh and under her skirt. Since she didn't have any panties on, I could slide my finger across her clit. She was dripping wet once again. I ran my finger through her pussy lips and covered it with her juices and brought it to my mouth and tasted her. She was very sweet. 

We headed to the bar and found a table in a corner where it was quiet and sat down and ordered a drink. Within a few minutes, Ed came in and walked up to the table. He was a good looking guy, well dressed and well built. After introductions we had a seat and began a little small talk first. Joy seemed to be warming up to him and I watched as she let her blazer fall open a couple of times so that he could get a glimpse of her breasts. I could tell that he liked what he saw. We talked again about what might happen and again made no promises since this was our first time. 

After a couple of drinks, I could see that Joy was getting more comfortable because she would lean back slightly and open her blazer wide and give him a show. He was very complimentary and attentive and seemed pretty nice. After about an hour, I asked if Joy was interested in heading to the hotel. With a big sigh she said "Yes" and we got up to leave. As she got up, she took her time in pulling her blazer closed so that both he and I got a good show. 

Ed followed us back to the hotel and when we got there accompanied us across the lobby to the elevator. When we got in the elevator, Joy pulled open her blazer and gave us both a very sexy show. I could tell that she was gaining confidence and comfort. As we exited the elevator on our floor she took off the blazer and handed it to me and walked down the hallway stopping every once in a while to pose and show off. 

As she continued down the hall she gradually unbuttoned each of the buttons on her blouse. And when she got within a couple of rooms from our door at the end of the hallway, she reached back, unzipped the skirt and let it fall to the floor. She bent over and picked it up and handed it to me as she twirled and showed off. I unlocked the door and opened it up. She walked in with Ed and then me following. 

Once inside, I tossed her clothes onto a chair and she walked back into the bedroom area. We had left some low lights on and the bed was turned down and ready. She took Ed by the hand and led him over to the bed and stopped and unbuttoned his shirt and helped him out of it. Then she reached down and unbuckled his pants and let them drop to the floor. He, like me, wasn't wearing any underwear and his nearly stiff cock sprung from his pants. He kicked off his shoes and pulled his pants and socks off and Joy reached up and gently pushed him back down onto the bed. He spread out as she loves me to do. His big thick cock was hard and sticking straight up and he had what she thought were nice big balls. 

She looked over at me as if to ask if it was ok and I nodded and she moved down on her knees in between his legs. She hesitantly kissed the insides of his thighs and while I watched I stripped down. My cock was hard as a rock and my balls were full and firm. I watched as she nuzzled her face into his big balls and kissed and sucked on them. Her hand was wrapped around his hard cock and stroking slightly. She nibbled and sucked and felt his balls tighten. She worked her mouth up to the base of his cock and then licked from the base all the way to the tip. His cock was oozing some precum and she smeared it all over her face and lips. Then she looked up at me again to see if I was ok and she wrapped her lips around the tip. His cock was thick and full and she worked her tongue around the tip and then took him as far down her mouth as she could. 

I moved around behind her and slid in between her slightly spread legs and kissed and massaged her ass. I could see that her pussy lips were full and swollen and her clit was hard and firm. I slid in between her legs so that I could put my mouth on that sweet pussy. I flicked my tongue across her swollen clit and she was wet all along the insides of her thighs. The sweet juices were nearly running from between her lips. I slid my tongue between her lips and tasted her sweet juices and twirled my tongue deep into her. I could hear the slurping sounds of her sucking his hard cock while I licked her pussy. The more I thought about her sucking Ed's hard cock the more I needed to fuck her.

I pulled back from underneath her and urged her go lay across him so that she could get the best access to his cock. She kept sucking as she moved into position. She was laying so that I could enter her from behind in the way that puts my cock deepest into her. I knelt straddling her left leg and put the tip of my cock against her wetness. I watched as she continued to suck on his cock, one hand wrapped around it and stroking it and her soft lips sucking it in and out. I rubbed the tip of my cock against her clit and lips and covered it with her juices then pushed it slowly deep into her. As I did, she sucked him harder and deeper. I pushed until the entire length of my cock was deep in her and then pulled it out completely. Then I drove it in deep and hard. We started into a rhythm and as I pushed into her, she sucked Ed deep into her mouth. I could feel her climax building as I fucked her harder and faster. 

She came hard and she came fast. Her pussy convulsed and she bucked as she came so hard. I knew that she could feel the orgasm in her throat as well as her pussy from the way that she acted. 

As she relaxed, she licked and nuzzled Ed's cock and played. Then she looked over her shoulder at me as if to ask me something with her eyes. I nodded and pulled my cock from her pussy. She moved over Ed and straddled him and reached down and guided his cock to her wet and well-fucked pussy. She knew that it was thicker and longer than mine and she knew that it had been a very long time since she had another man's cock in her pussy. She guided his cock so that it spread her wet lips apart and then slowly lowered herself down onto it. I sat back and watched as his cock slowly disappeared deep into her and his balls pushed up against her ass. She started working it in and out in long strokes. I moved around and stood next to her and she leaned forward and wrapped her lips around my cock that was still covered with her juices. She sucked and rode in long slow strokes and gradually gained momentum. Her mouth and tongue worked furiously on my cock and sucked me hard and deep. Up and down she rode on his cock while she wrapped her lips around mine. Faster and faster she rode until she started to buck and quiver and she came hard again.

She pulled back and let my cock from the grip of her lips and she rolled off of Ed and laid on her back. She reached up and started to massage her tits as she relaxed. Ed took his cue and scrambled to his knees and grabbed hold of his cock. It was wet and slick from her juices and he started to stroke his cock just above her as she massaged her breasts and pulled and twisted her nipples. As she watched Ed stroke his cock slowly at first and then faster and faster I moved around and slid into her from behind and beside her. Her pussy was convulsing still as I pushed deep into her. Joy was holding her breasts together....offering them for Ed to cover. She could see Ed's balls tighten and the tip of his cock swell as it erupted. The first eruption was a long thick stream that stretched across her body and when it landed it covered both of her nipples at the same time. The second stream swirled up and hit her in the chin and lips. The third dropped down into the cleavage of her breast and pooled there. She massaged the cum into her breasts and I could feel her pussy convulsing again as she started to cum. The sight of Ed cumming on Joy sent me over the edge and I pulled from her and shot a hard stream up onto her clit and pussy. The second stream pushed up onto her little landing strip. I pushed my cock back into her pussy and continued to fill her with two more shots. 

Joy laid back and relaxed and Ed sat back on the bed and recovered. Joy all of the sudden got somewhat shy and she thanked Ed but asked him to leave so that she could be alone with me. Ed said he understood and he washed up and got dressed and we said goodbye. 

When Ed left the room I looked at Joy. She had cum on her breasts, face and pussy. She looked me straight in the eyes and told me very seriously, "Fuck me."