 I'd just pulled my cock out of my wife's sloppy cunt, this was her third load she'd taken so far and it was still early. As I stood back another man quickly took my place, rammed his cock in and began to fuck her. 

I looked at my sexy slut of a wife laid on the park bench table, naked except for some stockings and suspenders. This was how she liked to get fucked, with her legs wide open and her big tits wobbling as she was taken by one guy after another. 

Stood around the table were more men with their cocks hanging out. Watching, wanking and waiting their turn to fuck her. Two of them were holding her legs in the air, mauling her tits as she wanked them off. The guy fucking her was now talking to her. "You dirty slut, can't get enough cock can you?"

Sandra could only moan, as there was no way for her to reply. Her mouth was being fucked by a huge black cock, she loves big cocks. It just reminded me how we first got into dogging all those years ago.

When we first got married Sandra wasn't very adventurous about sex, in fact she didn't even like to touch my cock. That all changed on a weekend holiday in the country, on our first evening we decided to go for a stroll around the local lanes. It was summer time so it didn't get dark till late.

As we walked down this quiet lane we started to hear noises, then screams from a woman. I thought I'd better check it out just in case, with Sandra gripping my hand we walked nearer to the noise. As we got closer I could hear the woman more clearly, now I started to understand what was going on. Being curious I lead Sandra closer to the action.

Moving around a bend in the lane, we could see that there was a car parked on the verge. Laid across its bonnet was a blonde haired woman, but what surprised me was seeing this big black guy fucking her. She was grunting loudly as we watched his bare ass pounding away between her legs.

Sandra gripped my hand as another black man then came from behind the car, his limp cock was hanging out of his trousers. It must have been about 8" long, it started to grow as he wanked his cock . Sandra was in shock as she whispered to me. "Oh my god, that can't be real. It's so big."

She had been a virgin when we married and only ever seen my cock, at most mine only grows to about 6". No wonder she was amazed at seeing this monster, so was I.

We were mesmerized by what was going on in front of us, my cock straining as I watched this blonde haired woman being fucked. I could tell Sandra was also getting excited, her breathing had started to get quicker as she squeezed my hand.

The black guy with his cock in his hand then stood next to the blonde woman's head, he groaned as she started to suck on his cock. At that moment I suddenly wished that it was Sandra laid on the bonnet, with the black guy fucking her as she sucked on my cock.

Letting go of her hand I moved to stand behind her, as she continued to stare I started to play with her tits. She let out a moan as I squeezed them, then she began to move her ass against my cock.

The two black men then looked at us, they must have heard Sandra's moan. The guy getting a blowjob turned and faced us, Sandra gasped as her hand gripped my thigh. His cock was fully erect now, it was huge and must have been about 10 or 11" long.

We stood still as he started to walk towards us, his cock bouncing as he came closer. The blonde haired woman then shrieked as she had her orgasm, the black guy fucking her didn't stop as he kept on pounding away.

"Hi my names Jim, and that's George fucking Beth at the moment." He said. 

No embarrassment at the fact that he was stood in front of us, with a very large erection pointing straight up. "I've not seen you two here before, this your first time?" He continued, I just nodded. 

"It's a bit early yet, but the main crowd don't get here till later. Do you want to join in or just watch?" 

Then the penny dropped, this was a dogging site. With me holding onto Sandra's tits, he must have thought we were here to join in. Sandra let out a moan as she continued to stare at his cock, her ass still pressing against me.

Jim was looking at Sandra, then asked. "Ever seen a black cock before?"

Sandra didn't speak but shook her head to say no.

He took a step closer, then said. "I tell you what why don't you touch it, go on it won't bite. But it might spit if you handle it right." Then laughed at his own joke.

I watched in amazement as Sandra's hand slowly moved towards his hard cock, it jerked as she grasped it with her small hand.

"Mmmm, that's nice. Now that you've got hold of it, why don't you try wanking it for me?" He told her, with her hand wrapped around his cock she began move it along his shaft.

I was still holding onto her tits when he then told her. "Kneel down, you'll get a better view."

I had to let go of Sandra's tits as she began to kneel in front of him, it was if she was totally under his control. With her face inches from his cock, I knew then that she was going to be fucked by this guy.

"Suck my cock slut." Was all it took for him to say, the woman who wouldn't even think of giving me a blowjob was about to do it with a stranger. I just watched as my wife pulled his cock to her open mouth, stuck her tongue out and start to lick the end of his cock. He moaned as soon as her tongue made contact.

My own cock was reaching bursting point, so I undid my zip and pulled it out. Wanking myself furiously, as I stood by them and watched Sandra lick his monster cock. 

Jim looked at me then said. "Slut, you better suck your husbands cock. He's about ready to blow." Without hesitation she stopped licking him and took my cock straight into her mouth, I just grunted out loud as I got my first blowjob.

Still holding onto Jim's cock she grasped mine and began to bob her head, I let out a long groan as my cock swelled to bursting point in her mouth. I was so turned on, that I didn't last long and soon started to come. "Oh fuck, you fucking slut. Ahhhhhhhhhhh." I yelled at her as I started to fill her mouth. 

The slut never stopped, she even swallowed my spunk. I just stood there stunned, drained and gasping for breath. My hips would jerk every so often, as she continued to slowly wank me whilst licking my cock clean. 

I was still hard even though I'd just come, with her hand still grasping my cock she moved her mouth back to Jim's cock. I watched in awe as she opened her mouth, then slowly fed it passed her lips.

With only a couple inches into her mouth she stopped, she was starting to struggle with the size of it. With her lips stretched around his shaft, Jim gripped the back of her head and pushed his cock deeper into her mouth.

This was too much for Sandra and she started to panic, coughing as she pushed him back and out of her mouth. With her mouth empty she started to take big gulps of air, as she tried to catch her breath. I noticed that even though she'd pushed him out of her mouth, her hand was still tightly gripped around his cock.

"I'm sorry about that, it's that I get a bit enthusiastic when a white chick suck's my cock. By the way, I didn't get your names?" He asked us.

It seemed strange exchanging names after watching my wife suck on his big black cock, but at the time I didn't realize how much of a big turning point to our lives this was going to be.

"I'm Peter, and my wife's name is Sandra." I said as I watched her look up at Jim, she was obviously not put off by her sudden introduction to giving a blowjob. Because she went straight back to licking the head of his cock again, before taking it back into her mouth.

"Man, I can't get over how white chick's love to suck my cock." Jim said to me. 

Holding onto Sandra's head. He began to rock his hips, slowly fucking her mouth. "That's it slut use your tongue." 

He was moaning now as he used her mouth for his own pleasure, every so often he would push a little further till she stopped him. It was starting to work as she was beginning to take more of his cock into her mouth.

But we were soon distracted by George as he let out a loud groan, letting everybody know that he'd just come. Then he shocked me, by pulled his cock out of Beth's pussy. I thought Jim had a big one but George's was even bigger. 

Beth lifted herself off the bonnet, as she was moving I got a better look at her. Her blouse was wide open, I could see her naked breasts bounce as she moved to kneel in front of him. Her skirt was up around her waist showing off her stockings and suspenders.

Then I watched in amazement as his cock started to disappear into her mouth, Jim noticed me staring at Beth's performance. 

"Yep she's got one hell of a mouth, it's like being sucked by a vacuum cleaner. She takes mine easily but struggles a bit with George's. You'll have to try her, she's incredible." Jim informed me.

"Mmmmm that's better." He was telling Sandra, I could see that she was taking more of his cock into her mouth now. 

Then we were distracted by George calling to us. "Hey Jim, bring her over here. I wouldn't mind trying some fresh pussy."

Jim took his wet cock out of Sandra's mouth, then pulled her to her feet. Guiding her towards the car, she could now see George with Beth's head stuck into his groin. Sandra stopped dead as he began to pull out of Beth's mouth, and George's massive cock began to appear.

"Oh my god, I can't take that it's too big. Please Peter no, I can't." Sandra pleaded, as she gripped my hand.

Jim then laughed. "No Sandra, that's not what he means. George loves to suck on pussy, it's not only his cock which is big. Show her George."

With a big grin on his face he stuck his tongue out, it easily reached the bottom of his chin.

Then Beth spoke for the first time. "Go on love, you don't know what you're missing. It'll make your toes curl."

This seemed ease Sandra a little as we lead her towards the car, she was still awe struck by George's cock as she sat down on the bonnet. With her being totally absorbed by his massive member, me and Jim started to unbutton the front of her summer dress. With the dress now open, we could see her bra and knickers.

They were plain if not frumpy, Sandra didn't have any exciting underwear. I unclipped her bra and exposed her large breasts, this was probably the first time I'd seen them in daylight. They were fantastic, large pear shaped breasts with very erect nipples. We then laid her down onto the bonnet, not wanting to miss an opportunity I began to suck on one of her hard nipples.

She gasped as my tongue went to work, as I was playing with her tits. George began to remove her knickers, I could feel her lifting her ass allowing him to remove them.

"Man you need some serious deforestation down here, I'll be chewing hair for the next week." George said to Sandra.

As I turned my head to look, he wasn't wrong there was a mass of pubic hair around her pussy. This didn't stop him though, and I watched as he pried open her legs and start to lick along Sandra's pussy lips. She gasped as soon as he made contact with his tongue, then soft groans from her as his tongue worked its way along her slit. 

He soon had Sandra crying out. "Oh god yes, oh yes, don't stop, that feels so good, Oh my god, yessssssss." Her body started to bounce as she quickly had her first orgasm, I was struggling with keeping her nipple in my mouth as she jerked around. 

Then as she had calmed down I noticed her hand reached for Jim's cock, holding onto him she started to feed it into her open mouth. It hadn't taken much persuasion to turn Sandra into a cock hungry slut, I couldn't wait to see her get fucked by these two big cocks.

She was still moaning but now muffled by Jim's cock, as I chewed on her nipple he reached down and squeezed her other tit. With George licking her pussy, Jim pinching one nipple and me chewing on the other. Sandra started to have a series of small orgasms.

As I was concentrating on Sandra's tit, I was surprised when I felt a hand take hold of my cock. I looked down to see that Beth was now kneeling at my feet, she was trying to pull me towards her mouth. 

Standing up I turned to face her, letting go of my cock she started to undo my trousers. Then pulled them down to my ankles. With my cock waving in front of her face, I groaned out loud as she licked along the underside of my erection. Then gasped through clenched teeth as my cock entered her wet mouth, as I continued groan she gripped my ass cheeks she slowly pulled me further in.

She didn't stop till her nose was hard pressed into my stomach, if she could swallow George's monster my 6" wasn't going to be a problem. I gripped the back of her head, closed my eyes and just groaned as my cock pulsed in her throat. At that moment I couldn't give a damn what was happening around me, all I could think of was I didn't want this to end. But Beth had other ideas, opening her mouth further I felt as she slid her wet tongue out and started to lick my balls. 

"Oh my god." I cried out, it was the most intense thing I'd ever felt. I was starting to get that intense feeling of pleasure from my cock, I tried to hold it back. But it just got too much for me, and I let it go. "Ohhh fuck, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh." My hips jerked as I exploded down her throat, Beth pulled back just leaving the head of my cock in her mouth as I continued to spurt.

I was moaning as she wriggled her tongue to the underside of my cock, when I finally stopped coming and my cock began to wilt. Beth then stood up and wrapped her arms around my neck, I was still in a daze as she forced her tongue into my mouth. 

As our tongues meshed I was surprised when she passed my spunk into my mouth, I'd heard of snowballing but never thought I'd ever be on the receiving end. So I decided to play along and forced my tongue back into her mouth, making her take my spunk back.

She broke away from me and opened her mouth. I watched as she swirled the spunk around her tongue, then made a big show of swallowing it. 

I was just imaging Sandra doing the same trick, when I heard her start to beg. "Oh god I need your cock, please, please fuck me." She was looking at Jim as she pleaded with him.

She had started to push George's head away from her pussy, as she sat up. Still gripping Jim's cock she pulled him so he was now stood between her open legs. She was desperately trying to pull his cock into her wet pussy.

Jim surprised me by stopping her, he turned to George and said. "Pass me the lube George." 

Then turned to me saying. "I always like to lube up when breaking in new pussy, especially when they're this keen. Man, I'm going to enjoy this."

As George was passing him the lube I saw him try to find a loose hair on his tongue, no wonder he was complaining about Sandra's pussy hair. This wasn't a problem with Beth as her pussy was clean shaven, I was just wondering what Sandra's pussy would look like bald.

Having found the offending hair George started to lick around his mouth, it was covered in Sandra's pussy juices. Licking her pussy was something I'd always wanted to do to her, but she'd always complain that it was dirty. 

As Jim was coating his cock, I moved closer to Sandra and ran my fingers along her inner thigh till I reached her wet pussy. She gasped as my fingers parted her pussy lips and made contact with her clit, using the knuckle on my thumb against her clit I pushed a finger into her cunt.

She squirmed on the bonnet as I felt her pussy pulse around my finger, she was desperate to be fucked and started to move her hips. I pushed as deep as I could go, with my knuckle rubbing against her clit I started to finger fuck her, as she loosened up I quickly added a second finger. But then Jim stopped me by pulling my hand out of Sandra's wet pussy, his cock was all lubed up and ready to go.

As I stood back I held my hand to my nose, I smelled the sweet aroma on my wet fingers. It was like a perfume to me, I wished at that moment I had my head stuck between her thighs sucking on her pussy. But Sandra was determined to get fucked by Jim's big cock.

I would have to make sure that I fulfilled my wish at later date however dirty she thought it was, as a second best I put my fingers in my mouth and tasted her sweet pussy juices. 

Jim stood between her open legs, holding onto his slick cock he started to run it along her pussy lips. Sandra gasped out loud, as they parted allowing him to slide his cock between them. Jim then asked her. "Tell me what you want slut?"

She gave a low groaning sound when his cock made contact with her clit, her hips jerking as he teased her. She started to beg again. "Please don't tease, I want your cock in my pussy."

She even used her legs around him, as she tried to get him to fuck her. Jim stopped her and continued to tease her. "What about your husbands cock?" He asked her.

"He can fuck me later, now stop pissing around and fuck me!" She said forcefully.

I just shook my head in wonder at how quickly my shy wife was turning into cock hungry slut, I'd always wished that Sandra would be more sexually aware. This was a dream come true.

Jim moved back slightly and positioned the head of his cock to the entrance to Sandra's cunt, I watched as her pussy opened and she took another man's cock for the first time. 

She grunted as he entered her, he didn't push any further but held just the head of his cock in her pussy. With the initial shock of being stretched open, she was panting as she tried to accommodate his thickness. I could see that her pink pussy lips were tightly stretched around his black shaft, my own cock started to grow at the thought of sloppy seconds. Fucking her stretched pussy awash with his spunk, my hand went to my cock and I began wank myself.

Then George moved next to her head, his cock was semi erect as he presented it to Sandra's mouth. She just looked and stared at it as she continued to breathe heavily, it was then that Jim pushed his cock further into Sandra's cunt.

She gasped out loud and George pushed the head of his large cock into her open mouth, I was surprised when she didn't reject his cock. Considering how she panicked at the very sight of it not 15 minutes earlier, now grabbed it with her hand. With her mouth stuffed full of cock she began to wank his thick shaft. 

Whilst George was enjoying her mouth, Jim was working more of his cock into Sandra's tight pussy. Every so often he would pull out and apply more lube to his cock, I could see that her stretched pussy was wasn't fully closing each time he pulled out. Then he would go a little deeper as entered her again, Sandra was constantly moaning as she was getting fucked at both ends.

I wasn't the only one wanking at the show in front of us, Beth was rubbing her fingers between her open legs. Although I wanted to watch Sandra get fucked I fancied sucking Beth's smooth pussy. 

She didn't object when moved her towards the car, with her leaning against the door I knelt between her open legs. As I ran my hands over her soft stockings, I pushed my nose close to her pussy. Closing my eyes I took deep breath in through my nose, I was enjoying the aroma when I felt her hands on the back of my head.

Pulling me into her pussy she began to rub her clit against my nose, I stuck my tongue out and got my first taste of another woman's pussy. She was dripping as I lapped away, then I realized it wasn't only her pussy juices I was swallowing but George's spunk as well. Strange but it didn't seem to bother me, all I wanted to do was please this woman.

For the next few minutes, I let her use my tongue and nose to fuck herself. Pushing my tongue deep into her sloppy cunt, my face was getting coated with a mixture of fluids. As I caressed her soft nylon covered thighs she was moaning out loud. 

I must have been doing something right because she started to scream. "Oh yes, ohhh yessss, ahhhhhhhhh." Holding my head tight into her pussy, a gush of fluids entered my mouth as she came. Her body shaking as I tried to swallow it all, I couldn't believe how much she was squirting all over my face.
