 I'd just waken up from our afternoon nap, and with Sandra still asleep. I thought I'd better give Beth a ring, to confirm the arrangements for tonight. 

As I waited for her to answer the phone, I pulled back the duvet cover and exposed Sandra's naked body. She was lying face down but with her back to me, I was admiring her firm ass. Which was nicely framed by her suspender belt and stocking tops, when Beth answered the phone.

"Hi Beth it's Peter, just ringing to confirm the arrangements for tonight." As I was talking to her, I began to run my hand across Sandra ass.

"Oh good, I'm glad you're still coming. I did think Sandra might have kept you bed bound for the rest of the night." Beth replied, with a hint of humor.

"Especially after seeing how she was getting you all hot and bothered at the pub." She said as I started to squeeze one of Sandra's fleshy mounds.

"I do hope that Sandra hasn't tired you out too much, Peter?" Beth continued. 

"Thanks for asking, but no she hasn't tired me out totally." I told her, it did seem a bit strange to be talking to Beth like this. Especially to somebody who I'd only just met last night, but then again it's not every day I get to fuck another woman.

"Well I hope you have some energy for me, I wouldn't mind a repeat performance." She said in a sexy voice.

This was all new to me, but the thought of fucking her again got my cock stirring. It was now that Sandra began to move, she was responding to what my hand was doing to her ass.

"So would I, but I still need to know where and when?" I asked her.

Then Beth went into details, where the meeting was going to be and how many people would be there.

As I was writing down the directions, Sandra was now fully awake and asked. "Who are you talking to Peter?"

"It's Beth, I'm just getting directions for tonight." I replied.

"When you're finished, I wouldn't mind a quick word with her." She said, as she sat up in bed. 

After saying my goodbyes to Beth, I handed the phone over to Sandra. Now with my hands free and Sandra sat up in bed, I bent down to suck on one of her nipples whilst my fingers pinched the other. She moaned as I played with them, and began to run her fingers through my hair.

I was enjoying playing with her nipples, but at that moment my bladder decided to put a hold on my activities. I needed to go for a pee, so reluctantly got out of bed and headed to the bathroom. 

Standing there as I relieved myself, I contemplated the last 24 hours. It was when I was finishing and trying to drain the last drops, that Sandra walked in. She stood behind me still naked except for her stockings and suspenders.

As she cuddled up to me I felt the warmth of her body against my back, then shivered as she kissed my neck. Turning towards her, I grabbed hold of her ass cheeks and pulled her tightly against me. Squeezing those firm buttocks, as her soft tits pressed into me. I kissed her, but Sandra soon pulled away as she felt my cock start to poke at her.

"Later, anyway we both need a shower and I could do with going to the toilet myself." She said to me.

Reluctantly I let go of her, and turned on the shower. As I waited for it to warm up, I stared at Sandra's freshly waxed pussy as she sat on the toilet. She noticed me looking and opened her legs further, my cock was starting to stir again as I stared at her smooth pussy.

It was then that she noticed her black dildo, I'd stuck on the tiled wall earlier that afternoon after washing it. "What's that doing there?" She asked me, 

"I've given it a wash, thought it could hang around whilst it dried." Then gave the drooping head a slight slap, and watched with amusement as the black monster swayed from side to side.

Sandra just shook her head at me, then stood up and removed her stockings. We both had our showers and got ready for our evening meal. As we dressed she put on one of her old dresses, telling me that she didn't want me to get over excited.

Once we'd had our meal and were back in our room, Sandra soon stripped and started to put back on her stockings and suspenders. As she was doing this, I got out the clothes I wanted her to wear. The see-through white blouse and a black lycra miniskirt that she'd bought earlier.

As I handed them over to her. "No bra or knickers, if you're going to be a slut tonight you may as well look like one."

She just smiled at me as I watched her get dressed, finally she finished off by slipping on a pair of black high heeled stilettoes. By now my cock was straining in my pants as I stared at Sandra.

She certainly looked like a slut. With her large tits showing through the translucent white blouse, to the black miniskirt that barely covering her stocking tops. What made it worse was when she turned around and bent over to look at the mirror, her miniskirt rode up and I got a bird's eye view of her pussy lips. I suddenly had to rearrange my stiff cock as it strained in my trousers.

Sandra wiggled her ass at me as she applied a thick layer of red lipstick to her lips, then looking at me through the mirror. Pouted her lips and blew me a kiss. "This slutty enough for you?" She teased as she then turned around and walked slowly towards me.

I didn't get chance to reply, as I was moaning from her hand rubbing over my stiff cock. Kneeling down in front of me she began to unzip my trousers, pulling them and my underpants straight down to expose my raging hard on. I watched with excitement as she used her wet tongue to lick around those bright red lips, only to moan again as that wet tongue slowly licked around my balls. I just closed my eyes and tilted my head back enjoying that wonderful sensation as her wet tongue glided across my balls.

I gasped as she then popped one of them into her mouth, gently swirled her wet tongue around my captured testicle. Coating it with her saliva, before releasing it and giving my other ball the same wet mouth treatment. My cock was throbbing as she soaked my balls.

Emptying her mouth, she began to lick her way up my throbbing shaft. Finally using her tongue to smear my leaking precum over the head of my cock, but it was when she popped into her warm mouth. I just groaned out loudly, constantly moaning as she swirled that tongue around my bell end. God this was bliss, I just stood there and enjoyed the sensation.

But soon I wanted more and my hips started to slowly fuck her mouth, I was really enjoying myself, when Sandra took me by surprise and plunged her mouth onto my cock, grunting out loud as I hit the back of her mouth. 

With me now held at the entrance of her throat, I just cried out in pleasure as she started to swallow me. Looking down as I watched my shaft disappear between those bright red lips, it was then from the corner of my eye I noticed the reflection in the mirror. A vision that really turned me on, my sexy slut wife bobbing her head as she tried to deepthroat me. I just watched the reflection, as my hips rocked back and forth fucking her mouth.

When this would get too much for her she would pull away gasping for breath, before plunging my saliva coated cock back into her throat. I was fascinated with looking at the mirror, with my face hidden it was like watching her with a stranger. I was so fucking turned on, now I understood the thrill of being a wife watcher. 

It wasn't until I felt her nose pressed hard into my stomach that I realized that she'd taken all of my cock down her throat. It was straining and swelling to bursting point, I knew then that I wouldn't last long and at that point my body just took over and I started to fuck her throat.

"Oh you fucking slut, oh god yes. Uh, uh, uh, uh. Ahhhhhhhhhhhh." My hips jerking as I screamed out loud, shooting my load straight down her throat.

This was too much for Sandra and she coughed as soon as I started to erupt, pushing me back so that my spurting cock left her throat and back into her mouth. I tried to push back in but she wouldn't let me, instead she wrapped her hand around my exposed shaft and began to pump.

With her lips still tightly around my shaft, she continued to swallow as she milked me. Passed the initial climax I was enjoying the come down as I groaned in pleasure, my body would do an involuntary jerks each time her tongue flicked me. But all too soon my cock began to wilt, and Sandra let my cock slip from her lips.

I was knackered, Sandra had sucked me dry. I just stood there not wanting to move as I enjoyed the anticlimax, it was then that she stood up. Wrapping her arms around my neck, pushing her spunk covered tongue into my mouth. As we kissed and our tongues mingled, and I got to taste my own spunk.

Her skirt had ridden up, and my hands were now squeezing the bare flesh of her ass. As we continued to kiss my fingers delved deeper, then one of them made contact with her anus and pushed. But before I could go any further, Sandra stepped back.

"Cheeky, maybe later. But we'd better get going if we don't want to be late." She said to me.

I was a bit disappointed at not being able to play with her ass, but then I had the pleasure of watching her pull her skirt down. She half crouched, then wriggled her hips as she began to pull the hem down. As her stocking tops disappeared, I watched avidly as her large tits swayed from side to side.

She was still half crouched when she looked up at me. "What you smiling at?" She asked.

"Just admiring my sexy slut's charms." I answered.

"Well master, don't you think you'd better put your own charms away. Otherwise the guests might have a fit if you walk into the foyer with them hanging out like that." She said to me with a smile on her face.

As I pull up my pants she applied a fresh layer of lipstick, before putting on her long coat over her slut outfit. Then picked up a shopping bag, and noticed that I was looking at it. "Beth suggested this, she told me by the end of the night things tend to get a bit messy."

I looked in the bag, it contained a towel and some baby wipes. A pair of knickers and the lube we'd used earlier that afternoon. 

With that we were ready, so opening the door we headed out to our dogging session.

As I was driving the car, we talked about what had happened over the weekend so far. I mentioned to Sandra at my surprise at how her attitude to sex had changed. She replied. "It was when I saw Jim's cock, I was just stunned by how big it was. Then when he called me a slut, all I was thinking about was would it fit in my pussy."

As she was saying this, I watched as her legs opened and her hands disappear between them.

"You do realize that there will be more men there tonight, and most of them will want to fuck you. How do you feel about that?" I asked her, as her hands started to play with her pussy.

She let out a little moan before answering. "Excited and a bit apprehensive, but as long as your there I'll be alright. Anyway what about you, how do you feel about seeing me with other men?" She replied, I could see that her eyes had closed and she had started to breathe faster.

I decided to get her going. "If watching you get fucked by Jim last night was anything to go by, I can't wait to see you act the slut."

That did it, she was rubbing faster now. "I just hope that after Jim's fucked you, and George has stretched your slut pussy that you'll still want my cock, I mean I can't compete with the size of their cocks." As I said this, Sandra started to scream.

Her body was lifting off the seat as she yelled herself through the orgasm, her fingers were franticly rubbing at her pussy. I was having difficulty driving from watching what she was doing, so I quickly found a spot and parked up. Only to hear her scream her way to another orgasm, it wasn't only the sound I was experiencing but the sweet smell wafting from her pussy as well. 

After a few more spasms she started to calm down and was now slowly rubbing at her pussy. Finally closing her legs together with her fingers still lodged between her thighs, she let out a long sigh and relaxed back into the seat.

She then looked over to me. "That was all your fault, you shouldn't have mentioned about Jim and George's cocks." 

I just grinned at her.

"God my pussy is still throbbing." She said before resting her head back against the seat.

As she relaxed I leaned across and started to caress her tits, squeezing and rolling her nipples with my fingers. I was amazed at how hard and erect they'd gotten.

But it wasn't long before Sandra spoke to me again. "Peter, you'd better hand me a tissue. I'm leaking and I don't want to make a mess on the seat."

Letting go of her breast I handed over a tissue, and watched as she dabbed away between her legs.

Whilst she was doing this she said something that didn't surprised me. "By the way Peter, did you know Beth has taken a real shine to you?"

I had gotten that impression from when she had spoken to me, it was whilst I was thinking about Beth. That Sandra placed her wet fingers under my nose, smelling that sweet aroma. I got this vivid image of Beth when she had her orgasm, filling my mouth with juices as I shoved my tongue up her sloppy cunt.

Remembering this I began to lick Sandra's wet fingers, enjoying the sweet tang of her pussy juices. Before she pushed them into my mouth and I sucked them dry, she didn't leave them there long before she removed them.

"Peter, we need to get going. All that talk about Jim and George's cocks has got me turned on, I can't stop thinking about them." She said as she fidgeted in her seat.

If Sandra sounded eager, it wasn't as much as I wanted to see her get fucked. The thought of watching Sandra being gangbanged was turning me on, especially if I was fucking Beth at the same time. So I didn't waste any more time and continued on our journey.

We soon found the site, it was in a quiet wooded area. As we entered the car park we could see two groups of people milling around, one of the groups were crowded around a picnic table. I could just about see a woman laid on her back, later we got to find out that she was called Jane. Two of the men were holding her stockinged legs wide open whilst a third guy was pounding away between them. It was then that I saw Jim, he was stood by her head obviously getting his cock sucked, there were a couple other men who were stood around the table just watching and wanking their cocks.

As we got out of the car, I could now hear Jane's muffled cries as she was being fucked. It was then that I noticed Beth in the middle of the second group, she was knelt down surrounded by half a dozen men including George. She was sucking their cocks, swapping from one to another. 

George then saw us and headed over to us, his semi erect cock was hanging out of his trousers. As he came closer it bounced in front of him, although it wasn't fully erect. It was still an impressive size, and I watched Sandra's face as her eyes followed it.

"Sandra, Peter I'm glad you made it. This being your first time it does look a bit daunting, but just enjoy yourselves. You're under no pressure." George said to us.

I had to smile as I watched Sandra, she was nodding her head whilst still looking at his cock. But I could also see that George was impressed with Sandra's tits.

"I must say I do like your outfit, mmmm very nice." He said as he eyed up Sandra. "Beth was telling me that you've got your pussy waxed, do you mind if I have a look?" George asked.

Not taking her eyes of his cock, Sandra bent down and lifted the hem of her skirt. With her pussy exposed, opened her legs for his inspection.

George had a big grin on his face as he stared down at her bald pussy, then asked. "May I?"

Sandra just nodded, then George ran a fingers along her wet pussy. She moaned as his finger parted her lips, working it along her slit it was soon coated in her pussy juices. I think that if he'd carried on, Sandra would have had an orgasm by the sounds she was making. But he stopped to the disappointment of Sandra, and took his finger and sucked it into his mouth.

"Sweet." Was all he said, then taking hold of one of Sandra's hands. Led her to an empty picnic table, before lifting her up to sit on the edge. Sandra just stared down at his cock, as he opened her legs before kneeling down between them.

Sandra moaned out loud as his long tongue started to slide between the folds of her wet pussy, her hands held onto his head as she suddenly gasped. His tongue had found her clit, and was teasing it. 

I suddenly realized that I was not the only one watching what was going on, a couple of the guys who had been stood around Beth. Had wandered across to us, they now stood next to us. With their cocks in hand, as they watched George and Sandra.

Sandra was also looking at them, then down to their hard cocks. It was whilst she was looking at them, that she started to unbutton her blouse. With her tits now fully exposed, she laid back on the table. Gasping and moaning as George continued to lap at her pussy. 

Seeing that Sandra had removed her blouse, the two guys soon started to maul her tits. Pinching and squeezing them as they continued to wank their cocks.

With George lapping away between her legs and the attention her tits were getting, it wasn't long before she had her first orgasm. It was whilst she was coming that she grasped for the nearest cock, and was soon wanking it off.

Not to be out done the other guy moved around to her head, offering his cock to her mouth. He was soon rewarded, and I watched as Sandra opened those bright red lips for him. Watching as my slut wife eagerly took another man's cock into her mouth, my own cock was straining so I released it and began to slowly wanked myself.

But I was soon distracted by the man who was fucking Jane as he started to yell at her. "Oh you fucking slut, here it comes. Ahhhhhhhh." He was slamming into her as he filled her pussy with his spunk.

But as I turned back to watch Sandra, the guy in her mouth was groaning out loud. He suddenly pulled his cock out of her mouth, gasping as a jet of spunk launched across Sandra's face.

He let out more groans as he wanked his cock, squeezing more spunk into Sandra's open mouth. I watched as she swallowed then lick the end of his cock, before taking it back into her mouth. You could see him stood there eyes closed, as he enjoyed what Sandra's mouth was doing to his cock.

Then there was a bit of a jostle from some of the other men, which had moved across to join in the action. Who was going to be next one, to get the use of her mouth. It seemed that Sandra was fast becoming the center of attention, even Jim had moved across and was stood next to me, watching and wanking as Sandra took another cock into her open mouth.

Whilst she started to blow the next guy Jim tapped George on the shoulder, seeing it was Jim. He stood up and got out of the way, George's mouth was coated with Sandra's pussy juices. He was licking his lips, as we watched Jim now stand between Sandra's open legs.

Sandra had stopped sucking the guy in her mouth and had lifted herself up, she was staring down as he began to lube up his 11" of black meat. Before letting out a long groan, as Jim started to move the head of his cock along the folds of her pussy. Her wet lips soon parting as he found the entrance to her cunt.

Then a slight push and he was in, Sandra grunted as he entered her. Then laid back down as Jim lifted her legs on to his shoulders. This time his 11" cock easily slid into her pussy, he didn't stop till his balls were resting against her ass. Sandra didn't get the chance to moan as the bloke who'd she had been sucking pushed his cock back into her mouth.

George had also moved himself to the side of the table, now placing his 12" cock into her hand. As soon as she realized it was George's monster cock she was holding, there was this muffled scream as her body shook on the table. She was having one hell of an orgasm. 
