 My girlfriend, Susan is in my opinion the best of the best. She stands 5’2” tall, with blonde hair and hazel eyes, 38DD tits, 30 inch waist, and 34 inch hips (I love ‘em like that). My name is David and I stand 5’6” tall with brown hair, blue eyes, 32 inch waist, and a better than average length cock. Well anyway, back to the reason that I’m writing this down. Susan and I were sitting at one of our favorite bars, the “Checkpoint Lounge”, talking about our favorite subject; SEX. The topics ran from sexual experiences that we had together and apart. We finally got around to a subject that she always shied away from; same sex coupling. I asked her, “If you had your pick of females to have sex with, who would it be?” She said, “I would have to say Amber, our friend from New Zealand. I had a REALLY sexy dream about her and had to get myself off afterward.” “Have you ever wanted to ask her about a night with you?” I asked. “I don’t think she would go for that. I think she might be a little too “straight” for that.” "Why don't we ask her and find out?" We agreed that Susan would do the asking, and gave her a call. Susan came back a few minutes later and said, "Amber said she would meet us at the bar later."

When we arrived, the place was already in full swing. The band was playing a classic rock tune from “AC/DC” as we went to our usual table. A few minutes later Susan noticed Amber first as she walked through the door. What a sight! Amber had on (to my surprise, and Susan’s) a red, low cut knee length, almost too tight dress that showed off her abundant tits and ass. I was in heaven, and everyone (including most of the women)in the place was staring jealously at me as I danced with the two most beautiful women in the place. We took a break from dancing (and ogling) after a bit, to catch our breath and eat in the adjoining restaurant. When we took our seats in the booth, I deliberately sat across from the girls. As we ate, there was the usual polite chatter, then Amber asked, “So what have you two been up to since the last time we gathered?” I almost choked on my food. “Nothing much.” said Susan. “Just decided to come out and play this evening.” I quickly added. “Well I’m starting to feel like a prize piece of “meat” in here. Did you see how everyone was staring at us?” said Susan. “Oh, but you are dear!” said Amber in a reassuring tone and gave her a hug. Then she whispered in Susan’s ear (loud enough for me to hear),“It makes me “WET” to think that so many people want me.” We went back to the bar and the band was playing a slow song. I asked Susan if she would like to dance. While on the dance floor, I asked her what she thought of what Amber was wearing. “I was wondering when you’d ask me that. She looks especially HOT!” I squeezed her ass as I kissed her and asked. “Can we take her home with us tonight?” Susan looked at me passionately and said, “Anything for you.”

After one last dance, we were ready to leave. Since Amber had the least to drink she got to drive. I had her make a stop at the nearest liquor store so I could replenish the cabinet at home. When I got to the cashier, I noticed him looking out the window at Susan and Amber, so I asked him if he thought they were too young to be with me. He replied, “No, it’s just that they’re making out!” When I looked outside, my dick immediately got hard. The girls had gotten into the back seat! Amber was kissing her and had her hand inside Susan’s jacket fondling her large breasts. As I watched, Susan pulled up Amber’s dress and started playing with her pussy. Not wanting things to go too far without me there, I paid the grateful cashier and made my way back to the car. Susan and Amber were still at it when I got in. On the way home, I watched as Susan got on her back while Amber made her way down Susan’s stomach to her clean shaven pussy. Amber squealed in delight and said, “I like a well kept pussy.” Susan pinched her large nipples and looked at me through the rear-view mirror with glassy eyes. Amber then inserted two fingers into Susan’s pussy and licked her frantically. Two minutes later, Susan came because of Amber’s attentive fingers and tongue. “Oh YES, Amber, lick my pussy good! I’m CUMMMMMMIIINNNNGGGG!!!!” “I gotta concentrate on my driving." I thought to myself.

When we got to the apartment garage, I quickly grabbed the things from the store, and with the girls in tow, headed for the elevator and upstairs. In the elevator, Susan gave Amber a nod and pushed the “stop” button on the panel. I was somewhat in shock as first Susan, then Amber began to undo my pants and take out my cock. With my arms full, I was helpless as Amber sucked me into her warm and waiting mouth. Susan took the bags from me and set them on the elevator floor and bared her tits for me to suck. She looked down at Amber and said, “Now isn’t that the best looking cock ever?” With Amber’s muffled reply I reached under Susan’s skirt and played with her wet pussy. Amber’s hands were busy too, reaching up to fondle my balls with one, and playing with Susan’s ass with the other. Just before I could cum in Amber’s lovely mouth, the elevator phone rang and I answered it. It was the apartment manager wondering if everything was all right. I assured him that it was and that I accidentally bumped up against the wrong button. I started the elevator again after saying good night to the manager.

Amber said she had to pee really bad and asked where the bathroom was once inside the apartment. I set the groceries on the dining room table, and Susan pointed her in the right direction. “What did you two talk about while I was in the store?” I asked. “I told her about the dream I had with her in it, then she asked me if she could fulfill my dream.” she said. When Amber returned from the bathroom, she had on Susan’s bathrobe. “Hope you don’t mind dear, I accidentally wet myself on the way to the loo.” We laughed at her comment and told her that as long as she’s our friend, she’s welcome to use what she likes. She walked over, put her arms around Susan and I, and asked, “Even if it’s the both of you?” “Yes.” I said, and kissed her deeply. “Let’s take this to the bedroom, shall we?” Susan suggested. Without an answer we followed her lead. Amber took off her borrowed robe (showing her nakedness to me for the first time), then helped Susan undress as I lit the candles that were placed around the room. 

When I finished, I undressed and joined the girls on the bed. They had already started to kiss and fondle each other once more. I started to lay next to Susan when she suggested that since Amber was the “Guest of Honor”, I should lay next to her. As I climbed over Susan, Amber reached up, took hold of my cock and began to stroke it. While she did this, Susan was kissing and pinching Amber’s eraser like nipples, and I rubbed her swollen clit. I whispered a question into Amber’s ear. “Has she eaten your pussy yet?” “No, but I’m going to ask her to right now.” Amber then shifted herself around so that they were in the “69” position, and began to lick at Susan’s pussy. I got in front of Susan and between Amber’s legs so I could taste her. I flicked my tongue across Amber’s clit a couple of times before inserting my middle finger inside her. I inserted another finger as I took her clit into my mouth, and she orgasmed. I looked for a moment and kissed Susan. She hungrily kissed me back, licking Amber’s juices from my lips. She then bent down and tasted another woman’s pussy for the first time. Susan turned out to be a natural, she parted Amber’s outer labia with the first two fingers of her right hand and teased her hole with her left. After watching Susan take Amber’s clit into her mouth, I moved behind her so I could get into the action myself.

When I got into position behind Susan, Amber stuck her tongue out. Taking the hint, I lowered my hardness into her waiting mouth. The suction that Amber applied was almost enough to send me over the edge, but I pulled back just in time. When Amber released me, I reached down between Susan's legs.She was so wet that her juices were running copiously down her thighs. I then inserted my cock into that tight, warm familiar place. Amber said, “Susan might be new to eating pussy, but she’s doing a fine job on me.” Amber then reached up and pulled Susan downward so she could get at her pussy, licking at the place where Susan and I joined. Every few strokes, Amber pulled me out of Susan’s snatch to suck Susan’s juices from my rigid member. I reached down and played with Susan’s clit for a little bit, making her even wetter, then inserted my soaked fingers into Susan’s ass. Her muffled moan told me that I hadn't done anything to offend her, and she pushed back against me even harder. I knew Susan had to be close to cumming when she began to cry out louder with each stroke of my cock. “Oh yeah, FUCK me David, FUCK me like the slut I am! I’m gonna CUUUMMM all over YOU!!” “ME TOO!” said Amber. Just before they did, I pulled out of Susan, and let Amber finish her off. I then went around to watch Susan. She had Amber pushing her hips up off the bed as she fucked her with three fingers of her left hand. Then Amber bit down on Susan's clit enough to make Susan cum fiercely. For about five minutes I watched as these two lovely women shook in ecstasy.