 Day 8 -- December 30.

I think we fell asleep about 2 or so. I'm not really sure. The alarm went off at 6 and I reset it for 7:15. I told Marti I was going to meet Cheryl at the gym. She said she'd come with me. We fell back to sleep until 7:15 and got up and went to the gym. Marti was sore enough and tired enough that she wasn't up for early morning sex. I wasn't sure if we'd have another chance before we left, but what the hell.

We got to the gym and Marti took her place on the recumbent bike again. I warmed up and watched Cheryl's ass as she did her leg workout, between abductions, adductions, leg extensions, etc., I was getting really horny, especially after no morning sex with Marti. It was back and bi day for me, so I started with weighted pull ups, then rows. I looked over at Cheryl periodically and we'd exchange looks in the mirrors. Oh, my god, she was doing Romanian dead lifts. I was thinking naughty thoughts for sure then. Every time she lowered the weight I imagined ramming my cock into her from behind. She noticed me looking in the mirror and wiggled her ass every time she lowered the weight. 

Chuck came in and flirted with Marti. Jackie and Brian came in and Brian stopped by to see Marti and then went to work out with his wife. Jackie came over to me briefly to tell me that she was sorry she and I didn't have more time last night, but that she did enjoy the hot tub. 

Jennifer came in to work out as well and stopped by to say hello. She also said hello to Chuck and Marti on the recumbent bikes. 

It was after 9 by the time we left the gym. About all we had time for was breakfast then a few hours to pack, say final good-byes or maybe a walk along the beach. After breakfast we returned to our room to pack, then decide what to do.

_____________________________________________________________________________________

We had about three hours before we had to leave. Marti was completely packed and ready to go except for a change of clothes. We went out by the pool and she was obviously showing off. She had on a white bikini that she said she wasn't sure if she was going to wear on the trip because it became almost transparent when wet. She was also saying good bye to a number of the couples we had met even briefly during the week. She went in the pool to get wet and she was clearly showing off. Greg and Bill were in the pool so she went over and talked to them. She gave them both kisses and I thought she might be rubbing their cocks under the water. She gave the same treatment to a couple of other guys she had danced with and fucked in the initial gangbang. She wasn't being shy. I wasn't really sure what my wife was up to, but she was clearly up to something. She got out of the pool and her nipples were showing through the white fabric. You could also tell by her camel toe that she had a shaved pussy. She was right. It was almost see through. 

We went back to our room and she took her swim suit off and hung it up to dry. She lay on the bed naked. She asked me to fuck her. I started very slowly and nicely. She said no she wanted me to fuck her hard like I did the night she did the gangbang. I fucked her fast as rubbed her clit fast and we both came.

I hadn't heard the door open as I was fucking her so hard and fast. Right behind me was Chuck, then Pete, then Brian, Then Jack, then Joe. The other women were sitting around the room or in chairs. The guys all started to take their turns with Marti. Fast and furious. I thought OK, one last good bye fuck for each of them. 

Jackie came over to me and asked me to play with her. She ended up riding my cock on the floor next to the bed. I wasn't able to cum, but it was nice to have a final ride and have her orgasm on my cock.

It was Joe's turn with Marti, and I thought wow, this wife of mine is wild. Then the door opened again and six guys came in. they were some of the college guys. Greg and Bill were included. They all got their turns. Greg and Bill especially fucked her hard with their large cocks. They were really fast, but fucking with Greg again really turned her on. 

"Fuck, I love your big cock, thank you for your big cock, fill me up, fill me, ah." She always had an orgasm with Greg's cock.

Greg and Bill's friend who was after older ladies then had Kathy ride him next to the bed. Kathy gave hand jobs to two other boys while she was riding. All of the wives got involved as fluffers, either giving guys hand jobs or blowjobs getting guys ready. If there wasn't a guy waiting in line, they gave their husbands handjobs while they watched.

Before the college guys were finished, the door opened and a couple guys from out by the pool came in. Greg and Bill were still hard and Kathy, who had just finished with the three college kids, rode Greg. 

Jackie sat Bill in a chair and rode him. Then a few more guys came in. Interestingly enough, a few guys brought their wives in to watch. One of them came over to me and said, "Wow, you're a good husband" and began rubbing my cock. She pulled it out and sucked it on her knees. Sarah came over and once my cock was good and hard practically threw me on the floor and rode me. I couldn't cum anymore, but she rode me like it was a rodeo.

Jackie was finished with Bill and Kathy finished with Greg. Greg got back in line to fuck Marti.

Another guy was football player sized. 6' 6" and about 280. I hoped he didn't crush my wife. His cock was as big as Greg's. He was really pounding her too. "oh, god, yes. Where were you all week? That cock is amazing, amazing." Then a few minutes later she came on his huge cock too. This guy pulled out and shot streams across Marti's abdomen and tits.

I had lost count now. Greg entered Marti for the second time. "Oh it's you again. I thought I had gotten rid of you." She said.

"Not that easily," he responded as he fucked her into the mattress again. Again Greg brought her to orgasm as she screamed about his huge cock. 

Tutku and Nancy came into the room. Tutku got in line behind Greg. Nancy came over to me and gave me a blow job. "I needed to say good-bye," she said. 

Greg finished Marti and led her to yet another orgasm. Greg then also came on her stomach and tits.

I thought that was it when the two room service waiters arrived. After Tutku finished, the smaller waiter jumped on. 

She continued to suck me, but when her dad was finished she got off her knees. 

"Sorry," she said. "I have to go. Is that your phone over there?"

I nodded yes, and Nancy walked over and put her phone number in my phone. "I'll be in Colorado, I think. I'll call or text you."

One of the wives who had come to watch grabbed Greg's cock to help get him hard again. 

The large waiter pounded away at my wife. He wasn't quite as ruthless as before. 

Arcella came in with the waiters and I realized that she was the waiter's girlfriend. Yes, her boyfriend was bigger than me. She led me to the bathroom and laid me on the floor. 

"I've wanted to do this since Marti told me about your cock. My boyfriend said it would be OK and told me about the story that girl told about the beach and then about fucking your wife. He's very honest and couldn't keep it from me."

She was massaging my cock. She lifted up her skirt and showed her pantiless pussy with a cute little black haired landing strip. She straddled me and rubbed her pussy against my stiffening member. 

"ah," she moaned as she reached up and pulled her t-shirt off of her exposing her medium brown upper body with beautiful small breasts with dark, almost black nipples. She leaned her head back as she ground into my cock that hardened even faster than I expected. Given the three erections I'd had without cumming, I now realized that I probably could cum for her. 

Arcella lifted up to slide my now throbbing cock against her opening and then after a few seconds of playing at her opening gave me the pleasure of her pussy. She rocked on my slowly at first.

"Oh, this is perfect," she said, smiling at me. 

"yes, it is," I agreed.

She almost fell on my as she leaned down to kiss me. I loved her dark eyes looking into mine as we kissed for a long time. Our tongues doing their best to create as much pleasure as possible and my cock getting even harder and larger.

"Oh, even more perfect," she said. She worked fast. "my boyfriend will finish fast with your wife so unfortunately, I'm going to have to make this faster than I would want."

Arcella picked up the speed of her grinding and beginning to moan and enjoy my cock. She was ignoring me now with her head tiled back and her eyes closed. She was riding me for all she was worth, seeking only her own pleasure, but giving me much as well. 

"Oh, yes, I'm going to cum," she said and she did. She rocked on me, never opening her eyes. Her small breasts shook as her body jerked with pleasure. 

Only a few minutes later after rocking gently on my cock did she open her eyes and look back at me.

"You didn't get to cum," she said.

"That's OK," I answered. "It was amazing just watching you."

"you have to come back to Cabo," she said. "My boyfriend wants to fuck your wife again and after that I need to fuck you again. Your cock isn't as big as Francisco's, but it fits me perfectly. I was able to grind my bud against your pelvis and get your cock to rub my g-spot at the same time. Oh, my god, it was amazing."

"Glad I could serve you," I said. 

"We'd better get back in there," she said. "I bet Cisco is finished."

Reluctantly, I let her get off me and get her shirt back on. I stopped her just long enough to let me taste her pussy for just a few licks. 

"OK. We really have to stop," she said her face looking as reluctant as I felt. 

I stood up and kissed her.

"Thank you," I said. "That was nice. I do hope we can come back."

When we came out, Cisco was waiting and seemed satisfied. Marti was on to yet another cock. The line hand dwindled though.

Greg was again ready and fucked my wife a third time. "Oh, Greg, I do love your cock. Come home with me," Marti said. "No. Just cum in me." She said as she had another orgasm.

Brian got back in line and I looked at my watch. It was getting close to time to catch the shuttle for the airport. I told Brian he had to be quick. He said he would be. 

Cheryl and Chuck were finishing up with Jennifer and jack. 

Greg finished up, then Brian was quick as promised.

Cheryl crawled up on the bed and kissed Marti and told her how much she loved her and how much she wanted to play with her all day. Cheryl then went down and cleaned up the cum from all of the guys. I bet they'd need to throw away those sheets. Everyone said their good byes. Marti was still resting on the bed with Cheryl beside her cuddling. It was just Pete, Kathy, Chuck and Cheryl left with us. I gathered all of the video cameras from each of the rooms as everyone had been good enough to bring them to our room.

I really wanted to fuck both Kathy and Cheryl one more time as we kissed good bye, but we really had to get to the airport and Marti still had to clean herself up. To my surprise, she didn't want to clean up anymore. She put a pad in her panties and said she wanted to enjoy as much of her mess on the way home as possible. She got dressed, we grabbed her bags and we left for the airport shuttle. We got on the plane to get home. Pete was on our flight, but he wasn't next to us this time. 

We had the middle and aisle seats again. I took the middle seat to keep Marti away from the handsome young guy sitting in the window seat. We cuddled most of the way. We didn't talk really about the week other than to say that we'd need to talk when we got home and that this was a wonderful trip. She showed me Greg's phone number in her phone. She said that she and Jackie should have a girls' weekend in Dallas. I fell asleep for a while and when I woke up I went to the rest room. 

When I got back, Marti was in the middle seat talking to the handsome guy in the window seat. She introduced him as Jim. He was twenty years old and went to CU Boulder. He was from southern California. Marti touched his arm and from the look of his crotch, she may have been touching that too. She continued to touch his arm as she talked. At some point, he began reciprocating as well. 

I wanted to feel her messy pussy, so at one point with it being so dark on the plane with lights out, I put a blanket over us and put my hand in her pants. She let me and I felt the cum. I pulled my hand out and licked off the cum. I did it slowly enough that I think the guy in the window seat noticed. I hoped he did. Marti touched his arm again and said don't mind my husband. He's just cleaning up. I could swear the guy lifted his ass off the seat for a moment. I could see the outline of a good-sized bulge in his pants. 

"Do you want to see?" She asked. 

He nodded, not believing his luck. Marti kept the blanket over her while she raised her sundress above her waist and lowered her panties below her bottom. Then she looked around. I leaned forward in my seat to block anyone looking across the aisle. 

She said, "Look." And lowered the blanket for just a few seconds.

Jim looked over at Marti's shaved pussy and the cum seeping into her panties. 

"Do you want to touch it?" Marti asked. Jim nodded and reached under the blanket. 

"Do you know how to rub a girl's clit?" Marti asked. Jim again nodded. He began rubbing her clit. There was no more talking. When Marti's orgasm hit, she grabbed me to kiss me to help muffle her moans. 

"Thank you, young man. Would you like me to take care of this?" she said as she rubbed his cock from the outside of his pants. Again he nodded. Marti pulled up her panties and straightened her dress and reached for Jim's cock. Jim had already taken it out and was stroking it. Marti took over. I think she knew how dangerous this was as she stroked Jim fast and hard. I handed Jim some tissues from Marti's purse. He held them under the blanket against the head of his cock. Jim jerked in his seat and it was obvious that he was cumming. 

He said, "Thank you." He wadded up the tissues filled with cum, but not until Marti had pulled some onto her fingers and sucked it into her mouth. 

The remainder of the flight was uneventful as much as I could tell. I slept most of it so had no idea what Marti and Jim might have done. 

We got home at almost midnight and were tired. So, we went straight to bed without unpacking. I was horny from not having cum earlier, so Marti eagerly gave me a blow job and we went straight to sleep.

The next day we both had a lot of work to catch up on, but that night we talked.

We agreed it was fun. We had to process a lot. Marti said the gangbang thing was fun, but maybe only on vacations away from home if ever again. She did think that she wanted to see Pete again. I was OK with that. She liked him a lot and there was some danger, but I knew we were in love. I said I'd like to see Kathy again, but knew that would take more effort since she was in California. We both thought we'd make sure to visit Chuck and Cheryl when we visit Marti's parents in Fort Worth. 

As for the other six, Marti said she had developed a little thing for Brian, and would like to see him again. She liked that 6' 4" frame. I said I liked all of those women in different ways and Marti understood why. They were all pleasant and Jackie had those beautiful long legs, Sarah had that cute roundish figure. Jennifer had those wonderful eyes and facial features. Besides they all now were well into fucking. They were in Phoenix and that could be convenient as long as our daughter lived there.

We also agreed that we would make sure any new people we added to the mix were safe, both discreet as well as without disease. We agreed that for the most part, we would ask for express permission to play around. We agreed to some exceptions, especially if we met someone overly hot that we knew was safe and would probably be a onetime event. So, far, other than mentioned below, we haven't taken advantage of that freedom. We're enjoying our new found love for sex with each other.

That was about three months ago. We've watched all of the video. That got us really hot. Our friends were as wild as we were. Some crazy stuff happened on that vacation that we didn't even know about. I received permission from our friends to share with anyone in the group who wanted a copies. Strange that when I asked no one refused a copy. 

Marti has been up to spend the weekend with Pete twice. One weekend, she ended up fucking two of Pete's friends as well. I'm still not sure from the way she tells the story whether Pete planned that or not, but she was a willing participant. 

I've been out once to California on business and to visit my brother. I saw Kathy one evening while I was there and the sex was just as good as Cabo. It was a lot less chaotic than Cabo as well. Kathy is dating a guy now, but she said that until they are serious and talking about long term relationships, she hasn't decided what to tell him about me. I let her know that as far as I was concerned, if she found someone that she wanted to be monogamous with, I was more than happy for her. I'd miss her, but I would remember our times together fondly and consider it a pleasure to have met her and even continuing a friendship as couples if she wanted to. 

Marti has been to Fort Worth to see her parents once since then, but I wasn't able to go. She stayed with Chuck and Cheryl. She had sex with each of them separately as well as a threesome on the first night and then again just before she left. I was more than a bit jealous. Marti gave me a wild fucking when she got home and told me that was from Cheryl. I called Cheryl to let her know that I was sorry I couldn't receive her gift in person. 

We are going together to Fort Worth next week. We'll be staying with Chuck and Cheryl for four days, so that should be fun.

Marti and Jackie haven't made that girls trip to Dallas yet to see Greg and Bill. Marti thought about seeing Greg while she was in Fort Worth, but decided that between her parents and Chuck and Cheryl she was plenty busy. She wasn't nearly as addicted to his huge cock since she'd been home as she was while on vacation.

Nancy was looking at Colorado School of Mines as a college option, so I drove to Golden to meet her at her hotel for a night. I couldn't believe that hot little eighteen-year-old wanted to see me again. She hadn't had sex with her father again, but she asked me to treat me as if I was her daughter while we were out on the town, which was a little strange. Fortunately, she acted completely as if I was not her father when we got to her hotel room.

We've talked about seeing if some or all of our new friends would like to join us on another vacation some time somewhere, sort of like a little reunion. They seem to be up for it, but nothing is scheduled. We do call them once in a while to stay in touch. 

We haven't made it to see our daughter and her husband in Phoenix yet, but I think we'll try to get down there for Memorial Day. I'm looking forward to seeing Jackie again and I know Marti wants to see Brian too. I have a feeling we'll need to get the others involved as well, but it would also be nice if we don't spend all of the time in the bedroom. So, the details of that trip could get tricky.

Even three months later, we are still working through all of the implications of what happened on vacation, but interestingly enough we don't consider ourselves swingers. We haven't added anyone new over the past few months, and haven't been looking. We haven't been to any swing clubs or parties, nor have we even looked into it. 

I was a bit concerned when we first got home that we might go crazy finding others for sex, but we haven't. I also thought Marti might seek another gangbang at some point, but she really does seem to be over that, at least for now. We had a great week and we'll probably maintain these relationships, but we have no plans right now to develop others, at least not for sex. It has enhanced our sex life together and we try lots of things together. We've bought a few new toys as well and broken out some that we had stopped using. We also have a better balance of making love as well as having just wild crazy sex. Sometimes we even combine the two. We're just a normal every day couple.