 Day 5 - December 27

I woke up to what I thought was a dream. Before I even opened my eyes, I could hear quiet slurping sounds and felt the wetness on my cock. Kathy was starting at the base of my cock and then licking to the top, then putting my cock in her mouth, licking around the head, then repeating this again.

Kathy looked up at me as I woke up. Her eyes smiled at me. I assumed that she couldn't have been down there long because I'd have woken up just about as soon as her mouth went on my gentleman. I was already hard having had a full day to recover. I was on my left side and Kathy was on her side. I ran my hands through her hair. 

I still couldn't believe she was 65. I pulled her head off my cock and said, "Good morning." I pulled her face up to me for a kiss, then I went to gargle with some mouthwash realizing I had a bit of morning breath. Damn morning breath. 

I came back out and Kathy had thrown the sheets off the bed and was lying there in all her glory fingering her pussy. I ran to the bed and jumped into the air pretending I was going to land on her like Superman. I then caught myself right above her on my elbows and knees. I kissed her forehead. Then her cheeks. Then her mouth. 

We kissed for quite a while, allowing our tongues to wrestle with each other, staring into each other's eyes. I rolled her over to her stomach and slid down to kiss her ass cheeks. I adored her tight buttocks for a while, even sucking them into my mouth as far as I could, then kissed around her little butt hole. I felt her pussy as I was rimming her and I wasn't surprised to find out that she was dripping wet.

I stuck a couple of fingers inside of her and ran them in and out as she stretched out as flat and straight as she could on the bed. Pretty soon, I had most of my hand in there. She didn't complain so I moved all four fingers plus my thumb in and out. I kept going in as deep as I could feeling for her G-spot. Kathy never complained, but just moaned and made her body as long as she could, only her ass lifting off of the bed to give me clear access. Then she began talking. 

"Yes. Oh that feels so good. Go farther. Harder."

I pushed my hand until it was almost like a suction. Her pussy seemed to pull my hand in and keep it there. She was flexing her muscles around my hand and wrist. My hand was all the way in her love hole. I continued to fuck her with my hand slowly while rubbing on her G-spot. She was squirming now, still trying to keep her body straight, but her hips were wiggling and pushing into my hand. I moved so that I could kiss her ass hole while I had my hand going inside her pussy. I tried to feel for her g spot and found it. I put pressure on the top of her pelvis from the outside, squeezing my hands together like I was playing and accordion while I rubbed her g spot. 

"oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes."

After only a few minutes of that, she went over the edge. Her body convulsed and her breathing stopped for a moment. I slowly slid my hand out, but she told me to leave it there for a while. After five minutes or more of relaxing, she asked me to take my hand out. 

"How many fingers was that?" she asked. 

I had assumed she could tell. "It was my whole hand. Up to my wrist."

"Oh, my god," she said. "I am going to take you home with me." She continued panting trying to get her breath back.

I rolled over onto her and I placed my cock at the opening of her pussy. I rubbed it around her pussy lips. Then I massaged her clit with the end of my penis. I moved up and down along her clit until her hips began bucking against my cock, meeting my rhythm. We stared into each other's eyes and her face was becoming flush. She smiled.

"Put it in," she said. 

I continued to tease her clit with the head of my dick.

"Put it in," she said again.

I continued my teasing wanting to hear her plead for my cock. 

"Oh, god, just put it in, please," she commanded.

I continued massaging her clit with my cock, letting her squirm.

"Oh, that's so nice, but I want it in. Please put it in. Oh, no. Oh, no," she began to utter as her orgasm hit.

"Should I give you a moment or should I put it in?" I asked with a smile on her face. 

She pulled my face to hers and kissed me. "That was nice, but I still want you inside me. Just give me a minute."

We kissed for a few minutes more until I now couldn't stand it any longer. I entered her pussy slowly, but quickly picked up the pace. She had two orgasms and now I wanted one after resting the day before. I desired her tight body and rocked on top of her.

"oh, that's nice," she said.

"Yes, it is. I love your pussy."

"I love you on top of me," she said. "Fuck me hard. I've had mine, so fuck me as rough and fast as you want."

I did as she asked and continued at a fast pace. I thought I could last at least a few more minutes, so I continued hard and fast. I was in an animal like frenzy trying to do nothing but cum.

"Oh, yes," she said. "Fast. Like that."

"I love fucking you," I said.

"I'm glad," she said.

It was clear by the flushing in her face that I was hitting the spot. I began grinding instead of an in and out motion both to get her clit as well as to last just a little longer, now realizing that I could get my goal of release as well as give her a third orgasm.

"Oh, yes, grind my clit, that's nice. You are extra big this morning. You're hitting my g spot and my clit."

"Glad to be of service," I said. I was feeling good as well. I knew I was going to cum soon.

Kathy's eyes closed and her head tipped back. The flush came over her face.

"Oh, yes, yes, that's it. Yes."

I was really moving now I wanted to finish her off.

"Yes, that's it, there, yes, grind my clit, my clit, yes, oh, oh, oh, oh," she said as her orgasm took over. As she orgasmed, she squeezed my ass, then she pushed a finger into my asshole.

I released my load and the good night sleep clearly gave me the time to build enough to cum hard inside of her.

We lay there laughing and looking into each other's eyes. I rubbed and scratched Kathy's back. She massaged my ass cheeks. We continued this for quite some time.

*****

At some point, we realized that we had to get our day started, and we headed off to the gym. I skipped legs because I had to play volleyball with the new couples later. Cheryl showed up to the gym soon after we got there. She gave me and Kathy kisses. Marti showed up a little later to work out and smiled at me. Chuck didn't show this morning. I guess Cheryl had worn him out. 

I told the ladies that some time before we leave, the four of us need to have sex together. They all thought that was a great idea. Marti and I talked about this idea of sleeping with other people. We decided that last night went well, but we did miss each other. I suggested that we at least try to hook up once a day for a nice love making session. We agreed that we'd try to make sure that happened.

We all finished working out and went to our rooms to get ready for breakfast. I hadn't really thought about it, but Marti followed me to our room. Kathy went to her room, so Marti and I had our time. We showered together and had a nice time making love in a couple of different positions before joining in for breakfast. I was able to cum again for her, but I mostly made sure she was well taken care of because, even though she and Pete had sex, she was very tired the night before and even this morning, so he had only given her one orgasm.

Marti was riding my cock and moaning loudly when we heard, "Housekeeping." It was the same maid as the other day when Cheryl and Kathy were with me in bed. I saw Marti look over as if she knew the maid.

"Come on in," Marti said. "You can start in the bathroom while we finish up."

I couldn't believe it. 

"She walked in on me and Pete the other day. We're almost like best friends," Marti said as she continued to bounce on my cock. "Her name is Arcella and I was even going to ask her to join me and Pete, but I knew Pete wasn't going to be able to cum twice and I was selfish. Arcella did give Pete some nice wet kisses while I rode him though. She even let him suck her tits. Do you think she's hot?"

I couldn't believe we were having this discussion as she was riding me. 

"I do thinks she's hot," I said as Arcella came into the room appearing to know that I was talking about her.

Arcella said, "Hmm. Really? Your wife tells me you have a nice cock."

Marti lifted her pussy as high as she could with only the very tip of my cock at the entrance of her pussy so Arcella could see.

"You weren't lying, Marti," Arcella said as my wife returned to fucking me hard and began to moan faster.

Arcella watched as Marti reached her second orgasm of our lovemaking session.

"Wow, Marti, that was hot," said Arcella.

Marti just smiled as she enjoyed the after glow of her orgasm. I lay on my back with my wife still sitting on my cock still not really sure about the conversation that just happened. Given all of my activity, I wasn't going to cum, at least it didn't seem like it, but I still had a hard on.

Slowly Marti slid off me to lie beside me.

"Do you want to touch it?" Marti asked.

Without speaking, Arcella came over to hold my cock in her hand. 

"That is nice," she said. "Not as big as my boyfriend's, but still nice. I've never actually had another cock besides my boyfriend in a long time." She eyed my cock as if she wanted to do more than hold it.

"We're all done," said Marti, getting up off the bed. 

Arcella was still holding my cock as Marti when to get ready to meet with our friends. I wasn't sure what to do, but I realized it was getting to be time to play volleyball. Now that I had a good chance to see Arcella I realized she was in better shape than I noticed the first time I saw her. I also realized that she had beautiful brown eyes. I couldn't tell if her lashes were real or not. Who cared really? 

"I need to go," I said as Arcella was beginning to stroke me. Oh, I did not want to leave, but I had promised our friends that I'd be there. She gave my cock a quick suck and French kiss.

"OK," she said with a smile, "but if we have a chance..." and her voice trailed off.

She continued her work as Marti and I got dressed to go.

I went to go play volleyball with our new friends. At one point, it was just the guys playing doubles. At the end of the game, I pulled the guys in and let them know that I knew that they had fucked my wife and that their wives didn't know. I told them that at some point, they probably need to tell their wives what happened. They objected, of course. I told them that if they didn't, there might be worse consequences later. I told them that I have another plan that might work to get their wives in the right mood to hear it. I asked them if they had ever fantasized about having their wives fuck another guy. They all reluctantly admitted that they had. 

I said that was good, so that if I seduce their wives, then there would be more understanding. I told them that I was cool with them fucking my wife and that my wife and I were swingers, so she had my permission. It didn't take the guys long to agree to my solution. I told them that I was glad to help them out, of course they knew that I was also getting what I wanted. I was excited. They were too, but they said that I had to tell them what happened or that I had to make their wives promise to tell them. I agreed to that one easily. I told them I'd even make sure I took video if they wanted. There were no objections.

We all went to sit down with the women and the guys were on one side, the girls lined up next to them. I set my blanket next to Sarah on the opposite end from the other guys. Sarah was next to me, Jennifer next to her, then Jackie, then I don't remember the order of the guys. I didn't care at that point. We all talked for a while, then the guys needed to go play golf. They all got up and left. 

The ladies and I continued to enjoy the sun and talk. We played another game of volleyball. We sat down sweaty. All the women were glistening that lovely female sweat. The angle of the sun was just overhead. I leaned over and kissed Sarah, then I kissed and licked some of the sweat off of her neck and above her cleavage. Then I went down as low as I could without going under her bikini top.

"I haven't asked my husband yet." She apologized. "I'm sorry, but don't stop. I mean this isn't sex, right?"

"Right," I said. "But I did ask your husband."

"What?" she asked. "What did he say?"

"He said, 'OK'"

Sarah's face brightened. She pulled her top down as far as she could without fully exposing her breasts. "Kiss and lick away."

"Here on the beach?" I asked.

"yes," she said. "How did you get him to agree?"

"it wasn't difficult. In fact, I asked all of your husbands and they all agreed."

"agreed to what?" Jackie asked.

"Agreed to let us have sex with Don." Said Jennifer who was listening in.

"I suggest we continue this in my room," I said.

We picked up our things and went to my room. Jackie was a bit reluctant. She wasn't really sure what was going on. Sarah and Jennifer described their teasing of me while dancing and the ensuing conversations. Jackie wasn't on board at first, but she didn't leave. 

As we were talking, Sarah and Jennifer both removed their bikinis. Jennifer looked a lot better in a bikini than I even had thought and I had made sure I told her so earlier. I let them both help me out of my swim suit. Jackie was still standing and watching. Her eyes displayed a sense of disbelief. She obviously wasn't ready for what was happening. Sarah and Jennifer wasted no time in taking turns kissing me and massaging my chest and ass. We stood near the bed, their bodies and mine all touching and they kissed me as if was their first time kissing anyone. It was obvious that their husbands' fantasies were theirs as well.

Their excitement was energizing. We kissed and rubbed and kissed and rubbed. I noticed a couple of things. First, I noticed that Jennifer and Sarah were also touching each other almost as much as they were touching me. Second, I noticed that there was a body pressing in behind me. Due to the height difference I felt a small set of breasts pressing into the tops of my shoulders. Marti's breasts hit me right in the chest because we are about the same height. Cheryl's breast hit me just above my stomach as did Sarah's, but Sarah's were full and round, even if not large. Jennifer's medium sized breasts hit me just under my chest. I could imagine that if Jackie were in front of me, her breasts would be in my neck and it wouldn't take much to put them in my face. 

Seeing Sarah naked was a real treat. I think almost all women are beautiful in some way, but Sarah had that almost perfect cherub shape. A little extra weight, but nice curves. Her short stature accentuated the appearance of her curves. Her hips and ass tantalized me. She had a nice bubbly round butt. 

Jennifer still had that sort of stocky figure, but without her bikini on, I could tell that her ass was toned and had a nice shape to it. It wasn't that perfect round ass, but still it wasn't flabby at all. Her breasts were also perfectly shaped and sized to the rest of her body—again, nothing special, but when I looked into her sparkling blue eyes, it was like the room was lighting up. She also had that wonderful big smile.

I hadn't seen Jackie. In fact, I could feel now that she still had her bikini on. Perhaps she was still hesitant. 

Sarah and Jennifer's hands had now moved down to my rod, which really was like iron right now. I continued to massage their breasts. Jackie began to kiss the back of my neck and rub her hands through my hair. Then one of her hands began massaging my ass. It was nice that she was joining in. 

I was enjoying Jackie's head and ass massage and thinking about her seeming to warm up to the situation when Jennifer and Sarah got on their knees in front of me and traded licks of my cock. Jackie got on her knees and kissed my ass cheeks and reached under me to cup my balls. I was in heaven. Three women and all of my sensitive parts being taken care of.

Sarah looked at Jennifer, "Don't make him cum. Remember, I'm first."

"So, you two have this all figured out?" I asked.

"Yeah," said Sarah. "We talked after dancing. Jennifer and I had to flip a coin. Jackie didn't know though. Not until you said you talked to our husbands. We didn't know if she or Brian would be up for it, but we figured our husbands would be inclined to let this happen."

I didn't want to break the mood, but I did want to know, so I asked, "Jackie, are you OK with this? You don't have to do this?"

"I want to," answered Jackie. "I think I want to. I'm just nervous and I was a bit surprised. I'm still dealing with the fact that I'm with a guy that's not my husband. It's still seems kind of wrong. Brian and I really don't talk about fantasies, but I know he's like to be a with a woman built like Marti. I know he likes bigger boobs. I just didn't know what he'd think about me with another guy and I've never thought about it seriously."

Jackie still had her bikini on, not looking as if it was coming off any time soon. 

Sarah pushed me onto the bed playfully. "I'm first," she yelled.

Sarah made quick work of getting me hard again and sliding her pussy down onto my cock. She rubbed my chest and pinched my nipples. Then she began sliding up and down on my cock, riding me hard. Jennifer put her tits in my mouth and let me suck on them. Then she began French kissing me.

Jackie stood to the side watching, still not sure about this whole thing. Sarah motioned Jennifer out of the way.

"Let me have him to myself for a while."

Sarah leaned forward to try and kiss me, but my cock popped out of her pussy. She wasn't quite tall enough. She quickly sat back and got my cock where she wanted it. She continued her motion, smiling at me and rubbing my chest. She then leaned forward to kiss my chest as she rubbed her clit against my pelvis.

Jennifer was now massaging my calves. I was staring into Sarah's eyes enjoying the look of pleasure on her face as well as her curves when Jackie knelt by me and kissed my mouth. She still had her bikini on. I put my right arm around the back of her head and massaged the back of her head as she kissed me. The kisses became more passionate and had more conviction in them as we increased the speed of our tongues whipping each other. Sarah rocked faster and faster. Given Jackie's position while kissing me, I couldn't reach Sarah's clit, but she was doing a good job grinding and from her moans I could tell that she was managing to get the pressure she needed. 

Jennifer was now massaging and kissing my feet. Jackie was kissing my mouth and rubbing my chest and head. Sarah was picking up speed and saying things like, "Fuck, yes. This is what I thought it would be like. I have something to tell Joe about. Oh, my god."

Sarah was really rocking now and had stopped talking. Her talking was replaced by short panting breaths. With all of this attention I had to cum again. I tried to hold back because I wanted to make sure that I could fuck all three women, but when Sarah's orgasm came, I couldn't help but let go. The sound of her loud, "Yes." And then panting was it. Jackie realized I was cumming and kept kissing me but took her tongue out of my mouth to let me breathe. She pinched my nipples hard the second my body tensed up. 

Jennifer had stopped massaging my feet, and just said, "Next." She did allow Sarah some time to come down from her orgasm, but then helped her off of me. I was surprised when without any words, Jackie set Sarah down next to me and licked out Sarah's pussy. Jennifer had already placed her body on top of mine and was kissing me. I was focused on watching Jackie.
