 Max and I have been together for four plus years now. We've talk about marriage but neither one of us feels it would better things between us.

We met through work and became best of friends and one night while watching a movie we became lovers and it was just a natural progression to our relationship. Max is a typical guy and has the average guys fantasies. The one that he's clinging on to lately is to have sex with me and another guy. More specifically his fantasy has developed to include his best guy friend Fred.

Fred is a nice guy and kind of on the quiet side. Very smart and helpful and has always treated me with outmost respect. As of late Fred has been spending lots of time with Max because of his home situation. See Fred has been married for a few years. His wife is a nice enough person and has always been very pleasant to us. He told Max and I one night after several glasses of wine that he was thinking of leaving. They live very separate life and that sex between them is more of a chore then anything else. He says that she lays there and doesn't want him to mess up her hair and make up that tells him to enter her and ejaculate. 

That certainly would be a turn off for me is someone told me that. Anyway after Fred's revelation that night Max and I went to bed and as we lay there I asked Max if he thought it was an accurate picture that Fred had presented. Max said that he thought so. Fred had been rather depressed as of late and that he'd sense a definite coolness when visiting their home. I rolled over and wrap my arms around Max and told him that he would never have to worry about that with me and I grabbed a hold of his growing cock and told him that tonight was for him anything he wanted I would do to please him.

Max gently push down on my shoulder and held my head to his cock. I eagerly, open my mouth and sucked him and I pulled back as he was getting ready to cum. He pulled me on top of him and pulled my shirt over my head and began sucking my nipples as he lowered me onto his cock.

We made slow gentle love, with me coming three times before he did and we fell asleep in each other's arm. 

The next week went by and we prepared for a weekend of sailing. I looked forward to getting away on the ocean with just Max. On Thursday Max told me that Fred had called and things were taking a turn for the worst and she'd asked him to leave. Fred was devastated and had nowhere to go. Max said that he wanted him to stay with us until things settle a bit. I wasn't sure that I wanted someone intruding my love nest. What about our privacy. Max reassured me that it would only be temporary. With that Max went to the phone and called Fred to tell him to come and stay with us. 

Friday afternoon arrived and I was ready to go. Looking forward to some time alone with Max. We'd agreed to meet at the boat and my heart sunk when I saw Max approaching with Fred.

I decided to be big and swallow hard and not make a big deal out of it. We motored down the intercoastal and before too long were out in the open sea. We had music playing the wind whipping thru my hair felt great and for now I was in charge of the boat while Max and Fred were drinking a few beers. As the sun began to set we are just east of Bimini and we decide to anchor for the night. Once this was done I got a glass of wine and sat down with them. Max puts his arm around me and kissed me and thanked me for taking the wheel and letting him and Fred have a relaxing afternoon. I told him that I was happy to do it but that he owed me big time. 

And I grinned at him. Fred who has been reading, looked up, amused at how we relate to each other. Max told him that he ought to thank me properly for the great afternoon of sailing. He walked over to me and hugged me and thanked me. I look over his shoulder and see Max grinning at me. I know what he is thinking and I glance down to see a bulge forming in his short. Fred is not releasing the hug and I winked at Max while pressing into Fred with my chest. I finally break the hug and move over to Max and rub the front of his pants and tell him I need help in the galley. 

Max eagerly follows me and once we are down below he grabs me and tells me that he wants me to seduce Fred to show him a night he won't soon forget. I tell him that I don't know about that. He tells me that he loves me and that I would be giving him his favorite fantasy and making Fred a very happy man. He tells me that Fred has told him he would love a chance to get at me. I tell him to stop and go back out and entertain our guest. I come out with a tray of sandwiches and more beers for them and wine for me. We eat and nothing further is said until Max says to me remember our bet last week. I think back...yes I remember. Well you owe me for that and since you haven't paid up I'm collecting right now. I look over at Fred and he looks amused. Damn I won't get support from him. 

Ok I say what is it you want? You know what I want and now get to it... I tell him that I think we need to discuss this further. He says: "ok."..then proceeds to tell Fred that he wants to see him fuck me. Fred looks at me and tells me that he would love to fuck me and indulge Max at the same time. I'm speechless they both stand up at the same time and walk towards me. Fred wraps his arms around me and begins kissing me Max just watches and I can see him smiling at me. Fred is a great kisser, lots of tongue and then he slips his hand to the back of my head and grabs a hand full of hair and gently tugs at it. I melt nothing turns me on more then having my hair pulled while kissing. 

The air is getting cool and I want to move this to the cabin. I grab his hard cock thru his trouser and pull him to the cabin. I look back and Max is beaming. I proceed to take Fred's pants down and admire his cock slowly stroking it, licking the head and telling him how I'm going to enjoy fucking him between licks. He just groans at me and pleads with me to stop teasing him and let him eat my pussy. I tell him that he can suck my pussy all he wants and in one swoops he has me on the bed and is pulling my shorts down and drives his tongue to my now drench pussy. He immediately finds my clit and sucks it hard he enters me with two fingers and fucks me as he is licking me. within minutes I am cumming in his mouth and he just keeps sucking for all he's worth. He then tells me that he is going to fuck me till I beg him to stop. As he climbs on top of me he sucks my nipple and then the other one he is lightly biting them alternatively. All I want is his cock inside me. I ask him to please fuck me and

he just smiles and tells me to beg. I wiggle my ass on the sheet trying to position his cock to my soaking wet hole but he won't allow it. He tells me to beg. I'm not getting my way and I now look over his shoulder and I see Max standing there with his cock in his hands and I tell him. "Honey tell him to fuck me." He laughs and says "you beg him and he will." I grab Fred's head between my two hands and look him straight in the eye and with pleading eyes, I beg "Fuck me please I need to be fuck, long and hard, fast and furious, please fuck me" Then I bring his face to mine and kiss him deep, my tongue is buried in his mouth and with one smooth strokes he enters me. 

I immediately go into an orgasm and I just keep cumming as he keeps plunging is cock in and out of me. I feel him harden inside me and I push him away telling him I don't want him to cum yet. I tell him to take breather from my hot cunt and to just kiss me some more. I don't want this fucking to end right now. He smiles and the gleam in his eyes has return for the first time in a long time. He radiates happiness in my arms and I tell him that I now must pay attention to my man but not to fear he can stay right where he is because he will be fucking me very shortly. Max comes over and brings his cock to my mouth and has he pushes it in he tells me how much he loves me and that he is the luckiest man on earth.

I eagerly suck his cock while Fred watches closely. He slips back into me and resumes his rhythmic fucking pulling in and out of my cunt and I cum yet one more time. He pleads with me to let him cum. I pull Max out of my mouth and tell him to be ready to fuck me as soon as Fred is done. Fred cums hard in my pussy filling it and his groan of pleasure are music to my ears. He pulls out and rolls over next to me and Max jumps on top and immediately dives in with his hard cock, he can't last long but I want at least one orgasm from him. He lifts my behind as he is driving his cock in and out of me and slips a finger in my ass. I grind against him and I feel my orgasm build and I scream "I'm cumming." 

At the same time he empty his load of cream into my pulsating cunt. I'm at that moment, the most satisfied woman in the world and my two lovers don't seem to badly off either. I lay there with cream oozing out of my cunt and Fred reaches over and gently plays with my pussy while Max holds and kisses me. We fall asleep exhausted and at first light I wake up and go shower. I come out and they are stirring. I tell them that I will make coffee if they are interested. They both take me up on my offer and as we sit down Max says that we need to talk...Panic settles upon me thinking he is upset. But he begins by saying that we are the two most important people in his life and that last night was incredible. 

He wants us to live as a threesome. I tell him that I agree last night was pretty incredible but I don't know that this can work. Perhaps Fred wants to work things out with his wife. Fred jumps in and says that the night was incredible and that he will never go back to the cold fish. He then tells Max, " I would be honored to share this fantastic woman with you and will forever be grateful." Max smiles at me and says "Honey, looks like you have yourself two studs" I tell them that they will kill me if they try to do this everyday. We all laugh and Fred says well I was planning on two times a day to start. We have been together since then, this was 3 months ago and the guys are keeping me very busy and well fucked.