 Our favorite game to play during long road trips is basically who can be more perverted, but really it's a game we like to play just to get each other horny. We try to get each other to the point of horniness where consequences and good judgment jump out of the window. So horny in fact, we are almost animalistic. 

During the particular road trip, we were traveling West on Interstate 20 and had been for hours. My hubby was driving, and Our Girl was taking her turn riding in the front seat. After hours of driving, in order to release some of the tension, I direct Our Girl to lower her seat back. I give her great tits a squeeze and push them together. My pussy and inner sex organs are aching and throbbing, and it's a sensation that I can only relieve with a nice hard fuck. I imagine a lot of girls get this sensation. Playing with Our Girl is really only making my problem a lot worse. 

Our Girl and I begin kissing. She is desperately trying to reach my tits. We are locked into our own bubble of sexual frustration when my husband snaps us out of it.

"Hey, Meg, look around," he says.

I peer out of the window to realize that we have gathered a crowd of trucks. Their drivers are attempting to get a glimpse of the action. A switch turns on my head and I decide to give them a real show. I pull our girls shirt up and pull her tits out of her shirt. I demand that she stick her hands down her pants to really give them a show (this was me being nice because if her pussy was aching half as bad as mine I knew she needed the relief). I continue to squeeze her tits and we start kissing she is furiously fingering herself.

After a few short moments, I feel Our Girl shudder and jerk, and I know she has finished her orgasm. She yanks her hand out of her pants and pulls her shirt down, hurriedly pulling the lever to make the seat go back up. The trucks that were once surrounding our car disappear as fast as they had appeared. The three of us go back to talking as though nothing had happened. I try to ignore my aching, letting it intensify.

After another couple hours of driving, we decide it's time to stop and eat dinner. We chose a home cooking restaurant that is attached to a truck stop. The truck stop also has a motel and some old abandoned industrial looking buildings near it. We seat ourselves, and, soon, a waitress takes our orders. 

While we sit and wait for our food, we listen to a group of four truckers talk at the table behind us. It doesn't take long to piece together what they're talking about. They are bantering back and forth about the girls kissing and masturbating on the freeway.

The first trucker says, "Did you guys see that slut on the freeway?" 

The second trucker replies, "I've been driving truck for 20 years, and I've been flashed some great tits, but this...that was something."

The third trucker agrees heartily, "I know, Man. She had some great tits!"

The last one remains silent, but it's obvious he's wiggling in his seat to adjust the package in his pants.

Realizing they're as hungry as they are horny, they start to look at the menus.

Our food finally arrives. I smile at our girl and tell her, "Get me some ketchup," nodding my head at the bottle of ketchup on the table next to the truckers' table. She looks me straight in the eye and realizes what I have planned. It wasn't a hard puzzle to figure out, since she knows I hate ketchup. She follows her order without any further hesitation.

When she stands up and walks over to the table with the ketchup, the four truckers look up and watch her every move. Our Girl keeps her eyes lowered, while she navigates through the maze of tables and chairs. She grabs the bottle and return to our table. I notice that she swings her hips and walks the cutest sexy walk she can.

Soon, I can feel the sexual tension filling up the room. The truckers are eating their food in silence. Again, my pussy is throbbing and begging for a nice fuck. As we finish eating my hubby suggests that we get a room for the night and drive straight home tomorrow.

We pay our bill and head next door to the motel. We pay for a room and are handed a key for room 25. We head to our room which is located in the back of the building, Our Girl and I collapse on to the bed. My hubby says he is going to grab our luggage and he leaves.

Before Our Girl realizes it, I have my jeans pulled off, and I've sat my pussy in her face. I have her pants unzipped and my hand down her pants. My legs are holding her arms down. So, she is pinned to the bed. Her tongue is dipping into my pussy and running from my clit to my fuck hole. I can feel how wet her pussy is. There is a lot of her juice left over from her last orgasm in the car.

We enjoy each other's company for a while longer, but, soon, we hear the door open. When I look up from fingering her soggy pussy, I realize that my hubby isn't alone. The four truckers have filed into the room behind him. My hubby takes a seat in one of the few motel chairs, and the four men are all silent as they feast their eyes on us.

Soon, one of the truckers steps forward, and yanks Our Girls pants down around her ankles. I think this is when she really became aware that there were other people in the room. She tries to squirm underneath of me so she can get a look at what is going on. I smear my pussy around on her face one last time and climb off of her. I go stand near where my husband has taken a seat.

She gasps when she looks around the room and gauges the situation. Her gasp quickly turns to a grin, and, before she knows it, she has a tongue in her pussy and two dicks poking at her mouth. One of the dicks is rather average the other is very long almost pencil thin. The forth man is the only one that still has his pants on. He is groping her tits and isn't in any hurry to lose his load.

I take a seat on my hubby's lap so we can watch the scenario take place in front of us. It was really like watching porn, but live. The man between her legs was completely bald. Every once in a while he would rub his bald head around on her pussy. She is greedily sucking the two cocks, taking them deep into her mouth and licking their balls.

The man with the average sized penis (who appears to be wearing a wedding ring) is receiving a blow job decides he doesn't want to lose his load that way. He plops down onto the cheap bed and pulls Our Girl on top of himself. The two naked men who aren't getting fucked have no problem jerking themselves while they watch.

Our Girl is facing him and immediately she begins bouncing up and down on his cock. After a couple dozen strokes, the man gasps and I can tell he panics a little about cumming in her pussy, but Our Girl slams herself down on him, keeping him from pulling her off. He realizes that she wants it and allows his load to fill her up.

I am still sitting on my hubby's lap. He has pulled my shirt and bra off and is licking my neck and squeezing my tits.

He whispers in my ear, "Meg, my cock is aching. I need to fuck you so bad."

I stand up and drop my pants. I crouch down and remove his cock from his pants. I put in into my mouth and slide it down to his balls, slapping and flicking my tongue around the shaft all the way down. He lets out a loud groan.

After a few strokes, I stand up and turn around and sit down on his cock sinking down all the way. He fucks me for a few more minutes, then grabs me and holds me against him as he drains his cock into my pussy.

He says, "Don't move! I don't want Our Girl to be the only one with a pussy full of cum.' 

Our Girl climbs off of the man who finished, and, before she could decide what to do next, the bald man grabs her by the arms and brings her to the edge of the bed. He positions her doggy style, exposing her ass he spits into his hand and rubs it around his cock. He tries to push his dick into her ass, but there just isn't enough lube.

He is surprised that she didn't yell out. He grabs his dick and aims it into her pussy; he doesn't have a problem sliding right in. After a few thrusts, he realizes that his dick is now sloppy wet and might fit into her butt. He pulls out and rubs his cock around her ass. He tells her to relax as he slides in. He fucks her ass a few strokes and hears the other guys cheer and laugh.

Soon, they have a good rhythm going. Her ass is meeting up with his balls. Suddenly, the guy stops and pulls out. The guy with the long skinny dick pushes Our Girl onto her back and climbs on top of her. Our Girl feels the prick slide in teasing the walls of her pussy. He pounds her hard. The teasing of her pussy is almost more than she can stand. She is screaming and digging her nails in to the guys back. He has his full weight of his entire body pressing her against the motel bed.

After a few more thrusts, he rolls over, pulling her on top. He pulls her down so that her ass is sticking up in the air.

He says, "Someone stick their cock up her ass."

The bald guy doesn't hesitate to try and stick his cock into her butt. The old motel bed squeaks in protest. His hard cock pops right into her butt and they soon have a great pace going.

I climb off of my hubby's lap to get a closer look I climb on to the bed. The man who hasn't taken his clothes off grabs my tits. He lifts them up and sucks on my nipples. I look over at my hubby to see how he feels about it. He looks a little concerned but doesn't say anything. After a few seconds, the man lets me go. I move my attention to Our Girl getting pounded in both holes. I grab her by the hair and start to kiss her.

I whisper in her ear, "Have you ever had a double creampie? Because, I think these boys are getting close."

After a few seconds, the guy who hasn't taken his clothes off has decided to join the group. He pulls his shirt off first, followed by his pants, and then boxers. His large cock hangs down between his legs. He picks it up and starts stroking it. I wave him to come over. I direct him to Our Girl's mouth. I slid my hand between her legs and begin to rub her clit giving her some extra stimulation, hoping this will make her cum. 

The guys fucking her ass and pussy pick up speed after a few more minutes of fucking and sucking. The guy in her pussy cums first. He is forced to keep his long skinny dick in her pussy while the other guy is fucking her ass. Cum is running out of her pussy, getting my fingers quite wet and sloppy. Soon, the guy in her ass grunts and slides all the way in. He digs his nails in to her butt cheeks and explodes in her ass. 

Our Girl lets the cock in her mouth fall out as cries out, "I'm cumming... Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck!!!" 

He leaves his dick in her ass until the load of cum pushes him out. I am still flicking my fingers over her clit, but the stimulation is far too much for her to take. She jerks and pushes my hand. The guy on the bottom has had enough, as well. He pushes her off of himself. 

At this point, I am so worked up that I grab Our Girl and roll her on to her back so I can check out how messy her pussy is. The guy who is still waiting to cum comes over to watch. He is eagerly waiting his turn to fuck her. Everyone's eyes are locked on us, and I slide my tongue into her pussy tasting her pussy and all of their cum.

I grab our girl by the hair and push her to her knees in front of the guy. She immediately takes the head of the cock into her mouth and tries to suck it, but it's too big.

I ask Our Girl, "Do you want this dick in your ass or pussy?"

She replies, with her mouth full of what little of the cock she could fit, "In my pussy."

I ask (like she is a piece of meat) the guy, "How do you want her?"

He shyly smiles and tells her, "Lay on the bed."

Our Girl hops on to the bed, looking forward to another nice easy missionary position.

But, he says, "No, I want you flat on your belly."

Our Girl rolls over and lays flat. The man climbs on her and glides his dick between her legs, quickly finding the opening to her pussy. He slams inside and quickly starts pounding her. His hard fucking makes all the cum gush out of her sopping pussy. At this point, I'm sure the bed is going to collapse. The guy has his knees on either side of her, and he is pulling her head back while he roughly fucks. The man hunches down so that his head is close to her, grabbing her shoulders. After a few minutes, he sits back up on to his knees and spreads her ass so he can watch his cock slide in and out of her soaking pussy. The guy moans and squeezes her ass.

He moans again and says "Get Ready, Bitch, I'm going to cum!"

Suddenly, he pulls his cock out of her pussy and sticks the head right into her ass. He tilts his head back and moans and drains his cum into her ass. He immediately climbs off and starts getting dressed. He hurried to the door, barely looking back as he rushes out.

Our Girl rolls over, suddenly feeling very cold and vulnerable. As I snap back into reality, I realize that the other three of the men are ready for round two. The scene they just watched was too hot for them to ignore. They begin to close in around me. I look at my hubby for help, but he smiles and shrugs. That's when I realize that I'm the main dish; Our Girl was just an appetizer. 

---------------------------------

I write these for free, but I do love a good comment for a story well written. 

If you enjoyed it, tell me about it!