 Chapter Two Our Game

Me

11:00pm, as I pulled up to the hotel entrance, Elle opened the door and got out of the Range Rover. She of course left the door open, she never closes doors. She was wearing a new outfit, something I think she bought in Vegas. It was a simple black dress, long sleeved, skin tight and short, very short. Of course she had on some black five inch pumps. She walked in the front door and was gone. I turned the truck over to the valet and entered the hotel.

The hotel wasn't new, but the two floor Jasmine Bar was. It was also the hottest bar in town. I took the elevator to the 31st floor. There was a line outside of the bar, a short line but a line nonetheless. I hate bars with lines. If I were going in for myself or with the guys, I would have left. Fifteen minutes later, the doorman noticed me and waved me in, I suspect the two twenties I flashed him, helped him pick me out from the crowd. The place was packed. It took me almost thirty minutes to make it around the first floor.

The upper level had an open roof. I finally spotted Elle was sitting in a booth on the other side of the room between a man and a woman, I didn't recognize. The man looked to be in his late thirties or early forties, with short light colored hair. The woman was tanned and blonde with long wavy hair past her shoulders, and she looked like a trophy wife from this distance. Both were leaning in talking in Elle's ears. Elle was smiling as she sipped her martini. She hadn't seen me yet, but since the game had obviously begun I turned around and wandered to the closest bar and ordered a beer. By the time it arrived and I had paid for it, Elle and the woman were not sitting in the booth anymore. The guy was there, but the two ladies had disappeared in the crowd. I stood sipping my beer.

I saw a cute ponytailed woman in tight jeans and high-heeled sandals, tapping her foot to the music. I noticed that the tight sweater she was wearing was straining to contain her very large chest. I put my beer on the bar and walked over and took her hand without even looking at her and pulled her onto the dance floor. We were deep into the crowd before I turned around. I smiled and started dancing in front of her. She stood there looking at me and I winked and shrugged my shoulders at her and continued to dance. She blushed, smiled and started dancing with me.

She was about 5'1" with dark hair and Bettie Page bangs. Actually, she was very cute, with big gorgeous brown eyes, a tiny waist, and a small but curvy ass. I estimated that she was at

least a 38 or 39DD, maybe E. She had a sweet, genuine smile and from the way she moved, she loved to dance and was good at it. I finally pulled her off the floor after the fifth dance. I bought her a mojito and myself another beer. Her name was Donna; she was first grade school teacher, who got stood up for her date with some guy she met online. We talked about her students, my work as a creator of comic books, and she finally got around to asking about my wedding ring. I smiled and told her it was date night.

Donna asked if it was date night, where was my wife. I told her the truth, I said that she was in the bar; that we enjoy dancing and meeting other people before we go home together. Her big beautiful eyes got even bigger and I told her not to worry, I was interested in dancing with her, only. She smiled and then said "Well, then let's dance!" and grabbed my hand this time, and pulled me, back on to the dance floor.

As we worked our way into the middle of the crowd on the dance floor I saw Elle and the woman. They were out on the floor dancing. Elle's not a big dancer, she's very good, but she doesn't dance all that often. They weren't dirty dancing but they were moving with a natural rhythm with one another. The blonde haired woman was about an inch taller than Elle, thin but not scary thin, with long legs encased in what looked like from here tight leather pants. She was wearing a backless halter and high heel platforms. She and Elle were holding hands and dancing and talking. 

My attention was returned to Donna who had thrown her arms around me for the slow song that began to play. I pulled her into my body and she buried her head into my chest. I stole a look over at Elle and the blonde who were still dancing as they had been during the faster numbers just slower now. After a few more dances, I returned Donna to the bar, ordered another mojito for her and excused myself to the bathroom. Once inside, my phone vibrated and I saw Elle's picture on the phone, as I ducked into the farthest, quietest corner of the men's room.

Elle

Elle climbed out of the Range Rover and walked into the hotel. Neither she nor Henry had been to this bar before, but the man at the desk told her where the bar was and how to get to the elevator. He even gave her a card to avoid standing in the line. In the elevator she rode with a tall, handsome man in a very good looking suit and a striking looking blonde in tight leather pants and a backless halter top with a plunging neck line. The woman looked Elle up and down the way most men do. As the door opened the woman slipped her arm inside of Elle's and walked past the line into the bar. They were followed by the tall man.

The woman walked through the bar arm and arm with Elle to the stairs and up to the room where the open roof dance floor was.They climbed into a reserved booth in the back of the room and the tall man slid in on the other side of Elle. Over martinis Elle discovered that once a month this married couple: Bree and Devon would come downtown and find someone

for Bree to play with, while Devon watched. Bree usually played with boys, she'd get some hunky thing all worked up and then they'd take him home. Bree would fuck the boy and then Devon would lick her clean and if the boy wanted, lick him clean too. Hearing that, Devon suddenly looked just a bit more interesting to Elle.

Tonight, Bree just found Elle irresistible. Bree asked Elle to dance with her and that's where she saw Loring dancing with some cute little Bettie Page thing with enormous breasts. Well, she thought, he is consistent in his taste for women. Elle was enjoying dancing with Bree, but she really wasn't interested in a threesome with Bree or Devon. She was interested in dinner with her husband and then sex at home, but he looked like he was having fun, and she didn't want to interrupt him. Bree was whispering in her ear that she needed another martini and took Elle by the hand and they walked back toward the table where Devon was sitting.

Elle saw her husband heading toward the men's room and decided to text him. Reaching into the booth she retrieved her phone and asked Bree to order her a martini, with blue cheese olives of course and she'd be back. Elle made her way to the women's bathroom.

Me

I answered my phone. "Henry?" Elle's voice came over the phone.

"Hi...what's up?" I responded. Elle told me she was going to go downstairs and eat, she wasn't that into the man and woman that she was presently with and that she'd love for me to join her, but didn't want to rain on my parade. I responded that I was hungry too.Out of the blue I said I might bring Donna, and explained how she had been stood up. Elle said fine and then I suggested instead of eating there at the hotel, we should go to that steakhouse that she likes so much. Elle again said to go bring Donna, and she'd meet us at the truck. Click and she was gone.

By the time I got back to the bar I saw Elle kissing Devon goodbye, on the cheek, and a much better open mouth kiss with a clearly disappointed Bree. I told Donna that I was going to go have some dinner with my wife and I was mildly surprised to see genuine disappointment on her face. I told her that we were going to meet at this steak place a few blocks away and that she should join us. She blushed and said she didn't want to intrude on us and that she really enjoyed meeting and dancing with me. I looked deeply into those big brown eyes and then I took her hand once more and walked us toward out of that room toward the elevators.

As we stepped into the elevator, Donna said she didn't want to intrude again. I turned and kissed her mouth. The kiss was nothing over the top, just a soft one that she responded to. "You're coming with me." I whispered, and she did.

The Valet guy holding my keys nodded appreciatively at Donna as he opened the front passenger door for her. Elle had already climbed in the back, and by the time I walked around and got in the truck, the two had introduced themselves. As we drove to the restaurant, Elle and I learned that Donna was originally from northern California but had come here for college. In fact she had just gotten her Masters two years ago from the same downstate university where Jesse, Susan's son, was now attending.

Elle was already making Donna comfortable, talking about where we lived, what we did for a living, "just getting to know you talk" as I pulled up to the restaurant.

As we had cocktails while waiting for dinner (single malt scotch for me, a martini with blue cheese olives for Elle and a mojito for Donna) Elle, who had been a high school teacher after graduating college, had a great time talking with Donna. Donna for her part also had a wonderful time. She had been slow at making friends since moving to the big city after school. She had thrown herself into her work, her only break being Saturday night dancing or meeting some guy on dating sites. During dessert: a cheese plate for Elle, a chocolate something for Donna, and a single scoop of vanilla ice cream for me; Elle and Donna made plans to go see the ballet, next week. Elle had tickets, I'm not into ballet and Donna used to dance ballet until at 13, her breasts began to grow.

On the drive to Donna's apartment the two ladies sat in the back and talked about some cooking show they were both addicted to. Donna lived on the near Westside of town and it took about fifteen minutes to get to her building. Her one bedroom apartment was in a three-flat building near an urban college campus. "Would you guys like to come up? I could make you some coffee." Donna said with a nervous energy.

"I'd love to come up and see your place, but you're probably tired." I smiled at her.

"I could use a cup..." Elle responded. I smiled and turned the engine off. I walked around and opened the door for the two of them. The ladies walked in front of me and stepped inside, holding hands and we took the elevator up to her apartment. At the door Donna fumbled and dropped her keys. I bent down to pick them up. As I stood and turned Elle and Donna were kissing. Wow, that seemed to come out of nowhere. I paused, leaned against the door for a moment and watched the two of them. They stopped when a door down the hall opened and a small barking dog came running down the hallway toward us.

Donna seriously blushed at her neighbor (who actually hadn't seen a thing) and opened the door. She pulled Elle in, and I followed. I closed the door as my Elle pushed Donna up against the wall in the entrance hallway and began kissing her again. Elle's hands pulled Donna's sweater out of her jeans and up over her head. Their mouths separated only for the length of time to get Donna's sweater off. Now Elle reached behind Donna and unclasped her industrial strength bra.

I decided to help and slid behind Elle and pulled her dress up and over her head, Elle broke from kissing Donna just for a moment and lifted her arms. Once I removed her dress, my gorgeous and now very naked, except for her high heels, wife went back to kissing and fondling her new friend. After watching for a few minutes, I left them in the hall and walked into the apartment. I walked over to what looked like an IKEA sofa near the center of the room and sat down.

Elle and Donna continued kissing and caressing each other. Donna was still wearing her jeans and heels; Elle was wearing only her heels. Donna found Elle's nipple ring and began to play with it, she pulled and twisted it, softly at first, but Elle's nipples are so sensitive, and she reacted as if she had received an electric shock. Elle's head fell back and she moaned. Donna began to play with the ring a little harder and Elle responded. Donna took her right hand and slipped in down between Elle's legs, and Elle's moans grew bigger. Donna was twisting the platinum ring while bending down and taking Elle's other nipple in her mouth. I could see from across the room that she bit down hard...

Elle came, I know my wife, and I watched her come. While trembling in the middle of the orgasm, she pulled Donna's head up and began kissing her again. Donna continued to torture Elle's breast with one hand and play with her pussy with the other hand. I watched another orgasm build while Elle was still coming down from the first. When this one arrived, Elle pushed herself away from Donna and fell back against the opposite hallway wall. Donna stood watching her and put her hands on her own breast. I realized the rough breast play was something she enjoyed herself. She twisted and pulled her own nipples even more violently than Elle's.

As Elle began to come down from her orgasm she turned her head to look at me. She slowly sraightened up and reached over to Donna and pulled one hand from one breast and pulled the brunette with her toward me on the sofa. Donna came with her but her right hand continued to twist her own right breast. Elle reached me with Donna beside her and then my redheaded goddess knelt before me and unzipped my pants and reached in and freed my already hard cock.

Donna knelt beside as Elle began to lick and suck me. Donna began to unbutton my shirt and began to play with my nipples. It was interesting, the pain in my nipple from Donna's slow quiet torture versus the wonderful, soft, wetness I was experiencing from getting my cock sucked by Elle. I pulled Donna's fingers from my nipple before she could tear it off and undid the buttons on her jeans. I growled at her to take them off. She stood up, looking at me with those big brown eyes and slid the jeans down that curvy little body.

Once the jeans were off, she impressed me and slipped the heels back on, I thought Elle was the only woman who liked to fuck in heels. She stood in front of me and put her hands back on her chest. As large as they were, they had no real sag. This time she softly, lightly played with her nipples and she threw her head back sighing.

I looked at her body for a moment. She was wicked cute, with the Bettie Page bangs and a ponytail. Nice toned arms and those incredible giant breasts, a flat stomach, and nice legs. Her hair was nicely trimmed above her pussy. I like my pussy shaved, I'd work on that with this one.

I pulled her down on the couch beside me while Elle continued to suck my cock and play with my balls. I turned to Donna and kissed her lips briefly. I then reached down and pulled my wife's head up... "Eat her," I whispered. Elle looked at me and far more elegantly than I ever could, slid over on her knees to position herself in between Donna's legs.

"Fuck me while I eat her..." Elle said softly.

I slid to the carpet and crawled behind my wife. I watched her head go between Donna's legs and I entered her pussy. She let out a soft groan as I entered her, but she did not stop licking Donna. This was the second threesome we had ever had; the other was Michael in Las Vegas. Michael was still texting Elle, and wanted to come and visit. I was thinking of sending her to New York to visit him for a weekend, she wasn't that interested in him but, as she put it, she did "Have a wicked crush on his big giant dick!"

I could feel the trembling in Elle's body, she was closing in on her second orgasm of the night, and fourth of the entire day, but before she was able to get there Donna exploded, she screamed as her orgasm erupted. Elle rose up, my cock still in her and pulled Donna's mouth against hers. They kissed deeply and held each other while Donna was still in the middle of her orgasm, Elle came again. I tried to stay inside of her but the two of them were bucking so I pulled back and lay back on my elbows and watched the two of them. They were gorgeous together.

It was kind of cute, the way that Donna became shy again after she came down from her orgasm. Donna sat on sofa with her sweater on her shoulder. Elle came out of the bathroom and slid on her dress. Donna asked if we would call her. Elle and I both said yes at the same time then turned and looked at each other and laughed. We had a girlfriend.

After exchanges of phone numbers and my first three way kiss, Elle and I left Donna's cute little apartment. We held each other in the elevator and traded kisses as we walked out to the truck. On the way home, Elle suggested we send Donna some flowers...we had a girlfriend.

End Chapter Two