 Three's Company

--Jon--

I woke up the next morning at around 11 AM with my beautiful girlfriend Tiffany tucked neatly into my arms. I couldn't say the same for the sheets beneath us, though -- they were messy with last night's playtime fluids dried into the weave. At least they'd wash out.

I woke Tiffany up, and we were getting dressed together when she asked me if I'd fingered our roommate Katelyn since the day she'd tricked me into it. My mind was suddenly thrown into freak-out mode...Tiffany has an annoying tendency of being able to know when I've done something she'd consider wrong. My thoughts whirled around in my head, trying to come up with a plausible lie that she might have a small chance of believing.

I'd wasted too much time. She stared at me until I spoke. "Once or twice," I said quietly. I'm sure my face was red as could be. "She squirts when she has a really strong orgasm."

She laughed.

"You're not mad?" I was incredibly confused. Shouldn't my girlfriend be mad at me for fingering another girl?

"Not in the least. Her pussy doesn't taste half bad either." She grinned lecherously. "Have you tasted yet?"

Despite the fact that we've been together for nearly six years now, Tiffany still manages to surprise me with how lenient she can be with regards to me and other women sometimes. "Would you let me?"

"Only if I can join in." I knew there was a catch, but this one I was perfectly fine with. I instantly got a mental image of my girlfriend lying on her back as our roommate licked her pussy. Tiffany must have noticed something because the lecherous grin came back. "Somebody's having dirty tho-oughts," she said in a sing-songy voice.

"Guilty as charged. Do you want to take care of it?" I asked hopefully.

"If I take care of you now what's to say you'll be ready for tonight? I want you full to the brim of cum for us tonight, lover boy." She kissed me and wandered out of the room in a loose tank top and her underwear. I watched her ass as she left and wondered how the hell I got a girl like that.

Since it was a Saturday, none of us had work or classes, and so I left our bedroom and found the girls sprawled out on the couch and already watching a movie. "Breakfast is in the kitchen, there's muffins and waffle batter, and the waffle iron should be heated up," Katelyn called out, not even turning her head to look at me.

I couldn't blame her, though. They were watching Pirates of the Caribbean. I knew how the girls loved mooning over Orlando Bloom and Johnny Depp. So in order to avoid interrupting them, I busied myself in the kitchen with the waffle maker. As my waffle was cooking, I grabbed a plate, a fork, and a glass of orange juice. I took the waffle out when it was done just right, and went into the living room and sat between the two girls, placing my plate and glass on the coffee table in front of me. I kissed Tiffany first, then Katelyn as Johnny Depp clashed swords with someone on-screen.

While they were distracted by the movie, I ate my waffle, then cleaned up the kitchen. It was two PM by the time the movie was done, and as the credits rolled, both girls bounced into the kitchen and hung on my arms -- one girl to an arm.

"We're bored," stated Katelyn. "What are we gonna do?"

"I don't want to go outside unless we're going to the pool," Tiffany said.

"Then let's go!" I suggested. "Get your swimsuits on."

With as much of a boob man that I am, I love swimsuits. There is nothing hotter than seeing my girlfriend's barely-clothed body dripping wet and glistening in the sun. It makes me hard just thinking about it. And even better -- today I'd get to see our curvier roommate's body as well.

We changed into our swimsuits and I grabbed towels and sunscreen. Tiffany and Katelyn both made sure to bend over right in front of me as they rubbed the sunscreen on their legs. I sighed. "It's a shame we're going out right now," I said. "I'd love to stay inside and enjoy this view."

"Maybe later," Tiffany said, winking at me. "Katelyn, be a dear and get my back, please?"

After we'd finished with the application of sunscreen, we went down to the pool in our apartment complex. We swam and played around in the water for a few hours, until we got hungry. I'd made more than a few 'accidental' tit-grabs at my girlfriend and Katelyn both. They blushed, giggled, then playfully slapped me back the first few times, but after that they would glare at me.

I was lounging by the side of the pool when Tiffany came up to me, dripping wet. "I'm ready to go back up, babe," she said softly. Katelyn looked up at us from the water and hoisted herself out of the water.

"If you're going back, I'll come with. No point in being here alone when you two are going to have more fun up in the apartment." I could hear the wink in her voice as she walked over to us.

To me, there is nothing more beautiful than a well-built woman with a well-proportioned body. Both girls looked like goddesses at that moment, and I was nearly at the point where the bulge in my swim trunks was a little more than just noticeable.

We went back upstairs and the girls headed for their separate rooms to change out of their wet bathing suits. I followed Tiffany into our room and closed the door behind me. "Hey there, sexy," I said in a low voice, pulling her close. "You look absolutely delicious right now."

"Stop!" she said quietly. "Do you want Katelyn to hear us?" My only answer was a slow smile. She sighed. "Fine. Since you don't care..." She started to struggle with the knots on her bikini top. I walked over and provided some assistance in undoing the knots. As the top fell from her chest, I turned her around to admire her small but perfect breasts. My girlfriend is an A-cup, but her tits are almost perfectly sized for her small hands. I love watching her nipples grow as she massages and plays with her tits, it's absolutely hard-on-worthy. I lightly ran a finger across her right nipple and she closed her eyes and shivered a little.

I knew she liked when I played with her tits, so I did just that. I took her left nipple into my mouth, warming the cold skin up with my hot tongue and teasing her with everything I had. My hand went straight to work on her right tit, pulling and grabbing and squeezing in a manner meant to make her moan loudly.

And moan she did! Tiffany isn't the loudest of lovers but she won't hide her pleasure anymore, now that we don't have to worry about parents coming around the corner at any minute. I gently bit on her left nipple and she gasped loudly. My tongue played with the swollen bud, swirling around and then a direct hard lick to it every once in a while.

I switched my attentions to the neglected nipple and she sighed and moaned and jerked beneath my body. I love making her react like that, it's the most fun part of any sex we have. She has some of the most violent reactions I've ever seen in a girl and I love watching her body jerk around in the throes of pleasure, knowing that I caused it.

I figured her nipples had had enough attention, and slowly I travelled my way down to the real prize: her pussy. She kept the hair trimmed short, but not shaven, preferring to keep razors away from her sensitive lips. I didn't blame her -- I wouldn't allow a razor anywhere near my balls. Regardless, I kissed a path down her stomach straight to her cunt, then pulled back for a look. She was wet from the tit-play, which made me happy. I wouldn't have to do as much work to get a finger or three into her today as I would sometimes.

I gently stroked a finger from the top of her mound down between her lips. She shuddered and moaned quietly. Her slick folds felt frictionless and my finger slipped into her tight, trimmed snatch with ease. She sighed happily at the intrusion and I slowly pulled my finger out and pushed it back in. After a few repetitions of that, I added a second finger, and she moaned a little louder.

By this time, Katelyn was looking in on us. Not that I knew at the time -- my back was to the door. I slowly continued my finger-fucking of my girlfriend to the sweet music of her pleasured moans. I got onto my knees and gently started licking around her belly button, tracing a leisurely path to her pussy. My tongue circled once around her clit as she jerked and groaned happily.

"Don't...stop...." she panted, twitching and writhing beneath me. "Don't...fucking....stop...OHHHHHH...." A particularly loud moan escaped her as I licked the most sensitive part of her body like a little kid licks a lollipop. A very...adult...lollipop.

I heard a quiet whimper from behind me. I stopped attacking Tiffany's crotch and transferred my attention to the woman behind me. "Katelyn? What the hell?"

"Don't mind me..." she said, breathing heavily. "I was enjoying...the show..." I noticed she had a hand in her pants, probably diddling her clit furiously.

By now, Tiffany had noticed the lack of action between her legs and had propped herself up on her elbows. "What the fuck?" she asked. "Jon did she see...?"

I nodded. Tiffany sighed and said, "Katelyn, if you wouldn't mind..." I saw a look of horror briefly cross Katelyn's face. The movement in her pants ceased. Tiffany grinned, in a way that should only appear on the faces of movie villains. "Get over here and take your damn clothes off."

The horror subsided into a stunned amazement. Katelyn walked into the room, next to the bed I'd pushed Tiffany down onto, and slowly took her pants and shirt off. She wasn't wearing a bra, but her panties were a red, lacy concoction that looked sexy, but uncomfortable to me. Tiffany had complained to me before about how itchy lace underwear was to her.

My cock was hanging freely, and since I was attending to Tiffany, Katelyn decided that she would help me. As her hot mouth engulfed me in its warm wetness, I moaned into Tiffany's pussy, my tongue inside of her hole.

The sensations coming from my crotch were incredible. Tiffany isn't a fan of giving blowjobs, but Katelyn sure is. She played with my balls and sucked like a pro. Hell, she probably was. Her tongue slid up my shaft and swirled a few times around the head. One hand stroked and the other fondled, and hot DAMN did it feel fucking GREAT.

I continued to pleasure Tiffany, licking from bottom to top and using my fingers to fill her up when my tongue wasn't inside of her. I'm not gonna tell you she tasted like pure sugar -- pussies aren't meant to taste like that. She tasted like her pussy, and I happen to like the taste, so I don't mind servicing her orally to a few orgasms before the main event. She always seems to like it, and that's why I love doing it.

Anyways, I was quickly stroking her clit with my tongue when she nearly screamed and I felt warm, slick liquid flowing out onto my chin. Her body jerked violently and she started to giggle like crazy. It was about the same time that I felt my balls tighten slightly and Katelyn quickened her pace. Tiffany was still writhing around, me between her legs, when my balls tightened up even more and I felt the pressure of my first orgasm of the night building up. I grunted and came in Katelyn's mouth, and she managed to swallow a lot of it.

I crawled up onto the bed next to Tiffany and took Katelyn with me. Though Tiffany and I were both kinda tired from the previous activities, we felt it wasn't fair to Katelyn to not be on the receiving end.

Tiffany went down, while I stayed and played with Katelyn's magnificent breasts. They were amazing and soft, pretty much the perfect pair of tits, from my perspective. My face was still wet from Tiffany's pussy juices, and I wiped some of that off onto her breasts as lube. I played with her nipples, pulling on one while sucking on the other. I massaged her tits vigorously. I licked and played and rubbed and watched Tiffany at work between Katelyn's legs.

I didn't know exactly what she was doing, but Katelyn looked like she was loving it, if her reaction was anything to go by. She was moaning pretty loudly and it was starting to get me horny again. I wouldn't be ready for another round for another hour or so, but that was more than enough time to give both girls multiple orgasms.

I continued the tit-play as Tiffany quickly brought Katelyn to orgasm. Like Tiffany, Katelyn shook and shivered and quaked beneath us, moaning but without the giggles that made Tiffany uniquely her. As it wore down, she relaxed and the three of us lay in bed together. I lay between the ladies, Tiffany on my left and Katelyn on my right. I kissed Tiffany's forehead as she snuggled close to me.

Katelyn looked across my chest at Tiffany and kissed her full on the lips. Together, we made a happy threesome, my beautiful girlfriend, my equally beautiful roommate, and myself between them. I couldn't have had a better day if I'd tried.