 I used to make fun of guys like me.

It was easy. I was young and had no real experience with life. The idea of "never say never" was foreign to me. From my point of view everything was very cut and dried. No deviation from the plan. Even when, just after we were married, my wife suggested we see Y Tu Mamá También I was hesitant. I had to watch a move with subtitles?

Not having the benefit of the internet at the time I had no idea what this movie was about. To me it was just a foreign film that I had to sit through. Marie really wanted to go so I figured I could deal with a few hours of boredom. It wasn't my type of movie and I was pretty sure it was going to be entirely forgetful.

Was I ever wrong!

If you have never heard of Y Tu Mamá También I suggest you see it. It's actually very good. Without giving anything away it was basically about a short lived love triangle between a woman and two younger men and takes place in Mexico. I enjoyed the movie much more than I thought I would. Since it was a foreign film I was of course hoping to see nudity. I did mention that this was before I had access to the internet.

The beautiful scenery combined with the increasing sexual tension between all three had me transfixed. I was still hoping for the nudity but I was really into the story. Eventually I got my wish. One night after a lot of drinking and dancing they ended up in a hotel room together.

I had always been a fan of the movie Summer Lovers starring Daryl Hannah which was about a three way relationship between a man and two women. My simple brain wasn't sure how to deal with what I was seeing on the screen before me. Still hoping for maybe a nice shot of her tits I kept watching. 

And then the two guys kissed.

I was shocked. My wife was shocked. She actually let out a very audible gasp. I felt uncomfortable and wanted to look away but I couldn't. This wasn't right. Sex was supposed to be between a man and a woman or between a man and two women at the same time if you were very lucky. That was how God intended it. 

I can't even remember the rest of the movie. After it was over Marie and I walked quietly to the car. Normally we liked to talk about movies afterwards and get each other's take on it. There was nothing but silence. We got into the car and just sat there. After a few minutes I started the car and pulled out of the parking lot. We were half way home when she asked me to pull on to a secluded side street. I wondered at the time why she just couldn't wait until we got home. We could talk about what was on her mind then.

I pulled over, turned off the car and my wife attacked me. 

I'm not talking "attacked me" as in she was a bit aggressive. She was all over me. Marie was ripping off her clothes at same time as trying to mount me in the driver's seat. Thankfully it was summer so there wasn't much to take off but she did hit the horn on the steering wheel a few times with her ass trying to get my shorts off. 

I could feel her hot breath on my neck as she desperately tried to guide me into her. She maneuvered herself so that she could impale herself on me and my cock felt like it was melting inside her. She was so incredibly wet and I was drenched in seconds. My head was spinning. We had fucked so many times before but it was never like this. 

Marie worked her hand in between us and I could feel her move against the base of my cock as she fingered her clit. I was already feeling the pressure building in my balls when she let out a low guttural moan that seemed to come from deep within her. Her entire body tensed up as her orgasm took over. I had no chance now of lasting any longer and unloaded inside her.

I could feel the contractions from her orgasm through my cock as if she were milking me. 

Even when the spasms subsided within her I could still feel her trembling as I held her close. The car windows were beginning to steam up and the smell of sex permeated the air.

That had to be the fastest and most incredible fuck we have ever had.

I pushed Marie back a bit so that I could see her face. Against the soft moon light coming in through the window I saw that she still had a wild look on her face. Her hair was tousled and it seemed that she couldn't focus on me. It was almost as if she was still coming down from her orgasmic high.

"What the fuck was that all about?" was all I could manage to ask.

My voice seemed to startle her. 

"What?" Marie asked. Her breathing was more even now.

"I absolutely loved it but I have no idea what just happened." And I honestly didn't. 

"I...I guess I don't really know," she stammered as she climbed off my lap and sat in her seat, "It just felt right". 

It was more of a question than anything else. For some reason Marie couldn't look me in the eye. She actually looked embarrassed. 

I just smiled and started the car. I pictured us in our favourite restaurant and seeing that wild look on her face I saw earlier. Worst case scenario we get arrested. At the very least we get banned.

We didn't talk about it when we got home. In fact we didn't talk about for a long time. Things returned to normal and our sex life continued on as it had before. I also stopped being concerned about Marie attacking me in public. The memory of that night stayed with me though and was occasionally the motivation for my many extended jerk off sessions. 

Fast forward about 4 years. We decided to spend the money and brought the wonderful and exciting world of the internet into our lives. Up until this point Marie and I would buy Penthouse Letters and read them together. We enjoyed the stories immensely and would talk about some of our favourite scenarios to spice things up a bit. It was safe and mostly pretty standard stuff. 

The internet change all this very quickly. 

What I had access to was very new to me. Up to that point porn could only be purchased in seedy little stores in seedy little strip malls and, being from a relatively small town, I wasn't going to take a chance of being seen going into one. Besides, Marie wasn't really interested in porn instead preferring to read stories. So I didn't push it

For good or bad the internet gave me an entirely new collection of material to use to enhance my solo sessions. Marie would occasionally work night shifts and was well aware of the fact that I enjoyed taking things into my own hands. I needed to do it and she was ok with it. I'm pretty sure that the Vatican would be disappointed in me but it was guilt free self-abuse and life was good.

Things would have continued on this way too if it hadn't been for Jack.

I think that everyone has a "Jack" in their life. Someone that doesn't seem to have that filter that keeps them from saying whatever is on their mind no matter what the situation. Don't get me wrong...Jack is a great guy and one of my best friends. We have known each other forever and I can honestly say that I would trust him with my life. He just can't help it. A more open and honest person you will never find.

We shared a house with a few others back in university and he was never shy about walking around in the nude or announcing to no one in particular that he was heading off to bed to "choke the chicken". Jack was completely comfortable with himself and there was no pretense about him. I guess we in turn became comfortable with the way he was. There was never any attraction on my part; it wouldn't even have been on my radar instead it was more of an appreciation of how cool it must be to be Jack.

We kept in touch as much as we could after we graduated and lived within a drive-able distance to each other so it was possible to get together from time to time. I got married a few years before he did and luckily the four of us got along well. Looking back on it now anyone who would marry him would have to be a pretty laid back and understanding person. Suzanne definitely was that person. Our favourite saying when we did get together was that he was just "being Jack".

The weekend that changed my life forever started out innocently enough. As had happened a few times before Marie arranged a girl's weekend away with her friends and Suzanne was a part of that group. Typically what would then happen is Jack would come to visit for the weekend and he and I would hang out. We had just installed a hot tub so I figured we could try it out. Jack seemed particularly happy to hear about our new purchase when I told him. Hindsight is 20/20 but at the time I just thought he really liked hot tubs.

Jack and I went out to get some pizza shortly after the girls left and headed back to my house to relax. I was planning on putting on the TV and seeing if there was a movie we could watch but Jack kept eyeing the hot tub through our back window.

"Is the tub good to go in now?" he asked, "like...is it ready?"

"Sure, " I answered, "I check the levels every day."

He quickly got up and went out the back door on to our patio. Jack stood in front the hot tub and looked at it for a long minute. Almost as if he was taking in its beauty. I was watching him through the window trying to figure out what his plan was when he turned his head to me, smiled and started to strip.

"Shit," I sighed, "just can't wait can he?"

I ran upstairs to put on my swim suit and grab a few towels and then headed out to the patio. Once outside I threw the towels on to a chair and stepped up to get into the tub.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" Jack was half laughing at me.

"What?" I stopped and looked at him not quite getting his question. 

Jack was sitting in the hot tub looking up at me. It was getting dark and the lights in the hot tub made it easy to see Jack's form through the swirling water. He looked pretty comfortable sitting there with his legs spread wide open. He was being Jack.

"Are you kidding me? Its dark...your back yard is secluded. Seriously dude! No one can see you. Take those fucking stupid things off." 

I hesitated. I was not like Jack. I had confidence in myself but not Jack level confidence. It's not like it was a penis-size thing either. As far as I could tell we were close enough in size. To be honest I didn't know what my issue was.

"Strip...strip...strip!" Jack started chanting loudly. 

"You aren't helping here." I sniped. Turning my back on him I pulled off my suit and quickly jumped in the water. 

"I think I saw something but it is a little cool out here," Jack laughed.

"Fuck you!" I growled. 

I sunk lower into the water until it was up to my chin and sighed contentedly. Getting this hot tub was one of the smartest things that I ever did. I was very surprised that Marie agreed to it. I figured that it would be my Christmas and birthday present for the next 10 years. The sound and warmth of the swirling water was quickly sending me into a state of relaxation. The noise level was almost become muted as I the thoughts of my stressful day at work started to evaporate into the...

"Do you and Marie watch porn together?"

Jack's question quickly snapped me out of my reverie and dragged me back to reality. The sound of the water came rushing in. 

"What...why would you... what?" I couldn't even form a coherent thought.

"I said... do you and Marie watch porn together?" Jack asked slowly almost deliberately emphasizing each word.

"I assume that you do," he continued, "but I'm wondering if you watch it together?"

"Why would you think that I watch porn?" I tried to conceal my discomfort with the subject matter. 

Jack just started laughing. I didn't think that it was really that funny but he kept laughing.

"Come on! I bet the first night you had the internet hooked up you were up to 3 am beating off."

"No...not at all. I think that you..."

"You know? Jackin' the Beanstalk? Celebrating Palm Sunday? Going on a date with Fisty Palmer?" He cut me off with a litany of masturbation euphemisms. 

"What is this? High school?" I managed to squeak out.

Leaning forward he looked me directly in the eye. 

"Are you telling me that you haven't searched the internet for porn? Even once?" He was getting closer than I felt comfortable with; both with the subject matter and physically.

What was my problem? I definitely did watch porn on line and loved it. Marie knew about it which made it alright. I guess I wanted to protect her and not have Jack think that she watches it too? Maybe? 

"Marie doesn't watch porn!" I blurted out a little too quickly. I instantly regretted it. This is Jack. He smells fear.

"Ok! Ok! No problem. So Marie doesn't watch porn. Ok. I'm good with that." 

We sat in silence for a few minutes. Maybe he was going to let it go.

"But...you do...right"?

Fuck! He was so very good at this. I loved this guy but sometimes he could be such a prick. I waited for a moment trying to think.

"I may have...on occasion...you know...checked it out," was all I could trust myself to say.

"Finally we are getting somewhere," Jack exclaimed gleefully, "we have now established that you do indeed jerk off to porn on the internet." 

I was waiting for the rest.

"We now have to determine," he continued, "whether or not Marie knows that you do...AND what you do when you do?"

He had me so confused. What did he just say? 

"Why are you doing this?" I asked. He was breaking me.

"We're just talking here. Just a conversation between buddies. Right?"

"I guess," I replied still not trusting where he was taking this "conversation".

We sat in silence for a few minutes. There was no way he was letting this go.

"So?" he asked almost gently.

"So what?" I closed my eyes and asked resignedly. I knew what was coming but still had no idea what I was going to say.

"Does she know?" he maintained that quiet almost fatherly tone. I knew he was leading me on.

I opened my eyes and looked at him. 

"Yes! She knows," I admitted.

"And she is good with it?" 

An old saying came to mind quickly. "In for a penny, in for a pound". 

"Yes. She is very good with it actually. She is happy that I am happy and she trusts me." 

There...I said it. I felt instantly better and maybe more confident. Wrong move.

"Fucking A!" Jack sat back and leaned against the seat. He closed his eyes as if he were picturing something. I had no doubt about what he was thinking.

We again sat for a while is total silence. It was nice. I was feeling more comfortable about sitting in a hot tub naked. Even if it was with Jack. There was nothing sexual about it. The sense of freedom was actually quite refreshing.

Jack suddenly sat up and looked at me, "IF...as you say...Marie indeed doesn't watch porn?"

"She doesn't like it!" I exclaimed sounding a little too forceful. 

"What does she like then?" 

"She likes to read stories," as soon as I said it I knew that I was screwed. 

Jack sat back again and smiled. 

"Old school! I like it. So she reads erotica? That really, really turns me on. I have so much more respect for her than I had before and I didn't think that was possible."

Jack had a look on his face that I recognized immediately.

"What are you doing?" I don't know why I asked the question since I was pretty sure I wasn't going to like the answer.

"Oh...I'm just picturing Marie lying in bed reading and stuff"

It was the "and stuff" that concerned me.

"What kind of stories does she like to read? I'm thinking group sex. That would be amazing. Or better yet... Lesbian. God let it be Lesbian," He was in his element now. 

"Don't tell me that you haven't fantasized about Suzanne?" he continued.

I quickly looked away. There wasn't a chance that I was going to go there. 

"She's hot. I don't blame you. You have to know that I've stroked it so many times thinking about the two of them getting it on?" 

He leaned back and closed his eyes again. I knowing smile spread across his face.

He was getting to me. I don't mean that he was annoying me. He was getting to me. I was desperately trying to ignore the tingling in my balls and kept my legs clamped together tightly. This wasn't good. What if he sees that I was getting aroused? It's not about him. He was talking about our wives having sex. That's what it was! 

I also couldn't ignore the fact that I was naked in a hot tub with another man...who was also naked...and I was getting hard! This really wasn't good. 

Try as I might I couldn't stop looking at him. It seemed like his eyes were fully closed and, knowing Jack, they probably were. He didn't have to actually see me looking at him to know that I was. How in the world does someone get that sort of confidence in life? 

Then I did the one thing that was the catalyst for all events to follow. I looked at his dick. I had seen it countless times before but this was different. First of all I was fully erect at the moment and secondly I was pretty sure he was too. The swirling of the water distorted things but it became pretty obvious to me that he did indeed have a hard on and he wasn't trying to hide it. 

My anxiety level shot through the roof and Jack just kept looking like he could fall asleep at any moment. At that moment I wanted to be anywhere but in that hot tub with him but at the same time I didn't want to leave. I had seen many videos with guys in them and really didn't give them a second look. Here was a real live hard dick within three feet of me. 

It suddenly dawned on me that, if I could see him, there was no doubt that he could see me. I clamped my legs together tighter but it didn't help. In fact it made it worse. My dick was sticking straight up and there was no way of covering it up.

As if he read my mind Jack quickly stood up and announced that he had to go take care of something. In order to make sure in no uncertain terms I knew what he was talking about he wrapped his hand around his cock and gave it a few strokes. He stepped out of the hot tub, grabbed his towel, headed toward the door. 

I must have looked stupid sitting there with a blank look on my face. I was shocked.

He stopped at the door and turned to me. 

"You had better get out of the water. It looks like you are getting all puffy and swollen." 

I looked down and my cock was very easily seen under the water. Glancing back at Jack I saw that his cock was jutting proudly looking like it was sculpted from marble. It was cut and looked to be about the same length as mine. Just about average. 

I imagined that it was probably the most perfect cock that I would ever see.

He stepped through the door and went inside. I was left alone with my thoughts and hard dick. I waited until I saw him head upstairs before I got out and sat on the edge of the tub. I couldn't hold off any longer and grabbed my cock. It was painfully hard and I knew that it really wouldn't take long. I wanted to cum so badly. 

I spread my legs and with my right hand grabbed my dick while massaging my taint with my left. I imagined Marie between my legs sucking on me while I jerked off into her mouth. She has the most amazing lips and I love watching them wrapped the head of my cock. Her slow blowjobs are a work of art to me.

I then pictured Jack standing beside me while she was kneeling in front of us. She was sucking on Jack's cock while at the same time jerking me off. This was something that would have been unthinkable before but just imagining it almost sent me over the edge. 

My heart was pounding in my chest and I was getting light headed as my hand was furiously working my cock. My mind wandered again and I saw myself reaching down to wrap my fingers around Jack's thickness while Marie was sucking on his head. In my mind it felt hot against my palm, pliable yet hard. Very foreign and yet very familiar. 

Sweet desperate pain emanated from deep within my balls and, just as I envisioned him exploding into her mouth, my own cock sent forth spurt after spurt of hot cum. I kept pumping my still hard cock and waves of pleasure washed over me. I had nothing more to coax from my balls yet I was still cumming. 
