 Author's Note: 

This submission is part two of a story that I had way too much fun writing. Like a lot of stories there is a balance of fact and fiction. Just how much is fact and how much is fiction you will only be able to guess but let's just say I consider this an ad-hoc persuasive letter to my wife. I have been writing stories for her for a while and she always looks forward to reading them. She is my greatest fan! 

I do feel it necessary for you to read part one so you can understand who these people are. Enjoy! 

***** 

I have to begin by saying that I had always considered myself to be a patient guy. When Marie and I were newly married I worked as a house painter for a while and if there is anything that teaches patience it's painting. Endless hours of finishing trim help develop endurance. If you don't have the fortitude to complete the work you don't get paid. 

I was now facing a brand new challenge. This one threatened to break down my resistance and defeat me. 

It had been about a month since I told Marie about the weekend with Jack and I found myself becoming increasingly preoccupied thinking about it. I realized that she had given me the go ahead with setting up a scenario where something could possibly happen between the three of us but I wondered if she really had been thinking clearly. Did her impending orgasm have anything to do with it? 

I wanted more than anything to bring it up again with her but also didn't want to make it seem like I was too eager. There was no doubt that I was. I couldn't stop thinking about what might happen. I just had to be careful. 

Jack was pretty happy when he heard that Marie and I talked about it. We emailed back and forth several times that next week and I was a little shocked at how much it thrilled me whenever I had a message waiting from him. I knew that it was going to be about sex and it excited me. The conversation was fairly one sided at first. He wanted to know everything that happened that night and I was very uncomfortable putting this in writing. 

The fact that I wasn't giving too much detail at first brought out a side of Jack that I had never seen before. He became increasingly desperate in his messages. I realized there was a definite shift in the balance of power in our relationship and I liked it. 

My fantasies changed as well and I was turned on by the idea of controlling things more. It would never have been a consideration before but, ever since Marie asked me if Jack would give me a blow job, I was drawn to the idea of taking charge and having many hands and mouths on me at once. It was amazing how the thin veneer of normalcy was quickly dissolving. At least what I thought was normal. 

On a particularly cool Friday evening I was sitting in the hot tub on my own enjoying the pulsing of the jets washing over me. I had been daydreaming about Suzanne and me watching Marie giving Jack a slow, sensual handjob and my cock was fully erect. I was purposely not touching myself instead revelling in the sensation of the hot water washing over me. 

I was so lost in my thoughts that I didn't hear Marie come outside. She was already in the water before I realized that she was there. She touched her foot to mine pulling me out of my reverie. I opened my eyes and saw her smiling at me. 

"Mind if I join you?" she asked. 

"As long as you're naked." I smiled back. 

She made her way over to my side and, leaning over me, held her breast against my face. She traced my lips with her hardened nipple, teasing me with it. Marie has exquisite areolas and I could feel the tiny bumps on them against my lips. With my tongue I lightly flicked at her and she sighed contentedly. 

Reaching between my legs she wrapped her hand around my hardness. 

"Oh my," she exclaimed, "what have we here?" 

I closed my eyes enjoying the feeling of her hand on me. 

"It seems like it's angry with me. Is your cock angry with me?" she joked. 

"Uh huh," I mumbled, "it wants to punish you." 

Much to my disappointment Marie released me from her grip and returned to the other side of the tub. 

"What were you thinking about that brought this on?" she asked with a smirk on her face. 

"Maybe it was the fact that you had your gorgeous tits in my face?" I countered. 

"That could be possible," she paused for a second, "except that I am very sure it was like that before I got in." 

"Tell me what you were thinking about." she repeated. 

I leaned my head back against the edge of the tub and closed my eyes. I have never lied to her and figured that now wasn't the time to start. 

"I was watching you." I began. 

"Watching me do what?" 

"I was watching you give someone a handjob." I chose my words carefully wanting to see how she would react. 

"I'm assuming that it wasn't you?" she teased. 

"You are correct." 

"I'm also assuming that it was Jack?" she guessed. 

"It was." I agreed. 

"Where were we when this was happening?" Marie asked quietly. 

My hardon wasn't going away anytime soon. She was settling in and wanted a story. 

"The four of us were here in the hot tub." I began. 

"Suzanne and I are together and Jack is sitting on edge. You are in between his legs teasing him, barely touching him. He is looking down at you while you trace your fingertips along his inner thighs but you won't touch his cock. He wants you to so badly but you are in control." 

Her eyes were closed and she was lying back in the sloped hot tub seat. 

"He wants to see your tits but you mostly stay underneath the water. His pleasure is in your control." I watched her body react to my voice. 

I spoke quietly so that she could just hear me above the noise of the water. 

"He is so hard. Your face is inches from him and you are fascinated with the veins on the underside of his cock. They are pulsing. You want to feel them with your tongue but you stop yourself. You know you should wait because you want him begging for you to make him cum." 

I wanted to touch my own cock but also didn't want this to end. 

"Play with your nipples for me." 

Marie cupped her breasts in her hands and started to pinch her nipples between her thumbs and fingers. 

"Does that feel good?" I asked quietly. 

"Oh yeah," she half moaned, "Please don't stop." 

Pausing for a moment I watched her rubbing her thighs together under the water. I always marvelled at my wife. Until she met me she never masturbated. I guess it was her strict Catholic upbringing that stopped her. Now I can get her to do it so easily. She has often said that I have corrupted her. I take a lot of pleasure in that fact. 

"He wants to touch himself but you stop him. You want him to say nothing and do nothing. You love being able to control him and you know that from his perspective, he can see that you are only inches from him. So close that he can feel your hot breath on his balls." I kept my voice low and even not wanting to break her from this spell. 

Marie stretched her legs out and pointed her toes; a sure sign that she was very turned on. I wondered for a moment if she would be able to cum without even touching herself. 

I continued on, "You run your hands up his thighs to his stomach and then to his chest; stopping to lightly pinch his nipples. He loves that. Pressing harder you slowly move your hands down and come closer to his cock being careful not to touch it. You stop over his pubic bone and press your hand there. His cock spasms from the pressure of your touch." 

I couldn't resist anymore and had to touch myself. I wrapped my hand around the base of my cock and squeezed. The hot water had loosened my skin on my sac and, with my other hand, I gently played with my balls. 

"He is starting to tremble as he anticipates your first contact." Just the thought of her touching him almost made me cum. I had to back off when I started feeling that sweet pain begin deep within me. 

"You want to touch him now don't you?" I questioned her. 

Marie just nodded her head slowly. 

"Spread your legs for me. Play with your pussy." I was enjoying this. 

Although I couldn't see I knew that she had opened herself up to me. Her right hand slipped underneath the water and rested between her legs. The muscles of her forearm were flexing and I could tell that she was gently rubbing her clit. 

"Finally you very lightly trail your finger from his balls to his cockhead and then back down again. He seems to grow even thicker with that first touch." 

I so badly want to cum too but I resist the urge so I could finish the story quickly. Marie was fingering her pussy with more intensity. 

"He is begging you to wrap your hand around his cock and finish him off. Instead you gently encircle the head of his penis with your fingers and cup his balls with your other hand." 

I moved over to her side of the tub and ran my hands up and down Marie's thighs; to be close for when she finished herself off. 

"With a light grip," I continue, "you slide your hand down the length of his cock and back up quickly. You are hardly touching him but the feeling to him is incredible. He pushes his pelvis up to you to try to get you to suck on him. He is so close to cumming." 

Marie's orgasm was building. I felt compelled to make sure that Jack came in my story just when she did. 

"Your hand is wet with his precum and you tighten your grip on him." I am talking faster to match the speed that I imagine Marie is stroking his cock. 

"You sense his body tensing now and his balls tighten in your hand." I paused slightly in my story until I felt that Marie's orgasm was imminent. She began contracting and then relaxing her thigh muscles and had arched her back so that her hand was just under the surface of the water. She was almost frantic in her attempt to coax this elusive climax out of her. 

Jack needed to cum now. 

"He is starting to peak so you suck on the underside of his cockhead and jerk him faster," I am desperate to help her finish, "his cock throbs against your lips and he can't hold off any longer." 

Marie's hand was a blur moving over her pussy and water was splashing everywhere. 

"He grabs the back of your head holding your lips hard to him. You can't move. All you can do is suck harder and feel his climax overtake him." 

I could feel my own orgasm building and through sheer will power forced it to momentarily recede. 

"His cock pulses and he sends stream after stream of cum onto his stomach. His body convulses as each wave passes." 

The full force of her orgasm washed over her and she spasmed almost violently, momentarily losing control of her body. Marie had pushed herself further up the seat and she was almost halfway out of the water. 

Watching my beautiful wife surrender to the pleasure was too much for me and I finally gave in to the inevitable. Spasms started even before I managed to sit on the edge of the tub and wrap my hand around my cock. I stroked myself faster now and was past the point of no return shooting load after load onto my stomach. I kept pumping and my climax seemed to be without end. 

With the final contractions I squeezed the head of my cock, forcing the remaining contents of my balls to collect on my hand. 

I was stuck because I was shaking from the intensity of my orgasm and I couldn't trust myself to stand. I had also a substantial amount of cum to deal with. 

Her eyes were still closed and she was lightly trailing her finger along the length of her slit. She looked absolutely perfect backlit by the lights in the hot tub and her nipples stood out like top hats seemingly begging me to suck on them. 

Still I didn't move. She seemed to be enjoying her post-orgasmic bliss and I didn't want to disturb her. 

It was most likely the sound of my teeth chattering from the cool night air that brought Marie out of her trance. She laughed when she opened her eyes and finally looked up at me. Sitting naked on the edge of the hot tub, shivering, with my softened dick in my hand and covered with jizz I must have been quite the site. 

"You idiot," she squealed, "You must be freezing!" 

Marie quickly got out of the water and grabbed a towel to start cleaning me up. 

I just smiled at her. 

"That was fucking incredible." Was all I could manage. 

Marie threw the towel onto the patio and pulled me back into the water. 

"That is because you have such a delightfully wicked imagination." She cooed as she climbed onto my lap facing me. 

My brain was still in a fog and everything seemed surreal to me. I was quickly warming up under the water. 

"You enjoyed the story then?" 

Marie buried her face into the nape of my neck and wrapped her arms around me, "I'm pretty sure you could tell that I did." 

I decided to press forward despite my apprehension about bringing up a potentially sensitive subject. 

"So," I started slowly, "if you were to hypothetically see two guys sitting in this very hot tub you wouldn't have a problem with that?" 

"Why would I?" Marie's voice was soft and sexy. 

"And if they happen to not have anything on?" I added. 

"It would be silly to be wearing anything." She purred. 

The direction of this conversation was definitely having an effect on Marie. She was straddling me and pressing her thighs against me tightly. I had my hands on her ass and gently massaged her at the same time pulling her closer to me. 

"You do realize that you would have a great view of the hot tub from the guest room?" I glanced toward the second floor window that was directly above us. 

She sat up and, feigning surprise, looked me in the eye. "What would I be able to see from that window?" 

I chose my words very carefully. "I'm pretty sure you will be able to see anything that might pique your interest". 

Marie glanced up at the window and then back to me. 

"It can be pretty dark down here at night. I guess the lights would have to be on in the tub for me to see anything." 

"If you were up in that room watching," I continued, "and the lights just happen to be on in the tub, what would you be interested in seeing...hypothetically speaking I mean?" 

Marie smiled and bit her lower lip. She looked so fucking sexy when she did that. 

"If we are just talking here I guess if I happen to see two guys sitting naked in a hot tub and they just happen to be aroused to the point that they are touching themselves under the water I guess I wouldn't mind watching." 

"Do these guys know what each other are doing under the water?" I wanted to see how far she would take this. 

"No," she looked thoughtful for a moment, "not at first. I think that they were just enjoying themselves." 

"Please go on." I encouraged her. I was enjoying how our roles had reversed in such a short time. We were definitely venturing into uncharted territory. 

"They seem to be pretty comfortable being naked in front of each other so there might have been a bit of a history between them." 

As she was talking Marie ground her pussy into me. Having just had one of the best self-administered orgasms of my life there wasn't a chance that I was going to get hard again anytime soon so instead I repositioned her in order to work my hand between her legs. 

Spreading her thighs wider she allowed me better access and I quickly located her clit; vibrating it with my middle finger I intentionally kept my touch light, not wanting to distract her. I wanted her to cum again but not too quickly. Her story was too intriguing. 

She relaxed against me resting her head on my shoulder. 

"I don't know for sure if they have ever done anything together but the interest is there. I can tell they want to watch each other and in turn want to be watched. " 

I said nothing so as to not break her train of thought. 

"At some point one of them comments on how hot the water is and he needs to sit on the edge of the hot tub to cool off. He warns the other that the swirling water might have gotten him slightly aroused." 

"His friend says to go ahead and that it won't bother him." 

Marie's voice was barely above a whisper now. Her body was reacting to both her story and to my attention to her clit. 

"He lifted himself out of the water slowly; intentionally taking his time. He was enjoying this and was hoping for some sort of reaction." 

At that moment I realized two things. First of all she was good at this and secondly I was wrong about something. My cock was now at full attention and wanted in on the action. I ignored it and instead increased the pressure and tempo of my finger on her. She was pressing herself against me; wordlessly demanding that I press harder. 

"It was dark out but the lights in the tub glistened off his body. His friend gasped when his cock came into view. He thought was how perfect it looked almost as if it was created from the imagination of some great artist." 

She was beginning to have difficulty focusing now and there were pauses in her story. Her hold on me tightened making it harder for me to attend to her. 

"He imagined holding it...feeling it throb in his powerful hand. His own prick begged for release." 

I kept increasing the pressure of my finger to match the gyrations of her hips. I couldn't even tell if was hitting the right spot but Marie didn't seem to notice. 

She was silent now. 

"Does he really want to feel that beautiful cock in his hand?" I picked up where she left off. 

"Mmmmmm." was all she could say. 

"Do you want to see him suck his cock?" I whispered in her ear. She was squeezing me so hard I was almost breathless. 

"Yeah!" 

"Do you want to see him suck my cock?" 

Marie didn't have time to answer. Her orgasm surged through her and all I could do was hold on. I kept working her clit with my finger until her climax peaked and just as quickly started fading away. Marie's hold on me slackened and I felt I could finally take a full breath again. I kept pressure against her satiated pussy and could feel the residual contractions through the palm of my hand. 

She was completely spent and didn't appear to want to move anytime soon. My penis was still fully erect but I figured it could wait. I had my answer and my mind was racing with question after question. 

The main one being how was I going to make this happen? 

I was very restless that night so, after Marie fell asleep, I went to my office and turned on my computer. Normally I would have masturbated watching some porn however I had more pressing matters to take care of. 

I wanted to tell Jack what happened and see what his reaction was but I didn't trust e-mail. After a bit of research I figured out that I didn't have to be absolutely truthful when setting up an account. I could use an alias and pretend I was someone else. I also discovered a new tool and instead of using e-mail I could send him instant messages. 

Within a short time I had everything set up and was ready to go. Now the doubts started creeping in. If I went ahead with my plan there would be no backing out. With Jack there was no half way. Either you go big or you go home. I sat in front of my screen for what seemed like hours before I typed my first word. 

Hey! 

It wasn't much but it took all of my mental capacity to come up with that one word. I really had no idea how this was supposed to work and if he was even going to see it. I had to assume that he needed to actually have his e-mail open to get my message which meant he had to be sitting at his computer at 3:07 in the morning. 

I sat staring at that blinking cursor feeling more and more ridiculous as time went on. How long before I gave up and headed to bed? I was pretty sure the beating of my heart was in sync with the blinking of the cursor on my screen and I quickly went from hoping that he would respond to being afraid that he actually would. 
