 I immediately get pushed to my knees, and a penis flops on to my face. I don't usually enjoy being submissive during sex, but I don't see many options here. Before I give in to sucking the dick in front of me, I try and remember what role this man had with Our Girl. What hole did he fuck, and how long did it take? But my thoughts are pushed aside as his hands grab my head, and he forces three fingers into my mouth. His fingers fuck my face and then are replaced with his dick. For a moment I think about protesting, but I really do love sucking dick. 

I begin to eagerly suck and swallow his cock as far down my throat as I can. I can taste the juices from Our Girl. I've always thought she tasted spicy. I work at getting his cock hard, but I know he just came. It occurs to me that round two may take a lot longer than the trucker's first round with Our Girl, but I am determined to give this man the best blow job that I know how to. I am so focused on this one penis that I begin to block everything that is going on around me. I realize that this must be the man with the wedding ring and the average sized penis. After what feels like forever, I feel Our Girl place my Laya vibrator between my legs against my clit. The feeling shocks me, and I moan loudly around the dick in my mouth.

Sitting on the floor, I get backed against the side of the bed, my head held firm against the mattress by the men as they take turns fucking my face. Spit is rolling down my face and tits. The man with the skinny penis pushes himself in to my mouth and starts fucking in long smooth strokes. His cock is sliding roughly down my throat. I make sure my lips are wrapped around his cock tightly to make my mouth the best fuck hole possible. I begin to think about how abused my face is, and how dirty it is having the hole in my face fucked. 

My orgasm begins taking over my body. I scream and moan around the skinny penis. The vibrations from my screams are all he can take. He slams his cock hard and deep into my throat. I can feel this dick pulsing and his cum sliding down my throat. He pulls out and steps back. I realize that all of the men are watching me convulse in my massive orgasm. Just as I finish cumming, I collect myself enough to see that the number of men in the room has grown.

A man, who I swear was not in here during round one, steps forward and pulls me up to the bed, pushing me onto my back, so that he can fuck me from over the side. He directs our girl to sit on my face, and he pulls her head down so he can take turns fucking my pussy and her face. My pussy is still throbbing from the orgasm, and my juices are overflowing all over the man's thighs.

I can tell that Our Girl is having a good time sucking my juices off of the cock and flicking her tongue over my clit. She knows me well enough to know that the stimulation is probably more than I can take. I am having a hard time concentrating on the pussy in front of my face. Soon, I take notice of how wet and gooey Our Girl is. I dip my tongue inside to have a taste. I am a little disappointed. It seems as though Our Girl wiped herself up before climbing on to my face.

I decide to close my eyes and focus on the pussy in my face and I try to let myself get worked up into a sex charged trance. I love the warmth of all of the bodies pressed against mine, especially the feeling of Our Girl's tits. I wrap my arms around her torso and begin giving her back gentle soft tickles. When I begin tickling her bum, she wiggles a little, letting out a small laugh.

Someone climbs on to the bed above my head, and a dick pushes between my mouth and Our Girl's pussy. I open my eyes and realize my hubby has joined us. I continue licking, and my hubby pushes up into Our Girl's pussy. After a few thrusts, all of the juices left in Our Girls pussy slide out and begin spilling onto my face. I greedily slurp the cum up and swallow it, sad there isn't more. My hubby cums quickly and pulls out to let me clean his dick off with my mouth. I happily comply, glad for some more cum to taste and swallow.

The man fucking my pussy and Our Girl's mouth soon pulls out and busts a load in and on Our Girl's mouth. But, he is quickly replaced with another cock. I try to keep count with how many men have gotten off but I'm too worked up to concentrate.

The men form a line and take turns fucking. One of the men fucking Our Girl pulls out. I can tell he isn't ready to cum, but it's too much for him. He loses his load all over my face. He squeezes ever drop out of his quickly softening member. Another man steps up to my pussy and pushes himself deep inside and, almost instantly, losses his load.

Our Girl starts putting on a show for the men, who have their eyes locked on us. She slides her fingers inside of me and begins fucking and pushing the cum out of my pussy and onto her hand. She rubs the loads that slide onto her hand around her face and into her mouth. I hear another man in the room grunt, and he steps forward, losing his load of cum all over Our Girl and me.

Moments like these are what make real life so much better than porn. It's not a scene, there is no planning, everything is unpredictable, and there is no script. The feeling of his hot cum splattering over our bodies was one of the hottest experiences of the evening.

Our girl is pulled off of me and pushed to her knees. She is barely able to open her eyes due to the massive wads of cum strewn across her face. Someone tells me to turn around and hang my head over the side of the bed. I follow this stranger's direction quickly, excited for what he might have in mind.

We are surrounded by men jacking themselves off. Our Girl has her head tilted back and mouth wide open. I look at her, and she looks so needy, so ready for more, and so excited by it all. It seems as though she is really looking forward to being painted with cum.

Soon the men start cumming aiming their loads on my face. Our Girl watches in disappointment as man after man drains their cum onto my face. Our girl is led to my face, and I feel her tongue and lips sucking the cum off of my face. I try to repress my giggles as her tongue glides and flicks across my face's sensitive skin.

What happens next catches me off guard. Our Girl spits all of the gathered cum into my mouth! My first thought is how much trouble she is going to be when we get home and I have the chance to put Our Girl back into her place. I swish these wads around in my mouth and roll over to swap it back into her mouth and all over her face. It drips out all over her tits, and we smear it around.

We don't get the chance to play long with the collection of cum. Someone grabs me by the ankles and pulls me all of the way back onto the bed. Positioning me onto my side, he tries fucking me from behind. Another man lies near my head and starts fucking my face. Our Girl uses Laya on my clit. The fucking has taken its toll on my body, and I am exhausted. I lay there with my eyes closed and let these strange men use me.

I open my mouth, relax my throat, and try to not let anything get in the way of the man's cock fucking my face. I realize the man struggling to get into my pussy was the man with the large cock. The cum has made my pussy wet and slippery, and he doesn't fail to shove it inside. Soon he is pounding my pussy hard.

The two men have gotten a good rhythm going. The man pounding from behind starts whispering in my ear. He is telling how much of a whore I am. Suddenly he bites my ear, squeezes my tits, and stays still. I can feel his cum filling my pussy.

As he moves to make room for the next man, the guy fucking my mouth enthusiastically climbs over me and pushes deep inside. His penis wasn't nearly as impressive, and it slips in with no problem. He fucks for a while before deciding he is going to try to force it into my ass. He whispers something to me about fucking a hole that hasn't been used up. My body is so relaxed, and his cock is so sloppy with cum, that it pushes in without too much of a problem.

Our Girl is getting excited watching me getting fucked in the ass. She lifts my leg, so she can watch closer. She pushes my vibrator against my clit and begins furiously fingering herself. I can tell by her sighs and her body language she is close. I surprise myself as another orgasm starts to take my body over again, and it isn't long before I climax.

Our Girl slides her fingers in my pussy and starts finger fucking me as she masturbates herself. The feeling of all of the fluids running down her hand sends our Girl into a wave of orgasms. She bucks and moans as she fingers both of our clits. This must have been what the guy in my ass needed. He immediately started cumming with us. He continues to fuck as he cums, clenching his eyes closed and concentrating on every detail before pulling out.

I lay on the bed waiting for another trucker to replace the last, but no one does. Our Girl stirs me from my trance. I'm annoyed, because I like to lay and soak in the feeling of a good orgasm. I look around to find that the room is empty. Our Girl, my hubby, and I are all that remain. The mattress was half fucked off of the bed, and a pile of dirty hotel towels are all that remain from the group and our afternoon of fun.

*

I write these for free, but I do love a good comment for a story well written. 

If you enjoyed it, tell me about it!