 By Ashley and 'Jake'

Jake and his friends were having a few drinks at their favorite bar, talking about random things like football and catching up with one another. When they noticed her walking in. They knew her as Phil's sister, though Phil wasn't with them that night, since he got plans with his girlfriend. It was only him, Jared, Barry and Stan. They were glad Phil wasn't with them that evening, because they all really liked his sister.

Jake shouted over to her, asking if she wanted to join them for a few drinks.

"Heeeeey guys." Ashley said and giggled, she was slightly drunk, as she noticed the guys standing there, and she walked over towards them. While she walked over, her breasts slightly bounced in her tight, red dress that she was wearing.

"How's it going boys?" She asked and grinned as she checked the guys out a bit.

"We're all good, just having a few drinks. Got any plans tonight?" Jake asked her, hoping she didn't have any.

"Nooo, not really. Already had a lot of drinks with my friend Laura, but she went off with some hot guy." She explained as she singled the barkeeper for a beer.

"What about you guys?" She asked as she checked out the guys some more, noticing how hot they all looked. "Where's my brother?"

"He's on his date with Jill." Said Jared, and the rest of the guys all roll their eyes, because none of them though Jill looked all that good. She was also a bit annoying, so she was the subject about a lot of jokes from them towards Phil.

"Least he's got a girlfriend though." Stan said, bringing them crashing down to Earth with a harsh bump, they were all single guys. And those single guys couldn't stop trying to look down Ashley's red dress.

"Aw, don't be to hard on Jill, she's a nice girl." She said and smiled as she noticed the guys all checking her out. "And her pussy tastes pretty nice." She said and giggled some more as she took a big sip from her newly acquired beer. "So how come handsome guys like you don't have any girlfriends?"

"Maybe our standards are too high." Replied Barry. 

"Or maybe", Jake said while staring at her, "We just have our eyes set on someone amazing." He smiled and finished his beer, asking everyone what they want as it's his round.

"Must be a some lucky girl then." She said and winked at Jake. "And I'll have something with a lot of alcohol please." She then replied.

While Jake was away Stan asked "Were you joking about Jill's pussy tasting nice? Is that something Phil told you? He doesn't tell us anything he does with her."

"Nah, Phil didn't tell me, found out myself after I went shopping with her." She explained and winked as she noticed the music and slightly moved her hips round in the rhythm.

Jake came back with beers aplenty, passing them around, and after a few words of thanks the guys all started talking again about football. "We were about to head of soon to my place." Jake said to Ashley, nervous of her answer to the question. "We were gonna watch the big game tonight on my big TV. You... wanna come back with us? We got plenty to drink!"

"Naah, that's boring. I'm not a big football fan anyway." She replied as she drank some more of her beer, a few drips escaped her lips and dripped down between the cleavage of her breasts. "And it's way to hot tonight to sit inside, anyway." She explained as she noticed the beer and rubbed it over her cleavage a bit.

All of the guys started staring at her cleavage. 

Jake knowing at least she knew what she was doing, and he didn't try to hide staring, despite seeing her catching him looking. "What do you wanna do instead then?" He asked, as he took a step closer to her.

"Well, I heard the local pool has a hole in its fence and that way you could sneak into the outside pool. I heard it from some guys who sometimes go swimming there." She said and grinned and then drank some more of her beer, licking her lips afterwards. "So, how about it, you guys fancy a late night, illegal swim?" She asked, as she moved her hips some more to the music.

"It sounds a lot better than the game." Said Stan, but Barry interrupted him. "Hang on, what about swimming trunks, and have you got a costume under that sexy dress of yours?"

"Nope, not wearing anything under it." She said and giggled as she pictured the guys in swimming trunks, turning her on. "And I don't have any swimming clothes with me either..." She said and winked as she drank down the rest of her bottle.

The guys all finished their beers as well, and Jared asked. "When do you want to go swimming then?"

"I don't know." She replied as she leaned against the bar a bit. "When do you guys wanna go?"

"I'm fine with heading off now, been ages since I swam." Said Barry, and then they started to prepare to leave together with Ashley.

"Just a second." She said as she walked over to the bar and bended over it slightly, giving the guys a better view of her behind, as her skirt hiked up a bit. "Hey Frank, could you hand us some more beers for the road?" She asked the barkeeper in a very sexy voice, immediately making him go get some.

The guys all got their wallets out, ready to give Frank their money. But before they could he said to them "Don't worry guys, for Ashley it's on the house."

"Thanks Frank." She said to him and winked and then turned back to the guys. "So boys, shall we go?" She asked after taking a sip from her new beer.

"Definitely" Jake said and then they all leave the bar with her, all of the guys lost in thoughts of seeing Ashley swim naked.

It was a very warm day and at that time the sun was setting, so it were the perfect conditions to go for a swim.

They started walking the streets towards the pool as it got darker and darker. "So, do you think my brother would mind if I go swimming with you guys?" Ashley asked and giggled as she finished another beer, getting a bit more drunk, and she started to wave at some of the traffic passing by.

"What Phil doesn't know won't hurt him." Barry replied and they all laughed. "I once caught Phil kissing my little sister a couple of years back, so I don't think he has any objections in terms of having fun with your friend's sisters."

"Oh, I remember her. I caught her and Phil having sex once." Ashley said to Barry and laughed a bit. "She really enjoyed it I think." She said and giggled some more.

As everyone laughed at Barry's misery of discovering Phil once fucked his baby sister, Jake whispered to him "hat what tonight may bring will make up for it, and more." Barry smiled a bit and then Jake asked. "Will the pool be empty? It'd suck if there were other folk there to ruin our privacy."

"We'd probably be the only ones there." Ashley said and grinned some more as she started skipping a bit, making her breasts bounce in her dress some more, the left strap of her dress falling over her shoulder.

They all soon arrived, and she Ashley showed the guys where the hole in the fence was, Jake was looking around to make sure nobody saw them. The area seemed deserted, a good sign.

"Follow me, boys." She said as she slowly got on her hands and knees near the hole and crawled in, giving the guys a good, nice view of her firm, round ass and showed them a glimpse of her wet pussy. She slowly wiggled her butt as she crawled through.

Jake won the race to follow right behind her, and he deliberately pressed his face slightly against her sexy ass. Everyone else follows him and go through the gap. The pool looked very inviting and the guys started to undress next to the pool, peeling their t-shirts off their sweaty bodies.

Ashley took a good, close look as the guys started to undress, getting really turned on by their hot, sexy bodies. "You know, I've always found you guys very cute." She said and giggled as she licked her lips.

"That's a relief." Said Jared, "'Coss we've always found you very beautiful." All the guys agreed.

"So, do you want some privacy to change or do you want us to watch like you watched us?" Jake then asked her with a smile on his face.

"I don't mind if you guys watch." Ashley said and grinned as she looked once more at the guys as they stood there in only their boxers. "But I don't have any underwear on, so do you guys mind if I go in naked?" She then asked with a grind as she pulled the other strap of her shoulder.

"Fine with us." Stan said, and then the guys stood there, like statues, staring at the brunette's sexy body as she was about to strip for them.

"Good." She said and smiled as she slowly and carefully pulled down her dress, exposing her soft, round breasts to all of them. Then shed wiggled with her hips a bit, making the rest of her dress fall off her body, revealing her firm, round ass once again and also showed her wet, shaving pussy.

All of them were starting to get hard now, while only wearing their boxers. They stared at her hard, their eyes trying to remember every detail: of her bouncy breasts, round ass, glistening wet pussy and her seductive smile. All of them were speechless, just staring at the wonderful angel in front of them.

"So guys, what do you think?" She asked and giggle some more as she stood naked in front of the guys that were all admiring her nude body. Meanwhile she grabbed her beer bottle and drank down the rest of it before throwing it away.

Jake was the first to recover and said "Very nice...", not knowing what else to say, seeing Ashley made their brains stop working fully. Some of them caught her staring towards their boxers, they had big bulges in them, and they all started to wonder what was going through her mind while they drank down their beers, continually staring at her gorgeous body.

"Well, anyway. I'm going in." Ashley then said and smiled, after watching the growing erections in front of her. She then ran over to the pool and jumped, making her naked body completely wet. "Oooh, the water's so nice." She said once she got her head back from underwater.

She started to swim around a bit more, and then noticed the guys still standing there, watching. "So, are you guys coming in or what?" She asked and giggled.

Barry looked at the guys and said "I don't want my boxers getting wet." And he started to take them off. They all followed suit, Jake thinking it's only fair for them to be naked if she was too. Then they all dove in the water and swam a few lengths, the water was feeling very nice indeed.

Ashley was staring and grinning as the guys were undressing. Seeing the half had cocks dangling between their legs. She licked her lips and giggled a bit more before the guys dove in. She started swimming around some more too, sometimes swimming underwater to get some glimpses of their dicks.

The guys were way ahead of her, as Jared immediately had swam underwater to stare at her body and pussy, he forgot to come back up for air though and started choking a bit. Some of the guys thumped him on the back and they all kept swimming under the water to stare at her sexy and beautiful body.

Jake went a bit further and started to 'accidently' feel her up a bit under the water.

Ashley stopped around the middle of the pool and just floated around a bit, relaxing, with her back turned to him when she felt his hand touching her ass. "Like what you feel?" She asked him and giggled a bit.

"I like it a lot." Jake replied and then pulled her close to him, wanting to kiss her.

She slightly wiggled her hips as she felt his cock growing against her. "I like you too." She replied as she turned her head to him and started kissing him.

His hands were on her round ass, squeezing her cute cheeks gently, while her body pressed hard against his, he knew she could feel his cock against her, but all he thought about was just him and her, floating as if in space as he kissed her passionately.

Her tongue was rolling in circles over his as she slowly grinded against him.

Meanwhile Jared, Stan and Barry swam across and were looking a bit pissed at Jake, because he took the initiative.

"Hmmm, you are a very good kisser." She said after breaking up the kiss and now completely turned around to him. "I wonder what else you are good at." She said and grinned as she moved her body close against his, feeling his cock rubbing against her tummy.

Jake grabbed her legs and wrapped them around his waist as he moved closer to the edge of the pool. "I'll show you what else my tongue's good for." He said. Barry, Stan and Jared were looking a bit left out as Jake lifted her out the pool, while he was still in it, and spread her legs.

"Ooooh, show me what you got." Ashley said and giggled as she spread her wet pussy lips for him. She ran her finger over it and put it in her mouth. "Don't worry, I taste good." She said and giggled again.

Barry, Stan and Jared also climbed out of the pool and all three of them gathered around their friend's sister, their cocks dangling inches from her head. Jake slowly slid his tongue around her pussy, tasting the pool water along with her own juices.

He lifted her ass up slightly to make it easier for him to eat her out, while the other guys were staring down at her, Jared squeezing her boobs and Barry stroking her hair.

She let out a soft moan as she felt Jake's tongue sliding around her pussy. "Hmmm." She said and opened her eyes again, seeing the three big cocks dangling in front of her face. "Oooh, boys, you are so big." She said and giggled as she grabbed Stan's cock first.

"Don't tell my brother, okay?" She asked and smiled before taking Stan's big dick in her hungry mouth as she softly started to suck on it.

Jake let two of his fingers slide in and out of her soaking, wet, tight pussy while his tongue flicked back and forth over her sensitive clit. He stared up at her as she looked so happy at the feast of cocks in front of her.

Ashley took Stan's cock out of her mouth after sucking it and let out some more moans as she felt hands sliding and groping and finger her all over her wet body. She then grabbed Jared's big cock and started sucking him, followed then by Barry's rod. She bobbed her head up and down as she took in more of the lengths each time. Meanwhile she pushed Jake's head closer to her pussy, wanting more of his tongue in her juicy cunt.

Jake pulled out his fingers and forced his wide tongue inside her pussy, loving her moans as he ate her out, loving her taste as well.

Barry, Jared and Stan all kept wanting their cocks sucked and Ashley kept stroking one in each hand while her mouth worked the third.

Jake's hands lifted her ass up carefully, allowing him to really eat her out so good, his hungry tongue licking her faster.

Ashley grabbed two cocks to stroke, moving her hands up and down the shafts. Meanwhile she took one of the cocks in her hungry mouth and sucked on them hard. "Hmmm, I love your big cocks, so delicious." She said after popping Stan's dick out of her mouth and gave the shafts a few wet licks before taking Jared's balls in her mouth.

She started moaning louder and louder as Jake licked her pussy like a professional. "Hmmm, you are so good at this... Keep licking!" She said between putting cocks in her mouth, while she pushed his head closer to her crotch, rubbing his nose slightly against her clit.

Jake could taste her juices, flowing more freely, as Ashley was getting more turned on by all of her brother's friends doing this to her. Jake kept using his nose against her clit, while his tongue forced itself in her. He softly sled a finger up her ass as well.

"Hmmmmm, oooh yes, lick it!" She moaned as she grabbed Jared's and Barry's dicks and tried to suck on both of them at the same time, only managing to take in the heads. Then she sucked on Stan's dick as she rubbed the other two cocks over her wet, round breasts.

Jake took his tongue out of her pussy and asked her "You ready to get fucked by all of us?" before giving her pussy another few good licks.

"Hmmm, can't wait." She said and grinned as she got up and then dove into the pool again. She started swimming towards the other side of the pool and then hanged over the edge of the pool and slightly sticked her ass up a bit out of the water. "So boys, who's going first?" She asked as she wiggled her butt, inviting one of them to come over and fuck her first.

As Jake was in the pool he won the race. He was a bit jealous that the others had gotten their cocks some attention and his was still throbbing hard, eager to slide in her wet pussy.

"Come on in." Ashley said and winked as she grabbed his cock behind her and stroked it a bit underwater. Then she rubbed it a bit over her ass-cheecks before sliding and rubbing it against her pussy lips.

He lifted her ass up a bit and slit his thick cock slowly inside her, pushing in deep, while the other guys were gathering around her head again. Her tight pussy was pulling him in, feeling incredible.

Jake continued to do what he was doing, his thick cock started to fuck her harder, which made her moan loudly.

Ashley led out a loud moan as she felt Jake's cock penetrating her tight pussy under the water. "Oooh God, your cock feels so huuuuge!" She said and moaned as she felt his cock pushing her against the side of the pool. She looked up to Stan's cock in front of her and immediately put it in her mouth, focusing on his cock for now, while Jared and Barry waited for their turn.

Jake had one hand on her waist, pulling her into him as he thrusted forwards, hard. His other hand was busy fingering her ass slowly and deep, making her find it a bit easier to take a cock later on.

"Oooh yes, fuck me good!" Ashley moaned after popping Stan's dick out of her mouth. She took her tongue and soaked his shaft with her saliva as she licked it. She then took his cock back in her mouth as she made loud slurping noises as she started to move her hips harder against Jake, making him fuck her harder as some water splashed around them.

Jake moaned loudly with her as she bounced hard against him, his cock slamming her harder and faster. He also softly smacked her ass with his free hand.

"Aaaaaah, ram that cock in deeper! Yes!" Ashley moaned as she sucked Stan's dick while fucking Jake's dick with her tight pussy. She moved away and back to him as the two of them spit-roasted her.

Jake stopped fingering her ass, so his hands were free to grab her and pull her so hard into him while he thrusted forwards harder. "Fuck baby, your pussy's so fucking tight, ride that fucking cock!" He yelled out.


"Hmmmm yeaaaah!" Ashley moaned with Stan's cock in her mouth, while sucking on it hard as she felt Jake pounding her. "Make me cum! Fuck me! I'm almost cumming!" She moaned as she felt her orgasm coming up while she let Jake and Stan fuck her at both ends of her wet body.

Jake fucked her harder than before, he reached around and rubbed her clit while her juices started to flow through the water, his balls slapping harder against her hips. "Fucking cum all over my big, thick cock baby! Cum hard for me!"

"Hmmm yeeeeeeeees!" Ashley moaned really loud as she finally came, her pussy-juices mixing with the water as her pussy tightened up around Jake's dick. She clammed her lips shut around Stan's cock as she drove his cock in her mouth and she came hard.

As she started to finish cumming Jake slowed down a bit, letting her catch her breath, but wanting a lot more. He pulled out of her and asked Barry and Jared if they wanted a shot next, since they waited so patiently.

"Hmm, that's only fair of course." Ashley said, a bit disappointed that Jake pulled out, but suddenly cheerful again at the thought of getting Barry and Jared next. She then swam over to the middle of the pool. "Come on in, boys. I've got some holes that need to be filled." She said to both of them as she gave them a hand-signal for them to come over.

Barry and Jared dove in and headed straight over to her, both of them started kissing her hard and had their hands all over her body as they reached her.
