 I collapsed backward into the bubbling water and expelled a heavy sigh. Finally, we had made it. It had taken nearly a full day to get to Hedonism II resort in Jamaica, but after two long plane rides, an interminable amount of time at two different airports, and a very long bus ride (with full bladders, mind you), my wife and I had finally reached our destination.

Darkness had already descended upon the all-inclusive, clothing-optional resort by the time we arrived. We grabbed a quick bite at the buffet, and briefly strolled around the grounds of the resort to get a feel for its layout. I wanted to spend a little more time exploring, but Katie announced that she was exhausted from our long journey, and within seconds of climbing under the covers of our bed, she was out like a light.

Although I should have been equally exhausted, I was fueled by adrenaline and horniness. Prior to our arrival, Katie had insisted that we abstain from sex for a week, as she thought our vacation would be extra fun if we were extra horny. Of course, this only added to my restlessness. I tried to sleep beside her, but after tossing and turning for a long while, I decided to venture out into the resort alone. I had been reading for weeks about the wild, frat-like atmosphere and public displays of intercourse at Hedo's infamous nude hot tub, and I wanted to see it for myself.

When I arrived at the hot tub area, the scene was much more subdued than I expected. There were only six people present, and none were engaged in any sexual shenanigans. I quickly shed my clothes and found the darkest and quietest spot that I could find to sit. I tilted my head back and closed my eyes, reflecting upon the events that had led up to this week-long vacation.

Katie and I had made the life-changing decision to become swingers several years before. We shared many erotic experiences swinging together, and although our relationship had always been strong, swinging seemed to bring us even closer together. Eventually, our extramarital activity evolved into an "open marriage" arrangement, as we discovered that it was far easier for one of us to find the right match than for both of us to find the right couple. We allowed each other the flexibility to be with other people if the opportunity arose, and we had both taken advantage of that flexibility over the previous several months.

We had booked this vacation to Jamaica a year in advance, at a time when we were still swinging together. We had visited another clothing-optional resort on two separate occasions, and we figured we would change it up and give Hedo a chance to win us over.

As this vacation approached, however, Katie began to express some reservations. The idea of swinging with strangers no longer held the same appeal it once did for her. I assured her that we could simply go and enjoy some naked fun in the sun without involving others. She knew, however, that I didn't share the same mindset, and she insisted that I take advantage of any opportunities that may arise. I agreed on one condition: I wanted to see her suck just one stranger's dick. To my surprise, she agreed to my terms.

As I sat in the hot tub on that first night, I opened my eyes and surveyed the scene around me. To my left, an older couple sat along the opposite wall of the oversized hot tub and chatted while their hands played below the surface of the water. To my right, a middle-aged white couple engaged in conversation with a tall black man. And directly ahead of me, a young single man tried to look as inconspicuous as I was attempting to be.

A young woman appeared from the darkness, and when she wriggled out of her shorts and pulled her tee-shirt over her head, she revealed a very attractive figure. She had large breasts with areolas that were the size of Oreo cookies. She dipped her slender legs into the water and sat across from the young man. Although she seemed to make an effort to pretend not to notice him, he clearly noticed her immediately. Eventually, they made eye contact, and she smiled a lovely smile.

"It's hot," she said.

"It's hotter now that you're here," he responded.

I groaned at his lame pick-up line, and yet amazingly, it seemed to work. She shifted closer to him and began a conversation. I shook my head and stared up at a Caribbean sky filled with stars. The temperature of both the air and water was perfect, and I finally began to feel drowsy.

I closed my eyes once again and rested my head. The warm water felt incredibly soothing. Perhaps I should have stayed in bed, I thought to myself. I took a peek at the others in the hot tub . The older couple were still fondling each other and engaging in an intimate conversation. The woman to my right was now sensually kissing the black man while the other man (presumably her husband) watched them with a smile. And the younger couple was still engrossed in conversation, and inching closer and closer to one another.

Since there wasn't much action to witness, and since it had become an effort to keep my eyes open, I decided to exit the hot tub and head back to my room. I slowly creaked open our door and eased into bed. Katie was still fast asleep, and snoring lightly.

As my head hit the pillow, I began to wonder whether that young couple would get together, and whether that husband and wife would take the black guy back to their room for the night -- or maybe even have sex right there in the area surrounding the hot tub. I probably missed all the action for no reason other than bad timing. I had read that the action in the hot tub didn't really begin until after 1:00am.

I looked at the glowing numbers on our clock, and it was only 12:30. I decided to make an effort to sleep, and concluded that if I were still tossing and turning by 1:00, then I would head back out to the hot tub. I could feel the adrenaline begin to flow through me once again as I caught a second wind. My mind was racing and my dick was swollen just thinking about all the fun I might be missing. I briefly considered jerking off to relieve some of that pressure, but that would have defeated the entire purpose of abstaining from sex for a week -- which had been a real effort for me.

The next time I looked at the clock, it was after 1:00.

"Fuck it," I muttered under my breath. I crawled out of bed and grabbed a towel and our room key. I decided to walk naked to the hot tub this time. When I arrived, the scene had completely changed. I could only assume that some big event had just ended, and everyone at that event had flocked to the hot tub for some after-hours fun.

The area was nearly filled to capacity with naked people of all shapes and sizes, all laughing and talking loudly. Several men were seated at the edge of the tub, with their legs dangling in the water and women's heads bobbing in their laps. A couple of women were also seated at the edge of the tub with heads -- some male, some female -- buried between their legs. They weren't shy about being vocal, either. Even above the din of all the laughing and shouting, I could hear them moan.

Since there were no longer any "quiet" areas of the hot tub for me to sit, I simply found the nearest seat available. As soon as I sat down, the couple to my left introduced themselves as Ken and Mandy. They were from St. Louis, and exuded the type of friendliness for which people from the Midwest are famous. Ken was a mid-manager with some big company, and Mandy was a stay-at-home mom. She was a rather average-looking woman with big hair and pouty red lips. Like most of the women I had seen at the resort, she was a few pounds overweight, but not obese by any rational standard of measurement. A lot of her weight was carried in her large breasts, which I politely tried not to stare at as we chatted.

They had a very large canister filled with a rum concoction, and were kind enough to invite me to share a drink with them. I politely declined, but they insisted. We continued to have a very pleasant and polite conversation about our children, our careers, the weather, and other banal topics, which seemed so out of place in the midst of what was becoming a wild orgy all around us.

Just behind Ken, a man with an unusually large dick was receiving a remarkable deepthroat blowjob. Another man to their left was making out with two women on either side of him, who were both stroking him under the water. I found myself getting uncontrollably aroused, and unable to concentrate on my friendly conversation with Ken and Mandy. 

I was in the middle of a sentence when a woman to my left suddenly grabbed my left knee. I turned, and found myself staring into the face of a woman who appeared to be in her late-50's, who was being pounded from behind by a rather large and hairy man near her age. Evidently, she was using my knee to steady herself.

"Sorry, honey," she drawled in a sweet Southern accent.

"No worries," I said. Then, to be funny, I added, "but if you could move your hand a little to your left, I'd appreciate it."

To my surprise, she immediately seized my stiff cock. She squeezed and stroked it, and moaned with delight as the man behind her continued to plow into her.

I looked at Ken and Mandy, and their shocked expressions caused me to burst into laughter. They howled along with me, and sat back to enjoy this spectacle. The woman stroking my cock spoke to me again.

"Sugar," she said, panting for breath, "if you would be so kind as to stand up for me, I'd love nothing more than to suck on that hard cock of yours."

I looked at Ken and Mandy, and they suppressed another laugh. I shrugged my shoulders and stood. I've never found a good reason to reject an offer for a blowjob. As soon as I stood, the woman took my cock right into her mouth and began sucking me with an unexpected passion. I looked at the man who was fucking this woman, and he smiled and held up his hand in the universal "high five" sign. I slapped his hand, eliciting yet another giggle from our audience.

The woman suddenly gave a loud and muffled groan, and tensed and shook. She stopped bobbing her head, and held me tight between her lips as she continued to groan. Finally, she withdrew me from her mouth, leaving me standing erect at a 45-degree angle. I looked over at Mandy, and smiled when I saw her eyes widen.

The older woman stood and gave me a hug.

"Thank you for your hospitality," she drawled.

"Umm...you're welcome," I responded awkwardly.

She turned and waded away, leaving me standing with a raging hard-on. Ken and Mandy were still laughing and shaking their heads.

"What the hell," I said with a grin. "When in Hedo..."

I returned to my seat and submerged myself into the hot water.

"I need a drink," I said, and Ken quickly snatched my glass to refill it.

"No, what you need," Mandy said with a sexy smile, "is to be finished off."

With that, she reached over and grabbed my cock. The mere touch of her hand sent a shiver of pleasure directly to my balls, and I felt an overwhelming urge for a release. She stroked me gently, and my cock throbbed in response.

"Hop up here," she stated casually, and patted the ledge behind me.

I pulled myself up and sat on the ledge, with my feet dangling in the water. Mandy kneeled before me. Then this Midwestern mother of three, who spent her days driving her children to and from soccer practice, attending PTA meetings, and baking cookies for her church's fundraisers, put my dick right into her mouth. I couldn't help but wonder how many of her friends and family back home would be absolutely shocked and horrified to know what she was doing at that very moment.

Her soft lips felt incredible gliding up and down my swollen shaft, and after only a few minutes of pleasure I felt an unstoppable surge begin to build. I muttered a warning to her, but she ignored it, and continued slowly bobbing up and down.

When my cock expanded and my balls tightened, she put my entire length into the back of her throat. I could feel wave upon wave of cum erupt into her mouth. I worried that I would choke her, but she didn't move a muscle. She must have opened her throat, which allowed me to cum directly into it. In all likelihood, she didn't taste a single drop. She kept perfectly still as an entire week's worth of cum flooded her mouth.

I gave one final shudder, and she removed me from her mouth with a long and slow slurp. She looked up at me and gave me the sweetest smile. I hopped back down into the water and gave her a warm embrace, thanking her profusely.

"You have no idea how badly I needed that!" I said.

"Oh, I think I have a pretty good idea," she replied with a giggle.

Instantly, I felt the entire weight of the day upon my eyelids, and wanted nothing more than to crawl into bed. But after what had just happened, I figured it would be rude to "cum and run", so I stayed and chatted long enough to finish my drink before excusing myself for the night.

The following morning, I told Katie about my adventure of having two different women suck my dick within a span of about five minutes, and she was so turned on by my story, she insisted I fuck her immediately. Although we had shared a laugh over the tackiness of the mirror on the ceiling above our bed when we first checked into the room, I couldn't help but notice her admiring the view while lying on her back as I plowed into her.

After showering and dressing, we headed to the buffet for a late breakfast. It wasn't even noon yet, but the Jamaican sun was already becoming unbearable. It seemed as though the only cool spot at the resort could be found in the shade of the nude pool. Having visited clothing-optional resorts in the past, it wasn't surprising to see Katie so casually shed her clothing in public as though it were an everyday occurrence. I never tired of seeing her naked body, and I was thrilled to have this opportunity to show her off once again.

We entered the pool and waded toward the bar. Although it was still very early in the day, we figured since we were on vacation, there was no such thing as an inappropriate time to begin drinking. Two couples were huddled around one of the tables submerged in the pool, and one of the men seemed to recognize us (or, more likely, Katie) immediately. He shouted our names as if we were lifelong friends and waved us over to the table.

His name was Bill, and he explained that he recognized our photos from the travel site through which we had booked our vacation. He introduced his wife, Sandy, and the other couple at the table, Glenn and Maryanne. We spent the next several hours exchanging stories and anecdotes, and talking and laughing like old friends.

Bill was loud and boisterous, and described himself as a "typical Florida redneck." Sandy seemed meek and shy at first, although we learned that it was only in comparison to her husband. She was actually quite opinionated and funny once we had the opportunity to hear her speak. Glenn and Maryanne were from the Denver area, and shared a wry sense of humor and a quick wit. All four of them appeared to be in their early-40's, and all but Glenn carried a bit of extra weight. The ladies were nicely proportioned, however, with large breasts and ample bottoms.

Time passed quickly, and before we realized it, the sun was hanging low in the sky, and our new friends were talking about heading back to their rooms to change before dinner. Katie and I were feeling pretty good from all our drinks, and we had found a comfortable spot, so we told them we'd catch up with them later.

Although the pool had been packed earlier in the afternoon, only about twenty or so people remained when the sun finally dipped below the horizon. As we stood in front of the bar, contemplating our plans for the evening, we were pulled into a conversation with two other couples. They were much older than we were, and appeared to be having the time of their lives.

Our conversation was dominated with sexual innuendos, and it was abundantly clear that the two older men were shamelessly and openly flirting with my wife. I could tell by her naughty grin that she was loving every minute of it. She always had a strange proclivity for older men.

To my dismay, one of the wives seemed to take this situation as an open invitation to begin flirting with me. As my attention was turned elsewhere, she reached around behind me and grabbed my ass, giving it a firm squeeze.

"Ooh!" she cooed, giving it several more squeezes. "Nice and firm!"

I thanked her politely while simultaneously thinking of an exit strategy. I got Katie's attention and told her I was going to the restroom. I gave her a look that I hoped she would interpret correctly, and use the opportunity to escape as well. Instead, she merely nodded and smiled, and returned to her conversation.

When I returned from the restroom, I looked around the pool area to see if Katie had escaped. Instead, our clothes were right where we had left them, and she was nowhere to be found. I looked at the front of the bar where we had been standing, and she was no longer there, either. I began to feel irritated.

Then I remembered the agreement we had made before taking this vacation. I had asked her to give just one blowjob to one stranger that week. Although I knew she had a thing for older men, it was a little far-fetched to believe that she was sucking that old guy's dick at that moment. Then again, she did have quite a lot to drink, and she did seem to enjoy his flirtation.

I peered through the darkness and noticed a shadowy figure at the opposite end of the pool, framed by the light of the bar. It took a few moments for my eyes to adjust, but sure enough, there she was. The back of her red hair was unmistakable, and her pale Irish skin practically glowed in the dark. A man was directly in front of her, seated on the cold concrete of the pool. And Katie's head was bobbing up and down in his lap as he held the back of her head.

I quietly eased into the pool and sat at the farthest end and in the darkest corner, hoping to escape the notice of both Katie and the old woman I had left at the bar. It had been a long time since I had watched my wife work her magic on another man, and I wanted to fully savor this rare opportunity.

It was difficult to see the man's face, but my imagination filled the gaps. I imagined what it must be like to be a man his age, on a vacation in a Caribbean paradise, and having a gorgeous young woman expertly sucking my cock under the stars. I imagined it would be the experience of a lifetime, and one I would never forget. And I felt incredibly generous to have had a hand in providing such an incredible gift to this complete stranger.

After several minutes had passed, Katie's head stopped moving, and she rose to her feet. The man leaned over and gave her a kiss and hug, and she turned and waded back toward the bar. I called her name and waved her over to me.

"Happy now?" she said with a smirk.

"Yes, actually, I am," I replied. "The question is: was he happy?"

"What do you think?" she responded.

We ventured back to our room, made love, showered and dressed before joining the rest of our group in the dining area. We continued to hang out together afterward, and partied into the early hours of the morning at the piano bar. It was a pattern of activity that would repeat itself throughout the week.

Katie and I found ourselves once again standing in the shaded area of the pool the following day, surrounded by a new group of strangers who would soon became our new friends. We met so many interesting people from so many walks of life, and conversation just seemed to flow freely, regardless of whom was talking. Of course, the steady stream of drinks seemed to make people far more fascinating and funny than they probably were.

As we stood among a large gathering in front of the bar, one of the women in the group, named Maria, mentioned that she was celebrating her fortieth birthday that week. Her husband cajoled her to share with the group her goal for the week, and she boldly announced that she wanted forty "pearl necklaces" to commemorate the event. The men in the group all laughed, but Katie had a puzzled look on her face.
