 As I lay on my back, I saw, over Donna's shoulder that Elle had silently come up from behind her. I couldn't see from my angle but I could feel the strap on dildo beginning to enter Donna's ass, since my flesh and blood cock was already buried in Donna's pussy. Donna went still, not sure what to do. "Breathe normally,Donna," I whispered. "Look at me, honey, look at me." At that, she lowered her head and looked into my eyes.

"I've never done this before...in there, " she murmurred. "A finger...my finger...nothing big..." I pulled her head down to mine and kissed her again. Elle was continuing to push in to her, I groaned as I felt the thick silicon cock slide across Donna's thin membrane separating Elle's shaft from my real one. Elle was slow, but relentless, and after a another couple of minutes, she was all the way inside of Donna. I asked her to hold it there while Donna got used to all of that cock, artificial and real, inside of her. It was a really intense experience. I was lying on my back, Donna was on top of me; my cock buried inside of her pussy, while she stared into my eyes, inches away. Behind her, my wife stood, an eight inch strap-on dildo buried to the hilt in the ass of Donna, Elle also looking into my eyes and biting her lower lip...waiting...waiting for me to say...

"Fuck her...fuck her ass, Elle!" I whispered hoarsely.

Elle slowly pulled back, I had to admit that the dildo felt good as it rippled out of Donna's ass. I could feel it. Just when it felt as if she were going to pull all of the way out, Elle slid all the way back in...then slowly, back out...she began to develop a rythym. She was fucking us both. Donna closed her eyes as she began kissing me again. I kept my eyes open, because I was looking into the eyes of my wife who was fucking us. Donna's second orgasm of the evening began to bubble up from inside her, I wasn't far away from coming myself. Elle started pumping in and out of Donna faster. Donna came first...loud...intense, her finger nails dug into my shoulders...and then I came. It was so intense, I felt like I saw stars. Donna's mouth was back on mine, and Elle, Elle was still pumping in and out of her. Donna began coming again, she was kissing me and trying to talk while she kissed. I had no idea what she was trying to say.

In what seemed like slow motion the excitement wound down. Elle slowly and carefully backed out of Donna and stepped back and out of my range of sight. Donna softly kissed me all over my face and neck. I laid on the bed for a few moments after Donna slid off of me. I felt so good and so drained at the same time. Like a typical guy, I drifted off to sleep for a few minutes. At some point I was awakened, lying on my back in the same position by a fully dressed Donna asking me if I would drive her home. I asked her to stay but she had something in the morning so I dragged myself up and noticed that she had showered while I napped. I turned as Elle padded into the bedroom also looking freshly showered, wearing one of my starched white shirts, unbuttoned. It was a hot look. I started getting hard again. She had that Elle look on her face that told me that I had missed something fun. How long was I asleep?

As we pulled out of the garage, I saw Jesse standing in front of his house with the blond guy Elle and I had seen him with earlier. Jesse waved as the Range Rover drove by, I flicked the lights rather than honk, it was after 1:00am by now. As I pulled out of our cul-de-sac, Susan, Jesse's smoking hot mom was turning in and waved from her VW Rabbit, the way she swerved gave me an indication that she might be a bit buzzed. I turned to Donna and told her what a good time I had had tonight. She looked at me and said she was beginning to realize that she really was dating both of us. We chatted on the way home about what that meant to her and what it meant to me. As I pulled up in front of her apartment, she asked me not to come in. I asked if she were upset, and she giggled and said no, but her sister was in town and she didn't want her to meet me like that. She said she was still trying to figure out how to explain Elle and me without her sister realizing she was dating a couple. Her sister was married and very conservative.

Now, I laughed and said, "Yeah, the married, Black boyfriend might be a tough explanation."

Donna turned and gave me that smile that only women can do: "Lover, you wouldn't be the first Black man she's seen me with..." with that she leaned over and gave me a wicked kiss, unlike the semi-shy kissing I was used to getting from her. I liked this kiss, a lot. Then she surprised me again by sliding her hand over my leg and squeezing my cock, really hard, painfully hard, staring in to my eyes, and then she leaned back, giggled once more and hopped out. "Call me..." and she bounced up and in her door and was gone. She hadn't bothered to close the door of the truck...I wondered what else my wife had taught her.

Elle

Elle pulled out of Donna's ass and stepped back. The dildo glistened with the astroglide Elle had applied and Donna's own internal lubrication. Elle looked at the reddened asshole she had just recently assaulted, Donna never made a sound all during the ass fucking. This girl really likes it rough, she thought to herself. Elle slowly realized from the lack of much movement on the bed that her husband must have come as well. She watched as Donna kissed him all over his face and neck and he barely moved. Elle smiled to herself and reached over and took hold of Donna's ponytail, and carefully, but firmly pulled the young woman's head back. Elle bent over and whispered into Donna's ear:"Come with me." Donna silently slid off of the body of her husband and Elle released her hair and walked silently out of the room, Donna following.

Elle walked into the the giant master bath, it was essentially hers, as Loring had claimed the smaller guest bath next door. 'He said it was the secret to happy marriages, separate bathrooms'. Elle turned on the side jets in the oversized shower and stepped inside. Turning and leaning against the back wall she crooked her finger and signalled for Donna to come inside. Donna climbed inside the stall and pulled the glass door behind her. She pushed her body into Elle's open arms. Elle smiled, as Donna's very large and soft breasts pressed into her own. Elle realized that she was beginning to feel the same about large breasts as her husband did.

Elle reached over to her right and grabbed the soap from it's resting place and began to wash Donna's back and ass. Donna pushed her tongue into Elle's mouth. After several minutes Elle slid out and around Donna, while pushing the younger woman face first against the back wall of the shower. Elle dropped to her knees, and proceeded to wash Donna's legs. As she slowly rose she spent considerable time cleaning and washing the buxom brunette's asshole and pussy. As Elle's fingers slid inside of both of Donna's holes, Elle heard her groan "Harder...please...harder...."

"You should be careful what you ask for, little girl..." Elle softly growled. Elle took her free hand, leaned back and smacked Donna on her ass. Her right hand was still inside of Donna.

The brunette sighed..."Yes, hurt me..." Elle looked up at the back of the head of the woman she had pushed against the shower wall. Donna spoke again, "It's okay...I like it."

Elle stood, slowly and leaned into Donna's back. "All right, I'm new at this, and while I want to hurt you, I don't want to hurt you. Tell me what you want." With that, Donna slowly turned around and faced Elle. She kissed her softly on the lips and took Elle's hand and stepped out of the shower. She didn't go far, she walked over to the double basin and picked up the hair brush. Handing the brush to Elle, she turned back around and placed her palms on the basin and bent over. She looked up into the mirror and in to the reflection of Elle. Elle's reflection stared back at her, waiting.

"Hard. I like it hard." was all Donna whispered. Elle, wet from the shower took her left hand and braced herself against the basin. She took her right hand, holding the brush, and struck Donna's left cheek. Donna made no sound, Elle looked into the mirror and saw Donna looking up at her, with a little curl to the side of her mouth. ' Is she smirking at me?' Elle thought. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Elle landed four savage blows to Donna's curvy little ass in the same amount of seconds. This time when Elle looked at Donna's reflection the smirk was gone, but she did still directly stare into the redhead's eyes.

"I'm going to tear your gorgeous little ass up..." Elle growled.

"Promise?"

Elle began with five hard swats on the left cheek again, followed by five equally painful ones on the right. Donna never made a sound. Elle switched the brush into her left hand and took Donna's right nipple in her right hand and gave a wicked twist to it. Finally Donna made a sound. It was the sound of a sudden intake of air, and that was all. Elle began alternating cheeks with each blow. She hit Donna so hard her body shook but the brunette gave no reaction other than to continue to look into the eyes of Elle's reflection. After what Elle was sure was at least fifteen minutes, she stopped beating Donna's now red and purple buttocks and pulled her up by the hair. Pressing her body against the other woman and looking over her shoulder into their reflections in the mirror, she asked "What the hell do I have to do to you woman?"

"Nothing...I'm yours, completely." With that Donna turned around and faced Elle, pressing her body into the slightly taller redhead's, she slowly sank to her knees. She softly slid her index fingers along Elle's vaginal lips and then leaned in and kissed Elle there. Sliding a finger inside Elle, she began to lick and suck on Elle's lips. Elle surprised herself by cumming. She had been so worked up beating Donna that the soft, slow tenderness of what Donna was doing to her sent her over the edge. Elle tried to step back, but Donna pulled her back into her and continued her licking. Elle felt another orgasm coming on and gave into Donna's mouth.

Now Elle sunk to the ground and into the arms of Donna. They sat on the tile holding and kissing one another. "I need another shower..."Elle whispered.

"Okay...may I wash you this time, my love?"

...After some time in the shower, the women dried each other off, kissing and playing with each other. Elle grabbed one of her husband's shirts while Donna purposely slid on Elle's panties and then her own dress. Henry was napping on the bed when they returned in exactly the same position as when the left, his legs hanging over the side of the bed. As he got dressed to take Donna home, Elle stripped the bed and changed the mattress cover and sheets. After the two left, Elle went downstairs and made some tea. When Achilles ran to the back door and began barking, Elle walked over and looked in the back yard. Just as she was about to flick on the lights in the yard she made out two people in the hot tub.

As her eyes adjusted to the darkness outside, she realized that the guy sitting on the side of the tub was the blonde guy that was with Jesse, Donna's son, earlier that evening. And even more interesting was that in the tub, between the blonde guys legs, was Jesse, sucking his friend's nice sized dick. Elle was frozen where she stood. Jesse sucked dick! His mom was right. Elle thought to herself it was kind of a shame for women, both of those guys had great bodies, especially Jesse, who was beautiful as well. As Elle watched, she noticed that Jesse appeared to be pretty experienced in giving blow jobs, in fact he was doing a very good deep throat on his buddy.

"Jesse!" was suddenly heard by Elle behind her closed door. "Jesse! How could you?" Susan, Jesse's mom and Loring's crush came walking around the side of the house. She stopped at the edge of the in ground tub, hands clenched into fists. "You! Get away from my son!"

"Mom, let me explain!" Jesse pleaded.

"You get away from my son!" Susan yelled, her voice a mixture of her southern drawl and obviously inebriated state. At this, the blond guy climbed out of the pool, grabbed what was apparently his clothes and walked around (keeping a safe distance from Susan) the hot tub and left. Jesse stood in the tub, his mother stood on the opposite side at the edge. She wasn't yelling anymore but Elle couldn't hear what they were saying. She wanted to open the door, but she was afraid Achilles would start barking again or dash outside. Jesse slid out of the pool and started to reach for his clothes.

Elle already knew that Jesse had a body like a greek god. She's seen him mow lawns during the summer in cutoffs and shirtless for years. Now after a year at college on the football team, he was bigger and more cut. But neither Elle or his mother were prepared for the size of his dick. It was at least ten inches long and nearly the size of a can of soda around. Elle let the door open, Achilles didn't run out or bark, he wagged his tail, recognizing Susan and Jesse, and turned and went back into the kitchen. Elle stepped into her yard. Jesse turned and looked at her, he was naked with a semi-hard on, she was practically naked wearing one of her husband's shirts unbuttoned. Susan was wearing more, a tight little black dress, and 4 inch black pumps.

"Elle...I'm sorry to disturb your home. Jesse and I have to...talk." The two women looked away from each other toward the muscular 19 year old whose dick was now fully erect.

"Mom, I like girls, they just don't seem to like me. I can't get anywhere with them!"

"Those are are some very stupid college girls..." Elle said out loud.

Susan looked at Elle then turned her attention back to her son. She stepped around the tub and walked awkwardly, a little drunk, toward her son. A few steps from Jesse, she reached out and touched his face. "Girls like you, baby, you just need some confidence..." Susan let go of her son's face and in one fluid movement, she grabbed the hem of her dress and pulled it up over her head and off. Susan was now naked, except for black thong panties and her high heels. She stood inches from her son's long, thick cock...

"Susan...Susan..." Elle called out

To Be Continued in "Greeks Bare Gifts"