 "It happened," I said into the phone softly.

"What happened?" She responded.

"She knows."

Silence, for what seemed like forever. "So what now?" She asked. I couldn't read her body language over the phone.

I wasn't sure. "She's gone," I said, matter-of-factly.

"Gone gone?" She questioned quickly.

"I guess. We had a fight, she told me she suspected me, I fessed up." Truth be told, I must not have been as sneaky about it as I thought. "She said 'we're done' and then she left." I suppose there were some more gory details, but I didn't need to get into them at this time, 10:15 on a Wednesday night.

"So are we still on for Saturday, then?" She asked, seemingly unsure. I responded affirmatively, and the rest of our conversation was normal, as if nothing had changed.

But of course, everything had changed. My relationship with Maria hadn't changed at all, but it had changed immensely at the same time. While I was disappointed on the surface to have suffered this breakup, I felt intrigued and excited about spending more time with Maria. We still lived an hour apart, and her kids still had no idea that I exist, but those facts were beside the point at the time. We hung up at the end of the conversation and I sat in awkward silence. I don't think I slept much that night, or the next two, as Saturday approached.

I felt even more nervous and flustered as I made the drive to her town on Saturday afternoon. I knew she was going to push to determine our relationship status, and I didn't really want to discuss it at this time. I bided my time with some music, and I was outside her house seemingly just a few minutes later. I checked my watch and rang the bell. 4:17 PM. Hotel check-in started at 4, dinner wasn't until 6.

She answered the door with a smile. She looked pretty, as she usually did. She wore a simple cute red flower-print dress, knee-length, with short heels. Her straight hair continued to look darker every time I saw her, as the blonde dye had begun to fade and her brown roots showed through. She had cut her hair in the past few weeks, wearing it now shoulder-length. She wore dark mascara, accenting her pretty hazel eyes. We kissed, and I could immediately tell that things were different.

We drove to the hotel, not far away, and headed into the lobby for check-in. She held my hand, a new development in our relationship, and I suspected that to outsiders that we looked like a longtime couple despite the obvious age difference between us.

The clock ticked past 5 PM as we got to the room, a nice 7th floor room with a little view out into downtown. She stood overlooking the city as I put my bag down next to the bed and sidled up next to her. And like that, it was on, as we began to kiss passionately.

I hustled to the door and locked it, tossing the "Do Not Disturb" tag on the door as well for good measure. I got back to the king bed to find her out of her dress and bra-less, her 36D breasts teasing me as I began to undress next to her and hopped into the bed.

We kissed momentarily, and she nodded. She was ready, and I wasted no time. She giggled as I tugged off her pink panties and tossed them to the floor -- she was already soaked, her hair nicely trimmed low for me. I entered without giving it a second thought and without any significant foreplay, my fully hard cock sliding into her open pussy effortlessly. She pulled me close as we began to fuck, kissing hard.

"Fuck me," she moaned in my ear. "Fuck me like you wished you could fuck her." That was music to my ears, though I had instantaneous flashbacks of my girlfriend. But that was over now, and within a second or two I turned my focus back to Maria. I cradled her body and lifted her legs, putting them together, both rested on my right shoulder. I stroked deep inside of her, and her legs shook as she moaned. I spun her onto her side, legs still together as I fucked, her soaked hole encompassing my cock. I eyed her thick ass and gave it a smack, prompting a little yelp as we continued to play.

"I'm saving that for later," I crooned, running my hand along her ass. She moaned. The dirty talk began -- I can't recall all of it, but her filthy switch had flipped. Things were right in the world as we rolled around in the bed, switching positions, jostling, whispering disgustingly filthy things to each other, knowing that our evening plans were even filthier.

I didn't want to waste much time or energy, and I think she could tell. She could sense as I approached climax; we had gotten to the point where we could recognize each other's signals, and she egged me on, begging for me to finish inside her. And I did, loving each deep stroke as we finally had shared our first non-illicit sexual moment.

We lay in the bed for a few minutes without saying much before deciding to get ready for dinner. She headed to the bathroom with her makeup and outfit, and I dressed in the bedroom, flipping through the television channels as I sat. I looked good, I thought -- a nice pair of jeans, brown shoes, v-neck t shirt.

A few minutes later, she emerged from the bathroom, looking phenomenal as well. She wore tight dark blue jeans and a silver blouse, accentuating her curves. The top buttons of her blouse were teased open, and I could spy a little bit of cleavage from her tantalizing 36Ds. We headed out from the hotel and down the street, making our first true public appearance -- though neither of us really knew anyone here. It was liberating, and I held her hand as we walked. Some people did give us looks, but most people went about their day as normal. I suppose we did look to have an age difference, her 39 to my 27, but it wasn't as abnormal as it used to be.

Dinner was fun, albeit a bit awkward. It was akin to taking someone out on a first date, only you've known them for years inside and out. It felt weird to have a normal relationship with Maria rather than a hidden private one. Dinner and drinks went off without a hitch, and I checked my watch as we headed back to the hotel around 9. Everything had gone well, plenty of small talk without a "defining the relationship" talk, which I was dreading. We kissed and walked, and as we got into the hotel room, she picked up her cell phone.

I sat on the bed and loosened up as I heard her murmuring on the phone in the bathroom. I reached over and into the cooler I had brought and cracked a beer, taking a swig and realizing that I had become a little bit intoxicated over the course of our evening. But I was feeling good, and I felt even better when she came out of the bathroom and smiled to tell me that we were a go. "Twenty minutes," she said, grabbing a beer and hopping into bed next to me.

I put my arm around her and we flipped the channels, from baseball to cable news to bad TV dramas. Neither of us was really too keen on the TV though, as our hands fidgeted across each other's bodies as we waited and kissed. She tasted like wine, clearly intoxicated from our dinner. It was ok, I thought, and probably for the best as she'd need her inhibitions lowered for the double penetration.

My eyes flashed to the duffel bag across the room -- we should be all set, I thought to myself as I heard a knock on the door. She looked up at me with a smile, and I nodded as she headed to the door. I heard the door click open and she welcomed the visitors into the room. They walked in casually as I stood to greet them -- Evan and David smiled and greeted me with a firm handshake, happy to see me again after our first encounter last month.

Not surprisingly, they didn't need much coaxing to come back, and Maria had seemed to enjoy each of them. She must have had a thing for younger men, I thought to myself as I tried to guess Evan's age once again.

A third man entered the room behind them carrying a large bag, and introduced himself to me as Nick. He stood approximately 5'10", thin, dark hair, and couldn't have been much older than me. I asked the men for their papers, feeling like some kind of odd pervert, and David fished them out of his jacket as Nick began to rummage through the bag.

"Put the 'do not disturb' out there, babe," I said to Maria, who walked to the door while taking another swig of her beer. I tossed beers to the guys as Maria locked the door and switched off the light by the door.

"Could you turn that light back on?" Nick asked, pulling out a tripod and some small floodlights from his bag. "We'll need as much light as possible."

Evan sat on a chair in the corner. "Nick is a good photographer. He's edited a bunch of non-porn stuff for me, too," he said, kicking off his shoes while Nick set up.

I sifted through the papers as Maria finished her beer and cracked another. She was getting drunk. Clean bills of health for all three men, once again. Their ages were listed -- David 34, Evan 22, and Nick 26. I tossed the sheets to Maria, who looked at them briefly between sips of beer.

"You've got a lot of younger admirers," I said with a laugh, prompting her to hit me in the arm. It was true, though.

"MILF," Evan laughed as he sipped his beer. Nick had begun to assemble the two small floodlights and had attached the camera to the tripod. David settled into the other chair and Maria sat next to me on the bed. The five of us made small talk for a few minutes until Nick began to test his equipment.

The room got silent, save for the clank of beer cans, as we watched Nick. He stood back and scratched his head, examining his work and picking up his beer.

"I want to start out on the porch, overlooking the city. You'll suck your boyfriend's cock, then we'll move in here, mess around in the bed. Double penetration, then the finish. Cool?"

The room was surprisingly tense until Maria started drunkenly giggling. "Yes. Cool," she laughed. The tension eased out of the room as we all laughed a bit.

"Have you been filmed before, sweetie?" Nick asked. Maria nodded tentatively while shrugging. "No, no," Nick followed. "I mean filmed filmed. Not the amateur crap. I'm talking legit porn-style filmed."

Maria sat back. "Uhhh, no. Do I look like a pornstar?" she replied laughing, taking a long drink of beer.

Nick smiled. "You never can tell. Well, this is going to be a little different, just so you know," Nick replied, fidgeting again with the cameras. "The lighting is pretty good in here, so that should be good. But once we get rolling, there's really no going back, right? You with me? There will be stopping and starting and camera changes and all of that." Maria nodded.

"Good," Nick smiled. "You'll be great. Now I want you to go in the bathroom and undress, and you're going to walk out onto the deck to give your boyfriend a blowjob." He nodded to me -- "get naked and get in the chair outside." I smiled and grabbed my beer, undressing as I headed outside. Evan and David moved to the corner out of the camera's view and began to disrobe.

I opened the sliding glass door into the warm night air, immediately aware of my surroundings. I could hear voices from somewhere else unseen on the balconies, knowing that someone else was out there with me. I sat in the chair, cold at first, my body warming it up, and within a minute, Maria was talking towards me, fully nude. She looked sexy as hell, my beer-fueled horniness increasing as she got closer to me, Nick following her as she walked, camera fixated on her body. 

She wasted no time and knelt at my feet as she began to suck. No words were exchanged, just passing glances and a little bit of eye contact. I immediately knew that this was going to be raunchy as she tried to suck my cock as deep as it would go almost-instantly. I moaned a bit as she slurped, looking out over the city and trying to avoid looking at Nick just inches from my body.

He waved lightly to direct her attention to the camera and she eyed it before he panned up to me.

"Your girlfriend is quite the little slut," he said, panning back down to her on my cock.

"She is," I replied. "She's filthy." Nick continued to zoom in on her face and waved for me to continue talking. "She loves being filmed," I said while moaning as she lapped at my cock. She truly could suck cock, much better than my now-ex girlfriend. I held her head softly and we made eye contact as she slurped, licking her tongue down the shaft and stroking with her hand as she took a break.

"You've never been filmed before, sweetie?" Nick asked, still focusing on her.

She stroked me as she looked at the camera. "Not like this. I mean, ex-boyfriends and stuff, we made homemade videos. But nothing like this."

"Well if you can fuck on camera as well as you can give a blowjob, you just might have a future in this business," he replied. "Would you like that?"

"I'd love it," she responded immediately before going back down on my cock. I couldn't tell if she was serious or not, but I didn't really care at the moment.

Nick switched off the camera. "Good scene," he said to us. "Let's move it to the bed now." Maria stood up, her curves jiggling teasingly as she brushed her hair behind her ears and walked to the bed. David and Evan stood just inside the doorway, nude. They must've been watching the balcony blowjob, but I hadn't even noticed.

David flicked the lights on, and it immediately felt like a movie studio. Nick guided her onto the bed, sitting back against the headboard, legs spread. He positioned the camera on the tripod and instructed her to open herself for the camera -- and she did.

The four of us all watched intently as she parted herself to reveal the juicy pink center beneath her dark-skinned lips. Though it was no longer a new sight for me, I still felt myself giddy, excited to experience her once again. 

I stood behind Nick and off to the side, watching the scene through the camera's screen. He made small talk with her as he zoomed the camera in and out, carefully capturing Maria's manicured nails as she fingered herself. She and I didn't make eye contact, but I could tell she was fully engaged, in the moment and excited. Nick motioned to David, and he wasted no time approaching her in the bed.

I watched Maria intently. She pressed her body back against the headboard and exhaled softly as David entered her. Nick began moving the camera, different angles, different positions, as he captured the scene. David pressed her legs open wide and she made no effort to stop him as he penetrated her. Nick settled on a camera shot from bed-height, focusing on their genitals. Although they were mere feet in front of me, I was mesmerized by the camera angle - their bodies together, David's pale cock thrusting into her caramel pussy, her soft moans and his heavy breathing the only sounds in the otherwise silent room. I watched the camera's small screen intently.

It was breathtakingly astonishingly sexy. Nick had moved the camera to beside their bodies for a profile shot, and I eyed her as she made eye contact with David. He was not taking it easy on her by any means, and was by now in full stroke. Their bodies slapped together and her moans had become louder as Nick turned the camera to me.

"So what do you think, man?" He posed the question, awkwardly.

"Hot," is all I could manage to respond. "Incredibly sexy," I followed, eyes not leaving Maria's body. Maria looked over at me briefly as I spoke and bit her lip before turning her attention back to David.

"How many times has your girl done anal?" He asked, turning the camera back to the two of them.

"Just once," I replied.

"Once? That's it?" He followed, excitedly. "So she's a newbie? Maybe we should start getting her ready?" He said to no one in particular. Off-camera, Evan began to assemble the lubricant as Nick asked David to pull out and asked me to get into the bed.

I slid into the bed next to Maria and we began to kiss as Nick asked her to ride on top of me. Without missing a beat, I slid underneath her and felt for her hole with my cock. She was open and ready; it went in with ease. Excellent. We moved slowly, softly, casually as I watched Evan begin to lube her. She tensed for a second as his hands began to caress her ass, but she calmed down and I began to hold her cheeks spread. Nick made sure to catch the whole thing as Evan began to finger and probe her. 

I worked slowly as we began to make constant eye contact. I pulled her close, our bodies pressed together as we kissed, David taking the reins to hold her ass spread. The three of them engaged in some light porn-style banter about how pretty her ass was, but I could sense that it was on me to keep her calm.

She looked a bit tense and scared, yet oddly she didn't try to stop anything. Deeper and faster, I could feel Evan's fingers inside of her opposite my cock. He stretched her wider and wider still, prompting some moans from Maria, before he handed the lube off to David who tossed it aside.

It was time. Maria couldn't see the men behind her but I knew what was coming, and I pulled her close again. "Kiss me," I whispered, and her eyes lit up. She knew, and there was no going back.

I pulled her close, her legs tightened as Evan entered tentatively. Maria clenched the sheets to my right and her mouth opened as if she wanted to scream. But she didn't. I held her right hand in my left as I held her back with my right. Within a few strokes, Evan was inside. It was an odd feeling -- I could actually feel him moving, pulsing inside her. The added heat of the third body and the floodlights had started to warm the room, and we began to sweat seemingly at the same time.

David had picked up a still camera and had begun taking still photos inbetween strokes of his own cock to keep himself hard. I could only imagine what these photos and video looked like, as Nick moved around our bodies.

There was initially some awkwardness as our six legs tangled and intertwined, but Evan and I settled into a rhythm soon. Maria had begun to loosen up, and the three of us were fully in heat within a few minutes.

David and Nick could sense it, and began egging Maria on. The talk got filthy, and fast. There was much talk of Maria being a slut, a dirty whore, whether she enjoyed having her ass fucked, begging her to describe how she felt. To her credit, Maria did her best to answer their questions when she wasn't mid-moan or clutching at the sheets.

Evan was giving it to her much harder than I had done three weeks prior, and he clearly was enjoying her tightness. I tried to fuck her pussy just as hard, and our rhythmic strokes had her fully stretched.

I could sense that Evan wasn't going to last much longer, and he motioned to Nick. Nick nodded and Evan stepped away, leaving Maria and I together.

Nick asked Maria to kneel on the floor by the floodlights, and she stood up off of me slowly. Evan and David had begun to stroke themselves off to the side as they watched her kneel, and Nick positioned the camera to look down at her.

She looked good. Her voluptuous breasts and her innocent face, pretending she didn't know what was going to happen next despite certainly knowing.

"You ready?" Nick asked. Maria nodded. "This is how our sluts make the big bucks," he laughed. "You want to make the big bucks, sweetie?" He teased her as David moved in.

"Of course, baby," she responded, playing with her breasts as David neared completion.

"Open up," David said softly, and Nick moved in as David began to cum on her. Some of it splashed into her mouth, some onto her cheek as she leaned-in for him. She was clearly enjoying it.

"Good girl," Nick cooed from behind the camera. "Push that into your mouth," he motioned to the cum on her cheek.

She obliged, pushing David's semen into her mouth as Evan stepped in.

"Ass to mouth, honey," Evan said matter-of-factly. "Suck my cock."

She opened up and began to suck Evan. I watched in awe as she eyed him up, almost ignoring the camera shining in her face. I began to stroke harder, nearing completion as Evan began to shake. He was coming. I watched her eyes get wide as she swallowed his load, and Evan gave her a little slap in the face as he pulled out of her mouth.
