 The door opened a crack. Maria peered outside in both directions before addressing the three of us. "Top of the stairs, make a left, open door. Go in and shut the door. Go!"

The three of us tiptoed quickly through the kitchen, down the hall to the stairs, passing the closed doors along the way. I led the charge, dancing lightly up the stairs and making a beeline for the open door on the left. We all entered safe, and I closed the door softly, trying not to disturb them. Tara laughed at the absurdity of the situation, but Mike just shrugged. We had made it.

It had been three weeks since our first encounter; three long, agonizing weeks as I hadn't been able to quit thinking about Maria. We had kept up with Mike and Tara, and although Maria wanted a more intimate encounter this time, she had decided that Mike and Tara should join. I was happy to oblige, partially because I dug Maria's tendencies and partially because I selfishly wanted to see Tara get naked.

It wasn't really supposed to be like this, though. Maria's kids were supposed to be at their father's house for the weekend, but those plans were dashed when he came down with the flu this morning. Tara and Mike had, of course, already booked a babysitter, and their kids were older and would be awake.

So we decided to take a risk. Maria had told us her kids would be in bed by 10, and it looked like that was the case. The house was quiet; the kids' bedrooms were downstairs and only Maria's room and some storage were on the second floor.

Truth be told, it really wasn't a very nice neighborhood. But the lower-middle-class neighborhood only added to the situation, I thought – dirty sex with a dirty girl in a dirty neighborhood. All of the pieces fit.

Mike and Tara didn't seem to have much trouble adapting, and they sat chatting on the edge of Maria's queen bed as I surveyed the room. It was pretty simple. A queen bed with nondescript brown sheets. A nightstand with a lamp. Overhead light with a ceiling fan. Small table with a small television. Dresser with a nice vanity mirror. Small bathroom in the corner with a shower, toilet, and sink and not much else. She had probably straightened up a bit before our arrival, as the floors were clear and the room looked generally clean.

"So, like, you two are an item, right?" Tara asked softly, breaking our silence. I was taken aback a bit, surprised at the question. "I mean, I know you said you're not but I could tell by the way you were looking at her and holding her hand last time. You two are cute together." I could feel myself getting red in the face.

"Well, no we're not together," I replied. We had been talking about it, though. It all sounded crazy to me. I've been dating my girlfriend for years, yet I couldn't deny my feelings for a 39 year-old single mother whom I'd met online. But I couldn't bring myself to say it, at least not to them. "We're close. I wouldn't say 'together'."

Mike began to unpack the bag he had brought, pulling out the camera. Tara continued: "well obviously she likes you a lot. She wouldn't have brought up the camera thing if she didn't. Women just don't decide to make amateur porn with guys they don't have feelings for. I don't know."

While I agreed with her premise, I didn't want to show it. Maria and I had long discussed our mutual exhibitionist fantasy, and Mike and Tara had, of course, made a few amateur films in their day. They often watched them as part of their meetings with the rest of the group, so I'd been told. There was a website where we could host them if we wanted, but I wasn't sure how I felt about that.

Part of me knew that Maria knew how tortured I was with this, and I knew she enjoyed exerting a little dominance over my girlfriend. As shy and coy as she was, I knew Maria had strong feelings for me and resented the fact that we couldn't be together. Her asking to film us and potentially post it online was her way of showing the world that she had the upper hand sexually. But I truly didn't mind. While being with my girlfriend was the "right" thing, the proper thing, being with Maria felt liberating. She epitomized the "wrong" choice, the bad decision. And yet I couldn't turn away.

Moments later, she entered the room and shut the hallway light off. "They're asleep," she said cheerfully before heading into the bathroom. Tara followed and they closed the door. There couldn't be much room in there for 2 people.

Mike and I shrugged and I laid back on the bed, looking up at the ceiling, knowing this is where I'd be sleeping tonight. I'd managed to convince my girlfriend that I was spending the night with friends out of town, and while that was technically true, I doubt these were the friends she was thinking of. Maria and I had never slept in a bed together, and I was, frankly, excited at the prospect.

But first thing's first. The bathroom door opened within minutes, and I sat up on the bed to see both girls had stripped down to some sort of lingerie. My eyes lingered first on Tara, the tall brunette, as I was excited to see her. She wore a sheer black camisole, which did a poor job of covering her nipples, and small panties. In a matter of seconds, though, I began to eye Maria. God, she looked incredible. She worse a light pink bra, pink panties, and pink hip-high fishnet stockings. I smirked at the stockings – she knew I loved fishnets. She smiled and looked away shyly as our eyes met, surprisingly.

I heard the whirr of the camera as Mike switched it on to begin filming. He fidgeted with it to get the right setup before remarking to no one in particular, "don't worry, I'll edit the video later."

He focused the camera on the girls as they stood against the wall. Tara pretended to cover herself up and pointed to Maria. "Don't focus on me," she laughed. "She's the star here." 

Maria blushed a bit, but Mike didn't miss a beat. "So why are we here today, Maria?" He asked. She looked at me, and I smiled at her and nodded.

"We're all gonna fuck," she replied softly.

"Can you say that a little louder, honey? I couldn't hear you," Mike laughed.

"We're all gonna fuck," she said louder, more assertively. The rest of us laughed a bit, and I stood up and motioned the girls to sit on the bed. They obliged, and I stood back by the door, watching intently as Maria sat cross-legged.

"I hear you're a pretty dirty girl," Mike crowed, smiling. "I heard what you did a few weeks ago. Mind telling us?" He moved around the room, getting the camera near her face. She blushed.

"We had a gangbang," she said shyly.

"A gangbang?" Mike replied, fake confused. "That must have been fun. How many men?"

"Six men," she replied, blushing, looking away from the camera to me. I smiled and nodded at her, and she brushed her light-brown hair behind her ear before looking into the camera. "Six cocks."

Tara giggled a bit off-camera, and Mike moved around some more. I still couldn't figure out Tara's situation. For someone who was involved in all of these group sex sessions, she still seemed kinda prudish

"Six cocks? That sounds like fun. Tell me about it," he replied, focusing the camera.

"They took turns on me. On my pussy," she stuttered. "And I sucked their cocks."

"And they came in your mouth?" He replied, keeping up the line of questioning.

"Yes. I swallowed their cum," Maria smiled again.

"That's so hot," he responded. I could feel myself getting harder watching this questioning, and she hadn't even undressed yet. "And tell everyone where we are tonight, sweetie."

"We're in my house. My bedroom," she replied, as Mike panned the bedroom.

"And your kids are downstairs sleeping," Mike laughed.

"Yeah, they're sleeping," she said softly.

Mike smiled. "Don't worry, we won't wake them. We're just here to watch you and your man fuck." 'Your man'. Those words rang in my head. "Tell me about him."

I sat intently and listened as she looked at me. Mike turned the camera in my direction; my first instinct was to cover my face, but I didn't. "He's hot," she said, laughing. "He knows how to push my buttons, how to get me going."

Mike panned the camera back to me. "What's your favorite part about her body? What's her hottest feature?" My time to shine.

"That ass," I said without hesitation. "So round, juicy. I love that ass." And with that, it was on.

"Show us your ass," Mike commanded, turning the camera back to Maria. Tara stood up off the bed and went to the corner, and Maria climbed onto all fours with her ass to the camera. Mike grabbed it softly as he motioned to me to get her panties off. I was only too happy to oblige. As Maria looked across the room, I walked to the bed and slid off her stockings. She knew what was coming but didn't budge as I slowly slid her panties down her thighs to her knees. "Let's see her holes," Mike said, getting slightly raunchier.

I followed suit, spreading her ass with my hands and exposing both of her holes. Her pussy was the same as I could remember it – dark lips, darker than her caramel skin tone, long slit, meaty with a dark pink center. She was a bit hairier than last time; she had left a small landing strip, but it was clear she had groomed for this. Her ass teased me. Her asshole was the same shade of dark brown as her pussy lips, and looked enticingly tight.

"That is gorgeous," Mike commented, his hands on her inner thighs.

"Thanks," Maria replied softly.

"What are your measurements, babe? Height, weight, cup, hips. I gotta know about those hips"

Maria giggled a bit as I jiggled her ass cheeks. "5'4, 135 pounds. 36D. 38 hips."

"Those hips, damn," I said softly. Mike zoomed in on her ass again, as I teased my fingers along the rim of her pussy.

"Thank you for sharing your girl with us," he commented. I tensed again at the sound of it, before regaining composure. I unhooked Maria's bra and helped her out of it and her panties, admiring her naked body. I bent in to kiss her and we began to make out on the bed, kissing passionately.

The switch went off in my head, and I began to strip as Mike continued to focus on her body. I tossed my clothes on the floor quickly, fully in the moment, as I immediately positioned my hips to her face.

Without a word, she devoured my cock and I moaned softly, relaxing on the bed. Mike continued to focus on her ass, his hand teasing her cheeks.

"You've got such a beautiful asshole," he remarked as the door creaked open. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a child's hand on the doorknob and my heart sank. Tara, out of nowhere, dove in front of the door and pinned her body on it, holding the doorknob closed with her hands.

"Mommy?" The voice questioned from outside the room. "Mommy who was that man talking? Are you ok?"

The color drained from Maria's face as she took her mouth off of my cock. "No one, it was the TV," she replied. "Mommy doesn't feel good. What is wrong?" She stayed on all fours, with Tara pinned against the door.

"Do you need help, Mom?" He asked again, trying again to re-enter the room. "I can't get in the door."

"I am fine, Miguel," she replied. "Why are you awake?"

I took a chance, guiding her head back to my cock. To my surprise, she began sucking again, waiting for his response.

"I....I had a bad dream," he replied. "Can you tuck me back in? I am scared." She looked up at me and I backed away, standing up. 

"One second, Miguel. I will be out in a second." She turned to Mike and Tara and motioned all of us to the bathroom. She tossed on a bathrobe and walked into the hallway to her son. Mike had turned off the camera, and we could hear them talking as they went downstairs. The three of us exited the bathroom and moved back to the bed, waiting for Maria's return.

Minutes later she returned, apologizing profusely. Though an intrusion, none of us cared. She was, of course, a mother first.

"Maybe the camera is a bad idea," was her first comment. "The door has no lock." We all laughed as she had broken the tension. She removed her robe, once again showing off those luscious curves. Tara had, meanwhile, wrapped her arms around Mike, and they were in full-on groping mode. It was hot, watching them, and I took Maria's hand and kissed her. She smiled and kissed back as I led her to the bed and we turned down the sheets together. She slid into the bed and pulled me close – "turn off the lights," she beckoned. Tara and Mike had begun to undress, and I motioned them to the right side of the bed as I flicked off the lights.

"These cougars are sexy as fuck," Mike commented as I could see him and Tara making out beneath the sheets. Tara's body was tight as hell, fit, thin, small breasts. 

"How old are you, Tara?" Maria asked the forbidden question as I climbed into the bed.

"46. You?" She replied. I was stunned – she looked tremendous for 46.

"4 years older than me," Mike replied.

"39," Maria said as I began to kiss her neck.

"I'm 27," I replied, quietly.

"Damn girl!" Tara said loudly. "Good for you!" I pressed my hips into Maria's and found her familiar pussy as I pushed in.

"I can't resist," I said as Maria moaned softly. I looked over at the two of them, and their eyes had locked as Mike entered Tara.

Maria's pussy was incredible, as it was last time. Not quite as loose as last time, but loose nonetheless, my cock slid in with ease. She was soaked, and she pulled my head in close as we began to kiss passionately. I would've thought it would've taken a long time for her to get back into the moment, but not at all. 

As my eyes began to adjust to the darkness, I began to look over at Tara and Mike sporadically. Both girls were on their back, missionary, and although we each knew the others were there, we each worked independently.

Maria and I worked slowly, savoring the moment, because who knew when we'd be able to meet up again. We stared intently into each other's eyes as we kissed, neither wanting to break the stare contest as we swapped fluids in both holes.

I could sense Mike moving faster, picking up his pace next to us as our legs brushed together. I began to pick up my pace as well, seeing Maria bite her lip and shake her head at me.

"Slow down, baby. You don't want to tire yourself out," her hands scratching at my back. "You've got a long night ahead."

"Ooooh," Tara commented, arching her back. "Get him, girl."

I slowed my pace, again grinding against her clit and enjoying her wet warmth. "I could fuck this pussy all night," I said confidently, though I knew I certainly couldn't.

Maria's hands scratched my back again as we kissed. "Good, because I can suck your cock for hours."

I moaned a bit and she smirked. I could sense Mike getting closer on his side of the bed when I proposed a change. "Let's sit," I suggested, thrusting deep inside her. Between moans, she agreed, and I pulled her up to where we were each sitting, legs intertwined. Mike and Tara followed suit, and the four of us sat on the bed, grinding and moaning and fucking.

Mike continued to edge, and Tara began talking, testing. "Where did you cum on her, Mike?" She motioned to Maria.

"In her mouth," Mike moaned as Tara grinded her hips onto his.

"Good," she crooned. "This is the only pussy he gets to cum inside," she rocked her hips on his. "He can cum on his dumpster sluts however he wants, but not inside."

I could sense Tara was half-kidding. She was egging Maria on, trying to get a response with good-natured ribbing. "Your husband didn't seem to mind me being a dumpster slut when he was cumming for me," she replied.

"You're not the first dumpster slut to suck his dick, and you won't be the last," she replied, teasing again. Mike grasped for her body, clearly enjoying this. I was content to let our bodies rub together, though I was getting close as well.

"Maybe I am a dumpster slut," Maria shot back. "I want to be a dumpster slut."

This clearly put Mike over the edge, and he began to cum inside of Tara. Tara moaned in unison with Mike as they shared his orgasm.

"I'm just kidding," Tara admitted after separating from Mike. "I like you, even if you are a dumpster slut."

Maria moaned a bit, and I felt myself closing in on orgasm. "I'm his dumpster slut," she replied, looking at me. "He only gets to cum inside of this pussy," which was, of course, a lie because I had a girlfriend back home. But I wanted it to be true.

"You're my dumpster slut?" I asked.

"Yes," she nodded while moaning.

"Take my cum then, dumpster slut," I moaned while beginning to cum, feeling her pussy wet and warm with my cum. She was phenomenal, and I sat back in ecstasy as I finished.

It was nearly midnight, and Mike and Tara had gotten dressed. They needed to get home to their kids, and to be honest, I was a bit tired as well. I said my goodbyes and stayed in the room as Maria walked them out, through the silent house.

As they left, I went to the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror. I felt saddened, regretful, angry at myself for letting myself fall into this. I splashed water on my face, trying to change the situation I was in, to no avail.

The bedroom door opened and closed, and she was there, next to me in the doorway.

"Hi," she said, semi-awkwardly. She was still wearing her robe, though I was still nude.

"Hi," I replied. "We need to talk about this." She nodded, knowingly, and climbed into bed, but not before slipping off her bathrobe. I climbed in next to her and we lay, looking up at the ceiling in the dark. "What are we?"

"Didn't you hear? I'm your dumpster slut," she said coyly, laughing a bit to ease the tension.

I laughed, but tried to remain serious. "C'mon now. What are we? What is this?"

"You tell me," she shot back immediately. "You're the one with the girlfriend." She was right. I had no answer for her.

"I don't know what to tell you. I like you. I want to be with you. I can't be with you. Not like this. You've got kids, a family. We're at different stages in our lives..." I trailed off.

"I know," she said softly. "But you know there's a chemistry." She was right again. I hadn't felt a chemistry like this with a woman since....ever. "You wouldn't have cum in my pussy three times if there wasn't."

When she put it that way, I felt ashamed of myself. I looked over at her, and she looked back at me. "I can't help how I feel, ok?" I said defensively. "You know I want you. But it feels so wrong."

"But it feels so right," she shot back. "You know I treat you better than she does. You know she doesn't do it like me."

Forty minutes had passed since Mike and Tara left, the clock neared 12:40 AM. We had reached no resolution, and Maria got out of bed and moved to the closet, grabbing a small box. I tensed, not knowing what to expect as she turned on the nightlight on the left side of the bed where she was laying. She dropped the box next to me and sat on the bed.

"Can we talk about this whole relationship thing later?" She asked, opening the box and pushing it in my direction.

I felt myself getting harder immediately. A large tube of lube, a small glass toy and a larger silicon dildo sat inside. I looked at her and she smirked. "I didn't forget," she said. I hesitated for a moment, taking the glass toy to examine it. A minute passed.

"So, are you just going to look at it?" She asked, still sitting on the side of the bed.

"Fuck you," I replied. She giggled. "Get on the fucking bed." I was half-kidding, and she sauntered onto the bed on all fours, leaning in to kiss me. "This is going to hurt you," I said softly.

"I know," she replied between kisses. "But I want to be your dumpster slut." That was all the motivation I needed. I sat up and guided her so her head was at the foot of the bed and she could see herself in the mirror across the room. I spread her thighs with my hands. "Spread your ass for me, put your head down," I commanded, giving her a pillow to lay on. She complied, spreading her cheeks for me to see her pristine hole. I almost felt bad, knowing this was going to be her first anal.
