 The week went by rather quickly, it was already Wednesday night and I was walking Achilles through the neighborhood. As we neared our townhome, I saw Susan's door open. Her eighteen year old, Jackie came bounding out carrying an overnight bag. "Hi Jackie!" I called out. Jackie turned and jogged over to Achilles and me, dropped to her knees and hugged Achilles while looking up at me...

"Hi, Mr. H, how are you?" she asked while scratching behind my dog's ears. "You should stop by; mom was looking for you earlier!" Jackie was gorgeous; she was just as tanned and fit as her mom. She was a stunner. She slowly stood up and leaned in and kissed me on the cheek. I knew she had a crush on me, I also knew she was only 18.

"Where are you headed this late on a school night?" I asked, like the surrogate dad I sometime kind of was.

"Mindy's, we're going to study for a Calculus test that's tomorrow."

"No boys!" I said mock sternly.She winked at me and smiled, then twirled and walked off. She hopped on her moped, blew me a kiss and zipped off.

Achilles and I walked up to Susan's door and rang the bell. Susan opened the door... "Hi H," she said with the classic Susan smile. She was wearing an old faded college sweatshirt and pink little boy shorts and nothing else. Wow, this was a beautiful woman. "Jesse called and he wants to play golf with you on Saturday if you're free and it isn't too cold."

"That's great; I'll get us a tee time."

"H, I appreciate your talking to him, this means a lot to me..." she said and leaned in close and kissed me. I stayed in control. I kissed her on the forehead; it looked like Elle and I were both getting involved in a relationship with a smoking hot little school teacher named Donna, we'd even made plans to see her on Friday night and Elle had been especially fired up all week, I couldn't go starting something up again with Susan. We had new house rules, since Vegas: no relations with friends, and co-workers or neighbors. Plus Susan and I had an emotional attachment that neither of us really had a handle on.

"I'll let you know what I find out." I said as Achilles and I headed to the front door.

"Elle left about fifteen minutes ago, would you like a beer?"

"We'll have that beer, next time..." I walked back over and kissed her on the lips and then took my dog home.

Elle

Elle pulled up to the shop and parked directly outside. The windows were blacked out, but her friend Millie had recommended it as a women friendly establishment. Elle entered the store and that it was indeed a sex shop. The first aisle she saw was filled with dildos of every size and color she could imagine. The next aisle had vibrators in every type of shape and size. On one wall were whips, belts and paddles. Elle wondered about the ball gags and gas masks. She passed DVDs, various devices for restraining a person and fetish clothing and other items all of a sexual nature....

Almost exactly one hour later Elle walked out of the shop with four large shopping bags. She stored them away and headed home....

Me

I was upstairs working on some sketches for the next issue, when I heard the tone that signaled the garage door was opening. Achilles ran down to greet my wife. In a few minutes Elle walked into our walk-in closet carrying four large shopping bags.

"I bought some new toys..." she said smiling. "Wanna see?"

"Sure," I said, thinking she had bought some hot clothes.

First she pulled out a large black silicone double-headed dildo, far bigger than any real cock I had seen before. She also pulled out what I realized was a strap-on belt. She also had smaller dildos, a paddle, what I recognized as a butt plug, some clothespins and some handcuffs. She had two dresses both in rubber. One was a short black mini-dress that looked like it fit a child. I looked forward to seeing her in that. The other was a black rubber version of one of those Donna Reed housewife dresses. I thought that would be nice to see her in as well. She finally pulled out a couple of pair 5 inch black stiletto pumps. "Wanna play?" she whispered.

"Sure...do I get a safe word?" I asked.

"What's a safe word?" She asked.

"A word that lets me stop the action if it gets too intense...."

"Pick a word!" she growled.

"Uh...radio."

"Radio? Okay radio it is...."

After a nice long shower together where we worked each other into a frenzy, we went into the guest

bedroom, both of us still partially wet from the shower. Elle climbed onto the bed on all fours and I mounted her from behind. I pushed my cock into her and she slammed back against me. We went on like this for only about ten minutes before I exploded inside of Elle.

She slid out from under me and walked over to one of the bags. She pulled out the strap-on with what looked to be a six inch cock. I lay on my side and watched her strap the belt on to her and rub KY jelly on her new toy.

She walked up behind me and began to apply lubricant to my asshole. After a couple of minutes she pushed the head of the dildo into me. We did a lot of ass play, but I had never had anything larger than Elle's thumb in my ass. It was very, very intense. She took her time but, she steadily pushed into me. At least a couple of inches were inside my ass. I grunted and she stopped. I took a couple of deep breaths and said for her to continue. She pushed forward and it felt like another two inches were inside of me.

Elle pushed again and I felt her body against mine. She was completely inside of me. "Do it..."I growled. She began to withdraw, slowly, almost all of the way out and then she pushed back into me. She pushed slowly but steadily, I felt her body again, against mine and she withdrew again. She began to fuck me in a steady rhythm. It both hurt and began to feel good. The dildo was stimulating my sphincter. I was getting hard again. Elle noticed.

"Your dick is getting hard again. You like getting fucked. I'm fucking you. This is making me so hot." She was talking to herself really, I was having a hard time focusing on what she was saying, my ass was sore and my cock was hard as a rock. Elle was seriously fucking me with her fake cock. I was trying to hold on but I couldn't. I shot a good sized load again and then collapsed on the bed.

Elle pulled out of me and got off the bed. I heard her flop in one of the chairs in the room and heard a

buzzing sound. I looked over and saw another of her purchases being put to use. She had a small vibrator pressed against her clit. I was worn out but I climbed off the bed and knelt between her legs. I licked her all around where the vibrator was working on her. She was sitting there eyes closed, breathing hard as I licked and bit her inner thighs. I pushed the vibrator out of the way and sucked on her clit. She came forcefully, shouting my name. I carried her to the master bathroom and I bathed us both before we went to bed for the night in each other's arms.

It was Friday evening and I was just returning from a long walk with Achilles. As I walked in the door, Elle was just getting in from her office. She walked in from the garage, kissed me and said she was going to shower and get dressed; she would be ready in an hour. She of course didn't close the door to the garage.

After feeding Achilles, I went upstairs to my bathroom attached to my home office. After showering and shaving I dressed and went downstairs and flicked on the TV to check the scores. Almost an hour and a half after Elle said she'd be ready in one hour; she came down the stairs into the family room where Achilles and I were. She was wearing the outfit I had bought her: a dark green leather dress that buttoned up the front with snaps instead of buttons. She wore matching dark green 5 inch heels. The

only thing I wasn't sure about was whether she was wearing anything under the dress. "I love this dress, thank you honey," she said with a nice kiss to seal the deal. "I like the new suit...."

We locked up and headed into the garage, as we backed out of the garage we saw some folks standing in front of Susan's house. I turned the truck around and pulled up next to a classic Mustang that I recognized, "Jesse! How you doing?" Jesse, Susan's son was home for the weekend. He was standing with a guy I didn't recognize, along with his sister Jackie and of course his mom Susan.

"H! Good to see you! Are we playing golf tomorrow?"

"Yeah, 11:00 tee time, I'll pick you up at 10!"

"Done! Hi Elle, how are you?"

"Welcome home, handsome!" Elle said to Jesse as we pulled away. That was one good looking family: Susan, Jackie and Jesse and Jesse had gained some serious muscle during the football season. "Okay, I'm willing to loosen up our restriction rules on neighbors; I wouldn't mind a couple of hours in the Jacuzzi with Jesse" Elle murmured. "Or his cute blond friend.

Does that mean I get a couple of hours with Susan in the Jacuzzi, too? I responded with a smile.

"Wow, we really have become sluts, haven't we? Although that would be hot, you doing the mom while the son does me in our hot tub" My beautiful wife whispered. I smiled, that would be pretty wild, and thank goodness we had the no neighbor rule in effect. "Wow, you do like that idea, don't you?" Elle whispered as she reached over and felt my hard on.

The woman, I love, talked dirty all the way to Donna's house. I pulled up outside her apartment building and,Elle got out and went inside. I got out and closed her door. Twenty minutes later the door opened and Elle walked out holding the hand of our date, Donna looked just as good as I thought she would. Her hair was in a thick braid, and the dark brown suede dress she wore looked amazing on her. I had guessed the right size, after all. Her chocolate 5 inch heels worked perfectly. Elle's and Donna's dresses were identical in design, just different colors, and fabrics.

The ladies climbed into the back and we were off.

Dinner was Italian at this new restaurant that both of the ladies had wanted to visit, we ate drank wine,

Donna and I drank wine, Elle had a vodka martini with blue cheese olives. The food was terrific and the conversation was fun and different. A three person date is way different than a two person date.

With dinner over we went across the street to this club called Jazz that featured live music. We stood at the bar, I had scotch, Donna had a Mojito and the redhead had a vodka martini with blue cheese olives. The quartet that was playing was pretty good; I was listening to and watching them for a couple of minutes and when I turned back, Elle and Donna were gone.

I looked around the large crowded room and then I noticed them sitting at a table with two guys. One of the guys was older, looked very fit with silver hair, quite handsome while the other younger man looked like he just stepped out of Asian GQ. Donna looked slightly uncomfortable while, Elle just smiled and waved me over. I walked over and the men stood and introduced themselves. The silver haired man was Hans, a retired German businessman who had just moved to the United States and Kip was his companion. 

It turned out that Hans was a big Jazz fan so as we talked, I gave him some great places to go hear live jazz in the city. Kip was quieter, although, once I sat down Donna became more comfortable and joined in the conversation that Elle was having with him. After another round of drinks we exchanged numbers and made our goodbyes.

In the truck on the way home Donna marveled at Elle's ability to just speak to anyone. Elle smiled, leaned over and kissed her softly. I pulled into our garage and we walked inside. I made some coffee with some added Frangelico. I brought the tray upstairs to our bedroom and placed it on the coffee table between our bedroom sofa and our bed. The ladies sat on the sofa while I poured coffee and the liqueur. Elle leaned over and whispered in Donna's ear. Donna smiled and those big beautiful brown

eyes sparkled at me.

Donna stood and walked over to where I was sitting on the edge of the bed, "Elle says that since you and I haven't made love yet, she'd like to watch us." Elle whispered to me. She then slowly pulled each snap of her dress until the tight little brown suede dress was completely open. She stood there, in front of me with her head bowed, biting her lower lip waiting. I leaned in and kissed her between her belly button and her wonderful full breasts, I reached out and slowly pulled her tan thong down to her feet and she stepped out of them.

I stood and kissed her, slowly but with increasing intensity. I raised my hands to her beautiful breasts and she sighed. I ran my fingers over her nipples and she pushed her tongue into my mouth. I pinched her nipples and moaned. I reached up and pulled the dress off of her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. "Take my cock out." I whispered to her. She reached down and unzipped my pants as I slid my jacket off. She pulled my rapidly hardening cock out and I whispered, "Suck your boyfriend's cock." She silently smiled and knelt and took me into her mouth. I watched her suck, lick, and get familiar with my cock. I was fully hard now and asked her to take more of me in, she got about four inches in and seemed to be stuck there, that was okay. Since Elle was interested in the idea of us having a girlfriend I figured I would have time to work on Donna's cocksucking skills.

I looked at Elle who stood up and walked over to me; she kissed me on the cheek and placed a condom in my hand. She backed away, turned and went back to the sofa. I reached down and helped Donna to her feet, her mouth sliding up and off of me, with a loud slurp. I stood, as well and kissed her deeply. As I tore the condom package open, Donna stared into my eyes and stroked my now achingly hard cock. I slid the condom over me and Donna pushed into me which had the result of me falling back on to the bed. Donna leaned over and slid my pants down and off. She slid my shoes and socks off as well and then climbed on top of me. I hadn't noticed her taking off her panties, had she worn any?

It didn't matter, Donna climbed on top of me, her wonderful breasts, temporarily covering my face, distracting me and then...I was inside of her. For some reason I expected her to be tight, not sure why, but I had expected that, she wasn't loose but she slid all the way down my shaft until she had all of me in. Not tight or loose, really, just wonderfully hot, soft and very wet. She began to slowly sit up, her hands pushing against my chest, until she was upright. Then she began to fuck me. Slowly, she began to rise a few inches and then come back down, then rise again. Even through the condom her heat and wetness were driving me insane. She began to torture her breasts again as she had done the first night we met her.

We didn't speak to each other, we just fucked. the only sounds were her groans as she twisted her nipples . I turned and looked at Elle who

was nude now as well. She smiled at me and walked around to the other side of the bed, behind where my head lay. She bent over, kissed me and then climbed on top of me. Her hips slid over my head and I was presented with her beautiful pussy which I immediately began to kiss, lick and suck. I was unable to see but from the activity and the noise, I suspected my wife and our girlfriend were getting to know one another, again.

That was confirmed when I heard Elle, groan much in the way Donna had been when twisting her own nipples, I suspected that Elle was now having her nipples worked on, by Donna's evil little fingers. This continued for several minutes, and I began to feel the beginning of vibrations in Elle, she was beginning her orgasm, her hips shook, and I heard her giggle. It was a small orgasm, she was just beginning to get going. This was going to be a long night. Elle slid back off of my now drenched face and bent over and kissed me deeply. Rising back she slipped back and off the bed. Donna continued to ride my cock, her eyes closed with one hand on one breast and the other between her legs, rubbing her clit.

I reached up and pulled her by the arm down toward me. She finally opened her eyes inches from my face. We kissed, I could feel the vibrations of her orgasm beginning. Donna came in my arms, bucking and shaking, but she continued kissing me through her convulsions. I was impressed with mysellf that I had not erupted yet, it must have been the scotch that helping me. Donna finally raised her head and re-opened her eyes. She smiled, sighed and told me how happy she was. Then her eyes got big, and her mouth formed an "O". I heard my wife loudly whisper to our girlfriend, "Just relax, honey; I've got this..."

End Chapter Three