 A Formal Dance

I once read someplace that "A good party us nothing BUT sexual undertones." I like that idea. That is why Mary and I decided to host the second party for our friends. Our "Make Out Party" had set the tone (see Chapter 1) and it was time to take our fun a bit further. We invited the same friends over for a formal dinner party and dance. All the women were ones I had fantasized about, and all the men were attractive to Mary. We thought it would be an interesting evening.

I put on my tux with my favorite red vest and bow tie. Mary looked stunning in a red satin dress, off the shoulder and dipping in front so her ample boobs showed quite a bit of cleavage. She had me sit on the bed and practiced bending over me, and I approved of the show she put on as I looked down her dress, her red bra barely covering her nipples. I stood up and she sat down, crossing her legs so her thigh spread open the slit in the side of the dress and revealed her very shapely leg. I pulled her up into my embrace and as I patted her ass she felt my crotch.

"Hey, randy man, you are getting hard already. We have a long evening ahead before we get to that part."

"Well, I hope we do," I answered. "I have had the hots for some of these women for years. If things work out tonight ..."

"We will see, we will see," she murmured and pulled away from me as the doorbell rang. I answered the door to our friends Bill and Karen. Bill was an ex-football player, chunky and strong if he was going just a bit to flab lately. Karen had been Mary's college roommate and we had exchanged a lot of sexual innuendo for years. I reached out for her and she flowed into my arms for a nice kiss. Her small but firm tits pressed my chest, and I let my leg press between her legs against the soft fabric of her long green gown. As I released her I let my hand slide over her ass lightly, as I had done many times before.

"Karen, it is always nice to see you. It is hard when you stay away too long," I kidded.

"Well, I hope it is still hard, George," she bantered back, with a flirty look.

Meantime Bill was greeting Mary the same way, I knew. I could see her wiggle her chest against his, and knew she was getting him in the party mood too. As I mixed drinks for our guests, she answered the next ring of the doorbell to greet Ted and Sue. Ted is tall, blond and handsome, and Sue is almost as tall, ash blonde and beautiful. Tonight she had on a silver dress, long but backless. I knew she did not like to wear a bra so her dress fell all the way to her waist in back, and in front was cut in a deep vee. As she turned, the sides of her boobs flashed enticingly from it.

I grabbed her around the waist and planted a nice kiss on her lips, sliding my hand up her bare side almost to the bottom of her tit. I saw Ted greeting Mary and noticed his hand brush over her boob.

Once more the bell rang and our friends Sandy and Jerry came in. Jerry looked sharp in a white dinner jacket. He is short but well built, and a bit audacious. "Hi, Mary," he said. "Are your boobs winking at me or what?"

Mary laughed and her hand ran lightly over his crotch as she kissed him. Sandy saw that, I am sure, and looked slightly disapproving. She was the least flirtatious of all the ladies and I was not sure how she would fit in this evening. She is short and on the chubby side, with nice big boobs and a wonderful ass.

Tonight I patted that butt as I pulled her close for a greeting kiss. I was not sure, but I thought she went out of her way to press her boobs against my chest and rub a bit. That seemed a good sign for the evening. Nothing but sexual undertones, remember?

After finishing our drinks, with a lot of sexy banter, we went in to dinner. The place cards around the table made sure nobody was sitting with their partner. I had arranged to put myself between Susan and Karen, and Mary was between Ted and Jerry. Susan's open sided silver dress gave me a peek at her tits every time she leaned forward, and Karen's leg in her soft green gown pressed against mine. I knew that when Mary sat down, the slit in her dress opened up almost to her hip and left the leg on Ted's side almost bare. 

We did not have to worry about anybody having elbows on the table. Every one of us was eating with one hand and the other was under the table. We followed old time social rules and let the hostess direct the conversation. She began talking to the gentleman on her left, which was Jerry, so I turned to my right and winked at Sue. My hand dropped under the table and rested on her leg just above the knee. In return, her hand went onto my thigh, a bit further up than that. I complimented her on her sexy dress, and she smiled and thanked me.

After a bit, Mary turned her attention to Ted. His hand under the table was moving a bit, I was sure, caressing her bare leg. I dropped a hand on Karen's thigh, almost in her lap, and she squeezed my inner thigh. This went on all through dinner, with hands all around the table sneaking upwards, and sexual banter being exchanged.

Mary said, "After dinner we plan to dance in the living room."

Ted turned to her, pointedly looking down her dress from his height, and said, "Nice slow music, I hope?"

Jerry chuckled and said, "Belly rubbing music!"

Mary dimpled at that and said, "Jerry, I will be glad to rub bellies with you."

Sandy jumped in there and commented, "He has a nice belly to rub. I know."

I was glad to hear the reticent one of the group participating. I hoped she would do more than talk.

Dessert was eaten rather quickly. By now Sue's hand was resting lightly on my crotch and I knew she could feel my hardon throb. I had a hand between her legs and my little finger was resting in her slit through the fabric of her dress. It was an entirely satisfactory party so far.

We went in the living room. Mary threw a lace scarf over the one light that was on, giving us a nice romantic feeling. She flipped on the tape we had ready, of slow seductive music, and melted into my arms. I rested one hand on her nice ass and pressed her close to me as we swayed to the music. The other couples did the same. I saw Ted's hand slide under the top of Sue's dress. Jerry was squeezing Sandy's ample bottom, and Bill was clearly groping Karen's boobs instead of having his arms around her. I was getting good and horny and I knew the others were also.

After a couple of grinding dances, with my cock good and hard, I turned around and tapped Bill on the shoulder. "May I cut in?" I asked. Bill stepped away and I pulled Karen close to me. As Bill took Mary in his arms, I pressed my body close to Karen's. We really did nothing but sway to the music, our hips sliding back and forth as we pressed into each other. I saw Ted tap Jerry and they switched partners also. The evening was warming up.

Then Mary cut off the tape. As the music fell silent, I moved to her side. We had planned the next step. "OK, boys and girls, now the fun begins. Choose partners and begin dancing, but George and I will not dance. In a little bit, we will cut in on somebody. Those people will cut in on somebody else, and so on, so that we mix up well."

Ted chuckled. "Mary, that is just like a High School dance!"

"Ah," I replied. "But we have a twist that is not like High School. Here is how it works. When you cut in, you get to undress your new partner."

I saw interested gleams in everybody's eyes. I went on, "Each time you cut in, you get to remove one item of clothing. It has to be a visible item, you can't reach underneath for something inside. It will be interesting to see the choices everybody makes."

"HMMM," muttered Sue. "The girls are wearing less than the guys in those tuxes."

"Yeah, that is true," I said. "So - I suppose the girls will get naked faster. When that happens, we will expand the game."

"Oooh," Karen breathed. "I have some ideas for what can happen then ..."

Sandy was looking uncomfortable. "I think I will sit this out," she said, heading for the couch. 

But Jerry grabbed her from behind. He wrapped his arms around her and grabbed her tits. "No, no. I want to play this game. Come on." He kissed her ear, and she turned to him and looked him in the eyes. Then she moved into his arms slowly. "She's in," Jerry said.

Mary started the music. I looked over the couples. Karen was pressed against Bill. I thought about her nice ass and those tits I had admired for years. Sue was seductive in that clingy dress, and her ass twitched against Bill's cock. Sandy was in Jerry's arms and his hand was squeezing her ample ass. Which one would I cut in on?

Next to me Mary had made her decision. She tapped Sue on the shoulder. As Sue moved away from Ted, Mary smiled at him and began removing his tux jacket. She tossed it on the couch and then pressed into his embrace. 

I made up my mind and tapped Bill on the shoulder. He released Karen to me. I wrapped my arms around her, and found the zipper on the back of her gown. I pulled it down below her waist, and then slid the dress over her arms so it could fall around her feet. She was left in a very soft silky slip, decorated with lace at the top. Her boobs peeked out of the top of it. I let my hand run down her back, feeling the smoothness of it over her ass. I pulled her into me. As she often did when we danced, she let her legs open so that my knee could press between them. This time she moved closer than she ever had, and my thigh was actually stroking her pussy as we danced. My cock was throbbing in my pants and I am sure she knew it. 

This left Bill and Susan to act next. Susan moved to Karen and cut in on me. With a knowing smirk she peeled off my tux and tossed it over her shoulder. She put her arms up around my neck and pressed her tits into my chest. I put my arms around her waist, low down so my hands rubbed her ass. We swayed back and forth, rubbing against each other.

Bill tapped Jerry on the shoulder. Sandy gave Bill a sort of quizzical look, but allowed him to pull off the soft knitted top she was wearing. Underneath it she had a lacy black bra. I raised my eyebrows at that. Sandy was usually not a sexy dresser. She moved into Bill's arms and they began rubbing bellies.

So now Jerry and Karen got to choose. With a grin, Karen came over and tapped Susan. Susan grinned at her, and let her move to me. Karen deliberately ran a hand over my crotch, feeling my throbbing hardon, and then she unbuttoned my vest and took it off. As she pressed into me, I asked, "Am I the chosen victim tonight?" She just muttered and rubbed my cock again.

Meanwhile, Jerry cut in on Mary. Ted released her, and she turned around so Jerry could reach the zipper on her red dress. He slid it off, and she stood in her short slip which displayed her legs so well. Jerry pulled her to him and they swayed to the music.

Ted and Sue looked at each other and nodded. Then - sure enough - Sue came toward Karen and me. She tapped Karen who stepped away with an arch look at me. Sue reached out and grabbed me by my waistband. She fingered the button of my pants, and unzipped the zipper. Her hand went inside my fly and rubbed over my cock as she grasped the pants and let them fall. Bending over, and displaying her tits almost down to the nipples, she picked up my pants and then gave the head of my dick a playful nibble through my briefs. I was willing to be their victim if that was the way it was going.

Ted cut in on Bill, and he unzipped Sandy's skirt and let it fall. She had on a half-slip beneath it which covered her legs. Ted put his hand around her bare waist and pulled her into him, and they began dancing, actually moving a bit instead of just swaying.

Bill headed right for Mary, dancing with Jerry. He put his arms around her and slid her slip up over her butt, then let both hands rest on her tits as he pulled up and over her head. Mary had on a sexy red bra, low cut so her tits almost popped out of it, and French cut red panties that clung to her ass. Bill planted his big hands on her ass and pressed against her. I heard her breathe something in his ear and caught the word "later."

So I waited to see what Karen would do. Yes, she headed right for Sue and me and cut in. They were really focusing on me. It took her a little time to undo my cufflinks and studs, and slide my shirt off, leaving me in nothing but my briefs. She let her fingers circle each of my nipples, and then pressed into me, rubbing her boobs over my bare chest. I figured next dance I would be in my glory. My cock was pressing hard on my briefs and making a visible tent. I pulled Karen's ass in close to me to hide it, which pressed it up hard against her. I know she felt it throb because she rubbed back and forth against it.

But now Sue surprised me. She headed for Mary and cut in on Bill. She tucked her hands up under his jacket, rubbing them across his crotch as she did. Then she tossed the jacket away and melted into his arms. He slid his hands down her soft dress onto her ass and pressed it into his crotch. She wiggled it a bit and they stood there swaying.

So now Jerry and Mary were the free couple. He let his eyes run up and down her body, in just her bra and panties. He gave a big grin, and then cut in on Bill. He knew Susan was braless under that silver dress. Slowly, slowly, his hands went to her shoulders and untied the knot behind her neck. Then he let the dress slide slowly down. Her half-slip became visible, clinging to her butt so we could see the outline of her thong under it. The dress slipped down further, and then Jerry let it drop. Sue's naked tits were revealed briefly and then Jerry pulled her into himself, so the tits were pressed to his chest. His hands caressed her naked back as they danced on.

Mary looked at Jerry quizzically, but then her eye turned to Ted. She tapped Sandy on the shoulder and put her hands on Ted's chest. She let them run down to his vest and took it off. Then she put her arms around his neck and pressed close to him. One of his hands went around her bare waist and the other rested on the silky panties over her ass.

Things were progressing. I was the only guy close to naked, but as Sue had pointed out we had more layers on anyhow. Sue, topless, was dancing with Jerry. Karen was in her silky slip, pressing close to me, and Mary in bra and panties was rubbing against Ted. Bill and Sandy looked around and made their choices.

Sandy tapped Susan. She released her tight hold on Jerry and moved away. As she did her nice tits were revealed and her nipples were hard and erect. Sandy had a bit of trouble with her husband's jacket but she got it off and tossed it away. She melted into his arms and ground her hips against his crotch. I realized she was getting into the spirit of the evening.

It was now Bill's choice. He tapped Jerry on the shoulder. Jerry released Sandy, who stood in front of Bill in her half-slip. He reached to her waistband and pulled it down. She was wearing white panties underneath it. The half moons of her nice ass showed through the semitransparent back of the panties, and the soft fabric outlined the slit of her pussy. I know my cock was throbbing looking at her, and I am sure the others' were too.

Sue eyed me speculatively. But then she tapped Mary and claimed the dance with Ted. She removed his trousers, and deliberately rubbed his cock as she did. Then she melted into his arms as he caressed the silky panties she was still wearing.

Jerry noticed that Karen needed some attention so right away he cut in on me. He knelt down and grabbed the bottom of her slip, running his hands all the way up her legs, then over her hips, and finally cupping her tits as he pulled the slip over her head. I saw that she treated him as she often treated me while dancing, opening her legs so his knee could press between them. She was wearing semitransparent panties, and I could see dark pubic hair in her crotch through them.

But Mary could see that Jerry was still almost fully dressed. She cut in, and took off his cummerbund before rubbing her belly against his. Jerry's hardon was now more visible and he took pleasure in the rubbing.

I surveyed the girls carefully, taking great pleasure in seeing all of them moving toward nudity. Then I tapped Bill to cut in on Sandy. I heard Sandy give a little gasp as she realized I was entitled to her bra. She stepped back and put a hand across it protectively. I reached behind her and undid the clasp, then worked it out from behind her hands. I put my hand on her bare back, pulling her to my chest. At the same time he took her hand and raised it to his shoulder in dancing posture. It happened quickly, and she pressed her boobs tight against me. I felt them soft against my bare chest, with hard little nipples I guess the rest of the guys were disappointed that they only got a quick flash of her ample boobs.

Karen and Bill were now free, and she looked at me thoughtfully. I figured she intended to get me naked this turn. Instead she tapped Sue. Sue stepped back from Ted's arms, again showing off her nice boobs. All the guys ogled her appreciatively.

Karen now unbuttoned Ted's shirt. Her hand caressed his nipples as she let the shirt drop. Ted was now wearing nothing but his maroon silk boxers, and his cock made a tent of them. Karen swept her hand over the front of them as she moved into his arms. 

It was Bill's turn now. I considered his options. He could get Sandy naked if he tapped my shoulder. But Mary was still in both bra and panties, so he could bare her boobs. He decided to go that way and tapped Jerry on the shoulder.

He took Mary in his arms, and unhooked her bra. Then he pulled up over her head, getting a nice feel of her tits as he did so. Mary put her arms around his neck so that her boobs pressed his chest and they swayed to the music.

Then Susan gave me a lecherous look, and tapped Sandy on the shoulder. Sandy moved back from me, covering her bare boobs with her hands. But she heard Jerry give a soft chuckle, so she defiantly raised her hands over her head and shook her boobs at him. 

Susan grinned at me and came close. She gently ran her fingers around the waistband of my shorts. Then she pressed my crotch into hers as her hands went behind me. They delved into the back of my shorts and kneaded my ass cheeks. She pulled my shorts off my ass, and then backed away from me a bit. My hard cock kept the briefs from dropping off in front, so she reached a hand inside them. She caressed my balls and then slowly ran her hand up the shaft, freeing it from the cloth.

Her hand reached the end. She gave a final rub to the tip of my dick, and then let my shorts fall to the floor. She knelt down to pick them up, and then placing her hands on my bare ass rubbed her body over my thighs as she arose. She gave my cock a passing lick, and then caught it between her naked tits. A gentle back and forth rub and she continued into a dancing embrace. We rubbed in time to the music, each of us panting a bit.

Now Jerry had the choice of putting the first pussy on view. He moved to Bill and took Mary by the hand. Then he began to kiss down her body. Her lips, her neck, her shoulders felt his lips. He softly raised a nipple to his lips and sucked softly. Down over her stomach to her belly button. He pulled down the side of her panties, exposing her black pubic hair. Then he dropped his lips to her inner thighs, and worked up. Slowly he pulled the panties down. Soon her slit was revealed and I saw it was wet and engorged. Jerry's lips sought the hard button of her clit and sucked it softly. Mary's hips twitched toward him. Then he stood up, holding her by one hand, and twirled her around so everybody could appreciate her nakedness. Grabbing her and pulling her to him, his hands pressed her ass so her crotch ground against his. Collectively, we all let out our breaths.
