 We walk up to the door. I'm with a 24-year-old woman, who looks nervous and excited. I'm neither of these things, just pleased with myself for finding such an attractive, willing slut for my master. I ask her to wait in the hall. I knock on the door, and he's waiting for me. He sits down on the couch, waiting for me to come to him. I smile at him, turn around and go to step outside. The look I see on his face before I turn for the door tells me he's displeased, or confused. I walk out to the hall, and take our young slut by the hand. I walk her over to him and I tell him I brought him a present. He finally smiles back.

My hand still in hers, I guide her into his lap with a gentle tug. They're kissing, and his hands go to her tits. I run my hand down the length of her body and stop on her pussy. I rub hard and slow over her jeans and she lets out a moan into his mouth. My other hand goes to her face and pulls her lips away from his. I kiss her, then I shove my fingers into her mouth, and tell her to suck. Her tongue glides over my fingers and I feel her mouth start to suck, just like I told her to. I start to unbutton her jeans, to gain access to her dripping cunt. I slide my wet fingers into her panties and my fingers rub slowly over her clit. 

I whisper in her ear "You better be a good little slut for Sir". 

She only nods. She's still nervous, but the wetness I feel coming from her pussy tells me she's ready for him. 

I remove my hand and pull her off him. I tell her to get on her knees. She does as she's told and waits for further instruction. 

My Sir goes to stand up and attempts to speak. I cover his mouth with my hand. I see he is not happy with me, but still I push him back onto the couch. I lower my body to the floor, and join our slut on my knees. We are waiting for his command. He unzips his pants, and takes out his hard cock. 

I lick my lips. I can't wait to get my lips around his beautiful cock. As I go in to start my work, he stops me by shoving his fingers into my mouth, and only offers his cock to our slut. Her mouth his full of his cock. I look up at him, and he's staring back at me with a smirk as I gag on his fingers. He knows I want his cock, and is getting off from denying me. She's pulling on his cock with the suction of her lips, and I can hear from both of their moans how much they enjoy it. I pull my head back and his fingers slip out of my mouth. 

I go to lick his balls as our slut continues to suck him off, but as I do, he grabs me by the throat, stops me and shakes his head back and forth, telling me "No". I give him a pouty look, and beg him for a taste. 

I tell him I'll be a good, obedient slut, for just a taste. He finally acquiesces. I go straight to his balls and take one in my mouth. I work my tongue and suck at the same time. I move to the other one, as our sluts starts gagging and choking on his cock. I know he is driving his dick down her throat. I take my attention away from his balls and pull his cock out of her mouth, and straight into mine. I take his cock as far as I can into my throat. He grabs me by my hair and pushes his cock farther down my throat, and tells our slut to watch. Then, he pulls out of my mouth. 

With one hand on the back of my head, and the other on the back of our slut's head, he pushes our lips to his cock. Our tongues dance along his shaft, as we work up and down with our lips. I'm done being obedient, and push our slut away, and take his cock back into my mouth. Again, I've disappointed him with my greediness. He pulls me off him, and slides back into her mouth. I know I won't be getting anymore of his cock until I make up for being such an impatient whore. I stand up, and I let them play for a bit, while I go change and prepare myself for them. 

When I rejoin them, she's naked, and laid out on the bed. My master is hovering over her, with his face buried in her pussy. I crawl up behind him, run my hands up and down his ass. I look over at them and watch his tongue slide over her clit. I feel a pang of jealousy. I want his mouth. The jealousy ebbs. I know if I please him, I will get what I want. I am still on my knees behind my Sir. I turn my attention back to him. My hand runs up and down the length of his cock. I squeeze firmly, and start stroking him while he devours our slut's pussy. I lean in to get a taste. I start licking his balls with long, flat strokes of my tongue while I continue to stroke him. I continue to move up until I'm at his ass. I take both my hands and spread him open and start lapping at his ass hole. He accommodates my tongue and spreads himself wider. I take hold of his amazing cock and start stroking him again while my mouth does its work. 

I feel him turn around to look at me, and I know I've done well. He beckons me over to him with a "come here" jester with his finger. I crawl up the bed to him, waiting for a command. He takes the leather restraints and immobilizes my hands behind my back. 

I let out a "Mmmm" as he fastens the restraints onto my wrists. I love the feeling of leather against my body, but I love being in his control more. 

He slaps her pussy, then tells me to make our slut cum. 

I'm lying on my stomach, with little control over my body. The restraints make it hard to prop myself up. There is only one place for my mouth - on her pussy. My tongue enters her and I start my assault on her cunt. I sense him coming closer to watch my work. He pushes her legs wider so I can get deeper into her pussy. His hand goes to stop me. With his fingers under my chin, he lifts my mouth away from her, and kisses me deeply. His hand slides to the back of my head, grabs me by the hair and shoves my face back into her. He is still close by, and then I feel his lips joining me. I work her clit with fast circles while he laps up at her wet cunt hole. She's writhing and moaning and so close to orgasm. I spit on her clit and continue to bring her to orgasm with my tongue. She cums, and cums hard. Into my master's mouth. I look at him and await my next command. 

Without speaking, he takes hold of my restraints, lifts me away from her and pulls me to my knees. Then he pushes my body up over our slut. I've done well, and I get to ride her face. I crawl up her body and shove my dripping wet pussy onto her waiting mouth. She takes my clit into her mouth and starts sucking, then alternates between sucking and licking me, like a ravenous whore. My hips thrust and I grind my clit against her tongue. Suddenly she gasps. I can't see him, but I know Sir has driven his cock into her. He thrusts into her, and as he does, her body and mouth move with each thrust, making exquisite movements against my clit. As my master pumps into her, and my hips grind against her face, I can sense that we are all close to orgasm. Before I'm able to cum, she pulls her mouth away from me, and moans. Her orgasm rocks through her. Her pussy tightens around my master's cock and I hear him tell her he's going to cum in her pretty little pussy. 

He grunts and gasps as he cums deep inside her. Almost immediately I feel his grip on my restraints. He drags me off her mouth, gripping my hair, he shoves my face back into her pussy. 

I'm smiling now. He knows his cum is mine, and I happily lick up all of it from her pussy. He uses his grip to move my mouth up and down her pussy, making sure I lick her pussy clean. 

He tells me that I am an obedient slut, and shows me his appreciation with a long kiss. He asks me what I want as a reward. 

I whisper my request into his ear. He looks at me, then glides his tongue against my bottom lip. 

Immediately he's hard again. He's hard for me. He goes to lay on his back and drags my body with him. I am sitting on his stomach now, facing away from him. He removes my restraints and tells me to ride him. 

I slowly slide onto his cock, and let out another "Mmm". I move up and down on his cock, slowly at first. He grabs my hips and stops me. We've almost forgotten about our slut. She is at his side waiting for his direction. 

I turn around and watch him as he grabs her by the jaw, and tells her that she needs to be a good slut, the he conveys my request to her. She is instructed to lick my clit as I ride him. 

Oh, how I want this. I start moving my hips again, bouncing up and down his cock. Her tongue is pressed hard against my clit and it feels so good. I slow down. I do not want to cum too quickly. I want this to last. I stop moving and raise up so his cock falls out of my pussy, and is positioned perfectly at our slut's mouth. I tell her to start sucking. She takes all of his cock into her mouth, then rubs the head of his dick over my clit. 

I ask her if I allowed her to do that? She looks up to me, and I slap her face. Then she smiles. She continues to suck my master off. I shove my pussy into her face, a telling sign that I want his cock back inside of me. She guides his cock back into me, as her mouth goes back to my clit. I can't help myself, and I start riding him harder, and faster. I am so close to cumming, and our slut and Sir both know it. 

She brushes her tongue perfectly over my clit while he pumps deep and hard into my cunt. I cum all over his cock. Exhausted and sated, I slide off him to allow our little slut to finish him off in her mouth. 

His cock tastes like my sweet pussy, and she loves it. She takes him into her mouth as he pushes her all the way down. I turn around and make out with him, just as he cums in her mouth. I lay down next to him, and she joins us. 

He tells me I've been a good girl, then he turns to our slut and tells her the same.