 This is a continuation of another story, entitled "Our New Friend". You could read that one first, but if you're anxious to get on with the fun, then there's nothing wrong with just diving right in - our protagonists are certainly going to ...

*

Our bed isn't large. Though it's more or less as large as it could be, within the constraints of the room. Our bedroom isn't large either. Between the walls and the bed, there's only enough room for single-file access to the cupboards and the bedside cabinets. There's some disarray to be found, if one were looking, and further chaos can be discovered behind the cupboard doors and inside the drawers.

More about the contents of those drawers later on.

She's lying between us, still sleeping, her body long and naked. We're both curled around her, together our legs are tangled in the sheets. We each have an arm laid across her smooth back, and she's lying on her stomach, her breasts pressed against the cotton sheet.

I lie there, wondering whether or not I'm the only one of the three of us awake, and think of the evening we'd just spent together. Of Emma taking my come, swallowing every drop. Of the taste of her on our friend's lips and tongue when I kissed her after we both made Emma come together. I think of the sight, and the sensation, of my cock sliding into and out of her arse. So deep, and hot, and tight. Her naked bottom is only inches from my hand, but I don't move, even as my cock hardens against the bed at these new memories.

The morning light brightens behind the still closed curtains, and I hear the birds beginning to sing their morning reveries at the rising sun. Yesterday had been warm, and today promises to be warmer still. Without wanting to wake either of the two beautiful women sleeping beside me, I start to imagine what we might do together today. Emma and I had both promised to bring our friend the intense pleasures that we had each enjoyed last night. And so I begin to construct detailed fantasies as I lie there, my hard cock increasingly uncomfortable against the sheet, my foreskin slightly stretched since I dare not move to release it.

Perhaps we'll, all three of us, fuck in the bed as soon as we're awake. Maybe Emma will wake soon, rolling and stretching, before moving her hand down our friend's body, between the cheeks of her arse. She'll reach around, dip a finger into her, reach another still further around, and our friend will slowly wake to the twin sensations of a finger sliding into and out of her, with another moving in circles over her clit. I'll trace kisses down beside her breast, and along her waist, and pull her knee upward. Now there'll be enough room to fit some licks and kisses right inside her thigh. It will definitely be possible to get my tongue close enough to her pussy for a taste.

Oh, that taste.

Maybe we'll fuck in the shower? Emma likes a shower in the morning, and though, like our bed, it's not very big, I feel sure we could fit inside it if we got close enough. With the soap and the hot water running over our bodies, I think I'd try to get my cock into her while Emma kissed her. It would have to be from behind, she'd push her arse towards me, and I'd fuck her while I played with her breasts, and while Emma kissed her.

My cock is getting ridiculously hard.

Maybe over breakfast? Emma naked, but for an apron. She'll be cooking some eggs perhaps. Our friend will be sitting on the kitchen table, legs wide apart, while I'll take turns fucking her, licking her clit, and - since it's my morning fantasies and I can therefore have anything I want - fucking her arse too. She'd said she was a little sore last night, so anal sex is probably out this morning. But during my imaginary breakfast fuck, it's a three-step sequence. Bend down, lick clit. Stand up; Fuck pussy. Fuck arse. Bend down; Lick clit. Stand up; Fuck pussy. Fuck arse.

God. It's too much. I have to move. I just lift my hips a little, to free my cock, allowing it more room. Emma stirs, but does not wake. Between us our friend continues to sleep soundly, silently. I carefully lift the covers to take another look at the length of her naked body. As though I hadn't seen enough of it last night - it's still a glorious sight; With Emma lying naked next to her, her arm still draped across her back. One of Emma's lovely breasts is visible, her nipple soft and round.

Maybe we'll fuck in the lounge again? Where-ever we do, and we must, because our friend hasn't come yet, and we therefore have a job yet unfinished to complete, it will be hopefully only the first of many. The second of many. Unless the first, last night, was only half. I think to myself, maybe it's only a complete fuck once everyone has come, at least once. I certainly don't deserve any more orgasms this morning, having come twice last night, but I doubt I'll be able to help it.

I won't be able to last long inside either of their pussies. Sometimes I prefer to imagine using the word 'cunt' to describe that wonderful palace between their legs, lips and hole and clit, delicious and compelling. But Emma doesn't like the word, she says it's too hard and nasty, which of course is one of the reasons I like it. I won't be able to last long inside either of their cunts, I repeat to myself, moving from detailed fantasies of fucking, to abstract words, turning them over in my mind. Cock, cunt, arse, pussy, clit, fuck-hole, come, twat, fuck, fuck, arse fuck....

There's a sound. Emma wakes. She doesn't move much, she just opens her eyes and smiles at me. The words are still rotating in my head, but I allow them to slow, and stop. Cunt, arse, pussy, clit... 

I smile back at her, and think to myself that if Emma's awake, we should spend some time lying here, and stroking our new friend's lovely smooth back together. Which of my imagined morning scenarios might come true, remains to be seen. Perhaps none. Maybe all. In any case, I begin to run the palm of my hand gently over the bumps and hollows of her spine, while looking into Emma's lovely eyes. Emma follows my lead, moving her hand in a figure-eight. Twin circles over her upper back.

This is our morning routine, touching each other before we get out of bed, sometimes fucking, sometimes not. Enjoying each other's bodies, and the love we share. This time, there's a beautiful woman lying naked between us, but it's the same easy and erotic moments, the same touching, the same love. The same sex. But with three, instead of two.

And then, with a sigh, our friend wakes too.

"Morning lovelies," she says, her head still lying on the pillow, facing away from me and towards Emma. "This is a fucking lovely way to wake up."

Emma and I smile again at each other, over our friend's naked body.

"I hope you don't mind if I just lie here for a little while, and enjoy this?" our friend asks.

"Of course not darling," Emma says. She kisses her gently on the forehead. "You can do whatever you like." She continues moving her hand over the firm flesh of her back, still drawing the figure eight. My hand moves down to her bottom, and stroke it with my fingertips, earning a small wiggle, and a quiet moan.

"Mmm... Yes please..."

I've always found an aspect of performance in every interaction with another person, a failing of mine, I suppose. Even if the conversation is easy, the company familiar and warm, everything I say and do still feels mannered - as though I could have chosen to do everything another way, and yet still remain myself. And as I roll my hand over the enticing curve of her bottom, I think of those past performances. At some point over the past year, perhaps more, I had found myself deliberately using her name less and less. It was as though I was trying to remove myself from what had seemed to me to be a developing eroticism in the new friendship between the three of us. As though I was unwilling to commit to the performance.

In the bed next to me, Emma suffers no similar reticence. She begins to embroider the figure-eight on her back with kisses, using her name under her breath, erotic incantations between each kiss.

Perhaps, I think to myself, it was a concern that Emma might feel a flash of jealousy if we became too close. After last night though, that seems now like the foolish worries of a child. I decide in that moment, that if we were going to become whatever you might call three people that sleep together on a regular basis, then it was time to move past my uncertainty. After all, I'd had my cock buried deep in her round and perfect arse the previous night - and together we'd brought my beautiful Emma to a shattering orgasm. We'd all been friends now for over two years. We were going to spend a lot of time fucking each other over the next, well, hopefully very long time. It was time to get over it.

I kiss the side of her breast, and she turns her head to face me.

"Rose," I say.

I savour the shape of her name in my mouth, it feels like a physical object.

"Good morning, you sexy thing," she replies. "I thought you'd forgotten my name."

"No, just saving it up for this little kiss," I kiss the side of her breast again, before tracing a small line against it with my tongue.

"Mmm..." she sighs, "...worth the wait," she looks at me seriously, "but don't stop playing with my bottom now, will you." She wiggles against my stationary hand. "You two made a promise to me last night."

"Rose," I say again, "you just lie there and enjoy yourself."

"Oh I will," she says. "You move that hand of yours down, and I'll enjoy myself just fine."

I do as she asks, sliding my hand down over her round arse cheeks, between her thighs, and over the smooth mound between her legs. I slip a single finger between her lips, and find a warm wet space into which it slides easily.

"Ohh, mmm," she responds, lifting her bottom up for me, spreading her legs a little wider.

Emma looks up from her kisses.

"What are you up to?" she asks, a teasing and playful note in her voice.

"I'm just sliding my finger inside Rose," I reply, still loving the feel of her name in my mouth, enjoying the warmth of the inside of her, sliding my finger smoothly and evenly into and out of her.

"Moving pretty fast, aren't you?" she asks, and then, between kisses, while continuing her journey over Rose's long back, "do you," a kiss, and a caress, "think she," a direction of kisses, in a straight line now, down her spine, "likes it?"

Before I can think of a suitably filthy reply, Emma's head arrives at my wrist. She kisses Rose's lovely bottom, licking between her cheeks, over her arsehole, before finding that she can't quite reach down far enough between her legs with her tongue, in the position we've found ourselves.

She kneels up again, lifting the covers, and grins at me. "I think we painted our attentions into a corner there, honey." Her breasts are, every time I see them, a sight that brings a me a simple happiness. While I'm enjoying their lovely shape, she lifts each of them in her hands for me, tweaking her nipples. I kneel up too, sliding my fingers out of Rose, over her bum, and along her back.

The room is warm, the air soft. The morning light through the curtains casts an orange glow across the bed. Emma pulls the sheets from Rose, casting them away. We're all uncovered now, all naked, Rose rolls over and looks up at her.

"Come here and kiss me good morning," she says, and Emma obeys. Still kneeling, she bends down over Rose and concentrates on giving her a long, slow, passionate kiss. As their tongues enter each other's mouths, Emma stretches out, laying her naked body against Rose, freeing her arms on which she had been supporting herself. Her left hand finds Rose's breast, gently pinching her nipple. Her right hand holds her cheek, her fingers entering her mouth, joining her tongue in their much-more-than-good-morning kiss.

I watch them, silently, my heart floating in a strange disbelieving suspension. My Emma. Our Rose. Their kiss is accompanied with sighs and moans. Emma moves her body a little higher, climbing Rose like a vine. She lifts her knee over Rose's body, and then tucks both her knees up under her, and I see my opening. Rose's legs are apart now, and Emma's position reveals her secrets too. I sit up, and move between their legs. Emma's a few inches shorter than Rose, and I find I can take my tongue on a hitherto unimagined journey. I can begin a lick almost on Rose's arsehole - not quite though, my tongue isn't quite long enough to reach. I can continue between her bald lips, dipping into her hole, twisting a circle there. Upwards over her clit, I find Emma's clit only inches away. Upwards further, between Emma's lips, swirling a circle around her hole too, and then upward further still.

Emma has never taken me into her arse, but she doesn't mind a finger, or a tongue, from time to time. And this is certainly a time, and so I don't waste the opportunity. I slide my tongue over her arsehole, and she wiggles her bum back against me.

"Oh my, did you just lick the both of us?" she asks, momentarily breaking away from their delirious kiss.

"Uhuh," I say, my tongue still tickling her arsehole.

"Really"? says Rose. "Do it again... And then fuck us both too," she adds, "I want your cock inside me soon." She kisses Emma, before continuing, "And so does Emma. She just told me with her eyes." This earns a giggle from Emma. They resume their long, slow kiss.

An erotic performance, similar to no other, well beyond anything I might have imagined. I journey the lick again, Rose's arse, pussy, clit. Emma's clit, pussy, arse. Again, and again. Their tastes are similar, but not the same. Emma's familiar, Rose's new. Both intoxicating, both delicious. I'm totally convinced that if I were to slide my cock into either of the wet, warm holes that I'm so busy tasting, I would come instantly, but I decide to take the chance anyway. I continue my final lick right up over Emma's arse, between her cheeks, up her back, and then find that with Emma lying as she is on top of Rose, it's perfectly impossible for me to reach.

"I can't reach you," I admit.

"Painted into a corner again," laughs Emma. "Well, this is Rose's morning anyway, isn't it?" She rolls off her, a slightly theatrical move that ends with her on her back, legs apart, giggling.

"There you go," she says. "Now there's plenty of room for you to slide your nice, long, hard cock into her pussy." She loves to talk to me like this, she sometimes writes me little messages while I'm at work. Little audible notifications from my pocket accompany filthy bon mots, to keep me distracted during meetings. It works pretty well. She moves back across, lays her head on Rose's belly, and looks up at me, with a smile. "I think I want to watch you fuck her from right here."

Rose's hands caress Emma's head as she lies there, stroking her hair and her cheek.

I oblige, uncertain how this is going to go, still entirely convinced that I'll barely make it inside Rose before I come, admitting even the possibility that I'll actually come in Emma's face before I'm even able to make it between Rose's legs.

I needn't have worried.

The sensation of sliding into Rose is as though I have soaked my entire body in a pure elixir of pleasure. I feel it moving over my skin, illuminating my bones. My cock sinks extraordinary into her. Emma moves her head from her initial vantage point. She alternates quick kisses on my belly, and slow sucks on each of Rose's nipples. I move the length of my cock, harder than I believe it has ever been, into and out of her warm, tight, delicious, wet and perfect hole. Miraculously, I don't come. Incredibly the pleasure only intensifies, I stay hard, and Rose starts to groan below the two of us.

"Fuck..." she sighs. "Oh... yes..." she moans. "Fuck me, god this is good, fuck me..."

Emma, busy at Rose's nipples, pauses her kisses. She looks up at me.

"Come down here," she says.

She moves away, giving me space, and Rose's eyes meet mine. I stop my movements for a moment, lower my body onto hers, and our lips touch. Up until this moment, we hadn't kissed, other than the occasional peck on the cheek, and that three-way kiss from last night. Her lips are soft, our kiss gentle, and I start to slide my cock into and out of her again. She moans in satisfaction, lifts her hips to meet my fucking. Her tongue enters my mouth, and my body tingles. The sensation of the kiss, and the pleasure in my cock, join inside my chest, delicious and warm. Time telescopes, the kiss goes on and on, becoming harder, more passionate. I feel Emma next to us, nibbling on Rose's ear, licking her neck. Her hand is across my back, stroking me.

Our kiss ends. I lift my head, and look into her eyes. Her mouth is open, she tilts her head back slightly.

"Oh god, fuck me..." Rose closes her eyes. "Fuck me, fuck me..."

"Reckon we should make her come?" Emma asks me, her lips close to my ear.

"Yes god, fuck me... make me come..." Rose says. "Please...."

Emma whispers in my ear, ending her words with a small kiss, "Up you get, I want to taste her."

I lift myself up again, supporting my body over Rose, and Emma moves downwards. Down to where Rose and I are joined, cock in pussy, and extends her long, curving tongue. She starts to lick, as best she can, Rose's clit.

"Oh god!" Rose reacts to Emma's tongue with a cry of sheer joy. "Oh fuck!" Emma's tongue continues its sideways flicks, each time covering and then releasing Rose's clit.

"God yes!" There's an intensity in her voice, a conviction in the solidity of the pleasure she's experiencing. She lays there and takes it, simply enjoying everything we're doing to her, every thrust and lick and kiss. "Fuck me, lick me..." Her eyes open again, she gazes up at me as I slide my hard cock in long deliberate strokes into and out of her. Some of Emma's licks stray further down Rose's pussy, the tip of her tongue touching briefly the shaft of my cock.

Unasked, Emma reaches a hand around Rose's bottom. I see it disappear from view as she moves it around the curve of her arse cheek. A moment later, I feel it emerge from under Rose. Her fingers touching my cock, searching around. A moment after that, Rose sighs a slow, erotic breath;

"Ahhhhhh oohhh, oh my god yes," and then; "Oh fuck me yes."

I feel Emma's hand start to move back and forth, and I realise that her finger, or fingers, are inside Rose's tight little arse. Emma pushes deeper, and I feel her invasion against my cock, inside her.

"Ooohhhh..." Rose's groan is low and long, almost a purr. Her movement, pushing down the bed slightly towards Emma's fingers, catlike.

Together Emma and I start to fuck Rose in both of her tight, hot holes. Emma's tongue still flicking over Rose's clit. I watch the movement, its pointed tip firmly pushing Rose's clit around. Emma and I find a rhythm, tongue and cock and fingers, the licks and thrusts synchronising.

"Oh god your tongue.... fuck me.... fuck me.... fuck me...." Rose's words are like a chant, soft and repeated, her body seeming to vibrate visibly to the sounds of them.

I feel Emma's hand thrust harder and deeper, pushing into and out of her arse. We're both concentrating our efforts, but I don't know how much longer I'll be able to last. I can feel the pressure of Emma's fingers inside Rose's arsehole against my cock, a sensation that will surely tip me into a too-early orgasm. And as much as I want nothing more than to release. To let the building pleasure peak, and to empty my cock into Rose's tight, hot pussy, we have still to make her come first. We promised her last night, after all. So I concentrate on something else, I look away from her beautiful body, from her large round breasts, her lovely face. Her arms are stretched out, fists gripping the sheets, eyes are closed tightly. I look instead at a point on the wall, concentrating on it, keeping my rhythm steady, trying to match Emma's finger thrusts, but trying not to think too hard about how incredibly hot even the idea of such a thing is.
