 The SUV pulled into a nondescript business park outside of Vegas. The sun had begun to set, but the weather was still warm – mid-80s, warmer than we were used to for this time of year. The plans had changed slightly as we headed over on this Sunday evening, still a bit jet-lagged from the flight.

Maria had managed to keep herself looking fresh with a brief shower at the hotel before coming out. Our room was immaculate, a gorgeous suite at The Oaks. As I sat in the back of the luxury SUV, I thought to myself – 'I could get used to this'. Of course, I was little more than a bystander this week.

Maria held my hand and I kissed her as the driver turned into a parking lot in the hills, with only a small sign denoting an LLC I'd never heard of. Maria looked pretty – she had curled her hair and wore minimal makeup with a tight red skirt and white top. She looked more like a girlfriend than a stereotypical porn star, and I suppose that for now, she was.

The driver pulled up in front of the building. It appeared to be a three-story office building with a warehouse attached to the back – it almost looked like a production factory.

I stepped out first, leading Maria in her four-inch heels out into the lot. Still warm. She adjusted her skirt and asked how her makeup looked. She looked fantastic.

A woman exited the building, and I immediately recognized her as Alicia, the woman who had greeted our Skype call weeks before. We exchanged pleasantries. She was a pretty young thing herself, maybe 21 or 22, brunette, very pretty with blue eyes. She led us inside, into a clean-cut, modern lobby with surprisingly classy furnishings. But given that the office wasn't even open for business, we headed back directly through the office to what appeared to be a conference room.

In the room sat another woman in her early 20s. She had strawberry blonde hair and looked out-of-place in this office. Alicia sat down at the conference table and introduced all of us. The other woman, Kelsey, was here for her introductory tour as well. This seemed to ease both of the women's nerves, as they began to make small talk with the nervous energy of two girls about to embark on new lives. Kelsey was from South Carolina and had recently moved to Vegas.

A black man entered the room and sat alongside Kelsey, and she introduced him as her business manager, Paul. We greeted each other, and I tried to assess their situation. Were they together? He looked more like a pimp than a boyfriend. Alicia ran down the week's itineraries for both girls – each had 4 films scheduled. Kelsey had a number of "teen" and "casting couch" videos scheduled, whereas we already knew Maria's MILF-heavy schedule. Paul and I sat silently and watched as the girls signed paperwork and giggled their way through Alicia's discussion. They each posed for ID pictures, and then Alicia had the two of us pose as well before giving us our temporary badges. I had been given "talent management" access, whereas Maria had been listed as "talent". "Talent management" – it sounded ridiculous.

The tour was surprisingly normal. The offices gave way into what appeared to be a number of large movie sets inside the warehouse, including a corner of the set, which appeared to be a small house, complete with working bathrooms and a full kitchen. I recognized some of the sets from my porn viewing over the years. Alicia led the girls, showing them the sets where they would be acting while Paul and I discussed business in the back. Paul was not new to this game, apparently – in fact, he had managed a handful of other actresses. As Alicia showed Kelsey her fake office for her casting video, Paul and I stepped outside for Paul to have a smoke.

"So, you have no other actresses at the moment?" Paul asked, curious.

"Nah," I responded. "New to the business, I suppose."

Paul nodded and smirked. "We all have our first," he said, flicking the ash from his cigarette. "She's a bit older, but she's cute. She could do alright, make some decent cash for you." He said this all so non-chalant, but I could see that he sensed my hesitation. "She's your girlfriend, isn't she?"

I smirked a bit. "Yeah, she is," I replied. "And Kelsey? She's just business?"

"Just business," he replied. "Keep business and pleasure separate. I've been where you are, man. Be careful. A lot of girls start the same, naïve, naïve boyfriend. Then they get a taste of the game, a taste of the money, a taste of the life, and it all gets out of control. Kelsey has a drug problem."

I was taken aback. "What kind of problem?"

"Coke," he said sternly as he took a puff. "90% of the girls in this business have a drug problem. Not to mention fucked up emotional issues," he said. This was getting a little serious. "She wants to get out," he continued. "But she can't. She can't afford her drug problem without it. She's 21, high school education, no real work experience. She's a whore," he said sadly, finishing his cigarette. "She's got a few years left with these looks and then she's no different than any girl on the street. She's got a chance to make some real cash now, but she's snorting it all away. Keep an eye on Maria, man. Don't let the game get to her," he said, opening the door as we headed back inside.

There wasn't much left of the tour at this point. Alicia pointed out some of the sets that the girls would be using this week, and handed paper schedules to the girls. I couldn't keep my eyes off of Kelsey. She was tiny, maybe 5'2" and couldn't weigh more than 105 pounds. Her long red-blonde hair fell down her back casually. I couldn't tell if she was wearing minimal makeup or none at all. She was quite the natural beauty - the kind of girl whom, frankly, I'd watch on porn websites. The four of us all made some small talk as we waited for Alicia to print some files; Kelsey was extremely flirty with both Maria and me. Paul sat mostly stoic, businesslike. None of this was new to him.

There was a new car waiting for us outside the building, a rental car for me and Maria for the week. I punched our hotel into the GPS and we headed out into the night. She was excited yet clearly nervous about tomorrow. She'd still had yet to meet the man she was scheduled to fuck, and she nervously chattered my ear off as we drove. It was cute, though I couldn't help but wonder what was going to happen to our relationship after this week.

The next morning was quiet. Maria needed to be at the office by 9:30, and we quietly went about our morning routines. She dressed modestly, jeans and a t shirt, light makeup, and didn't say much as I drove her to the office. She kissed me on the lips as I dropped her off and headed out into the warm Vegas morning. I wandered the strip for most of the day before she texted me at 4 PM that she was just about ready to go.

It went well, she told me as we drove. Certainly different, very staged and produced, but she had fun and she was being paid, she reminded herself. The second day was similar. Things had gotten mildly awkward between the two of us. It was almost like she didn't want to tell me the details of what had happened; of course, I could just watch it online later if I wanted.

Tuesday night, Extreme splurged for us to have a small private room at one of the hottest clubs in town. One of the perks of being in the porn game, I suppose. With no work the next day, I think we were both excited to let loose a little and have a few drinks.

The club wasn't far from our hotel, and we walked the strip to get there, meeting up with Kelsey, Paul, and a few others along the way. Maria wore a cute pink dress and heels, red lipstick, and wore her hair straight. Kelsey, however, was the star of the show for me – tight black dress that barely went below her waist, decent-height heels, wavy hair. The other girls looked gorgeous as well, but both Maria and Kelsey seemed to hang around me and Paul – life was good.

I'm not much of a club guy, but I could get used to the private room. We headed upstairs to the VIP and into a small room. There was a balcony overlooking the dance floor, where heavy bass dance music thumped and strobe lights flashed. The girls flirted with the men, and everyone partied. I recognized one of the other girls from online porn, but no one talked about work. We were all equals here.

Kelsey had become increasingly frisky and flirty, and we began doing shots. I was loosening up for the first time on this trip, and I couldn't help but notice Maria looking jealously in my direction, becoming more antsy as Kelsey and I flirted. The girls danced a little before Kelsey wandered over to me and plopped herself on my lap. She smelled of alcohol, not surprisingly, and draped her arms around my shoulders.

"Do you want some molly?" She asked softly, her piercing blue eyes drunkenly looking into mine. I harkened back to Paul's comment about her drug use and shot a look in his direction. He was chatting with another man unassumingly. Maria, however, was still glaring at me.

"Not here," I replied. She laughed a little and squirmed in my lap. This was, without a doubt, the hottest woman I'd ever had on my lap. She was even tinier up close, her soft legs dancing alongside my hips as she struggled to pull her dress down.

"You know you want to," she said teasingly. I did want to.

"Let's go to the bathroom, then the dance floor," I said. Her eyes lit up. "Meet me in the men's room in 2 minutes," I said with a smile. She nodded and stood up to rummage through her purse for her phone while I headed to the VIP men's room.

The bathroom was nice, very clean, dark pseudo-marble with red trim. Three stalls, two urinals, and a counter with sinks and mirrors. It was silent – the club wasn't exactly hopping on a Tuesday night. I weighed my options and headed into the third stall, closest to the wall, and waited.

A few minutes passed, and I heard the door open softly. I looked under the stall door to see heels walking slowly towards me, and I unlocked the stall door for her to come in. And within an instant, we were pressed against each other in this tight stall. She pulled the drugs out of her bra and we each took a hit.

I felt my phone vibrate and pulled it out to see a text from Maria. "Where are you?" it read. I debated responding as Kelsey took the phone from my hand and plugged her number into the phone book and giggled. I couldn't take my eyes off of this girl, and I led her out of the bathroom....right to Maria.

Maria smiled and took my hand, with a look in her eye. I couldn't tell if she was angry, horny or what, and the three of us headed to the dance floor. Within minutes, I was rolling, and Maria and Kelsey seemed to be having a dance-off to see who could excite me more. They took turns grinding on each other and on me, and I loved every minute of it. Others joined in our dancing circle, and I believe one recognized Kelsey from her videos. As sexy as Kelsey was, I naturally gravitated towards Maria as other men danced with Kelsey.

We began to whisper dirty things to one another, and she seemed proud of the fact that she was now, indeed, a pornstar. I could sense things were getting heated as we grinded against each other. Thoughts flashed through my head – thoughts of what she had done over the previous two afternoons. We still hadn't talked much about it, though I suppose it wouldn't be long until I could see the videos. But while it was a bit awkward, a bit weird, I knew it was all business. She pushed her hips into mine and bent over, rubbing her ass onto me, and I knew this felt right. "Everyone upstairs left," she said in my ear, looking up at our dark balcony as we danced. "Let's go upstairs...." She trailed off.

That was all I needed, and I took her hand to lead her off the dance floor. She paused for a second and held me back, grabbing Kelsey by the hand to lead her away from the two men she was dancing with. The three of us headed back up to the VIP, which had quieted down significantly. We made a beeline for our room and closed the door. The dance music continued to thump, and Maria sat down on the couch, enticing me. Drunk and rolling, I wasted no time and began to undress her. I slid her dress over her head and tossed it to the floor to reveal her bra and panties as she fumbled with my jeans. Kelsey followed suit, sliding her dress to the floor and stepping out of it as she adjusted her hair. She was not wearing panties, and my jaw almost dropped to the floor as I sized her up.

As sexy as Maria is, Kelsey was, again, without a doubt the hottest chick I'd ever been with. "Get on the couch," I demanded, taking control without a second thought. Kelsey jumped onto the couch next to Maria as they both sat up. "Bras off." They obliged. Maria revealed those gorgeous voluptuous 36Ds, but Kelsey revealed tiny perky breasts. I sat on the couch between them, in only my boxers, and the three of us began to kiss. My left hand caressed Kelsey's tight body, my right hand on Maria's curves. This was heaven.

The music thumped and we began to touch each other. I was instantaneously hard as the two of them began independently fumbling for my boxers in the dark. Sensing an opportunity that I may never have again, I seized the moment and stood up to remove my boxers. Feeling empowered, I asked the girls to kiss. Maria shot me a look, but I didn't budge, daring her to kiss Kelsey. As she leaned over tentatively, Kelsey leaned into her, pushing Maria on her back.

I sat back, nude, in a chair and watched as the two girls kissed. Kelsey clearly had done this many times, and Maria performed admirably. I couldn't tell whether she was into it or not, but she certainly looked hot. I hopped over as they kissed and removed Maria's panties, dropping them to the floor in the dark black-lit room. The girls' legs brushed together enticingly, Kelsey's skinny legs and Maria's sexy thighs.

I couldn't resist. I leaned in and began to caress Kelsey's ass before moving to Maria's inner thighs. Neither girl budged, both in the moment, until I finally felt Maria's legs spreading. I began to finger her softly, to open her up, until I felt her becoming wetter. With my wet fingers, I made the move on Kelsey, my fingers penetrating her. She moaned softly and looked over her shoulder to me before going back to Maria. It was definitely on.

Not able to wait any longer, I brushed Kelsey to the side and mounted Maria on the couch as I spread her legs. She moaned and began to grind into me as we bounced with the dance music. Kelsey stood next to me and leaned in to kiss, her hands moving to Maria's breasts as we kissed.

I took Kelsey by the hand and directed her to kneel atop Maria's body. I knew this would be questionable – I was lucky to have had Maria kiss a girl, let alone handle hips in her face. But I was rolling and had no intentions of stopping. Kelsey climbed on top of Maria, and we continued to kiss as I fucked her. Kelsey dipped her hips to Maria's mouth, and I hesitated nervously to gauge the response.

Kelsey's eyes rolled back into her head and she arched her back in ecstasy. I moaned, knowing that Maria had faced her fears. Kelsey certainly appeared to be loving it, and I was proud of Maria coming into her own down there.

Within minutes I pulled out and guided Kelsey off of Maria. I leaned in to kiss Maria, tasting what I could only assume was Kelsey's pussy, on her lips. I took Maria by the hand and led her to the floor, seated, legs spread on the plush carpet as I pushed a coffee table to the side.

Kelsey brushed her hair back, looking up at me adorably, awaiting instruction. "On your hands and knees," I said softly, guiding her to the floor. She obliged, at Maria's hips. Maria and I locked eyes and I nodded. Maria ran her hands through Kelsey's hair and pulled her gently to her pussy. I knelt on the floor and positioned myself behind Kelsey. Her pussy looked unbelievably tight and pink, and it felt just the same. Dear god, I can see why they pay her the big bucks. She moaned and I began to fuck, my hands groping her ass and slapping as I went deep inside. She fingered and licked Maria, and Maria and I locked eyes. I had finally gotten her approval.

A knock came at the door across the room. I wasn't stopping, and they certainly weren't going to hear us calling. The door opened and a youngish man entered the room. The three of us all watched as he entered – it was a waiter. He stood aghast as I pulled out and the girls stood up.

"I...I just wanted to see if you guys needed anything," he stammered as he checked out the girls.

"Close the door," I said confidently. He did, still clearly nervous. "We don't need anything; I think we are all set."

The man stood near the door, still awkward. "Are you....Amy Dixon?" He said, looking at Kelsey. She nodded and smiled. He smiled back. "Wow, I'm a big fan, I mean....you look beautiful," He trailed off.

"Thanks," she replied awkwardly. It was clear that this guy had ruined our vibe, temporarily.

"If you don't mind?" I said. "We were in the middle of something?"

"Oh yeah," he said, retreating to the door. "....do you mind if I watch?" I hesitated and looked at the girls. Maria shrugged.

"Ok with me," Kelsey sighed. These girls were porn stars after all. I could sense Maria was unsure, though.

"You can stay. But sit in that chair," I said, pointing to a chair across the room. "And no touching." His face lit up and he ran over to the chair.

Unsure of how to proceed, I decided to lay on the floor, taking Maria's hand and guiding her on top of me. She did, my cock sliding into her hole with ease as I pulled her close to kiss. I decided to let Kelsey decide how to react, and she did so by kneeling on all fours behind Maria. I pulled Maria's ass cheeks aside and felt Kelsey nuzzle in, her tongue teasing Maria's holes and the base of my cock, her ass teasingly in our guest's face. I could hear him adjusting, and looked up to see him dropping his pants to the floor.

I wasn't about to stop him, and his pants fell as he began to stroke. I grasped for Maria's ass and continued to kiss her, our hips writhing together as I approached climax. I saw Kelsey's head poking up periodically as she continued to lick Maria.

Our partner was on the edge of his seat, stroking as he watched the three of us. The girls moaned and cooed perfectly, giggling as they could sense I had gotten close.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him stand up and move to Kelsey's side. She gasped as she saw him, and sat up, kneeling at his feet. He urged her to suck him, and she shook her head no and moved over to my side. I tried to maintain focus on Maria as the man grabbed her ass, squeezing it.

Maria's eyes got wide, losing her concentration, as the man began to cum. He squirted all over her lower back, splashing some onto her ass as Kelsey looked on in horror. I was too far along and wasn't going to stop, thrusting deep inside her pussy as I watched the man cum. The man stood back and admired his work for a half second before realizing what he had done. He apologized profusely to the girls and began to dress himself as I began to cum. I pumped deep and came hard, kissing Maria as she turned her concentration back to me. The man paused to watch before dressing and leaving quietly, and I lay back on the carpet, spent. Maria rolled off and Kelsey helped her clean her back, and the three of us dressed ourselves and headed out. As we left, Kelsey draped herself on my arm and told me I should be her manager. I had no response for her as we headed back to our hotel.

The remainder of the trip went fine, I suppose. Maria and I had "regular" sex on Wednesday, and she had film shoots on Thursday and Friday. This time, though, we did discuss her work. She came back to the hotel excited to discuss her shoots on both days, eager to tell me all about it.
