 That night, we were silent as we walked back to our cabin. I know I was a little overwhelmed with how well things had gone, and how excited Cindy was and how easily she really got into being naked with others. The way she got all excited about roger's cock got me all stirred up and excited inside, too. I felt my cock growing just a little, now swinging back and forth with each step. Watching Cindy's ass in front of me didn't exactly deaden anything either. 

When we arrived back at our cabin, Cindy turned to me, in all her naked beauty, put her arms around my shoulders and planted the biggest wettest, warmest kiss on me we'd shared in months. Her naked nipples softly raking my chest, and her legs rubbing gently on my semi-hard cock, and it was a fire that needed little stoking.

"Let's go inside, I want to fuck the hell out of you right now. This has been the most awesome day I have ever had in my entire life, and I want you to know how much I love you and want to say 'thanks' in my own way." 

With that, she took my hand, turned, and we headed up the steps, thru the door, and straight to the bedroom. All the while I was thinking this day just keeps getting better and better. By the time we got thru the bedroom door, my cock was a raging hard shaft. Kneeling, Cindy cupped my balls in her soft delicate hand, and guided my dick right into her lips. Damn, was her mouth ever steaming hot around my meat. I don't think it had ever felt that good being in her mouth, and she was one of the best cocksuckers I'd ever been around. She took it in, and her tongue swirled all around the head. I felt like I was going to shoot my load right then, and I think she felt me getting stiffer in her mouth, and my legs tightened.

"Mmmmm, you taste so good tonight. Your cock, Linda's pussy juices.....mmm" she whispered, looking up at me with those hungry, warm eyes. Just the view down into her face, my hard cock half-way in her mouth, those soft sucking lips, and those big round tits topped with large coned nipples, made me even harder in her mouth. She just kept slowly working her mouth around my cock, sliding me in and out while her tongue and lips caressed, so much like the depths of her pussy when her pussy muscles gripped my cock. Soft moans reached my ears, as she was now really into making love to my cock with her mouth. Felt so much like a nice warm, tight pussy, I could do this for hours....or until I couldn't stand it any more. It was long before I felt the flames burning hotter inside, and I guess Cindy felt it too. She withdrew her mouth off my meat, and lowered her face so my balls were at her mouth, and then they disappeared as she sucked them gently in. This drives me absolutely wild, and she knew what she was doing. She started stroking my dick as she sucked, and it wasn't long before she quickly shifted positions, sucking really hard on the head of my cock, and I felt like my cock was exploding with cum. Cindy just kept sucking it in and swallowing, with a dribble escaping down her cheeks now and then. One helluva hot sight, her sucking me dry as my dick spasmed in her mouth, with my milky cum oozing down her face onto her perfect tits.

From there, with my knees weak and shaky, we headed for the bed, and before I could lay down, Cindy was throwing her right leg over my face, her beautiful tits right in front of my face. I could fuck this angel forever, I thought, as I felt the softness of her thighs against my cheeks, and the musty sweetness of her cunt hovering over my mouth. My tongue found her glistening pussy lips, and savored the creamy delight covering them. Cindy began slowly sliding her pussy slit up and down on my mouth, so my tongue found her clit, then her wet hole, and her warm swollen cunt lips now basted in her womanly essences. She paused when I found her slit, and sucked it into my lips softly, then teased it with the tip of my tongue. I tugged at it with suction, and Cindy moaned louder, and pressed her whole pussy firmly down on my face. I could drink of her juices til the day I died, they're so sweet and creamy. It didn't take much of my mouth squeezing on her clit before Cindy shrieked, and it was like a dam bursting, her juices filling my mouth, and coating my face. When she cums, she cums a lot, and she squirts, too, so I was pretty well drenched down to my chest, and her cunt just kept orgasming, dripping even more of her nectars. Her thighs squeezed my face tight as her loins clenched, and then she literally crashed onto the bed next to me.

"I have never cum so hard as I just did. It felt like everything in my whole middle was cumming, and I could feel the cum filling my pussy and then squirting out all in your mouth. That was unbelievable! What a day this has been. Now I know enough of what I was missing to never want to miss another minute being naked and horny again. You've got me, I'm your naked slut, from now on. My pussy, shoot, my whole body, is yours any time you want it."

And like a light switch had just flipped, she was asleep, breathing so deeply. Smiling, inside and out, I finally drifted off, too, with the fragrances of fantastic sex surrounding us.

The next morning, I awoke with sun shining brightly thru the window, which was open, and warm air was blowing thru the room. I heard something moving around and clinking in the kitchen, and realized Cindy was already up and in the kitchen. Again I smiled, knowing this was a definite sign of how excited she was and how much she was looking forward to this second day of nudity and fun.

"Hey, you ready for some coffee?" came around the corner from the kitchen.

"Sure I am. What a nice way to wake up" I said as I climbed out of bed and headed for the kitchen. Once there, it hit me again, here was that beautiful angel who'd been in my bed last night, the one that took me to heaven and back.

Love the outfit" I said as I smiled at her when she turned around. 

She smiled back, and looking at my half-hard cock said "not a bad outfit you have either, my sex stud." She put her hands on my balls, and slid them softly out to the end of my dick, and I know it had to jump 3 inches off her hand at the feel.

"Damn, you sure know how to touch a man!" I said, as tingles went from the top of my head down to my toes.

"Got to appreciate a man who fills me like you do, Bill. Your cock is the perfect one for me, can't tell you how complete I feel when you are as deep inside me as you can get. Feels like our souls are blended into one when I can feel your balls against my cunt, with your meat so hard and so far inside me."

"I almost wish we hadn't committed to breakfast, would be nice to make love to you all day long, inside and outdoors in the woods. But, I guess we should get started to the Hardy's cabin so we're not late."

We headed out the door, and down the wooden steps, feeling the coolness of the grass beneath our feet on the path. The smell of the woods, the birds singing, the warmth of the sun, and my wife's shapely naked body in front of me, it just does not get any better than this. What a lucky man I am.

As we rounded the bend at the big pine tree, we could see Linda and Roger on the porch, setting the table on the porch with a red checkered tablecloth.

"Hey, guys, could it be a more beautiful morning than this? Boy, someone's gotta be living right, with the fantastic weather, being out in the country, being totally naked, and sharing the start to the day with good friends like you guys," I said as we walked on up.

Looking up and smiling really friendly, Linda commented "no, you are so right, Roger and I were talking, and couldn't remember having as much fun with people we'd just met as we had with you guys today, and now again this morning. Just seemed to feel like we have been friends a long time." We were up the steps now, and Linda gave Cindy a big hug, pulling her close, and kissed her on the cheek as their breasts were pushed tightly together. Roger and I shook hands, and then his hand dropped to my cock and stroked it a time or two, and said "good mornin' to you, too!"

Not to be unfriendly, I wrapped my hand around his long dong and gave it 2 or 3 firm tugs, then cupped balls some. We both just smiled. Felt like I'd found my long lost best friend again, and it felt good.

"Well you guys just have a seat, and we'll bring out the fixin's so we can all eat," Linda said, and they both disappeared inside, coming out in just a minute loaded down with a platter of scrambled eggs, fried sausage, and homemade biscuits. There was a tray with butter, grape and apricot jelly, and honey on the table, so this was really looking delicious. We all filled our plates, and filled our coffee mugs, and proceeded to enjoy the best tasting breakfast, way out here in the backwoods of Texas. Talk was easy, and laughing filled the air. So relaxing to be with friends, perfect surroundings, perfectly naked, and having so much fun.

Roger and I got up when we were done, and loaded up the dirty dishes and hauled them inside so the ladies could enjoy the atmosphere outside a while longer. I felt really good inside, having brought Cindy out here, and for it to have turned out so nice. After rinsing them off, we put the dishes in the dishwasher, and got it started before heading back out onto the porch for a last mug of coffee. As we walked out, I noticed Cindy glancing very discreetly at Roger's cock, which swung freely when he walked. Again, I just smiled, but this time in amazement at Cindy's infatuation with his meat. 

In a few minutes, we all decided to go for one last long hike, and end up at the pools so we could enjoy a few more games of water volleyball with the others that were out. We let Roger and Linda lead, and I followed Cindy. Scenery...my definition had now had the bar raised. Green trees and vegetation, warm sand, the sun on your skin and the caressing of the wind, just weren't complete without the naked beauty of a woman's body walking in front of you. I knew I never wanted to leave.

We hiked on down, past the pond, and began following a cute little creek that sometimes gurgled over the rocks as it flowed. Around one bend we found a sun-splashed small Glen, where the grasses were up to our hips, and very soft and pliant.

"Oh, let's take a break right here, Billy, can we? This is so pretty here, and the sun feels so good on my body."

Looking at Roger and Linda, and getting their approval, we all agreed. "Sure, let's enjoy every minute of today, so all is good today."

We all laid our towels down as pillows, and stretched out in the soft green grasses, and just felt like we were melting as one into the earth.

"You know, Linda and I have been here a number of times, and at other places as well, but we've never felt like we have on this vacation. Tell me if you guys feel the same way, but we talked last night, and felt like being somewhere like this, with guys like you two who we've had such fun with, that "sex" wasn't really the fitting word for the sexual fun we enjoyed last night. Almost love-making, but more, don't you think? Almost like us making love to each other, and making love with the world, too. What do you guys think? Are we nuts?" Roger said, smiling.

Cindy and I were quiet for a bit, thinking of the way Roger had worded what he'd said. I felt the same as he did. Cindy volunteered "No, you're not nuts at all. I, for one, felt a lot of what you talked about. Like it was an amazingly beautiful thing we all shared last night, with each other, and with this world we're in, with nature. For me, there weren't words to describe how free I felt, nor how passionate I felt as we shared each other's bodies. There was a feeling of giving all of me to the moment, not to a man, but to a moment in time, a moment made for all of us, last night, to be enjoyed to the fullest."

"I can't add anything to that, as that says it really well how I felt, too," I offered, remembering the bliss of the evening. Of making love to Cindy, and of enjoying Linda's body and the feel of her enjoying mine.

"I'd like to give you guys something to remember us, and this weekend by, if it's ok with you. It's not so much sexual, as much as it is how much I want to show you guys how much I care about you, how close I feel to you." Linda looked at us, and of course, we were all ok with whatever she had in mind.

"I'd like to have Billy make love to me, doggy style, and have Roger make love to Cindy doggy style, with Cindy and I looking at each other. I want to have Billy's cum deep inside me, and Roger's cum deep inside Cindy, just something warm for us to take back home with us."

No other words were necessary for any of us. The girls, faces close to each other, and then unexpectedly, Cindy kissed Linda with everything she had in her. They laid down, kissing passionately, for minutes, then kissed and sucked and nibbled on each other's nipples, until both of them had cum. Rolling over, back up onto hand and knees, Roger and I buried our stiff cocks in their warm wet pussies, and started pumping. It was a cool experience, erotic in ways, looking up to see Roger's cock burying into Cindy's cunt, and feeling mine being engulfed inside Linda's warm, muscular hole. I'd swear she had perfect control of her pussy muscles, because I could feel them stroking my cock as I pushed in hard, deep as I could get. It didn't take long, and just as I was starting to shoot, I saw Roger grimace, and pound his meat deep into Cindy as he came inside of her. We all laid over, and just stayed that way for a good while.

Without a care in the world any more, somehow we did make it the rest of the way thru our hike, and joined in a few volleyball games, but I think all of our minds were so totally relaxed, we didn't care who won or lost.

I knew there would never be another weekend that could ever top this one. Some might be just as good in other ways, but I could not have asked for more, for what it did for Cindy and I both.

We swapped phone numbers and addresses, and set a date to get together in a couple of weeks with Linda and Roger. The trip home was pretty quiet, as I think Cindy and I both were lost in the bliss of the time we'd just enjoyed.

No, there truly is nothing as good as being naked, out in the country, with other naked people, where everyone's there just to relax and have fun. and enjoy life in a way that only being naked can bring. The vacation atmosphere, the wonderful new friends we made, and the physical pleasures we all shared were amazing, memories of a lifetime. And again I knew, being naked, and sharing nakedness with other people, that it was not about sex at all. It was about intimacy, and about loving other people deeply.