 Our New Naked Adventure - A Welcome Addition

The days and weeks that followed our most memorable trip to Armadillo Resort, where we met our new friends Roger and Linda, were all just sort of an extension of that time. Life was so relaxed, and things between me and Cindy could not have been better. Sex was awesome and often, including the times shared at Roger and Linda's.

One Thursday evening, after a very routine day, Cindy got a call. Turned out it was her best friend from her high school days, Renee. I'd met her and her boyfriend a couple of times at high school class reunions, and we all got along great. Frank, her boyfriend, was really quiet, and didn't get so much into our conversations, but when he did, he always had something funny to say. She and Cindy talked for I know an hour or more, like 2 long lost girlfriends will. Plenty of girlish giggling, too. 

"Renee, I would love to see you again, and let me check with Bill, but I'm sure you're welcome here any time," Cindy said, and holding her hand over the phone asked me what I thought about having Renee come visit for the weekend.

"Hey, sounds like fun to me! She and Frank are always welcome here, ok?"

"Renee, come on up! When do you think you'll get here? Tomorrow evening at 7? That'll be great! I can't wait to see you again!" And with a few more giggles, the call was ended.

"Cool, we didn't really have anything planned for the weekend. So is Frank coming, too?" I asked.

"No, he's in Georgia - one of his great uncles he was close to passed away, so he went for the funeral. Renee couldn't get off work, so it'll be just her this weekend. Seems like forever since I've seen her, much less spent much time with her. You sure you're ok with her coming?"

"Of course I am! I like Renee a lot. She's a lot of fun, not to mention kinda cute..." I said laughing mischievously and grinning at Cindy.

"You better not be looking at her like that, Billy boy!" she fired back at me, but with a wicked smile and twinkling eyes. Made me wonder if there was something running through my sex kitten Cindy's mind, now that she'd found a whole new excitement with sex fun. A man can hope, right?

Cindy hurried home from work Friday, changed out of her nursing scrubs and into comfortable clothes, and went into her whirling dervish routine, cleaning house big-time, making the bed in the extra bedroom, mopping the kitchen floor, and so on. For me, it was a pretty routine day since I work from home. I had straightened up what I could, but of course Cindy always wanted it just so, especially for her girlfriend she hadn't seen in 3 or 4 years.

After showering in record time, Cindy immediately starting throwing together a light dinner. A little after 7pm, there was a knock at the door, Cindy squealed and ran to the door, and all chaos broke loose. It was like two 10 year old girls getting together for a sleepover. They hugged, and jumped, and giggled, and then Renee came running over to me and hugged me tight. She stood on her tippy-toes and kissed me pretty warmly on the cheek. Our eyes locked for an instant, and there was fire in them thar eyeballs! 

"Hi, Bill, really good to see you again, too. I hope we have a ton of fun this weekend, and thank you so much for letting me come visit you guys!" and she turned and walked into the living room. 

A dark-haired brunette with devilishly blue eyes, Renee had stunning facial features, very beautiful. Like most women our age, she'd added a pound or two, but as she went to sit down, I noticed she had a very nice figure. Nice, full breasts, it appeared, and a nice round ass. I wondered if that might be virgin territory for Cindy and me both.

Cindy set out TV tables, brought the homemade sandwiches, chips, and dips out, while I poured everyone a glass of sweet red wine.

"Oooh, I love wine, thank you! But I get tipsy easy, so don't let me get drunk. We rarely drink anything, as Frank is a recovering alcoholic, but I love it, just don't get to cut loose very often, in many ways." Renee looked down, seemingly a little embarrassed at her confession.

"Oh, don't you worry about getting drunk, or anything else this weekend, Renee. Around here, we just have fun and do whatever our crazy imaginations concoct for us. By not cutting loose, do you mean...as in sex?" Cindy asked a little sheepishly.

"Exactly. Frank's apparently getting to an age that he's lost most interest in sex, and it doesn't seem to matter what I do, he just isn't interested. Long story short, I've had sex maybe once or twice in the last 3 years. Wow, I can't believe I am telling you guys all this, and I just got here. I'm sorry. Guess it's just been on my mind for a long time, and I feel comfortable with you two, ever since I walked in. I hope I'm not embarrassing you."

"Renee, you're among friends. Bill told me he really likes you, even thinks you're "kinda cute" as he really did put it. Tell you what, with us, it will always be open and free here, whatever happens or is said here, stays here. Sound good?" Cindy was laying some good friend groundwork.

"Cindy, I love you. That sounds so good to me. It will help maybe, if I can get some of this off my chest. But mostly, I want to catch up with you and your life, and have fun. Like what is the most fun and exciting thing you two have done the last year?"

Cindy smiled, and I just kept my mouth shut and let the girls talk, and enjoyed being part of it.

"You won't believe, knowing me, and how prudish and innocent and naïve I always was when we were kids, but Bill actually talked me into spending a weekend at a nudist resort, and we were naked the whole time we were there."

"Cindy, you did that? Wow! I am kinda amazed. But tell me more!"

"We even made some friends, another couple about our age, and went hiking, had dinner and breakfast together, played some water volleyball, and just had a blast the whole time. At first, it I was a little nervous, but when I looked around and everyone was naked, and there was every body size and shape and color there, I just said what the heck, and we got naked in the cabin and didn't get dressed again until Sunday afternoon to come home."

"So tell me about these friends you met. How was that? What did you do? Did it ever get sexual or anything?"

"Welllllll, we met at the pool, and they were just really easy to talk to. We all just seemed to hit it off real fast. One thing you have to know upfront. These nudist resorts, they're really not about sex. Oh, sure, you see everyone's penis and titties and pussies, but it just isn't about sex. That's what Bill told me, and it's exactly how it turned out there. So we had fun that first day, with the pool volleyball, and hiking. Renee, I have to tell you though," Cindy said, glancing furtively at me, then back to Renee. "Roger is the man of the couple we met, and her name was Linda. Roger's dick caught my eye right off. It was longer than Bill's, and even soft it hung there still long, and I wondered all day long if all of it would really fit in my pussy, or if it was going to be too long." With that, she laughed, then went on "kinda like guys' statements about tits 'more than a mouthful's a waste', well, I wondered if more than would fit in a pussy would be a waste."

Renee was totally engrossed now, and I could see her face warming up. "So how did you look at it without getting caught?"

"Bill's fantastic, he didn't care, and told me to look all I wanted. So I did check out his manhood, a bunch of times. When we hiked, Roger and I walked together, we talked a good bit, and he's a neat guy. We stayed close, so I got to see all his dick I wanted, and it just kept building up inside me, wondering if all of it would fit inside me, and imagining how good that might feel. I was a little surprised, as wet as I got as we walked and talked, that some of my juices didn't run down my leg, but they didn't, thank God."

"So did you ever get to find out if his cock was going to fit? I am still so amazed you went naked all day long, as shy as you were when we were kids, and even into high school. You didn't even own a bikini, much less wear one. Cindy, you've come a long way," Renee said as they both laughed.

By then, Renee had finished her wine and glanced over at me and winked. I noticed Cindy's glass was empty, as was mine, so I hopped up and refilled glasses.

Cindy went on, "Long story short, we had them over to our cabin for dinner. Bill grilled burgers, so we had a great meal, drank a few beers, and after a while, we'd all had plenty to get relaxed, and one thing led to another, next thing I know I had my legs spread and Roger was licking my pussy til I got really wet, and then, yes, I asked him to slide his dick inside me. We took it slow, but it did go in me - every inch of it. Renee, it reached sooo damned deep in my pussy you wouldn't believe. I felt completely full of cock, and every nerve in my pussy went wild with that feeling. We fucked, and he came inside me. And Linda sucked Bill til he was super hard then fucked him, too. So yes, it did get sexual, and damn it was hot sex. But even if it hadn't gotten sexual, it would still have been an awesome day. The hot sex with Roger and Linda, then when Bill and I fucked like rabbits afterward, just kinda topped off the whole day."

"Amazing. I'd always heard about nudist colonies or clubs or whatever you call them, just never thought about actually going. Now I'm not so sure it might not be a fun thing to do." Renee then got quiet, and I could tell she was definitely considering it as a likelihood. My cock was growing some, thinking about getting to see her naked and maybe doing her cunt.

"So do you talk to Roger and Linda now?"

"Yes, we've gotten to be really good friends. They live just 15 miles away on a big secluded ranch, and we go over there a lot. Sometimes we grill and have dinner, sometimes we swim - they have a nice pool. Most of the time, once inside their home, we all get naked and stay that way the whole time. And sometimes, we just go have a few drinks, talk, and have sex."

Cindy was wearing a really pretty silky blouse, and it was thin enough I could see from her stiffened nipples, that all this sex talk was arousing her. Renee must have, too, as I noticed her eyes sneak a peek at Cindy's nipples now and then.

"That sounds awesome. Wow. What a nice thought, friends that you can enjoy, get naked with, and have sex with from time to time. And you're both ok with the sex? I take it you swap partners with them, right?"

Cindy was breathing deeper now. "Yes, we've gotten really close to them, and even that first night I fucked Roger, and Bill fucked Linda. I guess we both should felt a lot of trust with them. Bill and I talk about it all and make sure with each other that we're both ok with things, so it's something we enjoy. And yes, we have swapped partners. Roger likes to do me doggy style best, and Bill and Linda got at it hard and heavy missionary style most of the time. One time, we all got pretty wasted, and were having fun and laughing a lot, and Linda and I 69'd each other's pussies. I had never done that, or even considered it, but it was nice. I think I came in her mouth 5 times, and she was the sweetest creamiest thing I had ever tasted. The guys loved watching, and when we were worn out, they rolled us over, had us on our hands and knees, and buried their meat in our asses. It was fantastic, and I came when Bill came in my ass. Renee, you gotta try some of this sometime, if you think you want to."

By now, I had refilled the wine another couple of times, and Renee was definitely getting a little flushed.

"You really had sex with another woman? And it was good? It actually sounds pretty nice to me, seems like women's bodies are softer. You didn't have any problems sliding your tongue inside her pussy?"

"No, like I said, we were all feeling no pain, and it just came really naturally. She spread her legs wide, one leg on each side of my head, and there was her wide open sweet-smelling pussy, right in my face, so I buried my face in it, and loved it. I love her pussy, too - her inner lips are long and hang outside her inner lips, and I sucked on her inner lips - they were soooo sweet. And I think me sucking on her drove her wild, as Linda just kept having one orgasm after another."

By now, it was already 12:30am, so I piped up "it's getting purdy late, girls, are you getting tired yet?"

I could tell Renee was a little tired, but all this sex talk had awakened something in her. Cindy looked like she could go on for hours.

"I think we're ok for now. Let's stay up a little longer, and then we can hit the sack." Cindy offered.

Renee looked over at Cindy, and in a quiet voice, asked "I would love to go to the nudist resort with you sometime. But Cindy, I have to tell you, not having had sex in 3 years, and all this sex talk, I haven't been this hot in a helluva long time. And hearing how you guys and Roger and Linda have so much fun, would you and Bill consider having a threesome with me? I need to get laid something awful. I just don't want you to mistake it that I might have a thing for Bill. Bill, I love you and all that, but you know what I mean. I think it would be perfect to have sex with my two best friends in the world. And you said anything goes, and it all stays here. My pussy is aching right now to be fucked and fucked hard by a man's cock. I want to be fucked in my pussy 10 times, and in my ass, and I want to suck Bill's cock until he cums in my mouth, too. Am I overstepping things, so soon?"

Cindy leaned over, got on the couch on her knees, scooted over to Renee, and kissed her on the lips. Then she told her "Renee, you're my best friend, and always have been. We're like sisters, so we're all a family. Bill likes you a lot, and I bet if he was honest, he'd tell you he was attracted to you, since I saw him checking out your ass earlier... So no, if you would like, we can get rid of these clothes, and have some fun. Let's do it!"

We all got up at the same time, and I could feel the electricity in the air in the living room. Renee began unbuttoning her blouse. Cindy slipped hers over her head, and unsnapped her bra, letting her beautiful breasts pop free for all to see. Kicking off her shoes, she unbuckled and unsnapped her jeans, sliding them and her panties down, and kicking the small pile to the side. There she was, totally naked, totally beautiful, totally ready. Pert little nipples that she loved to have pinched and pulled when she rode me, Cindy had not yet gotten into shaving her pussy, and it had a manicured full bush covering the lips. Her skin looked so soft, calling my name. Renee was drinking all of Cindy's body in, and I knew there was a strong attraction there.

Renee had gotten her blouse off, and unsnapped her pants after sliding her boots off. Sliding them off, she stood, now in only her bikini panties and bra. My eyes took it all in, and between her and Cindy, it kinda took my breath away, the raw female beauty in front of me.

My clothes came off fast and easy. I hadn't actually put boxers on after showering, so off came the shirt and cargo pants and shoes, and there I was, in all my nude male magnificence. My cock had risen at the thought of having two hot pussies, and was standing ready for action.

Renee turned towards me, saw my hard cock, and came over and knelt, taking me in her mouth and sucking real good. She bobbed her head up and down on me a few times, then pulled back.

"I have not tasted a man's cock in so long, I needed that." She rose, unhooked her bra and threw it on the arm of the couch, and stepped out of her panties. Awesome breasts, about the same size as Cindy's, sagged only a little, and had nice big, thick nipples standing up on them, ready for play. Renee was completely shaved, something which I love, and her delicate inner pussy lips peaked outside her pussy, something else I love.

We all moved closer, and without thinking began touching each other. Cindy caressed Renee's nipples, Renee wrapped her hand around my manhood and began slowly stroking it, and she took my hand and placed it on her bare, smooth pussy. I rubbed softly, and feeling the wetness, let my fingers find her honey hole. She looked like she was about to pass out with the pleasure. Moans came softly from deep inside Renee. She opened her eyes, and looked at Cindy, and told her "Cindy, the thought of making love to a woman's pussy has fascinated me, and I want to taste you, I want to lose myself inside you. Can we?"

Cindy backed up and sat back in the love seat and spread her legs. The bush could not conceal the moisture collecting on Cindy's lips. Renee stepped towards her, went to her knees, and moved in to kiss Cindy's lips passionately. She caressed her nipples as they kissed, and the kiss got more intense. Cindy pinched and kneaded Renee's nipples, and they both got urgent in their moans. Cindy leaned back again, and Renee's mouth went to her bush, covering it with her lips. She began licking and sucking, up and down, back and forth, as Cindy moaned in pleasure.

There in front of me, was an amazing shapely ass, spread and ready. Both holes were looking at me, as if saying "which one are you going to fill first?" I slid my rock hard cock's head between Renee's pussy lips and wetted the head with her juices. I slid in more, into one of the hottest pussy holes I have ever been in. Renee moaned loudly, muffled by Cindy's pussy, which was still being massaged by Renee's tongue. Cindy was moving her hips, arching them to allow Renee to slip her tongue deeper in her hole. At the same time, Renee arched her back, her asshole so appealing, that I pulled my drenched cock out of her cunt, and gently pressed the head against her opening. Pressing gently, then a bit firmer, it slid in slowly, and her ass was on fire, making my dick feel really good. I pulled my cock out of her, and hustled off to the bedroom, grabbing the lube and heading back. I greased up my hard cock, then placed the opening of the tube against her ass and squirted some inside her. When I placed my dick against her hole this time, it slid right on in, and the head sunk out of sight. Slowly, in and out, I pressed my big cock a little deeper each time. Her ass was really tight, probably from lack of being fucked, and she gripped my cock hard, like fingers stroking me. As I pulled out again, I greased us up again liberally, and moved my cock in further and further. It felt so good, the length of my shaft buried inside her hot hole, balls pressed against her legs. Renee backed into me, and my cock was fully engulfed in her tight hole. She raised up and let out a scream of total pleasure "fuck me, Bill, fuck my ass for all you've got! I want you to fuck me and fuck me and fuck me again!" She shoved her ass back into me again, as her face dove into my wife's wet pussy once more. Cindy squealed and shuddered, her whole body shaking as she came hard in Renee's mouth. Renee sucked hard, and I could hear her slurping in Cindy's cunt juices. She sucked her pussy on and on, and Cindy came again and again, seemingly one endless orgasm. Cindy squirts a sweet juice when she cums, and Renee was drinking all she could get.

Cindy melted, as did Renee. But she kept her back arched, and as I shoved in, she shoved back, and my balls slapped her legs. I pulled out and then back in, hard, again and again. It felt like Renee's ass was stroking my cock, and I felt the earthquake rising in my loins... We pounded cock in hole, harder and harder, and my cock exploded like a volcano. Pulsating, shooting and shooting and shooting my cum deep inside her, so full some of it started oozing out around my cock. Spent now, I stayed behind her for a moment, cock in her hole, then we moved in unison backwards, and she laid on her belly on the floor, my still hard manhood remaining in her ass. I laid lightly on her, resting on my elbows, and the skin on skin felt nice. When I looked up, Cindy's pussy was soaked, as was the couch, her eyes closed. 
