 Author's note: this story is fictional, and all characters are fictional. It is done for your sexual pleasure, and to inspire your own imagination, in a healthy way. Comments and feedback are greatly appreciated!

*****

After one hot weekend with Roger and Linda and Renee, all of us more than sexually satiated...and Renee still could not get enough. She'd waked me up during the night, and first she rode my face, and like a soda fountain with the on switch stuck "on", kept filling my mouth with her sweet juices again and again. I was not going to have to worry about being dehydrated, for sure! After 7 or 8 cups of her, she moved down, and rode my cock like a cowgirl out of control. After only a minute or two of my cock in her cunt, she began cumming, one orgasm quickly following the previous one, drenching my cock, my groin, and the bed beneath us. I finally shot my load into her, and she stopped, squeezing her cunt tight around my meat, sucking out every last drop I could give her. She fell off of me, and was asleep beside me in seconds. What a whirlwind she was!

We all just sorta eased into the day. I got up first, and made coffee. Cindy dragged herself into the kitchen in her pj's. Her thin light blue top showed her hard nipples clearly, and I figured she and Renee must have had a little girl fun. About 15 minutes later, Renee came shuffling in, dressed in only pj bottoms, with her big round titties bouncing with every step, her nipples standing out, too. Damn, do I love women!

We did coffee first, then all sat at the table, while Cindy made scrambled eggs and bacon and biscuits. I just sat back and admired her perfectly awesome ass, beneath that wonderfully thin, revealing material. It was full and round, and jiggled as she motored around the kitchen. Breakfast was delicious. We all cleared our plates, then stacked them in the dishwasher, and sleepily made our way into the living room and plopped down on the big soft couch. I sat down at one end, while Cindy laid almost sideways, resting her head on my chest. Renee, with her awesome breasts, climbed over the arm of the couch, took Cindy's pajama bottoms in her hands, and slid them off, pitching them into the floor. Renee's face headed straight for Cindy's snatch, leaving a Suzy of hot kisses all the way there.

"Ooooooooohhhhh," Cindy moaned, as Renee's expert tongue began flicking into Cindy's hole. Cindy spread her legs wide as they would go, laying her leg over the back of the couch, to give Renee full access to anything she might want. It only took a little tongue-massaging, then some clit sucking, and Cindy's body began convulsing into one huge orgasm. "Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh" as all she could get out as Renee kept licking and sucking the nectars squirting out of Cindy's pussy.

I couldn't take it any longer. I got up, quickly slipped out of my pj's, and walked around behind Renee, who was still locked on my wife's pussy, with her ass fully exposed on the arm of the couch. My cock was raging hard as I gently pressed the head onto her dripping wet honey hole, letting the juices lubricate my straining cock's head. Moving up the inch or two, I slowly slid my now engorged meat into her warm ass, and buried it all the way to the balls.

"YYyyyyyeeeessss!" screamed Renee. "Fuck my hard Billy, fuck my ass hard. Pound me good baby."

I did just that. Pile-drove her asshole probably harder than I have ever fucked anything in my life. Her ass was really warm, and she knew how to squeeze my cock tight. Didn't take me but a few minutes of pounding before I shot a huge load in her hole. We all then just kinda melted onto the couch, one twisted hot tangle of flesh.

The girls actually fell asleep for another hour, which made me smile. We'd pretty much worn their pussies out and apparently zapped their energy. When they did come to, we talked some, and Renee asked me "So would you mind terribly if I stole Cindy, and we did a girl's getaway sometime? Next week's Memorial Day, and I bet we could all get one extra day off. I have these two twin cousins that I really think are already into girl sex, and I think they've been sucking each other's pussies since they were teenagers, and I'd like to see if they would join Cindy and me. We can also get Linda to go, and it'll give me a great chance to get to know Linda better. Maybe later that night, we can get you guys to join us, and have a really fun time with all 7 of us naked and fucking. Would that be ok?" Cindy's eyes looked pleadingly at me.

I laughed, picturing the hot visual of 4 or 5 women kissing, caressing, and going at each other's bodies. "Shoot no, I surely would not mind. I think it would be a blast for you girls, so go for it!"

From there, they were wide awake, planning every detail. Cindy called Linda to invite her, and she and Roger were perfectly fine with it. So the trip was on. They'd leave the next Friday, and return Tuesday night. Renee returned home, and apparently got hubby's instant approval of the girl getaway. The rest of the week was a flurry of phone calls, and I kinda faded into the background to let them get things planned.

That week, I had a light work load, and was able to come home early most days around 2. It was spring, the grass had started turning green, and the trees and flowers were beginning to bloom out. We'd gotten 2 or 3 small showers early in the week, and by Thursday, the grass was in overdrive.

Thursday, I got home around 1:30, and changed into my play clothes - old faded jeans with big holes, and one of my favorite old t-shirts. I pulled the mower out of the garage and gassed it up. Just before I started it, my neighbor, a petite little woman named Suzy, came over. She was smiling, and said "hey, neighbor, looks like it's that time of year again, doesn't it? I can't believe how fast the grass has already grown, can you?"

"No, seems like it just started turning green Sunday, and its already needing mowing in spots. But I really love this time of year when everything's turning green, flowers start blooming, and the temps get warmer. So how are you and Joe doing?" I asked her.

She got this faraway look in her eye, then looked deeply into mine. "We're doing ok, I guess. Hasn't been too much in the way of fun things going on lately. But I'm ok."

"What do you think the problem is?" I asked her. She looked away, and would almost swear I saw a tear come to her eye. I glanced down, and noticed more of her body. Nice breasts, not oversized at all, perfect proportion to her probably 110-lb frame. Her really short shorts let me admire her shapely, soft-looking legs, and her tiny feet. I felt something stir inside as I awaited her reply.

"Joe's been stressed a lot lately. He's had some pretty bad back pain from an old injury that has flared up, and just hasn't been able to do everything he wants. You know how he was always outside, working in the yard or in the garden. He hates being unable to just go and do. Sometimes he seems to take it out on me, or so it feels like. He can get pretty demanding, and maybe it's the one area he feels he can still be a whole man or something, and I know I shouldn't be talking to you about it, but he demands sex from me almost every night. Sometimes more than once, or even twice. He expects me to just strip and let him do anything he wants to me, whenever he wants it, and my enjoyment isn't required."

"I'm real sorry to hear that, Suzy, I really am. I know it's got to be hard on him, being limited to what he can do when he's always been the work, work, work, go, go, go kinda guy. I am even sorrier to hear that you're taking the brunt of his frustration. Is it ever more than you can take?"

"Sometimes, it's a lot more than my body wants. And Bill, he's not nice when he gets in one of those. I can usually tell when he's getting there, and I've started drinking to take my mind off of what's coming. Drinking to the point of being drunk, so I don't feel the pain."

"Suzy, I hope you know, you can always come talk to me, or Cindy, either one of us, ok? I know sometimes it helps just to be able to talk it out, get if off your chest so to speak. Doesn't matter what time of the day or night, you're always welcome. So I hope you'll come over. I know I'd like to get to know you better, and have always enjoyed talking to you." I noted the look of hope that lit her eyes up as she smiled and looked up at me.

"Bill, I really appreciate your offer. And I will take you up on it. I don't really have anyone I can talk to, and you've always been the gentleman and a good listener when we've talked in the past. I have always admired you, from a distance, of course." She had a pretty smile, very warm, the kind that almost disarms a man's defenses. I wasn't sure I wanted my defenses up. With all the amazing changes that had taken place in my life lately, I could see Suzy somehow becoming a part of that. But that was way down the road, if ever.

She looked down at her feet for a second, and when she looked up, the look on her face could almost melt me. "The real reason I came over was to ask if maybe sometimes, if you could help us out with our yard. Joe can ride the riding mower, but I know the weed-eating and edging and hedge-trimming and stuff will be too hard on him. Last year, he would not let anyone help him, and spent a lot of days off work with his back acting up. We can't really afford for him to miss much, so I asked him if maybe I could ask you for some help. After arguing for hours, he finally agreed. We'll pay you, too, we don't expect you to work for us for free. You let me know what you'd need, and we'll take care of it."

"Suzy, with everything you guys have given us from your garden, and Joe's mowed my yard while I was at work a few times in the past, I'd rather just call it friends helping friends. There's no need for any money to be involved."

With tears now very visible in her eyes, she stepped towards me, and said "I can't thank you enough, Bill," as she wrapped her arms around my waist and hugged me tightly. I could feel her tiny body pressed up next to me, and returned the hug. It just felt right, impossible to explain, it just felt right, and good. As we released, she stood on her tippy toes, and kissed my cheek. "Thank you, again. Somehow, I knew you would be here when I needed you."

That took me back a little, like there was more attached to her thank you than just the words. But I didn't mind. I'd always liked Suzy, guess I'd just never thought of anything more than just neighbors. If indeed there was or would be. My gut told me there would.

So I hit all the high spots on our yard, and did what little weed-eating was actually needed, and put the stuff up again. I already planned on hitting Suzy & Joe's yard the next afternoon.

When I got inside, Cindy came and gave me a big kiss, then turned and headed to the bedroom.

"I am soooo excited about the girls' getaway. You are so wonderful for letting me go, you're a good sport. I will tell you all the tales when I get back. But I gotta get packed up - we're now planning on leaving by noon, and I sure don't want to hold anyone up." Her busy-bee mode kicked in, and clothes flew out of the closet and somehow landed in her suitcase, all neatly folded. I got the message real clear that my help was not needed at the moment, so I snuck off to the kitchen, grabbed a beer, and headed to the living room and turned on the TV. I must have fallen asleep, because when Cindy came and woke me up, she said "get up, sleepyhead, Renee's here, so say hi!"

"Oh, hi, Renee, nice to see you again" She ran into my arms, and I got the biggest boob-cushioned bear hug I had ever had.

"Hello, Bill, you little super stud you. We're gonna have so much fun, I just know we will. And I owe it to you and Cindy being so open with me, and being so willing to introduce me to your friends. I still dream of that whole week with you guys, the fun we had here, and the awesomely hot night at Roger & Linda's. I can't imagine what all of us crazy girls will come up with, but I don't have a doubt we're gonna be wild and crazy! And...if I have anything to say about it, you WILL get a parting gift tonight, so you won't forget any of us this long weekend." Renee, if anything, had gotten more aggressive and open, and to see the way her face radiated with the excitement made me smile. Aaah, to be a fly on the wall of their hotel room the next few nights!

Cindy called from the kitchen "y'all come on, we're just having sandwiches tonight, so come fix yours. The stuff's all out on the counter."

We made short order of making overstuffed sub sandwiches, and were back in the living room chowing down in minutes. Me, in my recliner, and the 2 girls on the love seat. We ate, talked, laughed, and after a couple of sitcoms, Cindy gathered up our plates and Renee took the glasses back to the kitchen to clean up. In a moment, a deep, sultry voice came wandering down the hallway "Bill, you will need to remove every stitch of clothes you have on, because the hottest 2 babes you know are coming your way."

Took me just seconds, and with the imagination running in high now, my man tool began to rise in anticipation, as I sat back down.

The lights went dim, and there came two lovely ladies, coming my way, nothing on anywhere. In the dim light, I could see some shapely tits, and some killer curves. Kneeling in front of me, turning the TV off, Renee took my cock, and gently started stroking underneath the head with her tongue. She moved to one side, and Cindy leaned over, slid me down in the chair so my cock would be closer to them, and took my balls first in her soft, petite fingers, then in her warm moist mouth. I almost shot my load then, it felt so good, two hot mouths on me at one time, sucking, licking, sucking, and stroking. I felt like I was floating in outer space, eyes closed, my mind in the clouds. I exploded like a rocket blasting off, filling the mouth wrapped around me with cum, and just kept shooting and shooting.

Giggling, the girls released my cock and balls from their mouths, and Cindy slid her tongue in Renee's mouth, sucking out her share of my cream. I just smiled at their pleasure.

"Now, Mr. Bill, you just better remember the best blow job you have ever had by the 2 of us, and know there's more to come, we promise." Renee smiled that wicked smile of hers, and I knew she'd be the one to follow thru.

From there, we moseyed up the steps to our bedroom, and naked, we all climbed in and crashed. In the morning, I awakened to muffled voices and giggles coming from downstairs. The girls were up and checking their packing list for their girly weekend trip. I climbed out of bed, put on my pj bottoms, and eased on downstairs. To say they were keyed up would be grossly understated.

"Hi, honey! We're just making sure we have everything for our trip. Would you mind just having cereal for breakfast today?" Cindy asked, her eyes sparkling, filled with excitement.

"That's no problem at all. You guys go ahead with what you're doing. When you're ready to load up, give me q holler and I will help you carry it all out."

Just then, a horn sounded in the drive. "Good! That must be Linda. I'm going to go see if she needs any help unloading," Cindy said, and was out the garage door instantly. I followed her, and when Roger got out, we shook hands and said our howdies. Funny, he had a funny smile on his face.

"Can you believe how much hot pussy is going to be in action in their hotel rooms at night? Hope there's enough fire extinguishers, because with that much heat, flames could break out," Roger whispered, and we both had a good laugh.

We moved Linda's stuff in the back of Cindy's car, and Roger and I went in and started crating out Cindy's and Renee's stuff. There was not much room left when that was done.

With that, Cindy kissed me and said "Bill, I love you so much for letting me go on this trip. I'm sure there will be plenty of stories to tell when we get back."

Renee came over then and hugged me close, then looked in my face, and kissed me passionately, sliding her tongue around my mouth. "You're the hottest man I know, Bill, and so good for letting Cindy go. We're going to have one non-stop good time, I know."

Linda and Roger said their goodbyes, and Roger headed out to his job. I had taken the day off, and was looking forward to getting outside in the sun working on my yard and Joe & Suzy's yard, and maybe enjoying some quiet time with a brew or two in the back yard. Little did I know...

After the girls were all packed in the car and left, I walked inside, dropping my pj's on the kitchen table. I loved going naked, and did just that as much as I could. We'd even had an 8-foot privacy fence put in around our back yard, and I loved it already. Our house and Joe & Suzy's houses were the only 2-story homes in the surrounding area, and I didn't recall ever seeing anyone in the upstairs at Joe & Suzy's. In my mind, the back yard was going to be my own nudist resort, where Cindy and I, and anyone else who wanted to join us, could work on our tans and get rid of any tan lines. I grabbed a cup of coffee, and headed out back, setting up a lounge chair, and stretching out. Even in the relatively early morning, the sun felt great on my bare skin. All the new greenery springing out smelled awesome, and birds singing filled the air. My cock also seemed to be enjoying its freedom, and stood about half mast absorbing the sun's warmth. Drinking a little of my coffee, I set it down and laid my head back, and dozed a bit. When I woke, I had no idea how long I had been outside. My body was warm, but didn't feel burned. Starting to sit up, a motion caught my eye - the white curtain in Joe & Suzy's upstairs window, the only one that faced our house, had just moved. I wondered if someone there had been getting an eyeful, which was sort of an exciting thought. I went inside to swap the coffee for something colder, and filled a big cup with iced tea. For some reason, I absent-mindedly pulled on my pj bottoms. About to head back outside, a knock came from the garage door. I opened it, and there stood Suzy, looking really cute in a thin white cotton top and her tiny short shorts and sandals. Boy was I glad I had dressed, I thought, laughing to myself.

"I'm sorry to bother you, Bill, I know you probably have plenty to do today, but the hot water doesn't seem to come on, and I don't know anything about fixing it. Joe left yesterday for a week-long training seminar and won't be back until next Friday, so I was hoping maybe you could come see if you can find what's wrong with it. It was working just fine until last night when I tried to run bath water. For some reason, a cold bath didn't sound too inviting."

"Hey, no problem, Suzy, I'd be glad to come see if I can figure it out. If you need to take a shower or anything, you're very welcome to use ours any time," I told her, and I can't say images didn't pop into my male mind.

"Are you sure? I don't want to put you guys out or anything," Suzy offered.

"No, no, you're welcome to. Cindy's gone for a few days, and I'll leave the garage door open, so when you get ready to shower, if I don't answer the door, just come on in. There's a shower just around the corner from the kitchen, and you can make yourself at home." Wow, she was going to take me up on it. That was cool. It made me feel good that I could help a neighbor and friend. And maybe get to know her a little better, too. She seemed like a fun-loving type of person.

"Ok, I'll go get my shampoo and stuff and be back in a few minutes then. Thank you, Bill, so much,"

Closing the door, I lost my pj's again and laid them on a dining table chair, but did grab a towel from the bathroom, for some show of modesty. Outside again, feeling the now warmer rays radiating thru my body as I stretched out on the lounge chair. Boy, this feels so damned good. Knowing Suzy might show up at any time, I folded the towel in half and laid it over my midsection. Totally relaxed, I just got lost in the sounds and smells and feel of the great outdoors.
