 Author's note: this story is fictional, and all characters are fictional and over 18. It is done for your sexual pleasure, and to inspire your own imagination, in a healthy way. This will be an ongoing series, hope you enjoy, and look forward to your feedback and comments.

*****

My cock never got less than semi-erect the entire day, and I sure wasn't going to complain. The three of us hit it off like crazy, and were totally comfortable with all the sexually pleasurable acts we did. There was never any jealousy, as I watched for just in case Cindy got her feelings hurt or read something in that wasn't really there. I did everything I could to make sure she felt and knew that. Yes, Renee was hot as hell, and being sexually deprived these last few years, her appetites were voracious. Sometimes I wondered if my dick was going to be able to get hard again. But between these two nymphs, there was never a doubt! When I needed a rest, I'd look over and there were Renee and Cindy, feasting on each other's cunts that always seemed to be wet and overflowing. I'd swear they needed to drink a ton of fluids, just to keep up with the flow of juices from their pussies. I was hot as hell, watching them 69, then sucking titties, and even rimming asses a time or two.

Needless to say, this Saturday no one made it to the nudist resort. We never made it outdoors. Couldn't tell you if it was a sunny warm day, or overcast and snowing, as our attention was totally absorbed in each other. The only break we took was to throw together some sandwiches and glasses of wine. It was funny, though, as no sooner had the girls eaten, than both of them laid back, Cindy on the couch and Renee on the recliner, and were out like lights. The depth of their feminine snoring assured me they'd be out for a bit.

Around three p.m., my phone rang, and it was Roger.

"Hey, guy, hadn't heard from you guys in a couple of weeks, and Linda and I were wondering if y'all would like to get together, maybe grill some steaks, swim some, and just chill out some. Whatcha think?" Roger's voice sounded excited and ready for some fun. I toyed with the idea, then responded.

"Sure sounds good to me. We've had a guest over, a friend of Cindy's from high school. Got here last night, and going to be with us for the weekend. If it'd be ok to bring her, too, I will surely check with the girls, see how they feel, and get back to you shortly. Right now, they're both conked out in the living room. I guess girly catching up is pretty strenuous," I said, laughing.

"That would be terrific, Bill, the more the merrier. Have you guys told her about being nudists and all?"

"Oh, yeah, seemed like that came up fast when Renee got here last night, and while she's never done anything like that, she was all ears, and all in last night and today. Since maybe an hour after she got here, none of us has had a stitch of clothing on, and you could say we've done a good job at getting to know each other, if you know what I mean. And Roger, this woman is hot! Damned nice looking, and can't get enough fucking and sucking and playing. When they wake up, I'll bounce this off them, and holler back at ya. I'm sure they'll be all for it, though."

"Wow, sounds like an eager beaver, in more ways than one. I can see a hotter night than even Linda and I imagined, and it's always fun to add someone new."

"Ok, I'll talk to you in a few then. Sounds like a fun time this evening. Later, Rog."

Well, the girls slept hard and good. Around 4, they both started stirring a little, and eyes slowly opened as they stretched, those outta this world breasts looking more awesome and inviting than ever in full stretch, big soft mounds with the perky nipples on top.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm...hi," Cindy groaned out as she looked over at me. "How long did I sleep?"

"Oh, maybe an hour or so is all. I think you and Renee were both worn out. She's just now waking up, too." Looking over at her, she looked like she was still mostly asleep, but her hand had found its way down to her pussy, and was softly rubbing it. I could hear moans coming so softly.

"Oh, I'm awake now, too. Don't wanna be, but I am," moaned Renee in a sleepy tone of voice.

"You girls want to go shower to help you wake up some?" I asked.

"Yeah, that sounds great. Renee, you want to shower with me? I'd love to soap you up real good."

"Hell, yeah, hottie, let's go! I'm loving all the touching and playing, and my body is, too. Let's go!" And Renee was up and waiting on Cindy. I just sat there and watched two of the finest and hottest asses I'd seen in a long time bounce down the hall towards our bedroom. Seconds later and I could hear the shower running. So with nothing else to do, I moseyed on into the bathroom, and peeked in the shower. Renee was in front toward the shower head with the water running down her front, and was leaning back against Cindy, with her eyes mostly closed. She was moaning softly. My eyes moved downward, and found her reason for moaning. Cindy's arm was around her, and fingers were gently caressing Renee's right pussy lips, rubbing it round and round. Renee seemed to be totally lost in pleasure. I could see all of Cindy's fingers, pressed against Renee's bare pussy. Then a finger slid down further, curled, and disappeared inside Renee's cunt. Renee squealed a little, uttering "mmm, Cindy, that feels so good in my pussy. Rub me, honey, rub my pussy. It is sooo good..." Eyes still closed, bodies pressed against each other, the warm water only adding to the heat from their bodies.

By now, I was stroking my raging cock. This was the most beautiful, sensuous sight I had ever seen. I thought about grabbing the camera or video, but decided this would be etched in my memory forever, and didn't want to break the flow of things.

Cindy's fingers began rubbing, in and out of her slit and inside her pussy. Renee put one leg on the side of the tub, and Cindy added another of her long petite fingers in her cunt, and moaned a little louder now.

"I love you fingering my hole, Cindy, I love you making love to me in every way. You make me feel so fucking good," Renee softly whispered to Cindy. Cindy began moving her two fingers, then three, in and out of her hole a little faster, and Renee began uttering quick sharp whimpers. Cindy picked up the pace even more, and "Ooooooooooh, God, ohhhhhh God, I'm cummmmmming. Fuck me Cindy, fuck me with those fingers! Oooooooooohhhhh, God!..."

Cindy held onto Renee, eyes still closed, until she regained her strength and stood up on her own. Noticing me watching now, "I hope you enjoyed that as much as I did, Bill. Your wife is one helluva finger fucker." I just smiled, but didn't move.

They took turns then, soaping each other's bodies up with lather, turning the water so it hit the shower wall. Cindy, still behind Renee, was running her hands up and down Renee's big soft boobs, and Renee turned her head, and they were lost in a passionate kiss, tongues dancing in lips. Renee's nipples were hard as little marbles as they kissed.

Parting mouths, Renee looked at Cindy, "let's finish washing each other, and go to bed, I want to kiss you over every inch of your body, and I want to taste you, drink your creamy juices. I want to girl fuck you all over."

Cindy soaped and rinsed Renee's body, rubbing her pussy more just for fun. Then they switched, and Renee repeated all that Cindy had done for her. She was almost finished soaping Cindy up, with Cindy facing away, when she moved her hand down to Cindy's cute wet ass. She slid one finger to Cindy's little puckered hole, and rubbed. Cindy immediately bent over some, exposing her ass more to Renee's probing finger. Renee slipped the wet, soapy finger inside Cindy's ass, and fucked her ass with her finger. 

"Oh, my God, Renee, fuck my tight ass. Fuck that feels so damned good! Fuck my ass good honey."

Renee had her finger plunging in Cindy's hole as far as it would go, and started pounding her anus faster and harder with her hand and finger. Cindy reached down, and fingered her own clit, and "Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhh, fuuuuuuuckkkkkkkkk," was all she could get out as her whole body shook in one long orgasm. Renee kept her finger buried, and Cindy kept shaking. Seemed like 5 minutes, before Renee slid her finger out, and Cindy stood up. She turned around, still soapy, breast to breast, and kissed Renee passionately, both wrapping arms around each other. Renee raised one leg, wrapping it around Cindy's leg and pulled her closer as they kissed. They began rubbing pussies, both moaning now and pressing harder into each other's bodies, pussy mounds grinding.

I eased on out, and went back in the living room to see what football games were on, not that I was all that interested, but to give the girls some time alone. Eventually, they did come back down the hall, both looking totally refreshed, and totally revitalized.

"So what's next on the agenda for this weekend? " Cindy asked, with a big, sexually-satisfied smile on her face. She was fucking hot just to look at, with her perfect titties, and her manicured little triangle of pussy hair between long tanned legs.

"Well, Roger called while y'all were sleeping, and invited us over. Said definitely bring Renee, if you guys want to go. Talked about grilling steaks, swimming, and just chillin' out in their back yard. You guys up for that?"

"Renee, you've gotta come! Roger and Linda are soooo cool. They have a beautiful ranch out in the country, acres and acres, and secluded. So going au naturale is always cool there. You'll love Linda, she's pretty dadgummed hot, too. And...,.you'll get to see that big dick I told you about that I wondered if all of it would fit in my pussy or not, remember? Whatcha say?"

"Awesome! Sounds great to me, like it'll be a lotta fun! Let's do it."

So I picked up my phone and dialed Roger's number. "Hey, just talked to the girls, and they're excited about coming to see you guys. What time you want us there?"

I could tell Roger was pumped. "Whenever you get here is fine with me. Plenty to do here, with the pool, horse shoes, or even horseback riding. So come on any time!"

"Will do. We'll see you two in a few!" and hung up.

Cindy and Renee couldn't wait. "Oh, I can't wait to meet your friends. Only bummer is having to put clothes on til we get there," and Renee started laughing.

The drive over was nice. Country roads, and I did discover it was a beautiful day out. Temps only in mid-80's, a little breeze, plenty of sunshine. The girls chattered non-stop the whole way, and I just smiled quietly as I drove.

"Wow, this is nice! I love that iron gate, and the limestone entry way," Renee said excitedly, as we pulled into Roger and Linda's property. We'd gotten a good bit of late-season rain, and the trees and grasses were all a deep, luscious green. We made our way on the winding rock and packed gravel driveway, and when we pulled up in front of the garage, Roger and Linda both came out, in all their stunning natural grace.

"I see what you mean, Cindy, if that's Roger, he does have a long dick."

"Wait til you feel it way up deep inside your hot little pussy, honey, just wait."

"I will tell you a secret, Cindy, " Renee said softly, as if to keep me from overhearing, I played like I was not paying attention, but heard her say "I have always had a personal fantasy of being fucked by two guys at once, and I think the two cocks we have here...well, you won't get better meat than this." We all bailed out of the car, and went straight over to Roger and Linda for hugs and welcomes.

"Howdy, guys! Welcome to our place, Renee, we hope you'll feel completely at home here. As you can see, clothing is always optional, so it's just however you feel comfortable is fine with us." We all hugged, then headed inside.

Cindy motioned to Renee "if you want to change, or get naked, go in that front room right there, and just leave your purse and stuff there." Renee went right in, and started shedding shoes, pants, and blouse, not having to worry about panties and bra since she hadn't put any on. Cindy followed her, and dropped her clothes, too, which she gently folded and left on the arm of the chair. Not to be outdone, I followed the girls, and shucked my jeans and pulled my t-shirt over my head, and there we were, all decked out, in naked grandeur. My cock was already at half-mast and rising in readiness.

Roger saw us all get naked, and just smiled. "Ok, now that is everyone is dressed how they want, y'all come on in here, and grab a beer. Linda's been sunning out by the pool, but y'all can do whatever you'd like."

All three women did just that, grabbed a cold Coors Light and headed out the door. Pulling their three lounge chairs next to each other, Linda grabbed the suntan lotion and filled her hand.

"Ok, who wants this first? Gotta wear some of this, as the sun's still plenty hot."

"Oh, do me, Linda," Renee spoke up. Yep, she was already cookin' hot down in her oven, I'd bet. Linda spread the white cream over her back and ass, then when she turned around, spent extra time massaging Renee's nice full breasts, and playing with the nipples some. Smoothing the cream over her tits, and down her tummy, she said "I love your sweet-looking pussy. I like it when a woman takes care of herself, and either shaves it bare, or at least manicures it. It shows me she loves her pussy, and I like that." She rubbed some cream over her mound, rubbing it more than really necessary. Then down her long legs, and it was Cindy's turn to be covered in the lotion. They rubbed each other down, taking turns squirting the cream in their hands, then applying it so sensuously to each other's bodies. As they caressed each other's breasts, they kissed. Not long, but damned hot. I still loved Linda's tiny titties with the nice-sized nipples. Renee was eating this up, I could tell from the look in her eyes. They all three laid down on their chairs, and did their girl talk routine. I relaxed even more, knowing now this was going to be a fun evening, with 3 of our best friends in the whole world.

While the girls sunned their beautiful naked bodies, Roger and I got the steaks that he'd already marinated ready and hauled them out to the grill at the edge of the pool patio. The charcoals were already turning gray, so the fire was ready, and the smell of delicious charcoal-grilled mesquite wood steaks cooking filled the air that surrounded us all. Roger shut the lid, and we enjoyed the view and the ice cold brews. 

"Damn, have we died and gone to heaven?" I asked, my gaze focused on the women. "Where else could you go buck naked, cook up some steaks and drink a few brews, and enjoy a view like that?"

Roger agreed wholeheartedly, just shaking his head as he stared at the naked female bodies in front of us.

"So tell me about Renee," he said softly, so as to not let the girls hear. "What's she like, and how much do you think she'll be comfortable doing with us tonight?"

"Roger, she's one of the most fun women I have ever met. I have liked her since the first time we met at one of Cindy's class reunions. And when she got to the house Friday night, it didn't take long until things went sexual. She and her boyfriend haven't had sex but I think 2 or 3 times in the last few years. She says he's losing interest, it seems, but she's still horny and wants to be active. Long story short, though, we all got naked Friday night, and only put clothes back on to drive here. She and Cindy ate pussies. She let me fuck her ass while she was eating Cindy's hole. She and Cindy had one helluva hot shower together. So, I think she's pretty much game for anything and everything. We can do what we normally do, and if she wants to join in, knowing her, she isn't bashful at all."

"That's great to hear. We were hoping to have some fun with you and Cindy tonight, and hoped this wouldn't put any damper on it. But it doesn't sound like it will, and I'm glad. I hope she feels comfortable with all of us. I know this has to be a lot to take in, for someone who's never done the nudist thing or the sharing thing."

"You're right, it is a lot, but boy, she's been eating it all up as fast as she can get it. I was worried my dick might not be able to give her all she wanted. At least now, I have reinforcements," I laughed and punched Roger's shoulder.

"She is an attractive woman, for sure. She and Linda seem to be hitting it off well. I hope I do get to do her tonight, I think she'd be hot. Love the shaved pussy, just makes me want to suck her cunt, you know? And a nice ass, too."

"Yeah, I agree. I think we'll all get all we want tonight. 3 hot women, for sure, and 2 hard cocks," I said, as I reached over and gave his growing meat a few tugs. He smiled, and reached over and jacked on mine a little, too, and we both got hard.

"Hey, you guys are supposed to be paying attention to the meat on the grill, not that man meat between your legs," Linda called over to us. We just smiled, and busied ourselves with the steaks again. I could hear her telling Renee "we sure don't want them wasting those sausages on each other, now do we girls?" Giggling ensued.

"Hey, hon, can you go grab me the plate in the kitchen to put the steaks on? And that package of sausage I'm supposed to cook?"

"Sure, honey, I'll get it."

"And I'll go help you, Linda," Renee said as she hopped up and followed Linda in the house. 

In a second, they both came out, and Roger began unloading the cooked meat onto the large serving plate. Then Linda headed back in the house with the meat. 

"I'll get the fixin's all ready so we can eat while the steaks are still hot" Linda offered as she left. Renee stood by Roger with the sausages, and opened it for him. As he was taking them and laying them on the hot grill one at a time, I heard Renee tell Roger "I really wish I could have some of your sausage, too. One nice package you have there Roger." Both were facing the grill, and I stood back some, still taking all the naked femininity in. Renee moved her hand to Roger's crotch, and wrapped her hand around it. Roger kind of coughed, and stammered, taken a little by surprise at Renee's aggressive move.

"Glad you like my cock, Renee. You can have as much of it as you want, babe, after we eat and playtime starts."

Her fingers still around his dick, she started stroking it a little.

Looking Roger straight in the eyes, Renee told him "I asked Linda, to make sure it was ok, as I didn't want to overstep anything with you guys, but she told me, around here, let's all just have whatever fun we want to. No one needs to get their feelings hurt or anything, as we all know who we're going home with." And with that, she was on her knees in front of him, and his now erect manhood began disappearing in her hot mouth. Roger gasped, and leaned back a little. Renee cupped his balls, and took more of his meat in. I moved behind Roger, to make sure he didn't fall over from the unexpected gratuity being administered to his penis. Renee sucked, looking up into his eyes, sucking more and more of it into her mouth, until she had the whole 7" in. Roger's eyes were closed tight, and his body seemed totally focused on his penis as Renee started bobbing up and down on it and massaging his balls at the same time. One minute later, and Roger uttered "aaaaaaaggghhhhhhhh," and put his hand behind her head. Not that she was going anywhere, as she was sucking and swallowing his cum like she'd been in the desert for a year. They stayed welded to each other, his cock buried in her mouth and throat, her lips locked onto him, for another minute or so. He pulled out of her mouth, slowly, and told her "that was awesome, thanks for that, Renee."

She looked up at him with sparkling mischievous eyes, and replied "my pleasure, Roger, all my pleasure," as she rose, and strutted her cute little ass back over and laid down again next to Cindy.
