 Beth Wilson arrived home late. It was 1:30 AM, and she was beat. She thought to herself, I'd better check on Nancy to make sure she's OK. Beth peeked in Nancy's room and stood in the doorway dumfounded. She saw Nancy, another young woman, and a grown man all sleeping together! Obviously, none of them had heard her come in. 

Looking closer, she saw her daughter and her best friend, Louise, sleeping in her big bed. But she didn't know the man between the two girls. All three were naked, their limbs intertwined, and sound asleep. From between the splayed legs of the girls, Beth noticed a glistening, like fresh cum, leaking from their pussies.

The man's stomach and hips were also wet. His soft cock pointed from his hairy groin to his belly button. Automatically, Beth calculated that it appeared to be about six inches deflated, but it was thick and the head was purple and fat. His balls hung down inside his hairy sack. She thought, For a soft cock, that's a big one! 

Beth was just 17 when she had Nancy, and Nancy was now 18. She looks so much like I did at her age! Both girls were thin with beautiful faces and tight young bodies. Beth's tits were larger than Nancy's, but not as large as Louise's. Even lying down, Louise's tits poked up, seemingly defying gravity. God, to have young tits again! thought Beth. Wait a minute...That's my DAUGHTER with that man! 

Beth came to her senses and yelled, "What the fuck are you doing in here? Nancy, what the hell is going on? What have you done? Get up, all of you! Who is this man?" The two girls sat up quickly as Beth ranted from the doorway. 

The man also raised his head as he saw the woman in the room. He thought, Oh shit! That must be her mother! Louise knew immediately that they were in trouble. Nancy was blushing with embarrassment. Trying to cover herself, she found few sheets available. 

Beth spoke again saying, "Nancy, what's going on? Who the hell are you, mister? And what the fuck are you doing to these young girls, you SOB? I'm calling the cops!" She reached for the phone, but both girls jumped off the bed and stopped her. The three of them backed out of the room, into the hallway. Nancy and Louise were still naked. The man started dressing as he wondered, How in the hell am I going to get out of this? Where are my pants? Oh, there. He slipped them on as Louise came back in.

"You better come to the living room! Nancy's mom is really pissed, and we're all in trouble!" Louise grabbed his hand and together they entered the room where Nancy sat draped in a blanket and Beth eyed them all suspiciously. That man is still only half dressed. No socks, shoes or shirt. I've got to get to the bottom of this! Beth looked him up and down and ordered him, "Sit your ass down, mister. You've got some explaining to do! Right now!! You sit too, Louise! What's your name, mister?" 

He hesitated a minute, but sat and said, "It's Johnson! Bob Johnson." He held his hand out to her, but she didn't take it. 

Beth said, "I'm Beth Wilson. This young lady is my daughter. You have a lot to explain to me! Why is a grown man in bed with my daughter? She's young enough to be YOUR daughter. Not to mention her best friend, who is also too young! What is going on? I want the truth and I want all of it! You all have one chance to tell me or I'm calling the police and pressing charges!" 

No one spoke for a long time. Finally, Beth yelled again. "I said, What the fuck is going on here, Mr. Johnson? Louise? Nancy? None of you have anything to say? OK! Then I'm calling the cops!" 

Louise said, "Wait, Mrs. Wilson. Don't! Please! It's my entire fault! Oh god, Mrs. Wilson, please, let's talk about this! Please! My mom will send me away if she finds out! It's really all my fault! You see, Bob and I have been together for a while now. And, you see... Well, he's... he's very good. Very, VERY good in the... Oh shit. Good in bed! Oh god! Bob is very good in bed and I tricked him into having sex with Nancy and me! It's my fault! All my fault!" 

Nancy spoke up and said, "He is, Mom! He's unbelievably good! He fantastic! It's not Louise's fault! I just had to see for myself how good he really was! God, Mom! He was so good and he's so big!" 

Beth stared at Bob, and he felt the blood running up the back of his neck and blushed. Beth said, "What? What are you talking about Nancy?" She thought, Why are both of these girls taking the blame for this situation! Unbelievable! They are admitting the absolute truth about their sexual meeting! 

Beth looked from one girl to the other. She asked, "Nancy, just how many men have you been with? How do you know he's so good unless you have had a lot of men! Oh god, girl! What have you done to your reputation? How many guys have you slept with? How many times have you done it?" 

Nancy was now the one getting red! Louise jumped in to help her best friend by saying, "No, Mrs. Wilson. It's really my fault! Let me explain. I told Nancy all about Bob and what we did, and suggested we could all do it together. Like I said, Bob and I have been together for a long time. Six months! Nancy was just curious." 

Beth asked, "Curious about what?" 

Nancy looked down at the floor, and so did Bob. Louise didn't really know how to answer the question. She appeared embarrassed, but continued to tell Beth about the sexual affair. "You know, Nancy was wondering what it would be like to be with a man who had all that experience. She wondered, just like I did, how making love would feel with an experienced guy! I guess that was what started it. Then we both agreed to have him come over when you were gone and we would do it together!"

Beth said, "Is that what this is all about Nancy? You wanted to experiment with sex and you heard about his experience? Is that it? Answer me!"

Nancy looked up, meeting her mother's eyes and said, "NO! It wasn't just that! It was... Well, it was what Louise told me she and he did, and how they did it! It made me so worked up I was burning inside. I wanted to do that too!"

Beth asked, "What did she tell you? What did she say about Mr. Johnson? What the hell was it that he did?" Bob didn't say anything. Beth asked again, "What is it that he does that made you want to sleep with him, for god sakes?" 

Louise finally said, "It's his cock!" 

Beth was the one who blushed now. She hesitated and then asked, "What? His cock! What about his cock? Damn it, Nancy, talk to me! What about Mr. Johnson's cock? Girls, I want to know what is happening here! Why are you with this older man? Answer me! You said it was his cock. What about his cock?"

Louise looked at Nancy. Both of them smiled. Louise looked back at Beth and said, "I'll tell you! He's big! I mean he is REALLY big!" 

Nancy said, "Huge! He's hung like a horse, Mom!" 

Beth blushed again! Louise said, "Well, it's not just that he's big down there. He can go and go and go! He has unbelievable endurance! I told Nancy all about him and what we did, and for how long we did it! God!! He gave me such orgasms! I thought I was going to pass out!" 

Nancy looked at her mother and said, "That's what's been going on! I invited them over here because Louise told me how great a lover he is! I was so excited I wanted to try him for myself!" 

Louise told her, "She begged me and begged me for weeks, Beth. I put this in her head and she told me she had to try it. She's over 18, and so am I, and we both wanted him!" 

Beth's eyes grew and grew as Louise and Nancy talked about Bob and his big cock! She had no idea either girl was experienced when it came to sex. She certainly didn't think her daughter had that experience. But as she listened to Louise talk about Bob's cock, she began to wonder about it. There was a small twinge starting between her thighs that she had not felt in quiet some time. 

She had been divorced for a year. She kept in very good shape and could have most any guy she wanted, but the pickings were sparse, and her time was even shorter. She worked long hours to provide for herself and Nancy. Her life didn't involve many men. Certainly not every day and night. She got her relief a great many times with her finger, the shower spout, or her vibrator, which she had hidden in her bedroom closet. 

Bob finally spoke up: "Look, Beth, can I call you Beth? The fault is all mine. I caught Louise in my shower with my son six months ago. They were... Well, they were making love to each other standing up. I got so worked up and mad, I made Louise come back to my bedroom so I could scare her! I should have called her mother and let her go. But instead, she's the one who scared me with her beauty and her body. She stood there in front of me naked and my sexual desire took control of me. We hit it off. I'm single, and she is so beautiful and young, I got wrapped up in her desires as well as my own. I know I should have stopped it, but god, look at her! Any man would give up almost everything he has to be with her. And now, Nancy. I had both to make love to! I couldn't stop wanting them, especially since I knew they wanted me as bad as I did them!" 

Beth looked at him and said, "For god sakes girls, go get something on. Get dressed and come back in here!" 

When they left the room, Bob asked, "So what now? Can I go now?" 

Beth said, "No! Do you know how hard it is to raise kids by yourself, especially a girl? You say you have a son. It's not the same."

"Yes, I know. I'm a single parent, too. My son is only 20."

She asked him, "Well, if you have a daughter and came home and found her in bed with her best friend and an older man, what would you do? Then ask yourself what would you do if you knew, from the sex smell and wetness all over their bodies, that you they had been fucking each other for a long time! And then your daughter told you one of them has been fucking this older man most every night for months! What would you say then?" 

Bob shook his head and said, "I don't know, Beth. I just don't know. Look, I think your daughter and Louise kind of seduced me here tonight. I have been with Louise for months, and I'm sure she told Nancy everything we did. To be honest, we did just about everything!" He smiled a little and then stopped when Beth wasn't smiling back. He continued, "When I got here, Nancy and Louise were nearly naked already. I'm not sure, but I think they have been together before. Anyway, both girls began dancing around me while they stripped and began to rub their bodies on me! Finally, they stripped completely and pulled me up to the bedroom. We made love! I couldn't say no! I'm sorry, but, my god, these two girls are beautiful and so willing! So willing just to have sex no strings attached!" 

Beth looked at him closely  Not bad, really. He's certainly buff. Maybe... Oh, that's ridiculous! When the girls came back into the room, they had tee shirts on. Nancy had her panties on, but Louise didn't. Nancy started in, "Mom look, it's my fault! Let Bob leave and punish me! I wanted him to make love to me! Louise stayed with me and she wanted him to do it to her too! We got him here and drove him crazy by rubbing our bodies on him, playing with ourselves, and playing with his cock while it got hard. Mom, he has a huge cock! God, he did both of us until we had to stop! He's an unbelievable lover!" 

Beth listened to that and then said, "Sit down girls. Mr. Johnson, stand up." He stood, and she told him, "Now, undress! " 

Everyone looked at Beth. She said it again, "Get undressed, sir, and let me see this big cock I am hearing so much about!" She had thought only to humiliate the man. She had him under some type of control, threatening him with the cops. But the more she looked at him, the more enticing he seemed. She wanted more. Why not? I deserve it as much as these girls. Even more!

He slowly undid his slacks and let them drop to the floor. He stepped out of them and was completely naked. His cock was soft but still hung down six inches. Beth flipped on the CD player and ordered the girls, "OK, girls. Now start dancing and undressing again just like you did when he got here earlier. Do exactly what you did when he first came here. Understand?" 

The girls shook their heads and began to pull up their shirts. Beth told them, "Stop! Strip just like you did before, slowly take off your tee shirts and panties." 

Louise said: "I'm not wearing any panties, Mrs. Wilson." 

Beth told her, "Well, you should. You can strip off your tee shirts. I want you both to do exactly the same as you did when Mr. Johnson came in the house!" She was rapidly warming to the idea of having this man exhibit himself in front of her.

Both girls stripped down as they began to dance. In seconds, they undressed completely. Beth watched them and Bob's reaction. She told them, "Come on girls. Dance like you did for him earlier. Rub your bodies against each other, and touch each other. Now touch him. Do just what you did earlier. Mr. Johnson told me what you did to get him all worked up. I want to see you do it again!" 

Finally getting into it, the girls danced and rocked against each other, pumping their small hips and asses around in front of Bob. They dry humped each other and made like they were fucking hard. They moaned and squeezed each other's tits, and rubbed their pussies. Beth watched Bob as he tried to look somewhere else, but she told him, "And you Mr. Big Cock! You watch just like you did before. Got it?" 

He nodded his head and turned to watch the two beautiful young women dance and play with each other. He could feel his cock began to grow. He tried to stop it by thinking of other things, but Louise grabbed him and began to caress him. Nancy cupped his balls, and both girls took his hands and placed them on their bodies. Beth told him, "Spread your legs wider. Show me your big cock! Open your legs and let me see your cock!" 

Bob turned to face Beth, hoping he understood what she wanted. Suddenly, he liked the idea. Beth ordered the girls to continue to touch and play with his cock. She ordered Bob to touch and play with the girls. As she watched the girls play with his cock, she saw it grow harder and larger. Bob did what he was told and was now semi-hard. Beth sneered and said, "Well, you don't look that big to me, sir. Maybe you are intimidated by an older woman. Maybe if I leave, you can get it up. I'll go change and be back in one minute. Girls I want you to keep going. Lick him! Do it now! Get him hard! I want to see it hard! I mean it, girls! Do it or I'm calling the cops and Louise's mom!" 

Beth left the room, hoping Bob would be more at ease and be able to get that big cock hard. She laughed to herself as she walked into her bedroom. She was now hot, throbbing between her legs as she took off her clothes, leaving on a pair of light blue thong panties. She cupped her pussy and felt it wet. She smiled again and squeezed her cunt a few times before she slipped on her robe, grabbed something from her nightstand, and walked back to the room where the girls were still working away on Bob's cock. It was quiet a lot bigger than it was when she left. 

She sat back down and watched the two girls lick Bob's balls and his big purple cock head. Louise put his thick cock head in her mouth as Nancy jerked him off. Then Nancy licked and sucked on his balls while Louise licked and sucked his big cock. He was still standing, but his knees were shaking. The girls switched and Louise licked his balls, while Nancy stroked his big thick cock. The young girls were completely nude. 

Seeing their bodies gave Bob all the visual stimulation he needed. Their four hands and two mouths and tongues were giving his cock direct contact and pleasure. His cock was long, thick and very hard now and it stuck straight out.

When Beth saw Bob's big cock sticking out from his body like a small baseball bat, she took a deep breath. The girls and Bob looked up when they heard her come into the room, but continued to pleasure Bob. Neither of them felt the least self conscious with Beth in the room. Bob's body had seduced them all over again. Beth sat on a chair, leaving her robe open slightly, showing much of her legs above her knees. She crossed and uncrossed them, flashing a view of thigh. Her heavy breasts threatened to fall out of the robe. Bob smiled at her as she looked at the three of them. 

She told the girls not to stop, so they continued until Bob's big cock was completely hard. It had grown to at least ten inches and jumped as the girls continued to tease and lick it. Louise had both hands around the shaft and was sucking hard on the cock head. Nancy was cupping his balls, sucking each one. She was also rubbing under his legs and licking between his balls and ass hole. Bob's cock was throbbing as he took his hands and held Louise's head on his cock. She sucked harder, hoping to make him cum. 

Both girls were rubbing their pussies. When Louise began to finger her friend's pussy, Nancy looked over at her mother and saw her smile. All inhibitions gone, she stopped playing with Bob's cock and played with Louise's body. She fingered Louise's pussy as Louise pumped and sucked hard on Bob's cock. The action was really working on Bob. It was also having its effect on Beth. Bob's lust was building faster and faster and he moaned and said, "Oh god! I'm want to cum! Oh yeah, Lou, suck me baby!" His cock was huge, seemingly as thick as Louse's small arm. It twitched as Louise squatted before him and teased it with her tongue. Nancy's fingers were going in and out of her best friend's pussy, getting her wetter and wetter. 

All the women watched Bob's cock now as it swelled to its longest length. Beth stared as Bob looked at her and smiled. She looked saw him smile, but returned her stare to his cock. She had a little twinkle in her eyes. As both girls continued to suck on Bob's cock and play with each other, Beth got wetter and wetter between her legs. Watching the girls' mouths and hands work on this big thick cock was so hot! She liked what she saw. Her upper thighs squeezed tight around her pussy. Her thong was so wet, it slid in her pussy slit and the crack of her ass. She squeezed her legs tight again as she felt her pussy throbbing. Her eyes were fixed directly on the big thick cock. Louise sucked him, licked him, and every once in awhile she would pop it out to look at it. 

Louise looked at Beth and then she went back to stroking Bob's long hard shaft and putting the head back into her mouth. This went on until Bob moaned again. He looked at Beth and said, "I'm going to cum! If you don't stop now, you- - are- - going - - to - - have- - - cum - - - all- - - over - - - your- - - rug! Ahhh! Oh god, Louise! Nancy! That- - feels- - so- - good! Ahhhh! Mummm!!!" He held Louse's head tight against his thighs as she sucked hard on his big cock, taking as much as she could in her mouth. Nancy was under him, between his legs, licking and sucking on his balls. 

They worked every inch of his big thick dick with their mouths and fingers. He was loving it! Beth was loving it too. She was hot as hell seeing this big cock, hard, throbbing and jumping with excitement, wanting to cum! She uncrossed her legs and stood up. As she did, her robe opened showing him she had on only a thong. He could see they were very wet. She put her hands on her hips and told the girls, "OK girls! Stop!" They didn't hear her or didn't want to stop. She said again, "Stop I said! He's not going to cum yet! I don't want you to make him cum. Not yet! I want Bob to jack his cock himself. You two come over here and sit next to me and just watch." She sat back down and both girls walked over and sat next to her, one on each side. 

Nancy was about to put her top back on but her mom stopped her. She said, "No, no, Nancy. Let's give Bob all the visual stimulation he wants, baby! We can all see him cum! OK. Now it's your turn, Bob. Jerk off for us! Let us see you ejaculate on your pants!" 
