 This is a short story about one of my all time favorite encounters with a toy that my girlfriend and I shared a few years ago.

The doorbell rang, and you looked over at me nervously. I loved the way you got just before a toy came over. This is a toy we have played with before and it is always great to see you with him. I know that he is not your favorite for whatever reason, but he definitely is my favorite.

T.C. was shorter than me but had a great body. He stood maybe 5'10" with that dark Italian look. He was trim but muscled and always clean. The one thing we always ask is that our toys take a shower right before they leave to come see us. T.C. never failed us in that regard. He smelled clean, had a gorgeous cock that was trimmed with smooth shaven balls. And God did he love to see you!

"Answer it."

I wanted him to see your sexy body first thing and I had you wearing a push-up bra that accentuated "the girls" and a pair of matching panties. I know it was tough for me to wait until he arrived when you were in something that made you look so sexy.

"Hi!"

He smiled broadly as you opened the door. You welcomed him inside and he flashed me a quick look. He knew from my return glance that he could do whatever he liked from here on in. He followed you with his eyes and you walked back toward me. I waved my hand toward the master bedroom and you turned toward T.C. He was right behind you as you stepped into the room and before he even touched you, he began taking off his shirt. Once that was over his head and his upper body was revealed, you stepped in and kissed him.

Kissing was rare. Normally, that would be against the rules but I fucking love seeing you make out with him. Fucking turned me on instantly! There usually was not too much conversation between the three of us. You knew he had a girlfriend that did not know about him playing with us and that made you slightly hesitant. You also knew that he was my favorite toy and you enjoyed seeing my pleasure more than the fact that he was stepping out.

You kissed your way down his neck and body as you worked to open his jeans. You squatted down and pulled his half hard cock free and took it in your mouth. THIS was my favorite part. Of all the guys we have played with, I loved seeing his cock in your mouth the most. It seemed to fit perfectly into the back of your throat. Another half inch and you would struggle to swallow it all and a half inch shorter and it would not look as appealing.

You looked my way and you could see me in awe. You smiled and slapped his cock on your cheek for me.

"You happy baby?" you ask me.

"I literally could watch you do that as long as either of you could make it last." Was my reply.

You stood and kissed T.C. on the lips, letting him taste his own cock on your tongue. Then you spun and laid down on the bed so your head was near the corner. T.C. stepped closer and plunged his perfect cock into your waiting mouth again. I had my camera out by this time and I took probably 50 pictures as you licked and sucked on his perfect cock. His fingers had eventually found your warm, wet pussy and he was working them inside you as you continued to give me more of what I wanted.

"Put the camera down and come over here."

I placed it on the dresser near the bed and crawled onto the bed and up next to you. T.C. never hesitated. He pulled his cock from your mouth and moved it so that I could immediately have my own turn with it. He tasted so good and was coated in your saliva. You shared it with me and our tongues met here and there as we took turns sucking and licking at his incredible tool.

I knew he wanted to taste you and I rolled away so that I could pull you away from the corner and more toward the center of the bed. He has done this enough to understand that was his cue. He crawled between your thighs and buried his tongue inside you. I never watched him closely, but I do know that you enjoyed his technique very much. He always took diligent care of you and never failed to make you orgasm at least once before he moved up to slide inside you.

This time was no different. I kissed you for a bit before moving to tease your lips with my cock. When you orgasmed though, your eyes closed, your thighs squeezed on him as your entire body tightened and convulsed. The goose bumps were an unmistakable sign that you were not faking anything.

As you slowly regained your senses, you looked up at me pleadingly. I know that look too well. You want to feel cock inside you. That look isn't for me to fuck you, it is for permission to beg someone else to fuck you. I nodded.

"I want you to fuck me T.C."

You know to look in his eyes and really let me know how bad you want him. I can't explain how sexy it is to see my lady beg another man to fuck her.

"Please, please give me your bare cock."

This was a twist. We have used protection every time with him up to this point. I had talked to you several times about how hot it was for me to think about him cumming in your bare pussy. I wanted you to feel him inside you, nothing but him. And, I wanted to feel his cum oozing out of you when I slid into you. I wanted this more than you did.

He looked at me and I couldn't nod fast enough. He moved up between your thighs, pushed them up to your tits like I had showed him and teased your bare pussy with his throbbing cockhead. You looked nervously at me and I was crazy with anticipation. I wanted to see him sliding into my girl with nothing between them.

He gripped his shaft and pushed his head inside you. I was watching intently as he slid, with no resistance, until his entire cock was as deep as he could get it in you. Your eyes closed, your head rolled back, and you let out this long low moan. I almost came.

He began slow. He took long, deep strokes into and out of you. One minute he would be as deep inside you as he could reach and the next, I would see the base of the thick head of his cock about to pop free from your dripping cunt. He really knew how to fuck you for both of our pleasure. You lay back and just concentrated on his every inch at first. Knowing he would pick it up soon, you let him slow stroke you until you couldn't take it anymore.

You head came up and you reached up for him. He lowered his body onto your and immediately you began deep kissing him. He positioned his hands under your ass cheeks and pressured your tight little hole just the way I had text him to do. I told him you enjoy the feel of the weight of a guy on top of you. This is one more reason why he is my favorite, he takes direction so well. His ass clenched as he pumped into you while fingering your ass and making out with you.

Then you grabbed his face. You looked him in the eyes and asked him...

"Do you want to cum inside my pussy T.C.? Do you want to fill me up with your load as bad as I want you to? I've never wanted anyone to cum inside me more than I want you to cum inside me right now."

I had to think about all kinds of things to keep from cumming at those words. Holy fuck was she hot right there. I couldn't wait to see him pump her full of his cum.

He pushed up and put his hands behind her knees. He began pounding her deep and she screamed out things that were making me crazy. I absolutely knew he only had a few second left in him.

"Please T.C. give me your load. I want it. I want to feel you shooting it inside me. Please? I need your seed baby, I NEED IT!!"

He screamed out as he came inside her that night. She was pulling at him as he did, and it was obvious, she really had wanted his seed. He was deep in her and he never pulled out even a little bit. He put it all as deep as he could into my woman and she fucking milked him for every last drop. He collapsed on top of her panting. She lovingly stroked his back and spoke to him in reassuring tones. Telling him what a good fuck he had given her and how happy she was to finally feel another man's cum inside her pussy.

I was dying to get in there, but I wanted her to have this moment. I waited by the bed patiently letting her feel his panting body on her and watching her rub the back of his head as she whispered things in his ear. He pushed up enough to kiss her softly this time. They had a moment of intense eye contact and he was the ONLY guy who I would let have this. Then he crawled off the bed and smiled at me as he stepped into the bathroom and closed the door.

I looked into her eyes, she was mine. There is a language that you cannot describe. One look told me how much she loved that and how much she loved me for giving it to her. I kissed her and slowly moved down the side of her neck. I love kissing that area where her shoulder and neck come together. I made my way down to her nipples and gently suckled each of them. Then I slid forward so that she could feel my aching cock at the entrance to her sloppy wet vagina.

I eased into her much the same way T.C. had done, slowly and entirely. She moaned softly, as she had with him. I have never been more turned on in my life. I reached my arm under her and rolled her on top of me. She knew it was my fantasy to have her led another man's seed leak out of her in the position and run down my own cock and balls.

"Feel it?" she asks.

"I feel you."

She leans back and arches her back a bit. She begins to glide back and forth and I can clearly feel it is wetter than usual.

I don't know what made me want to do what I did next. I pulled her in, kissed her passionately and then pulled her hard forward off my cock. She was surprised.

"What? Wait. No. Joe, no. Don't"

But I did anyway. I had her straddling my face by the time she got to "Don't." I didn't gently lick her. No, I opened my mouth and covered her entire pussy area as I sucked up her, and his juices, off her body. Then I reached my arms up around her hips (we referred to this as the "snuggle face" position) and dug my tongue as deep as it would stretch inside her. She moaned, and her body tensed.

"Oh my God, I can feel some of him about to come out. Joe. Joe. Oh my God Joe!"

I squeezed her hip tight to my face and I lapped up every drop that came out of her. I licked and sucked her until I felt her body tremble and saw the goose bumps on her arms and legs. I had no idea she, or I, would like this so much. When he was all gone, I sucked harder and tried to go deeper with my tongue.

"Fuck me!"

She said it in a way that I was not about to argue.

I flipped her over onto her back and immediately plunged into her.

"Oh God, fuck me and fill me again."

I lay on top of her and sank my big hands under her sexy ass. I could feel how wet it was from all the juices that had escaped from her when she was on top of me. I got a finger deep in her ass as I ground against her.

She did the same thing to me that she did to him. She grabbed my face and begged me to fuck her.

"Do you like having another man's cum in me? Did you like the way it tasted out of my pussy? Reclaim what is yours baby!"

I wasn't going to last 30 seconds. I pulled my hands out from under her and placed them behind her knees. I pressed her knees to her chest and when her feet came up toward my chest, I softly bit at them until I was sucking several toes in my mouth as I gave my girl my best pounding. Her pussy was making sloppy wet sounds from how wet she was and she never fails to orgasm in this position once I suck on her perfect feet. I barely noticed the goose bumps before I began convulsing uncontrollably. My orgasm sent my head spinning. My body locked up and I could feel every part of her touching me.

When I have intense orgasms, I get hyper sensitive and my body just locks down. My abs lock up and it is pleasurably painful in a way I have never been able to put into words. This is the most intense orgasm I have ever been able to remember. I collapsed onto her and she touched me in a way that no woman ever has. She spoke in my ear things that I loved hearing.

When my orgasm had finally subsided and I let out a chuckle at how intense it was, we noticed T.C. standing there watching us. He had his jeans on but still shirtless. He smiled.

"Did you guys enjoy yourselves?"

"Yes!" simultaneously

"Please come see us again soon."

"I definitely will."

With that, he slipped out of the bedroom and we were left there alone, J and I. She went to get up and go to the bathroom and I held onto her.

"Not yet." I said to her.

"I'm on your side of the bed so okay."

This was a joke between us as she always left a nice wet spot if she didn't go clean up soon after sex. I just didn't want to let her go right then.

We fell asleep and at some point, during the night, she switched sides of the bed. I rolled over as she crawled back in and wrapped my arms around her in our usual position.

God was he fun!!