 Hi guys,

thought I would tell you all about our second time at a glory hole in the gents toilet on the west coast of Scotland where we were living at the time. This was before we moved down to Cardiff for Bill's work.

As is normal for me you'd better put the kettle on or open a big bottle of wine because it is long very long, slow to start with but I think it's worth the reading. This story goes back about 30 years ago back when almost every public toilet had glory holes, or at least writings on the walls that it was active for cock fun as was often the ad written on the wall ( Cock fun wanted ) or drawings of men in stockings and suspenders their big cocks sticking out. I have often wondered if it was the same artist as some of them were very accurate. 

Well as in our first glory hole story we were both in our twenties, we lived on the west coast of Scotland. It was a large town and it had, back in the day many public toilets and almost every one of them was active for cock fun. Myself and Bill had been experimenting in the bedroom. I was desperate for Bill to take more than my finger up his arse. And back in those days other than a sex shop it was quite difficult to buy dildo's and false cocks. Our town did not have any sex shops, so we adapted. We used small cucumbers with condoms on them. 

Over a couple of months for my own pleasure I increased the size of the cucumbers. There was something about watching my husband being penetrated that really turned me on. I never failed to cum rubbing my pussy which is what I called it back then. In fact often I would cum two or three times before Bill came. I would thrust the cucumber into Bill and I would know when he was fully penetrated because he would let out a low moan which would get a little higher and he would get more vocal saying oh yes fuck me fuck me baby as he was coming. Even to this day it is as about as personal as a woman can get with her husband. 

Bill had mentioned that there was a toilet down our beach which would see loads of action at night. It was in a perfect position right in the middle of the promenade, with clear views to the right and left. So that one guy watching could see anyone coming from a safe distance. 

Bill said that Friday night was probably the best night to go down say around nine. Most people would be in the pubs and clubs and that only the real players would be there. So we decided on one Monday night to make the coming Friday the night for our visit. 

All week I was so horny and cucumbered poor Bill's arse and he fucked me almost every night and we talked and whispered about what might happen. Bill asked what I wanted to happen and my reply which wasn't the truth at the time was, we'll just wait and see babes I don't really know what I want to happen. 

Yes I knew alright and I'm sure some of you reading this now, know what I wanted to happen. But back then I was too shy to say out loud what I wanted remember I was only 23 years old and still learning about being a wife and a woman. Yes I know that the other stories paint a different picture but I was genuinely shy about talking about our sex life. 

I got more and more excited about the upcoming Friday to such an extent that when Bill was at work I would masturbate every day thinking about what might happen. Bill had only taught me about a two years before then how to masturbate. And I was definitely getting the hang of it hehehe.

After what seemed like weeks Friday finally arrived and I was constantly moist. So much so that I had to go to the loo at work and put in a pantie pad. Girls remember those things Jesus like blankets folded over. 

Over our dinner that night I could hardly settle, my pussy had started that light throbbing the minute Bill came home from work and my big nipples were already sore from their tightness. The clock crawled round from six o'clock to eight thirty. Then at last it was time to get ready. Bill had said that I should wear flat shoes like my Doc Marten one's from work. My ever present see through white bra and panties. A pair of jeans a loose blouse and my Dufflecoaat coat. Yes Dufflecoat a big bulky thing with a hood.

Even yet I still remember the excitement as we drove down to our beach front. We were both nattering away about anything but what we were about to do.

We parked up and sat for about twenty minutes. Although it was dark we could still clearly see our destination the white outline of the ladies and gents toilets in the middle of the promenade. Other than a couple of people walking their dogs there was no one else to be seen. 

Even though there were about ten cars in the car park. We discussed what we should do upon entering the toilets. Bill said that if there's a few at the urinal, that I was to walk straight in and stand at the farthest corner away from anyone. He would then stand beside me that way keeping me clear of anyone else but allowing me to peek out from the safety of my hood and watch what was going on. 

Bill took my hand as we started our walk along the promenade to the toilets. It was only a two or three minute walk. I was literally shaking with nerves and excitement and I could feel Bill sharing the same shaking and excitement. As we neared the entrance to the gents I pulled Bill away as I saw a man standing at the door. We walked round the building and Bill told me that the guy was probably looking out for anyone approaching the toilets.

I said lets walk round a couple of times until I'm ready. Sure no problem honey says Bill. Whenever we were doing anything like this Bill always gave me his full support. Even to the extent that we drove to Glasgow one night for some fun and I backed out, Bill fully supported my decision no arguments no tantrums. 

I was still shaking with excitement as we walked round past the same guy who was standing at the door. On our fourth turn round the building I gently squeezed Bill's arm and I turned and headed for the entrance. Wow even today I can hardly believe my nerve. But I walked straight into the gents toilet past the guy at the door and walked as instructed by Bill right to the farthest corner of the long urinal, Bill joined me immediately thereby cutting off any direct view of myself.

I stood there trembling, shaking my legs were actually shaking. I kept my left shoulder to the wall and as instructed my hands at the zip of my jeans. This way I would appear to be pissing. ( Fuck I'm taking a break guys it won't show here but I need to sort myself out if you know what I mean BRB.)

I'm back phew that was really good..... a nice cup of tea hehehehe.

So there I am stuck in the far corner of the long urinal but I found if I leaned my head forward I was still covered by the hood but I could see right along the urinal. There were eight people there seven men and little me. 

As I looked along and down I was disappointed to see that there was nothing going on. Then next to me I could just make out Bill taking his cock out. Bills cock is not enormous but it is a good seven and a half inches long and very thick. I peeked down and he was already fully erect he stepped back ever so slightly and began wanking his cock. It was like a signal to all the other men there and suddenly as I glanced along and down I could clearly see seven hard cocks being wanked. All shapes and sizes except for the one at the very end it looked huge.

God I almost fainted with excitement I felt my legs go a little and leaned against the wall. My pussy was throbbing and twitching. My nipples were aching rock solid and rubbing against the rough fabric of the Dufflecoat. As I peeked again the man next to Bill suddenly squatted and took the man next to him's cock straight into his mouth. Fuck I was really going now. I peeked as the man getting his cock sucked grabbed the back of the man's head and began to fuck his cock in and out of his face, moaning and whispering all the time.

I unzipped my jeans pulled them down a little and began to rub my pussy, the bagginess of the coat hiding my actions. I was sopping wet. The man next to the man getting his cock sucked suddenly shuffled forward and presented his cock to the man sucking. 

He stopped and leaned forward and took the newly offered cock right down his throat, the man moaned and said out loud go on suck it, suck it whore. I came, trembling against the wall biting my lip I came copiously all over my hand. I was witnessing one of the most intimate things one man can do to another. I was there in total disguise I was seeing what few women ever get to see one man pleasuring another, and I was only twenty three and almost four years married. 

You have to remember back in the seventies the only way that you could witness something like this was in blue movies. We didn't have access to them.

I kept stroking my pussy as Bill shuffled forward and presented his cock to the sucker but he didn't move instead he increased his sucking of the second man as we all heard his rising urgency.He kept whispering suck it suck ya cunt, then suddenly it was fuck fuck I'm coming I'm fucking coming, he pulled his cock out of the suckers mouth and spunked all over his face. 

After a minute or two the man who had cum on the suckers face zipped up and left, no thank you no nothing just left. Jesus I thought men treat each other worse than they treat women. The sucker with his face covered in spunk turned and took Bill's offered cock into his mouth. And like the other man I peeked and saw Bill grasp the back of the man's head and fuck his face hard.

I have never been able to take all of Bill's cock into my mouth due to it's thickness but the suckers nose was brushing against Bill's pubic hair as his head bobbed back and forth. The man who was the first to be getting his cock sucked suddenly shuffled forward and ejaculated all over the suckers face with some of his spunk splashing onto Bill at the same time. I trembled as I felt another orgasm wash over me I came so hard that my legs did give way I almost dropped to my knees.

The man who had just come quickly glanced in my direction and I turned my head to the side. I heard him zip up and leave not a word was said. As I peeked again Bill was thrusting his big cock into the suckers mouth very aggressively, then suddenly he pushed the sucker away saying not yet. Bill stepped back in close to the urinal and the man next to him shuffled over and stuck his cock into the suckers face.

He didn't last long and within a few thrusts he was saying oh ya cunt oh oh ya cunt. It was obvious that he was coming as he buried his cock into the suckers face and let out a fairly loud moan as he emptied himself into the willing mouth.

Footsteps made everyone turn round and pretend to pish again, even the guy who had just cum, though he did zip up and leave. It was the watcher at the door and he said geezz busy tonight there's another five guys wandering around they all look as if they are on, I know three of them are. With that he turned and went back to his place by the door.

In the space of five minutes there was indeed another five men walk in. The urinal was now totally full with one of the men standing in one of the cubicles with the door fully open. And there was little me standing at the far end of eight wanking men and one openly wanking in the open cubicle.

As I looked along the row of wanking cocks the sucker got down on his knees amongst all the spent spunk and piss and began sucking more cock. I could smell the piss and of course the stale smell of used spunk. As I glanced at the sucker he had the man's cock in his hand and I noticed the twinkle of a gold wedding band on the suckers hand, fuck it was and still is one of the kinkiest things I have ever seen. Bet his wife doesn't know about this I thought. 

I peeked at the sucker and the man's face who was getting sucked and it was almost surreal. My pussy was now in overdrive and even the slightest touch had me close to coming. Bill leaned in and I turned to face him, I could only mouth wow and gave him a weak smile. He put his hand down the front of my jeans and I immediately began to hump his probing fingers. He leaned closer and whispered suck me.

So there I was 23 years old only four years married and at twenty one I didn't even know how to masturbate and I was about to lower my knees onto a floor covered in piss and spent spunk in a gents public toilet. There was no doubt in my mind that I was going to do it. The smell alone had me going and the very filthiness of it meant I had no control over myself or my aching nipples and pussy.

I lowered myself to the cold floor and immediately felt the legs of my jeans getting wet with that strange mixture. Bill shuffled forward and offered his cock to me. I took as much of him into my mouth as I could and began bobbing my head back and forth. As i was sucking Bill I felt him tug at the hood of the Dufflecoat I immediately put my hand up and stopped him. Then I dropped my hand into my panties and began to rub gently and suck as hard as I could I bit my lip as I let out a barely comprehensible moan I was close to coming.

Bill gave a gentle tug on the hood and I let him pull it down, I was coming and I knew I wanted these men to see me. No sooner had the hood hit my shoulders when the guy who was wanking in the open cubicle door said holy fuck it's a bird it's a fucken bird. My long hair had fallen from my hood exposing me as indeed a bird or as I like to say a woman.

Well if you have ever seen eight Bi sexual men suddenly become straight it was that moment. They all crowded round me stroking their cocks. I could hear them whisper to each other it is a fucken bird, is that his wife. Then directly to Bill is that your wife. Bill smiled and said yes it is my wife. I looked up from the piss and spunk covered floor and saw a real look of pride in Bill's face. The men all crowded closer offering me their cocks pushing each other out of the way. Even the sucker had got to his feet and was waving an impressive big cock at my mouth.

I reached round each man as they formed a circle round me and began taking turns stroking their cocks. The second man that I grasped moaned and spunked all over my blouse with a little hitting my chin. Jesus I was really going now this guy hadn't seen anything but my face yet he was spunking in seconds.

I had to stand up my knees were getting sore. As I stood up the circle closed in and they began to touch me all over. My blouse was opened my bra pulled up and my tits and nipples released. One of them leaned forward and took my right nipple into his mouth gently grinding it with his teeth I moaned out loud, really out loud. Footsteps had us back pretending to piss me with the coat wrapped around to hide my semi nakedness. It was the watcher one of the men told him as he pointed that I was a bird. I turned my head and smiled at him and he said holy fuck holy fuck hurry up and keep the noise down for fuck sake. He went back to the door.

I was immediately turned back round and the assault on my nipples was now doubled as another man latched onto my free nipple, my nipples are very big about an inch and a half when fully aroused. Tonight they were an inch and a half, I felt two finger probe my pussy and I ground my hips down onto them and came, a long hard orgasm thrashing through me my nipples tingling and my cunt thrashing onto the fingers.

I had to lean against the nipple suckers so that I didn't fall down. It went through my entire body and I thrashed and trembled as I wet the fingers that were up my cunt. I was shaking as Bill intervened and led me too the nearest cubicle put the lid down on the smelly toilet and lowered me onto it. I sat there gasping and panting as the orgasm slowly subsided my entire body was trembling.

Bill whispered if I was okay I just nodded my head and said can you shut the door over for me I think I need to pee, I know suddenly I'm all shy I've just been kneeling in piss and spunk and I don't want anyone to see me peeing. But that is where I was back then. After a few minutes Bill pushed the door open slightly and asked if I was okay, I whispered back yes babes I'm more than okay holy fuck that was amazing. Then I asked him do you think I should do what I did the last time we were in the toilets at the park. Bill's broad smile gave me the answer without him saying a word, give me a couple of minutes then.

Bill knocked on the door and I whispered that I was ready. He pushed the door fully open and I stepped out. Although I hadn't heard them come in there were now 12 men standing there.

I stepped right out into the middle of them completely naked. Out the corner of my eye I caught a man spunking straight away, he shuffled over and my long legs caught the last of his spurts. 

Yes I was completely naked not even my Doc Marten shoes on. My arse and thick black hairy cunt was there for all to see. The men were all over me tweaking my nipples fingering my sodden cunt. I looked for Bill and he was on the edge of the group getting his cock sucked by the sucker. I came again as I was led to the urinal and pushed over and I was penetrated by a good thick cock. The men around me were telling the man fucking me to ram it into her look she fucken loves it. And I was loving it I glanced to see Bill and there he was on his knees sucking a nice big cock my husband sucking another man's cock. 

My orgasms were now running into one another and as I was taken by the third man I came hard again. But no sooner had the spent cock been withdrawn from me when I was again pushed over the stinky urinals and penetrated again. I think it was the forth cocks owner who started it, he said he was coming and that I was a dirty wee whore as he emptied himself into me. After that the comments got more and more rude and the fucking more aggressive. Suddenly they were all calling me a dirty cunt, a spunk bucket, a dirty whore, a slut, a slag and a cock monster. I was used and used again. And I was loving it I love dirty talk when I'm being fucked but this was something else. 

If you can remember back to the first time I peeked along the line of seven cocks and said that the guy at the end's cock looked huge, it was and I know now that he was called Big Robert he was pushed in front of me. 

His cock to this day is the biggest I have ever seen measured at a later meeting it was fourteen inches long not as thick as Bills but still thick. It didn't stand straight up rather it seemed to go level with his body it was so big.

I looked for Bill but he was still on his knees sucking another guys cock which of course set me off again witnessing my young husband sucking another man. I was led to the hand sinks and pushed over.

Big Robert penetrated me but he seemed to go on and on, I was sure I could feel him in my womb it was so fucken big. Through the haze of mini to full orgasms I felt someone lean in beside me on the other hand sink. When I looked it was my husband Bill I thought he was leaning in to see if I was okay, but suddenly his body appeared to be convulsing and as I looked further back I saw that the big cocked man he had been sucking was now right behind him and he was thrashing his big cock into my husbands arse.

I heard the low moan and reached over and grasped Bills hand as I heard him say yes fuck me baby fuck me. I came again only this time with such force that I did end up on the floor. I was helped up by two of the men whom I noticed were none of the others that had been there before, how had I missed their entrance. But I stood with them now and watched as Bill came without touching his cock and the big cocked man behind him moan as he emptied himself into my husband. 

When he pulled out we could all clearly see the spunk running from my husbands hole or as I like to call it these days his man cunt. The man was quickly replaced by another and I watched as I was again pushed over the hand sinks and entered by big Robert. I felt big Robert erupt inside me as he emptied into me. My orgasms were subsiding and as I stood with about six men all that were left I continued to watch my husband getting fucked up his arse. 
