 It was a fantasy that we had both wanted for a long time, this whole threesome thing. But as it turns out, finding a man-a decent, respectful, sane man for a one time threesome with two women isn't the easiest thing in the world. Pete was our 15th attempt at this. The other 14 included underage kids, a few frat boys, and one very married man with a very crazy wife who followed him and harassed us for weeks after.

So, needless to say, we were both going into this meeting with some trepidation. 

I looked over at my girlfriend of 7 years as she was putting on her makeup, and felt a warm rush of affection (and desire) run through me. Mel was gorgeous at 5' 8", dark blond hair, bright blue eyes, and curves in all the right places. She was decked out in a sexy black short skirt and blue corset, and I knew she wore nothing under the skirt but cleanly shaven skin. 

She eyes met mine in the mirror. "I see those wheels turning. What are you thinking?"

I smiled, shrugged. "How beautiful you are. You know, the norm."

Mel lowered the eye pencil and leaned toward me for a quick kiss. "Nervous about tonight?"

I sighed, turned to face my reflection in the mirror. I wore a similar ensemble to Mel's, but my corset was red and black, and my breasts were barely contained within it. I also wore nothing under my short black skirt, had lacey thigh highs on my legs, and sexy "Come fuck me heels on my feet." Like Mel, I'm 5'8", so the heels put me near the 6 foot mark. My hair was red, on the short side, curly, and wild, and my green eyes shined with anticipation. 

"Well," I started, answering her question, "it's been more than 7 years since either of us has been with a man."

Mel's mouth quirked into a hint of a smile, "Think you forgot where it goes?"

I laughed. "No. I'm pretty sure it'll be like riding a bike. I'm just wondering if this guy will be normal."

She turned from the mirror, and pulled me toward her, wrapping her arms around my waist. Mel kissed me gently, and brushed my hair from my face. "Look at it this way, baby. If nothing else, we have a nice dinner, and then we have a hotel room to play all night in. We'll just make it a romantic night for the two of us."

I leaned in and sucked on her bottom lip, sliding my tongue over it before straightening up. "You look amazing."

She smiled, "So do you."

I moved so that I could see us together in the mirror, "Well, any guy would be lucky to be with us tonight."

As planned, we arrived at the restaurant early so that we could choose our vantage point, and were seated at one of the tables at the edge of the restaurant, facing the restaurant and bar. This was a favorite place of ours, with great Mexican food in an upscale atmosphere. 

We slid onto the bench seat so that we could look out over the place and watched the front door for our date. The anticipation was making me so horny, and I leaned over to whisper as much in Mel's ear. 

It was also so hot knowing that both of us wore short skirts with nothing underneath, and with no table cloths on the tables, there was a possibility that anyone watching could see right up our skirts. I rested my hand on her bare thigh, rubbing gently. She pressed her leg against mine under the table. I slid my hand down between her thighs, stroking the skin on the inside of her leg. Mel moaned softly and opened her legs for me. I accepted the invitation and slid my hand up to stroke the soft skin of her clean shaven lips. I could feel how hot she was, and felt her hand come to rest on my upper thigh on bare skin. 

I slid a finger between her lips into her wetness and sought out her clit. She was so wet, and I so badly wanted to crawl under the table and slide my tongue up into her pussy to taste her. I settled for sliding a finger into her, and slowly fucking her with it, covering it with her juices. As I removed it to suck her juices off of my finger, our date arrived. 

Pete was better looking than the picture he'd sent us. At 6'6", he had dark hair, warm brown eyes, and had a lean, yet solid build. I had no fear that we'd break him.

And by the look in his eye and the sizeable bulge in his pants, I could tell he knew what was going on under the table.

I smiled at him, and beckoned him over. "Hi, handsome." I said as he settled in at the table.

"Hi ladies. Looks like you've already started." He replied.

My response was cut short by the arrival of the server. After ordering a round of margaritas and guacamole, I returned my hand to her thigh, and smiled at him. "Do you mind that we've started?"

He chuckled and shook his head, "Not at all. I just wish I could watch it. The view that I had from the door was amazing."

It was such a turn on knowing that the people across the restaurant could see very clearly what we were doing, and I found myself spreading my legs a little wider. Mel took the opportunity to slide her hand down between the lips of my pussy, over my clit, and slid two fingers in me. I couldn't help the moan that escaped from my lips. Her thumb found my clit, and it took all of my ability to not scream out in pleasure. I managed a smile as the server set down our order, but I'm fairly sure he knew something was going on. 

She brought me right to the brink of cumming, and stopped. I moaned in frustration, but she turned my head towards her and kissed me gently. "Just wait 'til later, baby." She whispered. 

With that motivation, we quickly finished our drinks and appetizers, paid the bill, and Pete followed us in his car to the hotel. 

Having had the foresight to check in and stock the room with libations earlier that day, we were able to go straight up to the room. It the elevator, Mel and I couldn't keep our hands off of each other. As the doors opened on our floor, I took Mel's hand in mine and reached back to grab Pete's hand and the three of us made our way down the hallway to our suite. 

The bravado by which we started the evening seemed to fade into some shyness once the three of us were alone in the room. Pete broke the ice by suggesting he open a bottle of wine. Mel turned to me and backed me up against the nearby wall, and kissed me passionately. I ran my fingers up into her hair, and vaguely heard the sounds of a bottle of wine being opened and the drink being poured. She broke off the kiss, "It's ok, baby. " She whispered. "Help me out of this corset."

Now that I had some direction, I was good to go. I led Mel to the bed, and turned her around to work on the laces that went up the back of her corset. I looked up and met Pete's eyes, and watched him as he settled into a chair to watch the show. I began working on loosening her laces, leaning down to kiss her bare shoulder, working my way up her shoulder to her neck with my lips and tongue. 

I helped her pull off the loosened corset, reaching around her to cup her breasts. Rolling her nipples between my fingers, I continued sucking and nibbling on her sensitive neck, feeling her lean back against me. I felt her reach back and grip my thigh just below the edge of the skirt. I opened my eyes to glance over at Pete to see him rubbing his bulge through his pants.

I straightened up, and spoke to him. "You can get more comfortable." He grinned, stood, and began unbuttoning his shirt, exposing a well toned chest. I was admiring our good choice in men as Mel turned around in my arms. 

"It's time to get you a little more comfortable, too." She said, leaning into me and kissing me forcefully, pushing me up against a wall. As suddenly as the kiss started, she broke it, and before I could catch my breath, she turned me around and hurriedly undid the clasps on my corset, pulling it off of me. I moaned, using the wall as a support, as I felt her kissing my back. She worked her way down my spine, using her tongue and lips, and as her lips found the small of my back, I felt her hands moving up my thighs under the skirt. I felt the skirt get pushed up and bunched around my waist, baring my ass, and giving her the opportunity to surprise me with a quick nip to my right cheek. 

"I want you on the bed," Mel whispered, standing again. I turned around and took her hand as she led me to the bed. I looked over at Pete, now naked, stroking his cock, sitting in the chair. My eyes widened in surprise—I was sure that cock's didn't come in that size in nature and had questions about whether or not it would fit—but as I always enjoy a challenge, I was willing to try. 

At the bed, Mel unzipped my skirt, and pushed it over my hips, leaving me clad only in my heels and thigh highs. I pulled my girlfriend close to me, and kissed her, removing her skirt from her body as I did. 

I pulled her onto the bed with me, rolling her until I was on top, kissing her and nibbling on her lower lip. I worked my way down to her breasts, rolling her nipple and massaging her breast with one hand while my tongue circled her nipple, and my other hand worked its way down her stomach to stroke her labia. I straddled her thigh, rubbing my dripping pussy against it, and heard movement behind me a moment before I felt a large warm hand on my ass. I lifted my head momentarily to look back at Pete and smiled my assent as he continued to rub and explore. 

As my mouth worked its way down her belly, one hand still playing with her breast, the other playing in her wetness, Pete began stroking my exposed and smooth labia. I finally reached my goal, and nibble and gently teased her labia with my tongue adding a little more pressure with each stroke until I felt her hands in my hair, and I moved my mouth and tongue to cover her clit, sucking on the nub while flicking it with my tongue. I heard her moan, and felt her writhe under me, and increased the pressure of my hand on her nipple while I slid first two, then three fingers in and out of her wetness. 

I shifted so that Pete would have access, and felt him shift, fucking me with his fingers while rubbing my clit. I moaned into Mel's pussy, increasing the speed of my fingers and tongue as she moaned. 

I felt Pete lean into me, and ask "Can I fuck you?"

Since I didn't want to move from my delicious meal, I opened my legs and stuck my ass up in a way to make my pussy available for my "yes" answer. I gasped with surprise when I felt the head of his very large cock enter me. Very slowly, he pushed the head in and removed it, and with each thrust he gave me a little more until he was resting his pelvis against my ass. In my surprise and pleasure, I paused from sucking on her clit and rested my forehead on her mound to catch my breath.

"You ok?" Pete asked. I nodded, then rotated my hips to let him know I was fine. I was more than fine. As the shock and small pain turned to big pleasure, he fucked me slowly as I pushed back against him, and I returned with vigor to lick and suck on Mel's clit. With every thrust, I was pushed into her pussy, and I felt her muscles tighten around my fingers in the telltale signs of her impending orgasm. I increased my pressure on her clit, and fucked her harder with the three fingers while my pussy was getting pounded. I began pulling on her nipple with my free hand, knowing that she liked it a little rough, and was rewarded with a screaming orgasm, her wetness flowing over my fingers. 

I moved my mouth from my clit only to replace my fingers with it, and began to tongue fuck her so that I could taste her. Pete's cock was pounding me, and he reached forward to play with my nipples. Beyond turned on, I reached down between my legs with my free hand and began rubbing my clit.

I rubbed on her clit harder, tongue fucked her faster, and was rewarded with Mel's second orgasm. Before I could go for three, she shifted to kiss me, holding my face in her hands. 

"It's my turn to taste you." She whispered. 

Pete and I shifted into reverse cowgirl position so that Mel had a front seat view of her girlfriend being impaled by a huge cock. Pete reached up and cupped my breasts as I moved up and down on his cock. Mel reached out and stroked his cock where we were joined before gently cupping Pete's balls. He moaned into my shoulder, and my moan joined his when I felt her mouth close over my clit, her teeth nipping at it, her tongue thrashing it. 

The speed of our fucking increased, and I felt her mouth move from my clit and slide down to lick where we were joined. With her fingers working my clit furiously, her tongue lapping up the liquid at our joining, and being filled by Pete, my orgasm was strong and I screamed. Rather than let up, this encouraged both of them to work me harder, and I continued to ride out one of the most intense orgasms I've ever had. 

When I was finally allowed to come down from cumming hard, I discovered that Pete was still hard, and Mel was asking to suck my juices off of him. I climbed up the bed to rest against the pillows and watch the show. Pete leaned back on his elbows so that he could watch and Mel circled her tongue around the head of his cock. He was far too large to be taken completely into her mouth, so she used her hand around the shaft at the same time. 

Despite the fact that I had had an intense orgasm only a few minutes before, it didn't take long before the sight of my girlfriend's mouth bobbing up and down on this man's cock, licking of my juices started turning me on. I was at an angle to watch her breasts swinging free, and I saw her free hand slide down between her legs to play with her clit. I began to play with my already hard nipples, feeling pleasure spread through me as I pinched them. 

I watched as Pete stroked my girlfriend's hair as she furiously sucked and stroked him. Her other hand shifted further down, and when I twisted a bit, I could see her finger fucking herself. I reached down, and began stroking my labia. Feeling eyes on me, I looked at Pete to see that I was being watched, and this turned me on more. 

I've always been a little bit (or maybe, not so little bit) of an exhibitionist, and decided to put on a show. I reached over to the basket of toys that we put in the room for this evening, and pulled out a vibrating dildo, and setting it down next to me. I spread my lips open so that he could see my clean shaven pussy with one hand, and slid my fingers up and down the exposed and very wet skin, teasing myself. I slid a finger deep within my pussy, withdrew it, and lifted it to my mouth to suck the wetness off of it. Pete groaned. 

I grabbed the dildo, turned it on, and slid it inside me, slowly fucking myself with it. I began rubbing my clit, feeling pleasure flow through my body as I watched as Mel circled her tongue around the head of his cock as she stroked him. 

Leaving the vibrator buried in my pussy, I moved to my knees, positioning myself so that what I was about to do could be seen, and grabbed a vibrating bullet. Turning it on, I slid it around in my wetness, and slid it into my ass. As I fucked my pussy with the vibrator, I leaned forward to kiss Mel, and the two of us turned our attention to his cock. Mel sucked on the head, and I worked my tongue up and down the shaft. 

I felt her hand close around the vibrator in my pussy, and she took over fucking me with it. I reached over and began fucking her pussy with three fingers, rubbing her clit with my thumb. I moved my head to be able to share the head of his cock between our two mouths. 

It didn't take long before Pete was cumming, both of us catching a little bit in our mouths and in our hair. I increased my pressure on Mel's clit, and felt her stiffen and heard her moan with her third orgasm, and felt my own orgasm rip through my body. 

After a moment of catching our collective breath—and the removal of all electronic devices, Mel suggested a bath. I shot her a wicked look, smiled, and said "I have an idea."

Pete stood and went into the bathroom, returning with a warm, wet washcloth for each of us. "You've got that look in your eye." Mel commented to me.

"Which look?" Pete asked, as we wiped ourselves clean.

"The look that says 'I want to be naughty'." Mel replied.

I smiled. "Let's go to the hot tub."

"It's closed." Mel replied.

"Closed, but not locked." I replied. "I checked."

"What do you mean?" Pete asked, sitting down.

"It just takes a room key to enter. They don't shut off the system at night, they just turn out the lights." I replied.

"And you know this...how?" Mel asked.

I shrugged. "I asked."

"You asked?" Pete and Mel replied together.

"Yeah. When I checked in, I gave a brief description of what was going on, and asked." I explained. I didn't mention that the woman that checked me in expressed her interest in seeing this or that it was the same woman who was still working the front desk.

But Mel knew me, and smiled. "You are feeling naughty. Public sex."

"Not really public." I replied. "Just not exactly private." 

"Ok, let's get dressed then." Pete said.

I stood and moved into the closet where three robes hung. "No need." I pulled them off the hangers, and handed Mel and Pete each one. 

"So, we just go down there, naked, and fuck like rabbits?" Pete asked, incredulously.

I smiled. "Something like that."

Covered in the robes, I smiled at the woman at the front desk as we stepped off the elevator and turned in the direction of the pool/hot tub area. She winked at me.

We entered the semi darkened area of the pool/hot tub, and made our way over to the tub. The area was glassed in so that we could see out into a garden area and out into the hallway of the hotel. If anyone walked past, they wouldn't be able to see us unless they were looking. But if they looked, they would be able to see. The thought of that made me more excited, and I could feel my juices dripping down the insides of my thighs.

I slipped out of my robe and slipped into the warm water. The jets were on, and I positioned myself so that a jet was shooting water in the general direction of my pussy, loving the feeling of the water over my lips. I watched Mel hesitate momentarily before slipping out of her robe and joining me in the tub. 

"Enjoying the jets?" She asked, moving over to me and lightly running a hand over my exposed pussy. 

"You know me well." I replied, leaning in to kiss her briefly. She settled in next to me, and we both watched as Pete removed his robe and stepped into the tub. He was semi hard, but I was sure that Mel and I could get him going again. 

Mel leaned into me, sliding her fingers over my pussy, and into me. She began kissing, sucking, and nibbling on my neck. "Let me lick you." She whispered.

I didn't need to be told twice, and moved to sit on the edge of the tub, spreading my legs open. Mel gave me a hungry look, and wasted no time diving in, thrusting her tongue into my pussy, and fingering my sensitive clit. I fell back onto my elbows, moaning loudly. Reaching forward with one hand, I grabbed her head and moved my hips to grind my pussy on her face when my orgasm caught me by surprise. 

I recovered from the orgasm to feel her still tongue fucking me and feeling her being pushed into my pussy in a rhythm. I opened my eyes to see her being fucked by Pete, and hearing her moan loudly into my clit, I knew that she was enjoying it. I began rolling my nipples between my fingers and let my head loll back. 

"Looks like fun." Startled, I partly sat up to see the woman from the front desk and another attractive woman standing at the edge of the tub, watching us. 

Pete never lost rhythm, and Mel didn't stop, so I'm not sure they realized (or maybe they just didn't care) that we had visitors.

"Want to join us?" I asked, breathless. The combination of having public sex, being caught, being watched, and possibly having an orgy was bringing on another orgasm. Before they could answer, I exploded. 

When I came back down to earth, still quivering since Mel hadn't stopped fucking me with her tongue and fingers, the woman from the front desk was undressing. She was a cute girl of Latina descent with curves and softness. I watched her as she removed all of her clothing and walked over to me, kneeling down next to me on the floor. 
