 I always like going in before she comes in because I so enjoy watching her and watching the men in the room watch her.

She walks into a room as if she owns the fucking place. There is an aura about her six-foot tall frame topped with the shiny brunette hair. She does not walk she struts, which causes her usually unrestrained breasts to undulate under her clothing. Her legs look as though they belong on a dancer. Strong, lean and just flat out sexy.

Everything about her exudes sex and all the people she meets feel that from her, raw sexuality.

Her name is Jane and she is my wife.

Tonight is no different from many others like it. We play this game on a regular basis. I get off work and head to a prearrange meeting place. I tell her when I will be there and she comes in fifteen minutes later.

Jane loves the attention of men. She is truthful and blatant about it. We talk about it and I am ok with it because frankly it makes my dick rock hard knowing that these other guys are drooling over something they cannot have.

We never hookup immediately. We let the evening play out with her playing the lonely housewife whose husband is always working or always out of town. To break the boredom she likes to go to the bars, have a few drinks, and flirt.

Jane is an unabashed flirt. She likes flirting and teasing men including me. The only difference is that when we get home from one of our play sessions we fuck like there is no tomorrow.

Jane is forty years old who looks more like thirty and has the body most twenty year olds wish they had.

I had been sitting in the bar almost exactly fifteen minutes when the door opened and my wife walked in.

I knew she was coming and my cock was tingling with the anticipation of seeing her and the wild tantric fuck session afterwards. However, I was not prepared for what I saw next.

Jane walked in wearing a dress I had never seen before. It was the ultimate little black dress.

It was cut so low that her naval was showing. Her cleavage and nearly half of her luscious white breasts were visible. It was short to the point that I wondered how it even covered her ass. 

She walked in, her sexy thighs were rippling, and straining as the five-inch heels she was wearing made her sexy legs even sexier.

Her tits being unrestrained by a bra were shaking and undulating up and down with each step she took.

Her nails were done with a French Manicure, which I think is by far the sexiest a woman's hands can look. Her hair was shiny and swayed as she walked.

I was so enthralled in watching her and wanting to see the back of her dress that I had nearly forgotten to watch the other men in the place.

I scanned the room and was not disappointed to see many eyes on Jane as she walked to the bar. When she got to the bar, the guys there very quickly opened a spot for her and one guy got up so she could sit down.

She finally turned around so I could see the back of her dress. It was cut deep down her back to nearly the top of her ass. She raised a leg to get on the stool and she made sure I got to see her ass peeking from beneath her dress. I was not the only one to get the shot of her ass as two other guys I saw noticed it and smiled at each other.

It was then I noticed my cock was rock hard. It was a combination of the excitement of seeing her so sexily dressed and the thought of getting to fuck that sweet ass of hers tonight.

The guy that had stood up bought her a drink and she accepted it. He was about my age and was a tall athletic guy who would be considered by women to be a real looker.

Jane turned so her back was to the bar and facing the guy. She did this also so she could face me and flash me with her panties. She kept talking to the guy, uncrossed her legs, and re-crossed them. During the change, I could see a flash of red panty.

Just then, a stunning blonde was standing next to my table.

"Can I buy you a drink?" She asked.

I looked up at her past her mammoth breasts to a beautiful face and quickly decided, "Yes."

She sat down in the chair next to me and held out her hand, "I am Brenda."

"Hi, I'm Steve." I replied taking her soft hand in mine.

Her nails were also French manicured. I then glanced down at her long legs that were tanned and smooth.

"I don't think I have ever seen you here before." She asked.

"I come in regularly. Just must have not been here at the same time." I responded.

I glanced back at Jane as she glanced at me. I wondered what was going through her mind. I mean usually she gets to flirt and I just watch.

Brenda asked what I was drinking and ordered two drinks when the waitress came by.

"Do you live here in town?" She asked.

"Yes, really pretty close to here. How about you?"

"Yes, I also live just around the corner from here." She answered.

Brenda was wearing my favorite perfume, "Red Door" which more than likely Jane was also wearing tonight. Something about the scent of it makes my cock hard. When women like Brenda and Jane wear it, it has a multiple affect.

"I love your perfume." I said.

"Thank You it is also one of my favorites."

I looked at Jane and she was talking to the guy but he was looking at me as she talked to him.

Usually, I let Jane flirt and flash me until I am in a state of horniness that I just have to have her and then walk up as if I just got there and we go home. I was not sure now how this was going to work because this guy had seen me sitting here.

Brenda and I sat, talked, and had three drinks. Jane and her catch for the night were also on there third or fourth drink and it was obvious that Jane was trying to be a little more flirtatious tonight. I am sure it is because Brenda is sitting next to me and she keeps touching me and putting her hand on my thigh.

I finally decided that it was time to go so I told Brenda, "Let's go up to the bar and see what is happening."

"Ok"

We got up and I purposefully headed in Jane's direction.

I ordered Brenda and me another drink and then turned to Jane.

"Jane?" I asked looking at her.

"Yes." She replied.

"I thought that was you. How have you been?"

"Great and you?" She asked.

"Just great. Oh, this is Brenda. I just met her but we are having a few drinks." I replied.

"This is Rod. We also just met but have been having a great time."

Rod held out his hand and we shook.

"I was just going to ask Jane if she wanted to come over to my house for a few more drinks. Would you guys like to join us?" Rod asked.

OHHHHH FUCK, raced through my mind. This guy was planning on taking my wife home and fucking her.

"Sure. That would be fun." I heard Brenda say from behind me.

"I'm in." Jane responded.

Fuck! I guess I had better say yes or my wife is going to go now that she has spoke up.

"Sure, why not." I responded with a smile on my face.

I really wanted to just take her home and fuck her. The combination of flirting with Brenda, the scent of her perfume and watching Jane flash her panty-covered pussy at me had me ready to fuck.

Rod held out his hand to Jane and asked, "Shall we go?"

Jane took his hand and climbed off the stool saying, "Sure, let's go."

She turned and shrugged at me like "ok let's go."

Brenda then asked, "Steve do you mind if I ride with you?"

"Not a problem. You don't have a car here?" 

"No I rode with a friend and they left. I was just going to take a cab or find a ride home." She replied.

Jane quickly turned with a look of "behave yourself."

I nodded back at her with a "likewise look."

Rod opened the door to the bar and Jane went out first followed by Brenda and myself.

"I am right over there in the Mercedes. Just follow me." Rod informed me.

"Ok, I am right there a few cars down in the Cadillac." I replied.

I walked around the car and opened the door for Brenda. As she walked around me, she brushed her large tits against my arm. When she got in the car, her short skirt rose up her legs. When she sat down her panty covered pussy was staring at me. It was easy to see in the light that they were a very sheer white panty.

I shut the door and went around getting in the car. The interior of the car was filled with the scent of her perfume and her long tanned legs were beautifully stretched out.

I started the car and again realized that peeking at her panties had given me a hard on.

I saw Rod back out and head toward the street so I followed him.

"I appreciate the ride. It might be fun tonight." She said putting her hand on my thigh.

"No problem." I replied not responding to her additional comment.

We only drove about two miles when Rod pulled in front of a beautiful home.

He got out and walked around to open Jane's door.

I also got out and walked around to open Brenda's door. Brenda swung her legs out the door and again I could see her panties. I knew that with the short dress that Jane had on Rod had gotten a similar view of my wife's panty covered pussy.

Rod and Jane walked to the front door and we followed.

Rod opened the door and said, "Come on in and make yourselves at home."

The entrance foyer of the home was magnificent with a large sweeping staircase and a chandelier hanging above a polished marble floor.

"Wow, you have a very nice home Rod." Jane said.

"Thanks. Go on into the next room. There is a bar and I need another drink." Rod said.

Jane wandered through the doorway as Brenda and I followed. Rod came in after shutting the front door and got behind the bar.

"Jane are you staying with the same drink?" He asked.

"Yes, please."

"Steve how about you and Brenda?" He asked.

"I'll have a crown and coke please." I said.

"I'll have a white wine please." Brenda replied.

Rod got our drinks and said, "Let me give you a tour."

We all followed him through the downstairs of the home and ended on the patio.

There was a full kitchen, swimming pool and a hot tub outside.

"Wow, a hot tub." Brenda exclaimed.

"Go ahead and get in." Rod invited.

"I don't have my suit." She replied shyly.

"We are all adults and I'm sure you have nothing under that dress that we have not seen before." Rod prodded her.

Brenda giggled and said, "Ok."

She took off her shoes first and then let the dress she was wearing slip off her shoulders. She pulled it over her large tits and then wiggled it past her hips. It fell to the floor at her feet.

Rod may have seen what she has but the truth is I had never seen a set of tits that were as full and upright as her tits were.

As she stood there in only her thong panties, she looked like a goddess. The lights from inside the house made her skin look soft and radiant. She then hitched her thumbs at the waistband of her panties and pulled them down. She bent over at the waist as she pulled them down, flashing her ass in my direction. She stepped out of them and laid them by her dress.

She turned and asked, "Am I the only one getting in and getting naked?"

I was in awe. Her pussy was shaven smooth and looked like a tight little peach.

I looked at Jane who was looking at her and had a very nervous look on her face.

"Go ahead Jane, get in." Rod now prodded her.

"I don't know?" Jane said.

"Come on." Brenda exclaimed as she stepped in the tub and sat down.

Jane swallowed her drink in one gulp and said, "Oh, alright, what the hell."

"Holy Shit!" my mind said inside my head.

Jane kicked off her shoes and then unzipped her dress. Since there was not much there to begin with it fell to the concrete at her feet. She delicately stepped out of it.

I looked at Rod who was eyeballing my wife like a lion watching it's prey.

As I have said my wife has on helluva body and as she pulled her thong panties down she did so like Brenda did but her ass was facing Rod.

Rod did not miss a moment of it either.

Jane strutted over to the tub and got in.

"Wow, this really does feel nice. Steve come on in." Jane said to me.

I looked over at Rod who was already peeling off his pants. He pulled his shirt over his head and then pulled his boxers down to reveal a semi hard cock. He walked to the tub and got in next to my wife.

Brenda looked at me and said, "Come on Steve."

I kicked off my shoes, pulled my pants down, pulled off my socks, took my shirt off, then tentatively reached for the waistband of my boxers, and pulled them down.

I was slightly embarrassed because I was not semi hard I was fully erect.

I walked to the tub and got in next to Brenda.

Brenda and Jane's tits were both large and they were trying to float in the water.

"Now doesn't that feel good?" Brenda asked me.

"It feels really GOOOD!" I exclaimed and jerked as I felt her hand wrap around my cock.

I was glad the bubbles were hiding the fact that Brenda was stroking my cock from my wife.

Rod draped his arm around Jane's shoulders. His hand was precariously close to touching her tit.

She gave me and odd look and I took it to be that she knew Brenda had her hand on my cock. I am sure the exclamation on "good" and my body jumping gave it away.

Jane's hands were also under the water and when I saw Rod's expression go to one of relaxation, I knew Jane had her hand on his cock.

This had become like a contest to see who would let it go the furthest without saying something.

Rod leaned over slightly and let his hand drape across the top of Jane's tit.

Brenda then took another step and I knew this one was going to be trouble. She crawled in front of me and straddled me. She was facing me and her large tits were floating in the water next to my face. She scooted back and kept stroking my cock.

I glanced across her shoulder to see Rod's hand grab my wife's tit. He began lightly rubbing her nipple. He had his head laid back and was enjoying the massage my wife was giving his cock.

I should say something and stop this. My mind was thinking it but my cock was leading me in a different direction. All it could think about was fucking. And, right now, my cock was the closest to fucking Brenda. 

Brenda leaned forward as her tits pressed against my chest she kissed me. Not just a peck on the cheek or the lips but a full on passionate kiss. I kissed her back.

I could see movement on the other side of the hot tub and looked over Brenda to see Rod getting in front of Jane.

He lifted her out of the water and sat her on the edge of the hot tub. He spread her legs as she did not look at me but intently watched what he was doing. He leaned forward and buried his face between her legs.

She then looked at me and had an "Oh fuck" look on her face.

We both knew where this was headed but I don't think either one of us could or wanted to stop it.

Brenda crawled off me and said, "Sit on the edge of the tub."

I did as she asked and she then got between my legs and sucked my hard cock into her mouth.

I looked at Jane as she watched Brenda swallow my cock. I was expecting rage or jealousy but instead there was a wild-eyed look of complete lust in her eyes.

"OOOOOOOOO FUCK!" Jane moaned as she grabbed Rod's head and pushed it into her pussy.

"My GAWD! I'm cummmming." She moaned again.

Her body jerked with the first spasm of her orgasm. She wrapped her legs over Rod's shoulders and spurred him on.

Just as her orgasm was relenting, she moaned again, "OOOOOHHHHH MY GAWD!" as she had another orgasm.

I looked down at Brenda's head as she bobbed up and down on my cock sucking and stroking it.

Jane then grabbed Rod's head and pulled him away from her pussy. She climbed back into the hot tub but only to turn around and lean against the side of it. She was offering her pussy to Rod.

MY GAWD! My mind raced. I am about to watch another man fuck my wife.

Rod quickly maneuvered into position and grabbed the base of his cock as he guided it to Jane's pussy.

He leaned forward as I watched the head of his cock slip into my wife's pussy. Jane moaned.

He pushed further and more of his cock slipped into her as she moaned, "FUCK YESSSSSS."

He then sank fully into her as she began pushing back at him.

Not to be out done and if she was going to fuck Rod I was going to fuck Brenda. 

I pulled Brenda up and she kissed me again. I turned her around and she immediately leaned over the edge as I positioned my self behind her. 

Her smooth wet pussy was there waiting for my cock as I guided it to her. I felt my cock touch the lips of her pussy and I immediately thought, "my gawd Steve you are about to fuck another woman."

I leaned forward and immediately felt the wet warmth of her pussy surround the head of my cock. I pushed deeper into her until my groin was against her firm, round ass.

I then glanced over at the scene next to me. The water was now sloshing out of the tub from the pounding that Rod was giving to my wife.

I withdrew and then back into Brenda. I then rhythmically began sliding in and out of her hot, wet pussy. I leaned over her because I had to feel those tits. The y were hanging below her body swaying with each of my thrusts. When they say, "more than a handful is wasted", they are wrong. Brenda's tits were real and they melted into my hand as I found her hard nipple and pinched it between by fingers.

"OHHHHH MY GAWD YESSSSSS!" Jane suddenly let loose.

I looked over as she bent clear over the edge of the tub grabbing at its sides, as she was cumming on Rod's cock.

I was in shock at myself because as I watched my wife I could not help but to be excited by the absolute sexiness of her having an orgasm. Her tits were swinging in the water as she was letting out high-pitched screams of pleasure. Her face was glowing and flushed from the rush of blood through her body. She was gorgeous.

I leaned back off Brenda and grabbed her smooth hips and began fucking her hard. The water was sloshing out of the tub as Rod and I continued to fuck our partners.

"Oooooooh fuck Baby I'm going to cum." Rod moaned.

Jane pulled off his cock and spun around sitting in the water. She grabbed Rod's cock and slipped it into her mouth.

She stroked it until he moaned again and shot his load into her mouth.

"OOOOHHHH FUCK BABY! I"MMMMMM CUMMMMING!" Brenda suddenly screamed as she bucked hard against my cock. My groin was slapping against her ass making a loud noise.

I glanced at Jane as she continued to suck Rod's cock until he went soft in her mouth.

"OHHHHH YESSSSS!" I moaned.

"Cum in my pussy!" Brenda said, "I love the feel of cum in my pussy, please cum in my pussy!"

I for some reason slapped her ass with a resounding smack filling the night air and then unloaded my cum deep inside her pussy.

Brenda reached under her and was massaging my balls as I unloaded shot after shot in her pussy.

My cock was going soft and slipped out of her slick pussy.

I sat down and looked across the tub at my wife who was smiling at me.

Brenda turned and sat next to me and said, "My gawd that was wild."

Rod stood up and said, "I am burning up. Too much exercise in a hot tub. I am going to the pool to cool off."

"Great idea." Jane agreed as sweat was rolling off her face. I watched as she stood up. The water rolling down her sexy body was enough to make my cock jump with excitement again.

"Let's join them." Brenda said.

"Sounds good to me."

Brenda and I got out of the tub and headed for the pool. Jane and Rod had already dove in.

Brenda and I joined them.

Jane swam over to me, grabbed my cock, and asked, "Are you OK?"

"Believe it or not yes." I replied.

Jane then hollered out, "Time to swap!"

She kissed me deeply letting her tongue dance against my tongue.

She began stroking my semi rigid cock, leaned against me pressing her tits against my chest, and asked, "Did Brenda take everything out of you or is there something left for me?"

"Just keep doing what you are doing and I'm sure you will have your answer very soon." I replied.
