 After our first meeting with Elaine and Roger it was three months before we heard from them again. I thought we would not hear from them again as the first meeting was chance at our first-time nudist resort visit. What happened is chronicled in a previous story. Suffice to say for months I had thought about that first meeting. My wife Sue and I had talked about it initially, but over time it passed into memory. Sue had been surprised by what happened with them, but never had she said she regretted it.

One day out of the blue Roger called my mobile phone. We talked about the usual stuff, then he said how much Elaine and him wanted to get together again. I said we'd have too soon but we were busy and all. He then suggested the next weekend, Saturday night. He said they'd have us over to their home for dinner. They also had a pool, hot tub, etc. He was coming on strong, not wanting to hear no, even though had he spoken to Sue instead of me he'd have probably heard that right away. I said I'd have to discuss it with her and call him back.

Later that evening at home I told Sue about the call. She rolled her eyes and shook her head saying,

"I thought you got all that nudist camp crap out of your head." 

"Are you kidding? I'm the one who wants to go back there miss prim and proper. I had a blast, no pun intended, and so did you, admit it."

"It was just wrong on so many levels. At our ages."

"Best time is now, kids grown and gone. Let's get together with them, what could it hurt? They're nice. We can do dinner, chat awhile. Same deal as the nudist place, you get uncomfortable and we go. We'll have a safe word so there's no mistake, I said."

After some thought she reluctantly agreed, for me she said, but there better be no funny business this time. Yea, whatever. The next afternoon I called Roger and told him it was a go. He said Saturday evening about seven, bring you bathing suits for the pool even though they're optional he'd said laughing. Then we got to the guy talk when he said,

"Elaine and I had a great time last time. You think you're game again?"

"Me, yes, but Sue is always the unknown variable. Been working on her for years to loosen up more."

"I'll get her and Elaine alone for a talk while you're here. She put her at ease last time."

"Yea, since it started with a massage."

Roger laughed and said he'd speak to Elaine about another one for her. I then told him,

"Look, Sue will never agree to anything too wild, I can tell you. She'll want to leave. You need to play it cool. I'm way more open to stuff than she is."

Roger assured me this wasn't their first Rodeo, and he knew we weren't in the "lifestyle", but that there was always hope. I laughed, said we'd see him on Saturday, and that I'd bring the beer, and we'd bring the desert. 

Saturday took all to long for me too arrive, but it did, and we soon departed for Elaine and Roger's house. It was a little more than an hour from us. During the car ride I got the nervous banter I got when we first went to the nudist camp, which coincidentally was in the same area. Sue asked everything from what did I think would happen this time, and you'd better be ready to get out of there if I say so. Finally, I said, 

"Look, they're good people, older, and they want to be nice. Just loosen up and have fun. After all, we've seen them naked already. No surprises there. Just have a good time. They're not going to do anything you don't want them to do."

With that, it got quiet. We arrived at their house soon after that. I grabbed the beer and Sue had the apple pie we brought for desert and we headed up and knocked on the door. When the door opened you would have thought we hadn't seen each other in years. There were handshakes and hugs from Elaine all around. Roger hugged Sue and she returned it. We got the nickel tour of their beautiful home and went out to their patio and pool. Steaks were on the grill. It all smelled great. There was the general conversation topics, what had we been up to? Had we been back to the nudist camp? They had once. Elaine and Sue sipped on wine, then Elaine asked Sue to help her in the kitchen. This left Roger and me alone on the patio. He leaned in close and said,

"So, you think we'll get you guys naked tonight?"

"Go easy with her." I nodded toward the kitchen.

"I'll leave that to Elaine. She'll talk to her. She has a way about her being a nurse and all."

"Roger, I'm game for almost anything, like I said to you before, but she'll never go for full swap or anything like that. Tonight, or ever."

I took a long good swallow of beer.

"I know, and I don't expect her too, Roger said. "That sometimes takes a long time, and sometimes it is never. Elaine and I have done it, but we're into some lighter play now, soft stuff, don't worry."

"Not me."

Roger then got in close again and said,

"So, if we do all get frolicking around, do you mind if it's recorded?"

"What?"

"I've got some of the house cammed up. I like to record me and Elaine sometimes. She knows."

Well, Sue doesn't, and I wouldn't say anything. Just don't post it to the internet."

"Nope, never, but I'll see you get a copy."

A few minutes later the dinner call came. During the steak, baked potatoes and asparagus there was work talk. Roger was retired from the railroad, but Elaine was still a nurse at one of the local hospitals. Sue and I talked about our jobs, the kids, they're kids and grandkids. I knew Roger was in his late sixties, Elaine a few years behind that. They were a little older than Sue and me in our late fifties. We soon finished dinner, Elaine said for everybody to go back on the patio, she was dumping the dishes in the sink until later. Roger and I went out on the patio, and Sue again helped Elaine to clear away. We talked for a few minutes, then Elaine and Sue joined us, but they had taken the time to change. Both were wearing a linen cover that women generally wear over their bathing suits. I then realized I had left our bathing suits in the car in case the evening hadn't got that far.

"I loaned Sue one of my covers. It's warm out here and we're going in the pool soon," Elaine said.

"Roger, did you check the hot tub?"

"Yes Elaine, it's all good."

After a while of sipping more wine and more beer Elaine announced she was getting in the pool, and for Sue to come with her. She reached into an outside cupboard and got four large towels out which she tossed on the chairs closest to the pool. Then it happened. They both removed their covers and Elaine and Sue were bare ass naked and getting into the pool.

"Hope everything looks familiar Jay" she said walking down into the pool. 

There were mock shivers, it was still summer time. And she and Sue settled in the pool and began chatting. Roger and I looked a one another and practically fell over ourselves stripping down to join them. We were both in the pool with them in under thirty seconds. I got over next to Sue and crouched down next to her. We were all huddled in the shallow section. I leaned in and kissed Sue, while running my hand up her inside left thigh to the sweet spot. To my surprise Elaine's hand was already there, Sue making a slight moan sound as our kiss finished, and we smiled at each other. Roger was on Elaine's other side and seemed to have the same reaction when he found Sue's hand between Elaine's legs. Both were lightly fingering each other, and with the in pool lights I could see Elaine's hand moving up and down Sue's pussy. 

Sue reached over with her free hand and first felt my balls, then slowly began stroking my cock.

"It's such a nice night. Perfect pool weather," said Elaine.

Sue mumbled a "yes", her head sometimes going back in reaction to Elaine's fingering. 

"Sue, rub me harder hon, you won't break anything."

Sue obliged, and Elaine reacted.

"That's it, oh yea. Feels good for both of us. You getting into this, Jay?"

All I could do is nod, totally captivated and excited by what I was seeing. Sue was trembling with excitement as she tried to maintain a rhythm on Elaine's pussy while hers was being played with. She had long let go of my cock, which was in my hand slowly being stroked. I looked down to see Elaine parting Sue's cunt lips, rubbing her clit full out, and Sue tried to do the same for Elaine, though not used to doing it.

"You had a good time at our last get together, didn't you Sue", Elaine asked.

"Yesss", Sue said.

"It felt good then and better now. You came on my hand, remember?"

"OH, YES!!

Sue had her eyes closed, and her breathing was quickened, but she looked over at me with an expression somewhere between confusion and ecstasy. I put my arm around her shoulders and said,

"Hey, it's ok. Go with the feeling. I'm here and you're among friends. Enjoy what's happening. We've been far too long without experiencing different things. Go with it, and don't hold back for me or you. Let yourself go. There's no jealousy or judgement here."

I kissed Sue on the lips and let my tongue find her mouth, then I kissed down her neck and even lightly bit on her ear lobe, which tends to drive her crazy with pleasure. She moaned her acceptance. At that moment I caught a glimpse of Roger. He had a smile on his face like he'd just won the lottery, and a glint in his eye. He winked and nodded at me with approval, and I could see his erection under the water, in his hand as mine was, pumping it ever so lightly as not to rush things. Roger was the quiet one at our last meeting. He liked to watch, and I could see why. He was a few years older than me, as was Elaine, and he had a bigger cock than me by two inches at least. I took notice of it at our first meeting at the nudist resort, and since had entertained the fantasy of seeing him pleasure Sue. That would remain a fantasy if I knew Sue.

Elaine shifted her position in the pool, moving right in front of Sue. Her left hand was below the water on Sue's pussy, as she reached up to the poolside ledge to grab the glasses of wine, handing Sue hers, then draining her own glass in a long swallow.

"Drink up honey", she said to Sue, "there's plenty more where that came from."

Sue took a couple sips from the glass, between her convulsions of pleasure as Elaine continued her clit massage. Surprisingly enough, Sue hung right in there with her hand still on Elaine's pussy. She moved close to Sue, moved in for a hug, putting her free arm around Sue, who did the same to her, handing me both wine glasses, which I put back on the ledge. 

"Still feeling really good isn't it?", said Elaine to Sue, but Elaine was looking at me.

Sue moaned a "yes" again, and as she pulled free from the hug she kissed my wife full on the lips. Sue was surprised but didn't break the kiss. As Elaine did she said;

"Sue honey put your middle finger in me. Do it now, and I'll do you."

I could tell when Sue did it as Elaine reacted with a moan, as did Sue as soon as Elaine responded in kind. 

"Oh, yea Sue, fuck me, yea, god your pussy is tight. Keep going, back and forth, yea."

I could tell both were heavily excited, Sue's nipples were pointing up like an orgasm was imminent. 

I got close to Sue's ear and said;

"You gonna come?"

"Oh god, soon I am."

At that Elaine slowed the fingering and said;

"Move over here." 

She motioned to the concrete steps in the pools shallow corner. She pointed for Sue to sit on the second step against the pool wall. She sat in front of her. Elaine then motioned for Roger and me to join them. She reached down and started on Sue's pussy again and Sue did the same to her.

"Let's suck on our men's cocks for a while. Then we're going to move inside and I'll teach you how to lick pussy and be licked properly."

I moved beside Sue as did Roger to Elaine. I was able to put my left foot on the pool ledge and keep my right foot on the same step as Sue was sitting. This placed my hard cock right at her face level. Roger was similarly standing beside me facing his wife. I put my cock in Sue's open mouth and she took it in moaning still from having her pussy fondled, as did Elaine to Roger. I held the back of Sue's head lightly, feeling the hair bun she did to keep her hair from getting totally wet. With my foot on the ledge I was able to move my hips back and forth, sliding my cock back and forth in her wet, welcoming mouth. Elaine was blowing Roger too, much the same. Both our wives were making the "mmmm" moaning sound as they sucked us. Looking down at Sue, completely being pleasured I said;

"Yea babe suck my cock while Elaine plays with your pussy. Keep playing with hers too. When we go inside I'm going to fuck you so hard."

After about two more minutes I had to pull back out of Sue's mouth. I didn't want to cum yet. Elaine saw my flushed look and said;

"Let's take this inside where it's cooler and more comfortable."

We all started to exit the pool and dry off. Elaine stuck close to Sue, handing her a towel. She got her to smile and giggle a bit. Roger got next to me and said;

"That was so HOT!! Wait just awhile, I think Elaine is going to pay Sue a bit more attention."

"That's fine with me. I've never seen Sue like this. If you get Elaine alone tell her to push lightly, but push."

Roger nodded, saying.

"I told you I've got the house cammed up for security. High Def cameras are getting all the action. I had a small handheld that was waterproof while we were in the pool. Got some amazing closeups."

"That's why you were so off to yourself?"

"Yep. I've got another in the house. Come in with me and I'll show you how it works quick. Might as well get as many on this as we can. I think both of them are going to be expecting a hard fuck in a while."

All of us went into the sunroom just off the pool. The couch, chair next to it and part of the floor were covered in old quilts. This was where we were going to be. Roger came in with the cam and showed me the basic operation. It could be kept in the palm of the hand, barely visible. He said to use it for closeups when we were involved. He said he's catch as much of us if I would do the same for him. I agreed. The wives walked in carrying margaritas for everyone. Both of them already sipping theirs. I took a sip and was floored by the amount of tequila. Elaine smiled at me and winked. Everyone was still naked. Elaine sat on the couch and motioned for Sue to sit next to her. My erection started to return just seeing them both sitting there with their glasses sipping and smiling. I made myself comfortable on the floor, Roger took the chair. His small camera on the arm of the chair where Sue didn't notice. Elaine took her free left hand and reached between Sue's legs. Sue instinctively closed her legs.

"You were really turned on in the pool," she said.

"Yea, it felt really good, just a little sensitive now."

Shit, I thought, that's usually the deal breaker I hear at home. It's the call off.

Elaine was ready for that I guess, saying;

"Shouldn't be. You were doing a great job on me. Drink a big sip of your drink, then put it on that table behind the couch."

Sue drank more than half of what was in the glass, then set it on the table. Elaine did the same, drinking more, and set her glass next to Sue's. Elaine motioned me to get on the couch next to Sue. She turned to face Sue, pulling one leg on the couch, and told Sue to do likewise. Each had one foot on the floor, sitting sideways on the couch. I braced Sue's back, while Elaine had her back to the arm of the couch. Elaine took Sue's right hand and guided it to her pussy, she did the same on Sue's pussy. Sue moaned as Elaine rubbed, pressing back against me. I slid my hands around and held Sue's tits.

"Rub me too Sue." Elaine said.

Sue worked Elaine gently at first, and as Elaine picked up the pace, Sue rubbed more vigorously. Roger sat across the room in an easy chair watching and stroking his cock. I was bracing Sue's back, holding her tits and couldn't stroke my hard on. This lasted only a few minutes when Elaine said,

"Jay, get up and let Sue lay back. I'm going to eat her."

I jumped up so fast in anticipation, Sue almost fell backwards. I caught her and eased her back. When she was flat on her back Elaine raised Sue's right leg up, so it rested on the back of the couch. She motioned me as she took Sue's left leg, bent it up, and took my left hand to brace it just in the crease behind the knee cap. Sue was spread, taking up half the couch, as Elaine got on all fours on the other half, then lowered her head into Sue's spread brunette pussy. Elaine ran her nose up the slit, literally sniffing, parting the hair from the swollen turned on lips and said,

"Oh Sue, you smell delightful. You're drawing me in, mmmmm."

Elaine then started licking my wife's turned on pussy, as I held her leg up. Sue moaned, I leaned over and kissed her mouth lustfully, sticking my tongue in her mouth. She opened her eyes, still in a moan, looked at me and whispered,

"You aren't minding this, right?"

"Not at all. I want you to lose your inhibitions tonight. I want to see you lick Elaine too. I want us to experience this together with them."

Sue, smiled, then closed her eyes and convulsed with pleasure and moaning and several expletives as Elaine ate her deeply, finding her clit and tonguing it. All could hear the sound wet tongue and wet pussy make. Roger had heard and was next to Elaine with the small hand-held camera, getting a closeup of Sue's pussy with Elaine's face buried in it. Elaine continued, getting Sue to a certain point short of orgasm, and after what could have only been five minutes, sat up, motioned me close to her, grabbed me behind my head, and brought me in for a full-on kiss, tongue in my mouth too.

"Taste your wife on my lips?"

I could only shake my head yes. She eased her hold on me, took Sue by both hands and eased her up as she laid back on the couch. 

"Time to reciprocate my love."

Elaine spread her legs much the way she had Sue do moments ago, took her face in her hands and guided her down to her own pussy. Now my wife to my knowledge, had never done this before, but started licking gently.

"Harder Sue, you won't hurt anything," Elaine said.

Elaine reached down and spread her own pussy, so Sue could lick freely. Elaine moaned, and rubbed her clit as my wife ate her out, Sue now crouched on all fours licking away. I kneeled on the floor beside her, watching as she was eating pussy, holding the camera Roger had given me earlier as close as I could get it. Elaine moaned and moved, still helping Sue by holding her now wet cunt open.

"Oh, yea Sue, eat my pussy. It feels fantastic. So wet, OHHH YES!!"

Roger went over to his wife, leaned in and kissed her. She reached up and stroked his cock, pulling it towards her mouth. He had to squat practically but got his cock in her mouth and moved back and forth moaning. Still kneeling beside Sue, I moved to her rear and kissed her ass cheeks, then ran my finger up her pussy slit. She shuddered but kept licking. Another minute and Elaine was sitting up ending the oral.

"If you do much more of that sweetie, I'm going to come, and I think there's two stiff cocks that want in us. Fuck Sue you did that well."

Sue had sat up to a kneeling position on the couch, resting her arms on the couch back. She smiled and took a sip of her drink. I continued to massage her ass cheeks, leaning in to kiss them. Elaine noticed and said,

Looks like someone's not done playing yet. Let me help you."

Elaine scooted close to Sue.

"Honey spread your legs and bend over more."

As Sue complied, Elaine spread Sue's ass cheeks. Sue's naturally flinched.

"Stay put Sue, someone's going to have a fantasy come true. You like this as don't you, said Elaine to me.

"Yes, and all it's connected to as well."
