 I was at an academic conference, out of the country, last week. The whole thing had been fairly routine until I attended a paper given by a young Russian woman, Maria K___. Her paper was very good, but what struck me even more was how exceptionally pretty she was. How can I describe her? She was about 21 years old, around five feet tall with short red-brown hair and hazel eyes. Her breasts were small, but they were that very perky type that seemed to want to thrust their way through the top that she was wearing. She also had a very soft, sexy voice. Well the advantage of a paper presented by a pretty girl is that you can sit in the audience and stare at her as much as you want without appearing rude. So there I was listening to the paper, enjoying the view, and occasionally getting distracted by sexual fantasies when, about three-quarters of the way through the session, in walked another distraction. A blonde woman, in her early twenties quietly opened the door at the front of the lecture hall and slipped into a vacant seat a few rows in front of me. She was wearing a stretch-fit, sleeveless T-shirt that showed of her tanned arms, flat stomach and a pair of exceptionally large tits. So I spent the rest of the paper switching between staring at the presenter and casting sidelong glances at the blond woman's tits. At the close of the paper I managed to get a closer look at the blonde's name badge (while ogling her tits it must be said) and found out she was called Allie.

A few hours later I was taking my turn at managing the conference office. Nothing much was happening and I was alone in the office sitting behind the front desk. At this point who should walk in but Maria. She had some query about train times to the airport, which I answered, we then moved on to an intense discussion about her paper. After a while she came around and sat on the corner of my desk, which had the distracting effect of putting those perky little breasts at about my eye level. I found myself paying more and more attention to her slim, young body and sexy smile and less and less to the subject of our discussion. Suddenly I found myself saying, almost without thinking "You are extraordinarily pretty, may I kiss you?" To my surprise rather than slapping me, her smile deepened and she said, "Yes, please."

So I leaned over, intending to give a tender and brief kiss on those sweet lips. Our lips met and she felt cool and delicious. I was pleasantly surprised that as I was about to draw away her hand slipped round my neck to hold me to her, then she started to kiss me passionately. Needless to say I responded to this fortunate turn of events and soon our tongues were exploring each other's mouths. Still kissing I got out of my chair and she immediately wrapped her legs around me. I slid my hands down her back to her bottom and pulled her tightly against me so she could feel the hardness between my legs.

I moved backwards until my back was against the wall. After a moment she untangled her legs. Now standing she dropped one of her hands between us and explored my hard cock through my trousers. Taking this as a signal to progress I broke contact with her mouth and started to unbutton her silk top. Between each button I paused to nibble and kiss her ears and neck. At the same time she unbuckled my belt and unzipped my flies. Once her blouse was undone I opened it and pushed it back down her arms until it fell to the floor. Her breasts were small but perfectly formed about the size of sweet apples; her nipples were surprisingly large and already hard, begging to be suckled. I bent my head and took her right nipple in my mouth. Maria now had her hand inside my boxer shorts and was stroking my balls and sliding her cool fingers gently up and down my cock. I pulled on her right nipple with my lips and then did the same to the left one; in response she moaned and wrapped her fist around my cock. I licked her breasts and found that by opening my mouth wide I could take almost her whole breast into my mouth. 

After a while she pulled away and sank to her knees in front of me. She took my cock and rubbed it over both her cheeks smearing them with my pre-cum. Then looking me in the eyes she reached out with her pointed tongue and licked the tip. Involuntarily my hips thrust forward, my cock begging entrance to her wet mouth. She smiled, moved her mouth to base of my cock and then kissed her way up to the head. Next she slid her lips over the head taking it into her warm mouth. Her pretty young face looked really sexy with her lips stretched wide around me. I gently stroked her the back of her head to encourage her. Slowly she slid her lips further down until about two thirds of my cock was in her mouth. Then she pulled back until I nearly escaped form her mouth. She repeated this slowly several times, each time taking slightly more of me. I kept stroking her hair as I watched her, but it was taking all my control to stop me from just grabbing her head and fucking her mouth. 

Maria must have sensed my tension. She let my cock slide all the way out of her mouth, sat back on her haunches and looked up into my eyes. She started to gently wank me with her right and fondled my balls with her left. Next she took the head of my cock back into her mouth and started to bob her head back and forth in counterpoint to the movements of her right hand. As her lips moved back and forth over the sensitive ridge she swirled her tongue round the helmet. I knew I couldn't hold out much longer and started to thrust my hips in time with her rhythm. 

Suddenly I heard the sound of the office door handle. Maria and I both froze. Realising that a pile of boxes on the desk would hide her from view I put one hand on her head to hold her in place. I fought to get my breathing under control as the door opened. 

Who should walk in but Allie (the blonde with the big tits)! Allie walked over to the desk, she was, of course, still wearing the same figure-hugging top she had had on earlier. Again I couldn't keep from staring at her magnificent breasts. My cock had deflated somewhat because of the shock of the door opening although it was still nestled in Maria's mouth. However, the sight of Allie's breasts caused it to start to swell again. Maria took this as a sign to resume her attentions, although slightly less vigorously than before. Meanwhile Allie started to talk to me about Maria's paper. She had been very impressed and wanted to talk discuss the ideas further. Where was Maria now she wanted to know, and how could she get in touch with her? Dragging my eyes to her face, I replied that I thought Maria was busy at the moment but if she would leave her details on a piece of paper then I would ensure that Maria got in touch. Allie moved to pick up a pen from the desk and froze. 

"I can see how busy she is", Allie said, "but she does look sexy with her mouth full of cock."

I realised that in reaching for the pen Allie had been able to see round the boxes. I also noticed, because my eyes had dropped straight to their preferred view, that as soon as she had seen Maria at work her nipples had hardened. They were now poking through her bra and tight top like rubbers on the end of pencils. 

"If you want to watch, why don't you come round this side of the desk? But lock the door on your way so that we're not interrupted again."

Allie did as I asked, flipping the sign on the door from open to closed at the same time. Once she was on our side of the desk Allie stood where she had a good view of my cock sliding in and out of Maria's mouth. Allie's nipples were now rock hard, and every so often, almost unconsciously she would bring up one of her hands and brush the tip. On one of these occasions she saw me staring.

"Why don't I give you a better view?" she said, and proceeded to peel off her top. Then she unclasped her bra and let it fall to the floor exposing her breasts to my avid gaze. She proceeded to push her breasts together and rub and pull at both of her nipples while her gaze was fixed on Maria. Meanwhile Maria had increased her pace and was working away at my cock with her mouth and one hand while the other cupped my balls. I was close to cumming and Maria sensed it. She took my cock from her mouth and said, "I want you to fuck me."

I took her hand and pulled her to her feet. "OK, " I replied, "just do as I tell you."

At the back of the office was a large, low, solid coffee table flanked by a couple of armchairs. I asked Allie to lie on the table on her back and spread her legs so that her feet were on the floor either side of the table. Once she was in position I told her to play with her breasts. Turning to Maria I said, "Take your panties off. No, leave your skirt and high heels on. Now kneel on the table between her legs." At this point I came up behind Maria and reached round to hold a breast in each hand. "Now, lean forward and suck Allie's tits. I want to see you give them all the attention they deserve". Maria hesitated, so I pressed my cock against her buttocks and tweaked her nipples. "If you want me to fuck you, you need to do this." She leaned forward and put her hands either side of Allie's body, then she bent her head to one of Allie's breasts and took a nipple into her mouth. "Good," I said and lifted up the back of her short skirt to expose her buttocks. I could see her damp pussy glistening invitingly between her legs. I reached down and slipped a finger into her wetness. "Harder, suck them harder" I told her as I pushed a second finger into her tight hole. She started to suck Allie's tits with abandon. As I removed my fingers Maria pushed her bottom into the air desperately seeking something to fill her. I moved up behind her and pushed my engorged cock hard into her pussy, until I was in her silky wet hole all the way to my balls. I held still for a moment and reached round to squeeze her little tits with one hand, with the other I found her clit and started to rub. She thrust her hips up against me, still sucking and licking Allie's large breasts. I started to thrust in and out, of her tight cunt, enjoying the feel of this young girl round my cock. Allie had slipped a hand between her legs and looking down I could see that she had unzipped her tight jeans. Through her transparent knickers I could see two of her fingers thrusting into her own hole. I couldn't last much longer and I thrust away like mad, my balls banging against Maria's bottom. As I thrust into her, her face was buried deeper in Allie's breasts. Allie's fingers worked fasted and suddenly she started to cum. This sight pushed me over the edge and my cock shot load after load of my spunk into Maria's pussy. As my thrusts started to slow, Allie reached up, grabbed Maria's head in her hands and kissed her deeply. I emptied myself with I final deep thrust and at that moment Maria finally came, her body shuddering beneath me.

After a moment I slipped out of Maria and stepped back. I stood for a couple of minutes while we all got our breaths back and admired the view. Maria looked adorably slutty with her head pillowed on Allie's breasts, her bottom in the air, her skirt around her waist and my spunk oozing out of her cunt. 

Realizing that the next conference session was about to finish and there would soon be people coming to the office we quickly tidied ourselves up. Before the girls left I asked them if I could take them to dinner that evening. They both agreed, and Allie added "and afterwards it will be my turn to get a good shagging!" 

That evening we had a long leisurely dinner and an intense discussion about the conference. Afterwards Allie took us back to her room where I did indeed get to give Allie the good hard fuck she wanted. Later that night we introduced Maria to her first experience of anal sex. 

In the morning I woke to the delicious sensation of two beautiful women sucking and licking my cock. Before we went down to breakfast I got to watch my spunk spraying over two eager faces and two pairs of very sexy, if very different, tits.

After breakfast we said our goodbyes and set off to catch our flights home to our different countries. All in all it was a very satisfying conference. Maybe I'll bump into the girls again at the next conference, or maybe I'll have to find someone else!