 This is Chapter 3 of the story "Our Song". You are encouraged to read Chapters 1 and 2 to get the full context of the story, but in case you don't, here's a short recap.

On Chapter 1, Owen, the narrator, a regular guy working as a software engineer in a startup, meets Song, a doctor on her third and last year of her residency. Song has a healthy sexual appetite, and the two click right away, both sexually and emotionally, and fall in love.

On Chapter 2, Song reveals to Owen the fact of her being bisexual. She tells him that after her roommate, Jessica, who was also her lover, throws her out of the apartment. Owen invites her to live with him. Song tells him about her relationship with Jessica, including the fact she was sleeping with her also after she and him started dating. He forgives her for that. By the way, she gives him an account of her sexual history. She tells him about her first sexual encounter, which was with a girl, back in collage. She also tells him about how she was missing having sex with men when she was with Jessica, and how she coped with it by having meaningless sex with interns at the hospital, until she met him.

===============

Song and I tried to be together as much as we could, but since she was a resident of internal medicine, she had night shifts two or three times every week. But even on these nights, although she was busy caring for patients, she did think about me, and felt she had to take care of me, both emotionally and sexually.

On these nights, she and I corresponded using WhatsApp. Song was usually checking on my masturbation, making sure I had already jerked-off, or was about to. She felt the need to provide me with things to think about when doing so, so she would write about things she would do to me, or things she wanted me to do to her. Sometimes she would send me a noddy picture of herself, she had taken in the bathroom. For example, one night, after a patient has vomited on her, she took a shower, and then sent me a selfie of herself, fully naked. Sometimes she would dare me to send her noddy pictures of myself, mainly of my dick, as I was masturbating. I liked these conversations very much, and I believe she did too.

One night, for example, a few weeks before she confided in me for being bisexual, Song wrote to me:

"Hi Owen, are you jerking-off?"

"Hello to you too," I answered with a bit of sarcasm. "I miss you too."

"Of-course I miss you. Are you jerking-off?"

"I can't," I replied, "My hands are on the phone screen..."

"Smartass... But before I contacted you, were you jerking-off?"

"Not yet. I'm still finishing a few things. I'll get to bed in a few minutes."

"And when you're in bed in a few minutes, will you jerk-off?" she badgered me.

"I believe I will," I replied.

"Great! And when you'll be jerking-off, who will you be thinking about?"

"Oh, I don't know," I teased her, "there are a few candidates..."

She took the bait.

"A few candidates you say. A few candidates at once?"

"Well, I'm not sure I can do a few candidates at once."

"Doing something and imagining it are two completely different things," she noted.

"You're right. So maybe I will think of a few candidates at once."

"A few candidates and me maybe?" she asked, "I'd love to join the party!"

"Sure, it's settled," I wrote, "A few candidates and you, in my head a few minutes from now."

"Great! And then you'll jerk-off?"

What was not clear in the phrase "in my head"? Song always insisted on being so explicit.

"Yes, and then I'll jerk-off. I'll jerk-off while imagining myself fucking a few candidates and you."

"Yoopi! A fuck party in your head!" she wrote. "And I'm invited!"

I tried to imagine this "fuck party", but could not think of any "candidates". No girl I could think of would compare to Song.

After a minute or so, Song wrote me a message with a less cheerful tone.

"I'm sad that I make you spend so many nights alone."

"You don't make me," I wrote, trying to show her the full half of the glass. "Thanks to you I'm not along most of the time."

"But you still have these nights alone, and have to masturbate yourself to sleep. I feel bad my pussy is not there with you to keep you company."

"That's OK, you give me plenty of things to imagine while I make myself happy."

She sent me a smiley, but then returned to her more serious tone:

"If you want to find some pussy to fuck when I'm not around, I'm good with that."

I was shocked by the offer, and had no intention to even consider it, but she continued:

"Maybe even I can help you find someone..."

I took a minute or two to find the right words, but finally I wrote it in a language I was sure she'd understand.

"The only pussy I want to fuck is your pussy. And if your pussy is not here, I will wait until it comes, and then I'll make sure it cums."

I guess she liked the pun, because she sent me a laughing smily and a heart.

Then I thought that maybe she was lonely and maybe she wanted my blessing to do it with someone at the hospital.

"Are you suggesting this because you want to fuck someone there?" I asked her, with shaking hands.

"No way!" she wrote. "The only dick I want inside me is yours. I just want you to be happy."

As I promised her, the moment the conversation was over I took off my clothes and climbed into bed. I took my penis in my hand and started masturbating. I wanted to think about Song, as I usually did, but the offer Song has made was just too good. I couldn't imagine myself doing it with anyone else when she was not around, but I was able to imagine myself doing it with someone else, next to her. I didn't imagine anyone specific. There was no face there, just two breasts and a pussy. I was fucking this pussy as Song was watching. Then I imagined Song and the faceless girl kissing. That turned me on so much that I came loudly, both in my head and in real life.

==============

In the following few weeks, this topic, of having someone else join our sex lives, did not come up. But about a week after she told me she was bisexual, I finally understood what this conversation was really about.

It started as a normal evening. I came home after work. Song was already home, resting after a long night shift, sitting on the couch with her laptop. As I went in she put her laptop aside and jumped in my direction, hugging and kissing me, like she normally did. Then, like in most of our evenings together, she led me to the bedroom and took off her shirt and her panties, and lay naked on the bed. She invited me to join her, so I took off my clothes and lay on top of her.

"Fuck me!" she said, and I complied.

I came first, and wanted to go down on her to make her cum too, but she told me she was OK with masturbating. I watched her finger expertly massaging her cute little clit, and kissed her as she came vocally. We hugged for a short while, and then we got dressed again, and went to the kitchen to eat.

She surprised me with a Thai salad she prepared, with onion, garlic, coriander, chili, and bean noodles. It was fantastic.

"What's the occasion?" I asked her, as this was the first time she made food for me (for fairness, we have only lived together for one week).

"No occasion," she said. "I love you, and I love food, and I'm glad we live together and I can make food for you from time to time."

As we ate she asked me about my day and I asked her about hers. After we were done, she took our dishes to the sink, and returned to sit next to me near the counter.

"I wanted to ask you something," she said. "Promise me you'll consider it before turning me down."

"I promise," I said.

"OK, well I told you I was bi."

After she said this, she looked at me to see my reaction. Maybe she thought I forgot all about it, or was in denial.

"I understand you are," I assured her.

"So, as a bi, I'm attracted to both men and women. People think it's a blessing, and I can choose who I want to be with out of the entire population of the world, and not be confined to only half, like people of other sexual orientations. Unfortunately, this is not how it works. At least not with me. When I was with Jessica I was missing having sex with men. Now when I'm with you..."

She paused for a moment, and looked straight into my eyes. Her eyes looked sad. She continued:

"... I'm missing having sex with a woman."

I didn't know what to say, or even what to think. For a moment I felt betrayed, because I just forgave her for cheating on me with a woman. Now she wants my blessing to go fuck one? But before I could say anything, she went on, explaining herself.

"Look, I don't want to just go fuck around. I love you, and our relationship is the single most important thing in my life. But I do have this need, and as much as I'm trying, I can't suppress it. And you, as considerate as you are, and I really really love you for that, you can't give me that thing missing in my life."

"So, what DO you want?" I asked her, patting her on her arm.

"I want us to find someone whom both of us like, and fuck her together."

I was in shock. My hand, that was previously caressing her arm, froze, and so did the rest of my body. I just stared at her, not believing what she just proposed.

"You want... what??" I finally managed to ask.

"I want us to find a girl, who is bi, like me, who would want to join us for an evening of sex. And if it would work out, maybe more than just one evening."

Now my heart started racing. What Song has just described sounded like every man's fantasy — having sex with two women, and more than that — watching them having sex with each other. I was aroused by only the thought. Usually, men hide these fantasies from their female partners. No woman in her right mind would share her man with another woman. But here, the woman I loved, the woman I would do anything for, has just suggested, that she and I would find some other woman, whom both of us like, and fuck her together.

Song noticed how I dwelled, and kissed me softly on my cheek.

"How do you feel about my proposal?" she asked.

"How should I feel? It's every man's dream!" I answered, smiling.

"But is it this man's dream?" she asked, pointing at my chest.

"Well, I had that fantasy of being with two women at once, way before I knew you," I explained. "But now that we are together, I'm getting so much from you, both emotionally and sexually, that I don't really need anyone else."

"But I do," she said quietly.

"I know, and I'm willing to give it to you," I assured her, "and I am going to be with you every step of the way."

She smiled and kissed me passionately.

"So, you'll do it with me? You'll fuck some girl with me?"

"I'm with you all the way," I told her.

"And you'll go 'all the way' with that other girl, right?" she asked jokingly.

"I will, if you want me to," I said. "But now, I want to go 'all the way' with you. I'm so horny I might explode."

We went to bed and fucked. This time, we were both so aroused that we both came fast. We lay on the bed for a while, cuddling. When we both got our breath back I asked:

"But how are we going to find someone? I mean, how are we going to find someone who wants to have a threesome with a couple?"

"There are hookup websites," she explained. "These are like dating websites, but for sex only."

"I don't think many guys appreciate the difference," I said. "I think they are looking for sex in dating websites too."

"Maybe, but in these websites you can say you're a couple looking for a woman for sex. Not a man looking for a woman to merry and have two children and a poodle."

"I understand."

"I looked at some of these websites in the last few days. Some are awful, probably fronts for prostitution services. But I found one website that looks legit. Of-course, call-girls manage to make their way into this site too, but I believe I'm able to tell who is a real girl who's really looking to get hooked up, and who's there working. Actually, I was just visiting this site when you came home..."

She got out of the bed and ran to the living room to grab her laptop. I jumped after her. I like watching her walking around the house naked. The windows were closed, so no one saw anything, but yet it felt bold to me to walk naked like that.

She returned, and we sat on the edge of the bed, as she opened her laptop. It was open on a page that indeed looked like a hookup website. The site's title featured an erotic picture of a naked woman hiding behind a naked man, whose penis was out of the frame.

Below the title there was a search box, allowing visitors to specify what they wanted. Song selected a gender — female, sexual orientation — bisexual, an age range around ours, and a location, in the greater Pittsburgh area. Then she hit "search".

After a second or two, the page refreshed and a list of women, with names, ages and pictures, appeared. Most of the pictures were provocative, as you would expect in such a website. Many girls took pictures in lingerie, or otherwise partial clothing. Some took pictures naked, but with their privates out of the frame. Few girls took regular photos, with clothes on. Song clicked on one of those.

"This girl looks like the real deal," she said.

The page refreshed, and a large picture of this girl — Nathalie, age 31, appeared. She was wearing Jeans and a large sweater. She had long, dark hair. Her face looked pleasant.

"Do you like her?" Song asked me.

"I don't know her," I replied with a smile.

Then Song decided, as she did many times before, to be more precise about what she was asking me:

"Would you fuck her?"

My heart started racing. All of the sudden, this became real. Song was showing me a picture of a girl who was actually looking to have sex, and was asking me if I was interested in fucking her.

"I believe I would," I said in a voice that tried to be as calm as possible. "Would you?"

"I believe I would," she repeated my words. "She looks pretty sexy. What do you think about her boobs?"

"Well, it's hard to tell from here," I said, smiling. "They look big, but I can't tell how big. It's hard to see with all these clothes..."

"Well, you're right," she said. "We need to ask her to get here and strip off these clothes for us."

I looked at Song, pondering.

"Do you think she'll do it? Strip all her clothes for us?"

"Well," she said, "this is what people usually do before they fuck..."

Song probably wanted me to grasp the idea, that we are going to fuck some girl together. This was not just some theoretical thought experiment. This was us finding a girl to have a threesome with.

"But how do we contact her?" I asked.

"That's easy. We need to create an account. It costs a little money. That's on me. Then we need to create a profile. We'll create one for the two of us, as a couple. Then we will contact her."

"OK, let's do this," I said.

Song hit the "Join" button, filled in some necessary details, and then her credit-card details. Then the profile page appeared.

"We need to create a profile photo," she said. "Let's lie down."

She lay down on the bed, prone, taking the laptop in front of her. I lay down next to her. Then she hit the "take a picture" button on the profile page.

"Are you sure?" I asked. "We're naked!"

"We are," she said, smiling. "That's the whole idea. It's sexy to see us both naked in bed. But my nipples are covered by the sheets, and you're not revealing anything."

"OK, go ahead," I agreed.

She took the picture. Indeed, it was very sexy. I still wasn't convinced I wanted such a picture posted on the Internet, but I guessed she had more to lose, so I went along. She looked at me one more time for confirmation before hitting the "Upload Picture" button. A spinner showed for a few seconds as the picture was being uploaded, and then our picture appeared on our profile page. Song added some basic details, only our first names, stating she was bisexual and I was straight, and submitted the profile. 

Then she performed the search again, and opened Nathalie's profile.

"Shall I contact her?" she asked me. "Or do you want to browse some more?"

"No, she'll do for now," I said.

Song hit the "Contact" button, and a text box appeared.

"What shall I write?" she asked me.

"I don't know. The truth?"

"What, that we saw her picture and were wondering about what her boobs looked liked without her cloths," Song asked, smiling. "Or that we both agreed we'd fuck her?"

"Ok, maybe not the whole truth..."

Song started writing a banal message:

"We saw your profile and liked it. Would you like to meet?"

She looked at me for confirmation and I nodded. Then she clicked "Send".

We lay there on the bed, waiting for a reply. We knew it could take hours, maybe days, until she looked at the site, and she could also ignore the message and never reply. Nevertheless, we waited there, on the bed, in front of the laptop, once in a while touching the trackpad, not allowing the screen to turn off.

And finally, only ten-or-so minutes afterwards, a response came:

"Hi, I'm Nathalie. You look cute together, and I'd be happy to meet you. Feel free to call me."

She provided her phone number. I jumped out of the bed to bring my phone. This time Song jumped after me, probably to see me walking naked around the house.

I dialed the number she sent, and activated the speaker. A woman's voice answered.

"This is Nathalie," the voice said.

"Hi Nathalie," said Song. "I'm Song and Owen is here with me."

"Hi Nathalie," I said.

"Hi Song, hi Owen," Nathalie said.

"So we saw your profile, and your picture," Song said, "and we liked them very much."

"Thanks," Nathalie said. "I liked your picture too. You look like a really nice and sexy couple."

"Thank you," Song said. "Would you like to meet us? Or maybe talk more over the phone to get to know each other?"

"Sure. We can talk on the phone some more," Nathalie said.

"Well, we're a couple," Song said. "We know each other a little over two months. Owen is straight, but I'm bisexual."

"So you are looking for a woman," Nathalie made sure she understood.

"Yes, one we'd both like, and one who will like us both."

"And you hope that would be me?" Nathalie asked.

"We hope so," Song said. "Can you tell us a little about yourself?"

"Sure. I'm Nathalie, I'm currently not in a relationship, but when I have been, it has always been with men. But I like women too."

"'Like' as in..." Song wanted to make sure they were on the same page.

"I like fucking them," Nathalie made sure she was understood correctly. "I like fucking men too, of-course."

I felt an erection building up.

"Great," Song said. "Owen and I like fucking each other. We already did it twice this evening, and I think there's going to be a third," she looked at me with a noddy grin. "But I am missing doing it with a woman. Do you know the feeling?"

"I do," Nathalie said. "I used to cheat on my boyfriends with women. This never ended well of-course."

"I also cheated on Owen with a woman, but he forgave me."

Song looked at me, and a I smiled at her. She continued.

"So I don't want to do it behind his back. I want to find someone whom both of us can enjoy together."

"I understand," said Nathalie. "I never did it with a couple before, but you guys look cute. If you want, we can meet somewhere and see where it leads us."

"Great," Song said.

We agreed to meet on the next day at the cafe where Song and I had our first date. We said our goodbyes and closed the call. Then, Song and I, aroused by the idea of Nathalie wanting to meet us, fucked for the third time that evening, in front of Nathalie's profile that was still open on Song's laptop.

=================

Song and I, eager to meet Nathalie, came to the cafe about ten minutes before the agreed-upon time. We sat down and ordered hot beverages. Nathalie was late about five long minutes. When she arrived, Song waved at her, and she joined our table. Song and I introduced ourselves, and she introduced herself. Then we gave her one of our menus, and when she decided what she was going to have, I waved the waitress and she took her order as well.
