  All characters are above the age of 18 unless otherwise specified. 

Please read the first installment of this series for context.  

*********

"So? Are we doing this again?" my husband Steve asked.

He lay in bed spooning next to me, his hand gently rubbing my bicep.

I turned my head back to look at him. I was surprised he even had to ask. We had just concluded a marathon session with Elliott, our first ever threesome. I had absolutely loved it, especially being with a woman for the first time.

I leaned in and kissed Steve. His lips were slightly coarse, but always felt comforting and familiar to me.

"Of course. I don't know about you..." I did really. What man wouldn't love having two women devote themselves to pleasuring him? His partially-erect cock pressing against the back of my thigh certainly suggested an answer. "But I fucking loved it."

"Me too, honey." He kissed my shoulder. "I just wanted to make sure you were okay with it."

I smiled. Always the gentleman. "Of course. I'm really looking forward to the next one. Double the cocks, and all for me!"

"Me too," Steve concurred. I turned to him with an inquisitive look on my face. "Well, uh, not the 'double cock for me' part, but the anticipation part," he quickly corrected himself.

"You had me confused for a second," I laughed. "Do you have any one in mind yet?"

I had put a lot of thought into my selection. I wanted to make her someone who we could both agree on, would have experience in the situation, and wouldn't have any emotional ties toward us. The discreetness was just an added bonus.

Of course, knowing my husband, and most men, he undoubtedly wouldn't have put in as much effort as me. 

"Yeah," Steve answered. "I kind of already asked Dan, and he said he would be more than happy to do it."

"Dan? As in your friend?" I asked.

"Yeah. Why? Is that a problem?" Steve asked.

"No, no, of course not," I lied.

Ugh, shit! I guess I shouldn't have been surprised. Dan was one of Steve's closest friends. He'd be a natural choice.

Dan was 36, five years older than me. He had joined the Marines out of high school and worked with Steve during his physical therapy a few years back. The two got to know each other and became close friends.

They couldn't have been more opposite either. Steve was tall, a little lanky, with short brown hair and a naturally cheery countenance. He was a little bit of a nerd, and he'd do sweet little things for me all the time just because. I loved him to death, but he was not the type of guy I'd want on my side for a zombie apocalypse.

Dan, on the other hand, was about as tall, but way more muscular. He hadn't ever stopped working out after leaving the military, which resulted in a chiseled body that his carousel of girlfriends loved. He had quite a few tattoos on his arms and chest, and he kept his head shaved. Dan was one hell of an intimidating man, but was actually quite gentle once you got to know him. I wouldn't have had a problem with him. Except...

At our absolute lowest point as a couple, when Steve had been working away from home for what seemed like months at a time and leaving me alone, Dan and I had hooked up once when he was gone. I was over at his apartment late at night, hanging around after a cocktail party he had thrown for Cinco de Mayo. It was incredibly stupid on my part. I liked Dan, and found him pretty charming and sexy, but I always held the opinion that those feelings were perfectly natural, even for married people. What separated the wheat from the chaff was not putting yourself in a position to act on those feelings.

I was the chaff. I was very tipsy and hadn't had sex with Steve in two months. Dan was drunk too, and his weak protests about not wanting to hurt Steve didn't stop me. One thing led to another, and I didn't leave Dan's apartment until noon the next day. 

But both of us swore never to do anything like it again. I had felt awful cheating on Steve, which is when I realized we needed to take time to fix our relationship. Dan agreed it was a stupid, drunken decision and he really didn't want to hurt his friend. In a way, it had actually been helpful in restoring our marriage. 

That had been a year ago. Nothing had happened since then, and I don't think either of us wanted anything to. Steve never found out of course. But he and I were working hard to mend our relationship and were in a much better place now. Still, I was afraid that him choosing Dan would open up a can of worms.

"You sure it's okay?" Steve asked. "I want you to feel completely comfortable and willing. You have veto power, remember?"

His words snapped me back. "Yeah, I remember. Dan is a great decision, sweetie," I said, unsure of what I was saying. I didn't know if I believed that. But I certainly didn't want to tell Steve why. 

"Good. It's gonna be amazing. I just know it," Steve said, pulling me tighter into his warm embrace. 

"Yeah," I waveringly replied. "I'm sure it will be."

***

"Hey," I texted. By the next day, I had finally worked up the nerve to talk to Dan.

"Hi, what's up?" he quickly replied.

"I think you know. Did Steve ask you?"

"About the event?" Dan replied after a minute.

"Yes, the threesome. You don't have to be coy."

"Did you say yes to it?" he asked.

"Yeah," I answered.

"Good. I'm looking forward to it."

"But we need to talk about this. I want to make it clear: I didn't ask Steve to choose you. He did it all himself."

"Okay..."

"I would never take back what happened between us. It might have fixed my marriage. But it can't happen again either."

"I know."

"This doesn't mean that we're going to do anything else, or that I want to do it again."

I wasn't sure if I was telling Dan this for him, or for me. But I needed to establish my boundaries. This new kind of life Steve and I were exploring was already improving our marriage, and I didn't want anything to derail that now.

"I totally understand. I'm in the same boat as you."

"Good. I just wanted to clear the air and make sure you know."

"Alright. When are we doing it?"

"I don't know. Steve's going to set it up."

"Well I'll be counting down the days."

I sighed. "Me too," I guiltily replied.

"Glad to hear it. So how did you like your first woman?"

I rolled my eyes. Steve must have told him. "Did Steve tell you?"

"Yeah. I'm sure it would have been better to see though."

"Honestly, it was pretty great. I could definitely do it again."

"Maybe invite me next time. Or send a video at least."

"Ha, I don't think so. Don't press your luck."

"Alright, alright. No harm in trying."

"Hey, I can still veto you."

"But you wouldn't do that to me, would you?"

"... No."

"I know. I'm really looking forward to seeing you again."

"You're looking forward to just seeing me?"

"Well, maybe a little more. I'm a guy, it's only natural."

"As long as it only stays inside the threesome."

"I know. You made it clear."

"Good. Then everything will be great."

"Of course it will be great. And soon too, I hope."

I set my phone down. Dan was such a flirt. But I had done what I needed to do. I felt a little more reassured in the strict boundaries I had set. 

What I hadn't realized while texting him was how wet I had gotten. I could feel my panties clinging to my pussy lips. God, that was so terrible. Thinking about Dan shouldn't have turned me on that much.

But at the same time, I knew when he got his hands on me again, it would be incredible. For now though, I had to relieve the burning in my pussy. Steve wouldn't be back from the store for half an hour. I had plenty of time.

***

Steve rang the doorbell to Dan's apartment. I would have preferred to be at our house, but Steve was the one in charge of coordinating this time. 

Dan answered the door. He was dressed in only skinny jeans and a tight t-shirt that clung to his ripped figure. 

"Hey, man," he said, drawing my husband into a brief hug. "Come on in. You look fabulous, Caroline," he remarked as I walked past him.

I smiled, glad that my work was appreciated. I had taken a lot more time than usual to do my makeup and even curled my hair a little. I had on a light sun-dress that was definitely on the more provocative side of my wardrobe (admittedly, that's not saying much). The deep neckline showed off a fair amount of cleavage, and the bottom came to an end an inch or two above my knee. 

What had made me feel extra sexy was the lack of a bra. I wasn't sure if Dan or my husband had noticed, but it wasn't something I did often. This was a special occasion though.

"Why thank you," I replied. "You don't look so bad yourself."

"I'm sure I look like a supermodel too," Steve cut in jokingly. "You two are just so intimidated by my good looks that you wouldn't dare mention it."

"Uh-huh. Sure Fabio," Dan replied.

"Hey, watch it. I've got the booze," my husband said, lifting up the six-pack we had brought.

"Which we should get started on. Immediately."

"Great minds think alike," Steve said. He walked towards Dan's kitchen, leaving us alone in the big living room.

"Hey," Dan said quietly. 

"Hey handsome," I replied.

"I love that dress," he complimented.

"I'm sure you'd love what's underneath more," I flirted back.

"Where's your church key?" Steve shouted out from the kitchen.

"Drawer to the left of the fridge," Dan replied. "It doesn't look like you've got anything on underneath at all," he quietly said back to me.

"I was wondering if you would notice." I pulled up the bottom hem of my dress to my stomach, exposing the lacy purple panties I had on. "What do you think?"

"I think they'd look better on my floor."

With one hand, I pulled the waistband on one side down past my hip before pulling it back up to place. I giggled at the tease and let my dress fall back down. "Soon."

Steve returned back into the room, carrying three beers. I didn't particularly care for beer, but I would survive. 

"A little liquid courage before we start," my husband said. 

We sat down, Steve and I on the small sofa and Dan on a chair. The two men drank their beers and talked, mostly about Steve's job and the football draft or something. I wasn't really paying attention. My mind was focused on what was going to happen later. 

I decided to have a little bit of fun while I waited. I leaned back against the couch and brought my feet up, tucking my legs nearly up to my chest. Steve was on my left, staring at Dan, so he couldn't really see me. 

But Dan could. And as my short sundress rode up, he had a straight-line of sight to my panties. I smiled and took another sip of the beer. With my free hand, I reached between my legs and pulled my panties to the side. 

Dan was trying to look inconspicuous, but his eyes were glued to my pink pussy lips. I bit my bottom lip playfully and ran a finger over my folds, teasing myself. I could see a tent forming in Dan's pants.

Steve's voice turned up, a question. I returned my panties back in place and moved my legs back to the ground. Dan turned back to my husband and they kept talking. 

I smiled mischievously again. My husband still wasn't looking at me. I brought my hands to my chest and pulled the dipping neckline of the sundress down, exposing my small breasts.

My fingers brushed over my nipples, making them harder. I pinched them a little and cupped my boobs. Steve still wasn't looking. I let a string of saliva fall from my mouth onto one of my tits. I rubbed it into my nipple, making it shimmer. 

Dan was staring the entire time. I was having so much fun distracting him and teasing him. He was the only person who really made me want to act like this, before Elliott at least. For everyone else before, I was the perfect, picturesque conservative wife. For him, I was a sexy, confident slut.

I pulled my dress back into place. Steve was none the wiser, but Dan was starting to sweat. He took a long swig of his beer to finish it up.

"I'm dry. Are we all ready to move to the bedroom?" he asked, stopping whatever he and Steve were talking about.

"Uh, sure," my husband said. "Honey?"

I smiled, knowing that it was my doing. "Of course."

Dan was already up and moving to his bedroom. We followed him in, and I immediately sat down on the edge of the queen bed, both men now in front of me.

Dan's hands moved to his belt, and he started undoing his pants. Steve followed suit, and soon both were standing in front of me completely naked. 

I bit my lower lip, staring at the two erect cocks waiting to be serviced by me. God, I couldn't wait to have them inside me. 

I pulled my dress off my shoulders, letting it pool around my waist. Dan moved to me first, pushing me back onto the bed. He lay down next to me and leaned in. I turned my head and our mouths met in a passionate kiss.

Dan was not one to be slow or sensual at all. He pushed back against me, his slight stubble tickling my cheeks. His lips weren't quite as soft as Steve's, but I didn't care. 

After only a few seconds, Dan opened his mouth and pressed his tongue against my lips. I eagerly parted my lips, letting him explore my mouth ravenously. My tongue snaked out too, engaging in a frenetic, sexy dance with his.

Dan was kissing me deep and trying to taste every inch of me, like I was the last person he would ever kiss. His aggressiveness turned me on immensely; I loved a man who could take control of me.

My eyes shot open as I felt something on my pussy. Immediately I recognized it as a tongue, and one I was intimately familiar with: my husband's.

Steve had hiked the bottom of my dress up to my stomach and pulled aside my panties. His tongue darted through my folds, lapping up the juices that had seeped out. I hadn't realized just how wet and turned on I had gotten from teasing Dan. God, I needed an orgasm.

Dan reached down to my chest, cupping one of my boobs in his hand. He squeezed it tightly, my nipple pressed hard against his palm. His rough hands were rubbing against the nub, making it grow harder. Dan squeezed my other breast, kneading the soft flesh of that one as well.

His mouth had strayed away from my lips down to my neck. He sucked on it passionately, his hand still mauling my breast. Ordinarily I probably would have stopped him for fear of getting a hickey, but I was way too turned on to care.

Steve's tongue had found its place on my clit. He flicked his tongue over my button and circled it around and around. It felt great, but I wanted more. I needed more. I thrust my hips back against his face.

He sealed his mouth around my clit and drew in his cheeks. The pressure on my clit was intense, but felt so great. His tongue kept working away, stimulating my most sensitive nub. 

Dan moved back up from my neck to kiss me again. The hand that wasn't squeezing my tits ran through my hair, yanking on it gently. The slight pain reminded me who was in control, and sent a pulse of pleasure to my pussy. 

Steve detached his mouth from my clit and he descended further down to my pussy. His tongue licked at my hole, just teasing me and leaving me begging for more. I was so wet, and ready to burst. 

And then his mouth was gone. Steve moved up the bed on the other side of me. I turned to face him and he pulled me into a kiss. I tasted myself on his lips, savoring the sweet flavor. I hadn't ever minded my own taste before, but ever since I tried another woman's pussy, I seemed to have a heightened appreciation for that natural nectar, and my own juices tasted so much better.

Dan took the opportunity to move to my now-free pussy. His fingers wrapped into the elastic waistband of my panties, and he pulled the garment down my legs and totally off. I reached down and pushed at my dress, and Dan took that off as well, leaving me completely naked. 

Normally, I felt vulnerable and exposed while naked. But now, I felt empowered and sexy. Maybe Elliott had helped me become more comfortable with my own sexuality and more confident in my body. I wasn't sure, but I loved the feeling of being naked now.

Dan's tongue appeared on my pussy. He lapped over my labia and moved up to my clit. His tongue wiggled back and forth quickly over my clit. My body tensed up, and I whimpered into my husband's mouth. 

Dan kissed my clit and ventured further down. His tongue explored my pussy, licking at my hole and tasting my juices. He wasn't as skilled at going down on a woman as my husband, but I didn't need an expert right now.

Something new probed my pussy lips. I felt it press against my entrance, and Dan's finger slipped into my twat. I groaned and ground my hips down onto the digit. He slid it in and out of my pussy, tantalizingly slowly for me. His thumb rubbed at my clit, and I could feel the orgasm building. 

Steve's mouth had moved to my nipples. He was sucking on one while his fingers played with the other. His teeth nibbled the erect nub and he sucked down on it, studding my areolas with goosebumps. I had never had two men paying attention to me at once, and if this was what it felt like all the time, I couldn't believe I hadn't done it before.

My hand felt over my husband's body down to his crotch. I gripped his mostly-erect cock and stroked it up and down a few times, bringing it fully to life. 

Steve took his mouth away from my nipple and shifted on to his knees. He moved to my head with his cock jutting out in front of him. 

I looked down at Dan. He kept his steady pace fingering my twat, although his other hand looked like it was stroking his cock. 

My head turned towards my husband. I reached out and took hold of his cock, stroking the length a few more times. I craned my neck, opened my mouth, and took the head into my mouth.

My lips sealed around my husband's red helmet. I flicked my tongue over his tip, just teasing him. Steve groaned and stared down at me. He had told me years ago I looked prettiest when I had his dick in my mouth. I silently wondered if that applied to other dicks as well.

I jerked the base of his cock, squeezing tight and then relaxing the grip of my hand. At the same time, my head began bobbing on his cock. My lips ran back and forth over his tip while my tongue was hard at work licking the bulbous head.

I pulled back and kissed the very tip of Steve's cock. I extended my tongue and ran it over his slick head. My tongue twirled around the tip and then I ducked my head down, trailing my tongue down the sides of his cock. I licked up and down his shaft, tracing all the familiar veins and ridges.

Dan was certainly putting my concentration to test. His persistent fingers pried at my pussy, slipping another one into my twat. I moaned, and my twat squeezed around the thrusting digits. 

My mouth sealed around Steve's cock again and I bobbed up and down in that patently sexualized motion. My cheeks drew in and I sucked on his head as well as I could. My tongue stayed active, licking the underside of his shaft up and down in rhythm with my mouth. 

I felt a sudden emptiness and looked to see Dan's fingers no longer in my pussy. He was clambering up onto the bed on the other side of me, and I found myself with two men kneeling on either side of me. I pulled my mouth off my husband's cock and moved my free hand to Dan's. 

Both cocks surged against my touch as I jerked both men off simultaneously. I stared at the cocks, looking back and forth between Dan and my husband. I sized Dan up to be a little longer and quite a bit thicker than Steve; my hand had more trouble wrapping all the way around.

My mouth watered staring at both beautiful dicks. I wanted to taste them both, but I was a little uncomfortable trying to lift my head up. I withdrew my hands, to the chagrin of both men, and flipped myself over so I was resting on my knees. I took both cocks in hand again and continued stroking the fully erect rods.
