 My wife is gorgeous. She's a short, curvy brunette with shoulder-length curly hair and big tits. When we were first together we used to have lots of wild, fun sexual adventures. We frequently had hot sexual encounters with one of our favorite couple friends, my wife taking in the Sapphic pleasures with Anna and I the homoerotic pleasures with Nick. As time went on and we got busier in our careers we didn't have nearly as much time for such adventures. We still had plenty of fun together but we hadn't done anything with another couple or anyone of the same gender for a while.

One night, while discussing plans for her thirtieth birthday, my wife made an unexpected suggestion:

"Hon, you know... it's been a while since we've done anything really adventurous in the bedroom. I miss those nights when we were younger and we'd get together with Nick and Anna and fuck till 3am. God, those were fun nights. I loved having Anna's tongue darting over my clit while Nick was sucking you off in the next room."

"I know what you mean, dear. We used to have a lot of fun doing things like that. We haven't had a chance for any kind of couples play for quite a while. Maybe we should give Nick and Anna a call and see what they're up to."

"Maybe... but I have a better—and sexier—idea. My thirtieth birthday is coming up. I'd like to do something really adventurous."

"Like?"

"I wanna go to a sex club and find a couple other people to fuck and do a private sex show for each other. You know—you with another woman or man, and then me doing the same. It would be fun to watch you pleasure yourself with another woman, or see another man pleasure you."

As she was talking my mind began racing, imagining the scenario she described. I could just picture a busty blonde eating my wife's sweet pussy while I watched from across the room, slowly stroking my cock. She must have noticed my mind wandering because she soon interjected:

"Hey—I'm talking over here. And if you're having any naughty thoughts, I want you to act them all out for me."

"OK, I'm game. So how do you propose we make this happen?"

"There's a sex club in the city and they have various party nights. We could pick one and head up and see what we can make happen."

With that, she came over to my chair, leaned down, and gave me a slow, sensual kiss with plenty of tongue action. That quickly led to some hot, steamy lovemaking right there in the living room.

My wife made all the preparations for our sex club date. She found out the schedule at the club and knew exactly when we should arrive. When the evening came, she walked into the living room wearing a purple- and black-striped bustier, short latex skirt with a convenient side zipper, black leather jacket, and black pumps. She looked hot and ready to fuck. I wore my tightest pair of jeans, a tight black t-shirt, and a black leather jacket.

"My, my, my, don't you look ready for some hot action tonight! If we weren't heading out to the club I'd drop to my knees and unzip those jeans of yours right now!"

"Well, if you like it now, let's hope somebody at the club likes it just as much so I can put on a special show for you."

"Mmmmm... you look pretty hot tonight. I'm sure I'll love whatever kind of show you have to give me."

With that last comment still dripping from her bright red lips, we got in the car and she drove us into the city. When we got to the club, I found out it was same-sex night. I'm sure she probably planned that, wanting to see me perform with another man. 

We walked into the dimly-lit club and stopped for a few moments to look around. As one would expect of gay night at a sex club, there was loud dance music and lots of action on the dance floor as various men and women were dancing as provocatively as possible. It was the perfect sexy atmosphere to get us both in the mood. We went over to the bar to order a couple drinks. We took our drinks around the club and checked out the various spaces. There was a dance floor with a DJ, a small theater showing gay erotica, a few large rooms with multiple beds and couches, and several smaller rooms with only a bed and a couch each. The music was pounding, flesh was writhing, alcohol was flowing, and we were in the mood for fucking, of which there was plenty going on around us.

In one of the rooms we passed by, a short-haired woman was eating the pussy of a curly-haired woman laying back on one of the couches. In another room there were four men on the big bed sucking each others' cocks. It was almost too much for us as we wandered around taking in the scene of unbridled, unrestricted lust. As we walked past one of the small rooms, I saw a couple that was clearly ready to play. The man was wearing a leather harness on his chest and leather chaps on his legs. He had a strong, dark mustache and a black officer's hat on. He looked just like someone who had walked out of a classic gay porn flick. The woman was topless and had thick, wavy black hair, a garter belt, stockings, and high heels. She was laying next to him on the bed and stroking his chest, running her hands down to his crotch where he wore a leather thong that looked like it was about to burst.

"Hello strangers," said the woman, "won't you come in to our lair?"

She shot me a come-hither look and flashed a sly smile. I took my wife by the hand and led her into their room.

"I'm Gen and this is Charlie. We're friends. We like to come here together and fuck couples that we find. It's kind of a sport for us."

My wife, being the more adventurous one of the two of us, walked over to Gen and said, "Hi Gen, I'm Dani and this is my husband. We're here for my birthday tonight and I think you and Charlie might be just what we're looking for. To celebrate, we wanted to give each other a fantastic sex show. My husband loves cock and I wanna see him take a big one tonight. And, by the looks of it, you're just what I need to give him the show of a lifetime."

My wife walked over to Gen and put her hand tenderly on Gen's shoulder. Gen pulled my wife's hand down to her bare breast and started circling it around her nipple.

"Oh God, Dani, that feels amazing. I think we know what to do from here."

"Do we? I certainly like you, but how do the men feel about each other?"

Hearing that, Charlie got up off the bed and walked over to me. He walked around behind me and wrapped his arms around my chest, grinding his hardening dick into my ass and started nibbling at the side of my neck. I went a little weak in the knees and leaned back into his arms which inspired him to move further with his nibbling up to my ear. Pretty soon I was squirming around and grinding myself back into this stud.

As she saw my arousal with Charlie, my wife laid down on the bed with Gen and said, "Looks like they're going to be just fine with this. Let's let them do the first show."

My wife leaned back into Gen's arms as she slowly started caressing my wife, taking extra care to run her hands over my wife's huge breasts. Meanwhile, Charlie and I decided to get our part of the show started. He released me from his strong embrace and I turned around to face him. He slipped his leather thong off to reveal a huge, veiny, bulging cock. It had to be at least 7" if not more. I gave a sly grin and then stripped off my jacket and threw it in the corner. I did the same with my t-shirt and then dropped down on my knees to service this beautiful male member sticking out at me.

I started by gently rubbing his dick just to get a feel for it. I lightly traced my fingers up and down the shaft and then around the head and then back up the underside, which caused him to shiver with anticipation. After a little more caressing my mouth was ready for him. I glanced over my shoulder to see my wife in Gen's arms lazily caressing each other. I knew they were both ready for a show so I determined to give them one.

I placed my tongue gently on the head of Charlie's massing dong and started to swirl it around while I gripped the base of the shaft with my hand. My spiral on his dick head got slowly larger until I was circling the entire head with my tongue. Periodically I glanced back at my wife to see if she was enjoying the show, which she surely was. I started to gently close my mouth on the end of Charlie's dick and lick the underside of the head which caused him to shiver again. Each time I took more of his length into my mouth and I got it good and wet. His cock was huge but it felt amazing in my mouth. Sucking dick might seem subservient to some, but it's a total power play to me. The man I'm sucking has made himself completely vulnerable to me and that feeling of power over him really gets me turned on.

I kept taking more of his cock into my mouth, slowly moistening it the whole way with my saliva. I couldn't get all of it in my mouth, but when I got as much as I could, I started gently moving my mouth up and down on that glorious cock. It felt absolutely heavenly as my tongue traced every ridge and bump of the underside of his dick. I deliberately kept the pace slow so I wouldn't get him too aroused because I wanted to make sure he had enough stamina for the next part of the show.

After some more lazy, luxurious cock sucking, I pulled Charlie out of my mouth and said, "This is awesome, but there's another place I'd like to have your cock." Charlie instinctively knew what I meant and he helped me up off my knees and over to the couch. He unbuttoned my fly and leaned down to kiss me. No doubt he could taste his own musky man meat in my mouth. We kept kissing like that as I slipped out of my jeans. Anticipating what was to come, I made sure not to bother wearing underwear.

Charlie broke our kiss and said, "OK, slip out of those jeans and bend over the couch. I'm about to fuck you like you've needed it for years."

That was all I needed to hear. I was already horny as fuck and just about ready to burst myself from that sensual cock sucking I had just given him. I was all too eager to have his hot, hard, massive cock in my ass. With the jeans out of the way, I bent over the couch and offered my tight little ass to Charlie. He started by massaging my ass cheeks with his strong, powerful hands and then running one of his thumbs up and down the crack. It felt amazing. I was hornier than I had been in years it seemed and I just wanted him to fuck me slow and hard. He reached over to the end of the couch for a rubber and some lube. He slipped a condom on over that massive dick of his and then poured some lube on my ass. It felt great running down the crack of my ass and down my thighs. His slow, deliberate pace only made me want him inside of me more.

Eventually he started pressing a finger into my ass. It felt amazing. I was almost whimpering because I wanted him to push it in further. As my sphincter started to relax he started moving his finger around slowly to open me up and get me to relax more. He clearly had a lot of experience with fucking ass and it was all driving me crazy.

Soon I turned my head toward him and in a hushed tone, said, "Charlie, I'm ready. I want that cock in me. Fuck me good. I need it." Charlie got a big smile on his face and grabbed his dick. He poured more lube on the head and slowly worked it down over the shaft to ensure that it was nice and slick.

"Are you sure you're ready for me? I'm rock-hard and ready to fuck you now."

"Yes, please... please! I need it. I want it. I want your cock in me, now!"

I had crossed over into that zone where I no longer cared about anything. I hadn't noticed my wife and Gen starting to kiss passionately on the bed behind me. I had forgotten about anything else in the world except the throbbing, pulsing cock about to pleasure me like I had only dreamed of in my most delicious fantasies. I was a wanton slut just waiting for Charlie to fill me up with that special man meat I needed.

Just then, as I was zoning out in my own pleasure, I felt Charlie's massive cock press into my ass. The feeling of my sphincter opening up to this massive intrusion was amazing. It hurt a little, due to Charlie's size, but the pain wasn't an issue as I was in so much pleasure it only heightened the experience. I felt his weight press against mine as he leaned forward with his cock invading my ass. I was so willing, so desperate for it, that it's hard to call it an invasion. My ass welcomed Charlie's cock like there was no tomorrow. Firmly he kept pressing into me until the whole thing was buried in me and his thighs were pressed against mine.

"Oh God, Charlie, oh God—that feels fucking amazing. Oh God, please fuck me, PLEASE!"

Hearing me beg for his cock brought a smile to his face and he began to slowly pull out of my ass. Once he was almost out he began to settle into a slow but firm rhythm. His cock would pull out of me and then push right back in. He showed amazing self-control by not fucking away as fast as possible. He really showed his experience at butt-fucking. His cock just felt glorious as it fucked its way in and out of me. I began rolling my head around and whimpering as Charlie's amazing fucking continued.

Eventually he started to increase his pace. I could feel his cock starting to get bigger in my ass just as my ass felt it couldn't take any more. I was so worked up by his fucking that I jerked forward and started spurting cum all over the couch. That was enough to get him over the edge, too, and he rammed his cock deep in me one last time to shoot his load. Just after that I fell forward onto the couch and his cock popped out of my pleasure hole. I rolled over on my right side and looked back over at the ladies. Just after that, Charlie plopped down on the couch next to me and laid on my left side. He let his left hand drift down to my own cock which had just had a massive orgasm and sprayed semen all over the couch. He absent-mindedly fondled my softening cock, bringing waves of soft pleasure to me.

"Charlie, that was... that was... that was fucking amazing! You're really amazing at fucking ass. You must have a lot of experience. You're one of the best tops I've ever been with."

"Thanks. You're a great bottom yourself. If you switch, maybe there will be some more fun later. For now, though, check out the girls."

As we had been finishing our round of man fucking, the girls had stripped down somewhat. My wife had her bustier open to the front exposing her gorgeous tits and she had unzipped her latex skirt. Gen was down between her legs softly lapping at her clit and occasionally running her tongue up between my wife's pussy lips. This had my wife purring and cooing in that way that tells me she's experiencing ultimate bliss.

She looked up from Gen for just a moment and said, "Wow, honey, that was amazing. I know you're hot in bed, but it's even hotter watching a thick stud fuck you. I almost came watching that."

Gen stopped her sweet tongue-lashing for a moment to add her thoughts, "Yeah, Charlie, that was really hot. You're gonna have to fuck my ass like that later."

Charlie responded, "Well, I don't normally fuck women, but if someone here wants to get me going, I might be able to oblige." As he said that, he ran his left hand up my chest to my mouth. I took the hint and sucked his index finger into my mouth, swirling my tongue around it just the way I had done to his dick earlier. He pulled his finger out of my mouth and turned my head toward him. I gave him a soft, sensual kiss on the lips.

Our embrace was broken by my wife's next question, "Honey, what do you want to see with me and Gen? We're here and ready to put on a show for you."

"You know what I'd love? I'd love to see the two of you in a sixty-nine position so you can eat each others' pussies. Who knows, maybe Charlie and I will join in later?"

"That sounds awesome to me!"

My wife and Gen then adjusted themselves into a sixty-nine position so that each could orally pleasure the other. Gen was on top and happily tonguing away at my wife's juicy slit while my wife laid on her back with her legs spread wide. She had Gen's sweet pussy right above her mouth so she could lick and nibble everything just the way Gen was doing to her. After not too much longer my wife started to moan in that low, guttural way which meant she was close to orgasm. Gen noticed and doubled down on her tongue-lashing. Soon my wife's face contracted in a look of passion and she let out a little scream as her orgasm hit. Gen kept lapping away, all too happy to keep my wife riding that wave of pleasure. Not too long after, Gen started her own orgasm which had her grunting and whimpering as she arched her back. My wife took that as the cue to start rubbing Gen's clit furiously to be sure and send her over the edge. Within moments, Gen collapsed onto the beautiful, disheveled pile of womanhood that was my wife.

By that time, Charlie and I had mostly recovered and were ready for some more. He got up off the couch and led me over to the bed. He went over to the side of the bed and took my hand and pulled it down to his cock. I could tell he was wanting me to get him ready for more action, which I gladly obliged. I started stroking him softly. He pulled me in closer to him and then started stroking my cock. Soon, we were standing together stroking each other and getting more turned on.

At some point he stopped stroking me and I followed suit. He turned to the ladies, who had just started to stir, and suggested they move to their sides in the middle of the bed. They followed his suggestion and soon they were in another sixty-nine position, caressing each others' pussies. Charlie walked over to the table and got two more condoms and the bottle of lube and handed me one of the condoms. He then climbed on the bed behind Gen and got close up behind her. I did the same thing and got behind my wife. Charlie rolled the new condom on over his hardening shaft and I did the same for myself. He then poured some lube on his fingers and handed the bottle to me. By then I had figured out his plan: he was going to fuck Gen in the ass while she was eating my wife's pussy. I decided to do the same with my wife. I put the rubber on and started lubing up her ass. She really enjoyed the feel of the cool lube on her asshole and started writhing around the more I caressed her ass and worked my finger in.

I leaned in close to her ear and whispered, "You've seen me take a cock in the ass; now it's your turn." As soon as I said it, I lightly bit her earlobe, sending her into a whole different world of pleasure. With Gen probing her pussy with a friendly tongue and me biting on her earlobe, it was almost too much passion. The only thing that could be better was what was about to happen.

Once I felt like her ass was ready, I slowly pressed my cock into her ass. Charlie was already balls deep in Gen by that point. I got the feeling that Charlie wasn't the only one with butt-fucking experience. Gen's cries of pleasure from Charlie's fucking were muffled by my wife's pussy. Similarly, once I got all the way in my wife's ass, she was so busy with her face in Gen's pussy that she didn't make much noise. Having just been fucked in the ass myself, I was determined to do just as good a job for my wife on her birthday. I settled into a slow, steady rhythm where I could bottom out hard in her ass and then pull back slowly. It felt amazing. Her ass was always nice and tight and felt great around my cock. Little by little I worked myself up to another orgasm as my wife got closer herself. Gen's tongue and lips were doing amazing things to my wife's labia and getting her just about ready for another orgasm. Just then, my wife jerked and suddenly screamed in pleasure as the orgasm hit. That jerk and the resultant squeeze her ass gave my cock was enough to send me over the edge. My balls started contracting and pumping hot semen deep into my wife's ass. The feeling of release was absolutely amazing.
