 Our Visit to Cinema Two Adult Theater

It was Thursday night, Couples Night. We were both filled with nervous excitement.

Several weeks ago, while taking a detour around road construction, Gillian and I ran across the Cinema 2 Adult Theater. A wooden fence that provided some anonymity for the theater's patrons when going from the parking lot to the theater surrounded it. A neon sign with the name Cinema 2 was glowing above the entrance.

Gillian and I both had looked curiously and chatted the rest of the way home what it might be like to go visit. When we got home, I told Gillian that I would go check it out, and if it seemed safe we could go for a visit.

The next afternoon, I arrived home and Gillian asked if I had visited the theater. I told her yes. I explained that it was pretty dark but the screen lit up the theater enough to see around your area. I told her the private rooms were small but big enough for two to four people and the private rooms showed all types of movies from guy/girl to girl/girl to gangbang, guy/guy and so forth. I described to her that I sat down in the main theater and watched part of the movie with a couple of other guys. It appeared that one of the guys was masturbating while watching but I couldn't be sure. I then went to the private room area and there were several guys watching different movies and in one room there was a guy on his knees giving a blowjob to another man while watching a gay porn movie.

After a few minutes of processing this information, Gillian asked me if there were any women present. I told her no, but I did see a sign up that Thursday night was couples night, and there was a discount for couples. Lying in bed that night, Gillian suggested we should go on Thursday night. She wanted to see it for herself and thought she would be more comfortable if there were other women present. I agreed and we decided that if no other couples were there, we could always take off quickly after short peek.

We made it to Thursday night and I was sitting dressed in the family room. Gillian came downstairs and she had on a white mini skirt with a sheer sapphire blue blouse, no bra and four-inch high heel pumps. The pockets of the blouse just covered her nipples so they were hidden, but her flawless 34C breasts were clearly visible. Gillian has long, wavy, strawberry blonde hair with emerald green eyes and a natural tan. She is 5'-7" tall and with her heels, she is almost 6' tall.

We chatted nervously as we drove to the theater. We pulled in the parking lot, got out and walked to the entrance. Gillian asked me if I was excited. I told her that I was excited as soon as I saw her exquisite body in that outfit. I admitted to her I almost got an erection just seeing her.

We made our way into the theater; there were magazines, DVDs, and vibrators on both sides of the walkway approaching the counter. The lady at the counter had us sign in and we paid our fees. She then buzzed us in and we walked through towards the main theater door. Gillian squeezed my arm as I guided her into the theater.

We stood in the doorway for just a minute to allow our eyes to get adjusted. As we looked around there was one couple sitting in the back and several guys scattered throughout. We walked almost to the front and sat down in the center of the aisle. We began watching the movie where a woman was engulfing one guy in her mouth; while being penetrated by two others at the same time.

I put my hand on Gillian's thigh as she leaned over and told me she thought this was the craziest thing we had ever done. I agreed. I slid my hand up her thigh and could feel her already moist, impeccably trimmed womanhood. She eased her hips forward and spread her legs apart giving me easier access as I rubbed her clit softly. She gasped just slightly as I began caressing.

A moment or so later, I felt her hand unzipping my pants and working my already hard cock out of my trousers. She was slowly stroking me as I rubbed her clit a little more brisk now. Gillian leaned over to kiss me, and as our mouths met, her tongue started thrashing with my tongue. She was really turned on and so was I.

Gillian got up, lifted her skirt and started straddling me in my chair. As she did, she gasped and I heard her say she was sorry and didn't mean to block the view. Suddenly, a male voice behind us said that was okay that he had moved up to watch her not the movie. Gillian responded to him with an okay and guided herself down onto my rock hard, throbbing cock. As she settled on my cock, I unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it back off her shoulders around her elbows to expose her gorgeous breasts and hard nipples. I noticed two more men had walked up to each side of us. They asked if they could watch and Gillian blurted out yes.

Gillian was now grinding on me, working my cock deep inside her dripping canal. The two men to each side were now rubbing and pulling hard on Gillian's nipples. She started moaning and the harder they pulled and twisted, the harder she grinded on me and the louder she moaned. Both guys were now twisting and pulling her nipples with one hand and stroking their stiff cocks with their other hand.

I noticed Gillian extend her right hand past me and she was fondling the cock of the guy behind us. She was so hot. She was bouncing now as hard as she could; her climax was near as I could tell by the sound of her. I knew she was getting ready to drench my lap with her orgasm.

One of the men asked her if they could cum on her tits. I watched as she flung her head back and forth in a yes motion. At that moment the guy to my right shot a huge load of cum across her chest. Almost simultaneously, Gillian moaned loud that she was cumming and I used my hands to raise her up and down on my cock as hard as I could. She let go of the guy behind us and held my shoulders as I could feel her nectar run down onto my lap.

She pushed back from me almost limp and as she did the man to my left unloaded a massive load of his juice across her right arm and boobs. She moaned softly with the warm, creamy fluid running down her breasts. I grabbed her hips and pushed her down hard onto my cock as I exploded inside of her releasing rope after rope of cum into her womb.

Just as we both had relaxed, the man behind us stepped across the seat. I glanced over and saw this giant cock next to my shoulder and looked in awe. It had to have been at least 10" long. Almost on instinct Gillian reached out and held her hand around as much of it as she could. She leaned in and slid her mouth over the bulbous head stretching her jaws wide. I started pulling and nibbling on Gillian's nipples as she continued to work this massive phallus with her mouth. I was growing hard again inside of her and she was twisting and grinding on my now stiff dick.

I was almost certain that Gillian had never been with anyone having a cock this size before, but she was devouring it like a starved animal would a piece of meat. She could only get part of it into her mouth and throat but I could tell by the man's expression he was enjoying her work.

He had some stamina, as I was ready to cum again. Watching Gillian work his enormous cock in and out of her mouth and feel her grinding hard onto me was setting me off. I gushed again into Gillian's drenched pussy. As I leaned back, I felt the man's arm move and I looked to see him grab Gillian's head pulling her further onto his cock. She gagged a bit but went on and I could see him tense. Gillian must have felt it to as she moved her head back a bit. He started cumming in her mouth and when she could hold no more, she forced her head back and he continued spraying his batter onto her chest as some dribbled out of her mouth. Gillian had man juice flowing down her chest and stomach.

We both went limp and the three men said that Gillian was amazing and they hoped she returned. They would like to show us the private couple's theater. Gillian thanked them as we looked at each other; who knew there was another theater in here.

We got up, went to the restrooms and tried to clean up as best we could. Gillian walked out with her blouse and skirt covered in wetness, and I too, with my pants soaking wet. We laughed going to the car and were thankful for the fence. At least no one outside the theater could have seen our mess.

We haven't been back to the theater, but we are hoping to get some friends to join us. Every time we talk about it, we both end up horny and have a great session of fucking.