 "Grab your stuff Jim, Chris is on his way!"

"Beauty!" says Jim picking up two bags and walking to the front door. Annie races up the hall, darts around Jim, undoes the lock and swings the door open.

"Thanks Annie." 

Jim shuffles along the garden path, his broad shoulders flexed against each bag.

Annie switches off lights, slams the front door behind her and runs down the path to join him.

Jim turns just at the right moment to admire his sexy girlfriend, her long legs in cut off jean shorts, her gorgeous bouncing breasts in a white tee and a cheerful laugh from her luscious lips. 

"And we're off." says Jim "A long weekend in the mountains. What's the deal with Margaret and the others?"

"I dunno," says Annie "Chris just said Maggie can't make it and the other guys girlfriends have backed out too."

"So it's you and four guys for the weekend."

"Should be fun." Annie smiled.

Jim puts the bags on the pavement and wraps his arms around Annie.

"Fun eh! I know you fancy Chris and you've already made a start there."

"Oh Jim, I got drunk and kissed him at a party. I told you already -- that's all."

"Oh yeah. What else?"

"Nothing else!"

"Did he touch your tits?" asks Jim, placing his hands lightly on Annie's breasts.

"Yeah, I think so," mumbles Annie as she pushes his hand away.

"Did he!!" Jim exclaims in surprise "you never said that before."

"I don't remember that clearly Jim. I was drunk."

Chris' mini bus turns the street corner and drives directly to them. Annie and Jim gather their luggage and climb in the back onto bench seats. 

From the driver's seat Chris makes quick informal introductions to Peter and Stan. Both men help stow the bags and play their eyes over Annie's legs and breasts at the same time.

Annie let it pass. "Guys always perve," she thinks.

In fact right now her thoughts were swirling. She is very horny.

Jim's questions have roused the memory of the intense minutes of wild fucking she and Chris had spent -- in this van. In her mind she saw the both of them naked having wild rushed sex. Full of booze and lust, she had sucked his cock, sat on his face grinding her cunt down hard, then fucked him, grunted to orgasm and returned to the party in under an hour.

Jim had asked many times about that night but she had never let on beyond a drunken kiss.

She thought he seemed to enjoy asking and suspected the possibility that she may have done more burned into his imagination and excited him.

Annie just wasn't sure Jim was ready for a truth she had known for a long time. Deep within his young, pretty sexy girlfriend lurks a slut. That hour with Chris was a cock sucking, hard fuck fulfilment of images that played constantly in her head. It was shaming and very private.

Annie looks up from her reverie. Except for Jim all the men are looking at her. She wonders if she is giving off horny, fuck me pheromones. 

"Maybe," she mutters under her breath.

"Yeah, maybe," Jim says enigmatically.

"Six hours of driving, people," yells Chris "lets go."

The van glides smoothly out of suburban streets onto the free-way and in 40 minutes is clear of the city. The talk is chit chat, "What do you do? How do you know Chris?" Annie nods off.

Two hours into the drive just on dusk, Chris pulls into a roadside diner for coffee and a burger. Both prove to be very passable. The mood is friendly and the group chat easily about the fishing and trekking that's planned.

Chris is cheerful. His characteristic smile and arched eyebrow is bestowed on all. Annie wants to fuck that smile.

As the meal winds up Jim says "Hey Chris let me drive. You sit up back with Annie."

"Watch it Jimmy, "Annie thinks "I'm close to screwing this boy here on the diner's table among the burger crusts and leftover fries. You put us up back in the dark and we won't be able to stop ourselves. Or do you know this you bastard? Are you setting this up Jimmy?"

Jim jumps into the driver's seat and winks at Annie.

"I'll sit up front too," says Annie a slight tremor in her voice.

The men in chorus "No stay with us."

Chris does a quick flip of the seats in the back of the van.

"Hey presto!" he says pointing to bench seats now facing each other separated by a fold away table with a chipped cover almost identical to the table in the diner.

"Must have been a big sale on this stuff," says Peter, "Come on let's play cards."

Annie relaxes and settles into the seat next to Chris. She turns to check on Jim who is also turned in his seat looking directly at her. Jim winks one more time and starts the engine.

"You bastard," she thinks.

A small light illuminates the table top and in contrast makes the four faces around the table recede into darkness. It's only when leaning forward to look at cards that a face appears.

"It's warm, dark, we're close, these men smell great and I'm horny," thinks Annie.

The card game continues, conversation flows. Annie quickly sums up Stan the quiet one and Peter the joker. 

"They are cool guys," she thinks, "and friends with Chris so..."

Stan produces a bottle and glasses.

"An after burger Port" he jokes.

"How refined," Annie smiles back.

In confined spaces people touch, bump and graze against each other. Twice Chris bumped Annie's arm in movements with his cards and now as Annie leans in to place a card on the table her knee presses onto Peter's. Annie leans back into the darkness but the knee contact remains. Neither will back away. Annie allows her return into the dark and the bench seat to angle slightly. Her shoulder, hip and thigh are pressing on Chris. When their faces appear from the gloom Annie watches the men's eyes as they note how close their friend and his friend's girlfriend are sitting together. They also note the incline of her head to brush his shoulder at a funny remark. 

Annie sips at a second glass of Port.

"My hand,"says Peter as he places a final card.

"Well done," says Annie her voice deeper than usual and she runs her index finger lightly along Peter's forearm.

Annie swears she can see the hairs on his arm stand to attention.

It's a breathless moment.

"I guess I'm bit tipsy," Annie pretend slurs.

The moment slowly melts and the game recommences. Port and conversation pick up steam.

Annie can feel a tingle in her spine as she smiles and plays cheerfully. 

"Horny as!" she thinks.

It's four hours into the drive, two hours to go. Annie leans harder onto Chris, he leans back. 

Her legs are entangled under the table with Peter's and maybe Stan's too. 

Before the overhead light is turned off Annie calls to Jim.

"You ok honey?"

"Yeah I'm fine. You get some sleep."

For a second Jim and Annie's eyes meet in the rear view mirror. As the light fades she is certain she saw him wink for a third time that night. 

"Bastard! Jimmy never winks, it's so gross," she mutters under her breath.

In the semi dark Chris puts his arm around Annie's shoulders. She eases into him and lets her left elbow, forearm and hand lay along his thigh.

"Hey Annie. Want to stretch out?" asks Peter. Without waiting for an answer he picks up her legs by the ankles and rests them on the seat between Stan and himself. Both men start to gently massage her bare feet and calves.

"Comfy?" asks Chris.

"I'm fine." agrees Annie.

Annie's arm now rests along Chris' leg and her elbow can feel the hardness and heat of an aroused man.

"Hope your getting all this Jim." Annie whispers to herself.

The van is now well off the free-way. If fact the narrow trail road is making travel in the back a bit uncomfortable, but no one is moving. All know it's a beautiful sexy moment that will have to end very soon. It's clear all want it to last as long as it can even if some of the potholes in the road almost roll them out of their seats.

The road smooths and Chris unexpectedly for Annie leans his face to her. They kiss. Tongues rapidly and lustfully enter each others mouths. As the kiss subsides Annie catches a glimpse of Stan and Peter watching her as they continue to stroke her feet. Annie is aware that the effort to control the undulation of her pelvis during the kiss has been only moderately successful.

"And there's a whole long weekend to go," Annie thinks as the van is once again rocked by the ever worsening road.

Abruptly the van stops.

"We're here!" calls Jim.

Feigning sleep the four in the back of the van slowly disentangle complete with exaggerated yawns and stretches.

"Here" is an unlit cabin at the end of a rough road high in the New England mountains. The views are probably incredible but have to wait until morning. It's 10 at night, dark and chill.

Jim plays the van's lights on the cabin door. The fellas swing into action.

The van is unloaded, kerosene lamps ignite, the kitchen stove is alight with burning wood.

Annie moves to help but these men are in full flight so she sits on a lumpy couch to watch the cabin come out of its hibernation.

Peter, carrying firewood enters the cabin. Annie notices his muscles taut holding their burden. The slender Stan is at the table unloading an esky of its tomato, onion, eggs. All go into a pan. 

Chris throws plates around the table and makes tea from the already boiling water. 

Stan's omelette is ready in 9 minutes. Annie times it. 

"The chill is gone, warm simple food on the table, hot tea. Four men. Heaven," thinks Annie.

Jim enters carrying their bags and flops on the couch next to Annie. After four hours of mountain driving Jim looks tired. Annie fusses over him.

"Poor tired baby, all that driving." She passes him a cup of tea and rubs his neck.

The food is on the plates.

"Wow, you guys are great, we're warm and being fed in minutes," Annie enthuses.

Stan nods. 

"Teamwork," he says and shrugs his shoulders.

Annie laughs at this.

"You're such a sweetie," she chimes.

They eat their meal slowly and sip their tea. No rush, the holiday has really begun.

"Well it's not much but it's home for the next three days," says Chris.

The cabin is very basic. One big room really. A kitchen with a table against the wall. Three old couches making a horseshoe in front of a fireplace on the next wall around.

"Both fires heat water for the shower. They have to be close to cut down on the plumbing," Chris explains pointing to a blemish on the perfect square of the cabin. The shower cubical is half in and half out of the cabin set on the wall near the fireplace. A plastic shower curtain provides privacy and keeps water out of the cabin. 

A material curtain creates a partition to separate the kitchen and couch area from seven single beds in the other darker half of the cabin.

The toilet outside, of course.

Peter gets up from the table and starts to light a fire in the grate.

"You're a bit of a pyro Pete," says Chris.

"Yeah, Pyro Pete," laughs Annie feeling a little blurred around the edges.

Jim crashes onto a couch. 

"I like your fire, Pete."

Chris says to Stan "Come on sweetie. Let's do the wash up."

Annie jumps up "No, I'll wash. You wipe"

"OK then sweetie."

"Thank you sweetie."

The washing done Stan produces another bottle of Port, sits by Pyro Pete's fire and fills four glasses.

Jim is obviously asleep.

"Cheers mate," Peter takes a glass and sits by his crackling creation.

Chris and Annie join them. They sit close together on the free couch near the fire. The sense of closeness established in the van returns and when Peter who is sitting on the floor leans back onto Annie's legs. She opens them and accepts his head of curly hair between her thighs by playing with his locks and rubbing his neck.

Chris puts his arm over her shoulder and she leans in. Stan moves to sit next to her on the couch. Annie takes his hand and rests her arm on Stan's thigh.

The moment is again close, charged and erotic.

Annie takes stock of her sensations. Chris has his arm is over her shoulder, his fingers lightly stroking the muscle above her breast. Peter's hair is tickling her opened upper thighs. Her left hand is on Stan's thigh, her right hand holds a glass of Port. She takes a sip.

Jim stirs in his sleep. He is laying along the couch directly opposite the linked foursome.

"What would I say to Jim if he woke up?" whispers Annie.

"We're just mates having a cuddle," says Stan "We like each other."

"I might have a shower," says Chris "The water should be warm enough."

The group move apart seconds before Jim sits up rubbing his eyes.

Annie sits next to him and fusses again.

"Off to bed Jimmy boy." 

She leads him to a bunk, strips him to his underwear and tucks him under the cover with a kiss.

"I'm gunna hang with the boys for a while."

"Ok Annie," says Jim "but hop in with me later. I'd rather share a single bed than sleep alone."

"Sure Honey."

The sound of the shower running is in Annie's ears as she walks towards the fire. She resists looking. It's tantalising not to do the obvious. Each second not turning her head to the sound intensifies her desire. She is lightheaded when finally she allows herself the pleasure. The anticipated sight is a little disappointing as the shower curtain is not anywhere near as clear as she had hoped.

Chris has a lamp with him so his shadow form provokes an interest. She picks up her glass and rejoins Stan and Peter on the couch.

Stan says softly "I think Chris needs his back washed."

Just at that moment Chris' back and backside push against the curtain.

Annie downs her Port and walks to the shower recess. 

"Need your back washed big boy?"

"Sure. Come on in"

Annie steps forward, her tee shirt immediately wet from spray clings to her nipples.

"That's no way to shower,"says Chris.

He lifts her tee shirt up and over her head and while she slides the shirt along her arms he has unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts which along with her undies abruptly land at her feet.

She kicks them to dry safety.

Chris is erect and reaches for her but she ducks under his arm to stand behind him. 

She soaps his back watching the suds slide to the crack of his firm athletic boys arse. She soaps his shoulders, back and backside. 

While soaping him clean, her hands caress his waist and curl around his stomach. Her fingers encounter erect cock and she engulfs him.

Annie's mind is focused. 

"This is now. Tomorrow can sort itself out," are thoughts that never make it to words.

Annie is wrapped around Chris, her breasts push hard into his back, her soapy hands slide up and down his his magnificent erect cock.

The shower curtain is adhering to her body and she knows Peter and Stan are watching her every move.

"Great," she thinks "Let them watch this."

Annie feels totally in charge of Chris. She turns him, washes the soap off his cock, turns off the water, pushes the curtain aside, then in front of the watching friends kneels and slides his cock deep into her mouth. 

Immediately his hips buck. Annie sucks gently knowing instinctively and through lots of experience that Chris has been excited and sensitively erect most all afternoon into the evening. 

As he grows more capable to tolerate her mouth Annie picks up the pace. Soon in full view she sucks long deep and hard on Chris' cock. She grabs his arse to push him harder into her mouth. 

Chris erupts quickly, without warning. Annie focuses on the cum in her mouth. Warm, salty, oyster slimy, slightly gagging but so erotic, so slutty. She feels Chris' weight on her and realises he is buckling at the knee. He reaches to the taps to support himself.

Slowly Annie releases her grip on his arse and eases his cock from her mouth. Every movement of release is exquisitely pain and pleasure for Chris. Annie's intention is that Chris will remember this blow job for the rest of his life. She stretches his release from her mouth out very slowly. 

Finally the two lovers grab towels, dry off and return to the fire place. 

Acknowledging the false modesty in her head, Annie wraps a towel around her body covering her breasts. Her cheeks are red and shine in the firelight. She doesn't meet Stan or Peter's questioning eyes.

Peter takes another towel and dries her shoulders and hair.

"Hey Annie. That was amazing, don't be embarrassed. Chris will become a cleanliness freak if he gets that kind of treatment every shower." smiles Peter.

Annie laughs and they all join in.

Still somewhere between wet and dry Annie and Chris sit on the couch and share the last of his drink.

"Annie, Pete and I got pretty turned on. Any chance we can...?" Stan didn't intend to finish his sentence.

"Sorry boys! I'm really tired and you will be just as horny in the morning."

Annie stands and kisses Chris, Peter and Stan in turn. Wet open kisses that must share a little of Chris' cum. No one objects. 

"Good night,"she whispers.

Annie walks into the darkness of the bunks letting the towel drop. The firelight catches her perfect arse for a crescent moon second, then she is gone. 

Naked and wet she slips in with her man Jim.