 Ben and Ann had perfected their scam quite nicely. They were on their way to yet another win. They relished their successes. Ann was about to capture her next victim. Patti, aged 45, was a bit older than Ann, perhaps by fifteen years, but trim and fit, rather pretty, although she seemed to keep herself looking a bit plain. She had a nice body, with smaller, still-firm breasts. Patti worked with Ann, so they were around each other quite often. Ann ran the place, so this was easy prospecting for Ann pursuing her fantasies. As Ann sipped coffee with Patti, she flinched and complained, "Oh, that hurts a bit."

"What's wrong?" Patti asked. Ann knew this would be a merciless tease to Patti. 

"I'm a bit sore," Ann explained. "Ben used me pretty hard."

"Oh," Patti murmured, embarrassed.

"That man just cannot get enough of me. We have sex about every night, but sometimes he gets so excited, especially when he gets carried away with oral sex. When he gives me all those orgasms, it drives him wild. On these nights he just cannot be satisfied with one ejaculation. He has to have a second one."

Patti blushed brightly. She also felt a bit sad, perhaps a little angry with Ann for telling her this after earlier this week divulging that she was rather sexually deprived. It had actually been more than two years since she had had sex. And that had been the end of a long, cold, boring relationship. Sex had never been exciting for her. She deeply envied Ann's sex. Ann continued, "and those nights always lead to waking the next morning with him slipping into me for one more go. And a cock like his just wears me out.'

"Is he big?" Patti shocked herself asking such a question, but Ann was just so open about sex.

"Well, yeah, but not outrageously so," Ann explained, knowing that she was now closing in on Patti. "He is pretty good-sized, maybe eight inches and very hard. But he is built very unique. His cock head is absolutely huge, twice what you would expect. But even more special is how he comes. When he climaxes, he absolutely explodes. You never felt anything like it. And then, what an incredible flood. He is amazing." 

"Wow. You are so lucky," Patti said softly and sadly. She was entranced, trying to imagine what Ann so graphically described. Ann knew she had all but won the seduction. The time was now right. She had taken all the right steps. Ann had introduced Patti to Ben over lunch several times weeks before and Patti had found him very charming. Ann had also gradually coaxed Patti to open up about her sexual deprivation. She had then tantalized Patti about sexual exploits with Ben. All she had to do now was set the hook. 

"Patti," Ann said softly, "You know, Ben thinks you are hot. He finds you very sexy. I can't blame him; so do I." Patti was flushed with a strange excitement with what Ann was saying. 

Ann pressed on, "Ben has this fantasy about inviting you to our place for a weekend date. I told him I thought it was a great idea. That made him really horny. That's what got him so hot last night and got me so sore today." Patti blushed even more. She did not know what to say. Her lack of protest told Ann everything she wanted to hear. Ann continued, "You know, Ben is an incredible lover. You would really enjoy what he can do. We would love to have you over for the weekend. Are you interested?" All Patti dared to do was force herself to look up at Ann. She said nothing. 

"Good," Ann said, smiling. "Ben and I will show you a really nice time." Both their hearts were pounding. No more was said today.

The next day Ann began her next step in the seduction, building anticipation. She told Patti that Ben was very excited knowing she would be spending the weekend with them. "We're going to give you the best sex you ever dreamed of having," she told her. 

For the rest of the week Patti was totally obsessed with anticipation. Ann fed this whenever she had the chance. She teased Patti with, "his cock feels amazing inside... his tongue is absolutely incredible... and his ejaculation is huge... you have never experienced so much semen... we're going to make you come so hard." Patti was overwhelmed and, as per Ann's plan, completely under Ann's spell. 

Ann then gave Patti a DVD with digital video clip. "Check this out when you get home." When Patti got home that evening she popped the disc into the player and turned on the TV. Shed didn't even stop to take off her coat. She was soon breathless, watching the image of Ben sitting on an easy chair in the living room, naked and hard. His erection was exactly as Ann had described, a swollen and inflamed eight inches with a head that was absolutely huge. Patti trembled as she imagined how that would feel sliding into her. She watched in amazement as Ben stroked his cock, moaning as he grew more and more stimulated. The camera shot moved in closer to reveal every inch and nuance of his erection, then back out wide to show his body now flushed brightly as he rubbed himself closer and closer to climax. Patti heard him moan, "I'm going to come." She then heard Ann's voice say "Go ahead, dear. Show us girls the surprise you have for us." She saw Ben grow even more flushed bright red as he held his cock near its base, pointing straight up. His cock head swelled even bigger. He cried out. His cock twitched and a huge stream of semen shot out, splashing on his neck. Another spurt shot out and landed on his chest, followed by two more equally forceful spurts. The camera zoomed in to then reveal a heavy flow of semen pouring steadily out, running down his shaft and down over his rather oversized balls. He moaned on and on through all this as Ann cooed encouragement in the background. If this video was intended to get Patti's attention, it certainly worked. She had never seen anything like this.

The next day neither of the women mentioned the tape. They both knew it had had the desired effect. "Ben really likes sexy nighties," Ann told Patti at lunch break. "Let's go shopping after work today and get something really special. We'll have a naughty pajama party that first evening." Patti was now rather completely under Ann's seduction.

It was the longest rest of the week in Patti's life. Ann and Ben were also beside themselves with excitement. They had done this before, several times, with each conquest just as exciting as the first. Each night in bed they discussed what they would do with Patti the coming weekend. And each night it led to incredible sex.

Friday evening finally arrived. Their hearts jumped when they heard Patti's knock on the front door. Ann was dressed in her new nightgown. It was a long, sheer, pale yellow gauze masterpiece she had picked out with Patti a few days earlier. Ben wore what Ann had suggested, a pair of somewhat sheer white stretch running shorts, showing off his muscular torso, with a very excited erection outlined along his belly. Patti was breathless when she saw them, realizing they had very erotic plans for her. After a quick, friendly kiss from each of them, Patti was led upstairs to change into her new nightgown. She rejoined them for wine and light snacks. They said little, just feeling the sexual tension among the three of them. Patti was fascinated finally seeing Ben's unique erection Ann had described. She trembled with anticipation, hungering but fearing having him eventually push himself deeply into her. 

Ann noticed Patti's fascination with Ben's anatomy. She led Patti to sit on the sofa with her, where they had Ben stand in front of them so they could strip him naked and explore him. Patti was fascinated with how he looked and felt in her hands and in her mouth, as Ann guided her. "He is going to fuck you so nice," Ann softly teased. "And he comes so hard. You're going to love it." Patti was breathless. And Ann was merciless. "But before her fucks you, we are going to give you lots and lots of warm, wet orgasms. 

Ann took Patti by the hand and led them all upstairs. Patti trembled with excitement being in their bedroom, anticipating what she was about to experience. Ben stepped close and kissed her, lightly at first, then again with growing passion and excitement. She felt his erection press and rub against her tummy, oozing slick warm juices all aver her. Ann stepped behind her and ran her hands down Patti's back and down her buttocks. Patti felt an unusual arousal have this man and this woman snuggling her. She moaned as Ann kissed the sides of her neck and slide the gown's straps down her shoulders. Ben kissed his way down her neck to her chest as Ann pulled the top of the gown down off her breasts. Patti gasped as Ann scooped her breasts into her hands and held them up to Ben's mouth. She moaned again as she felt Bens mouth suck as his tongue swirled over her nipples. Her gown dropped to the floor, leaving her feeling very naked.

Ann whispered in her ear, "I'll bet you are very wet about now." Patti could only smile and nod. Ben eased his way down her belly, kneeling at her feet as Ann mved her hands down Patti's belly to her pubis. Ann gently spread Patti's labia to expose her clitoris to Ben's eager mouth. She moaned loudly as he sealed his mouth around her labia and sucked her clitoris into his mouth. She moaned even louder as he began to swirl his tongue around her now very swollen clitoris. 

This was the strangest, most erotic sexual experience Patti had ever encountered. She was terrified, but intensely excited. She gave herself over to it. She leaned back against Ann, holding her wide for Ben's mouth, a climax beginning to build rapidly in her pelvis. She suddenly cried out as it swept over her. It was the first climax she had experienced in a long time, and the most intense ever. She could barely stand as it surged through her over and over.

Ann guided her to the bed and laid her on her back. Patti's excitement only grew, anticipating what was to come. She was quiet5ly frantic to feel Ben push that beautiful erection into her. Ann laid beside her and kissed her passionately as Ben crawled between Patti's legs, kissing his way up to her breasts. Ben and Ann each had a breast in their mouths, sucking and licking her nipples. She felt Ben's cock twitching against her thigh. She squirmed to get her pussy closer to it. He moved up a bit more and she felt his cock head nudge her pussy. He raised up in his hands and they all looked down. 

"Please," they heard her beg. Ann reached down and stroked Ben's cock head up and down her soaked slit. He moaned. She positioned him just right and he pushed. Patti moaned, feeling his massive head spread her opening. He pushed more and she moaned again as she felt him push into her. He slid all the way in, deep and steady. She cried out as his pubic bone bumped against hers. She was more full than she had ever before experienced. She felt Ann swirling her tongue over one nipple and her fingers pinch and pull at the other as Ben began a slow, deep, insistent fucking.

Patti was completely captured by lust as Ben pushed and fucked. She heard herself moaning shamelessly. She felt Ann's hand slide down between them and find her clitoris. Ann roiled Patti's clit in her fingers, adding enormous arousal to her incredible fucking. Patti was actually afraid of the building climax. She was unable to catch her breath as she grew more and more frantic with the impending explosion. She heard herself crying out loudly as her orgasm exploded. It went on and on, seemingly unable to find its conclusion. She almost begged them to stop. It was spectacular. By the time it finally faded, Ben increased the pace and force of his thrusts. All she could feel now was his huge cock head pushing its way through her tight muscles. Her complete desire now was to feel him come in her, thinking of what Ann had told her days before about his powerful ejaculation. 

"Go ahead, dear. Fuck her hard and deep," she heard Ann coax him. "He's going to really fill you up," Ann whispered in her ear, pushing Patti's excitement to even greater heights. "Feel him explode in you," she said encouragingly. Patti was breathless with the excitement of this beautiful, sexy, big man about to come in her. 

Ben cried out, "I'm coming... I'm coming!" Patti felt him swell even bigger and start to pulse.

"Feel him come," Ann encouraged her. 

"Yes, I feel him. I feel him," Patti moaned excitedly, feeling him suddenly twitch and then spurt, over and over, semen now flooding her, more and more, as it oozed out around his cock tightly stretching and filling her vagina. His ejaculation was huge. It went on and on, filling her, overflowing and running out of her and down her bottom. It was all that Ann had told her it would be and more. 

Ben laid on her as they both panted to catch their breath. Ann giggled softly, very excited at what they had done. "Isn't he good?" she teased. Patti could only nod, smiling. "And we are not even close to done with you," she added. Patti was again excited and afraid. 

Ben eventually rolled off her and laid back to recover. Ann resumed kissing Patti with growing passion. Patti again turned herself over to Ann as she kissed her weay to Patti's breasts. She licked on nipple as she reached down to scoop a handful off semen from her pussy. She sat up and massaged semen all over Patti's breasts. There was plenty to work with. Both women were deeply aroused by this. Soon Ann kissed her way down Patti's body to her pussy. She sucked Patti's now very swollen clitoris into her mouth and began a relentless sucking and swirling as she slipped finger after finger into Patti's flooded vagina. Patti felt herself slip back into a sexual trance as Ann filled her pussy with what felt like her entire hand. Ann fucked her with her hand as she licked Patti to another thunderous orgasm, and kept going to another and then another before becoming too tired to continue. 

Ann collapsed next to a now panting breathless Patti, now barely conscious. She let Patti rest and catch her breath. Minutes later she turned and whispered to her, "If you lick me, I think Ben would love to fuck you some more." Patti had never done that with another woman. She had never before thought of herself to be at all inclined toward that, but this was different, special, beyond normal sex that commanded uninhibited enjoyment. She was beyond making choices now, completely at the mercy of this couple. 

Ann gently guided Patti to her. Patti hesitantly, gently kissed her lips, then quickly gave in to it. They kissed passionately. Patti needed no further coaxing as she slid her hand down Ann's chest and over her breasts. They continued kissing as Ann's fingers toyed with Ann's nipples. Ann's moans encouraged and excited Patti further. She kissed her way to her breasts and began a new exploration with her mouth. Ann grew more and more excited, realizing Patti was enjoying erotic new discoveries. Patti dared to move her hand further, shy and hesitating, but forcing herself to keep going. She heard Ann moan as her fingers slipped through her pubic hair and down between her labia. Ann cried out as fingers slipped over her clitoris. Patti explored with her hand, marveling at the feel of warm labia, a swollen sensitive clitoris, finally further down to the hot, wet entrance of her vagina, now swollen shut but inviting entrance. Patti felt exhilarated at what we was discovering, growing as excited as Ann from the touch. 

Ann and Ben had discussed this fantasy many times. They had it specifically planned. Ann whispered to Patti, "Ben wants very much to fuck you while you lick me." Patti suddenly realized how choreographed this all really was, and how much this couple had control of her now. She was helpless, and she felt wonderfully excited by turning herself over to their sex. She slid down and laid between Ann's legs. She draped her arms over Ann's thighs and positioned her face over Ann's pubis. She allowed herself to enjoy this, examining Ann's intimate anatomy, resuming exploration with her hands and, now, her eyes and, soon, her mouth. She spread Ann's labia and examined every fold and swell. Her sex smelled exquisite. She watched her fingers touch and tease Ann's clitoris, hearing her responses. She finally dared to watch her fingers shyly ease their way, just a bit, into the swollen opening of Ann's vagina. The pulsing and moist warmth invited her deeper. Ann moaned again as her fingers slid all the way in. She dared to add another, then another as Ann moaned louder and more excitedly.

"Please," Ann begged, "lick me, please. Make me come, please." Patti had never done this before but she knew exactly what to do, merely by doing what she liked having done to herself. Ann immediately began to moan on and on, lost in her lust. Patti heard Ben softly encourage her, "She loves to be licked. No matter how hard she comes, just keep licking her. She will climax over and over." This greatly excited Patti, being coached and taught new sex.

As Patti proceeded to thoroughly immerse herself in licking and fingering Ann, she felt Ben move in behind her. She realized he was going to slip into her from behind and fuck her as she licks Ann. She always loved being fucked from behind, but it had been years. Her heart pounded and and she was breathless with an excitement she had never before felt. She felt him spread her legs a bit and his hard, hot erection slide along her bottom. She lifted her hips to offer her pussy to him. She felt him position that huge cock head against her pussy. She was still very wet and he slid into her with one slippery but very tight push. She moaned against Ann's pussy as she felt her suddenly overfilled with hard, excited cock. Ann suddenly cried out as Patti felt her vagina begin to pulse around her fingers. Ann had an enormous orgasm, thrashing and grunting and crying out.

Patti felt her sanity begin to run away as she was overpowered with the intensity of licking this woman, feeling her vagina orgasm tightly around her hand, with her own pussy being enormously overfilled with a somewhat oversized erection from a very excited man pushing into her from behind. It was overwhelming. She felt an orgasm sweep over her. She never climaxes without direct clitoral stimulation, but this time was different, very different. She had the deepest, strongest gut-wrenching orgasm ever. Ben was becoming more and more excited and fucked her harder and deeper, pounding her to yet another even more powerful orgasm that seemed to go on forever. She tried as best as she could to keep licking as Ann began her own series non-stop orgasms. 

The women were swept up in an incredible cascade or orgasms. Ben smiled as he watched and felt them coming beneath him. He kept up his pace of relentless fucking. Their orgasms finally faded. Patti rested her head on Ann's panting belly as Ben began a slow, deep, deliberate fucking, now seeking his second ejaculation. "I'm going to come," Ben moaned.

"Yes, I feel it," Patti moaned.

Ben yelled loudly as he exploded deep inside Patti. Spurt after spurt splashed against her cervix. He pumped a huge load of semen into her, forcing it to flow heavily from her with each deep push. His ejaculation was unlike any Patti had ever felt.

They dozed for nearly an hour, tangled together in a naked, wet pile before getting up and returning downstairs, naked, for wine a period of friendly giggling. Ben and Ann especially enjoyed teasing Patti about the stream of semen that flowed out of her as she walked about. And Patti felt not compulsion to wipe it off. She, instead, wore it proudly. 

They finally went to bed, the three of them cuddled up tightly with Patti in the middle. Patti awoke several times that night to Ann kissing her face as Ben gently fucked her from behind. He was not about to climax again that night, but he stayed hard and snuck into her pussy several times that night. She found it very romantic.
