 "Sam, we're going to run out of gas! Why didn't you stop when we had the chance?"

I knew this would provoke an argument, but I couldn't help it - my boyfriend was so stubborn about things like this, and it drove me up the wall!

"Don't worry, Julia, we'll make it just fine. Trust me!"

"Yeah, right. Just like a few hours ago, when you refused to ask for directions, and we wasted all that time on the wrong highway? That's part of the reason we're running out of gas, you know."

"Hey, quit hassling me. It'll be fine."

"Come on, you two," John chimed in from the backseat, "don't argue, it's not helping anything."

"Yeah, you're right, John. I think I'll try the silent treatment for a while," and with that I slumped into my seat, certain that we were going to run out of gas in the middle of nowhere, but knowing it wouldn't do any good to yell at Sam about it any more.

Sam and John were best friends from way back, and the three of us were on our way to a wedding that we had decided to turn into a road trip - we could have flown there, but we all needed a vacation from work, so decided to take a few extra days. Plus, John had just been through an ugly breakup a few weeks back, and Sam and I decided a change of scenery might do him some good.

After another 15 miles or so, the engine began making some unfortunate noises, and my worst fears were confirmed. Sam avoided my glance as he pulled the car over to the side of the road. We sat there in uncomfortable silence for a few moments - silence that made it obvious there wouldn't be any other passing motorists anytime soon to offer us help. Just as I opened my mouth to offer up an "I told you so," Sam put up his hand and spoke first, "Yeah, yeah. I know, it's my fault. Listen, I think we're only a couple of miles from the next town. I'll get out and walk, and hopefully somebody there will be willing to give me a ride back, and we'll be out of here before you know it."

"Hey, man, I'll go with you!" John offered, but Sam quickly declined.

"No, buddy - thanks, but why don't you stay here with Julia, I want to make sure she's OK."

John agreed, and we watched him walk along the shoulder of the highway, getting smaller and smaller until he finally disappeared over the horizon.

"God, he can make me crazy. Has he always been this stubborn?"

"Oh, yeah," John replied. "But he's also a great guy, definitely the best friend I've ever had."

"Oh, I know. I wouldn't be with him otherwise. But I just wish he'd listen sometimes, especially when I know I'm right." I put my arms up in the air in a long stretch, and then returned each hand to one of my shoulders, trying to rub out some of the tension I'd built up as we argued.

"Here, let me help you with that," John offered. Since he was still in the back seat, directly behind me, it was easy for him to put his hands on my shoulders.

"Sure, John, thanks." I let my head fall back on the headrest as his big, strong hands worked on my shoulders. "That's nice," I said softly, thinking to myself that he gave an awfully good shoulder rub. He continued rubbing my shoulders as we shot the breeze, doing our best to kill time while we waited for Sam to return.

"I have to say, John, you're awfully good with your hands! That's the best shoulder rub I've had in a long time!"

"I'd be happy to continue with your back, if you'd like to come sit back here with me?"

"Sure, why not. It is a little weird, anyway, talking to you from the front seat - I can't even see you!" I opened the door, walked around to the driver's side of the car, and climbed into the back seat next to him.

"OK, now get ready for the backrub of your life. I'm going to remove every ounce of tension, you won't even remember that your silly stubborn boyfriend left us on the side of the road, out of gas."

I chuckled, and turned my back towards him, scooting close enough that he could easily reach me with his hands. Again, his fingers worked their magic, and I indeed felt my tension dripping away. Before long I realized that I was no longer sitting up on my own, but rather letting myself lean into his hands. I could feel him moving a bit closer to me on the seat, and now my head rested on his shoulder as he continued working my lower back with his hands.

We continued to talk about everything under the sun, and commented a few times when a car went speeding by at how rude it was for people not to stop and see if we needed any help. His fingers were now under my loose-fitting blouse, and I noticed that he had to keep avoiding my bra strap as he worked that part of my back. Just as I noticed this, his fingers now lingered there, and he whispered in my ear, "Would you mind if I undid this? I'm not trying to put the moves on you, it would just give me a lot better access."

"Yeah, sure, John, I trust you!" As soon as the words left my lips, he quickly unhooked the bra, and immediately began working the middle of my back just as effectively as he had my shoulders and lower back. As he wound up his work, I quite literally melted into him, and turned my head, which was still resting on his shoulder, to say "thank you." As our eyes met, I suddenly was hit with the intimacy of the situation. Our lips were just a few inches apart, and before I really realized what I was doing, I found myself kissing him passionately.

Just as quickly, I realized what I was doing - starting to make out with my boyfriend's best friend - and pulled away again. "God, John, I'm sorry, I just meant to say 'thank you'!"

"No, Julia, don't be sorry. Truth is, I've fantasized about kissing you ever since the first time I laid eyes on you. If Sam weren't my best friend, I would have been trying to steal you away from him all this time."

"Really? Wow, John, I'm flattered! But still, I'm not sure we should go any further. After all, Sam might be back soon."

John clearly wasn't going to let this opportunity pass him by, and rather than answering my last comment, reached his hands around my torso and took my tits in his hands, firmly pinching my nipples as he kissed me again. I couldn't help but respond, and the contrast between his gentle backrub and this firm grasp on my boobs had me immediately hot.

"I've wanted you for a long time, Julia. Wanted to touch your long blonde hair, to grab your beautiful tits, to look into your deep blue eyes as I fuck you."

"Oh, yes, John. I want you too," I said, turning to face him. Completely turned on by his comments about my body, I quickly stripped for him in the back seat, pulling off my blouse and already unhooked bra and then slipping out of my shorts and panties. As I kneeled on the seat next to him, he leaned forward and took one of my tits in his mouth, sucking it while his hand found my sex. He slowly stroked around the outside of my already-wet pussy, occasionally darting over my hard clit. As he pleasured me, I unfastened his belt and unzipped his jeans, and began massaging his cock, still hidden in his boxers.

His cock quickly grew in response to my touch, and I could tell it would be impressive when he was hard. I didn't want to wait any longer to see it and feel it in my hands, and then my mouth, and then my pussy, and roughly pulled down his jeans and boxers to free him. He protested at first when I pulled away from him, but when he realized it was to position myself to suck his cock, he gave in. I cradled his balls in one hand, encircled the base of his cock with the other, and then took the rest of his length into my mouth. He was still growing, and I loved the feel of him inside my mouth, twitching as he grew and hardened. As soon as he was fully erect, I began bobbing up and down on him, and before long he gathered up my long hair in his hands and used it to guide me as he fucked my mouth.

I had forgotten everything - that we were in the back seat of a car, that my boyfriend would likely be back any minute - and was only aware of the present moment. All of my energy was focused on pleasuring his cock, and anticipating the moment when I could feel him inside of my dripping wet pussy. 

He pulled me off of his cock one last time, and we changed positions. He moved to the center of the back seat, his cock standing at attention, and I straddled him, slowly lowering myself down onto his length. He was bigger than Sam, and at first I couldn't take all of his thick hard cock into my tight little pussy. But he was patient, allowing me to work slowly to take more and more of him into me, until my clit finally met his skin, and I paused for a moment, enjoying the fullness. Once there, I started grinding against him in a slow, circular motion, before finally giving in to the urge to fuck and riding up and down on his cock.

It was at this moment - which was either exactly the right moment or exactly the wrong one - that I noticed out of the corner of my eye that Sam was watching us. I froze in place, John's cock buried deep inside of me, and couldn't help but think that perhaps fucking Sam's best friend was a bit of an extreme reaction to his running out of gas, and that he had every right to be furious with both of us. I had no idea how long he had been standing there outside the car, how much he had seen - and I couldn't tell what he was thinking, the expression on his face was so mysterious.

As he opened the door, John and I could both plainly see that Sam's cock was bulging. "Well, you two - I can see you've kept busy while I was gone!"

"And this sight turns you on, does it?" I said, grabbing at his crotch.

"Frankly, yes! I noticed the car rocking from down the road, and it was obvious what you two were up to. At first I was angry and jealous, but as I watched you through the window, it was just hot! And then I couldn't help thinking about that threesome you've always wanted, Julia."

As he said this, I was overcome with renewed desire, and began moving on John's cock again. Sam reached into the front seat and pushed the driver's seat as far forward as it could go, and then climbed into the car with us, closing the door behind him. He quickly pulled down his pants and boxers and began stroking his cock as he watched us fuck in front of him. There was something incredibly erotic about the close quarters of the car's back seat - the sounds and smells and heat of sex were overwhelming in the small space.

"Yes, John, fuck her! Fuck that tight little pussy as I get ready to fuck her ass." Sam had often asked me to tell him how I fantasized about being fucked by two men at once, but I don't think either of us thought we'd ever act on it. John was now furiously thrusting in and out of my pussy, and began gradually pulling us down onto the seat into a position that would give Sam access to join the action.

Once John and I were almost horizontal, I felt Sam come up behind me and begin rubbing his hard cock against my asshole. He had fucked me anally before, but never with another man's cock in my pussy, so I knew this would be a delightfully tight fit. John slowed his rhythm down to almost nothing to give Sam the chance to press into me, and I cried out in a mixture of pain and delight as he entered me. Sam waited for a few moments with about two inches inside me, and then began slowly pressing again, his cock gradually filling me as John again picked up the pace.

I almost immediately began what was to be the longest orgasm of my life - the sensations were so powerful that I lost all control, and was at the mercy of the cocks thrusting simultaneously in and out of my two holes. John came first, our long fucking session finally bringing him to a climax. Sam held through that, and then began thrusting harder as John's cock wilted inside my pussy. As I was in the last throes of my orgasm, just clinging to reality, Sam groaned as he shot his load deep in my ass.

After a few minutes, we managed to pull ourselves together, get back into our seats, and start off on the road again, rolling down the windows as we drove to release some of the sauna-like heat that had built up during our wild fucking session.

After a few minutes of silence, nobody really sure what to say, John finally spoke up, "If the back seat of your lousy old car was that good, Sam, imagine what we can do in the hotel room tonight!"