 Those of you that had read my previous stories would know that my wife Jordan and I enjoy group sex, dogging, swingers parties, gangbangs and rape fantasies.

This story relates a little bit to the last topic, rape fantasies.

Jordan was extremely confident and knew that once guys realised they were guaranteed a fuck, they would relax and be like puppy dogs.

Working as hooker for two years, taught her as much.

After her two years hooking and 7 years of gangbangs, Jordan wanted to keep pushing her boundaries and so did I.

She went out to town, gangbang and swinger parties on her own at times and especially in town she got to fulfill her rape fantasies.

There were times she would get pushed into alleys and fucked by groups of guys. A soon as they realised she was into it they would calm down and just take turns fucking her.

Sometimes she would be scratched. Sometimes she would have her clothes ripped but she was never punched or anything serious. 

At times guys would see her wedding ring and ask "does you husband know you're out here on your own, dressed like a whore, sucking cocks and fucking strangers?"

She would say "yes he does and he loves it."

"Well."" they would reply "we better fuck your brains out."

One night Jordan was going into detail about one of her nights out when I came up with an idea.

"Hey." I asked her. "What if during the day we went to a park and I tied you to a table, wearing a long dress the guys could lift up to fuck you?"

"Wouldn't a short skirt be better?" Jordan asked.

"So you like the idea then?" I asked.

"It sounds hot babe. I wanna do it!" Jordan replied. "Where will you be? There or not?"

"Yes i will be hiding in bushes recording everything" I said.

"Mmmmm. You going to get some of the guys I've fucked already or just hope strangers show up?" Jordan asked excitedly.

"I was thinking maybe get a few guys you know and tell them whats happening the put the word out. What do you think?" I asked

Jordan was rubbing her clit while we were talking and said to me "I wanna suck your cock so bad now." and ripped open my pants and started sucking me. "Tell me more!" she gasped.

"Well" I said trying to talk. "I was going to advertise something like 'free slut to fuck at such and such park on whatever date' on the adult sites we're on and see what happens."

Jordan deep throated me and said "Fuck yeah. Do it! We might get a big turnout."

"Yeah hun. That worries me a bit." I replied.

"Why?" Jordan said surprised. "I will just fuck them all then they leave. No problems with that is there?"

"Well." I said trying to talk while Jordan was sucking the life out of me and obviously excited as she was still rubbing her clit. "We could end up with 50 or so guys."

"Hey." Jordan replied licking the end of my cock and looking up at me. "You've always said push the boundaries. Push your limits. Some nights I've been out and almost fucked an entire football team when they're out celebrating. This will be fun. Now fuck me!"

I pushed Jordan onto the floor and went down on her. She was dripping wet. Like soaking wet. 

I shoved 4 fingers into her pussy and she groaned. 

"Fist me or fuck me but do it now!" she called out.

I fisted the fuck out of her and she was loving it. Jordan's once tight pussy was stretched so I could easily fist her. 

The years of gangbangs and swingers parties plus her going out on her own have not only made Jordan confident and extremely horny, like 24/7 but on the negative her pussy has been stretched a lot. 

For those of you reading this that may have fucked Jordan (strong chance of that!!) shes had her clit and tongue pierced. Next she wants a couple of rings on each of her pussy lips.

Fast forward two weeks. I put the add in Craigs list (they banned it) and advertised on the sex/adult sites we're on.

Guys that were interested made contact and gave their mobiles number so I could text details. I also told guys Jordan's fucked before about the plan outdoor fuckfest.

Using Google earth, we found a safe, suitable location that didn't look like it was used too often (don't want kids showing up!!)

During the week I drove around and checked out a few locations and found a great one a bit out of the city but it would be worth the drive.

On the way up Jordan was sucking my cock which was a bit dangerous but she was so excited.

When we got there Jordan said "where's the bench. The table?"

I said "sorry hun, I couldn't find a place that wasn't too public with a picnic table."

I laid a blanket out on the grass and said "this will be more comfortable."

Jordan nodded and laid back with her legs open. I just had to fuck her. So I did.

She said "I thought I had to be tied up? I don't look very vulnerable"

I was busy sending multiple duplicate texts to everyone saying 'come now' with the address location.

"Do you want to be tied up?" I asked "because I have rope in the car?"

"Of course!" Jordan replied. "Just tie my hands to the tree behind me."

I just finished tying Jordan up when a 60+ year old guy turned up. "Hey. What the fuck are you doing mate?" he asked.

Jordan said "Hey calm down!" and explained what we were doing and how she wanted it to happen.

"So." The guy asked "Is this for anyone to join in? Even older guys like me?"

"Yes, obviously" Jordan replied.

"And no condoms or anything?" he asked.

"Nope. Just a free for all." Jordan replied.

"Can I call all my mates to join in?" he asked getting excited.

"Yes. Now you wanna fuck me?" Jordan asked.

The guys pulled down his pants and he had a decent size weapon on him, easy 8".

Jordan groaned when he shoved it in and started fucking her.

"Fuck!" the guys said. "you're a loose slut. Just how I like my whores"

For an old guy he had a gutter mouth.

He was still going when a group of guys turned up. 

"Hi. Just answered your add and you text. Wow its real and happening!" One asked.

"Fuck the old cunts going for it!" they were saying.

One guy walked around and shoved his cock in Jordan's mouth and she hungrily sucked it. Next thing the old guy blew his load and fell back on the grass.

"Man. That was great" he said. "I better tell my mates. Fuck where did you all come from?" he asked as he looked around.

At this stage there were 8 guys waiting their turn and a few more could be heard talking heading in our direction.

"Ok whos next?" Jordan asked. "I'm just warming up here"

Of course they guys all went running towards Jordan, sucking her tits, kissing her, rubbing her clit and of course fucking her.

Anyway after about an hour and 6 guys done and dusted we could hear more guys coming towards us. It looked like a day out for a retirement village. I swear 20 old geezers 60-70 years old turned up.

Jordan asked for a drink, looked at them and said "Hey. This wont take long. Bring it!"

How wrong she was. Some of the guys were not only equipped with big fat cocks but had the energy and stamina of 20 year olds. OK they weren't fast and furious, but they plodded along at a decent rate.

In between the old brigade, Jordan fucked a few young guys. Some were teenagers by the look of them and that they came too quickly, but the oldies all had a turn.

We had 5 guys turn up that looked like they were in a bikie club. Scary looking, covered in tatts, but very polite and respectful.

At the end of the day Jordan fucked and sucked 63 guys!! 63. I actually kept count. Some only lasted 1 minute. Some lasted a fucking long time.

It turned out that a few were just hiking and heard the noise and were pleasantly surprised when they saw what was happening.

A lot of the guys that showed up that Jordan hadn't already fucked, she ended up either fucking again or catching up with them and their friends at private home parties.

The old guys? Nope a once off, but they had a great story to tell together.