 Jessica folded her book over a finger and looked around. She spotted the restroom facilities about halfway across the park. Her car was the other direction. Making a decision, she sighed, placed her bookmark, and rose from the bench to make her way down the path. 

The warmth of the spring sun washed over her. It felt so good to leave the coats, jackets, and heavy woolen clothes behind and be outside. Not as good as summer would feel, lying outside with the smallest bikini she could manage, feeling the sun stroking her cocoa slathered exposed skin. But, definately better than covering the body she had been blessed with in layers upon layers of clothing. With her chest, warm layers of clothing made her feel like the wife of the Staypuff Marshmellow Man. Now, she could once again wear the clothes that showed her massive mammories tapering to her waspish waist, leaving no doubt that she was a woman with a woman's figure.

Jessica loved the attention her chest gained from men, and no few women. She looked good, in the right clothes, and she knew it. Or in no clothes at all for that matter. Occassionally, she fantasized about going completely topless, but the girls needed support. She glanced down and her swaying breasts filled her vision, blocking out any sight of the body below them or the feet that were carrying her towards the restroom. No, she would never trade her beautiful bosom for a smaller set that could go unsupported just so that she could go topless comfortably. After all, without them, what would be the point?

She smiled to herself as her eyes lifted towards her destination. Then stopped and the smile slowly faded as her eyes read the printing on the piece of cardboard.

"Out of order." Jessica moaned. "Oh, fuck me."

Her eyes looked back towards her car all the way across the park from where she now stood. If she could make it, she could drive somewhere else.

But, her bladder screamed that she would pay if she waited just one more minute. Her eyes drifted to the other side, clearly marked "men". She clenched her thighs together as her body tried to void the liquid stored in her bladder for too long.

"Fuck it." Jessica whispered to herself. "It's an emergency."

Shoving the door open, she readied an apology to any men that might be within. But there was no one. Stains and debris met her eyes as she took hurried mincing steps to the stalls.

"Men are such pigs." Her nose wrinkled in distaste. Then she giggled as she thought about last night and corrected herself. "Baby piglets."

All thoughts of her latest lover and his infatile infatuation with her boobs fled as she raced the growing pressure to lift her skirt and try to get her panties down. In her haste she heard a rip.

"Dammit! These were new!" Jessica held up the scrap of material that had been a sexy purple thong. The waist band had ripped on both sides. "Oh God."

Jessica moaned in relief so great that it was almost pleasure as the splashing river gushed from her into the waiting water below. Not quite as good as an orgasm, the relief of a much needed piss was a definite second on the list of good feelings. And she had needed this piss. Badly. That was the whole reason she was here in the men's restroom.

The immediate need past, she glanced around as the gushing river became a trickling rivulet and tapered off to stop. Her eyes flickered over the scribbled writings sampling past patrons wit on the walls of the stall.

"Well, at least they are half right." Jessica giggled to herself as she reached for the toilet paper. "Oh, you have got to be fucking kidding me?!"

Jessica stared at her hand clutching at an empty toilet paper tube.

"This just isn't my day." She sighed. Her eyes fell on the now useless scrap of material in her hand. "Well fuck it. Sixty dollar toilet paper."

Once she had run the too delicate silk across herself, she stopped just before her fingers loosed it. A mischevious grin flitted across her face. Instead of dropping it in the yellowed water, she tucked it around the tube where toilet paper should have been. After a moment's thought, she reached behind her and unclasped the matching bra. It was a matching set after all, and it wasn't like she wasn't going to have to swing by home for a fresh set of panties anyway, so why not?

Her fingers began working the buttons on her blouse. It felt decidedly wicked to be baring her chest here in the men's room at the park, even if it was only for a moment and no one was here to see. The much larger piece of purple fabric that had contained her chest was stuffed up with her piss scented thong for some nasty man to find once she was gone.

She laughed quietly to herself as she imagined some stranger sitting there, holding up her huge bra, and began rebuttoning her blouse, preparing to leave before anyone could come in. But, she was too late.

Her fingers froze as she looked at the stall door and sent up a silent prayer that they wouldn't need this stall. Her nipples crinkled at the thought of them opening the stall door and catching her here.

"Oh, yeah. This one is hot for it all right." A deep voice said.

Hot for it? What the hell did that mean? Jessica wondered as she stood silently. Who says "hot for it" when they need to piss?

Then she heard a distinctly feminine voice giggling. Jessica felt her eyes widen as she clapped a hand over her mouth. Oh my God, she thought. They can't be doing what I think they are doing.

Stealing closer to the stall door, Jessica peered through the gap. She gasped at what she saw.

Four men were surrounding a woman that was barely more than a girl while a fifth stood by the door. Their hands were roaming all over her petite body. Jessica could see the material of the girls blouse and skirt bunching under their coarse hands as she writhed against them, moaning in obvious pleasure. Their muscular bodies were pressing in around her and soon hid the girl from view.

Holy shit! Jessica thought. Should I say something? Are they raping her? But, the girls words, the first she had spoken, set any idea that she might not be consenting as far away as the east lies from the west.

"Get those big cocks out for me," Her voice rang loud and clear. "Let me see some of that prime grade A beef you are sporting for me."

Holy shit! Jessica thought. Holy shit! Holy shit!

Her nipples ached as she pressed her face more tightly against the door, trying to see something through the crack. Anything!

Jessica could just make out the girl now kneeling in the center of that forest of eight legs, but nothing above the girls small chest. Not that virtually every girl's chest wasn't smaller than hers smashed against the stall door, but one of the guys tremendous thighs was bigger around than the woman child's entire body.

"You sure you're eighteen?" The guy beside the door called. "You look about fourteen. And we don't need cops sniffing around for statutory."

"I'm twenty-four." The girl spat back from within her private pen of strong legs. "Sorry, but I didn't think to bring my ID for a quick noon gangbang."

"Dude, if you can't handle it, wait outside." The biggest of the men, and the single biggest man Jessica had ever seen growled. "She says she's over twenty. That's good enough for me."

"Yeah, maybe I better." The much shorter man replied. "Sorry, but tiny little school bitch isn't doing a thing for me anyway."

And he was gone and the bathroom door was swinging shut with him on the other side, leaving just the four men around the petite young thing and Jessica, watching what little she could see, unseen in return.

"You're not lying to us, right bitch?" The huge man growled. "If this is some bullshit, if I find out you are seventeen and a half and this comes back to bite my dick, I will find you. I will find you and your whole family. Your great grandparents will be sorry their parents ever felt each other up."

"I'm not lying, asshole." The girl spat back. "You think I don't know what I look like? Like someone's baby kid sister? But, I'm a grown ass woman with a grown woman's needs. And I need some hard cock, so pull them out or get the fuck out of my way and I'll go see if I can fool some kinky ass into little girls into thinking I'm younger than I really am."

"Whoa, whoa." The big man roared with laughter. "You are a feisty little bitch aren't you? If you say you are legal, that's fine. We've got what you need right here."

Jessica could hear a zipper and a meaty thwack of something fleshy slapping against flesh.

"I just wanted to make sure you knew that if you lied to us and fucked us," the big man growled, "that the fucking you would get in return wouldn't be the good kind. Now put that bitchy mouth to a better use."

The slapping sound came again. Jessica couldn't see what was happening for sure, just the petite woman kneeling in their midst from her small chest down. But, as her hands came up off the floor to disappear with her shoulders and head, and her torso began to move, Jessica could well imagine what must have been happening.

Jessica moaned as the wet slurping sounds fueled her imagination. God, she wanted to see it so bad. The frustration of imagining what must be happening inside that forest of legs but unable to see it for sure writhed within her like a living thing. Her hand slipped inside her still open blouse and rubbed at her aching breast as she wondered what it would feel like to be kneeling there herself, with four hard cocks out for her own personal enjoyment.

The meaty slap of flesh on flesh sounded again. The big man laughed.

"You like being cock slapped, slut?" He asked.

Jessica moaned in anguish as the thought of a large fleshy cock slapping against her cheek filled her mind. Her other hand pressed against the aching emptiness of her crotch as the one inside her blouse tweaked her nipple between thumb and forefinger. She felt a wetness trickle between her thighs from a need different from the one that had driven her in here.

"I'd like it better slapping inside my juicy cunt", the girl panted.

Strong hands grasped the girl's waist and lifted her from the floor. For just a moment, she looked like she was floating there between them. Then her knees unfolded and her feet touched the ground.

Jessica closed her eyes for just a moment, savoring the image and wondering what it would feel like to have powerful hands lift her completely off the ground. Wondering what it would feel like to have their strength manipulating her body any way they wanted it. Anyway they did, she would want it that way too. She was sure of it. As sure as she was standing here in this filthy men's bathroom watching four men do filthy things to a filthy slut.

A small whimper escaped Jessica as she opened her eyes to see what was happening. The men had shifted and she had a clear view from where she stood of the smaller woman bent at the waist with her skirt thrown up over her hips.

"Oh, fuck yes!" The diminuative woman hissed as her mouth came off the cock in front of her while the man behind her thrust his forward.

Jessica reached for the bottom of her own skirt with a trembling hand. She caressed the inside of her damp thigh as she watched the small woman take the waiting cock back in her mouth. As the young looking woman waved her hand in the air and a man stepped forward to let her grasp his cock, Jessica's hand pressed against her swollen, aching, empty pussy.

"Well, well. What have we here?"

Jessica screamed as a hand grabbed her hair. Looking up, she saw the big leader looking over the stall, reaching over the stall to pull her up on her toes by her hair.

"Enjoying the show, cunt?"

Jessica wanted to scream, to rail against him, to open the door and run as far and as fast as she could. But, she was powerless in his grip on her hair as he opened the door to the stall where she had hidden.

"Fuck me! Would you get a load of those tits?" The one getting a handjob said.

"Damn!" The one behind the petite girl exclaimed.

Tears streaming from the tight pull against her scalp, Jessica managed to glance down to see that her hand working to relieve the ache in her chest had undone one of the ones she had managed to get redone before they had come in. Her blouse was open, revealing her cleavage and the full roundness of the insides of her tits almost to her puckered nipples.

The man in the tiny woman's mouth was staring and licking his lips. The young woman grunted around her mouthful of cock as her eyes rolled, staring at Jessica.

"Who the fuck is this?" The one who had stepped outside was standing in the open door across the room of urinals and sinks.

If only this big guy wasn't holding my hair, I could make it to that door I bet. Jessica thought.

"No clue." The hand was suddenly gone from her hair. "Some bitch that was watching us and finger fucking her pussy. You want to look, cunt? Go on over there and take a good look."

She was free. She could get away. She could run for the door and, if she could get past the much smaller man there, she could get out of here and be halfway to her car while they were still zipping themselves up.

Jessica took one tentative step and then another towards that open door. Her passage to freedom. But, her eyes were fixed on the quartet that wasn't slowing in the slightest. If anything, the man fucking her pussy was pounding into her harder, forcing her mouth to take the cock there deeper into her throat.

Jessica's feet stopped as she watched the fucking before her.

"Like what you see?" That deep voice growled from behind her.

Jessica could only nod as she felt the press of a big body behind her. She was so hot that even if there had still been a foot of snow on the ground outside, she would have been able to strip to a bikini and bask in the glorious heat. Jessica felt the familiar tickle of sweat under her full tits and her nipples were so tight they hurt as she watched the girl being fucked in her pussy and her face with a third cock grasped in her hand.

Jessica moaned as she felt big hands on her waist. She swayed as she felt those large hands slid across her stomach. Her knees bent, trying to hurry the passage of those hands across the expanse of her belly to her tits.

She gasped when instead of grasping her tits, the hands grasped her almost open blouse instead and with a sharp tug sent the last fastened buttons bouncing across the tile floor to fall in the urinals. Her naked tits were on display for everyone in the room to see.

"Oh, fuck yeah." The one in her hand groaned. "Those are some fucking awesome tits man."

"Miss, are you all right?" The short one by the door asked.

"Shut the fuck up, pussy. I should have never brought your ass in on this shit." The big man growled as his huge hands cupped her massive chest, lifting them and kneading them.

"You shut the fuck up or I will take your ass out." The small man growled back. "I don't do rape. Period. If she's good with this, then fine. If she's not, you will let her go or we will find out once and for all if you are just big instead of big and bad."

The fucking stopped as first the one in the much smaller woman's hand and then the one in her mouth pulled away and stepped to one side. The one fucking her from behind picked her up and stepped aside as well, until only Jessica and her exposed bust stood between the two men.

The air of danger as the men faced off was intoxicating on the heels of the sexy gangfuck that had been interrupted. Two men were going to fight over her naked body. Jessica couldn't quite hide the shiver of pleasure that rippled up her body. She looked down at the huge hands that couldn't come close to wrapping around her chest, but she thought the fist they would make would be as big as the smaller mans head. He would get his ass kicked.

Only... Looking back at him, Jessica wasn't so sure. He radiated a quite power standing there. He was short, but thick with muscle. He stepped closer to them and the step was graceful and smooth. The hands on her stopped moving. She wanted to grab them and make them keep going. She wanted to scream at the asshole standing there for interrupting when it was feeling so good.

"Miss?" His eyes bored into hers. "I need to hear you say it. Do you want to stay or go?"

Go, Jessica's mind screamed. Get the fuck out of here and run like hell before these two thugs pull guns or knives or whatever the fuck.

"S-stay." Jessica rasped, her normally smooth voice husky with need. "I want to stay. I want some of what she is having."

"Fuck you, bitch!" The girl spat. "These are my cocks. Mine! Take your jumbo fun bags and get the fuck out so we can get back to it."

"Your cocks?" The smaller, quieter one said, looking over at her. "I already said I'm not into little boys. So you weren't getting any of this one any way. But if this sexy woman wants some, she can have all she wants."

"Fine!" The little hellcat spat. "Take her fat ass and her jumbo tits somewhere and fuck her. But, I get the rest."

"Throw the bones to the dogs." A small grin lit up his face. "A real man needs some meat to be happy."

"Fuck you, motherfucker!"

"I already said, no thanks." He shrugged and looked back into Jessica's eyes. "What about you? May I be a dirty boy and take you here and now and do dirty things in this dirty place to you?"

"Oh fuck." Jessica moaned and swayed in the massive arms holding her up. She nodded yes. She needed... She wanted... Whatever this man and the one behind her could do to her, she desired nothing more in her life than to find out what it could be.

"What about it, Tank?" He looked over her head. "Do we fuck her or fuck each other up?"

Jessica felt the massive body at her back bounce as he roared with laughter. 

"We fuck her." The big man laughed. "But if your cock is as big as your balls, I'd better do the ass work. 'Cause you'd kill her."

Jessica whimpered and felt a trickle of wetness between her thighs. Two men she didn't know were discussing fucking her right in the middle of a toilet filled room. They were talking about which one would take her ass while, she imagined, the other would be deep inside her pussy. Her hands reached behind her to feel the big man still hanging out of his open fly.

"If you want some, you better get over here," The one called "Tank" said as her hands found him and grasped at him. "Looks like she's starting without you."

"I don't know," The smaller one folded his arms and smiled wickedly. "I'm not convinced she wants me any closer. After all, she hasn't asked."

"Oh, I get it." Tank laughed. "You want to hear the little slut beg for it. Well, honey? Will you beg for it like a little cock hungry slut? He might leave if you don't. Then it would be just the one in your hand for you."

Jessica looked over to see the young hellcat on her knees in front of the three other men. Her hands were working double time on the cocks of the men on either side of her while her head bobbed back and forth on the one in front of her. That scrawny little bitch was working three cocks for all she was worth while Jessica, obviously more of a woman, held only one.

"P-please." Jessica moaned. "Please."

The smaller man stepped closer and unfolded his arms. Jessica gasped as thick fingers plucked at her nipples. The cock in her hands twitched and got harder.

"Please what?" He almost whispered. Jessica had to strain to hear the quite words over the susurrating blood in her ears. "What do you mean? You mean you want more than one cock fucking you here in this disgusting bathroom where men come to piss like some slutty little whore?"

"Yes!" Jessica screamed. "For fuck's sake, yes! Give me that fucking cock. Get it out now or get the fuck out and send in someone that will. Fuck me. Please, God, fuck me!"

"Holy shit!" The big man holding her chuckled. "I think she means it, Shrew. You better get those pants down before I let her go or I think SHE might rape YOU."
