 "The Cube? What is this movie about? Some kind of horror stuff?" I heard Steve from the living room.

"Put it in and check it out," Mike answered.

I froze. Which DVD were they talking about? The sci-fi-horror directed by Vincenzo Natali in the '90s or its home porn version made up by my boyfriend in the hand-made cube on our backyard? I hoped the guys didn't find our sex tape. I put down the tray on the kitchen table and peeked into the living room: Mike, my boyfriend and his buddy, Bud were sitting on the sofa around the TV, watching as Steve was on his knees, inserting the DVD in the player. He was a muscular guy, with huge tattoos on his arms and a pair of wired glasses to his grey hair. Bud was his opposite: a black, bold stumpy guy, always merry and cheerful. I just got home from work, and hadn't had a slightest idea about these guys coming over until a few minutes ago. But I tried to keep calm and act like a proper host for my husband's friends.

"Hey, guys," I said, entering the living room with a tray in my hands, full of beer, "I don't feel like watching that old geeky movie again. Why don't we do something else?"

It was late. I could see by the sparkles in Mike's eyes he was game.

"Come on, honey!" he said. "We all had a really tough week. We deserve a little stress relief. Besides, you will enjoy it just like we will," he added.

We stared at each other for a moment. Bud and Steve were watching us, understanding nothing from our cryptic talk.

"Okay," I shrugged, "if that's what you really want..."

We had talked about gangbangs before but it was me who suggested it. I kind of teased him with the idea but we always ended up fucking so we never really decided on it.

And now here we were, with these two guys coming over for a beer, and starting to watch our home video containing me fucked up in my ass by a huge black stud. I didn't know whether Mike was sure about it.

"But of course!" he confirmed my suspicion and got out his purse. He got out a few condoms and threw it to his buddies. "You can even have these! Believe me, you'll need them!"

"What the fuck, man?" Bud asked but Steve shrugged, saying, "I wanna know what the fuck they are talking about. So just let's watch it!" And he pressed play.

Cheesy guitar riffs started to play. The screen showed a funny logo fabricated by Mike. Next, it showed,

Garage Videos

proudly presents

And after a couple of seconds...

THE CUBE

I could feel my cheeks reddening. Will Mike really show these guys our home video? He seemed determined. He even set the volume higher, saying, "You'll like this, guys!"

The movie started showing me, lying in a shiny room with metal walls. There were round doors in the middle of each wall, even the ceiling and the floor had two, respectively. There were two people lying beside me, all the three of us wearing brown uniforms. One of the people beside me was a black, bald, tall and muscular guy. He was wearing a pair of black boots. The other was a brunette girl. The zipper on the cleavage of her uniform was partly open, revealing her black bra. And she was wearing black high heels just like me; it didn't fit the uniform at all.

As all the three of us were standing up slowly, rubbing our eyes, Steve asked,

"It's just how the original movie started. Did you re-shoot the whole movie, scene by scene?"

"Just watch and enjoy, man," Mike answered, grinning.

The three of us on the screen were wondering about how we might have gotten here and what this whole situation could be about. I had to admit, Mike did a good job with the lighting, cutting and editing the dialogs - it seemed like a professional take.

When the brunette girl was revealing the secret about what the cameras in the cube were optimized for, namely an ass to mouth session, Bud and Steve looked at each other again.

"Now this wasn't in the original movie..." Steve said, while Bud whistled a loud one.

"It will get even better, believe me," Mike added.

They watched the movie in which the characters, including me, were discussing our opportunities. The black guy in the movie came out with the suggestion he should fuck one of us in the ass.

"Will he really do it?" Steve asked.

"Absolutely," Mike said. On the screen, I agreed to be fucked in the ass by that hung black guy. I could feel Steve and Bud looking me up and down. I didn't say anything, but I could feel my face going red.

When I got on my all fours in the movie, I took the remote and stopped the movie. I stepped in front of the TV, blocking the view.

"Hey!" the guys protested, while Mike was simply sipping his beer. "The best part is about to begin!"

"If you guys want to watch me get fucked, let me see what you have down there. Get out with your cocks."

Bud and Steve looked at each other.

"That's only fair!" Mike said. "You'll have a chance to watch my girlfriend's naked hot ass, so come one guys, out with those cocks!"

"Are you sure about this?" Bud asked.

"Hell yeah!" Mike answered.

"Let's see what you got, guys!" I added.

Tentatively, they zipped down their flies and got out their cocks. Bud had a stereotypical huge black cock just the one you imagine for a black man. It was long and shiny of his pre-cum. Steve's cock was shorter but only if you compared it to Bud's huge black rod. In itself, it was a good hard cock, thick and veiny. Both guys were already semi-hard - I took that as a compliment.

I pressed play. My ass was getting naked in the movie with the help of the brunette, and the black guy leaned on my ass and started licking me.

"Fuck yeaaahh...," Bud and Steve sighed, admiring me on the screen. Their hands started immediately moving up and down on their cocks, making them harder and harder with each move.

"She sure has a nice ass," Bud sighed, watching the black guy on the screen licking my asshole. I could see some pre-cum dripping out of the slit of Bud's cock. I licked my finger and spread some saliva on his cock to make it wetter. He enjoyed it with a huge moan and a lusty grin on his face.

"You made a really hot video," Steve said to Mike. "Really looks like a professional movie."

"Thanks, man," my boyfriend replied. They both leaned closer to the screen and watched as the brunette climbed under me and started licking my pussy as the black guy went on licking my ass.

"Let me help you, guys," I said, stepping between Bud and Steve. "Make some space for me here!"

Both of them pulled aside on the couch with a huge grin on their faces. I sat down between them and took their cocks on my two sides in my two hands, respectively. I gripped them and pulled their foreskin back.

"Not bad...," I stated, watching those two hard rods throbbing in my hands. "So... Do you guys like what you can see?"

"Hell yeah," Bud answered, without taking his eyes off the screen. I enjoyed the feeling of these two huge cocks throbbing in my hands. I glanced at Mike; he was raising his beer and nodding approvingly. What the hell, I thought. How far exactly does he let me go tonight? It will be worth finding out, I decided.

I started jerking the cocks in my hand. I recalled this position is called the "ski"; to give two guys handjobs while sitting between them. I almost laughed up loud but I didn't want to spoil the mood and I managed to hold it back.

The other me on the screen was kneeling down front of the black guy and started sucking his black dick. Bud and Steve cheered and applaused. Now it looked even huger than I remembered on the scene - I briefly wondered whether Mike used some kind of digital trick to enlarge it in the movie. Probably not. Black dicks probably look bigger on screen than in real life, I thought. However, Bud's cock in my hand was huge even in reality.

"Where did you get these hot bitches from?" Steve asked Mike, waving to the screen where me and the other girl were on our knees sucking the huge cock of the bald black guy.

"Let it be my secret," Mike added. He put down his beer, leaned forward and watched me as I leaned on Bud's cock again and let its huge head slide between my lips. I could hear Bud moan out loud.

I savored the taste of his cock. Although I wasn't fond of interracial sex, that huge black cock excited me very much in that moment. I ran my tongue all over it, exploring its curves and flicking the tight slit at the end of it.

"Wow..." Bud moaned. "This bitch can really suck cock."

"She's a born talent," Mike added. I glanced at him with the black cock still between my lips; he was watching me with a sparkle in his eyes. "Go for the balls, baby! Go for the balls!"

I let Bud's cock out of my lips and went lower to the balls obediently. His balls were huge; I started lapping them with my tongue right away. While I was licking those huge black balls, I never missed a beat in jerking Steve's hard cock. I didn't even pay attention to the movie anymore. I could hear only a few moans coming from the TV.

I tried to suck one of Bud's huge balls between my lips but didn't succeed. That's when he grabbed my head and pulled me up back to his cock. He pushed my head on it and I knew it wasn't time for teasing anymore; he wanted me to suck him wild.

It wasn't my first black cock to be sucked - hell I was doing the same on the video. But this was the first time a black guy tried to fuck my mouth with his huge rod. Not that I was complaining - I really enjoyed his throbbing black meat filling my mouth. But this was the first time I was throat fucked by a huge black guy. He held my hand in his huge palms and was moving it up and down on his black rod. Our home video made him so horny he was fucking my mouth like a pussy. Of course, I couldn't get all his huge cock into my mouth. But with my hand, I managed to cover it all and I was hoping with the huge amount of saliva I let out from between my lips I made the illusion I'm swallowing his cock to the tilt.

"I want to have some of her, as well," I heard Steve. Bud pulled my head up from his cock, and looked at with lust in his eyes. I was panting heavily; although this huge cock in my mouth made me really horny, I took this opportunity to take some fresh air.

Bud held my head and pressed me lower a bit, leaning about me.

"This bitch is really hungry for cock," he said, still looking into my eyes. "You keep her on short leash, Mikey?"

They all laughed. But Bud opened his eyes, collected some saliva and let it drool into my open, panting mouth.

"You can have her," he added, releasing me. Steve helped me on my feet, and said,

"Take off your clothes."

I pulled down my shirt and with a giggle and some wiggling, I pulled down my skirt. As I had no bras on, the only piece remaining on me was my black panties. I bent down to get rid of my high heels, but Mike stopped my, saying, 

"Leave them on."

Steve made me kneel down in front of the couch, on the rug. I caught a glimpse of myself getting on all fours in the video. I knew my anal scene started and it made me thrilled. Will these guys really watch as I take a huge black cock up in my ass while they fuck my mouth?

Steve slipped to the side of the couch, parted his legs and pulled my head onto his cock. Although it wasn't as huge as Bud's, his meat pretty much filled my mouth with his first thrust. Just like Bud, neither he let me play with his cock. He just started fucking my mouth with it. The video aroused them both very much.

Steve fucked my mouth with abandon. I let him move my head up and down fast. I enjoyed his strong cock throbbing in my mouth. It didn't reach the back of my throat the way Bud's long member did, still filled my mouth nicely. Steve could even press my head down on his cock so I swallowed the whole length of it. I thought about sticking my tongue out and licking his balls but he stopped my deepthroating by pulling my head back up and starting fucking my mouth vividly again.

I could feel my ass being spread apart from behind. Then with a sudden move, my panties were torn apart and thrown to the floor.

"She's gorgeous!" Bud stated behind me.

"She is, isn't she?" I heard Mike. "I brought something for you, man" The two guys were roaring with laughter, and after a pop, I felt a sticky liquid being poured on my ass. I let out Steve's cock from my mouth to have a glance back; it was maple syrup from the kitchen. Bud was smearing it all over my ass cheeks and laughed when his palm let out a sticky splash when he spanked my bottom.

I went back sucking Steve. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the pleasure I was giving to him. I was bobbing with my head upand down, my saliva wasflowing on his cock and onto his balls.

Meanwhile Bud was slurping and licking the syrup from my bottom. He easily found my engorged clitoris and attacked it with his big tongue. As the syrup found its way into my sensitive slit, Bud's tongue followed it and slurped the mixture of my juices and the syrup out of my lips.

Having a hard cock in my mouth had always excited me to the limit so I didn't need too much to have my first orgasm that evening. My body started to tremble as the pulses were starting from my pussy. I was desperately trying not to bite on Steve's cock in my mouth as he was holding my head in his muscular hands and fucking my mouth throughout my orgasm.

I could only catch my breath and I could feel my ass spread apart again.

"I haven't fucked such a tight pussy for a very long time!" Bud moaned.

"Go ahead, and do it, man!" I heard Mike.

Bud put his huge cock head to my juicy pussy and he slid his huge member inside my twat easily, I was already so wet of my own juices, and the maple syrup.

"Like a virgin..." Bud moaned.

"Touched for the very first time..." Mike added the famous Madonna line which made all of them laugh. Even I burst out into laughter, relieving Steve's cock from my mouth, but he immediately pushed my head back on his rock hard cock and went on fucking it wild.

Bud did the same with my pussy, started fucking me wild. Our little home video surely made these guys horny as hell. They fucked my pussy and mouth with abandon. Their huge hard cocks were pounding my body like hot iron rods drilling in butter.

I'd never been fucked like that; they were using my body as they wished. And while they were pounding me, I could hear my own moans coming from the television as I was fucked up in the ass on screen.

"I wanna give her some dessert, pass me the bottle," Steve said. He pulled his cock out of my mouth and poured some syrup on it. While he did so, my pervert boyfriend Mike pulled my head up by my hair, bent down and kissed me hard, pressing his tongue in my mouth. I felt like a bitch in heat as these horny men were using my body; Bud pounding my sloppy pussy, Mike tonguing me with abandon, and Steve preparing his cock for another round of mouth fucking.

After smearing the syrup all over his cock, Steve pushed it back into my mouth. It was sweet with the taste of the maple, but I couldn't really concentrate on the taste as he started pounding my mouth again. Mike stepped back, took out his phone and started recording me as I was spit roasted by his buddies.

"You could say cheese..." he said, zooming on my face, "if you wouldn't have a cock in your mouth..."

This made them laugh, again. It sounded sarcastic, but I was actually glad Mike let this whole ad hoc gangbang happen. It was hard to persuade him to open our sexual relationship, but he somehow got excited on it through the way. It even surprised me how willingly he organized the shooting of that strange Cube-porn parody which was played on the TV in the background rught now.

Bud pulled out and splashed his huge rod on my ass cheeks.

"Yeaaah...," he moaned as his cock made sloppy splashes on the skin of my ass cheeks. Steve did the same; pulled out and spanked my cheeks with his wet cock.

Bud leaned back on my ass again, and started to lick my asshole this time. His huge fingers slipped easily into my tight back door, smearing saliva and maple syrup inside. Steve bent down to me as well, grabbed and fondled my sweaty tits, and made small circles on my cheeks with the sloppy head of his cock. Mike was standing at the other side, recording everything, and having his cock out and jerking wildly with his free hand.

"Are you happy, my little bitch?" he asked.

"Yeeeahhh...," I moaned. There was no time for chat since Bud poured another amount of maple syrup on me, this time directly into my asshole.

"Hey, it will be sticky inside," Mike said, turning to him with his cellphone.

"Even better!" Bud shouted which made them roar in laugh and they high-fived each other.

It was Mike's turn in my mouth. He gave the cell phone to Steve with the instruction "Record everything!", smeared a good amount of syrup on his cock, then pushed his cock between my lips and started fucking my mouth instantly. He needed both two hand for grabbing and pulling my head on his throbbing cock. I swallowed the huge amount of my saliva sweetened by the syrup greedily.

Bud was smearing the syrup deeper and deeper into my asshole. He had two of his thick fingers inside, massaging the intimate depths of my back door. I couldn't really concentrate on relaxing my ring there since Mike was pounding my mouth wild.

Then Bud knelt up, and pushed his huge cock head to my sloppy asshole. As he pushed slowly inside, I had to cry out, but it was muffled by my boyfriend's cock in my mouth.

"She's really tight...," Bud moaned and kept his huge cock inside my ass for a bit. Mike had some mercy on me since he slowed down, but kept his cock in my mouth till the hilt, and watched as his black friend was stretching my ass with his huge cock.

"Are you getting it?" he asked Steve.

"Absolutely," he answered.

I was their fuck toy and I loved it. It wouldn't be fair from me to complain; I wanted this. I proposed Mike we could spice up our sex life. So I got it. I was fucked in my ass by this huge black stud and there were still other two cocks to be pleases, one in my mouth and one jerking just near my back.

Bud started moving inside me. The syrup made his cock sticky yet slippery at the same time. And warmed up my asshole and everything inside which made the sensation even hotter.

Mike started moving just in the same rhythm as Bud did in my ass. Soon they were pounding me as hard as the black guy pounded my ass on the screen. Steve backed up, and set the volume higher, so the room was filled with my screams from the movie. It was better this way since my present screams were muffled by my boyfriend's cock in my mouth.

Then Steve gave back the phone to Mike, and lay beside me on the floor.

"Let's fill her to the max," he said.

Both of his buddies slowed down and held me still on their hard and throbbing cocks. Steve slipped underneath me and Bud lowered my hips down. Steve set his cock to my pussy, slid it in, and all the three of them started fucking me immediately.

"That's it, guys!" Mike ordered. "Stretch her to the limit!" And he held the back of my head, and with his phone in the other recorded me getting double penetrated. 

I was really full to the limit. I had never been fucked so hard in my life. I couldn't even suck Mike's cock anymore, I just screamed and screamed with my mouth full with it. 

I was heavily fucked by these three hung studs and at the same time I had a glance of myself in the mirror, on the screen just getting the huge load on my face in the cube. That was more than enough for me to cum. I enjoyed the orgasm going through my body, from the two cocks pounding my ass and pussy until the top of my head, and Mike pulling my head on his cock deep, without any mercy. And as I was coming, I was watching myself on the screen as well. And it went through my mind I will watch this recording later. It will be like a Russian doll of home videos.
