 Jim and Jacqui were first introduced in the story "Over One Hundred Degrees" in the Mature section. This is an entry in the 2018 Halloween Contest.

.................................

Sunday evening found Jim and Jacqui relaxing in bed after a tiresome weekend of moving Jacqui's things from her apartment to Jim's house. The lease on Jacqui's apartment was about to expire the week after next on October 31st but they wanted to get the move finished up so they could enjoy the next weekend without the pressure to vacate the apartment the last weekend of the month. Besides, they were invited to a Halloween party at Jacqui's co-worker's parent's house next Saturday.

"Ohhh, I love that," Jacqui claimed responding to Jim's caressing the cheeks of her ass.

"You know you have the most beautiful butt in the world," Jim complimented.

Jim and Jacqui met last July when Jim was a patient of Jacqui at the urologist office where she was a nurse. It was an amazing attraction between this petite twenty-six year old African American woman and her sixty-one year old Caucasian lover. At first, it was the mutually satisfying sex, which had grown into an emotional bonding. Now they were about to embark on another chapter, living together.

"You are getting me aroused," Jacqui moaned as Jim moved to further attend to Jacqui's ass with his mouth, his tongue licking her tiny hole. The scent of Jacqui's intoxicating arousal made Jim's cock swell.

When Jacqui suggested moving in with Jim he was at first reluctant. It seemed that this May-December interracial union was bound to end abruptly one day, leaving them hurt and broken hearted. Jim wanted to keep things casual. 

"Oh god," Jacqui let out as she felt Jim's throbbing cock enter her sopping wet pussy. Slowly he worked his rod in and out of Jacqui, the sexual energy between them building at gradual pace. Jacqui wrapped her arms around Jim's neck, pulling him in to a passionate kiss as Jim continued thrusting.

Jim rolled Jacqui over, allowing her to take over, riding his cock now energetically. Jim reached up and pinched Jacqui's rock hard nipples, sending her over the edge of her first orgasm. "Oh, fuck," Jacqui screamed as her cum gushed, drowning Jim's balls and soaking the bed sheet.

Jacqui dismounted and got on all fours inviting Jim to penetrate her deeply from behind. Grabbing hold of her round butt cheeks he held on as each thrust into her cervical opening pushed her again toward another orgasm, which came powerfully when Jim exploded, filling her with his cum.

They collapsed side by side catching their breath.

"You alright?" Jim asked still panting.

"Uh, huh," Jacqui replied. "Wonderful," she added.

After resting a few minutes, Jim offered, "Want some ice cream?"

"Yea," Jacqui responded. Jim got up to prepare each of them a bowl of ice cream. 

...................

Monday morning Jacqui got a cup of coffee in the break room at the urologist office. Her friend and co-worker, Pam, joined her there for a few minutes.

"Have you and Jim decided what costumes you are going to wear Saturday?" Pam asked her friend.

"Yea, we are going as Captain Smith and Pocahontas," Jacqui answered. "And you?"

"I am contemplating going as Lady Godiva," Pam chuckled. "That's the only way I can outdo my parents," she added.

"Really? What are they going as?" Jacqui inquired.

"Tarzan and Jane," Pam responded. "They showed me their costumes this weekend. They're pretty racy."

"How so?" 

"My dad is wearing nothing but a small cloth that gives you full view of his cock and balls. And my mother's is so skimpy her tits were practically hanging out and her ass barely covered," Pam explained.

"So, you're going completely nude?" Jacqui laughed.

"Maybe a neckless and bracelets," Pam offered.

"Sounds like it's going to be a wild party," Jacqui stated.

"My parents always throw outrageous parties," Pam let her know. "I hope they don't scare Jim."

Pam went on to explain that last year her parent's Halloween parties always wind up as an orgy. She told her friend that her parents are sexually explicit and uninhibited. Jacqui pondered this revelation and became a bit reluctant to attend. Not that she is prudish herself but she wasn't too sure how Jim would take it.

...................

Jacqui took to her new home quickly. She enjoyed making Jim dinner and relaxing with him watching TV in the evenings. This Monday evening Jacqui made them spaghetti and a salad, afterwards they sat on the sofa with a glass of red wine and engaged in conversation.

"I'm having some reservations about Saturday," Jacqui told her lover.

"What's up?" Jim asked.

Jacqui related the conversation she had with Pam earlier in the day. 

"I have never been prudish and I kind of have a little voyeur in me," Jacqui confessed. "I was mostly worried about how you would take it."

"I don't know," Jim replied. "I've never been in a group sex situation. I never have fantasized about it either."

"Well, let's see how it goes. We can always leave," Jacqui concluded.

With that Jacqui got on her knees in front of Jim, unbuckling his pants she pulled them off exposing his growing cock. 

"Mmmmmm," she hummed as she took him in her mouth. After a few minutes of licking Jim's cock and balls, sucking on its head while stroking its shaft, Jacqui released him, stood up and removed her clothes. 

Kneeling again Jacqui rubbed her small perky breasts on Jim's throbbing rod, her hard sensitive nipples sending waves of pleasure to her increasingly moistening pussy. 

"Take off your shirt," Jacqui commanded. 

Now both naked, Jacqui motioned for Jim to lay down. She climbed on top of him, her head facing his cock, her pussy in his face. Jim's tongue darted in and out of Jacqui's soaked pussy; he savored her sweet nectar. Jacqui took Jim's cock all the way to her throat.

Jacqui's body convulsed as Jim vigorously licked her clit. Just as Jim brought her to climax Jacqui began to gag on the hot salty cum shooting down her throat. Jacqui struggled momentarily to control her breath, her pussy ejaculating her cum, bathing Jim's face. They took a few minutes to recover before resuming their conversation.

"Do you think you could have sex in front of other people?" Jim asked, thinking he would be reluctant.

"I won't have a problem with that," Jacqui confirmed. "Several times Pam and I had foursomes," she went on to explain. "When you are in the heat of the moment you don't think about it; at least I don't."

"I suppose if you don't think about it," Jim agreed. "I think though I might have a difficult time getting into the heat of the moment."

"What about having sex with other people?" Jacqui asked timidly. 

"I'm not sure about that either," Jim responded. "Not for you. I mean I'm not sure about me having sex with other people," Jim explained. "I think I would be turned on watching you with someone else."

"I was thinking the same about you," Jacqui said to him.

They both sat there, naked, and pondered the situation for a minute. Jacqui came up with an idea to test the waters.

"How about if I invite Pam over tomorrow for dinner and we'll see how you react," Jacqui suggested.

"She's a hot young woman. I don't think she would want to have sex with me," he responded.

"Oh don't worry about that," Jacqui laughed. "She's a slut. She'll have sex with anyone."

.......................

Tuesday evening Pam sat down to dinner with Jim and Jacqui. Their dinner conversation, it was focused mostly on some of the strange experiences the two nurses had with some of their patients. They were joking a lot about the penises they had seen and handled.

"This one guy had thick, long pubic hair and a short stubby penis," Pam explained. "I had a hard time finding it let alone cleaning it and inserting the catheter." 

"One guy, I swear was part horse," Jacqui related. "He was about nine or ten inches totally limp. I couldn't imaging him ever finding a pussy that could handle him erect."

"You'd be surprised," Pam said with a devilish grin.

"Hey, did you bring the sexy lingerie we got at the mall after work today/" Jacqui asked her friend. 

"Yea, it's still in the car," Pam responded.

"Why don't we model them for Jim. See how big he gets," Jacqui suggested with a wink.

Pam went out to her car to get the lingerie and met Jim and Jacqui back in the living room. 

"We should probably model these in the bedroom where we have a full length mirror," Jacqui proposed. The lingerie was Pam's idea to get Jim aroused. They didn't buy them at the mall, however, they went to a sex shop that had a selection of provocative underwear.

Jacqui stripped first as Jim sat on the bed observing. She put on a sheer, white, see through nightgown, which contrasted, well with her dark skin. Her long dark nipples protruded the fine fabric accentuating her perky b-cup breasts. The lingerie hung perfectly on her petite frame.

"Wow, you look sexy in that," Jacqui's friend exclaimed. "You look good enough to eat," she added with a smile.

"OK, Pam. Let's see yours," Jacqui said.

Slowly and salaciously, Pam began taking off her clothes. Jacqui sat on the bed with Jim as they both watched Pam put on a red lace bra and panties. The bra did justice to Pam's thirty-eight d-cup breasts. The lace panties highlighted Pam's wide hips and full, rounded butt. The sight of this curvy beauty not only aroused Jim but also was having an effect on Jacqui.

"Wow, you are sooo...sexy," Jacqui cried out.

Pam went over to the bed and placed a hand on Jim's bulging crotch. "That's gotta hurt, being trapped like that," she cooed while reaching to unbuckle his belt. Jim cautiously eyed Jacqui as Pam began removing his pants and boxer shorts, freeing his erection.

"It's OK Babe," Jacqui reassured him.

Jim took his eyes off Jacqui's and looked down at Pam's blonde head masterfully working his cock with her mouth. Jim couldn't control himself. The eroticism of this scenario, his lover smiling sexy at him, her friend's tongue licking the underside of his shaft while her sloppy lips slid up and down. Without warning, Jim unloaded in Pam's mouth.

Jim's sudden ejaculation took Pam by surprise. She jerked back and Jim's second spurt hit her face. Pam quickly put her mouth back around Jim's cock and captured the rest of his spunk, sucking to get all of it.

"I'm sorry, Pam," Jim apologized. "It came so fast I couldn't control it," he said embarrassingly.

Displaying Jim's captured sperm, Pam opened her mouth and beckoned Jacqui over to share. The two women embraced in a long kiss, swapping Jim's cum back and forth. 

"Why don't you suck on Pam's tits and eat her pussy," Jacqui suggested. "That should get you hard again."

Jim looked at Pam uncertain she would welcome his attention now that he prematurely came in her mouth and all over her face. She answered his perplexed expression by unclasping her bra, pulling the straps down her arms releasing her lusciously large breasts. Pam slid the red lace panties off, discarding them on the floor beside the bed. Pam took Jim's hand and placed it on her left breast while she moved in to kiss him. Jim's lips parted reluctantly to allow Pam's tongue to enter his mouth. 

Pam and Jacqui were like opposites. Pam had a full figure, milky white skin, small pink nipples adorning her large breasts. Jacqui was petite, dark skinned, large protruding nipples highlighting her perky smaller tits. Jim's hands would massage both of Jacqui's breasts simultaneously. With Pam he needed two hands on one breast. He enjoyed the difference, his hands manipulating Pam's firm but malleable breasts individually.

Jacqui removed her lingerie and sat on the bed lovingly running her fingers through Jim's hair as he ravished Pam's body. Jim parted Pam's pussy lips and inserted his tongue to taste her womanly nectar. He savored her juice. Pam's clit was also much the opposite of Jacqui's. It was a smaller nub where Jacqui's protruded. Pam reacted differently, softly moaning and her hips undulating slowly. Jacqui was louder and more forceful.

Jacqui's hand stroked Jim to renewed hardness. She whispered to him, "Take her now, Babe. Fuck her." 

Jacqui assisted by holding Pam's legs back by the ankles as Jim lightly rubbed the tip of his cock on Pam's slit, collecting lubrication before entering. With one good thrust, Jim buried his cock deep inside Pam. She let out a moan as he filled her with his throbbing muscle. Jim started with a slow rhythm but this was not Pam's style, she liked it hard and rough.

"Fuck me like you mean it," Pam commanded. Jim pulled back and entered again forcefully, this time rapidly pounding her as hard as he could. After a few minutes of relentless thumping, Jim needed to slow down and catch his breath. A few short deep strokes in her was enough rest to resume pummeling her pussy.

"Oh Fuck," Pam cried out as her orgasm peaked. Her vaginal muscles tightened around Jim's cock which caused him to cum again. Fighting resistance, he thrust deep into her as he pumped out his remaining sperm.

Jim was exhausted after the rigorous fucking Pam had demanded. He laid in the bed as the two women got up and went into the living room for a glass of wine. A half hour later, Pam left and Jacqui returned to bed with Jim. They laid there talking, making sense of their sexual experimentation.

"Did you enjoy having sex with Pam?" Jacqui asked. 

"It was different," Jim relied. "She's a little too aggressive for me," he went on to explain.

"I could see you were struggling there a little," Jacqui added. "I like the way we make love," she said.

"Don't get me wrong. Pam is a beautiful woman but I am more enamored with you," Jim stated and embraced his lover with a passionate kiss.

.....................

Jacqui and Jim had discussed the issue of having sex with other people in anticipation of Saturday's party at Pam's parents. They both confirmed after their experiment with Pam that their relationship was solid, they had a deep respect for each other and having sex with others would be just that, random physical sex. Jacqui had also gleaned from Pam that Pam's parents were lifelong swingers. Jim assured Jacqui that he wasn't ready for that kind of lifestyle but it wouldn't hurt to experience alternative sexual situations occasionally. 

Halloween landed in the middle of the week this year so parties were mostly planned for the weekend before. Little did Jacqui and Jim know that Pam's parents' "costume" party on Saturday was just an excuse to see how outrageously naughty the guests could get with their choices. Pam was afraid to tell Jacqui this for fear they would back out.

When Jacqui and Jim arrived at the Miller's home Saturday evening, they quickly learned that their Captain Smith and Pocahontas costumes covered too much skin. Frank Miller answered the door with his daughter Pam. He was wearing nothing more than a loincloth covering his genitals and Pam, aside from some jewelry was completely naked.

"Welcome," Frank said ushering Jacqui and Jim through the door. "We're really pleased you could make it. Pam has talked a lot about you two. By the way, my name is Frank."

"I'm Jim and this is Jacqui," Jim said extending his hand. 

"Come. Let me introduce you to my wife and the other guests," Frank offered.

"This is my wife Susan," said Frank introducing the couple to his wife whose skimpy covering revealed almost everything, hardly long enough to cover her genitals. It was obvious who Pam inherited most of her features from. Susan was a mature version of her daughter with all the pronounced curves.

The next couple introduced were disguised as Adam and Eve, wearing nothing but leaf shaped fabric attached to a string around their waste. Their names were Mark and Robin. It was obvious that these two athletically built bodies worked out a lot to keep fit and trim. Robin's c-cup breasts showed no signs of sagging despite their advancing middle age.

"Here we have Marshall Dillon and Miss Kitty," Frank said introducing a couple sitting on the living room sofa. "Actually their names are George and Alice," he added. George, Marshall Dillon, wore a belt with a badge and two six-shooters on his hips. His own natural shooter hung gloriously free in the open, its flaccid length and thickness promised to be an effective sex weapon.

Miss Kitty, Alice, wore a bright red corset that lifted her substantial breasts high on her chest, leaving her nipples pointing straight out. . Alice's corset covered her waist but left her pussy on display. She also donned thigh high black stockings and stilettos. 

Pam led Jacqui and Jim over to a tall muscular man dressed barely as Superman. He had on a tight red Speedo and a cape around his neck displaying the familiar Superman "S". Pam began to introduce him.

"Jim, Jacqui, this is Clark," she said with a chuckle. "No really, his name is Clark. He's my date for the evening," she went on. "Clark lives next door. He's divorced now because his ex caught him fucking me when I was home from college some ten years ago."

"It was all her fault," Clark explained. "She used to sun bath nude all summer long and what red-blooded man could resist such a smoking hot body like hers."

"He was just lucky I became a slut at an early age," Pam laughed. "Anyway, excuse us for a few minutes," she said as she led Jacqui and Jim to a bedroom down the hall.

"I figured you guys would feel uncomfortable in your costumes," Pam remarked, "so, I got you these to put on. They are not too revealing but not prudish for this crowd either," she said holding up two Roman togas.

Jim and Jacqui changed their costumes. The white cotton linen contrasted beautifully with Jacqui's dark skin, giving her an appealing exotic appearance. The togas were tied around the waist with a rope that could easily be removed to reveal their natural bodies. Jim admitted that he did feel a lot more comfortable, not being so out of place.

Rejoining the group, Frank asked them what they wanted to drink. Jim had a beer and Jacqui a glass of wine. Susan announced that she had snacks and sandwiches in the kitchen and that everyone should help themselves. Jim took Jacqui and sat down on the large sectional sofa with George and Alice. 

"Is this your first time at a party like this?" George asked Jim.

"Yes. It is. We thought it might be fun to try," Jim responded. 

"Do you do this often?" Jacqui asked the couple.

"Not as much as I would like to," Alice chimed in. "Problem is when George gets his ten inch boner, he scares off most of the women," she lamented.

"It looks scary to me," Jacqui remarked.

"The only women here who will let me screw them are Susan and her daughter Pam," George explained. "And they still won't let me in their beautiful butts," he chuckled.

"You're an unusual couple," Alice remarked. 

"How did you two happen to get together? The age difference and all?"

"I was first attracted to Jim's cock when I was giving him a treatment," Jacqui replied while untying the rope and opening the toga to expose Jim's genitals. "See how clean and perfectly shaped he is. I love that fat head. I wanted to put him in my mouth the very first time I saw it," Jacqui confessed.

"It is very good looking," Alice commented. "Looks like the perfect size for deep throating."

"Perfect for that," Jacqui claimed.

"I can never take George in all the way," Alice bemoaned. "Mind if I get a quick taste?" she asked Jacqui.

"Absolutely, I don't mind," Jacqui answered.

All the sex talk had already aroused Jim and his cock was stiffening. He quickly became rock hard when Alice wrapped her soft moist lips around his shaft. Alice gagged slightly with her first attempt to take him all the way to the back of her throat. She took a breath, relaxed, and went down on him again, this time successfully, feeling the tip of Jim's cock on her throat. She breathed easy through her nose as she let it settle there for a few seconds. 
