 So we're new at this openness and 'dating' game. Twenty years of marriage and it's time to do something radically different or we'll both lose our minds. I'm glad to be married to you and to have a wife with a real sense of adventure. This is good. It's really good. 

We've met a few women online and fewer yet in person. Until recently, no great chemistry, no serious click. But that changed a week or so ago and here we are. 

We've gotten a suite at a swanky downtown hotel for the night. You and I spent the afternoon together at the rooftop pool enjoying a hot mid-summer Saturday afternoon. Now it's early evening and we're in the shade of an awning enjoying a few cocktails. I've got my trusty Mojito and you ordered, but mostly ignore your amaretto sour. Nervous? Don't be nervous. 

Then she arrives! And she's cute!- and you remember why you decided this was a good idea in the first place. She's middle-aged, middle class looking, her name is Sybil and her smooth blond hair pulled back in a ponytail. She's fresh from the gym in her stretch pants and sports bra and loose t-shirt over the top. The line in her calves and the line in her triceps says this isn't her first day there. She isn't cut like a Crossfit gym rat. She has the breasts and hips of a real woman and that's what turns you the fuck on. She sits down, dutifully orders an ice water (boring!) and we tease her for it. Pool deck in the summer evening and an ice water? Some excuse about the gym... Whatever. 

She seems like a great fit for this adventure. She's out of a long term relationship and somewhat new to dating, certainly new to dating a couple. She knows that tonight there are boundaries and rules and she's game. This is our first really serious trip over the edge with a third. The overall rule is that you two can do whatever you like with one another, no limits, but I'm not allowed to touch her. I can watch, I fuck you all I want, but she's there for you to experience. She understands. She really gets it. She likes the added thrill of rules to follow. This is not a hedonistic free-for-all.

It's finally time to head upstairs and get ready for the evening. We're headed out for a polite dinner with no talk of sex. That's the plan we tell ourselves. We go up and shower, just the two of us. Exchanging silly glances. Anytime you start to feel overwhelmed by this situation, you put your face in my chest and I smile a big smile and stroke the back of your neck. Eventually, we head out of the shower and she takes our place in there. I go get ready in the other room and you start your blow dry and product and scrunch and crunch and diffuse hair routine. She joins you after a bit and you two do your hair and makeup together in the glam bathroom with the impossibly huge mirror and granite walls and counters. 

After while of makeup and hair and conversation I reappear and slide up behind you. You're leaning forward doing your eye makeup. You're wearing a black dress with a big open square in the back and an upside-down triangle of lace runs through the middle. It leaves a little reveal of skin just below your neck and I start kissing. You predictably do your 'suck in a breath and fix your whole body still' routine that I love to make you do. Your eyes are closed as I trace kisses back and forth. Then I pull the skirt of your dress up your thighs. You back up into me and get a shock as you feel the skin of my cock against the backs of your legs. I firmly place the palm of my hand in the center of your back and lean you forward again. My other hand slides your thong to the side and you feel the tip of my cock searching for its way in. You open your eyes and lock them on me in the mirror. 

Sybil is LOVING this. She has a huge shocked expression, but she's silent. Doesn't want to interrupt. I confidently slide my cock inside you and you gasp, your palms planted tight against the cold granite counter, your mouth open, eyes clamped shut. I've fucked you countless times, but you were ill-prepare for the added sensations of danger and thrill of another person a few feet away. I give you ten or 15 smooth strokes and then slide out. I gently pull your shoulders back up to me, you open your eyes and gaze upon me and then to Sybil, then to me again in the mirror. I stroke your skirt back down to its polite elevation, quietly slide my hard, wet cock back in my pants and give Sybil a look of total calm as I walk out of the room. Her mouth is still hanging open. You're still stunned. You two exchange nervous giggles and there is a very brief silence followed by chatter. I'm setting the tone for tonight. This is not a make-out and fondle type of evening. 

Dinner is walking distance and it's GOOD! Haute cuisine. One bottle of wine for the three of us, so no one is too tipsy. Dinner is wonderful. The conversation is better. The wine in exhausted. We head back to the room and the energy is over the top. As the three of us stand in the elevator, you catch me gazing at your hard nipples, did I mention you're turned on? Did I mention I'm turned on? Tonight's dress doesn't allow for a bra so your nipples are trying their best to pierce through the fabric. You instinctively look over at Sybil's breast and her nipples are as hard as yours. Oh my. This is happening. This is actually happening.

When we get to the suite, I open the second bottle for the night and pass around glasses. I'm on one chair and you two are on a sofa just across. Chit chat, sex stories, war-stories about the misadventures of online dating. Fun. Light. Airy. Then there is an obvious lull and Sybil gets up and heads into the bathroom. 

When she comes back out, she's dressed for fun. She's back in her heels from dinner and a black teddy. Opaque matte finish fabric, long sleeves(!) and for the *most* part it seems almost modest. Except for the fact two mesh stripes form a V that runs up the front. As she confidently walks back to the sofa, you can see her bare clit pressed against the inside of the fabric and the mesh is perfectly centered over her nipples, much like the elevator, they're trying to escape again. Not so modest on closer inspection, is it? As she gets close, I signal to the wine bottle and she grabs her glass for a polite refill. She sits down next to you, closer this time than before and locks eyes with you as she takes a sip. She grabs a hair band off the table, sits up straight, and begins the process of pulling her hair back into a pony tail. As she repeatedly pulls her hair through the band, it becomes clear this is as much about being ready for sexy action as it is a very obvious demonstration of her breasts. Her back arched, breasts just inches from your face. She's showing off. You want more. 

You let her have a few minutes of grabbing all the attention and then you retire to the bathroom. When you come back out, you're also in your heels from dinner and black thigh-highs and an emerald green and black low-cut corset with garters. It comes up just under your breast and reaches no farther. You're wearing a matching bra that forms a cup under each of your breasts and then 4 or 5 ribbons cross your skin to the straps. Your nipples are just peeking above the bra and they stand out between the ribbons and finally free to be hard and admired. You also confidently walk back, get your refill of wine and return to her the sultry gaze over the top of the glass. 

The conversation gets a lot hotter. Your two keep moving a bit closer. Casual touches of hair or thigh... Finally, she clasps your thigh, but doesn't draw her hand back. Her fingertip is tracing the intersection of your skin, your garter strap and the top of your stocking. Your whole body is electric. You try to give me assuring nervous glances, make sure that I still know you're connected and I just smile back. I want you to just take it in, let it be. Don't worry about me. Be in the moment. You somewhat awkwardly put your arm up across her shoulder, but then it feels so much more natural once it lands there. You pull strands of her smooth hair through your fingers, her grasp of your thigh keeps getting firmer and eventually her fingers slip between the stockings and your skin. Finally, there is an obvious lull. Neither of you is exactly sure who went first, but you turn your chin and kiss her and she kisses you back. Oh, the sensation is so different. No scruff of a chin, much smoother lips, the taste of lipstick, the smell of her makeup. This is very different, incredibly sexy and you feel the need to slow down and take it in, in spite of the fact that your body wants to rush closer. You cup the back of her head and pull her kiss in tighter. Her hand grips your thigh tighter. Here we go!

Eventually, your loose hand rises up and cups her chin as she kisses you, her kisses are drizzling off onto your cheek and your jaw now. Your hand slides down from cupping her chin to laying on her collar bone. Then farther down on her chest, then finally sliding the palm of your hand over her breast. You feel her nipple pressing against the skin of your hand. Those thousands of times that I reached up and sparked your nipple suddenly make so much more sense now. It's not your sensation on your hand that makes this so incredible, it's the reaction you feel in her body as it responds to your touch. 

At the same time, her hand has traces up your garter and is now stroking at the mesh of your thong. Your wetness has completely soaked them at this point. You open your thighs a bit wider and accept her hand onto your wet cunt through your thong. Then under your thong. As she starts to spread you open with her fingers, your fingers are sliding under the fabric of her teddy to reveal her breast to the air. You're relaxing with the whole situation, confidence building and really getting into this moment. Thoughts of me watching are fading and you are really living the experience because now you focus of your whole spirit on her. Finally, restraint gives way and you lean down and kiss her nipple, then flick it with her tongue. Then a quick bite. Then you hold it in your teeth and flick it with your tongue. Her chin raises to the ceiling and she gasps and wants you to take it all into your mouth. You then start to kiss and suck her other nipple through the mesh of her teddy, the wetness of your tongue making the surface cool and slippery. Her nipple is harder and longer than ever and you suck it deeply, finally pulling her top down, revealing her whole breast, grabbing both breasts firmly the way I do yours and sucking alternately from one to the other. 

Her energy is spiking and she she's ready to give back. She pushes you away, slips down onto the floor and pushes one of your thighs up on the sofa. She's just spread your legs before her and she's kneeling in front of you ready to take you in. She takes turns sucking your nipples through the ribbons of your bra, massaging the inside of your thighs, then kisses down the front of your corset to the skin on your thighs. Closer and closer. You're both ready for this. She hovers over your cunt and breathes in the smell of you and plants a firm kiss on the wet mesh above your clit. Then the skin on either side, then tongue on your clit through the thong, then tongue on either side. Then her tongue begins searching at the edge of the fabric, pushing it aside until she slides inside your wetness. You gaze directly at me, quiet and yet somewhat stiff with anticipation and wanting. You run your hands along the smooth hair on the back of her head. You let her pleasure you for several minutes. 

You know I'm dying. This is too perfect and too much at the same time. You gently push her away and crawl on your hands and knees across the space to be in front of me. You reach up and feel the wet spot of pre-cum that has appeared on my dress pants. With your eyes locked on me, you unzip and unbuckle my pants, expose my rock-hard cock and begin to suck me. She kneels behind you and traces her tongue up and down your soaked thong licking your cunt, teasing your ass, stroking your clit with her fingers. You suck me like you're doing it for your own pleasure, not mine. The feel of my cock in your mouth is so satisfying. The feeling of her tongue in you is so satisfying. After a few minutes, you know it's time to give me some relief. 

You stand up and ask Sybil and I to follow you to the bed. You lay her diagonally across the bed. She follows your instruction. You kneel in front of her, her legs spread, knees in the air. You give me the look to say "your turn" and tell me to undress. I comply. You are so ready, so confident that I chuckle to myself that maybe this isn't the *very* first time you were about to put your tongue inside a woman. You kiss her belly, kiss her thighs, keep getting closer. You order me to fuck you from behind. As I slide myself inside you, you slid your tongue into her. Everyone is 100% in harmony. You love the taste of her. You love the wetness on your chin and lips. You love how she arches as you flick her clit. You feel the tension as you grip her thighs. Your hands wander up and you gently pinch her nipples, then harder. The more aggressive you get, the hard she presses her clit up into your mouth. You're devouring her and loving it. You sit up, look me straight in the eyes and kiss me. Partly because you crave to kiss me, but you deviously know that you are delivering the flavor of her wet cunt directly to my tongue. It's electric. You lean back down and go back to work at pleasing her. Then come back up and give me a bit more of her taste. 

My cock is stroking you rhythmically. You begin to match your flicking with my rhythm. We all know the intensity of sex, but with the taboo, the extra bodies, the lingerie, the sights and smells and tastes, it's all explosive. You feel me getting closer. You announce you want me to cum in your mouth and make sure I don't cum inside you. I agree. 

At last, it's all too much. I pull on your hair and pull your face back toward my cock. When I push it into your mouth, the first thing you notice is that you taste different then she does. She's super wet and salty. Your taste is much smoother and tangy. Just as the flavor of you begins to pass, you taste my cum in your mouth. New sensations and tastes. And tingling! Don't forget the tingling feeling you get when my cum coats your tongue. 

Cum is dripping off your chin. Dripping onto your breasts. Sybil sits up and passionately kisses you. You reciprocate by pushing your cum-dripping tongue deep into her mouth. You've delivered her flavor to me and now you've delivered my flavor to her. It's all too much in exactly the right way. She begins to lick my cum off of your breast and then begins on your chin. I tell her to wait a minute. 

I get up and go pick up a half-empty wine glass. I give it an extra splash of red, return to the bed and hand it you. The new joke is obvious. You take a sip and a little stripe of cum appears on the glass where it touched your chin. She laughs out loud. She snatches the glass from your hand and smears it gently up your neck, scooping a drip of cum along the rim, then with the sluttiest smirk you've ever seen takes a sip directly from that spot. It's so filthy. It's so raunchy. It's so awe-inspiring. 

After a minute or two of afterglow, I lay back across the pillows at the top of the bed and I pull you to lay with your back to my chest. Sybil sets the glass on the night table and crawls in before your spread legs. She plants her cool, wet cum soaked chin into your cunt and begins pushing her tongue inside you. You lift your chin and gaze at me. We calmly lock eyes. You have the most serine look of pleasure, knowing, confidence. I watch your expression change as she pleases you. I see your mouth stiffen and loosen as she tries different avenues. I stroke the curls of your hair as the night goes on. I blasted through my turn. You two plan to take a while.