 I was driving an empty horse trailer down a 4 lane highway, making pretty good time. I eased into the left hand lane because I was slowly overtaking a green convertible up ahead.

I saw the blonde in the passenger seat turn to glance back over her shoulder at me, and that perked my attention a bit. The convertible was a good hundred feet ahead of me, but I could see she was good looking, and she was leaning forward a little. She glanced at me again and smiled, and then she leaned her head down into the drivers lap.

I had been only very slowly overtaking them, but I immediately stomped on the gas to come up alongside quickly. My big Ford F250 sat high enough for me to glance down into their cab, and I could see the blonde's head bobbing up and down. The driver glanced over at me and grinned, flashing me a thumbs up signal. He put his off hand on the back of the girls head and pulled her head up to look at me. 

She smiled wickedly at me- she was young and pretty, with a wide, generous mouth. She was still pumping the drivers cock with her right hand, but I couldn't quite see down into the cab enough to see the action. After just a moment she dipped her head back down to the task at hand. 

The driver made a gesture which obviously meant for us to switch lanes. I checked my mirrors- we were the only vehicles on our side of the road, so I dropped behind to come up behind them as the convertible moved over to the left hand lane. 

As I pulled even again, I now had a good look at the blonde's ass poking up at me, wiggling enticingly. The driver reached over to yank her black shorts down, and after a couple of tugs I had a glimpse of two finely tanned ass cheeks with a pair of puffy cunt lips sticking out at me. 

I leaned on the horn in appreciation, and the girl whipped her head up in surprise, looking back at me over her right shoulder. She grinned again, and then returned to work. The driver walked his fingers across her left ass-cheek and found her cunt, running a finger up and down its length before dipping his index finger inside. The girl squirmed against his hand.

Right about then the driver through his head back in pleasure, and I could tell he was coming. She stayed down on him for a long time, obviously sucking him dry. When she finally sat back in her seat, she glanced over at me again, wiping at her mouth daintily with the back of her hand. 

I reached up and tipped the brim of my Stetson at her, then gave a quick round of applause. 

The driver honked his horn twice then stepped on the gas, and they shot forward, leaving me behind. 

I was more than half-erect and horny as hell and was considering my options of stopping up ahead at an upcoming truck stop and looking for a bj from a lot lizard, or rubbing one out by myself, when I noticed the convertible slowing down up ahead. 

They moved over into the right lane ahead of me, so I pulled into the left lane and again came up beside them, rolling down the passenger side window. 

The driver grinned over at me and yelled into the wind "She wants to suck you off!" I glanced over his head at her, and she was twisting a hand in her blonde hair nervously. 

I grinned and yelled back "Hell, yeah!", and she broke into a smile. We pulled over on the side of the road together, and she hopped out of the convertible and came running back to my truck. She had a dynamite body, lean and athletic, and I could tell at a glance that those tits were store-bought. 

She smiled nervously as she climbed up into the cab. "Um...hi, there. I'm Alexis, but my friends call me Alex."

I held out my hand and introduced myself, feeling a bit silly suddenly. But when her eyes darted down to the bulge in my crotch, the gleam of hunger on her face wiped away all thoughts but getting my dick wet. 

She dove down to start fumbling at my fly, and I shifted my hips in the seat to accommodate her. As she fumbled with getting my tool out, she said "Are you a real cowboy?"

I shrugged. "I guess so. I don't ride a herd of cattle, if that's what you mean, but I have horses, and I used to rodeo a little."

I had to gasp as I finished the sentence, because by the time I was halfway done she had my rod halfway down her throat. Now, I like me a good blowjob, and I've had more than my share, by pros and amateurs alike, but I had never had one delivered with as much gusto and pure enthusiasm as this one. 

I've been told my cock is kind of wide, which has offered a challenge to some girls going much past the head, but Alex took me root-deep with ease, and while I was fully sheathed in her throat she moaned. The sensations were remarkable. 

After a few trips up and down the length of my cock, she pulled off. "Put some country & western music on." It took me just a minute to tune my Sirius onto an outlaw country station, and she sucked me hard as Waylon Jennings sang about Hank Williams. 

I felt the orgasm coming on strong, and felt like it was the gentlemanly thing to do to warn her, but before I could she pulled off again, her deep blue eyes drilling into mine. "I want to suck every drop of your cum, Cowboy. Fill my mouth up with your load." 

Her lips engulfed me again, and her free hand was tugging at my shaft, and I quickly obliged her with a powerful, shuddering orgasm, so intense my grip on the steering wheel felt like I was about to break it off. I must have come by the gallon, but she never missed a single drop, and she kept sucking and licking until I was limp. She sat back up and grinned.

I tipped my hat again to her. "Ma'am, that was as good as I have ever got, and I do thank you." I said solemnly. 

She giggled. I had a notepad on a mount on my dashboard: she grabbed it and scribbled on the pad. "My hubbie and I are swingers. We live in the Dallas area- if you're ever interested, give him a call at this number. Bring a friend if you want." 

And with that she was out the door and back into the convertible. They waived again and took off. I looked at the phone number, thinking about how often I drove through Dallas hauling horses in one direction or the other...