 This begins a new fictional story series with my dominant lover. We worked together to craft this story. The names Dean and Sam are used as a tribute to the sexy men of the TV show Supernatural. I do not own these characters.

As always, all characters are over the age of 18.

I hope you enjoy. 

-----------

I've always had a fantasy of being gangbanged, but admittedly, I never thought it would happen. That was until my boyfriend, Dean, decided he had other ideas...

He commonly invites me over on the weekends; so I didn't see anything unusual with him texting me to put on my yoga pants that he likes so much on my curvy ass, a tight top that shows off my voluptuous breasts, and do my hair and makeup up nice, before coming over to his house for some fun. 

I was excited when I got his text, and hurried myself in preparation. I slid on some red lace panties and a matching red lace bra, before the tight black top and gray yoga pants. I finished up, and just before I was getting ready to drive to his house, he sent me some more sexy texts, telling me how bad he wanted my body tonight, and how turned on he was. I texted him back, just as thrilled, and headed on my way, my pussy aching for his cock the entire drive. 

When I arrived, it was just beginning to get dark, and I thought it was unusual that there was a couple of extra cars in his driveway. Regardless, I took the key I had, and let myself in, calling out that I was here. 

I heard his voice beckon me to come to the back bedroom, and I had every reason to believe he wanted us to get down and dirty right away. To my surprise, as I opened the closed bedroom door, he was naked on the bed, surrounded by three of his friends. They all had their cocks out, and were completely naked. My eyes widened and I staggered back against the doorway in shock. They were already hard for me, and began to stroke their cocks in unison at the sight of me in my busty top and tight yoga pants.

Before I could even say a word, two of the men walked towards me and closed the door. Given that I now couldn't get out of this situation, I figured I might as well do my best to enjoy myself. They ordered me to get down on my knees and suck their cocks. One was a full 8 inches and the other was a thick 7. I took them both in my mouth at the same time and began to suck, working my tongue all over the shafts and each cockhead. My boyfriend walked behind me along with his other friend, he lifted my top off my shoulders, exposing my red lace bra. 

Meanwhile, I took a break from sucking to take my hands and move them on their now wet cocks, twisting and pulling on their shafts. The four of them formed a circle around me while I was on my knees, my bright red painted toes tucked underneath my curvy ass. My boyfriend undid my bra, exposing my breasts and rock hard nipples for an extra visual for him and his friends.

Finally having regained my sense of focus, I was able to survey the guys. Besides my tall, brown haired boyfriend Dean, with his ripped body and sexy abs, his best friend Sam was there as well, with his piercing blue eyes and thin physique. He was especially hot because of his broad, well built chest. Alongside my boyfriend and his best friend, were a couple of guys I recognized from a college party I had been to recently with Dean: Bennett and James. Bennett was tall like Dean, but built slightly thicker, with sandy blonde hair. He had very strong arms, and likely played a sport. James was the shortest of the guys, but still hot with his dark hair and athletic body.

Surrounded by the hard throbbing cocks of four horny, aggressive men, I began to eagerly go to work to please them all. They took turns sticking their cocks in my mouth and pushing deep down my throat, fucking my face hard, making me gag as my throat squeezed tightly around each cock. At the same time as they were fucking my face, my hands worked a cock on each side of me, pulling and twisting to make the owner of the cock groan loudly. My boyfriend put his hands on my head and worked my throat all the way down on each of the cocks, making me gag and choke, giving a sloppy, slutty blowjob. 

Meanwhile, Sam began to grope and feel my tits, twisting my hard nipples. Dean ordered me to sit sideways so I could get my yoga pants and thong off. I sat and alternated James and Bennett's cocks in my mouth, while my boyfriend and Sam pulled the yoga pants down my ass and off my legs, then yanked my panties down past my knees. 

Dean took a fistful of my long curly brown hair in his hands and dragged me towards the bed, and tossed me on it. I spread my legs wide, my pussy juices already running down my legs.

He ordered me to lay on my back and spread my legs on the bed, my pussy was dripping wet in anticipation of being eaten out. Teasing me, Dean bit my nipples, making them even harder than they already were, causing me to cry out. He roughly jammed two fingers in my wet pussy, making me moan.

He knelt down and began flicking his tongue on my swollen clit, making me squirm all over the bed. He began roughly fingering my pussy with one hand, while he dipped his other finger in my pussy to get it wet with all my juices, and then shoved it in my tight ass. My hips bucked up to meet his tongue, desperate for him to go deeper. 

He commanded me to flip over and get on my knees. He slapped my ass hard as he began to eat my pussy out from behind. His tongue darted from my pussy to my ass, back and forth, making me moan loudly. The tip of his tongue swirled on my tight little asshole, pushing inside it aggressively. As my moaning increased, my body suddenly went stiff, and I started shaking. I lost all control over my muscles and screamed, grasped at the sheets, and began thrashing wildly. I reached back to grab his head, and shoved his face into my pussy. He got even more aggressive licking my wet slit while I fucked his face and came hard in his mouth. After already orgasming once, I knew that they had much more pleasure in store for me.

"Hey guys, this little fuck slut is all soaking wet, wanting to be completely stuffed with cock," Dean taunted.

"YESSS, FUCK ME, stuff my holes full of your cocks!" I begged, still recovering from my first orgasm of the night.

He rose from eating my pussy out, and shoved his cock in my face. I eagerly took all of him deep down my throat as it helped me regain my senses. Sam slid underneath me, laying on his back on the bed. He positioned himself at the entrance of my tight pussy, and rubbed his cockhead on my slit, before plunging up into my pussy, making me gasp loudly at the sudden penetration.

"I feel like such a naughty girl with my mouth and pussy full of cock. I want MORE. I want all of my holes to be completely filled with all of your hard cocks!" I cried out.

Upon hearing my cries, Dean got behind me and shoved his cock deep in my pussy, stretching my tight little hole as it struggled to accommodate two cocks at once. James and Bennett got in position in front of me and put their cocks in front of my mouth, one of them put his hands on the back of my head and forced me down on his length, making me gag loudly, as I screamed around their cocks from having my pussy dp'ed so hard. I took both cocks in my mouth in unison, sucking them hard, wanting to make them cum down my throat. 

As both men groaned, I made gagging noises from my mouth being stuffed full of hard throbbing cocks. James began fucking my face harder and suddenly pulled out. groaning loudly. He sent waves of cum across my face as his eyes closed and his cock spasmed. Some fell on my tongue and I eagerly lapped it up, tasting his hot cum. I continued fucking the other guys with cum on my face, loving the feeling of being covered in cum, not skipping a beat.

Bennett took a break from fucking my throat, replacing James, giving me enough time to cry out. I started talking dirty while my mouth was full of cock: "I love feeling so fucking full of your cocks. I feel so naughty being pounded hard by your big hard cocks. Use my sexy body for your pleasure. I want to be fucked so hard, use me as your personal fuck toy!"

Dean growled loudly, enjoying pushing his cock deep in my pussy, his cock pressed against Sam, as they fucked me together simultaneously. I could feel their cocks throbbing inside of me, and suddenly, I heard a pair of loud groans. I felt a large load of hot cum filling up my well used, soaking wet pussy, as Dean and Sam shot their cum deep inside my pussy. 

They pulled out to let it ooze down my legs, making my pussy lips all white and sticky. I was the perfect little slut; I reached behind and scooped up their cum on my fingers, putting my finger in my mouth to suck it off and taste it, giving the boys a show as I repeatedly dipped my finger in my pussy, scooping up their cum, and sliding it in my mouth, sucking it off loudly.

"I want more!" I said, looking up at them with lustful eyes.