 I leaned back on the warm bench, gathered Sue with my right arm, and pulled her to my mouth. As our tongues found each other, her right hand reached down for the object of her desire. I instinctively spread my legs so as not to keep her from her goal. As she reached my partly swollen member with her fingertips, the small towel I had wrapped around my waist loosened.

I had noticed small beads of sweat erupting from our bodies due to the heat of the dry sauna we had been sharing, but as soon as my lover's hand enveloped my cock, the perspiration really started to flow down my face and chest. Our mouths parted and we stared into each other's eyes with the realization that an erotic adventure lay before us in this unlikely spa in the middle of a cold February afternoon in French Lick, Indiana.

Just a few moments earlier, the young male spa attendant had offered to give us some 'house' bathing suits to wear while enjoying the various facilities. After a quick inspection of the offerings and seeing they were old and threadbare, we declined in favor of simply wrapping ourselves in the towels that were provided when the need of some modesty prevailed.

As we touched lips lightly once more, I separated the ends of Susie's towel that kept it together under her arms and it dropped behind her revealing her voluptuous breasts with nipples already stiff from the anticipation of delights to follow. My wife's tits had always been fascinating to me, for even though she was a size 34D, they stood proud with very little sag and were topped with large mouth-filling areolas with enormous nipples the size of extra-large pencil erasers. She often went braless while wearing a T-shirt or sweater and seemed to get a thrill from seeing other men ogle her figure.

As we embraced on the sauna bench, I slowly ran both hands down her back giving her a light massage, a sensation I knew she has always enjoyed. My fingers' journey stopped as I reached her hips and buttocks, lingering to feel the womanly softness of her flesh. I could feel an increase in my own arousal as all my senses were being subjected to an ever-increasing level of pleasurable inputs. 

As I closed my eyes and let my mind soak up the sensations, Sue put her mouth close to my ear and softly whispered, "Keep your eyes closed, lie back, and enjoy what I am about to do to you with my hands and mouth."

We were both sitting on the second level of the 3-tiered bench seat and I was opposite the sauna door with the heated rocks, bucket of water, and ladle next to me. Neither of us had poured water over the rocks since the time we had entered and the air temperature was not overly hot. Not wanting to argue with Sue's suggestion, I leaned back against the top seat and waited for her skillful manipulations.

She carefully, almost adoringly, pulled apart both corners of the towel that was tucked around my waist revealing our favorite sex toy. Straight out of a cold swimming pool my member is never less than 5 inches long, and even though circumcised, has a girth of about 6 inches around. As it were, my cock had slowly been approaching its full length of 8 inches and growing thicker since I was not yet fully erect. Sue eased down to the bottom bench sitting directly between my legs. She slowly lifted my now tingling tool at its base with her right hand, unable to totally encircle it with her palm and fingers. Her left hand freely roamed my muscled chest and firm stomach.

With half my dick extending beyond her grip, Sue held it straight up towards the ceiling and slowly began to lick the sensitive underside of the head and ending by circling the opening with the tip of her tongue. She pulled the shaft up, forcing out a small drop of precum which she held in suspension between her tongue and my fully erect cock. I opened my eyes to look down adoringly, and suddenly Sue engulfed the entire exposed shaft with her open mouth and proceeded to work her lips down to the base as far as she could. She has never been quite able to deep throat me, though she claims she never had any problem with her previous moderately-endowed partners.

When Sue had taken all that her gagging reflex would allow, she slowly pulled her head away and ran her teeth ever so lightly across the rim of my dickhead while at the same time looking up into my eyes. As I emitted a low but distinctive groan, she allowed my rod to pop out from between her lips, flashed a smile that was both demure and erotic, and said with obvious sarcasm, "If it hurts too much I can stop!"

I immediately reacted by sitting up, leaning over and giving her a deep passionate kiss, indicating by my actions and not by words that I certainly approved and that stopping was the last thing on my mind. We parted lips and my hands moved to her ripe, pendulous melons that hung just inches from my engorged penis. She leaned forward, putting a breast on either side of my wet shaft and pressed them together. As Sue began to give me the best tit fuck of my life, I glanced straight ahead through the sauna door window and suddenly saw a woman enter the spa area from the dressing room carrying a towel and wearing nothing but a smile!

Oh yes, I guess I forgot to mention the attendant had allowed Sue and I to romp around in the women's side of the spa because the resort hotel was almost deserted due to it being the off season. I quickly surmised the middle aged lady now entering our private retreat had not caught the attention of the guy at the counter and had assumed the facilities were occupied by women only. I drew in a deep breath with the intention of alerting my playmate when I suddenly envisioned the erotic possibilities. Keeping the invasion of our privacy to myself, I continued stroking Sue's breasts as they did the same to me.

This mature woman who I could make out quite clearly through the window was quite fascinating even from a distance. She had long frizzy hair, the reddish color of the Scots of yore. He heavy breasts hung lower than a younger woman's showing the effects of gravity over the years. I could see the coolness of the exposure had excited her nipples, but it appeared from where I was, there was hardly any darker skin of an areola that would normally surround them. Her pelvic triangle was as red as her top, though it was sparse and carefully trimmed in a bikini cut. Her slit was just visible from this distance.

She headed toward the sauna door, opened it with a squeak, and suddenly burst in on our naked activity. Sue turned around with a squeal, still clutching my erect member for security and started to gasp in body-wrenching breaths. As prepared as I thought I was to her appearance, I also began to quiver and almost hyperventilate. The woman who had just entered seemed to be the most calm of all, looked down and said, "I didn't know it was co-ed rules today, but do you mind if I come in and relax?"

Sue and I both choked and stuttered our vocal permissions, and the nude stranger took our utterances to mean "Ok" and entered closing the door behind. She folded her towel on the bench opposite our own and sat down, and without any display of modesty, outstretched her arms placing them on the seat back, slightly spread her legs, and announced, "My name is Marsha and please don't let me interrupt you. I am a long time lover of things erotic, and you two are certainly lovely to watch."

I guess Sue felt we were in as compromising position as we would ever be in, so she began to stroke my hard cock again in full view of our new visitor. With what appeared to be almost a reflex action, Sue parted her thighs which were pointed in Marsha's direction, revealing a glimpse of her completely shaved pussy. Marsha took the initiative and moved towards us, placing her towel next to Sue and sitting down while placing her hand on my wife's thigh. With only a slight amount of coaxing, the creamy thighs spread even further, allowing full access to the prize that lay at their juncture.

Marsha's fingers 'walked' up Sue's leg until they gently touched her outer lips and then she applied pressure to her mound. She slowly but firmly massaged my wife's pleasure zone, then leaned over and took Sue's right breast in her hand and traced the circumference of the nipple with her tongue. Sue arched her back in surprise and pleasure, squeezing my cock in a reflex action. Marsha gave equal treatment to both tits, and as I watched in fascination as she started to move her mouth down Sue's stomach giving her a series of small kisses. This left no doubt as to her final objective.

Each touch of her body by those full lips seemed to quicken my wife's breathing and caused her to tremble in excited anticipation of what was to follow. I positioned myself sideways on the bench, and Sue followed my lead by sitting parallel to me with her head at my midsection. Marsha moved in turn, placing her head between Sue's thighs and was already starting to tongue her clit and easing her middle fingertip up Sue's love hole. Getting back to my throbbing rod, Sue matched head strokes with her own pleasure giver, engulfing me almost fully to the hilt. 

Sitting up supported by my hands behind me, I could see Marsha kneeling between my wife's legs with her own ass pointing up in the air but away from my view, her hair draped down around Sue's upper thighs and head moving in conjunction with Sue's involuntary pelvic thrusts. The hand and mouth that seconds before had been bringing me close to climaxing had suddenly pulled away...Sue was obviously becoming lost in her own world of pleasure, feeling the intimate touches and explorations of another woman for the first time in her life.

With Sue's legs now spread wide apart, Marsha fingers parted her nether lips, allowing her tongue access to the warm and wet tunnel wriggling within inches. She darted her tongue like a small phallus in and out while massaging Sue's sensitive clit. Sue reached out to Marsha's head trying to directly control the stimulation and after only a short time, Sue's body suddenly shuddered and convulsed with what was to be her first orgasm of the day. Marsha stopped her penetration, ran her tongue up the full length of Sue's slit, looked up with spit and juices running down her chin and smiled directly at Sue, saying, "Now it's your turn to pleasure an older woman. My pussy is dripping at the thought of having your mouth sucking on it."

This appeal shocked me into realizing that I was becoming light headed, not only from the excitement, but also from the soaking heat of the sauna. I suggested we continue our ménage-a-trois outside the confines of the hot sauna, an idea my playmates only reluctantly seemed to agree with. We stood up and picked up our towels, opened the door and stepped outside into the much cooler central spa area. Sue turned to me with a confused look of passion and embarrassment. The cool air had shocked her into the reality that we were not only enjoying the sexual advances of a total stranger, but the fact this stranger was a woman.

Understanding her mixed feelings (actually the same ones I had) I held her face close to mine and whispered, "Release your self to the pleasures of the flesh and the moment, knowing our love for one another is strong and unwavering." The deep passionate kiss that followed seemed to relieve much of the tension both of us felt.

Marsha had noticed an exercise mat near the center of the room and had moved to it and was sprawled on her back waiting for us, leaning on her left elbow with her head supported by her hand, right leg bent at the knee and thighs parted. Her animal passions were only starting to surface while ours had almost peaked. Seeming to take charge of the situation, Marsha sat up, spread her legs even wider, looked at Sue and calmly said, "Please come here and return my oral favors while I tend to that monster between your friend's legs!"

Marsha certainly did look inviting there lying stark naked on the mat with her legs parted wide, a move she knew would open her pussy lips and display her dripping pink inner petals. Sue gingerly stepped to the mat and knelt down between Marsha's legs while I did likewise at her head. I felt her one warm hand gather my balls together in a delicate massage. She gently pulled the tip of my cock towards her mouth and gave it a teasing flick with her wet tongue, grinning as the entire purple dick head mushroomed out from the erotic sensation. With her mouth wide open, she engulfed my rod down only part way, allowing her teeth to ever-so-lightly rake the rim of the head. I groaned with pleasure, reached down to fondle her heaving breasts, and focused my attention to the steamy action that was now progressing between her legs.

Sue had initially began her explorations by rubbing her hands up and down Marsha's inner thighs. Although the physique of this mature female that lay before us suggested she spent a great deal of time in the gym, I'm sure Sue found her flesh to be soft and tender. She placed one hand on Marsha's lower abdomen just above the pubis, and applied slow firm rotary pressure to the area just as I often do to her. Her fingers then gathered in the few red pubic hairs that remained along with her outer labia and continued her rotary manipulation. With this first touch of her pleasure center, our playmate spread her legs wide in complete supplication and increased her sucking of me at the same time.

I knew we had watched two or more women making love on our DVD in the privacy of our bedroom, but Sue had seemed more curious and amused by that sort of action than aroused. The vibes I felt now from my wife's activity were totally different...she seemed to be fascinated with the female body below us and intent on returning the erotic sensations just moments earlier she had experienced. Sue bent over and began to tenderly kiss and lick the soft inner things offered her, starting near the knee and ending with a light tongue flick of Marsha's now exposed and darkening inner lips. After three or four of these touches, her pelvis arched up into Sue's mouth, increasing the pressure and her own pleasure, inviting a more full and deeper penetration.

The sight of my wife enthusiastically enjoying her first taste of another woman was more than I could take. I felt my engorged cock inside Marsha's mouth becoming overwhelmed with lust, and my own pelvis started to instinctively thrust in and out as my orgasm erupted with a load of cum deep into her throat. My bellowing caught Sue's attention and she looked up as Marsha was squeezing out the last drops of semen from my bright red rod onto her lips.

"She was almost as good at that as you are," I said lovingly to Sue. "I'm going to take a quick shower, then come back and make you feel glad you're my woman!"

As I stood up to head to the nearby shower room the girls went back to each other with Sue still on her knees and her ass pointing towards the entrance of the women's spa. I was lathering up and watching the two from the shower room when I suddenly saw the young male attendant (now naked) enter the spa and quietly walk up behind my wife, holding his huge erect penis with both hands!

The young stud must have been watching the three of us on the mat from the entrance and had probably been masturbating while Marsha was sucking me off and Sue was giving her head. I surmised his aroused member was doing the thinking for him now since he obviously chose to ignore the fact that even though I was not in sight, he must have realized I had to be close by. I was suddenly filled with several simultaneous thoughts...anger at seeing him intrude on our sexual romp; jealousy seeing a cock that made my pride and joy look like a toy; fear for what he might do to my wife with that piece of meat; and erotic excitement for the same reason! As he slowly approached Sue from behind rhythmically stroking his double handful, I decided not to interrupt the scene that was about to unfold. Instead I lathered up my loins, slowly massaged my manhood back to life, and watched from my vantage point without making a sound.

I guess because of the girl's loud moans and his caution to be quiet, my wife had not noticed his approach. Marsha had either not seen him either or simply chose not to interrupt Sue's oral exploration of her pouting pussy. The stud walked up right behind Sue, knelt down, and simultaneously reached around her chest, grabbed her pendulous breasts, kissed her back, and allowed his erection to gently touch her between her legs.

Barely lifting her mouth from her partner's crotch, and assuming it was me returning to the mat, Sue moaned, "Oh, Dale, I can't believe you're hard already! Please fuck me from behind, please, I'm so wet!" With that passionate plea, she widely parted her knees, arched her lovely ass farther upwards to more fully expose her wet eager pussy, and went back to licking the one in front of her.

I'm was sure my substitute was quite surprised with the reception he just experienced, but felt he could be "Dale" just as easily as the next guy. He slid his hands off Sue's tits, moved them down her soft belly, and with his right hand began to rub her clit from the front. He drew his left hand up to his mouth to get a generous amount of saliva to use as a lube and rubbed in on his huge dickhead. He then carefully positioned it at the entrance of my wife's gaping hole and slowly started to ease it in.

When his penetration reached the point where the head finally disappeared into her pussy, I sensed that Sue suddenly realized something was very different. She loudly groaned with a combination of pleasure and pain and abruptly jerked her head up and around to see what "I' was doing. I could see the wildly surprised, shocked, and pleasured expressions cross her face as she now saw the young attendant tending to his own as well as her expressed desires. Knowing now that Sue knew her rear-entry lover was not me, Marsha casually put her hands behind her head and said, "Susie, I would like to formally introduce you to my part time boy-toy Mike, the best hung stud this side of the Mississippi. Hang on for the ride of your life!"

It was all very clear to me now...Marsha and Mike had arranged this whole erotic episode in advance and we were the objects of their little game, though probably not the first. We were led to believe we would be the only ones that would be in the women's spa, and after a warm up period during which we were left by ourselves, Marsha came in and pretended to be surprised by our presence.

At this moment, however, Sue obviously didn't care how or who arranged what...she only knew she had a large cock partially inside her and wanted the rest shoved in right now. She reached down between her legs, took his ball sack in her hand, and yelled, "Cowboy, ride me 'til I cum, and so you don't slip out, I'm holding on for the duration!"

Sue bent back down to Marsha's snatch and continued her tongue lapping while Mike inched his hard cock further forward while grabbing onto Sue's hips for support. I started again to pump my meat as the sight of another man taking my wife excited me. The young stud had just buried his whole dick into Sue's wet hole and was beginning to reverse his move when I suddenly decided to join in the fun.

I rinsed the soap off my rock hard dick, opened the door of the shower room and announced my intentions by declaring, "Thanks for getting the red-haired pussy ready Sue, but now I'll take over."

With that, I slid Marsha out from under Sue's head, laid down on the mat with my head directly under my wife's face (her mouth was now open in total astonishment), and pulled Marsha back down with her knees straddling my pelvis and facing her boyfriend. With no hesitation at all, she gathered in my rigid cock and impaled herself on it with a squeal. I could tell as she expertly moved her loins up and down my shaft that she would sooner or later make us both cum in gushes without me having to hardly move a muscle.
