 We woke early the next morning after Sarahs online adventures and decided to spend the day together. She prepared a light breakfast and since I always carried my gym bag in the trunk of my car, we decided to go for a run. The Los Angeles weather was perfect and Sarah looked amazing as always, wearing a black sports bra and pink Nike Pro compression shorts. Her ass looked incredible in the shorts and it made for the easiest 3 miles I ever ran. Walking up the stairs back to the apartment, I noticed that her sweat made the shorts slightly transparent and I was excited to see the outline of her thong. We showered and decided to have lunch at Sarahs favorite restaurant which was only a ten minute walk from her place.

I dressed first and enjoyed watching Sarah get ready. She put on a pink lace bra and pantie set that looked very expensive and complimented her figure nicely. My penis approved as well, giving a little lurch in my jeans as I sat on the couch. She completed the look with a tight, black, long sleeved top and a white, mid-thigh, knife pleated skirt.

"You look beautiful, Sarah," I stated as she finished her hair and makeup.

I also approved as she slipped into her usual black high heels and soon we were out the door. 

We walked to the restaurant and just before we arrived Sarahs phone began ringing.

"I'm sorry, but I need to take this," she began. "It's Bryan. I was supposed to call him last night..."

I nodded as she moved away slightly to answer the call. Our destination was a block ahead on the left and while waiting for Sarah to finish, I surveyed some of the businesses in front of me. This was an older part of town, not completely run down, but definitely dated. A smile crossed my lips when I noticed the adult video store.

"I didn't know they still existed," I thought.

The front of the building was brown in color with some sort of yellowing paper covering the windows, I guessed to keep minors from looking inside. The small print on the window advertised toys, DVDs and clothing. The parking lot was small and at this time of day, almost empty. Hearing Sarah still talking to Bryan, I walked closer to the store for a better look.

The upper part of the entrance door was not covered in the paper so I chanced a look inside. It was dark and seemed pretty seedy. I couldn't see much past a few racks of clothes and some DVDs on the wall.

"Ahem, see anything interesting?"

Startled, I turned and saw Sarah standing a few feet behind me with an amused look on her face.

"Nah, It's too dark," I replied. "Haven't been inside one of these in years; I didn't know they still existed. I thought that online shopping had put them all out of business," I explained.

"Well, I've never been in one before. Let's go, the restaurant is just up the road," said Sarah.

A few minutes later we were seated and enjoying some cocktails. I ordered a bottle of wine with lunch and as we ate I noticed that Sarah was more than a little tipsy. We had a great time and leaving I was thinking about getting her into bed when we got back to the apartment.

As we got close to the video store, I had to steady Sarah once as she almost stumbled in the high heels.

"Someone's had a little too much to drink," I teased.

"C'mon, lets check out the sex store," I added.

Sarah looked a little apprehensive but followed me inside anyway. It took a few moments for our eyes to adjust to the low light. The place was pretty small inside. DVDs lined the right wall and racks of lewd clothing dominated the interior. The left wall was lined with shelves of sex toys and a cash register was located near the door. An older Hispanic man stood behind the counter.

"Que, linda," I heard him mutter when he looked at Sarah.

She seemed a little overwhelmed and nervous so I took her hand.

"Let's look around," I whispered.

There were only a few patrons in the store and they kept stealing glances at Sarah. She pretended not to notice them but she could not avoid the gaze of the guy behind the cash register. He was looking at Sarah with pure lust in his eyes. His right arm moved slowly and I was pretty sure that he was stroking his cock under the counter.

I noticed it smelled old and musty in here and we spent a few minutes looking at the dildos and butt plugs when Sarah pointed to a customer walking out of an opening at the back of the store.

"What's back there?" she asked.

A small sign above the opening said "Video Rooms" and I was pretty sure that I knew what they were.

"Do you want to go back there and see?" I asked.

She nodded hesitantly and followed me to the back of the store.

It was even darker here and smelled slightly of sex. Sarahs eyes were wide as she looked at the 5 booths in a tiny hallway. No one but the two of us seemed to be around.

"Are those what I think they are?" Sarah hissed. "Guys go in those to jack off?"

"Yeah, they do," I replied as her eyes got even wider.

"Lets go inside one and check it out," I whispered.

"I don't think so Chris, it's probably pretty gross inside," she replied.

"Lets just have a quick peek," I urged.

I grabbed Sarahs hand and we walked down to the second booth on the left. Slowly, I opened the door and looked inside. The booth was pretty small, only about three and a half feet from wall to wall. A video screen was at the back and there was a small movable bench by the door. The room, surprisingly, was pretty clean unlike the rest of the establishment.

"It's not that bad, have a look," I said.

Sarah leaned forward and peeked inside. Her hand shook slightly on the door frame as she looked around.

"That video machine, does it take money to watch porn movies?" she asked.

"Lets get a better look," I answered and pulled her into the booth.

I closed the door and slid the latch to lock it before glancing at Sarah. She was looking around nervously and seemed like she didn't want to touch anything. Her classy outfit looked totally out of place in these squalid surroundings and I thought it made Sarah look even more sexy. Opening my wallet, I removed a handful of bills and gave them to her.

"Lets watch a movie," I whispered.

Sarah was shivering slightly as I drew her into an embrace.

"No one knows we're in here," I whispered and nuzzled her neck. "Lets have some fun."

Sarah tentatively nodded her head and moved to the side as I examined the machine.

"It's a dollar a minute, hand me a twenty," I asked.

Sarah placed her purse on the floor by the bench and handed me a bill. I inserted the money in the slot and the screen came to life with the image of a beautiful blonde giving some dude a blowjob. Sarah let out a sigh at the image on the screen and looked away nervously before looking back. 

Sitting on the bench, I wrapped my arm around Sarahs waist and drew her down onto my lap. She was still shaking as she sat but her eyes stayed glued to the screen. My eyes wandered in the increased light however and I immediately noticed the holes. Two of them, one in each wall of the adjoining booths.

"Glory holes," I thought.

They were positioned at waist height and large enough to get both your cock and balls, or even an arm, through. Sarah hadn't noticed them as her eyes were fixed on the screen while she shifted on my lap. The guys cock was about eight inches long and the Blonde was struggling to get it all in her throat.

"This is pretty hot, huh," I whispered in her ear.

"Yeah."

Her eyes stayed glued to the screen and she shifted on my lap again.

"Every time you press that button below the screen it switches to another movie," I said. "Why don't you try it out?"

Sarah nodded and stood tentatively. Her legs looked amazing in the glow from the screen as she leaned forward and pressed the button.

"Ohh," she gasped.

The screen changed to the image of a gorgeous Brunette (who looked a lot like Sarah) eating the pussy of a sexy Blonde.

As she sat back down, I lifted her skirt and got a glimpse of her sexy pink panties. They were sheer in the back with more traditional coverage than the thongs she usually wore. 

"Oh my," whispered Sarah as she felt the hardness through my jeans.

Her eyes remained glued to the screen as I reached around and under the skirt. My fingers began to trace little circles on her thighs and I felt her body shiver again.

"You're enjoying watching two women make love, aren't you?" I whispered.

"Yesss," she hissed.

Sarah shifted in my lap again and my boner began to grow even more. I moved my hand higher and felt the lace crotch of her panties.

They were soaked!

My fingers pressed into her love button with urgency.

"My naughty little girl. You love this don't you? Your panties are soaked," I said.

"Mmhmm," came the reply as I pulled the skirt even higher.

"Oh my god," Sarah hissed as I slipped my fingers inside the panties.

Her eyes remained glued to the screen but I detected some movement to our right.

Someone had entered that booth and was looking through the glory hole!

My fingers plunged into her pussy and Sarah rewarded me with a moan and I knew our visitor could see everything that was happening in our booth.

She was so wet that I had to have a taste. I lifted my hand to my lips and licked the sweet juice off my fingers before replacing them in the soaked garment.

I knew our voyeur could see what I just did.

"She looks like you Sarah, would you like to try eating some pussy?" I asked.

Before Sarah could reply a noise came from the next booth and her head quickly swung around and she stiffened.

"Chris!" she hissed. "There's a hole in the wall and someone is watching us!"

"Oh my God! I think it's a glory hole," I replied, feigning shock as I kept rubbing her pussy.

"I've heard of these," I continued. "Pervs can watch other pervs or even place their dicks through the wall to get handjobs or blowjobs."

In the dim light an eye could barely be seen through the hole.

"This makes me uncomfortable. I think we should go."

"Relax, Sarah. He's harmless. He can't touch us. He just wants to watch," I replied and continued my assault on her wet pussy.

She moaned again so I spread her legs wider and pulled her panties to the side to give our friend a better view.

"Oh fuck," Sarah whispered as her body trembled again.

I could tell that she was close to an orgasm. Sarah began to relax slightly and was now alternating between watching the video monitor and the hole in the wall. I decided to up the ante by now referring to her with her cam name.

"You're a nasty girl, Teresa," I began. "You really do love performing for an audience."

Teresa was breathing heavily. She was seconds away from cumming so I stopped playing with her pussy and arose so that we were now both standing.

"Ohhh," Teresa let out a groan of disappointment.

"Don't worry," I whispered. "You'll get to cum."

We now faced each other with Teresas back to our observer. We began kissing, and I lifted the skirt to give him a better view of her sexy pantie clad bottom. With one hand holding the skirt, my other hand began to caress the back of her upper thigh and ass.

My friend was getting a fantastic view and I wasn't surprised at all when his hand appeared in the opening. He wanted a touch.

Teresa and I kept kissing and when his hand got close I removed mine to give him carte blanche.

"Ohh yes, put your fingers back inside me," Teresa cooed, none the wiser.

"He's watching me play with your pussy, I can see him looking right at your ass," I moaned into her ear.

Teresa bent forward slightly and rubbed my cock through the jeans, unwittingly giving him better access, as she moaned in ecstasy.

My prick was rock hard. I was making out with my internet dream girl Teresa Thomas in a seedy porn booth while an anonymous stranger was playing with her pussy.

"Let's watch another video," I said as my accomplices hand and arm disappeared back through the hole.

Another groan of disappointment at cum denial escaped her lips as I fed the rest of the bills into the machine and pressed the button again. The pervert was tasting Teresas pussy juice right now and I knew he was enjoying the flavor.

The image on the screen changed to a sexy blonde on her knees between two black studs. Their cocks were huge, easily ten or eleven inches and the girl was alternating trying to fit each of them down her throat.

Teresas eyes were transfixed on the screen as our neighbor pushed his cock and balls through the glory hole.

"Look at the size of those black cocks," I said and lifted the black top that she wore up and over her head to expose the sexy, lace pink bra that encased her firm 34D tits.

Teresa was distracted by the big, black cocks and the removal of her top and had not noticed the five inch penis that was now in the booth with us.

I resumed rubbing the drenched panties and looked at the hard cock while Teresa remained mesmerized by the screen. An inch and a half smaller than mine, it bobbed slightly with its owners heartbeat as a drop of shiny precum appeared at the tip.

"Do you wish you could play with those black cocks?" I asked and unclasped her bra.

"Yes," came Teresa's reply as the bra joined the shirt on the bench.

I began to massage her breasts as the quiet voice of our neighbor penetrated our booth.

"Ohh, please," came his plea.

Teresa looked over and saw the hard member.

"His cock is in the hole," she hissed, shocked.

"Its okay, he can't hurt us, he just wants you to play with it," I replied and began to play with her pussy again.

I moved Teresa toward the cock and bent her over so both hands were on the wall and she was looking down at it.

"I can't, I shouldn't," she said in a quiet voice as I dropped to my knees behind her.

"You want to," I replied, and unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor.

"Pleease!" came the urgent request from the adjoining booth.

Teresa stepped out of the skirt and gave me better access by spreading her legs. I tossed it on the bench with the rest of her clothes and pulled her panties as far to the side as I could before pressing my face into her pussy and ass.

"Make me cum, Chris."

I pressed my tongue urgently into her butthole before sliding my thumb into her wet pussy. Teresa started to shake a little so I moved my head to the side and looked at the cock.

Teresa had her right hand wrapped around it as her thumb stroked the frenulum with the copious amount of precum that was leaking from the tip.

She began to jack it off as I stood and pressed my hard member into her ass. Teresa and the man on the other side of the wall began to both moan as I reached around and started playing with her pussy and clit again.

"Watch that cock as it cums," I hissed.

Teresa Thomas' head was about a foot above the penis as a moan came through the wall.

Her legs began to shake uncontrollably as the first jet of semen landed on her thigh and began to drip down her leg. She kept stroking it as wave after wave of cum erupted from the dick and her own orgasm began.

"I'm cummming!" she hissed, and released her grip on the cock.

I had to hold her upright as she almost fell to the floor.

After a few moments the rapidly shrinking penis withdrew back into the hole and Teresa stood upright again. Only the initial spurt of cum landed on her leg. The rest ended up on the floor in front of the hole. Unconsciously, she used the thumb and index finger of her left hand to wipe it off her leg.

The sound of the door opening and closing came from the booth. The man had left.

"I'm going to go into that booth, Teresa," I said as I pulled her wet panties down.

"W-what?" she asked. "Why?"

"I want you to suck my cock through that hole." 

She stepped out of the panties at my urging.

"Make sure you lock the door after I leave. I'm going to smell these sweet panties while you play with me," I added.

Teresa chewed on the pad of her left thumb and looked extremely unsure as I opened the door and entered the hallway.

The lock clicked at the same time I realized someone else was going into the booth that I was supposed to enter!

"Wait," I began but it was too late.

The door closed and I heard the lock click.

What should I do? I looked around and saw that I was now the only person in the hallway. I almost banged on Teresas door when I decided to enter the booth to the left. She would realize a penis that wasn't mine and besides, I could yell to get her attention.

This room was a carbon copy of the other one, albeit with only one glory hole. I looked through it and saw Teresa Thomas on her knees waiting patiently for my cock to appear.

Only I knew that it wouldn't.

I stood conflicted. Should I call out and let her know that I was in the other side? Or, should I watch and see what she does?

My thoughts were distracted when I realized that there was some type of screen at eye level that allowed you to see into the next booth. Black in color, it blended with the wall and was made with some sort of fabric that allowed noise to pass through but only allowed you to see through if your face was close to it.

Incredible. I could see everything in Teresas booth. She was still on her knees waiting patiently and looking between the video screen and the hole where she thought I would appear. She began to play with her pussy when the Blonde began getting fucked by one of the black cocks while she kept sucking on the other one.

I was dumbfounded when the penis appeared in the glory hole. From my vantage point it looked nearly identical to mine.

My mouth was dry and I couldn't speak when Teresa stood and started stroking the strange cock with her left hand while staring at the Blond getting fucked on the screen. Her legs and ass were a vision in the high heels and her tits swayed pendulously as she worked.

"This video is so hot. I love watching this Blonde get fucked by two hard, black cocks. I wish it was me instead," she said not realizing that 2 men could see what she was doing.

Teresa bent over farther and licked the top of the cock, eliciting a moan that even I could hear.

"Want me to suck it?" she teased.

"Mmhmm," came the muffled reply.

Quickly, I unzipped my jeans and pushed them and my underwear around my knees as Teresa squatted in front of the cock, her ass and the black high heels looking extremely sexy.

"I'm going to give you the best blowjob of your life," she said, temporarily releasing the cock to remove a band from her wrist that she used to secure her beautiful brown hair back in a ponytail.

I could barely breathe with the anticipation. My eyes were focused on Teresa and the hard penis in the wall. While I stared, I lifted my balls and eased them and my cock through the hole.

I felt like I couldn't blink and my hands began to shake.

Teresa Thomas gripped the base of the cock and began to lick the underside of the head with her tongue.

I had to steady my hands against the wall to keep from falling over.

Her head began to move back and forth as she began to suck the cock. A moan erupted from the other booth and then suddenly she stopped and turned her head in a puzzled manner before licking her lips as if to sample the taste on her tongue.

He tastes and feels different than me and she's not sure what to do!

Several moments passed as my beautiful cam girl just stared at the penis.

Its owner gave it a shake as if encouraging her to continue.

Hesitation evaporated as Teresa began to play with her pussy again and she drew the cock back into her mouth. I watched for several minutes she sucked and even deepthroated it. Then, deciding I needed some attention too, I knocked softly on the thin wall.

Teresa immediately stopped sucking and spun around to look in my direction. Confused, she stared at my cock and then looked back at the one in her hand. Noise from the video screen punctuated the scene.
