 This will not make sense unless you have read Chapters 1 & 2.

*****

Just before I got in my car to head home, I turned back around to Gus, gave him another kiss and said, "Gus, will you fuck me again before I go?"

"Honey, I would love to, but (as he wiggles his loose tool) there is no way we can get him up again for at least a couple of hours. I have cum more tonight than I have in years. But, if you really want to get fucked again, I know any of my friends will be glad to help you out."

When our audience heard Gus say that, twenty pairs of pants immediately hit the parking lot. When I looked I saw twenty eager penises, none younger than 20 years, ready to plumb my depths.

I have always heard that a man's penis was just as varied as a woman's breast and here was proof positive. I saw long, skinny, short, and thick in all combinations and there was one elderly gentleman with a penis that would have looked more natural on a horse it was so long and thick. Some of the men were circumcised and some were uncircumcised.

I addressed the men, "I am so ready to try all of you, but I have one rule I expect everyone to follow. If you cum, you must cum inside me. Either mouth, ass or vagina. I do not want cum in my hair or all over my body. Give me just a minute to get ready as I must put in my diaphragm."

I went over to my car and began going through my stuff looking for my diaphragm. I found the case, but it was empty. Then I remembered that it would still be inside me from my sex last night and this morning with my girlfriend's brother.

Just to be sure, I reached inside my vagina with a couple of fingers and sure enough, there it was nestled securely against my uterus. I smiled to myself, I had been protected all the time with Gus. I walked into the office and began removing my clothes again. I folded them neatly and said, "I am going to choose the first ones and then you decide from there who wants me,"

I chose the four men with the shortest cocks to go first as I knew I would not even feel them later on. I took Mr. fat 3" in my mouth, Mr. thin 3" in my pussy and a 4" in each hand. 

These guys did not take long to cum and they all took turns in my pussy. It seems the rest of the guys followed my lead and arranged themselves by size so that they got gradually bigger.

After about 8 of the guys had had me, I was riding a nice 7" dick when he pulled me down on him so my breasts were squished against his chest. At the same time I felt another cock pushing into my vagina along with his. Two cocks in my pussy at the same time. I was feeling so full. When they both came, one after the other, I was pulled along with an orgasm of my own.

Those guys were followed by a cock in my pussy and a cock in my ass at the same time. From here on, the cocks were getting longer and thicker and while my mouth was still full most of the time, the guys were taking me in the ass or vagina as they chose.  

All the guys came in me at least once and while I did have several little orgasms, the main feeling I had was of a hard cock in me and that I was making the evening a little better for each of them while I was being loved to the fullest extent.

When we got to the last guy, the 70 year old with the horse cock, all the men stood back and made a circle around us to watch.

There was no question that I was well lubed. He was getting sloppy seconds after 20 men.

His entering me was an entirely new sensation. I have never seen such a massive cock, let alone had one inside me.

He slowly slid the head inside my love tunnel and I immediately had an orgasm just from the sensation of being stretched so wide. When I looked closely, I noticed that the head of his penis was the smallest part. He got bigger and thicker from there. It was like a wedge going into me.

The deeper he went, the wider I was stretched and it seemed like I was having one continuous orgasm.

Several of the guys stroked my hands and arms and a couple more were sucking on my breasts, but my entire focus was on the sensations I was feeling in my vagina.

As he began to stroke in and out of me, I could do nothing but lay there. I have never felt anything like this before. 

For the first time since I started with these guys, I opened my mouth to speak, "Ooohhh, fuck me. FUCK ME!"

The more we fucked, the more I orgasms I had. I was seeing stars and then he came. If he could have pumped a gallon of cum into me I'm sure he would have, but it felt like my insides were being flooded again and again as he pulsed and spurted his hot thick creamy cum into my vagina. He was suck a tight fit that none was leaking out, but I could tell that I was full and when he moved inside me, we squished. Oh, he felt so good and I felt so full that I never wanted this to end. I wrapped my legs around his waist and held him tight inside of me. I was sexually exhausted but it felt so good to have this massive cock deep inside of me.

The other guys gradually got dressed and drifted back across the street to the bar until it was just me, Gus, and the old gentleman in my pussy. I wrapped my arms around him, gave him my most tender kisses and thanked him for my best fuck ever. My legs were still wrapped around him holding him tight.

About ten minutes later, a car drove up and a nice looking elderly lady got out. She came into the office and looked at us. Him with his cock deep in my pussy and me with my legs clamped around him so he can't pull out.

She comes up to the desk and says, "Sweety, he is mine. I don't mind that you use him for a little while, but he comes home with me,"

I look up at her and say, "Thank you so much for letting me have this experience. I will never forget his cock or your kindness. Just let me have a few more minutes to savor this feeling and then you can take him home."

Gus and the man's wife talked quietly for a few minutes and I gradually began to loosen the grip with my legs. He kissed me on the lips and thanked me for the experience and his cock began to slip out of my vagina.

When he pops out, I quickly kiss him again and with cum flowing down the inside of my legs, I grab the bathroom key and run nude, breasts bouncing, around to the side of the station.

Each time I have been in the restroom I have left it cleaner than it was when I entered so by now the toilet seat and bowl are clean enough to sit on and I have a supply of shop cloths to use as towels.

I clean myself up again and walk bowlegged on wobbly legs back to the office still totally naked except for my shoes.

"Gus, thank you for the experience of a lifetime. I will never forget you."

"Cum anytime, honey."

I get dressed again and this time I get in my car and head up the road.

Aside by Tgg - I personally feel that chapter 3 may have been a bit of exaggeration on Sally's part as she related this to me. However, I do know that her car did break down in a remote area and she did have it repaired and running better than ever with no money changing hands.