 Joy and Lilith woke up at almost the same time. John was already up, as usual. They rolled over to face each other sleepily. Lilith giggled and smiled.

"You are wild, girl. I surely didn't expect to come up last night and find you banging the butler." Lilith said playfully.

"What can I say?" Joy said, smiling back at her. "I really just needed a dick in my ass, so I found one."

Lilith giggled again and eased herself out of bed. Lilith said that she needed a shower and invited Joy to join her. They brushed their teeth, got the shower ready and stepped in together. The water was deliciously hot and they just soaked for a moment. Both were surprised that they weren't sore from the night before. They both got the tingles thinking about the fun they had. It got a little worse as they soaped each other up, but they were both hungry so they controlled themselves, barely. They chatted about the day ahead as they moisturized each other's bodies. They were sure to get every part of their bodies, as before. They had decided they needed to get swim suits and another sundress or two before they did anything else. They slipped on their last clean sundresses, not bothering with underwear of any sort.

John was reading some documents at the table and looking quite serious when they emerged. Joy thought he looked great sitting there being all business like. She interrupted him by straddling him, sitting in his lap. Joy reached down and grabbed a soft handful of his dick and asked if he was going to hang out with them today. He smiled, appreciating the attention, but declined. Apparently, he needed to have a meeting with the general manager of the resort and other staff while he was there. Joy teased about him not spending time with her and ultimately got him to agree to meet them back in the penthouse for a private lunch. She made it clear that she had some expectations for him by giving him a long squeeze and a passionate series of kisses. 

Lilith laughed with Joy as they left, teasing her about how she had John wrapped around her finger. He never took orders from anyone, but Joy seemed to be an exception. The morning air was crisp, but you could feel the heat building already even at the early hour. The ladies made their way to the dining area and collected fruits, cakes, and juice for breakfast. The chatted about the day and decided that they'd get some beach time this morning while it was cooler, then go for some massages and other resort amenities in the afternoon. Lilith teased Joy about taking advantage of therapist who would give her a massage. She pondered whether he'd be a strong man with the right equipment for the job. Joy teased back that maybe they should get a massage right away. She was only half joking and squeezed her thighs together, wondering why she was already so horny.

Soon they were on their way to the resort's store. It reminded Joy of a Ron Jon Surf Shop back home. They browsed the isles together and found several sundresses in various sizes to try on, along with several nice bikini's, also in various sizes. Joy hadn't worn a bikini in a long time, but her confidence was at an all-time high these days, so why not? The place was somewhat busy, so they ended up using the same changing room. It was more of a set of stalls at one end of the shop. It was plenty big enough for the both of them and had a place to sit as well. They went about trying on their selections and separated them into the ones that they'd keep and the articles to put back. All the while they chatted and complimented each other. Lilith even got Joy to keep a thong bikini that she'd picked out for her. The way she ran her fingers under the strings and thong made Joy shiver a little. Lilith knew exactly how to touch a woman.

When removing her own bikini bottoms to redress, Lilith lost her balance and stumbled into Joy, pressing her against the wall and giggled. They had caught each other and their soft chests were pressed together. The giggling ceased immediately as the feel of Joy's breath on her neck made Lilith tingle all over. Lilith pressed her thigh lightly into Joy's crotch and pressed her own crotch against Joy. The both exhaled deeply and Joy cupped Lilith's ass, pulling Lilith against her more firmly. This young woman in her arms turned Joy on very much as she moved her pussy against her. She could already feel that Lilith was warm and moist and pulled at her ass again, encouraging Lilith to rub against her leg. It was difficult for them not to moan, but exciting at the same time. There were people in the booths to each side and feet could be seen under the door from time to time. Lilith humped at Joy's thigh and Joy pressed her leg into Lilith's pussy. Lilith was making a wet mark on Joy's leg which felt all the better to grind against. Joy kissed her soft lips, biting lightly. She left a trail of kisses down Lilith's cheek to her neck. Lilith humped at her leg harder as Joy's kisses went to her ear. Lilith's breathing was harsh and becoming ragged. All at once, Lilith clenched up and pressed against Joy hard. Joy held her tight as her little body convulsed. Slowly she relaxed and melted into Joy. Their breasts felt delicious pressed together. 

As her breathing returned to normal, Lilith let a hand wander to Joy's crotch and she caressed lightly. Joy whispered her approval in Lilith's ear and her touches became more deliberate, sliding a finger into Joy's wet pussy briefly before sliding it up to her sensitive clit. Joy caught her breath. She badly needed a release. Lilith pushed her to the side toward the seat and knelt in front of her on the mess of clothes that they'd return. Lilith continued to finger her as she swirled her tongue around Joy's nipples, each in turn. Lilith's mouth descending slowly across Joy's tummy to her wet pussy. She slid two fingers into Joy as her tongue made contact with Joy's clit. Joy inhaled sharply again as electricity sprang from her clit, making her shiver as Lilith had done before. Lilith worked her tongue and moved her fingers slowly in and out, dragging them across Joy's G spot and intensifying the pleasure. Joy's cunt was drenched by this point and she breathed harder as Lilith worked two more fingers into her. Lilith continued whipping her tongue on Joy's clit and working her fingers deeper and deeper into her. Joy thought she might be working up to something more.

"Oh yes, that feels so good." Joy whispered, just loud enough for Lilith to hear. Her tongue lashing continued and Joy's pussy relaxed more and more until, with a small push and some pressure, popped her hand into Joy's body. Joy pushed her hips at Lilith in response while Lilith's tongue increased its dance. Lilith slowly worked her hand and wrist into Joy and made Joy arch her back as her pussy stretched to accommodate her hand. Lilith started thrusting into her wet flesh a little more with each stroke. Joy grabbed the back of her head, pressing her mouth onto her pussy and trying not to make any noise. Lilith's hand pressed further, into the deepest parts of Joy's hot tunnel and Joy started to move her hips, grinding against Lilith's face. Lilith pumped her arm even harder fucking Joy's pussy. Joy tensed up and Lilith's tongue zeroed in on the perfect spot. Joy gasped and whimpered out loud as she came hard. A chain reaction set off by her orgasm erupted through her body and she couldn't stop herself from gushing over Lilith's face and arm. She slowly released the back of Lilith's head and Lilith slowly removed herself from Joy's body, only to lean her face against Joy's tummy and hold her in a tight hug. They stayed like that until Joy had relaxed and her breathing returned to normal.

"I thought you were going to make love to me, not fuck me." Joy whispered into Lilith's ear, smiling.

"I'll make love to you when you don't need to be fucked." Lilith whispered back, teasing.

Both of their heads were a little foggy as they got themselves dressed again. They also found that Joy had made a mess on some of the clothes and they made faces at each other, unsure what to do with them. Lilith finally decided that they'd just buy the one that was the moistest, even though it didn't fit. They ended up leaving with several sundresses, bikini's, sunhats, two cover-ups, an extra pair of sandals, and a souvenir beach bag, each. They even got a funny look from the cashier about the wet dress. The cashier refused to sell it to them for that reason. Lilith charged it all to the room and they left, giggling about the mess Joy left on the man's hands and went straight back to the room.

As they stashed the other clothes and donned their beachwear, Joy commented about how much fun it was going shopping with Lilith. Lilith, reminded of the fun, insisted on cleaning Joy up and reapplying the replenishing oils to her special places. Joy thought she spent a little extra time on her ass, but didn't complain in the least. Much to Joy's surprise, her pussy was already tingling again. Before they started trouble again, they set out to the beach. John had their morning butler reserve a couple chairs for them in the shade. They had their butler fetch some drinks as they got situated. The breeze felt amazing on their skin. It only took a little coaxing to get Joy's cover up off and to expose her beautiful body. She couldn't be convinced to wear the thong yet, but Lilith was sure to let her know how good she looked in her two-piece. 

They sat out in their lounge chairs, pulled close together, for several hours. The watched all the beautiful people, both locals and tourists. It was a clothing optional beach and some people left nothing to the imagination. They had to look away from a few of them, but others were stunning. Strangely, Joy had some dirty thoughts about some of the nude women, who looked extra fine. She thought more about several of the young studs who were parading around in the nude. All of them looked more than capable of providing a woman some pleasure. Lilith seemed to be touching Joy most of the time. Sometimes with a hand resting lightly on her thigh, other times with a quick caress of Joy's most sensitive parts. Lilith teased, trying to get Joy to go topless, but didn't succeed. All the talk was turning Joy on again though, and Lilith's sneaky caresses didn't help that situation in the least. Lilith reminded Joy of Eric in that way. He was always finding a way to cop a feel, and Joy loved it, even when she said she didn't.

Joy saw their boat, McCloud's Reward, floating against its anchor a few hundred yards out and remembered how John had plowed her and Lilith against the bow rail the previous day. It made her squeeze her thighs together again, which Lilith noticed. This resort didn't seem too terribly different than other's she'd been to, not to mention that John had gotten distracted being the boss. She told Lilith she wanted to spend tomorrow at sea so that John wasn't so distracted. Lilith thought that was a fantastic idea.

The noon hour approached and they made their way back to the penthouse arm in arm. They were making plans for what they were going to do to John after they ate. The penthouse was freshly cleaned when they arrived and there was hot food already set out at the table. John appeared soon after and Joy got up to hug him tightly and groped his ample member while she was at it. He always flinched just a little and it made her smile. She liked this bit of control she had over this powerful man. They ate and chatted idly. The resort had some inconsistencies in their books that John as trying to sort out. The girls were disappointed that he had a couple more meetings that afternoon. Joy shared her desire to get back out to sea tomorrow and John readily agreed. He found that she'd never spent the night at sea either and nodded to Lilith to make it happen.

They buzzed the butler, who took away their plates, and Joy was soon in John's lap again. Lilith made a call out to the boat so that they could prepare for a slightly extended trip tomorrow. By the time she was done with her call, Joy had John's cock out and was teasing the blood into it. Joy slipped out of her cover up and knelt between his legs. She liked the feel of his heavy semi-erect cock in her hands and slapped him playfully against her tits and cheek. As she tongued him from top to bottom she thought of their tryst aboard the boat again and her pussy responded. She felt Lilith's little hand at her pussy again and she rubbed lube into her cleft. Her clit had recovered from her dressing room experience and was sending pleasure to her brain once again. She remembered how John had fucked Lilith so hard that her feet came off the ground and the thought made her quiver. She looked up from his cock as Lilith took him into her mouth and told John that she wanted to be fucked like he did Lilith.

"No, I'm going to be gentle with you. However, if you still feel the same way when we leave for home I'll fuck you as hard as you can stand, all the way home if you want." John said, matter-of-factly. 

This sounded like sound logic to her, but she still wanted to be fucked. Joy's body responded to John's commanding tone. Joy made a big eyed pouty face at him as she lowered her face to his balls. They licked and sucked at his cock and his pleasure was obvious. His cock was rock hard now and Lilith began to lube him up. Joy helped stroke the lube onto his thick cock as well and imagined it inside of her.

"You first." Joy said to Lilith, playfully smacking her ass. 

Lilith stood, straddling John as he sat in the kitchen chair. Joy watched intently as she positioned him at her entrance and slowly started to work herself down his long rod. The sight of her pussy stretching around him was very hot and Joy started to rub her clit lightly in sympathetic pleasure. Joy applied a little more lube to them and Lilith called out as he slipped farther inside of her. With one last wiggle, his cock disappeared inside of her and she moaned and shuddered. Lilith worked her pussy on his cock and Joy played with his balls and caressed her ass. He groaned, enjoying the sensation of fingers on his balls while buried in a hot, wet pussy. Lilith liked it deep and kept his cock inside her grinding and shuddering. He scooped up her legs in his strong arms and grabbed her hips, her legs draped over his arms. Her pussy was spread wide and he leveraged his cock even deeper. She whimpered as he drove against the back of her pussy. All the muscles in his body flexed as he began to lift her up and drop her back and his cock, over and over. Lilith clung to his neck swooning. Joy moved to the couch and rubbed her clit, watching the erotic scene. 

Suddenly, John stood, still holding Lilith. He began roughly lifting her and driving her down on him. She started to quake and squirm and he continued until she went limp. He slowed and walked to the couch, setting her down gently beside Joy. John withdrew from Lilith and focused to Joy's hungry pussy. He knelt in front of Joy and pushed himself firmly into her. She sighed and added more lube to his wide shaft. It didn't take long for him to bury himself in her and she groaned and shivered. She loved that cock and wanted him to fuck her hard.

"God yes, fuck me." Joy begged. 

John started to move slowly, working his hard cock this way and that. She tried to use her hips to fuck him but couldn't get the leverage. He started to make longer strokes and she groaned at the feeling. Joy frigged her clit and hooked her heels into his ass like spurs. She needed more of that dick and did her best to get it. Her clit was throbbing and his cock felt so good inside of her. She started to moan louder and louder.

"Give me your cum, baby." Lilith asked John. She knelt beside him and massaged his balls and felt them begin to contract. Joy's convulsions soon followed as she climaxed. As Joy's orgasm subsided, the spasms in her pussy pushed John over the edge. He pulled out and stroked himself several times before Lilith took his fat dickhead into her mouth, rubbing her tongue on the underside of it. He exploded in her mouth and she sucked at him hungrily. She refused to miss any and sucked at him until he became too sensitive to stand it, pulling away. John bent forward onto Joy's stomach, resting his head. She caressed his face and hair absently, noting that this was the second time today she'd had a tired face on her stomach.

"You've been good about leaving me wanting more, you know that?" Joy teased with a smile. 

"Am I that transparent?" John quipped back with a wicked grin.

"Not really, but I'm assuming because that's what Eric likes to do with new ladies he meets, and it always works." Joy said. Lilith had returned with hot washcloths and, having heard the conversation, agreed with Joy. Eric did have that naughty habit. Lilith shared that Eric did that the first couple nights in London, then on the last day he fucked her until she couldn't stand.

"Mmmm. That sounds familiar. I guess John might just have to carry me off the plane when we get home." Joy said, making everyone laugh. They no longer doubted her sexual appetites and were sure that she was right. Assuming John were up to the task, of course.

Lilith proceeded to cleaning them up and taking good care of their sensitive bits as usual. John went about making himself look presentable for his afternoon's work. Soon he gave the ladies kisses and received a grope from Joy in exchange, then left indicating that he'd be done before dinner time. Lilith and Joy looked at each other for a moment.

"Spa or more beach time?" Lilith asked.

"Spa." Joy said. A massage and lots of special treatment sounded great. Lilith quickly placed a few calls and was proud to announce that there were spots open now for a Mani-Pedi. They put on their bikinis, cover ups, and sun hats just in case they wanted to hit the beach. Off they went to the salon.

There wasn't a wait, at least not for them. They were seated quickly and the cosmetologist was very congenial. Both of them were being attended to by men, who made good conversation as they began to work on their hands and nails. They took great care of them and within 20 minutes, they had moved them to the station where they could work with their feet. As they washed and scrubbed their feet, the ladies noticed that they guys kept stealing glances at their crotches. They didn't mind the attention and allowed their legs to spread a little as well so they could get a better look. At one point, Lilith pretended to itch, moving aside her bathing suit and giving the guy a good look at her freshly fucked pussy. He promptly dropped the scrub due to the distraction and the ladies giggled in delight. They teased them like this throughout the pedicure, which seemed to take longer than it should have. When they were escorted to the door, you could definitely see the bulges in their pants. It was obvious that they liked what they saw.

The next stop was for a sauna. They stripped outside and entered, bringing a towel to sit on. There was already a lady in there, but she left soon after they got settled into their spots. The heat and humidity was intense, but it felt good. About half way through their session, two couples entered, covered in towels. The men were good looking and were sure to eyeball Joy and Lilith's exposed bodies as they got their seats. One of the women who were with them seemed to like what she saw as well. They caught glimpses of her looking their way several times through half-open eyes. Joy even saw her nipples get hard and wondered what she was thinking. Joy thought briefly about making a move on them, but it was too damn hot in the sauna to think about sex. Their time was up and the took a cold rinse before drying off and getting back into their bikinis Facials were next and once again, the staff took good care of them and were as friendly as you could expect.
