 Back in the 70's, in that decade of post-Pill and pre-HIV, I was a first year grad student at Berkeley when I met a new assistant prof in the history department. Jed was a few years older than I was, and he was a real product of the 60's: a bushy bearded and somewhat stocky teddybear kind of a guy who loved his dope and loved the sexual freedoms that emerged from those times. He resisted giving up either in the 70's, even when he moved from Cambridge to take a fairly respectable job at Cal.

In those days a student-teacher relationship wasn't quite as taboo as it pretends to be today. We weren't particularly obvious about it, though, since we weren't in the same department and didn't have a formal academic relationship with each other. Jed and I fell in lust, moved in together, then fell in love and got married, all within six months. I was entranced by him. He adored me. And he introduced me to the things he liked best. Good bookstores. Good jazz. And threesomes.

The bookstores and the jazz were mostly in Berkeley and San Francisco. The threesomes were mostly at home. He liked women -- liked to talk with them, liked to look at them, and liked to fuck them. He'd meet them, seduce them, and bring them home to share with me. At first I had twinges of jealousy, but Jed was persuasive and I relaxed about it all. Mostly, I think, he just liked to go to bed with new women, and he saw threesomes as a way to do that and still maintain a steady relationship with me.

The first one was Beth, a woman we met at a club in the City. She was a thirtysomething Financial District secretary by day and a Haight-Ashbury post-flower child at night. She and two girlfriends followed us home that first evening with the promise of a hottub and some grass, and in the wee morning hours her two friends drove home without her. The three of us fell asleep naked in our king-sized bed, all cozy mellow and amazingly comfortable with one another. I surfaced into partial consciousness sometime before dawn, only vaguely aware of Jed on top of rail-thin Beth with her small breasts. Her long legs were wrapped high around his waist, her palms swirling large circles on his back, their mouths locked together as they languidly undulated against each other.

I lay on my right side and watched them through sleepy half-closed eyes, feeling more curious than alarmed. Eventually I reached over a hand to stroke her curly brown hair, and sweet Beth responded simply by gently caressing my left breast with her left hand. She cupped my breast and pinched my erect nipple between her thumb and forefinger every time Jed stroked up inside her and she raised her hips to meet him. Finally, her breathing quickened and her body squirmed and then stiffened, her hand squeezed down and motionless on me, and Jed grunted and finished himself off with her. I could see his buttocks clenching with each spasm of his release. I just kept stroking Beth's hair until we all drifted back to sleep.

The next morning I was more wide-awake. This time Jed and I made love in the warm musky bed while Beth watched. Or rather, she started out just watching, but before long she was touching me, or Jed, or both of us at the same time. We switched places after awhile, with Beth winding up on top of Jed as I straddled his head, face to face with her, embracing and kissing. Then she stopped moving and whispered to me, "He's about to come. It's your turn" and then she rolled off and over to the edge of the bed. I spun around and inhaled Jed's slippery cock into my vagina and, with only a few seconds to spare, felt him spurting inside me as I mashed my hips around and around on him. The tendons in his neck stuck out and his mouth froze wide open as he climaxed, his eyes focused at first on mine, then over to latch onto Beth's face as he emptied himself into me.

Beth was a regular weekend visitor for two months, but she eventually grew tired of the freeway and bridge hassle and of leaving her apartment and her cat, and I suspect perhaps also a little bored with the confining sameness of it all, after the newness of the relationship wore off. One weekend she had some excuse why she couldn't come, and after that her visits were less and less frequent until, after another two months had gone by, she stopped completely.

By then Jed had found another playmate, and we just kept flowing from one relationship to another. Next was Marcy, the redhead Mills College senior with the wirerimmed glasses and green eyes and buxomy body and decided lack of gender preference. Her favorite thing was to dance her mouth on my pussy as her fingers diddled her own clit and Jed filled her with his cock from the rear. When she climaxed she would suction my clit between her pursed lips and hold me there, transmitting a long, drawn-out moan into my body that pulled me over the edge to join her.

Then there was Denise, the petite Chinese-American waitress who served us at a coffee shop on Telegraph Avenue and who we later served in our bed at home. She had pensively mysterious eyes, shiny black hair, and small, dark nipples that seemed perpetually hard. Her wispy black pubic hair framed brown labia that blossomed open to expose a marvelous pink interior and an equally hard clitoris. Denise was the most oral person I had ever known, both in giving and receiving, and could string together a half dozen stupendous orgasms over an evening, complete with writhing body and vocal shrieks that we were convinced would result in the Berkeley police knocking on our door. Jed always seemed to relish working his cock into her vagina as a finale. Afterwards he would tell me how snug it was, how he would bump up against the end of her vagina, alongside her cervix, and his erection would still not be completely inside her, and how tight she would grip him when she climaxed in one final thrashing frenzy.

Some relationships spanned months, and others were one-night stands. The shortest, though in some ways the longest, was Karen, our next-door neighbor for more than a year. She and her husband, Ray, had rented the adjacent house not long after Jed and I had bought ours. Karen and Ray had a noisy, combative relationship, arguing about money and Ray's lazy nature and, as Karen confided to me one afternoon over a pitcher of wine coolers on my deck, his frequent womanizing.

Eventually Karen decided that she'd had enough. She showed up at our door one Tuesday evening with shining eyes and a determined jaw. "I'm leaving him," she announced, "tonight, before he gets home. Asshole said he'd be home when the bars close. I packed my things and called my sister in Portland to tell her I'm coming." Jed and I just stood there and listened to her. "But there's one thing I've always wanted to do, living next to you two all this time and watching you and all those other women." Jed and I glanced at each other. Karen walked right up to him, put her hands on his chest, and kissed him.

I suppose it was one of those Goodbye Fucks for the three of us and a Goodbye Fuckoff for Ray, in absentia. It may have been her first time with a woman, but Karen acted as though she'd been doing threesomes all her life. She wanted to try it all. By the time she left our house shortly before midnight, she'd sucked off Jed, brought me to a screaming orgasm with her mouth and fingers, been on the receiving end of the very same thing from both Jed and me, had been fucked to two more orgasms by Jed in three different positions, and had persuaded Jed to finish them both off in her virgin ass. She lay on her stomach on the bed as he took her, her chin quivering nervously, gripping my hands in her two tight fists. Her last orgasm found her with a sweaty brow and wet palms and a profoundly surprised expression on her face, and it left her limp and weak-legged when we walked her to the door. "I'm gonna have 'ta find a cheap motel up the highway for tonight," she said, kissing us goodbye. "I'm in no condition to drive all the way through."

But after two years and five women, it started to feel one-sided, and I discussed with Jed the idea of me bringing home a guy. Jed made it clear he wasn't interested in a bisexual relationship with another man -- isn't it interesting how many men love to see two women going at it, but they won't have anything to do with another man? -- though he was grudgingly willing to let me entertain another man in his presence.

My search began. I needed to find someone who I was willing to take to bed, and that someone had to be willing to have my husband there, too. Obviously, it was a delicate subject to bring up in casual conversation. I'd only been a mostly silent observer when Jed sweet-talked women with a soft-spoken flirtatiousness that was direct enough to make it clear what we were seeking, yet playful enough to allow a woman to graciously decline. I had no personal practice with the technique. You can't just be strolling through Sather Gate with a classmate and say, "Want to go get some coffee? And afterwards come home and fuck me? Oh, I should mention, there's just one small condition..."

Eventually, though, I found him. David was another grad student in my department, complete with that clean-cut blond California look, but not too much the Adonis-surfer type. We struck up a good friendship and developed it into a serious case of flirting and suggestive innuendoes. I hadn't had sex with another man since I'd gotten together with Jed. I was liking more and more the idea of doing it with David.

Finally I broached the subject to David after he groped me in the library and planted a quick kiss on my lips. Yes, I'd be willing to go to bed with him, but it had to be in a threesome that included my husband. No male-male contact, just an evening concentrating on lil'

'ole me. He thought about it for a moment, then he agreed. I guess when you're horny, you'll agree to almost anything.

I guess that was true for both of us.

The appointed hour on Friday evening arrived, and David appeared at the door to our house in the Berkeley Hills. He seemed nervous, and that wasn't helped by Jed's attitude, either. I think Jed didn't much like me having the same kind of freedom that he'd been enjoying, but he'd agreed to it and he didn't want to seem like a total hypocrite and back out at the last hour.

We treated David like we treated our female visitors, giving him a quick tour of the house and eventually winding up on the deck overlooking the Bay. I suggested we all strip and get into the hottub. That had always worked as an icebreaker. We'd sip wine, gaze out at Alcatraz and the Gate and the lights of San Francisco emerging in the twilight. It got everyone toasty warm and tasty clean. And naked, of course. Naked was always a good starter.

Somewhere between being relaxed and being cooked, we emerged from the tub and made our way to the bedroom. It was all ready, having been that way for hours, with soft lights and exposed sheets. I nudged David into the room ahead of me, feeling like a cross between a sheepdog and a choreographer, and I hoped the hottub hadn't mellowed him out too much to get aroused. We paused in the doorway, giving me time to peek around to check out his crotch. Half-mast. Ready to go!

I gave David a little push, and he sat down on the edge of the bed. "Go lie down," I told him, and he scooted up to the headboard, flipped onto his back, and leaned against the overstuffed pillows. He sprawled his legs out, shyly holding (well, maybe more like hiding) his now erect penis as it pointed skyward. I looked back at Jed, smiled, then crawled forward between David's legs and replaced his hands with mine. 

Damn, it was a lovely cock. Circumcised, medium sized with a gracefully curved shaft tipped with a dark-rimmed mushroom head. I played with it for a moment, feeling the shaft stiffen and the head expand every few seconds as his muscles clenched. Then, craning my neck back just enough to be able to look up at his face, I bent the shaft toward me and licked it from the base to the tip.

I love to give head. I also love to watch a man's face when I'm doing it. It's not a mandatory thing to look at his face -- I can certainly tell how well I'm doing by just feeling and tasting his warm flesh in my mouth -- but I enjoy the extra visual connection. I can watch his eyes, see his pupils dilate as he gets more excited. Watch his face scrunch up. Watch him watching me.

I was just starting to take David into my mouth when I felt Jed get up behind me on his knees. He grabbed my hips and signaled me to raise my ass. I inched my knees forward, spread wide to give him access, and Jed rubbed his cockhead up and down my increasingly slippery slit. It was perfunctory foreplay, more to get himself lubricated and get inside me in a hurry than something that was intended to arouse me, but that was all right with me that night.

I tried to use my mouth on David to mimic what Jed's cock was doing to my pussy. It seemed like that helped me connect in my own mind what was happening at both ends of my body. So as Jed's penis was probing up and down my pussy lips, so was my tongue swirling around David's cockhead. When Jed prodded, almost roughly, into my vagina, I took David's tip between my lips, making him jump as I worked around the rim. Then as Jed began to stroke his hard cock into me with steady, full-length thrusts, I drew David's shaft deeper and deeper into my mouth. It was wonderful, really, having that familiar stiff cock drill into my pussy, the friction deliciously dragging my labia in and out and pulling on my clit, and at the same time feeling and tasting a new cock in my mouth.

David and I maintained our eye contact. I think he was feeling a bit awkward, not just because he was sharing a bed with another man, but having his penis in that other man's wife's mouth, so I tried to give him something to look at instead of having to look at Jed. I circled the base of David's erection with a thumb and forefinger, gripping snugly and sliding up and down. His flesh was wet with my saliva and his oozing juice. His cock was glistening, slippery, twitchy. On the topside I used my tongue a lot, licking the shaft and swirling around the head, then alternating that with taking half of him into my mouth and sucking, hard. I like to think I do a good blowjob. David wasn't complaining.

Meanwhile, Jed was occupying my other end. I don't know about other people, but I find it difficult to concentrate on two lovers at the same time. At any one time, one person just has to be the principal focus and the other the secondary. David was now my primary focus. He was the new lover, and I wanted to experience him. To please him. But Jed's thrusts were insistent, and his cock kept yanking my attention back to my pussy. He held my hips with his hands and just pounded into me, grunting with each inward invasion. He was bottoming out, and each time it would rock me forward and perturb what I was doing with David. Jed was rock-hard that night, no doubt because he was both extra excited and also trying to put on a show for this other man.

But as I said, being between two lovers makes it difficult for me to concentrate. I didn't feel like I was going to climax. All the right physical reactions were there. My juices were flowing like Niagara Falls, Jed's cock was grazing my G-spot on almost every stroke, and I felt hugely turned on by the scene, but I just knew it wasn't going to happen, and I didn't want to waste any effort worrying about it or trying to reach for it. At this point I just wanted to satisfy my lovers, so I tried to get them into sync with each other.

Another thing I pride myself in is being able to exert some measure of control over a lover's orgasm. The true test was coming [if you'll pardon the pun] as I had to accurately pace each of them, to slow one down as I sped up the other. I was more familiar with Jed, of course, so he was the more predictable one. I had to work with David to get him caught up with Jed.

One thing about doing it doggie style is that the angle makes my vagina open up, and that seemed to cause those sexy, sloppy sounds as Jed pumped his cock into me. Whenever I heard an extra loud gushy sound, I tried to echo it by slurping on David, and I got satisfaction in hearing him moan and feeling him holding my head a little tighter and stiffen his cock in my mouth. I hummed on his shaft, enough for him to feel it, but not enough for Jed to hear. I wanted that little private communication with this new lover. There wasn't much else private going on between us that night.

I could tell that Jed was getting close. He was grunting and driving himself into me with long deep strokes that I knew would bring him to orgasm in no more than another half minute. David's eyes had closed and his salty precome was leaking profusely. His hands held the sides of my head, lightly, letting me draw him along at my own pace. I don't know how much of it was skill and how much was luck -- and how much was just having Jed and David feed off each other's cresting excitement -- but they were both getting there, neck and neck.

The two cocks stiffened at the same time. Jed's fingers dug into my flesh and his hips flew into a flurry, and I tried to match it with my mouth and hand. I looked up at David. His eyes were open again, staring down at me, mouth open. Jed's final thrusts jostled me forward. I held the end two inches of David's cock in my mouth and doubled the speed of my hand around the base, pleading with his intensely blue eyes to surrender and let me taste him. Jed cried out, clawing at my hips to bury himself, and I felt the hot pulses of his seed spurting inside me. Only a heartbeat or two later, David's cockhead ballooned and his fingertips dug into my hair and he groaned and I got him to explode into my mouth. As each spurt shot out, I bobbed my head and stroked my hand in tandem, milking his hot white fluid. His thick sticky semen splashed against the roof of my mouth, and I imagined Jed's cock squirting his inside my pussy in exactly the same way. I squeezed my vagina down on Jed as I tried to suck it all out of David. It's difficult to describe how incredibly high-energy it all felt, being the focal point of two men spilling their semen into two different parts of my body at the very same moment.

We three were a frozen tableau for a few precious instants. I was the centerpiece, the human connection between these two throbbing cocks, absorbing each of their energies and trying to echo that energy back to them. Glorious! Jed finally relaxed his grip and slipped out. He smacked me lightly on my butt, followed that with a little pat, then he sank back on his heels and caressed my hips. I let go of David's softening cock. It bobbed there, in front of my face, all red and angry and still dripping white out of the little slit.

Jed edged off the bed and stood up. His softening erection stuck out horizontally and was deflating fast. He milked it a couple of times, then wiped his hand on his thigh. "Damn, that felt good," he muttered. He looked down at us on the bed. "I'm going to the kitchen for supplies. Want anything?" David said nothing. My face was buried against the sheets and I grunted a muffled "No." I hadn't moved. My ass was still sticking lewdly up in the air. I felt Jed's come starting to leak down my thighs. I smeared the taste of David's semen around in my mouth. I felt like an object. I loved it.

After Jed left the room, I crawled up on my hands and knees to lie down on my stomach next to David, nestling my head on his shoulder and sprawling an arm across his chest. He reached around to scratch my back and I purred. "That felt really good, Annie," he told me.

"Mmm," I murmured. "I like the way you taste." I had hoped he would taste that good. My hand drifted down to play with his soft penis. It was still leaking a little, and my fingers swirled the mixture of saliva and semen around the head, then grasped the spongy shaft with my fist. He shuddered.
