 All characters in this work of fiction are over the age of eighteen.

***

Tia was walking down the sidewalk enjoying the warm spring day when she heard the car horn. She looked around to find a blonde waving at her from the driver's seat of a Mercedes. She squinted in the sun and realized it was Ronnie, her old college friend. She crossed the street at the light and walked back up the sidewalk to where Ronnie was waiting beside the brand new car.

"It looks like you did ok in the divorce after all, what a beautiful car."

"No, that jackass went broke. I have something else I do."

"You always did have a way of getting money, even back in college."

"So, how's your marriage working out, better than mine did I hope?"

"Not a chance, I've been divorced for over a year."

"Wow, well we should get together over a bottle of wine and catch up."

"That would be great; I'll bring the wine then."

Ronnie wrote down her address and after a few more words, Tia walked away.

A week later, Tia arrived at a posh condo sitting on the hillside overlooking the city. She rang the bell and Ronnie answered and invited her in. The condo was incredible on the inside as well, and Tia was impressed. Everything was high dollar everywhere she looked. They sat down in the living room together where Ronnie already had a two hundred dollar bottle of wine opened.

"Ok Ronnie, let's cut to the chase. How can you afford all this?"

"It involves sex, to put it simply."

"You're a prostitute now?"

"No, nothing like that, well sort of, no...it's a club actually."

"Ya, it sounds like I wouldn't be interested. I like sex, but not like that."

They drank some wine and got caught up on the past, and then Ronnie brought it up again. She reached in her purse and pulled out a stack of brand new bills and set them on the table.

"I made that on Wednesday."

Tia picked up the stack of one hundred dollar bills and started counting. She finished and whistled out loud. It was a lot of money.

"You got paid five thousand dollars for one night of sex?"

"Yes, but it was with ten men."

"You had ten men fuck you in one night, for five grand, and this happens how often?"

"Once a week, unless I sign up for extra work, and trust me, I sign up for extra work a couple times a month."

"...and you've been doing this for how long?"

"Almost two years, and the best part is, the car is a gift, as well as the condo."

"So where do I sign up?"

"Ya, I thought so, you always were the liberated one. Trust me though Tia, it's not for the meek of heart."

"My god, is it safe being alone with ten men?"

"I've never been hurt, but I have been sore, if you get my meaning."

"Man, I don't know, it sounds so...wow, that's a lot of cock in one night."

"These guys like to have fun, and I'll tell ya, when I'm done every one of them thanks me, which is more than my husband ever did, banging away with his drunken, half-limp dick until he'd cum, and then pass out."

"I know what you mean, but damn girl, fucking for money, seriously?"

"The condo next door is vacant, and the car is in the garage."

"I can't believe I'm even considering this..."

"Weren't you the girl that suggested a foursome with our boyfriends, and then let them DP you? I remember you convincing me to take Jake up my ass."

"God I came hard, that was a night to remember."

"I lose track of my orgasms with these guys, trust me they like making you cum."

"So how would this work?"

"I can invite you as an observer, but you have to sign some paperwork. You wouldn't be touched, but you have to give them your decision at the end of the night. You also won't know the location either, none of the girls do. It's called the playground, it's really cool actually."

"You sound like you actually enjoy it Ronnie."

"To tell the truth, I do actually. My body made ten men cum, twice at least. I felt so sexy, and powerful, it was amazing."

"Ok, I guess I'll check it out..."

"There is one more thing; you have to be naked for the second half of the evening. They actually need to see what they are buying."

"That makes sense I guess."

"So, tomorrow night is my regular night, are you up for it, or do you need more time."

"I'm sopping wet right now just thinking about it, I think I'm ready."

Ronnie got up and set her glass on the table. Tia knew the look in her eyes and smiled. Ronnie slipped her dress off her shoulders and it fell to the floor leaving her naked. She rubbed her wet pussy with her fingertips and then sucked the juices off her fingers. Tia started undressing and Ronnie stepped in to help.

Ten minutes later Tia was on her back and Ronnie was on top of her grinding her pussy on her face while she chewed on Tie's perfect pussy. Tia was squirming around while Ronnie worked a finger up her tight rosebud. Tia hadn't had anything in her ass in a long time and she felt an itch starting deep inside.

Ronnie reached under the sofa and pulled out a towel and set it between Tia's legs. Tia's asshole was twitching on Ronnie's finger and she laughed. Ronnie grabbed the polished metal butt plug and started poking Tia's asshole with it and then pressed the tapered tip in an inch.

"Fuck, don't tease me, just shove it in!"

Ronnie let some spit fall on it and then jammed it home. Tia hissed and her hips bucked. Ronnie sucked hard on Tia's clit for a second and then picked up another toy. This one looked like a stack of mini chocolate donuts and was almost as big around at the base. She pushed the first two rings into Tia's wet shiny pussy and Tia started moaning for more.

"If you want more you better start sucking my clit."

Tia reached around Ronnie's thigh with her hand and shoved a finger in her ass and one in her pussy and latched onto her clit with her mouth. Ronnie gasped and shoved the dildo up Tia's tight pussy. Tia moved her second hand around and did the same with those fingers. She started pulling and thrusting sending Ronnie into a fit of ecstasy, causing her to start fucking Tia hard with the dildo and when Ronnie's mouth covered her clit she exploded.

"Oh fuck ya!"

Ronnie started losing control as well and when Tia started sucking hard on her clit and rubbing her tongue on the hard little nub she exploded. The two women were moaning and gasping as they worked each other's pussies with their mouths.

Twenty minutes later Tia was getting dressed and Ronnie was sipping wine naked on the sofa. Tia smiled and sat back down picking up her glass. Neither of them spoke for a while and then Tia started laughing. Ronnie joined in.

"It's been a while, right Tia?"

"Ya, too long I'd say...so how will this work?"

"Just be here tomorrow at seven thirty, dressed to kill."

Tia was nervous and excited the next day over breakfast. She thought about what she was doing and felt a shiver run up her spine. The thought of ten strangers pounding their hard cocks into her made her wonder what she was getting herself into. She looked around her apartment and thought about Ronnie's condo. She reached under her night shirt and touched her wet pussy.

"So, even you want this huh little kitty?"

She rubbed one out real quick and then showered before heading off to her part time job at the antique book store. The owner was a fifty-something gray haired guy. He was married and had two grown kids. Tia had a uniform, which were a pleated navy blue skirt and a white cotton blouse. 

She didn't think anything of it until her first shift. The store had floor to ceiling book shelves on both side walls. It had an old fashioned rolling ladder on each side. It was common for him to send her up the ladder for a book when the store was empty. She'd try to find the book he wanted while he looked up her skirt.

Today he was getting a treat, because her panties were wet from the moment she walked in the door. It was only a few minutes before he sent her up the ladder. He never touched her, this was purely a visual thing for him, but this time it must have been hard. Today she was wearing a light blue thong. She'd never worn a thong to work before, well except for the first day, before she knew his fetish.

This would most likely be her last day working for him, and she decided things were going to change. The next free moment she had she went to the back and removed her panties. She put them in the bottom drawer of his office desk.

The next time she went up the ladder she heard him gasp. She took her time looking for the book he wanted. At one point she stood on one leg and reached out to the shelf with the other to reach further for a book. Her legs were spread wide giving him a perfect view of her wet splayed open pussy.

This went on until closing time where she flipped the lock on the front door and as she passed him she grabbed his tie and dragged him to the back of the store. She pushed him down in a chair and hopped up on the table in front of him. She lifted her skirt revealing her sopping wet snatch to his lecherous gaze.

"Come on Joe, show me what that mouth can do. Let me feel that bushy mustache on my smooth cunt. You know you want a taste, right?"

"But...but, I've never..."

"What, never made a pass? No, you just send me up that ladder thirty times a day so you can look at my tight fitting panties. You like to see the cleft of my pussy, don't you?"

"I...well...yes?"

"Now it's my turn to get something out of this dead end job!"

She grabbed his head and pulled it between her thighs and for a few seconds nothing happened. She rolled her hips, feeling his big walrus mustache brush her clit and then his tongue darted out and found her wet gash.

Once he got started it was obvious he'd eaten some pussy in his life. He didn't mess around playing games, he moved right in and started sucking on flesh. First her long labia and then her mound, he licked the sides of her swollen clit and then sucked it in his mouth. He rubbed the flat of his tongue on the sensitive tip of her clit and she exploded.

While she shuddered and shook he started rimming her asshole. She wasn't expecting this little treat and her orgasm jumped up a notch. She used her finger to keep the sensation alive and then she felt his finger circling her tiny rosebud.

"You want to finger my tight little butt Joe? Have you ever fucked a girl there?"

"No...no, never..."

"Push your finger in Joe, and then start sucking my clit again. If I cum, I'll let you fuck my asshole."

Joe shoved his finger up the hot hole and started working it around while his mouth clamped down on her clit. She almost opened her blouse so she could get at her nipples, but she figured they'd be done soon enough. Joe tried adding a second finger to her ass but she stopped him.

"We want it nice and tight when you shove your cock in it Joe."

She felt her next orgasm starting and she started moaning and urging him on. He nipped at her clit and she started bucking her hips on the table. She pushed his head away and he stood up. She told him to drop his pants and get to it. He was like a high school kid and had his pants down in a matter of seconds.

She was pleasantly surprised. His cock was about eight inches long and average in thickness. She pulled him forward magically by wagging her finger in front of him. She spit on her hand and rubbed it on his cock. He followed her lead and did the same.

"Ok Joe, just push until that beautiful fat head pops in and then fuck the hell out of me ok?"

He just nodded his head while he was aiming. She felt some pressure and then he pushed the head inside. She looked down while holding her legs up and back and he started sliding his cock home. He bottomed out and stopped.

"You like that Joe, being balls deep in my tight fucking asshole?"

"God, it's hot and tight and ugh."

"Don't cum yet lover, I need a good solid ass fucking while I play with my little clit, ok?"

"I'm good, it just feels so..."

She stuck her thumb in her pussy and started rubbing his cock and he started thrusting. She moved to her clit and he grabbed her hips for better control. She started moaning and he started taking full strokes.

"Oh ya, now that's how you fuck a tight asshole Joe, get it done, scratch that itch in my ass, oh baby get in THERE!"

She started cumming and Joe started fucking her as fast as he could until he pushed deep and pulled hard on her hips getting every last centimeter of cock up her ass. She felt the cum rush up his cock and explode in her asshole and she moaned out his name. He started pumping hard again and she rode her orgasm out to its end.

Her tight asshole pushed his softening cock out and cum dripped from her butt into his pants which were still around his ankles. She squeezed as much of it out as she could while he stood there staring at her wet pussy and fingers. She sighed deeply, and giggled before sitting upright and flipping her skirt down.

"That will be two hundred and fifty dollars Joe."

He pulled up his pants and reached in his wallet. She had been joking, but when he handed her four crisp one hundred dollar bills she took them and slipped them in her pocket.

"Now, you need to go home Joe, and tie your wife's hands to the bed. Eat her pussy like you did mine but put your finger in her ass. Let her protest all she wants, but when she cums finger fuck her asshole. Next thing you know she'll be begging you to ass fuck her on a regular basis, that's how I got started."

Tia got up and left the store without another word.

She crossed at the light and headed up the sidewalk smiling. This getting fucked for cash wasn't such a bad thing after all she thought. She stopped at the boutique and figured she'd buy a new dress for the night's big event. A young salesgirl approached her and while they were talking she felt cum slowly running down her inner thigh. She asked where the restroom was and quickly cleaned herself up.

She bought a beautiful royal blue cocktail dress with a low cut back. It revealed everything down to her hips, which would reveal she wasn't wearing anything under it either. She took it to the register and the salesgirl slipped a plastic cover over it.

"I could never wear something like this, but it's so beautiful."

"Why couldn't you wear it, lords knows you've got the figure for it?"

"Oh wow, well you can't wear anything under it."

"That's the point of a dress like that one. You're telling the guy he's going to get lucky, so just relax and treat me like a princess."

"But..."

"See, you need to get over that whole my body is a temple thing, and accept that your body is a play thing."

The girl couldn't reply because she was too busy blushing. Tia handed her three one hundred dollar bills and waited for the change. The girl smiled as she put the change in Tia's hand and Tia squeezed her hand for a second and smiled.

"I'm sorry, it's just that I was like you once, but a couple years ago I was forced to face my sexuality, and once I did, the whole world changed. I hope you have a wonderful day sweetie."

Tia took the dress and made her way home.

By six thirty she was amped up and pacing her living room. She was naked and her hair and makeup was done. Every five minutes she had to stop and wipe the wetness from between her thighs. At some point between buying the dress and taking a shower she'd realized that tonight she was going to watch a friend of hers take ten cocks. Just the thought of it was sending her body into overload.

She sat down at the dining room table and started twisting and tweaking her nipple while she rubbed her clit furiously until she climaxed. She caught her breath and looked at the clock.

"My god, let's get on with it already!"

Time continued to creep by in slow motion until finally the clock showed seven o'clock. She slipped her dress on and grabbed her purse and took one more look in the mirror. She looked good enough to eat.

She got to Ronnie's a little early so they sipped some wine while they waited. Ronnie was dressed in a white cocktail dress and was wearing lingerie under it. She explained a few more rules, like zippers rather than buttons on lingerie.

"Why no buttons?"

"They don't mind a few, but once in the beginning, I wore a corset that buttoned up the front with like fifteen buttons, it was a bust. I ripped it open."

"Ah, so they don't want to fumble around with buttons all night."

The door bell rang and Ronnie smiled. Outside there was a big black limo, and a handsome looking man holding the door open. He helped them inside and then joined them.

Good evening Ronnie, you look lovely tonight, and you must be Tia. It's a pleasure to have you joining us tonight."

"I appreciate the invitation, thank you."

"You were right Ronnie, she is truly beautiful."

The limo's windows were blacked out and Tia had no idea where they were going, but she didn't really care. She didn't want to know where they went. The gentleman introduced himself as Howard and started going over the rules, and had her sign a release form and a tentative contract for admission into the "Pac Ten" club.

"So, tonight you are just an observer, you may not touch, or participate in the festivities. Now, if for some reason one of the members does touch you and you allow it, he's required to pay you five thousand dollars. This is to discourage our members from getting involved with you before you've signed a contract with us."

"So if they all wanted me, and acted on it, that's fifty thousand dollars?"

"That is correct, but it hasn't ever happened. I just want you to know what your rights are. Now the second half of the night you're required to be naked, is that ok with you Tia?"

"Yes, I understand that, it's fine."

"Also, you haven't taken any illicit drugs or consumed in excess, any alcohol?"

"Just some wine with Ronnie."

"That's fine...now you understand what's expected from a Pac Ten girl, correct?"

"Well, I think I do?"

"Vaginal, anal and oral sex from multiple partners, toys are used, pleasure machines, and sometimes a second female partner?"

"Works for me Howard."

"Now, there is no BSDM to speak of, but you will be tied up, or strapped to various chairs and other furniture of a sexual nature. We don't use whips or gags or do any hard slapping, a little smack on the butt on occasion but nothing abusive."

She nodded her head and he continued.

"Now on occasion, a member might be a little overzealous and you might feel, not quite ready? We expect you to offer him some lenience, in that regard?"

"You mean he might plug my ass before I'm ready?"

"Something along those lines, yes. None of our members wish you any pain what so ever, but on that rare occasion, they do make mistakes."

The car stopped and Tia heard a motorized door opening. The car drove another fifteen feet or so and stopped again. The motorized door started closing and once it finished they were shown out of the car. Howard had her sign the bottom of the paper that contained everything he'd explained to her.

"Now, I'll be with you most of the evening, I'm not an actual member, although I do enjoy a few benefits on occasion. So, if you need anything, a drink, something to eat, or a toy or two, don't hesitate to ask."

Whatever Tia had been expecting, this wasn't it. This was a hundred times better. The huge building was decorated exquisitely. The space was divided up into areas, each with its own use. There was an area with a big fancy bed, and an area setup like a bar, with tables and mood lighting. In another area there were tables and chairs like a restaurant might have.

By far the most wonderful things were the men. All ten of them were in tuxedos, and Zorro masks. They were all in great physical shape and walked with an air of confidence that was rare. They weren't a group of rich horny men, well maybe they were, but they weren't anxious men.
