 I have mentioned before that I work is a predominantly male industry; I had taken a position with a new company as director of sales. This was a customer-focused business, and we were competing with six other companies that provided similar products and services, so we often sponsored parties for our current and prospective customers. It was approaching the end of the year and my new boss Carl did things a little different and more extravagant to try and win contracts. He had planned a large elaborate party that would be held at his country club leading up to the holidays. 

Carl and was only 40 years old, having risen very quickly to own the company due to his aggressive sales tactics, he sometimes encouraged employees and their spouses to take extraordinary measures to "entertain" our customers. My wife; Pam had always found an excuse not to participate in those events after she had too much to drink and inadvertently became the evening entertainment at our own holiday party a couple of years ago.

Carl called me into his office one week before the big party, and said "this will be an important party for us. We obviously need to keep our current customers happy, but we will also be entertaining some prospective customers from an American-owned company in South America. Closing their deal would mean a significant and profitable increase in our sales, and we are going all out to impress them at the party. 

You know that, in the past, we have asked some of our sales associates to entertain our customers, and I usually make those assignments based on what I determine to be the best compatibility factors. You and Pam have not helped much with entertainment at any of those functions. But we really need your help this time. This account could also do a lot for your career, and your commissions from those sales would be larger than those from all of your other customers combined. If you do this for me, they will be your account." 

I said, "I have just never felt comfortable putting my wife in the position of entertaining strange men, even if there would be no requirement to get too cozy with them. I am aware that some of our junior sales associates and their wives have made big sacrifices for the company to get certain accounts. Is that what you're talking about?" 

Then Carl said, "Hold on nobody said anything about doing anything you are uncomfortable with. We just know that the President of the firm, Philippe and his COO Jorge will be expecting to be entertained while they are here. They are both mature African-American men in their 40s and they both expect personalized treatment. They would expect the head of sales for their account to at least be their hosts at the party that might be enough to seal the deal with them". 

"What the hell Carl," I said, "That is sure starting to sound intimate me. Just what do you expect Pam and me to do with them?" 

Carl continued, "I would just like you and Pam to sit with them at dinner and maybe let Pam dance with them a few times. It will make them feel important knowing that we have our highest ranking salesman entertaining them and that we went out of our way to find the best companions for them".

Needless to say it was not an easy sell to my wife. She made my life miserable but finally caved the week before the party. She agreed to go but only for the sake of my job and the commission.

On the night of the party my wife finished her outfit; the dress was made of a light satin material, and was a little similar to the famous Marilyn Monroe dress as the skirt was full and heavily pleated, although it was a little longer and very classy. The top of the dress was like a crop top so she did not wear a bra but it was still very conservative.

Carl had asked us to show up a little early to make sure things were set up properly for the party. When we pulled up to the club house it almost looked closed. We entered the front door and Carl must have paid for the entire place for the evening. The large room was nicely decorated with one hors-d'oeuvre table on each end. At the center of the room was a small platform where a small band was setting up.

There were only two bar tenders; one at each bar and about four kitchen staff. He said that he had some girls showing up any minute to be the wait staff for the party and showed us the skimpy costumes they were to wear. My wife showed her disgust and walked off to gander at the food selections. 

Carl got a call just as a few of the guests were to start arriving and walked off talking loudly and body language that signaled he had a problem. I was checking out the room with my wife when I noticed a few of my old colleagues arrive; Ricky, Claudio and Kenny. A few minutes after that I saw Carl and the three guys walk down the hallway having a discussion.

Over the next 20 minutes several groups for the party arrived but it seemed a little odd, there were only men. It was then I saw Carl looking at me with a strange look. He slowly walked over to me and said there was a problem; only three girls would be able to make the party for serving and entertainment. He was frantic and gave me that look... "Would you ask Pam if she would help out?" 

I told Carl no way, he was on his own she would skin me alive if I asked. He looked me straight in the eyes and said "would it be okay if I asked?" 

I scoffed and said good luck knowing she would say no. Carl meandered across the room to where my wife was standing, hesitating and then asking her a question. I could see her get animated; shaking her head in disgust and loudly responding to his request. Then I saw Carl pleading and then he reached for his wallet. He took out a wad of bills and held them in front of my wife. She just stood there for several minutes looking at him, and then she snatched the money from his hand and crossed her arms. Carl then pointed down the hallway. I was confused.

My wife disappeared around the corner and by the time the four girls came walking back down the hallway there must have been about 30 guys in the place. One girl had a little stripper outfit, another looked like a slinky red riding hood, a nurse and my wife was at the rear in a tiny blue Swedish little girl outfit. As they came around the corner I could see the white top my wife had on was very sheer, the dark quarter size circle of her nipples were clearly visible because she had not worn a bra. 

As Pam walked past me I also noticed the tiny skirt did not even cover her bottom. When she bent over to get a tray I could see she had worn sheer red panties that exposed the crevice of her ass. Pam always did enjoy showing off and flirting but she had agreed to be a hostess, waitress and... 

I watched closely as she would walk around in her outfit serving drinks and snacks and drinks to the guys. About an hour later I saw Philippe bring a tray of shots and had my wife and a second girl join the group in some toasts. Over the next 30 minutes I noticed Kenny and Claudio taking turns getting my wife to drink with them. Finally Larry one of my customers seated at a table with 5 of my other customers (Paul, Tim, Rob, Dale and Mic) whose accounts I handled went up to my wife and asked if she would like to dance. 

Pam willingly accepted his offer and soon the both of them were dancing to a slow song in a corner of the dance floor that was in the darkest part of the floor. Larry was a little older with a bit of a beer belly and my wife made sure that her chest rubbed against his while they danced. He decided to take some liberties and cupped my wife's left tit in his right hand; I could see him tweak her hard nipple through the silk material of her top.

Pam made no attempt to stop him feeling her up and he got a little bolder. He slipped his hand inside her blouse, pulled back the material and let her left tit pop out. My wife continued to dance with her partner while her tit was exposed for everyone to see.

After the song was over he pulled away from my wife, and she casually fixed her top covering her exposed tit. She thanked her new "friend" for the dance and both of them went back to their seats. Larry couldn't wait to tell the other guys at the table about his experience and sure enough, when the next slow song came on, Dale asked Pam to dance with him.

Like his cohort Dale was already buzzed and was aggressive enough to pull my wife's tit out of her blouse for everyone's enjoyment. After the dance was over, Pam again put her tit away and sat down a little wobbly from the liquor. Over the next hour my wife was asked to dance to every song that played. Each and every guy who danced with her got to feel her up and expose her chest to the crowd.

All during this time, when Pam wasn't dancing and being felt up, she was drinking the endless stream of drinks that guys were sending over to her. By the second hour of dancing she had quite a buzz on. Being felt up by nearly every guy at the party was also making her quite excited. Every time a dance would end she got slower and slower about putting her exposed tits away. 

Time past, as did the drinks and the lights were dimmed. My wife stayed on the dance floor dancing and drinking more and more. I also saw Carl walking with the other three girls and escorting them to the exit. I was confused by Carl's intentions and tried to find my wife. I was also blitzed by this time so it took a while but when I located her she was in the middle of the small dance floor tightly surrounded by 6 or 7 guys.

There was not much room to see what was going on but I could see at least one hand inside her top. I saw her lean back against the chest of one of them and her top fell completely open. Her beautiful breasts were out for all to see. I was still behind the bar watching as my wife was groped by these men and I realized that my cock was hard as a rock. 

Ricky was behind her and had both hands on her tits, Kenny had his hands on her ass, but I could not tell about the others. Then I noticed several guys had their hands carrying on under her skirt while dancing with her. They were also making excuses for her to bend over tugging with her undies to peek at her bottom and she didn't seem bothered she actually seemed turned on by the attention. 

Eventually Philippe and Jorge had pulled her away and both started dancing with Pam at the same time. Both men were tall, nearly 6'-4" and she looked diminutive sandwiched between them. Both men took turns dancing close to her, between the two of them they succeeded at shielding her from view. I caught a glimpse and noticed her red panties appeared lower and bunched up down below the edge of her short blue skirt. 

I still couldn't see exactly what was going on but what I could see is that their hands were under her skirt. I saw her push their hands away a few times but she didn't seem to mind that they were moving them right back; they were obviously playing with her lady parts. By the looks on some of the guys crowding and watching I'm fairly sure they could see what was happening to my little wife and I was so drunk and turned on that I really didn't mind.

Before I knew it, they had her sandwiched between them and lifted her up with my wife's feet nearly a foot off the dance floor. She was sandwiched between the guys with Philippe facing her and Jorge was behind. Philippe's hand was working feverishly between the front of his pants and my wife's body and as he removed his hand he started pumping his hips into her. At first, I just thought they were kind of dirty dancing or whatever because his pants weren't down, but then I noticed them adjusting her for Philippe to try to try and penetrate her lower slit. Pam struggled putting up a little resistance, but it also kind of looked like she was playing.

I was a little concerned but I thought they would respect her protest, if she attempted one. The bold moves by the guys had caught me off guard, I was stunned but I was also so hard that my cock hurt. Philippe He must have found her female parts because my wife's head rolled back as her mouth opened wide and her eyes were as big as saucers.

My wife began to wriggle and squirm and I thought she might be trying to get down... until she put her arms around Philippe's neck. Pam's body started shaking as she started to thrash her arms and legs but she no longer appeared to be trying to get down and Jorge just held her tighter like he was trying to hold her for Philippe to use her. 

Jorge intermittently tried to get her panties off, but they only went to her knees and Pam was too busy grinding against Philippe to keep them up. Although I couldn't see that Philippe's dick was in her, I was beginning to think that he was fucking my little wife right in front of our friends.

Philippe's intensity increased as he grabbed a hand full of her hair and more guys were assembling to get a better view of the activities.

Jorge continued to hold her up and push her against Philippe and it appeared that Philippe was deeply engrossed; not concerned about the group surrounding them, only concentrating on what he was doing. This didn't go on for long before he had a noticeable change on his facial expression like he was in pain as his frantic pace pounding his pelvis against my wife's body quickened. When his body began to convulse as he slammed into my wife's pelvis I realized he was cuming. After a minute I saw him adjust the front of his pants, so he must have at least had his dick between her legs even if he wasn't able to fuck her.

I must have been in denial because I was still not sure if he had his cock in my wife's pussy, her legs weren't spread much with her panties on her thighs. But I could clearly see that her panties were down and her skirt was up a little. It wasn't until they turned and I could see Philippe's long black hose hanging between his legs; glistening with pussy juice and cum dripping from the head that I was fairly certain he had just fucked my wife. 

With Philippe finished, he loosened his hold on my wife. Pam started to try to get away but not with too much effort. Although she looked concerned on her face, she actually had a slight smile. 

Jorge seemed to hold her tight with one arm and started maneuvering behind her, playing with the front of his pants. Philippe moved toward Pam and lifted her by the waist to hold her still for Jorge. He was holding her pretty tight but the look on her face wasn't anger or real disapproval; it was more surprised look. I also think she liked it because she was trying to hide an wicked grin.

Jorge had moved his body tight behind my wife and he seemed even more determined than Philippe had been. He also appeared to have easier access to her lower orifices from behind her. With one hand on her breast and the other on her waist I could clearly see glimpses of her butt checks from under her lifted skirt. Pam had managed to get her panties up some, but it was easy to see that they were still down to her thighs. I could not actually tell if his fornicating tool was in her female opening, but I could see the front of his pants were unbuttoned and the elastic band of his underwear was definitely pulled down. Jorge was causing my wife to bounce up and down as he was pumping his hips into her from behind. It was when he pulled his hips back from my wife I caught a glimpse of the big black pipe he was working between her legs. Pam's eyes grew larger again and her mouth wide open as she laid her head on Philippe's shoulder and shuddered with her first orgasm of the night.

Jorge obviously wanted to get further in her and was trying to adjust her body. He was trying to bend her forward when Pam's foot made it to the floor. Her shoes had come off and her right foot curled up behind her as they held her. Jorge's club sized black cock was now visible moving in and out of the gash between my wife's legs. Several guys reached for her butt cheeks spreading her ass for everyone to get a better view of his big black cock nailing my wife's hairy little white cunt. 

The suction of my wife's inner lips would cling to his black pole and would expose over an inch of her pink insides each time he withdrew. Jorge pounded her cum-hole for nearly five minutes before he grabbed her waist and grunted as he deposited his load. The two guys continued to hold her up until...

Ricky took her hand and shouted, "Round two!" as another song started.

One of the guys yelled "when we see you eating dinner in your pretty little dress, we will all know what you look like with it off."

"We are all going to fuck this hot little bitch," another added to the numerous cat calls.

They bent Pam over a table and her short skirt was flipped up on her back and her panties were ripped off. She squealed when the first guy violated her from behind. Ricky wasn't in her long before he came and the next guy shoved his cock in her sperm receptacle. 

Paul had worked for our company but was now one of our competitors. We had spent nearly five years with desks right across from each other and chatting but I hardly knew the guy. Now he had his baby-maker pounding my wife's female genital inlet like a piece of meat. Pam reached her second orgasm as Paul was filling her piss hole with another load of belly seed.

When the song ended she quickly escaped and came over to me and asked for her drink. Pam quickly downed the drink then stripped out of the skirt and I could already see the loads of seminal discharge running down the inside of her legs. She was quite a sight standing in front of me holding her drink; wearing heels and her little dark triangle of curly hair contrasting vividly below her sheer white top.

Claudio pulled up a stool and sat down in front of Pam. He unzipped his fly and allowed his hairy sausage to spring out of his pants, half hard in front of my wife. She tentatively moved her face to his cock and began to wet it with her tongue and bring it into her mouth. 

As Pam started sucking Claudio's cock Carl moved behind her and whispered to me "the guys told me she was a slut but I didn't believe them" as he began to move the tip of his cock into her wet female slit. Pam used her hands to press herself against the stool to maintain her balance as he began an easy stroking and then looked like her was trying to knock the bottom out of it. Carl didn't waste much time as he quickly filled her cunt with his sticky seed and pulled out. 

Pam began to become more vigorous on the cock with her mouth as Kenny stepped where Carl had been. Kenny's cock was about 9" and thick. She moaned loudly as soon when his large cock entered her! Claudio's cock was being forced down Pam's throat from bouncing as Kenny pummeled her twat. 

Claudio began to lose it, he couldn't wait any longer as he yelled "oh god, eat my cum, swallow it bitch". He clinched the back of her head tightly shoving his cock deeper in her throat as his body jerked causing my wife to choke. He was relentless holding her tight as he pumped his sexual discharge in her throat. She tried to keep swallowing but the white reproductive fluid was running down her chin as Kenny began to furiously fill her cunt with more seminal spurt.

She stood up straight as Kenny pulled from her, she was starting to look a little worse from the wear with cock paste starting to dry in her hair. We all just kind of listened to the music for a second catching our breath, looked at each other as Pam said she had to go to the bathroom. Everybody seemed to move to the front room to refill their drinks except for Philippe and Ricky.

When Pam came out of the bathroom she had not even made it into the room before was accosted by Philippe. She spread her legs for him as he used his finger on her, apparently having lost any remaining sense of modesty by this time. 

Pam bent over to suck Philippe's cock and made him good and hard. I it wasn't until now that I realize how large it was, his cock was easily more the 10 inches long and as thick as her wrist.
