 Hi all, it's me again, Shazia. I am back in the UK and earlier this year gave birth to my second baby, a girl. She's a real beauty, she's got green eyes and really fair skin just like me. You will hopefully know who the father is from my previous posts so I won't have to go through all that again. 

Since I was back in the UK, I initially remained faithful trying to rebuild my marriage but eventually gave in to old temptations. 

Tino and Mike visited me a few times, even whilst I was pregnant (and even when heavily pregnant). Tino has no real interest in seeing his son, my first baby. Impregnating me was just some kind of a trophy to him I guess. Thankfully for me he is still keen on doing all kinds of new and nasty stuff with me - as is Mike as well. 

After my daughter was born I worked very hard to get my waist back to its tiny size and lost every inch of fat from my tiny frame, but my bust remained 36c and full of milk. This has helped to keep the guys interested in me and kept them happy to service me when they can. 

They have both taken a liking to my milk and have started drinking too much of my milk now - Mike in particular. He says it makes him more virile and gulps down more than my babies. 

My visits from Tino and Mike usually involved selecting a day when hubby is out of town for a few days, getting a babysitter for my babies and then going out in my burka or hijab to meet the guys at a hotel, returning home late that night - very discreetly. This has been the way for the past few months and became a bit of a routine. 

The sex was incredible for me but I could tell the boys wanted something different. They were getting rougher and wilder with me. I knew they wanted more...

Then one day Tino and Mike asked me for a favour.

I was sat on top of Tino's lap with him buried deep inside me. Mike was stuffing my throat. I had already cum several times. I was slowly riding and milking him, feeling light headed from the amazing sensations when I heard Tino ask,

"The guys from my American Football club are having a party in a couple of weeks. It's kind of a guys 'naughty' party. We would like you to join us and be the entertainment" 

"Do you mean go with you guys to the party like I am your girlfriend?" I asked.

"No. we mean we want you to do what you do with us, with the other guys. We kind of told the guys at the club about what we have been up to and they all want in on it." Tino confessed.

I was shocked. I always (naively) believed they would never tell anyone about what we did. Now it turns out most of Tino's club new. I was frightened, this could end up with my husband finding out.

"And there's more, you see now your baby is a few months old, the guys all thought it was the right time to impregnate you again. So this will actually be an impregnating party. We are hoping we can give you a white baby to go along with your black and brown one. 

We are all going to put a wager on who can actually knock you up"

Tino nonchalantly told me their devious plan whilst sending waves of the deepest pleasure through body. 

"It's too dangerous. I could never do that. I might even know some of them" The common sense in me finally spoke. 

"No most of the players are ex-pats from the US. The other members include some local guys but you won't know any of them" Tino tried to reassure me.

"What about diseases?" I asked.

"Don't worry, these guys are athletes and about as clean living as they come. If you are still uncomfortable about that then we can ask them to use condoms" Mike quickly jumped in.

"No, no. You know I don't like the feel of those things" I instantly responded.

The guys could tell I was warming to the idea.

"How many guys then?" I asked. 

"We got nearly 200 players and members, but only around 20-30 are invited to this." again Tino sounding like it was a minor trivial thing to fuck 30 guys.

I tried to think of what the impact of this could be. I wanted to try new things as I loved the exciting sex I was having with the guys, but was this too far? I started making excuses in my head, but the guys eased away my concerns by answering them all one by one - all except one - my biggest concern.

"What if my husband is home that night?". I asked "I can't risk him finding out."

"Well its next Saturday night, the 24th. If he's home it's off. If he's out, it's on. Agreed?". Tino reassured me.

"Well there's little chance of him being away on a weekend" I thought. 

My husband had made a point of trying to be home on the weekends since we got back together so we could have more family time. 

"OK, it's a deal" I agreed, thinking it will never happen. 

I was actually disappointed that it wouldn't happen. Tino and Mike had described in detail what would happen to me there while ploughing into me for real. Despite all the risks, I really wanted what they described. I was so hot from thinking about it I lost count of how many orgasms I had thinking about it while they fucked me.

A few days passed and the guys phoned me and pestered me to ask hubby about his travel plans. He pulled out his diary and started going through his dates of travel and rolling off where he will be.

"15th I am in London for a day, 20th I am in Manchester. 23rd in Spain and seeing another customer in Spain on the 26th - so I will just stay in Spain for those 4 days, it will be easier then coming back and going again"

My eyes popped wide open and I looked up at him in surprise. 

"You will be gone all 4 days?" I asked.

"Yes, but I will be back for the Tuesday, maybe even Monday evening if I finish early" he said almost apologetically. "Is that ok?".

"yyyess" I stammered with a drying mouth and pounding heart.

Seeing my unease he joked "Oh my sweet babe, I can see you will miss me, but I will be back as quick as I can. You will think that I never even went away." and gave me a loving kiss and tight hug.

As soon as I had the first minute with hubby's back turned I phoned Mike and told him my husband was away that weekend and I was ready for their party.

...

June 24 

The big night finally arrived. I had been going out of my mind. Sometimes with excitement, sometimes with disgust at what I was about to do. 

I read my evening payers. I read extra prayers that night to pray for forgiveness. I knew I wasn't about to pull out of this now. 

I planned my outfit for the night, it was a tight fitting salwar (loose looking trousers) and kameez (long shirt / blouse). My hijab (head scarf) and a niqab (face veil) to cover my head & face. Topped with a full abaya (long gown) over my body - tight fitting of course, a girls got to show her curves.

Mike picked me up in a taxi. He was unusually quiet. He told me that the guys had been partying for some time now and most were drunk. Just in case I was scared of anyone recognising me he gave me a small mask to wear. It was tiny, nothing more than a pair of paper glasses, but better than nothing.

He said he had told them no phones or cameras - something I had insisted on. 

We pulled up, Mike and I walked up to the club house. Mike opened the door and the noise from inside noticeably quietened with expectancy. I walked in ahead of Mike and into a warm, brightly lit clubhouse. A loud raucous cheer broke out. 

Yep, everyone was already drunk, and most were already starting to strip. I looked around and true as the guys said there were all guys, not a single female around except for me.

I saw Tino, he came and hugged me. Then lots of other men came and hugged me. Some kissing me their greetings on my cheeks through my hijab. All the men were wearing masks of various types. So I couldn't immediately recognise anyone other than Tino and Mike.

Tino looked at me and asked "you ok with this?". 

"Absolutely" I almost shouted back.

That was greeted by another raucous cheer. Tino leaned forward and stooped down to kiss me. He pushed the niqab aside slightly and our lips locked, our tongues entwined. He lifted me up so he was standing up and my feet were dangling around 2 feet off the ground.

We continued to kiss and I felt hands start to join us, working their way all over my body. 

I felt the cord for my salwar open and the salwar quickly removed. More raucous cheering followed. 

I felt someone go down on their knees and put their head between my legs. My panties were off in a flash and a tongue was sending sweet sensations through my pussy. 

Then there was another mouth joining the first and another, this one tonguing my anus.

All the time Tino was playing my mouth like sweet instrument. His big thick tongue completely filling my mouth whilst gently sucking on my own tongue.

The many tongues worked their magic on me. I was so worked up, within 5 minutes of having walked in I had my first orgasm rack through my body. 

Tino carried me over to what I assume was a billiards or pool table that had been covered up and laid me down on my back.

My niqab was lifted and a cock was thrust at me. I opened my mouth obediently and it was thrust in hard. I tried to offer my skill in tender oral stimulation to its owner but he wasn't having any of it. He was all about rough urgency and plunged in hard forcing my jaw open to accommodate.

Fingers and tongues found my pussy and anus. A mass of hands were pulling and pawing at my body. Everything seemed manic and out of control. Everyone was rushing and pawing at me. I felt panicked and out of breath. Suddenly my legs were lifted and I felt someone rubbing his penis head on my pussy. I looked forward it was a stocky, ok looking guy. 

"Are you ready babe?". He asked

I said the only suitable response I could think of, "Fuck me".

He smiled and pushed forward. We both grunted in unison as I was penetrated by my first cock of the night. 

A cheer went up as he started to ride me hard. I was loving the attention and the sensation of doing something so wild, being screwed by someone new. He put my legs on his shoulders and started to pound me really hard. Then just as I was building up, he shouted and came inside me. 

A round of applause went up for the performance. As he withdrew a number of men jostled into position to be next. 

I heard words of encouragement for the next guy "Fuck her good Rocco. Yeah, fuck her good Rocco. Fucking pound the slut".

I looked up and saw a big guy with a real body builders physique between my legs. Without even acknowledging me he went straight to the fucking. There was a bit of silence as he seemed to line himself up. Then he rammed forward in one thrust.

"Huuaaaahhhhhhhh" the involuntary sound drew from my lips as the first hard thrust pushed my whole body hard down into the table driving the air from my lungs. 

"Yes that's it Rocco, that's how to fuck a slut hard" more encouragement rang out.

Sensing Rocco was going to give me a good fucking, the other guys groping and pawing at me pulled back to watch. 

Rocco pulled out in slow deliberate strokes. Each time thrusting back in really hard driving a gasped sound or exclamation from my lips. 

"Hey she sounds really hot, let's have a proper look at her" someone shouted. 

Tino, Rocco and the guy in my mouth between them removed my hijab and niqab. Tino quickly put my small mask over my eyes (Some great disguise). Then my abaya, kameez and finally my bra was removed. They stood me up on the table. I was totally naked but for a tiny mask, for a whole room of guys to see. There was a strange silence as if I was waiting for some kind of approval. 

Then the comments started.

"Oh my god. She's fucking stunning. Absolutely gorgeous "

"She's fucking beautiful Tino. We thought you guys were knocking off some old fat married slag. This girl's a fucking stunner"

"Look at that cute baby face guys. And wow fucking green eyes, amazing eyes" 

"I love long hair, hers goes down past her bum" 

"we all gotta fuck her guys" the comments came.

I was overjoyed by the reaction, Rocco as well. He seemed renewed in his vigour. He got me back down and rammed into me really hard. My heavy boobs looked stretched and taught from being so full, but they bounced violently with each thrust. 

There was an eerie silence as the audience seemed to watch in awe at the intense fuck I was getting from this stud. 

He continued the slow tantalising withdrawal, followed by ramming it in really deep and hard, holding it in for a few seconds when he bottomed out in me. I was cooing with pleasure and creaming around his cock.

He reached forward and mauled my tits as he fucked me. He stopped and announced 

"Shit guys, she's full of milk".

There was muttering of approval from the audience. He leaned forward and took one of my breasts in his mouth, sucking really roughly.

I winced with pain as he ran his teeth across my nipple. 

"Hey save some for the rest of us" Mike said stepping forward from the on lookers. 

Mike locked in on my other boob and sucked hard immediately drawing a stream of rich milk. Again I winced. Rocco was getting close now. I focussed on the guy offering his cock to my mouth and really starting milking him hard. 

Rocco rammed home one last time and roared.

He squeezed me really tight with his whole body. I felt his cock grow inside me and spasm as he coated my insides.

The guy in my mouth took me by surprise though. He suddenly twitched and throbbed sending spurt after spurt down my throat, into my mouth and then finally all over my chin. 

The guys who came hung over me, too spent to move. 

I heard Mike say "we told you she was fucking amazing".

The two spent guys were dragged off me. There was some jostling as guys tried to get into position. 

"Let's see what her ass is like" I heard some yell. "OK" I heard Tino agree and just picked me up a flipped me on to my front. 

"We know who's going first in her ass then, don't we" Tino chuckled.

"Yeah, me" a voice from crowd responded, but sent a blood curdling chill through my body. 

No, it can't possibly be, could it? 

I glanced over my shoulder and my worst fears were confirmed. There without any doubt, was my husband. With a tiny mask I should add, but it was definitely him. I even saw his small scar as well so I knew it was him.

I gasped, shocked and distraught. My loving husband. My religious, praying 5 times a day husband. 

My 'I would never sleep around', 'wouldn't even fuck my asshole because he was so clean' husband.

My 'lying son-of-a-bitch, should be in effing Spain right now on business" bloody husband. 

How could he do this to me? Does he know it's me? He must surely? He was looking straight at my face. He knows every inch of me and my body by heart. The club was brightly lit so he could see me as clear as day. 

He must know it's me.

He walked right up close to me. I thought he would just pull out a gun and shoot me dead there and then ... but instead...

"This slut is getting her ass torn open tonight" he snorted. 

He grabbed my hair and slammed my face down really hard so my ass went up in the air.

He spat angrily at my ass hole and jabbed 2 fingers straight in all the way. I shrieked at the invasion and reared up. He grabbed my hair and slammed my face down again really hard. I whimpered. 

"Maa yadi rundi, jatti kahan jati he? Aaj apne baab ko be yaad karegi thu."

(Slut, where do you think you're going? I will fuck you so hard you will even make you remember your dad tonight)

That's when I realised this was no longer business or pleasure, this was purely personal. He must know it's me. 

Crack...crack... he smacked my ass really really hard. I reared up, again he pushed my face down and smacked me harder drawing yelps from me.

"Rundi, kutti yeh le" he snorted

("Slut, bitch take this")

His fingers drove into my depths with force, this time 3 fingers.

He had never treated me like this. All the years he "made love" to me ever so gently and tenderly as if I was a porcelain doll. Whilst I enjoyed our love making, what I really loved was to be fucked hard with animalistic lust. Was he finally going to give me the kind of fucking that I really wanted?

I heard exclamations from the crowd "Jesus, you gonna kill the bitch or break her in half"

He snarled angrily like a vicious animal and withdrew his fingers roughly. I felt him line up his dick ... And plunge home in one thrust straight into my asshole. I reared up and screamed a loud "yes darling, fuck me hard".

He brutally slapped my ass hard tanning it bright red.

"Kutti yaddi, thuje kutte ki chodai karunga".

(Bitch I am going to fuck you like the slut that you are).

He propped one leg up on the table to get maximum leverage and held my hair with one hand. Then started thrusting full length plunges, full force. 

My whole body was being contorted and bent with each thrust.

He slammed home really hard and my body pushed forward almost off the table. 

Each thrust released a gutteral grunt from deep within me. 

"Steady on mate, you'll fucking kill her." "You're breaking the poor girls back mate" the chorus of disapproval started from the crowd. 

"Don't you fucking dare stop him" I shouted at the crowd. "zor se chodo muje meri jaan" I lovingly called to my husband (fuck me hard my love)

My husband was giving me the kind of fuck I was desperate for all these years. I didn't want anything to stop us now.

Tears streaked down my face I was crying and sobbing with joy, as each thrust pummelled me into the table. With my head clamped down by his hand my whole body contorted badly with each thrust.

My grunts of pleasure filled the room. 

He stopped and grabbed me up, pulling me close to him.

"Feroz" he called out. That's his brother's name. Some movement in the crowd and there he was, my husband's brother. The nicest guy I have ever known. So decent, religious and sweet. and was so nice to me through all I had been through. My husband signalled to him to come over.

"Maayaddi ki puddi me lun de. Is ko hum dono chodenge".

(Put your cock in this slut's pussy. We are both going to fuck her)

His brother stepped forward and fed his cock into my pussy. I clung to him as he pushed slowly until he was fully embedded. 

My body was covered in sweat. My face and mouth a mess of cum and tears. And what does my brother in law do? He starts to kiss me deeply, sucking in my tongue and the mess of cum in my mouth. 

They started a rhythm of thrusting in together while holding me by the shoulders.

Each thrust was stretching me hard, filling me with pleasure. It wasn't long before my brother in law came into me. He held me tightly and kissed me so dearly and tenderly. I could tell he wanted this for a long time and it was like a dream fulfilled for him. 

He cried into my ear "I love you so much, with all my heart". 

I kissed him back and said "I know".

I was bought back to reality by the renewed thrusting of my husband in my back passage. He pushed us over so my b.i.l. was on his back on the table and I was lying on top of him. My husband started to thrust with his full weight. My b.i.l. held my shoulders tightly so I couldn't slide forward from the thrusts. He was ramming me so hard the table started to lift and move. 

I started to feel the familiar rising of my orgasm. It wracked through my body so hard. In all our years of marriage i had never cum so hard with him. 

As I was recovering, he thrust in deep, stiffened and released his cum deep in my anus, shouting curses at me and scratching my back and ass really hard. 

There ended the first ever time my husband has ever taken me anally - and what a way to do it.

I laid back exhausted thinking that someone told me that in Islamic law, if a man takes his wife anally without her consent, their marriage is dissolved. i.e. she is free to leave him. I was wandering what the ruling was if the husband takes his wife's ass when she is willing and when so many other men have been there first lol. 
