 She danced slowly in rhythm with the beat. Two very masculine bodies pressed on her from both the front and the back. Jake and Richard both stooped their heads to her neck. They issued light kisses to her neck and nuzzled her ear tenderly. She moaned lightly and cupped their cheeks lightly with her hands as they kissed ever so gently. As they moved together, she relished in the feeling of their hardening cocks pressing against her belly and ass. 'Yes.' Joy thought, 'I've been waiting for this night.' She looked across the play room at her loving husband, Ric. They locked eyes and blew kisses. He was also getting his own special dance.

Ric and Joy were experienced swingers, and tonight they found themselves with their favorite couples. They had initially met Richard and Candy on an internet site. They quickly hit it off with them and had a couple of fun nights. It was also Richard and Candy that had introduced them to Jake and Maria. Jake and Maria were also quite fun to swing with. One night, when all three couples had met up for dinner, Ric and Joy were told that they were officially invited to be members of the Poker Club. 

"Poker Club, what's that?" Ric asked. Richard leaned back in his relaxed way and replied with confidence,

"Well, it's just a vanilla name for our sex club."

"Ahhh; gotcha'.' Ric responded. "Who else is in this club and what's the point?"

"It's just us, amigo." Jake said as he motioned to the group of 6 at the table. "You see, we've all been married a really long time and decided that playing bareback was far more fun than with condoms and things. Like you, Richard and I have a vasectomy as well, so fertility is not a problem. However, what means is that we will need to be exclusive with each other, and that play has to be limited to us 3 couples, for safety purposes. Then we can all get our STD screenings and we're good to go. We all like you two and think that you guys would honor your word if you decided to go this route. Not to mention the fact that your web-site handle is PairOfAces. It seemed like the perfect fit."

Jake didn't talk much, so it was perfect that he made the pitch. They all chuckled at Jake's quip as Joy gave Ric's hand a long squeeze. This was how she let him know that she liked the idea. He did too and already knew that neither he, nor Joy, really felt like they needed to play around with a lot of other people. It was all about the fun of it. These two couples were a lot of fun and it was also hard to disagree with the bareback logic. They didn't need to notch their bedposts. He squeezed her hand back and hesitated in case there was a second thought. It didn't take Ric much longer to nod. 

"We're in! What's the ante?" They all chuckled at the joke and nodded in approval.

Months later, here they were, dancing slowly in the play room at Richard and Candy's house. It was their turn to decide what the night's fun would entail. Ric and Joy both had fantasies about threesomes where they were the center of attention, and their favorite two couples thought that it was a great idea. Joy was right, it was their night.

Richard and Jake got harder and harder as the ground their cocks firmly against Joy. She felt that delicious tingle between her legs and could feel the heat building inside her. She hadn't had a proper fuck all week, and was very much ready for it. This was a night she'd dreamt of for a long time. As their hands roamed on her body, she reached down and slowly undid their trousers and reached into their crotches. Both cocks were ready and she gave them a few squeezes. 

"Undress me, boys. Make sure you're naked too." They were good boys and did as they were told. Jake, a tall bronze skinned Columbian man who looked like Benjamin Pratt, slowly raised her dress up over her head Richard kissed her now bare chest with his clean shaven face as he reached into her sexy panties to touch her wet pussy. They freed her from her bra and panties as their lips continued to work their soft touch on her bare skin. It only took another few breaths before they had removed their own shirts and stepped out of their pants.

Joy knelt between them with a cock in each hand. She went to Jake first. He had a nice looking, uncut dick she estimated to be a little over 7". She liked pulling back his foreskin and teasing the head of his dick with her tongue. He had an interesting shape, thinner at the head, and nice and thick at the base. She ran her lips and tongue up and down his length several times, making him nice and wet. She squeezed and stroked his shaft as she turned to Richard's dick. His was a huge circumcised dick. She wasn't remotely able to encircle that cock with her fingers. 10" of thick, heavy, rock hard man-meat. That big cock looked even bigger on his thin, but muscular 5'6" frame. She did her best to force the head into her mouth, licking all around the head. She licked up and down that long shaft to his big balls. She licked between his nuts as his dick rested on her face. Her tongue made little circles under his sack, just the way he liked it. She stroked him against her face at the same time. Oh yes, here were two of her favorite three cocks.

Jake reached down and lifted her by the waist, raising her ass into the air. It was obvious that he was ready for some of that hot pussy. He touched his cock to her pussy and she moaned lightly into Richard's sack. She backed up to him as he slid his entire length into her sopping pussy. 

"Yes!" She said, as she stuffed Richard's cock into her mouth. He had never been able to find a woman that could deep throat him, but he did like some teeth. This was good because she barely was able to blow him without grazing teeth. Jake began to stroke a little bit harder. He reached around and touched her clit gently making her pussy clench up around him. He loved that, and she loved those talented fingers. She had both hands around Richards cock as she did her best to fuck that heavy cock with her mouth. He groaned in appreciation and steadied her by holding onto her plump tits. Jake grabbed her hips and started work her pussy a little harder. She rested her mouth and milked some pre-cum from Richard's dick. She used the lubrication to stroke him vigorously with both hands. 

"Oh yeah," Richard said. "I like that."

Jake rocked into her from behind for several minutes, picking up speed and intensity. She leaned her face on Richards hard stomach as waves of orgasm rolled over her. Jake slowed down as she shuddered, allowing her to enjoy the pleasure. She stood up slowly, sighing. Richard motioned to the bed, 

"Here, lay down." Jake let his dick slip out and they both watched as she slowly moved to the bed, hips swishing. She climbed onto the bed on hands and knees, waving her beautiful pussy and ass at them, invitingly. Richard was close behind her. She rolled onto her back and grabbed him by the waist with her legs. 

"Plant that big cock in my pussy, Richard. Please..." Joy pleaded. 

He loved with when she asked like that. It made his cock so hard. Jake, knowing that it took extra care with Richard involved, handed him a bottle of lube. She rubbed some all over her pussy and then proceeding to help him lube up that thick rod. Jake was lubed as well, and she reached for his dick while Richard eased into her. She moaned again, but her pussy didn't put up a fight. She loved that stretching sensation and relaxed while giving into it. Richard would never admit how much he liked her pussy, at least not to his wife. His wife was never able to quite handle all of it, and while she could spend ample time fucking him there is just something about full penetration. This pussy, on the other hand, took relatively little time to warm up to his girth. As long as he took it slow, it only took a few tense moments to drive his entire length deep into her. Inch by inch he pressed and relaxed, letting her adjust as he went. She wiggled her hips with confidence and helped him navigate sensitively around her cervix and into the deepest part of her pussy. She loved to feel the head of his dick press gently but firmly against the back of her pussy. This was the only dick that had ever found the end of that hot tunnel. 

She started to stroke Jake's cock a little faster as Richard lay against her, pressing all the way in. Both of them started thrusting harder and all three were groaning as Richard licked her nipples. On and on, a little harder with each stroke. Filling her tight pussy with as much dick as she could stand. She arched her back into Richard and grabbed Jake's cock hard as she came again. Shuddering and bucking and yelling out, 

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!"

After a cool down lap, she smiled up at her friends. 

"Jake, can you towel off that cock for me? And you need a little more of this." She said as she handed the lube to Richard. While they did as they were told, she wiggled her way to the edge of the bed. Richard moved between her legs again, as she motioned for Jake to come stand near her head. She bent her head back over the edge of the bed. Jake let out of moan at the sight. He was hoping this was what she was up to. She grabbed his dick and brought it to her lips. At the same time she looped her legs around Richards waist, pulling him to her. 

"Oh yes," He thought. "I hoped she wasn't sore." Little did he know that she was just getting warmed up. 

"Be a good boy and don't come too quick, Richard." He was immediately rock hard again. She took Jake's semi-hard dick into her mouth and rolled her tongue around it. He as very turned on, knowing how much she liked his cum, and blood rushed back into his dick.

She pulled his dick with her hand, encouraging him to stroke softly in and out of her mouth. She reached down and milked some pre-cum out of his and savored the taste. Something about his lifestyle, or genetics, gave him a very sweet, almost fruity flavor. She loved to swallow for her husband too on occasion, but something about the way Jake tasted made her mouth water. Richard dropped his hard, well lubed cock on her clit making her jump. Arcs of electricity went through her. 

"Oh yes," she said as she took Jake's dick out of her mouth, "put that big cock in me." He did just that. Both men were extra sensitive and quite warmed up since they hadn't cum yet. With only a few short strokes this time, Richard buried his dick in her all the way to the hilt. She clenched up and whimpered as a small orgasm shook her, then sighed and put Jake back into her mouth.

Jake wet his fingers and massaged her nipples as he stroked slowly in and out of her mouth. He was hoping that she would be swallowing his dick soon, like she had done in the past. He was patient and enjoyed her flicking tongue as he pumped lightly in rhythm with Richard. She relished in the sensations provided by a sweet cock in her mouth, and a nice hard cock stretching her pussy. Richard slowly stroked his entire length in and out of her. Slowly they pumped into her sopping wet holes. The wet sounds of sex filled the room. A slight noise from her mouth as she worked Jake with her tongue. Richards big cock making sloppy noises in her pussy. Richard wetted his thumb and played with her clit. She used her legs to force him deeper and deeper at the end of his long strokes. She grabbed Jake's balls, inviting him into her open throat. The alignment was perfect and he began sliding deeper and deeper into her throat. It was almost too much for her, but she had sucked him dry on several previous occasions and was confident in his ability to fuck her throat thoroughly without hurting her. 

She motioned 'C'mon' with her hand to Richard. It was easily interpreted as 'more,' so that's what he did. That pussy was good, and he loves the rare opportunity to fuck deep and hard. Her legs started to quiver as she raised them wide. Jake reached out to hold her ankles tight while Richard started to plow into her pussy harder and harder. She takes everything he has to offer as her throat is rammed onto Jake's rock hard cock, over and over. For what seems like eternity they fuck her hot holes. She is shaking and moaning increasingly and Jake responds as he feels the vibrations from her voice-box on his cock. She can feel his cock swell and his balls tighten. She grabs his ass, and knowing what this means, he feels the lightning travel down his back. Richard smashes into her hungry pussy, over and over. She is nearly screaming on Jake's dick and begins to shudder more and more violently. The swallowing motion of her throat sends Jake over the edge just as Richard's cock swells and begins to pulse. As if choreographed, all three of them shudder, shake, and moan loudly. She grabs Jake's ass tightly and swallows all 7" of Jake's cock. He shoots his load down her receptive throat. Richard pumps his cum into the farthest reaches of her pussy as her juicy cunt ripples in spasms. Her cum barely manage to find room to gush from around that massive cock, squirting onto his abdomen. She continues to shake slightly as she savors every last delicious drop from Jake's softening dick. Richard slumps slightly as his shaft continues to throb in tune with her pussy. They collapse, panting and sweating. They all snuggle together with her in the middle.

***

Ric smiled as he looked at the love of his life from across the room. He locked eyes with his wife, Joy, and blew kisses. She seemed to be having plenty of fun dancing there between two studs she had become familiar with. Ric was also getting his own special dance. Swaying in time with a woman on each arm, and each woman was straddling a leg. Maria was much shorter and lightly humped his thigh. Candy was taller and was pressing her hot mound onto his hip. Maria, like her husband, was a naturalized citizen from Columbia. They shared a rich, sexy accent, and she reminded Ric very much of Shakira. She was a tiny little 4'10" vixen, with a tiny ass, perfect little a-cup tits and an overall appearance that made her seem much younger than her real age. The oddest thing about this little firecracker was her mouth. When she smiled it literally stretched from ear to ear. It was a gorgeous mouth that was always poised in a toothy grin. 

Candy was a tall, full-figured woman with plenty of curves who stood 5 inches taller than her husband, and a couple inches taller than Ric. She looked comical next to her shorter husband, and despite the fact that she outweighed him by 10 pounds, her body was well proportioned. She was a fiery redhead and had a thick ass, wide hips, huge tits, and a round, soft tummy to match. She also had big voluptuous lips that looked perfectly suited to suck dick. Candy wasn't her real name, but it was appropriate. She was definitely a big beautiful woman.

They all kissed each other, one after another, deeply. Their clothes began to disappear, either taken off by a partner, or helped by their own actions. Ric reached over and added a little lube to these two gorgeous pussies, one in each hand. He rubbed the excess on this thigh and hip. The ladies resumed their slow humping. Now lubed, their clits gyrated against his bare skin. His left and right hand cupped each of their ass cheeks, pulling them against his slicked skin. Their hands caressed his skin, holding his back and ass and fondling his balls and dick. Candy kissed Maria deeply and asked, 

"It's such a perfect dick, isn't it?" Candy asked Maria after kissing her deeply. Maria breathed back, 

"Si, mami. Is one of my favorites." Ric's dick was a modest 6", but only accounted for a small fraction of his skills. They dropped to their knees and kissed deeply again. They very much enjoyed each other's company, and particularly liked sharing a hard dick. Taking turns stroking and sucking, they spent an ample amount of time sucking Ric's dick. Although Candy's hot lips felt amazing wrapped around his cock, Maria was a fiend for cum. Candy would suck and stroke, then milk his cock for pre-cum, which Maria contentedly lapped up. On they went, taking turns sucking him and running their hot tongues all over his sack. Candy loved to put her big tits to use and loved a cock between them. He leaned back in ecstasy as she stroked her tits up and down, burying his length in her cleavage. They both loved to suck cock, and took their time with him. Their husbands were a bit larger, and harder to suck. They very much appreciated tickling their throats with Ric's cock.

On and on they sucked making his cock twitch several times in orgasm. He moaned a squirmed. Maria complained, 

"Papi, why you no give me your sperm. I want it." Ric chuckled at her use of language and quivered at the same time. He was multi-orgasmic, meaning that he was able to have orgasms without ejaculating. 

"I know, mami. I promise I'll fill that hot mouth up. I have other things I want to do first." Ric breathed his reply as he grabbed and handful of her jet-black hair, gently but firmly, forcing her face against his abdomen and his cock down her throat. He repeats this treatment forcefully, but with restraint. Candy sighed, 

"That looks so good."

"Oh, yes." Ric sighed into Candy's mouth as he kissed her deeply and slowly and firmly screwed Maria's big mouth. 

"Me too." Candy says as she kneels beside Maria. She places his hand at the back of her head, where he takes a big handful of her thick red locks. He strokes his cock into her mouth lightly at first, then deeper with each stroke until he has her face pinned against him. Maria kisses Candy's cheek while her face is impaled on that hard cock. He pulled Candy away, and takes a turn with Maria's throat. Back and forth he goes, a little rougher each round. The ladies rub their clits. They like how he can get a little rough with them without hurting them. 

"That's my good girls." He tells them, "Rub those clits while I fuck your mouths." He repeats his treatment until they start the shake. Moaning on his dick, they both start to cum together. Sliding their mouths on either side of his dick he shivers as well. They quickly recover. 

"Ok, girls." He says, "I want you two to 69 for me. Those hot clits need some more attention." 

Promptly complying, Candy lays down on her back and Maria mounts her. Maria is much shorter, so they almost have to take turns licking each other's cunt. Fingers are quickly involved as well, diving into each other's wet pussies. Candy's pussy is closest, and he kneels down and positions his dick at her entrance. Maria refuses to remove her fingers so he's forced to push his hard dick into her anyway. With a little additional stretch, moaning and squirming, Candy arches toward him. Maria watches closely and sits back, putting her pussy on Candy's mouth. They are very into each other and both love to give head, to both men and women. Maria humps her face as Ric humps her pussy, drilling Candy's G-spot. Candy whimpers as her G-spot catches on fire. She shakes and her tight hole clamps down on his dick. He concentrates so she doesn't pull cum out of him. Maria grinds her clit on Candy's fat lips and starts to quake as well. Ric pulls out of Candy and buries his dick in Maria's waiting mouth. She moans on his dick as an orgasm takes over her body. He grabs Maria's hair and firmly strokes into her throat, slightly bruising her lips. He moves slowly again, withdrawing and putting his cock back into Candy's waiting hole. MMmmmm. They all moan together softly. Ric grab's Maria's head again tenderly. 

"Eat her pussy, mami. She deserves it."

As Maria starts to lap at Candy ever so softly, he moves around behind Maria and bends to kiss Candy's wet mouth. She tastes like Maria. He leans back and rubs his dick on her luscious lips, for just a moment. He then rises up and presses into Maria's tiny pussy. 

"ungh." Maria groans and raises her lips to say, "Si, papi. Please fuck me." He reaches down and presses her face back into Candy's hot pussy lips. He slowly strokes in and out of her. The feeling is exquisite. Every woman is different, and all so enjoyable. Maria feasts on Candy like she's starving, while he pumps away, his sack dragging back and forth across Candy's face. Candy starts to get even more excited by the sensations and extends her tongue. Hot and wet across his sack. His pace quickens. Candy lifts her head and expertly caresses his taint with her tongue, driving him wild. He grabs Maria's narrow hips and drives into her hard. Maria eats that pussy wildly and everyone starts to vibrate again. Moaning, whimpering, and sweating, they all enjoy another orgasm together. Ric barely manages to hold back his cum and is relieved. You certainly don't want to deprive a Latino woman who has begged for your cum. They sink to the floor. Ric quickly moves around and nestles his head Candy's huge breasts. Maria quickly crawls on top of Ric and whispers in his ear, loud enough for Candy to hear, 
