 Pam was a booty call, whenever I was home from college and could not hook up with one of my main girlfriends I'd give Pam a call. It's not that she wasn't attractive, she was, people still say she looks quite a bit like Kendra, of the "Girls Next Door," Hugh Hefner's girlfriend for a while.

Pam was just out of high school and already had a reputation as easy when we met, I had just turned 19 and in my freshman year in community college. We never dated, just flirted when I would go to buy beer in the grocery store where she worked. Yes I had a fake ID, I was not a good kid. One night that summer, after lots of trips to her store, I was making a purchase just as her shift was ending, She was a bagger that night and had to carry my four cases of Coors to my pickup truck.

As she was unloading she said, "I get off in a minute could you give me a ride home?"

I replied, "I would gladly ride you."

"After that would you take me home?" She said with a smile.

That was the first time I really noticed her great smile, she was very attractive, a little young for my taste, and a little too skinny, I typically dated girls with curves. I am an ass man still today, I don't like the jumbo ghetto booty like the Kardashian girls, but an athletic, high and hard ass is the pinnacle of feminine perfection. She had little A or B cup titties and had a gap, her thighs didn't touch, you could easily rub her crotch while he was standing, again a little too skinny for my tastes but skinny pussy is way better than no pussy so with an offer like that, how could I refuse.

I iced down the beer while waiting for her to punch out. When she came out she opened up the ice chest grabbed a beer and climbed in the passenger side. After asking her where she lived, we headed toward her house. I wasn't a block away from her work when she slid over and started stroking my cock through my jeans.

"I got tired of waiting for you to ask me on a date so I decided to take matters into my own hands," she said as she unbuttoned my jeans and took my rapidly hardening cock into her hands.

"I didn't realize this was a date," I replied.

"Call it whatever you want, as long as you fuck me before we get home."

I found the first dark parking spot I could, she was giving me a great hand job, but who wants a hand job when pussy is being offered. I opened the door and stepped out thinking we would crawl in the truck bed under the tonneau cover, where I just happened to always keep a sleeping bag-, along with my ice chests. She slid out as soon as I did, and immediately started removing her clothes.

When she leaned back in to place her clothes on the passenger seat her pussy opened up and it was already visibly wet, I couldn't resist, I pushed her chest to the seat with a hand between her shoulder blades, she let out a moan and slid her feet apart to give me better access. I placed my dick at the entrance to her pussy and buried it to the hilt in a single thrust. Her legs started shaking and she cried out in orgasm at the first stroke. I held there for a minute as she convulsed, pinning her to the seat with my pelvis.

When she stopped tremoring I started pounding her as hard as I could, which caused her to again orgasm loudly, I was afraid someone would call the cops she was screaming so loud. I won't lie and say we did it for hours, in reality it couldn't have been more than a couple of minutes before I again pinned her to the seat as I ejaculated jet after jet of cum into her pussy. Being so young I didn't lose my hard on, when I stepped back a web of cum extended from the head of my dick to her dripping pussy. 

She turned around saw that I was still hard and asked, "Oh, goody, are you going fuck me some more?"

All I said was "yes," as I leaned in to suck on her nipple.

She lay back on the truck seat with her ass hanging over the edge. It was the first good look I got at her naked body, her tits looked like half tennis balls sitting on her chest where every rib could be counted, at the top of the tennis balls were little pinkish brown areolae about the size of a quarter, standing as hard little nubbins about the size of a thimble, and extending about as high were two of the hardest nipples I had ever seen. Her hip bones extended up from her abdomen like handles, I have on many occasions since, used them as such. Her mons was about as prominent as her tits covered in a soft mousy brown fur. Her belly button appeared as if it had been drawn on, no indentation or protrusion, just a little circle on her flat tummy.

She spread her legs as far as the steering wheel would allow and wrapped them around my back as I stepped in, locking her ankles together she pulled me into her, my penis had no trouble sliding right back into her cum filled pussy. I took a nipple into my mouth, sucked it hard, trying to leave a hickey as a lingering memento to our first copulation. I nibbled lightly then bit holding it between my teeth as I raised my head causing her tit to stretch upward as the tip pulled from the clench of my jaw.

A few times on each teat and she was thrusting her pelvis up into mine yelling "Fuck me, Oh my god fuck me."

I pulled her legs up placing the backs of her knees on my shoulders and pushed her toward the passenger door as I climbed into the seat. She was doubled over with her toes pushing at the window behind her as I pounded her, the slap of our bellies together as I forced myself downward made a clapping sound and she again started shaking, her toes curled up beside my ears, as her legs went rigid and started to quake. The clamping of the muscles inside her pussy was like playing the scales on a piano, but instead of a keyboard it was my organ being massaged. 

Again in a matter of minutes I came again while she was still in her convulsions. I lay there on top of her, still buried as deep as I could go in her pussy , she opened her eyes smiled ear to ear and said, "That was the best fuck I ever had, you better take me home."

I stepped out and got dressed as she got dressed inside the cab, after taking a leak behind the truck I got back in and drove her home. She had me stop about a block from her house so she could walk the rest of the way. She didn't want her dad to see her getting out of some boys truck.

I happened to catch her at the end of her shift a couple more times that summer, both times we fucked like rabbits before dropping her off a block from her house. Her dad didn't let her date so I never bothered to ask her out, besides I was dating a friends mom, who was drop dead gorgeous had the curves I liked so well, and who had the double enticement of liking anal sex, and sharing me with her friends in three way action. It was a great summer, but all good things must come to an end.

In August I went off to boot camp to Fort Benning, Georgia, saying goodbye to my lady friends, and freedom in one fail swoop. I can't say whether I liked the Army or not, some idiot at the range put an end to my military career almost before it stated. The bullet just missed my heart but caused enough damage that I was given a medical discharge and partial disability. I started college a semester late because of it and joined a fraternity. If you think high school girls were easy, when you tell college girls you were shot while serving in the military, and show them the scar, you get pussy galore.

Pam had been long forgotten until the summer after my sophomore year at State. I was home drinking beer with my best friends from childhood when Mark out of the blue says, "Dude, didn't you used to bang the hot little blond bag girl at Safeway?"

""Probably," I replied, "of which hot blond are you referring?"

"I think her name is Pam, you know the one, skinny, gap, went to Ashland."

"Yeah, I fucked her a few times, why?"

"Well you know my cousin Mike, goes to Ashland, and he was telling me about after the last football game , they have this senior night celebration, and this chick decides to up the ante on celebration by fucking the senior guys, I mean there's like eight of them."

He continued, "She strips off naked there in the school parking lot and lets them fuck her one after another. Well some other guys decide to get in line and she lets them, she fucked like thirty guys that night. Mike said he had tried to tap her a couple of times since, but she told him she likes older men. Guess who was pulling the train? Yep, Pam your checkout girl."

"I guess I'll have to check her out again," I replied.

And I did that very night I went in to buy beer and guess who was at the counter?

Saturday nights she would work late, and if I didn't hook up with someone else I'd be waiting for her to get off work, she would smile and start undressing before we even left the parking lot. I bet I fucked her a dozen times before we ever even kissed. By the end of the summer, I quit trying to find it anywhere else and we were dating steady. I say we were dating, her dad still wouldn't let her go out on "official" dates, so we would sneak around and meet up to go out. 

When school started back up I took an extra heavy load trying to get out early, and had no time for dating during the week, but would make up for it on the weekends sometimes never bothering to get dressed, we fucked each other to exhaustion. By Christmas she was pregnant, I just assumed she was on the pill, she wasn't. How it took her that long to get knocked up is beyond me, but I did the right thing and we married.

I stopped out and got a job with Dow, making really good money, we bought a house, and had our first child, a daughter in July, our second child, a son came along less than a year later. Because of my success she was able to be a stay at home mom, which was good because she never finished high school and was a straight D student before that. I won't say she was dumb, but she thought Alaska was an Island below Hawaii, because that is where she had always seen it on the maps. She even once wrote a check to deposit money into the same checking account.

What she lacked in intelligence she made up for in sex drive, She would wake me up riding my morning wood, and would greet me at the door naked, or in some sexy lingerie when I got home from work. Five years after our wedding we were still having sex two or three times a day. She would role play, try any position you could dream of, and was always ready for sex without a minute of foreplay. She did however claim to not like giving head or anal, using them as reward for good deeds or instead of presents for special occasions, or when she was drunk. Get her drunk and she was up for anything. The problem was she hardly ever drank.

She had some hot friends who flirted ruthlessly with me, and made it quite clear if I ever wanted any on the side, just give them a call. One friend in particular drove me crazy with lust. Terri wasn't a beauty by any means, and her body was only okay, but she had a sex appeal that was undeniable, and she loved to tell us about her exploits, the threesomes she had with her second husband, with both other guys and gals, to the orgies that they went to and how she loved getting fucked in the ass. Whenever she would leave our house Pam always got an extra-long and hard session of sex. 

When Terri started talking about her gangbang I almost cam in my pants, My dick was so hard it had extended to the point that the head was causing a tent down my pant leg, and Terri was compelled to mention it, and actually grabbed it with both hands , right in front of my wife and our other guests, I jumped up, and immediately went outside for some fresh air.

Later that night as Pam and I were getting undressed for bed, she mentioned that "Terri had really gotten to me today." I didn't even try and deny it.

"What did she say that got you so horny," asked my wife.

I decided to be completely honest, "It was the gangbang story."

"Would you want to gangbang her?" Pam querried.

"Well, yes, but I'd rather gangbang you." Was my response.

"Pam smiling said, "You gangbang me all the time, lover."

"I mean a real gangbang," I said.

"You would, let, other guys fuck me?"

"Only if I was in the group."

"How could you do that, don't you love me?"

"Of course I love you, I married you didn't I, I don't know why, but the thought of you getting royally fucked by a bunch of guys really turns me on."

"A BUNCH of guys, just how many dudes do you think I should fuck to turn you on?" She was obviously enraged and getting madder, which kind of pissed me off.

"Oh, I don't know maybe a football team?" I replied contemptuously.

"What the fuck do you mean by that?"

"Hey, you've done it before, why not do it again?"

"Who said I did it before? They fucking lied out their ass!" She then slammed the bedroom door in my face and locked me out for the night. It was the beginning of the end for us. After that night our fighting got worse and more frequent and our sex got worse and less frequent. I took on every extra shift offered, and every out of town assignment, burying my troubles in work and she started having affairs. I would later find out that she had been having affairs since we first started dating, but she no longer tried to hide them. I denied the obvious at first and blamed myself. I didn't want to lose my family so I endured. She responded with violence and verbal assaults.

One night it all came to a head when we were back in town due to my father's death, rather than be at my side she was conspicuously absent, off fucking, what turned out to be her old high school beau. We separated shortly after that, and she filed for divorce within weeks. I ended up having to pay for her lawyer and mine, she got everything we owned, I got the bills. I was willing to give it all up to keep the kids. She took my retirement and our savings, in exchange for me getting custody, and paying her child support. She wanted alimony, but child support was tax deductible, while alimony was not, so I fought it and won, child support alone.

Before the divorce was finalized she had already moved in with her old boyfriend, when I dropped the kids off for her weekend, I would give her a check, one time she took it and while grinning ear-to-ear, said, "I told you I would get everything."

I smiled back and said, "well you did, but you don't get it forever." Meaning she wouldn't ever get anything else, but the child support and it would end the day each kid turned 18.

By the time the kids were teenagers their mother had long since disappeared from their lives, but still cashed my checks every month. A price I was more than willing to pay to keep her away. The end of the month of my son's 18th birthday and marking his departure for West Point as a cadet, I was happy to sign the last check, and marked on the bottom, "paid in full." Just like that she was gone, for what I hoped was forever.

Three months later I opened the door and received a summons, she was suing me for non-support. Our daughter was a senior in college, and our son was in the military academy, both well beyond the age that I was court-required to support, yet I was still paying our daughters tuition, and room and board, and our son's car payment, plus helping them financially however they needed, something their mother had never done.

I couldn't get my worthless lawyer to return my calls so I showed up in court to represent myself. I had copies of every cancelled check written to her (always on time and in the full amount) copies of my bank statements, the kids birth certificates, my daughter's college transcript, my son's duty papers, and our original divorce decree, no way she was getting one more cent out of me.

The judge immediately asked where my representation was, when I said I didn't have an attorney he offered to extend the proceedings until I had one, I declined, I was ready to address the court and respond to any issues brought forth. He seemed pleased enough to let it go. Her attorney read the articles of law that I was supposedly in violation of and then proceeded to claim, with a very impressive spreadsheet I might add, that I had failed to pay on fifteen different occasions over the past twelve years, including paying only a reduced amount for the last two years, before stopping altogether.

I first handed the bailiff copies of the checks representing the claimed missed payments, the settlement agreement which stated the amounts I was to pay, then the reduced amount, once the first child turned eighteen or graduated high school, whichever was last, and the kids birth certificates, showing them both to be over eighteen, graduated and in college.

The judge didn't bat an eye before denying all claims. Her lawyer then proposed that I should be required to pay legal expenses, as I had in the original divorce, the judge actually told him to, "Get real!" Before again denying all claims and dismissing the suit.

She tried to talk to me in the hallway, but I walked past her without even acknowledging her presence. I had to admit though she did look good, somewhere along the way she got a boob job and they were prominently on display, her too short skirt revealed her shapely legs, she did have good genes, but what a bitch. She tried calling my cell phone before I even made it out of the parking garage, I didn't take the call, in fact I refused to take any of the several dozen calls she made to both my home and cell, thankfully she didn't have my work phone.

On Saturday I rode in a poker run and didn't get home until around 8:00 PM as I pulled into the cul-de-sac, I saw her p.o.s. yugo parked on the curb in front of my house. I pulled into the driveway and directly into the garage and closed the door behind me, she was running toward the door screaming as it closed. I went to the refrigerator and grabbed myself a beer, turned on the computer and browsed around then started reading stories from my favorite literotica collections. All the while she was beating on my door pleading for me to let her in. After a couple of good reads, I was more than a little horny and it dawned on me that if she kept this up one of the neighbors would surely call the cops, so reluctantly I opened the door.

"What the fuck do you want?" I queried.

"I'm in trouble and I need your help," she replied.

"And why should I care?" I responded.

"Please, they're gonna hurt me, if you don't help me out." She pleaded.

"Who is going to hurt you, and why?" wishing I hadn't asked as soon as the words left my mouth.

"Maurice, and his guys, I lost their drugs and they want their money."

She went on to explain how she had "gotten tricked" into selling drugs for some black guy, and how she was at a party and someone stole a whole bag of oxy's out of her purse. And Maurice was gonna kill her if she didn't pay him the grand she owed him. I told her that, "I failed to see why I should care."

She tried to play on sentiment stating that she was the mother of my children, to which I pointed out that they haven't seen her or heard from her in years, no card or even a call on birthdays, Christmas or graduation, as far as they knew or cared she was dead. She offered to make it worth my while, pulling at her collar showing even more cleavage. Then turning around, raising her mini skirt and shaking her boney thong covered ass at me. I told her she had always been a pain in my ass, her response was that I used to like fuck that ass.

Being horny from the stories, and remembering the sex we had, she wasn't the best I ever had, but she reminded me of an old Kristofferson song, "every since the first I had, the worst I had, was good." My cock swelled in my jeans and I had to make an adjustment, she jumped on the opportunity and grabbed my manhood and started rubbing it. "See I still turn you on," she stated.

"Yeah, you were always a great fuck," I lied.
