 Joy and Eric were sitting with Richard and Candy in their playroom. It had more furniture now and was actually looking like a proper playroom. They were all in the nude as they had just traded some sexy satisfaction with their friends. This was their third time playing with Candy and Richard, and they were getting pretty comfortable with them. Candy still had Eric's cock in her ass as he stood behind her barstool, and it seemed rather natural for some reason. Candy definitely enjoyed it and had been exploring her new anal fetish. Joy sat with Richard's arm around her, fondly handling his heavy, semi-erect cock. They had chatted for a little bit and Eric was just thinking about getting a little more serious about his dick in Candy's ass when Richard made an announcement. He said that he and Candy had been playing with another couple for several months, and thought that the other couple should meet Eric and Joy. Eric and Joy had recently talked about looking for a second couple to put in their 'swinger stable.' They liked Richard and Candy and figured they would have good taste, so they agreed. It couldn't hurt to meet.

After a good bit more fun, Eric and Joy took their leave. Richard had sent them with a username to look up on a familiar website and their names; Jake and Maria. Being the curious sort they looked them up as soon as they got home. The pictures were impressive. This was a couple that Eric and Joy wouldn't normally reach out to. They were definitely some of the best looking swingers that they'd seen profiles for. Joy was a little more hesitant, as she was sometimes intimidated by super-hot women. Everyone has some insecurities, and she was no different. Eric didn't think the lady was so incredibly hot as she was just small. Their profile stated that they had been together for a couple years, both of them were on their second marriage, and they were in their mid 40's. It was a little hard to believe because their appearances made them look like they were 30. They were outdoorsy types who liked to ride their motorcycle. The man was 6'2": 220lbs, while the lady half was 4'10": 90lbs. Eric looked at Joy questioningly. She shrugged, less than thrilled.

"Meeting up with them can't hurt, I guess." Joy said reluctantly.

Eric took care of connecting with them and making the arrangements with his counterpart, Jake. A week later they could be found getting ready for a mid-day motorcycle ride. The plan was to ride a local dive bar and have a drink or two, just to get to know them. The ride was uneventful. Jake and Maria were there when Eric and Joy arrived on their motorcycles. Jake and Maria approached as Eric and Joy dismounted. They introduced themselves and it was plain to see that the pictures they had on the web were recent. They exchanged compliments about the good looking bikes, good looking wives, and Maria was sure to tell Joy that she looked extremely sexy with her legs wrapped around her own engine. Maria had only ever been a passenger. 

As they went inside and got a table, Maria insisted that Joy sit in the booth next to her. The four of them went about relating stories about where they worked, and how many kids they each had. They discussed past motorcycle trips and a host of other things. There was a little footsy under the table, but most of the attention was on Joy. Maria held the arm nearest her and played with Joy's hair while paying her compliments and talking. Maria was extremely sweet and seemed to have a very nurturing personality. Jake's chiseled features captured a lot of Joy's attention. He had broad shoulders on top of a tall frame. Under those wide shoulders Joy could make out an outline of a strong, thick chest. Jake reached for Joy's hand several times. Joy continued to make her hand available to him by leaving it on the table. He would reach out and touch her to get her attention, and even lingered a few times before pulling back. Maria would giggle and lay her head on Joy's shoulder, looking at her adoringly. Eric felt just a little left out at times, but it wasn't really a big deal. The looks Maria flashed him and the foot she had on his leg reassured him that there was chemistry all around. Eventually, Jake picked up the check and asked if we wanted to ride for a while. Joy nodded slightly and Eric, reading her expression, confirmed. 

"Sure, where to?" Eric asked. 

"There's a nature area about 45 minutes away. Have you ever been to Runge Nature Center?" Jake asked. 

"Sure have." Joy replied, "Shall we?"

They got up to leave and Maria kept on Joy's arm until they got outside. Joy looked at Jake's thin waist and the V shape it made with his wide shoulders with interest. She couldn't help but notice the way his tight jeans clung to his shapely ass. Joy was a little unsettled with Maria's closeness at first, but was warming up to it quickly. Maria kept her hands in appropriate places and her touch was light and playful. Almost everything she did was a light caress. Maria paused for a moment when they got to the bikes.

"Joy, do you ride with passengers? Could I ride with you? I always wanted to ride with a hot biker-chick." Maria asked.

Joy laughed and gave her go ahead. Maria couldn't weigh much and already knew how to be a passenger so Jodi was comfortable with it. Everyone mounted up and rolled out with a throaty rumble. Jake led the way while Eric stayed in the back. Jake led at a leisurely pace through the backroads. It was a perfectly warm spring day and Joy had ditched her riding jacket in Eric's saddle bags. This made Maria happy, as she couldn't resist but to let her hands wander around Joy's waist and back. Caressing, rubbing and lightly massaging. Her hands were in continuous motion while she looked around. It seemed almost unconscious for her to stay busy with her hands. Joy, although unsure at first, found herself silently smiling and enjoying the attention. She'd never had a passenger other than her daughters and could now see why Eric liked it as much as he did. Maria's hands felt good on her and Joy had to focus extra so as not to get distracted. As they neared their destination, Maria gave Joy's delicious C-cups a squeeze and pressed her warm crotch against Joy's back, making her fidget. Maria just laughed and laughed as they pulled in and parked. Everyone stowed their gear and made small talk. Jake started ambling off toward one of the trail heads and then slowed to wait for everyone, looking back.

Maria took Eric and Joy's arms and led them toward Jake. Once close, Jake reached in to take Joy's hand. Joy couldn't help but notice how long his fingers were. His hands in general were very big, each thick finger was extremely well manicured. When Joy asked about how nice his hands were, Jake just motioned to Maria who chimed in. 

"He's a mechanic and always working with tools and dirt and things. I don't like it when his skin is dry and hard and 'dis and 'dat. So before bed each night, I file his skin and make sure he has plenty of lotion, and trim his nails or whatever. I really love his hands, so I keep them the way I like them." Maria informed them. With a mischievous grin Maria grabbed a handful of Eric and Joy's asses. One in each hand.

Maria had one of those Steven Tyler mouths that went from ear to ear when she smiled. If it was a big smile, she showed of a great number of teeth as well. Couple that with a thick mane of dense curly black hair and it was a little disarming as it made her otherwise tiny, beautiful body look very average, almost silly. Maria was quite short, had very little weight to her, and almost looked frail. Maria had tiny breasts and just enough ass to avoid being accused of being assless. Though she did seem to be somewhat athletic and had reasonable muscle tone in her arms. Her carefree attitude was also very pleasant. Eric really liked her rich Colombian accent. Joy would agree with that since, when Jake would talk, it would bring a smile to her face.

About halfway through the walk they came to a picnic table, which seemed to be a good place to stop. Jake said he's like to have a seat for a minute and straddled one bench while motioning Joy to sit in front of him. She did so, also straddling the bench. His hands went to her back, starting a shoulder rub. Thinking that it looked like a good idea, Maria and Eric arranged themselves similarly, facing Joy. Eric began massaging Maria's back too. Eric could feel little muscles hiding under that shirt. This was good considering he wasn't a fan of a skin-n-bones woman. Jake moved up close to Joy and she could feel a slight bulge against the small of her back. Jake whispered compliments in her ear, and told her he'd already decided that next time he'd take Joy someplace more private. Joy thought she might melt in that moment and her crotch felt very warm and moist. 

Joy leaned back a little harder on his stiffening cock and his hands moved to her front. She felt a little kiss on her lips and opened her eyes to Maria looking back at her. Jake's hands wandered up her shirt and she could feel those strong fingers caressing her tits through her bra. Maria pecked at her cheeks and neck and Joy decided that a little closeness was ok here. She opened her eyes again and Eric winked back at her and looked around. He was watching, so that set her mind at ease. Joy parted her lips slightly the next time Maria moved in and, for the first time, kissed another woman deeply. Not just any kiss, but one with passion in it. Maria was a great kisser. So soft and gentle. Joy felt a button come undone on her pants, while Jake's hand moved ever so slowly south. It was almost as if her were testing and waiting for a refusal of any sort. 

"Just tell me to stop." Jake whispered in Joy's ear. 

Jake pushed his hand farther inside the front of Joy's jeans. His big hands were so gentle, and carefully circled her clit, make her draw in breath. Maria continued her light kisses all over Joy's exposed skin and cupped Joy's ample breasts with her little hands. Joy didn't want them to stop and pushed her clit into his finger. She moaned slightly and her breathing increased a little. Her pussy was getting wetter by the minute. Jake tested her wetness and extended a finger to her pussy, pressing in just a bit. Joy pressed into his hand again, encouraging him. He slipped as much finger into her as he could and she drew in breath sharply. That big, strong finger felt extremely good in her snatch. Joy moved her hips in response and could feel the heel of his hand pressing against her clit while he worked his finger in her pussy. Joy continued to hump his hand while Maria touched her body and kissed her. Jake moved a second finger into her, nice and slow. Joy shivered just a little. Both fingers together felt incredible. It felt like he had a grip on her pussy and waves a pleasure were rising up. Joy felt very comfortable and secure leaning back into his strong body. With her eyes closed, she worked her hips into his hand as he began pressing her G-spot with is fingers. Maria kissed Joy's exposed tummy while Eric caressed Maria's tiny ass as she bent over. Jake's hand continued to put pressure on Joy's clit and as he did so and the sensations from her pussy were magnified. Jake worked her like this for many minutes before her breathing started to come to a crescendo. Joy bucked slightly and moaned as she released fireworks behind her eyes. It wasn't earth shattering, but it was a good orgasm. Joy was just thankful that she didn't soak her own pants.

Maria rubbed Joy's cheek lightly and soothed her for a moment, then turned to Eric. She looked around and asked him to stand up in front of them. Maria unzipped his pants and fished his dick out. Eric looked around nervously, but Joy was just smiling up at him. Maria immediately saw the small shamrock on his flaccid penis and gasped. 

"Oh, I love it! Let's make it bigger!" Maria exclaimed. 

Maria went to work quickly and with enthusiasm. Eric relaxed and gave himself over to the sensation. Blood rushed into his cock and Maria hummed as she took his whole length into her mouth and throat. As she pressed her face over his shaft she would snake her tongue out onto his balls. The feeling was incredible. Maria seemed like she wanted to get things moving fast and was forcing him into her mouth until her face was against his stomach. Jake watched the action just a couple feet away for some time, smiling. 

"She needs her face fucked, amigo. Don't you, mami?" Jake asked.

Maria mumbled agreement over Eric's hard cock. He thrust a little harder back at her. She hummed her approval and grabbed his ass and pulled him to her even harder. Eric was a little taken aback as he hadn't fucked a face before. He tentatively reached out and placed a hand at the back of her head as she stroked. Maria immediately reached up and grabbed his hand, in her hair, very hard. Eric followed suit and grabbed a handful of hair and used the leverage to back his thrusts. Maria once again moaned her approval so he reached for a second handful. She kept after him hard so he fucked her face back. Eventually he was smashing into her mouth as hard as he could. His balls were bouncing almost painfully off her chin. Joy stared in awe as he pulled out, intending to cum elsewhere. Eric grabbed his dick and started jerking, but Maria slapped his hand away and said, "No, that's my sperm!"

Her odd use of words were lost on him as the gesture was extremely hot. That bit sent him over the edge and he jammed his cock back into her throat with only a few more deep strokes before he unloaded his hot sauce in her mouth. Eric pumped and shuddered, letting out a slight moan. Maria pulled out his still hard cock briefly for examination. Licking at his prominent head and looking closely at the detail on his dick tattoo. She sucked him until he went limp and cleaned him up. Still in a bit of shock and with hormones dumping into his system, Eric zipped up his pants and sat down with a sigh, hugging Maria's little body close. Joy wanted to return the favor and turned to Jake and grabbed his cock just as they heard voices coming their way. 

"That's perfect timing." Maria said, wiping her puffy lips before bouncing to her feet. 

Maria grabbed Joy's hand. Joy clung to Jake and they both were forced up by the smallest one of the bunch. Maria led the way back in a slow stroll, and both her and Jake could be seen caressing Joy's ass and lower back, pretty much the whole way, one on each side. After finishing his recovery and slowing his breathing, Eric came in close as well. At least close enough to grab Maria and Joy's tight asses now and then. 

As they got near the mostly empty parking lot, Eric cut between Maria and Joy, taking their hands. He asked Maria if she'd like to hang out again. She replied yes immediately and clearly spoke on behalf of both herself and Jake. Joy gave Eric's hand a long hard squeeze, which was her way of saying yes as well. Eric also spoke on behalf of both of them in that they would love to get together again in a more private setting, and soon! Eric asked what they were doing that night, but it was shot down as they already had plans. Eric and Joy would later find out that those plans were with their other friends, Richard and Candy. Eric promised that he'd be in touch with Jake and would get something set up. Maria leaned in and gave him a salty kiss while squeezing his package. Joy and Jake also exchanged a long kiss while he firmly squeezed her pussy through her pants. Joy was sure to grab a handful of healthy cock through his jeans as well. Maria and Jake mounted their steel horse and set off, leaving Eric and Joy to themselves. 

"Damn, that was a great finger fuck! They were both great kissers too, and I need you to tell me how her blow job felt? Well, face fuck, not blow job. I want you to put your dick in me while you tell me about it though. I need it." Joy said enthusiastically. 

"I know. We were just supposed to meet and chat. I feel taken advantage of and I think I liked it!" Eric said as he laughed. Eric gave Joy a big hug and grabbed a handful of ass. They mounted up and rode off.

It would not be the last that they'd see of Jake and Maria, and they'd never think of that nature park quite the same way either.