 It was a cold November weekend when I took my first tentative steps in my new life as a new bride with my new husband in a new country. 

My husband had been living in the UK before we married. I had flown out to join him and to start our new lives together. Imagine my disappointment when I saw the small room he lived in. In a small 4 bedroom house with 8 other guys. 

I am from a well off family and was hoping he had a house of his own. 

But I am tough I told myself. And i am his loyal wife. I will live with him no matter what. 

My name is Shazia. I am 5ft tall very slim but with curves in the right places (32b size bra). Long black hair to my bum. Very light skin and big green eyes. 

My husband is handsome and very hardworking. He went to the UK to work and endured this hardship so he could support his parents back in Pakistan. 

The other guys living in the house were of mixed ages and from mixed backgrounds. A few black guys from Somalia. They spoke French as well having spent time on France. 2 polish guys and 4 Pakistanis.

Not all of the them were currently working so some stayed at home. 

I was a bit scared and intimidated of them as they all seem to stare at me when we sat together in the shared living room area. Especially the 2 black guys who were physically huge, towering over me at around 6ft 6 inch high and built like bulls.

A few days went by with my husband going to work and me left in the house and then the guys started to make lewd comments towards me. Sometimes they let their hands touch me. Then they started whispering rude things into my ear when they walked past me. Sexual things about my ass and my boobs and what they would like to do to them. 

I didn't say anything as I realised as the only girl in the house it must be difficult for the guys to keep seeing me and not have any wives or girlfriends of their own there. 

Then one Sunday it happened. My husband had been called into work for the whole day. I decided I would clean around the house. I went downstairs to clean the living room. Riaz and Amin two of the Pakistani lads were downstairs watching TV. As soon as they saw me the comments started. Innocuous at first "ub din badul gaya" (they day has changed), "mera dil ut gaya, aur kuch be utalo meri jaan" (my heart has stood up for you, now make something else stand up my love). 

I ignored this and carried on cleaning. But the comments were having their effect on me. I had got used to them and wasn't scared by now but actually took them as compliments and they made me feel better inside. 

Then Amin started saying more and more personal stuff. He said "how can she enjoy her husband's cock it is so small. I bet he tries so hard you can hear the bed banging but she doesn't make a noise. I would make her scream with my 7 inches." On hearing this my heart skipped 2 beats. 7 inches. My husband's was about 5 I think and slim i thought in my mind.

I was cleaning next to Riaz who leaned forward to sneakily touch my boobs but he grabbed the fabric of my Kameez. I jolted back and watched in horror as my Kameez ripped and my left boob spilled out. I shrieked and tried to cover up. He gasped having clearly seen everything. I tried to go for the door but Amin had stood in my way. "Dikao" (show us) he insisted. Straight away I knew he would not take no for an answer. I turned my head to one side in shame and dropped my arms. "WOW" I heard them both gasp. Before I could stop him he stepped forward and cupped my breast with his right hand and gently rolled the nipple between his fingers. I gasped as a pleasure tingle ran through me. Amin laughed and continued doing it. "Deka. Is Rundi ko lun ke zaroorat he" (see, this whore needs cock). I felt stunned he would call me a whore. Me with my well off background. 

Suddenly his head thrust forward taking my nipple in to his lips. Oh god it's gone this far and I haven't stopped him I thought. He just continued to devour my nipple and boob. He started fondling the other one through my Kameez. His tongue and hands were amazing. I could only lay back on the dining room table and enjoy this. Then he started to lift the Kameez higher his face came up for air it was level with my face. He paused for a moment looking straight deep into my eyes. Now I realised how handsome he is. My heart melting. I realised why he paused. He was looking for my permission. This was my chance to push him off and refuse. This is my chance to retain a small bit of dignity. This is my chance... instead I grasped his face and pulled him to my lips and kissed him deeply and hungrily. His tongue expertly danced and flicked inside mouth totally exciting me. 

Then with his big arms he pulled the Kameez over my head in one motion. Totally exposing my breasts and started to devour them again. Suddenly the elastic band in my Salwar was pulled loose and I could feel it being removed. I then remembered Riaz. Before I could say anything it was off. I was completely nude now. Riaz dived straight into the gap between my legs. He flicked licked and bit so expertly I was cooing. I have never received oral sex before and these were amazing new sensations to me. 

Amin laughed "hum dono thuje achi thara chodunge" "theri puddi ko par dunge" (we are both going to fuck you good. We are going to rip your pussy to shreds). 

on hearing this my throat went dry. Oh god they mean to fuck me. Everything inside me begged me to stop but I said nothing and continued to enjoy the double attention. Then riaz inserted 2 fingers in my pussy and his thumb in my back passage and it happened. ... a massive rush of pleasure hit me like I never felt before. I lost sense of where I was or how long it lasted. My whole body tensed up and when I came back I was babbling through clench fists and teeth shaking my head side to side. They were laughing. What looked like lots of piss had escaped from me all over riaz's mouth. He just lapped it up. 

Amin then yanked me off the table on to the floor and on my knees. He pulled down his trousers and I saw the second man's penis in my life (the first being only my husband) and it was so different to my husband's. About 2 inch longer but I was amazed by the thickness and the veins were so prominent. It looked so angry. Without any asking my hand was already at it touching it feeling it stroking it pumping it. I was mesmerized. My hand couldn't go fully around it it was so thick. My jaw was still open with awe and my eyes fixed forward when riaz held my hair hand pushed his rock hard meat straight into my mouth. My reflex was to push out but he held me. The first cock in my mouth I thought... and it tastes... ok. I had about a third in and he started to rock forward pushing deeper and deeper. The thickness was hard to take and my lips felt over stretched. He was like a rock now so I just let him fuck mouth. He went wild thrusting so hard and fast. His balls slapping on my face so hard my face was going red. 

Riaz withdrew and moved over to sit on the sofa whilst Amin tried to use my mouth. I desperately tried to get it in but my lips wouldn't stretch far enough. Instead I licked and sucked every inch for him. 

They picked me up and sat me on top of a fully nude riaz now, chest to chest. I kissed him deeply as he held me tightly slowly lowering me until the tip of his cock rested at my opening. I gasped as 100 thoughts went through my mind. He paused as well almost questioning 'are you sure?' I thought about my husband, I thought about my wedding day, my parents, my religion, what my family would say and slowly lifted myself off and away from his tip stopping when I was about an inch or two off it. 

There was total silence. I looked into riaz's pleading eyes held my gaze for a few seconds then closed my eyes... and just rammed down with everything I had. 

Straight home. Fully impaled we both screamed. Riaz's guttural animal growl was only matched in volume by my shriek as I impaled myself. Stretched so much this was a different amazing sensation. I started to ride him hard. Really enjoying the pain of being stretched so deep I found myself lifting right off and ramming all the way down each time. Riaz was shout obscenities at me but I didn't care. 

I could feel an absolute avalanche coming in my belly in my pussy in my brain. I speeded up and then, without warning, Amins two fingers pushed deep into my anus... I totally lost it. It was like a dam or something broke inside of me. The rush of pleasure was incredible and so intense. I just screamed and screamed. Riaz laughed and pulled me to his mouth to stifle the screams but I just bit his tongue. Amin roughly opened my back passage with his fingers as my orgasm subsided. My whole body went limp. I couldn't move. 

I felt his fingers withdraw to be replaced by something much bigger. I couldn't resist. This was the ultimate taboo forbidden act for me. This would be not only to lose my dignity but my very soul to him, to be taken this way - anally - and I wasn't stopping.

I felt my ring give way as his head pushed in. All three of us gasped. My mind was a rush with the orgasm and the pain and I started to babble in my own language. "Hi meri gaand patt jayegi. Hi ammi. hi meri gaand. Bohut mota he. Mar jaungi" (oh my anus will bring torn to shreds. Oh mummy. it's too thick. My poor anus. I will die). 

Then Amin's patience went - he held my hips and started to shove forward really hard. Drawing full lungged screams with every thrust. "Maa yadi rundi. Bara nakra dikathi. Ab thera asli patha chal gaya. Ub thera sab kuch par dunge" (fucking whore. You acted high and mighty before but now we see the real you. We will rip every part of you to shreds). With this he really went wild slamming full length strokes into my ass. I screamed and screamed and over the sound of the screams I heard commotion as the other guys must have heard the noise. 

The door opened and 4 of them burst in and stopped. Stunned at the sight before them. The 2 African guys and the two polish guys... to be continued.