 My hand to God, what follows wasn't on the agenda for either my ex or I when we arrived for a company weekend function that Saturday....

Ree and I were on the downside of our involvement in the lifestyle commonly referred to as 'swinging'. We, as a couple, still did on occasion, don't get me wrong but, truthfully? both of us were pretty much indulging in a very open marriage. She did her thing with other guys, or gals, depending on her whim, and I had some on-going trysts with some women, married and single, alike.

But this weekend as we drove the hundred miles or so to the company's home-city, neither of us expressed a desire to find some 'strange'. The occasion was a manager/supervisor 'get away' weekend at a local horse track with dinner and drinks provided, as well as the hotel rooms for us out-of-towners.

We did, however, regale each other with stories of some recent sexual fun that we'd both had during the hundred-mile drive. As always, hearing of the other's flings was a big turn on for the both of us and led to a quickie when we got to our hotel.

Ree was in her late twenties then, with a body that just wouldn't quit...great tits(34-Cs), small waist, well-toned ass, yep, she had the package. And oh, by the way, she loved sucking dick, sometimes preferring to suck rather than fuck, depending on the guy, of course.

With all of the above having been said, so to speak, we joined the party at the track with only placing bets on horses on our minds...

"I don't think so," Ree said, "I think the horse with the green and white colors is going to win," her comment being her reasoning for betting against the odds.

Go figure...she was right and cashed in her bet for a couple of hundred bucks!

"We need to learn your method of picking winners," a female voice said laughingly from behind us.

"I wish I knew the secret, myself," Ree chuckled in reply.

"Bobby and I," her head nodding to a guy that I recognized as a route supervisor from one of our plants here, at the home office, "heard your choice and I wanted to go with your pick, but Bobby wanted to play the favorite...and, of course, he lost," she said with a sarcastic grin.

"I'm Jeri," and...

"I know Bobby," I interrupted to say, following by introducing Ree and I, in turn.

Bobby joined us, he and I friendly, of course, and our ladies seemingly getting along well as they chit-chatted, looking at the next race's horses on the board.

"C'mon, babe," Ree said as she pulled on my arm, "we're going to have a drink and watch the race in the bar," smiling as she said it, but not at me, at Bobby. I smiled and caught a glimpse of Jeri's smirk as she watched that little interchange.

Drinks ordered, we watched a few races, placed a few bets, chatted with other co-workers as we would see them, all in all, as pleasant of a few hours that one could have with clothes on.

At some point, and it's probably not important anyway, we wound up sitting with each other's spouses in our booth in the track bar. Night had fallen, the races were almost over and the conversations were pretty much between each couple, quiet and private. 

Jeri was turned, facing me, in the booth, her legs slightly spread invitingly, her short skirt having ridden past mid-thigh on her legs.

She had great legs.

"So, when Ree and I went to the ladies room that last time, we sorta' talked," Jeri said in a low voice, smiling playfully at my failed attempt to hide my glances up her skirt, 

"Yeah? 'Bout what?" I replied, noticing for the first time that Ree and Bobby were sitting really close to each other and, in the dim light of the bar, I was pretty sure by the position of her arm near Bobby that she was probably giving him a skillful cock-rubbing through his slacks.

"We're 'friendly' too...ya' know? That kind of friendly, like y'all are," spreading her legs a wee bit wider, her skirt riding high enough that I could now see the outline of her pussy against the tight fabric of her panties.

"Bobby and I aren't married anymore but we still, you know, party, as a couple with other friendly couples from time to time," Jeri explained further while grasping my hand and leading it to a spot on her leg, past mid-thigh, "Ree and I thought it might be a fun thing if we all went to Bobby's house after the last race...whatd'ya think?"

"I think that's a good idea," I replied, my fingers now slow-stroking her thigh, teasingly so, her increasingly deeper breaths indicating that she liked what my fingers were doing.

"Bobby? Why don't you let Ree ride with you and I'll ride with Ray to show him the way to your place," Jeri announced, her tone clearly showing that there was no room for 'NO' as an answer to her suggestion.

"You okay with that Ree?" I asked, knowing she would be.

"Oh yeah, that's fine...why don't we say our goodbyes now and head over that way," Ree eagerly replied.

We did.

Bobby and Ree walked off towards his car in the track parking lot while Jeri and I did the same, she hanging onto my arm that she had placed around her waist, her fingers playing with mine that rode on her hip. Stopping and unlocking the passenger door, Jeri and I fell into a lustful, tongue-probing, hand-fondling kiss of mega-hotness.

I pressed her against my car as we tried to find each other's stomachs with our tongues, my hand full of her soft, braless breast under her thin blouse, her hand gripping and stroking my hard cock through my pants.

"Let's get in the car," she gasped, her fingers kneading on my dick as she said it.

I no sooner closed my door when she was in my arms again, our mouths chewing on each other's, our hands frantically grabbing, gripping. Pulling her mouth from mine, she suddenly reclined the passenger seat as far as it would go, grabbed my hand and placed it between her legs after she pulled up her skirt. Closing her eyes when my fingers slipped under her panties and began playing with her moist snatch, she quickly gave me directions to Bobby's house.

She orgasmed that first time just as I left the parking lot of the track, turning in the direction she told me. 

It was a twenty minute drive to Bobby's place, and she climaxed at least three, maybe four more times. She had put her hand down my slacks, playing with me as I played with and fingered her as I drove, barely able to keep my mind on that task.

Just as I pulled up to and parked in front of Bobby's place, Jeri suddenly pulled my hand from between her legs, saying, "That was fun...wish I could stick around but I need to go, give Bobby and Ree my apologies," and quick as a wink, she jumped out of my car and into hers, which was already parked in front of Bobby's house, driving off as I watched her do so, open-mouthed and somewhat confused.

What the fuck?

Of course I was a bit pissed off, re-running the past half-hour through my mind, wondering what, if anything, I had done to bring about her sudden departure. Whatever it was, if it was anything I had done, I couldn't figure it out and I tried, believe me. 

Rolling a small joint, I sat there in my car toking, thinking, and waiting for Bobby and Ree to show up. Just about the time that I started wondering what Ree and Bobby were up to, his car turned onto his street and into his driveway. Seeing me sitting in our car alone, Ree got out of Bobby's car, and came to ours, sitting in the passenger seat, her hand dropping onto my leg.

"Where's Jeri?" Ree asked, quickly using a fingertip to wipe a drop of cum from the corner of her mouth afterwards as if she didn't want me to see her do so.

Bobby came over and, sitting on the jamb of the opened passenger door, he asked the same question. I filled them in on what had happened, shaking my head afterwards in confusion.

"I must've done or said something to piss her off is all I can figure," I said as I finished telling them of her sudden departure.

"No...Jeri can be very strange at times, doesn't mean that you did anything at all. That was one of the things that brought about our divorce," Bobby explained, "I never quite knew which of her many personalities would be around when I came home. She's a lot of fun but, honestly?, she's got a few wires crossed."

Turning to face them and handing over the joint to share with them, I just nodded, noticing that Ree had missed a spot of cum on her chin. Wiping it off with my fingertip, I slipped it between Ree's lips, saying, "You missed a spot."

She flushed red at being caught and sorta' grinned.

"We got caught at a train crossing," She tried to explain, "that's why we took so long."

More like she gave him road-head, I thought, something she was fond of doing. But shit, I was horny and ramped up from playing with Jeri's pussy and she playing with my cock, so I just nodded my head at her bullshit explanation and slipped my hand between her legs as she sat there in the car.

Never could figure out why Ree liked playing those mind-games about fucking and sucking others. We both did it. We both knew she did too, hell, she'd tell me about some of 'em, some but not all. But, for whatever reasons, Ree had always liked pretending otherwise at times. 

She sat there while I slowly slid my hand up her dress, reaching her snatch, now all wet and moist, and pantiless, something she liked doing. As I began a slow playful fondling of her pussy, Ree leaned her head onto the headrest and closed her eyes. Motioning with a small movement of my head towards Bobby who had been watching all of this, I was trying to indicate that he should join me in playing with my wife's pussy. He 'got it', joining in the play, both of our hands and fingers working in concert to fondle Ree which, of course, brought a low, moan of arousal from her.

"That's not fair, two against one," Ree cooed, spreading her legs a bit wider as she said it.

"Never bothered you before," I quipped, knowing how much Ree liked threesomes with two guys, "Maybe Bobby and I should take you inside and properly fuck you," I suggested further, leaning in to give her a lustful kiss, tasting his cum in her mouth when I did so.

"Maybe you should," Ree replied, reaching with both of her hands to our crotches, rubbing both Bobby and I at the same time while we continued to play with her. We had each slipped a finger into her by then, slowly fingering her as she gripped and stroked our cocks through our pants.

"Let's go inside, please?" Ree gasped, her voice low, husky, barely able to be heard.

"Let's..." was all I said in reply.

Ree and I followed Bobby into his house, standing in the darkened foyer, kissing and fondling each other, while he turned on some lights in another room. When he rejoined us in his living room, I had Ree's blouse opened, exposing her gorgeous tits. Bobby leaned down to suck on one of her tits as I did the same with the other. When Bobby's hand began fondling her pussy, she put an arm around both of us, lifting and turning her head this way and that as we kissed and played with her. 

"Let's move this to your bedroom," I suggested, knowing that I would hear no objection from my wife or my co-worker.

Perhaps a world record for three people getting out of their clothes and into bed, I don't know, but I wouldn't bet against it.

I have to say that Bobby and I worked together as a well-oiled machine while pleasuring Ree with kisses, suckles, touches and the like. It might have appeared that he and I had done this before, made love to the same woman at the same time, but we hadn't. 

Something to be said for experience I suppose.

He and I took turns between Ree's legs, both with our mouths and our cocks, while she sucked the other's cock. Ree loved sucking and swallowing, taking great pleasure at being able to deliver memorable head to a sex partner. After he had fucked her that first time, she pulled him to her mouth to clean up his cum from his semi-flaccid cock. 

"Eat me, baby...." Ree whispered before sliding her mouth around Bobby's dick. She didn't really need to tell me though, since I enjoyed eating her pussy after another guy had fucked her as much as she enjoyed me doing so.

We took a break, smoked another joint, took bathroom breaks for cleanup purposes and the like but having rested sufficiently, the three of us were soon back at it for round two.

This time, Ree slipped over me into the dominant position, guiding my cock into her very wet pussy, sliding up and down as she rode me. Leaning down, she whispered into my ear, "You know what I want...have him get into me with you," her breathing heavy, sex-sweat on the both of us.

One of the few things that Ree hadn't had yet, sexually, was having two cocks in her pussy at the same time,a double-penetration. Both Bobby and I were roughly the same size, seven or so inches long and satisfyingly thick. I've seen Ree take on some good-size cock, so I thought it would be doable.

I didn't have to say a word to Bobby. Holding her in position with my hands on her hips, I pulled her pussy's lips wide when I was fully into her, wide in invitation, an invitation which Bobby quickly responded to.

Kneeling behind Ree, he guided his cock to slide on top of mine as I stretched her pussy with my fingers. Slowly pushing until he was able to enter her along with me, we both began to slowly fuck Ree, the feel of his dick sliding against mine inside of her, very pleasurable to me if I'm going to be honest.

"Oooooh sweet lord," Ree cried as he and I got into a rhythm, our cocks filling her pussy to the breaking point one would think. With both of our cocks fucking her, she took about a nano-second to pop her nuts and followed that with several more until she finally asked us to stop after he and I climaxed, filling her to the brim with our cum.

We dragged our asses from Bobby's house around three in the morning and found our way back to our hotel. Both of us took quick showers and crashed into deep sleep.

"Mornin'," I said from the patio of our room when Ree woke the next morning, the morning of our check-out.

"Come over here and say that," she teased, flipping the covers from her nakedness, inviting to say the least.

"A little horny are we?" I joked as I climbed onto the bed and lowered my head to suck on her tits, as my fingers found her wet cunt at the same time.

"Yeah, I am, and when we're through, cleaned up and checked out, what would you think about stopping off at Bobby's to say goodbye?" She cooed as she stroked my cock.

"I would think that before we leave Bobby's house for our drive home, that you're going to get your brains fucked out by the both of us," was my answer.

"Sorta' what I was hoping you'd say," was her reply.

We did and she was...