 Previous readers of my other stories know one side of my wife, a side that I never knew existed until recently. We met in school and she is (was) a very conservative person. Our sex life is good but nothing out of the ordinary, except for the couple of instances that started about 3 1/2 years ago. It is strange because typically the lights must be out and she even acts embarrassed or surprised when I walk in on her when she is changing cloths. But then there are the "exceptions" that I have written about. My wife changes to another person; fully in charge, self-confident and completely carnal. 

Pam does not like to talk about the episodes after the fact and she gets mad at me if I even try to bring up the possibility of another tryst. In almost every other way my wife is a normal mid 30's housewife. She keeps herself fit and at 5'-2" only weighs 110 pounds sopping wet. Pam has nice legs, firm 34 B breasts with perky little nipples and she keep a nice dense little patch of urban forestry over her pee hole just the way I like. But I think her best assets are her sporty thighs and her cute little bubble behind. 

We had both been too busy over the past few weeks to hardly speak so we decided to do a weekend away without cell phones and interruptions. Because it was short notice there was not much time to plan or make reservations we decided to go camping like we had done when we were younger and money was tighter. It was already Thursday night and so I scurried to find our old tent, air mattress and the few camping supplies we had packed away. 

On Friday I left for work, planning on leaving at noon to get away. Pam began packing her things into the vehicle early enough to be able to relax by early afternoon. She left time for a leisurely shower and afterward dressed for comfort one of her khaki shorts and cool shirt. Pam left the top two buttons open, fastened the next two and left the bottom two open to show her tan she worked on all summer.

We had decided to go to a campground we had visited once before and I frequented when I was younger. There was a large lake on the property; on one side of the lake it was used as camping grounds for young men from all over the state. There was some fencing extending a short distance into the water that separated the young men's area from what was considered public camping grounds. Some of the public areas were set up with electricity and hook-ups for campers and RV's. We also knew about a few small back roads and paths which lead to some very out of the way seldom used areas. 

We beat most of the Friday traffic leaving town and made it to the camp grounds shortly before dark. It had been a number of years since our last visit so it took a while to find one specific old road I was looking for and the pathway that lead to a secluded little cove we had visited once before. The site was perfect, secluded with nobody visible. Our vehicle was parked about a 15 minute hike from the spot so it took several trips and nearly an hour to get all our gear to the site. 

We found a small flat opening at the edge of the trees to set up the tent. Our camp site opened to the shoreline with a small 20 foot clearing of pebbles and sand. We started the evening building a small fire and cooking a little diner. After eating we pulled out the folding chairs and watched the stars while we made a pitcher of rum based drinks to relax. It was not long before both of us exhausted from the week crawled into the tent and fell asleep.

We woke mid-morning to a bright sunny day. I was able to finish cooking some breakfast just as the small propane tank emptied, so our coffee was lukewarm. It was relaxing as a small breeze was blowing thru. We decided to take a short hike to look around and when we got back we realized we did not have any other campers within a mile or so of our secluded site.

I told Pam that I needed to run into the small local town and get some propane and a few other items we had forgot on such short notice. Pam asked me to pick up a little more rum, so I told her I would be back in an hour or two. When I was leaving camp my wife was mixing the last of our rum supply in a pitcher.

I had to make several stops in town to pick up everything we needed and then head back to the site. I pulled into the parking for our site at about 1:30 and started my hike back to the site. I was almost back when I instinctively stopped in my tracks. Ahead of me I saw four, no five young men who appeared to be 18 or so years of age hiding in the brush. I stood confused for a few moments until I focused ahead at our camp site and saw my wife lying face down on a towel sunbathing. Looking closer Pam had on her headphones, the drink pitcher was almost empty and... Then it hit me, she must have decided she did not want any tan lines because she was not wearing a stitch of clothing. 

As I crept up on the young men I noticed a couple of them had a hand down their bathing suits playing with themselves. I startled one of the young men; he turned towards me in a frightened state and said " we're not doing anything mister". I raised a finger to my mouth to quit him and asked "what's going on?'. The young mans explained to me they were from the camp across the lake, they had swam around the fencing to spy on the Girl's camps. It was a slow day and they had not found anything interesting and kept exploring until they happened on our camp site.

The young men; Ryan, Logan, Danny, Carter and Billy were in various stages of growth with Billy standing barely five foot tall. Ryan, who seemed to be the leader of the group, said they were trying to spy on the girl's showers but the girl's camps were empty. Ryan said only a couple of them had seen a real girl naked; he hid in a bathroom closet to spy on his sister and Billy had peaked thru the door at his aunt's house when she was changing cloths.

For some strange reason the young man's explanation was having an effect on me and my mind was moving a mile a minute when without thinking I blurted out "would you like a closer look?" The young men looked a little confused but without speaking each of them began nodding yes. I told them to be quit and lead them to the front of the clearing until we were between my wife and the water. 

Standing with the young men at the base of my wife's feet they had a clear view up her legs to her ass. Pam had her legs close together so you could only get a glimpse of her slit peeking from between her thighs and the two protruding round globes of her derriere with a small dimple between them like a funnel to her anus. 

I began to notice my cock was rock hard and starting to ache and I also noticed all the young men seemed to have a tent in their bathing suits with several young mans' hands again working on their excitement. After a few minutes I stepped forward and nudged my wife's foot with mine. Pam barely stirred so I nudged her foot again until she turned her head to look up and see what I needed.

Suddenly my wife must have realized her situation because she turned quickly and scrunched up in a ball so her knees were together against her chest with her arms wrapped around her legs covering as much of her nakedness as she could. With a surprised look on her face and red with embarrassment she scolded "what the hell is going on here?" 

With a relative calmness I explained to her that I came back from shopping and found the group watching her tan. I told her the boy's names and also told her that Logan, Danny and Carter had said they had never seen a girl naked in real life before. 

My wife quipped back "what do you want me to do about it?"... I am not sure I was ready for the question because I stood in stunned silence for what seemed like minutes, not knowing what to say or do... 

Ryan blurted out "we'll show you ours if you show us yours"...

It seemed like an eternity before my wife said "what are you waiting for?"

Ryan looked at the other young mans and took the lead as he dropped his suit and out sprung a nice 6" cock that slapped his belly as it released. The other four young men took more time but finally all five were in a row with their suits around their ankles. Ryan looked the most mature of the group with a decent size shaft in both girth and length with a purple plum size knob at the end with Billy looking to be the last to reach puberty. Billy was only about 5 foot tall; he had a couple sporadic pubic hairs around his cock that was bright purple and straining to reach three inches in length. 

Pam scanned the young men's members from one end of the line to the other and then slowly put her arms behind her and leaned back in a sitting position with her knees still closely together. The young men seemed to be staring very intently as her breasts were now fully exposed. One member of the group reached down to grab his cock but my wife quickly scolded "don't touch".

Pam slowly spread her legs about six inches which caused the guys at the end of the line to push for a better view. Pam asked "what do you think?" They seemed mesmerized as they mumbled their incoherent approval. "Do you want to see more?" was her next question. 

There was a quick, overwhelming and polite chorus of "please", "yes mam" and "yes thank you" comments from the group. Still sitting on the ground, leaning slightly back and her feet close together my wife slowly spread her knees wider. From my viewpoint behind the boys you could see my wife's hairy beaver, then her meat lips became visible and then finally her lower lips started parting slightly to expose her pink inner folds.

There was a lot of ohhhhs and awwwws as several of the young mans were starting to play with their cocks as my wife again told them again not to touch. Several of the guys began grumbling, probably due to their balls starting to hurt as she lay on her back and opened her legs. 

Pam told Billy to come over and knee down between her legs. She put her hand on Billy's chest as he quickly tried to lean forward to mount her. His body trembled as she reached down to take his whole cock in her hand. She shifted her body towards him until her cunt was directly below his shaft. With her legs wrapped around his small body my wife positioned his cock between her pussy lips and the head against her clitoris and slowly started to undulate her pelvis. 

My wife was already wet as her juices covered his little cock. Billy's face contorted like he was in severe pain as my wife increased the pace and pressure of her meat lips against his little pecker as it almost disappeared in the folds. In less than 30 seconds a jet of clear fluid spewed out of his cock and hit my wife in the chin, followed by a handful of smaller spews filling her belly button as he groaned and slumped forward onto her stomach. 

The group was arguing about who was next and who was going to have sex with her when Pam cut off the discussions and told them if they were nice she would take care of each of them but no one would be "fucking her". 

They were stunned by her response and seemed a little disappointed by her comment. The young men livened up when she sat up and took Carter's hand and pulled his body towards hers, put her hands on his ass took his whole five inch cock in her mouth. He let out an "oh my god" as she started a slow swallowing motion on his cock. 

To my surprise Billy was still hard and moved behind Pam's left shoulder and started rubbing his cock that was still covered with semen at the crook of her neck and shoulder as she worked on the cock in her mouth. The two started working in tandem and groaning. Billy came first; he lasted almost a minute this time as his fluid spewed on Carter's stomach. Carter was too close to cumming and did not seem to notice as he moaned "oh fuck" grabbing my wife's head and bucking in her mouth. As his body convulsed Carter lost his balance falling to his right knee with his cock still spurting as it freed from my wife's mouth.

The group was cracking up at Carter's fall, except for Logan who was next in line. He was quick to step forward and shove his cock toward my wife. Pam put a hand on his thigh to slow him and kept him a short distance away. My wife must have had over ideas on this one because she shifted her position so she was below Logan's cock and proceeded to start licking his scrotum.

As her tongue would touch his balls they would involuntarily contract to pull away. Pam continued this torture for several minutes while Logan was groaning, turning red and beginning to sweat. Logan's cock was only a little over five inches long but appeared to be as thick as my wife's wrist. Pam would cup her lips and move to the underside of his shaft in a back and forth motion purposely avoiding contact with the now deep purple colored knob at the end. 

She kept this up until Logan would start moaning loudly and bucking his ass and then she would purposely pull away and start teasing his balls again to keep him from cumming. Logan looked like he was in agony and had broken out into a full sweat, his cock dribbling a steady stream of precum that formed a straight line to my wife's shoulder and down her back. Logan tried several times to reach down take care of his pressure by himself but my wife stopped his hand each time. His groans had almost grown painful sounding when my wife must have decided to comfort his needs as she sped up the action on the whole underside of his cock purposely concentrating her tongue on the head. 

Ryan was behind Logan and propped him up when his knees buckled slightly as his cock erupted. His cock spit out at least 15 spurts of cum, the guys in front of Logan had to dodge his fist gush that spurt well over five feet. After the fifth or sixth spew his cum started landing on my wife's leg and then her back. The last handful of spasms pumped a thick oozing flow out of his cock onto her lips causing several gooey streams of cum down her chin forming a glob that would hang from her jaw before plopping onto her chest.

The group was now openly cheering my wife as Logan finished and Ryan moved in front of her. Danny had to push Billy out of the way to get next in line followed by Billy and Carter rock hard again. Ryan's cock was already dripping some precum without anybody touching him as my wife took him all the way in her throat on the first mouthful. Ryan tried to keep his cool but started vigorously fucking her mouth and held her head tight as his ass clinched and his sperm filled her throat. Danny was quick to replace him and took less than a minute to use her throat for another deposit. 

My wife looked at the line funny because as Billy stepped forward, Carter was behind him and Ryan was stepping to the back of the line with his cock fully engorged again. Pam wet her middle finger with some of the cum on her leg as she took Billy's entire cock and his balls in her mouth. My wife began a swallowing motion on his small prick as she reach around to use her finger on his ass hole. 

Billy was moaning but it turned to a loud chant and his eyes grew wide as she slipped her finger in his ass. His body was convulsing as my wife had him on the verge of cumming in under a minute for the third time. When Billy finished and pulled his cock from my wife's mouth it was the first time I had seen his penis limp.

The others shoved forward but my wife stopped them and said "I took care of all of you like I promised but I need to take a break". The young mans seemed disappointed and complaining, still sporting their flags at full mast when Ryan spoke up that they needed to get back for assembly and diner. They all thanked my wife as they took in their last looks at her naked body, dressing slowly then turned to walk back towards camp.

I barely let them get out of view as I checked to make sure they were gone. I went back and immediately stuck my head between Pam's thighs. She seemed to be enjoying the work as I moved up a little and found all the sperm Billy had dumped on her stomach. It was still gooey as I started lapping it up from her belly button. It was different than I expected but in a weird good way. 

It had probably only been a couple minutes but my cock was hurting from aching. I took her hand and led her into the tent, laid her down on the air mattress and bottomed out her wet cunt in one push. I was not slow as I pounded her as fast as I could. I started to moan as my wife kept saying "not yet" but it was no use, I was filling her cunt with my load. I apologized several times as she looked aggravated and walked down to the water the clean off as I rolled over to rest. 

When I woke up my wife said she was getting hungry and we cooked some burgers. After we ate we were relaxing when Pam wanted to mix up a batch of the new rum I got in town. We were roasting marshmallows for desert a little later when I heard some rustling in the bushes. I saw the young man Ryan from earlier in the day and waved him forward. As the young men walked forward I noticed they were wearing their uniform shorts and shirts.

I looked at them strangely because I saw a couple faces that I had not seen earlier and Ryan spoke up "we brought a couple friends". When they all got in to camp I counted twelve young men, one was a little older and I found out he was an assistant leader. Ryan noted they had finished diner and were out exploring and did not have to be back until 9:30. 

The young men sat in a circle around the camp laughing and joking with my wife. She had already polished off nearly half the pitcher of rum by herself so she was not feeling any pain. Pam got up a little later and announced she was going to take a swim as the guys egged her on. My wife into the tent and came out wearing a white bikini I had never seen her wear before, the bottom was nothing more than a little string between her butt cheeks which was barely visible.

The water was clear so when she stepped in and as she bent over the string disappeared in her crack making it look like she was nude. I heard a couple of the whispers "I told you so", "holy shit" and a portion of a couple lewd comments. My wife swam and splashed in the water for short while knowing all of the eyes were on her. When she finally climbed out of the water, she stood on the bank taking her time to make sure that every part of her body was completely wiped down before she slipped on a thin white shirt. 

As she walked back to the campsite, all of the young men's eyes were glued on her. She stopped to get her glass, added ice and filled it to the brim with another drink. All twelve guys were squirming in their shorts trying to hide flag poles that started forming the minute Pam walked into the water and she had done nothing that would discourage their condition. I had to bite my tongue to keep from laughing at their discomfort. 

Pam had already finished half her drink when she plopped into her low rise lounge chair. She quickly finished her drink and asked me to come over and give her a refill. When I was filling her glass I looked down and noticed she was not sitting very ladylike, with the low chair and her legs open you could see her pussy lips peeking out from the thin white strip of material between her legs. Pam noticed the young men's stares and had no doubt what they were staring at, but she just smiled and finished another drink.

Pam had asked the group about their camping skills and which ones they were working to get on this trip. One of the young mans mentioned Wilderness Survival he was completing and talked about starting a fire without matches. My wife acted really interested about that one and asked the young man to show her how it was done. Several others gathered some twigs and dry grass, leaves and bark while the young man got a stone and some flint and started sparking them together.

Ryan asked Pam if she would assist them and helped her out of the chair. The alcohol had taken effect because Pam leaned on Ryan and another young man for support. The guys helped my wife kneel and then told her she needed to bend over real close and to blow on the sparks when the leaves started smoldering. When she got on her hands and knees to bend down and blow on the fire a cluster of guys formed behind her to look at her ass. 
