 One of my industries biggest suppliers was throwing a large holiday bash on New Year's Eve at one of the larger, swankier hotels in town. The night of the party my wife was nervous, she didn't like her dress and she didn't think her hair was right. Pam said, "Why should I care how I look, with all the big-boobed beauties Carl will have on hand no will ever notice me." I mentioned in earlier stories that I work in a predominantly male industry and the owner of this supplier was known to throw some raucous rowdy events.

From a women's perspective I guess I could understand why my wife would think that, although I did not agree: she looked sexy and I told her so. She was wearing a bright red dress that was short enough to show off her athletic legs and low cut in the front which exposed glimpses of her black lace plunge bra. Although small-busted Pam's breasts were pushed up and shown off with the miracle bra she had discovered. I was turned on by how she looked and started rubbing her shoulders but she scolded me to look but don't touch, she had makeup to put on.

On the way to the party, I warned Pam there might be some things happening at the party that she would not approve of but to keep an open mind. She sighed and started to say something then stopped and then she said she would enjoy the night for me. When we got to the hotel there were multiple parties and crowds of people everywhere. The party we were attending was in one of the medium size ballrooms with a bar, a band stage and tables setup over a dance floor. It was a nice setup some festive temporary curtains on the side walls and Carl had ten or twelve scantily clad working type girls in festive outfits as hostesses to entertain the guys. 

I told my wife I would run over and get us a couple drinks from the bar. Walking there I met a friend from out of town and chatted. I suddenly realized I had left my wife alone for nearly a half hour and hurried back with the drinks. I was relieved to find that my wife had immersed herself talking to a couple guys and was chatting animatedly. However, when I offered her the drink, it was clear that I was in trouble as she snarled at me to "buzz off." The guys gathered around my wife were from my office; Patrick, Claudio and Kenny. They were single guys that had been to our Christmas party a several years ago seemed to be staying overly close to my wife hoping for a repeat of her slutty activities. Worse they knew my wife's weakness and were coercing her to drink faster than she normally would.

I went and started talking with other people around the party but every time I looked back my wife seemed to be the center of attention. What started as a couple guys seemed to be growing by one or two each time I looked over and was now a small group. The guys were acting like they thought they were on to a good thing. Patrick, Claudio and Kenny were joined by Ricky from my office and were taking charge of the gathering around my wife, giving her drinks faster than she could finish them. As the evening progressed the tables were cleared from the dance floor the band started playing.

By about 10:30 it seemed as if a lot of couples had left and I sat half drunk by on the edge of the dance floor. The room was still a little crowded and I realized that my wife seemed to be the star of the show, at least for her group of admirers. Pam had always liked the attention from guys and enjoyed flirting and when the dancing started she did not turn down any invitations. She was dancing every dance and with a whole string of different men. The dance floor darkened, the music got slower and the dancing got more intimate as Pam was nestling close in the arms of her partners. It was obvious her petite body was being groped while her partners slowly rubbed themselves against her. I could tell by Pam's movement that she was falling prey to the alcohol she had been drinking because she was not very stable on her heels 

The later it got the more the music seemed to get louder. It also became difficult to keep track of Pam because the lights became dimmer, although I could see she had progressed to locking both hands around the neck of most of her partners. This was clearly giving them opportunity to run their hands over the thin silk dress covering my wife's bottom. In the far corner of the room there was a small alcove that was almost pitch black because of the lack of lighting and a long draped curtain at the rear that partially block the view from the main floor. It became obvious to me her dance partners were purposely steering her back to that area so their activities would be obscured by the extra darkness and the curtain.

Between songs when my wife passed me as she came off the dance floor, she looked more flushed and fidgety every time I saw her. Although I had expected her to keep the guys at bay they continued to loosen her up by pushing her to drink more and then taking her directly back to the dark corner of the floor. All of her partners held her as close as possible and rubbed themselves against her during the slow numbers. As they were dancing I noticed the guys were beginning to rest a hand on her chest. When I looked closely it appeared they were massaging her tits. All this attention was having an effect because as the evening wore on my wife became more aroused by the activities. She was also still upset at being deserted so to get even she seemed to be purposely giving her partner's more access to her body. The band played slow numbers and couples on the floor were dancing close with their lips locked together and fondling seemed to be the rule, not the exception. 

My wife was following suit as she began to allow her partners to lick her neck, nibble her ears and then to lock their lips to hers. Her excitement mounted as she openly let them slide their hands down her body to caress her small breasts and ass. After each dance she grabbed another drink, joking and flirting with the group. I could tell my wife was tanked from the alcohol and her performance for the group confirmed she was worked up. During the next dance Patrick was molesting Pam's body without any complaints. My wife came off the floor acting giddily as she appeared to purposely drop her napkin and deliberately turned with her back to the group to bend over to pick it up. Pam kept her legs straight as she slowly bent at the waist causing her short dress to rise up her thighs. As her hands got below her knees my wife was giving the guys a glimpse of her panties riding up her ass and the fabric disappearing up her female slit. Pam was about to reach the napkin when she wobbled forward in her heels and immediately hands groped her body as they pretended to help her straighten up. Claudio was behind my wife and I noticed her pull his hand from between her legs as she fixed her dress and tried to regain her composure.

Pam had worked the group to a frenzied state as she was immediately escorted back to the dance floor. She quickly responded to the searching lips and allowed her partner's wandering hand to slide into the top of her dress and caress her breasts through her bra. With each new partner my wife got bolder and allowed their hands to ease her bra to the side and caress her nipples. The band announced it was almost midnight and proceeded with the customary countdown. Everybody at the table goaded my wife to take a couple of shots as she downed them to their cheers. The guys lined up as they dimmed the lights on the dance floor again so you could barely see the outlines of the people dancing.

Claudio immediately got Pam on the floor and back to the corner and was able to get both her breasts exposed showing her rock hard nipples. There was little attempt to dance, just sticking his tongue down my wife's throat and groping her tits. My wife stopped the first of his many attempts to get his hands up her skirt and at the end of the dance she straightened her cloths and returned to the group and her glass. The next song Claudio quickly went to get her to dance again just as a young boy asked her to dance. "That's tricky," Pam laughed. "I can't dance with both of you." "Why not?" asked the boy who seemed very young and disappointed with her response. They both quickly took a hand and led my wife to the floor. They wasted little time getting her to the dark corner moving her as close to the curtain as they could to obscure the activities from the room. As Pam slipped into Claudio's embrace the young boy moved in behind her while sliding his hands around her torso. Claudio kissed her passionately, so she responded and clasped her hands around his neck. The boy behind my wife soon had a hand into the plunging neck line of her dress. 

I had mingled towards the back of the room for a better view as I noticed my wife's bra was pushed further down and both of her breasts were exposed. Claudio had one hand gripping each tit, stroking her hard firm nipples. It appeared one of the guys had brought their son to the party, he was very young and inexperienced but was horny enough grab her by the side and pull her body towards his to rub the member straining to form a tent in the front of his pants against my wife's lower openings through the rear of her dress. The thrill of the kiss, the caresses of her breast, and the movement of the obviously stiff male organ against her female goodies added to her rising excitement. The boy took liberties as Pam allowed him to reach down and massage her female reproductive parts through the front or her dress. 

My wife was continually on the defensive trying to fend off the hands groping her from lifting her skirt to put the remainder of her body on exhibit. Suddenly my wife turned her head toward the boy with her eyes wide open and a surprised look on her face, the boy had his hand sliding across the bare flesh of her stomach. From behind her he had found the side zip of her dress slid it open and his hand was quickly caressing her panty covered clit. Pam looked like she was about to say something when her back stiffened. My wife's surprised look had changed to a look of elation as her arms eased to her side and she slid one foot to the side to open her thighs for the hand massaging her cunt. She rolled her head onto Claudio's shoulder as the boy must have shifted her panties to find the entrance to her piss slit because my wife's eyes closed as she writhe her hips with the movement of his hand.

The teen did not look for consent as he quickly moved directly behind my wife. Looking closer I realized the boy had already unzipped his pants and had an above average size cock standing at full attention in front of him. My wife was in a daze as the boy slowly bent her forward at the waist. She must have been wet from all the attention she was getting because the boy guided his cock with one hand and the other lifting my wife's dress and shifting her panties shoved his whole cock in my wife's cunt to her loud approval. Claudio stepped forward spread Pam's ass cheeks wide so the group could see my wife's pussy lips clinging to the young dick sliding in and out of her little furry slit. The group had lined up in front of my wife being fucked so we would not call any more attention to our activities than we already had. As I was checking to make sure we weren't making a scene I turned back to see two guys with their cocks out pushing my wife's head down to service their needs. Pam was only sucking the heads of the cocks into her mouth; you could see her tongue swirling around the shaft and the knob pressing against the inside of her cheek. A moan from the teenager brought my attention back to the cock in Pam's cunt. The boy had only been fucking my wife for a minute as he grabbed her sides tightly as he pounded her quickly, stiffened as he dumped his load and then slumped over Pam's back as she continued her thrusting against his body for more. 

Claudio, who must have been hoping for a repeat of our Christmas party, had figured out that the side wall was actually a folding partition and opened into an adjoining small vacant lounge area. He had opened the partition slightly at the corner and ushered the group into the room which was dimly lit by a couple lights and looked like it was in the middle of a renovation. The area was mostly empty but had a temporary front door to the main hallway, a back door, a couple older couches and tables and a rolled up carpet. As the group finished filtering through the opening and Claudio closed the partition behind us. I counted eleven guys including the boy plus myself and my wife. The group was crowding my wife as she told everyone to stop and she backed up a few feet from the group.

With the sound of the music still playing in the background my wife started swaying to the beat and reached to unzip the rest of her dress. Pam slowly and rhythmically started teasing as the group cheered her on she slowly began lowering her dress. As she got the dress past her chest you could see her nipples were still above her bra. She teased a little more as she got to her waist lowering one side then the other so her red silk panties came to view. As she got the dress to her thighs you could see her panties were wet and discolored in her crotch from the young boy's cum. As the dress got to the floor she took one step out and then kicked the dress out of the way. 

A couple of guys moved toward her but she stuck up one finger and waved it back and forth saying "not so fast" stopping their advance. She was stunning standing there in her heels with nothing but her red panties and her bra, my wife's nipples exposed above the lace on top. Pam slowly removed her bra and swayed with the music until her back was to the guys. My wife enticed the group to the growing chants as she coaxed her panties down on each side exposing one cheek then the other. Then Pam arched her back to thrust her little panty clad bubble butt to the loud cheers. With one finger on each side of her panties she bent forward and lowered them to the bottom of her cheeks to display her crevice. My wife was still swaying to the music as she pushed her panties lower and her cunt lips started peeking out from the hair between her thighs like a cream filled pastry with boy cream still oozing out. She continued the show for the guys; as her underwear reached the floor my wife's ass cheeks were now spread which put her tightly closed little puckered anal orifice on display. Pam put one hand on each cheek to spread her ass further and expose the little pink wrinkled button with the slightly darker surrounding ring. My wife then expanded and contracted her sphincter to cause her asshole to wink at the guys. The group was hooting and hollering. My wife rose up she turned back to us she was a beautiful sight with her pert B cup beasts, nipples at attention and her brunette bush already matted at the bottom from the young boys cum.

Pam stopped the guys again and purposely stood there for second looking at the group with a quizzing look, grinned and said "this isn't fair; I am the only one naked." It was a blur as twelve guys ripped off our cloths and threw them to the floor. As the guys approached Pam she stopped them again and instructed us to gather in a circle around her. My wife knelt in front of an older guy I did not recognize who had wandered in with the group. She took his hands in each of hers, lowered her head and started licking his nut sack which appeared to be hanging nearly six inches below his cock. Pam took one then the other in her mouth and continued up the bottom side of his shaft. His cock must have been almost eight inches long but drooped over her face from not being fully hard. As my wife got to the head of his cock she caught the pre-cum that oozed from his piss opening with tip of her tongue. The guy must have been close to cumming because he moaned loudly as she took the head of his cock in her mouth. My wife started to quickly swallow over half his shaft you could see his hands clinch hers tighter and he started bucking his ass to shove his cock deeper using her mouth as a fuck hole. His body began to convulse as my wife took him in her throat and swallowed his load without spilling a drop.

The older gentleman had to sit down as my wife moved to the next guy in the circle and started the same process. The second guy did not last much longer only this time as the guy was cumming Pam opened her mouth and jacked his cock so everyone could see the jets of white baby fluid squirted into her mouth, on her face and down her chin. The next guy in line was wanking his cock and came at almost the same time, splashing her tits with a couple jets of cum. The guys were starting to get antsy but she scolded them to stay in place. Pam then stood up and walked in front of the next hard cock in the circle. She took his hands as she stepped close and started kissing him sticking her cum covered tongue in his mouth. She slowly turned her back to him and placed his hands on her tits. My wife then guided the shaft his cock into the moist crevice between her ass cheeks. She arched her back and began a slow undulating movement of her ass up and down the shaft of his cock. The pre-cum was flowing from the open end of his cock as she sped up the grinding on his shaft. The guy was bucking his ass and panting loudly as he started splashing cum over my wife's back and ass to the loud cheers of the group. Ricky from my office was next as Pam started the same tactic on his cock. My wife was grinding her cum covered ass crack on Ricky's hard shaft but he was apparently too worked up and could not take the torment any longer. As my wife rode her ass up his pole Ricky wrapped his arms around her and he quickly bent at his knees to position his cock and then jerked forward shoving his throbbing male organ balls deep into her cunt. Pam almost fell over as he pounded her a half dozen times and spasmed as he splashed her insides with more seminal fluid. 

My wife must have been frustrated with how quickly Ricky had cum so she had a couple guys roll out the carpet as she lay down with her legs spread wide. With one hand tweaking her nipples the other was sliding one then two and three fingers inside her cunt. You could hear the slurping sound of her fingers going in and out of her soaking pussy as several guys stroking their cocks over my wife started spewing their loads splattering across her chest and face. Pam was oblivious as her moans got louder she started to shake violently causing her naked body to shudder and tremble to a huge orgasm. She was moaning loudly as she squeezed her hand tightly between her thighs and her body quivered and jerked. Pam slowly spread her legs to display the flood of juices all over her hand and had left a large wet spot on the carpeting underneath her. Her pussy lips were swollen from the pleasure she had just given herself and you could see the pinkness of her inner folds. My wife looked up at the group smiling and said, "do I have to do all the work around here?" With that she reached up and began stroking the cock closest to her and placed her mouth over it and ran her tongue up its underside, then all over it. Finally after playing with it she stuck it in her mouth, slowly at first then engulfed all of it. With her free hand she was reaching behind her as she knelt spreading her ass apart and began fingering her asshole.

There were hard cocks surrounding wife but Kenny and Patrick from my office were the most aggressive and obviously intending to plug one or both of her holes. Kenny had moved behind Pam and was rubbing his cock up and down her ass crack while Patrick had slid underneath her and was beginning to suck on her breasts. The attention she was getting now caused her to increase her motion on the cock in her mouth. She was pumping the cock with one hand while sucking on it when it suddenly exploded in her mouth unleashing several large loads of cum down her throat. Pam will try to swallow everything that she can suck out of a cock but looking up at me she purposely took the cock out of her mouth and let it finish shooting its load all over her face and down her breasts.
