 "And in conclusion, I would like to reiterate that if we don't continue to move in a direction that will leverage both open online courses and the emerging mobile platform we may all find ourselves looking for new jobs in the very near future."

There was a round of applause as Pamela Jensen stepped down from the stage and resumed her seat in the front row of the main auditorium of the Hilton hotel. Pam sat beside her good friend and colleague, Toni Owen. The pair were on the final afternoon of a three-day conference in which Pam was one of the keynote presenters; she had just finished speaking on the future of higher education. The forty-one-year-old woman was used to public speaking and was hardly perturbed by the experience. Mostly, she hoped her words did not fall on deaf ears, and those in attendance took something of significance away from her speech. If not for the sake of the educational institutions, at the very least for the students.

"That was very good," Toni leaned over and whispered to Pam when she settled beside her. "I'm very proud of you."

Pam gave Toni a sideways glance and blushed. When Bruce died, aside from her daughter, Julie, Toni was the one stable factor in Pam's life that she'd been able to consistently rely upon. When everything else seemed to be falling apart, Pam found a solid foundation in her good friend, who she had known since they first met at university in their late teens. Like Pam, Toni was single, although certainly not for lack of looks. Toni had a pretty face and warm, open manner that was both charming and inviting. Her long, auburn hair looked bewitching and wild when it wasn't pulled up in a tight bun for work. The full-figured woman's smooth, unblemished, white skin and large, green eyes complimented her ruddy locks wonderfully. 

Toni's natural charm, intelligence and sharp wit came with a dose of feminine beauty that most men could only dream of having access to. But that was kind of the problem for the forty-year-old Director of Finance. Men always tried so hard to please her and she found most of them were quite unrefined. She had never had time for the 'lad' culture and, once she hit her thirties, the affable beauty realised that there was really only one age of man that interested her—young and carefree—with ample innocence and lashings of handsomeness thrown in. Until they made a forty-year-old man that was still in the shape of a teenager and was wise enough to keep up in conversation with her, she would probably stick to her fantasies. Which didn't mean she wasn't open to the idea of meeting someone new, it's just that his ring finger also needed to be vacant.

At dinner, Pam and Toni discussed various parts of the conference they found interesting and both concluded they were looking forward to getting home the following day. While the opportunity to network was great, it had also led to overstimulation, which the pair were unaccustomed to. Both naturally introverted and shy, they were looking forward to getting back to the privacy of their respective homes.

"So, how's the new housemate working out?" Toni asked as the pair perused their menus.

"Oh yeah... David. It's going well." Pam tried to feign nonchalance even though her chance encounter with David the weekend before had been playing on her mind ever since. Taking a risk and propositioning the young man to play with his penis while she looked on had certainly paid off wonderfully. Not only had the young man produced his erection for Pam's approval, but he'd also helped himself to Pam's breasts before depositing a nice load of sticky, white seed all over her lovely, ripe fruit. "I think I'll have the seared salmon," Pam swallowed hard, attempting to shift the subject.

"I was looking at that, too. With a side of salad and sweet-potato fries, I think. Yum." Toni closed her menu and placed it on the side of the table. "So, do tell. What's he like? How old is he?"

"He's ummm, eighteen," Pam continued looking at the menu even though she knew perfectly well what she wanted. She didn't dare look her good friend in the eyes, lest she see the truth about how flustered the mere thought of her young housemate made her.

"And good-looking?"

Pam closed her menu and looked across the table at her friend. She unconsciously pressed her lips together, as if that would somehow prevent her from telling the truth.

Toni's eyes widened, "Oh my God!" She paused and lowered her voice, "You're sleeping with him, aren't you?"

"No!" Pam blushed profusely. "Stop it! I mean, no. No, I'm not sleeping with him."

"But, you like him?" More than anyone, Toni appreciated how intoxicating a young man like David could be.

"He's a nice boy," Pam smiled. "Really nice. Look, if I tell you something you have to promise to keep it to yourself, okay?"

"Seriously, who am I going to tell? Of course. You know me—you can trust me. Now spill!"

Toni sat mesmerised as Pam recounted her story of peeping through the keyhole of her bedroom door and spying on David. The grin on Toni's face widened as Pam described how she'd seen David showering the night they'd ordered pizza together.

Toni took a sip of water and swallowed hard, "I am sooo jealous."

The sudden appearance of the waiter interrupted their conversation and the ladies hastily placed their orders.

"Waiters always have such poor timing," Toni chided softly when the young man departed.

"God, I've been dying to tell someone," Pam felt relieved that she was finally able to share the experience with her best friend.

"You know you can tell me anything. And shame on you for not saying anything sooner!"

"I know, it's just I promised I would keep it a secret. I kind of feel bad."

"Well, you know me. And I won't tell a soul. But I want details, young lady." Toni grinned. "Seriously," she leaned forward in her chair, "what's it, ummm, what's it like?"

"Long and clean-cut," Pam replied matter-of-factly. "Pretty damn nice, actually," the lovely lady grinned from ear-to-ear, feeling remarkably proud of her recent experience.

Toni sat back in her chair and her jaw dropped. Pam never swore. "SO jealous!"

Pam smiled cheekily, "I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since." She paused thoughtfully, "You know I didn't quite tell you the whole story."

Toni looked startled, "There's more?"

Pam continued her story, recalling how she had taken a chance with David—propositioning him to masturbate while she sat with him—which had culminated in the young lad ejaculating all over her bare breasts.

Toni sat shocked and glanced about the restaurant in disbelief as if to say, "Did anyone else see that?" She blushed red with embarrassment. "You are so bad! I love it. I'm not jealous anymore. Now I'm just stunned. Who are you and what did you do with my best friend?"

The pair laughed together, privately aware that, between their legs, they were suitably saturated. Pam cocked her head self-consciously. "You know what? Why don't you come around for dinner next Saturday night? It would be a chance to meet my gorgeous, young stud?"

Toni raised an eyebrow and gazed at Pam cheekily, "So, now he's your gorgeous, young stud, huh?"

"Well, girls his age seem oblivious to what he's got; otherwise he'd surely be taken. In the meantime, he's young and impressionable. He's perfect. And you know me, I'm not adverse to sharing. I would love to see what you think." Pam smiled mischievously. 

Toni took another sip of water and had to prevent herself from choking. The possibilities were limitless.

The following Saturday night, Toni arrived at Pam's house at five. David was still at the bookshop and Pam felt somewhat apprehensive about how Toni would respond to her young housemate. She really hoped she liked him.

When David arrived home, it was much to Pam's delight that Toni didn't hide a genuine sense of enchantment when being introduced.

"It's nice to meet you," David smiled shaking Toni's hand politely. Turning to Pam, the look on the young lad's face was perfectly unpretentious, "I'm late, Pam—sorry! Do I have time to shower before dinner?" The warm day and ride home on his bike had the teen hot and flustered. "It's so hot in the storeroom," he sighed.

"Of course there's time—we're still preparing dinner, so go ahead," Pam smiled warmly. She loved David's boyish innocence and sincere desire to please.

"Okay, cool—I'll be back down soon."

David was already halfway up the stairs when Pam called out to him, "Oh, Dave?" He looked back down to the bottom of the stairs where Pam held the railing looking up at him. "I left a little something on your bed... I picked it up for you while I was away at the conference. I thought you might like," Pam winked at him. The young man was intrigued.

Returning to the kitchen, Pam pursed her lips and looked at her good friend apprehensively.

Toni smiled, "Oh my God, Pam. He is sooo nice..."

"I hope buying those shorts wasn't too much."

"I'm sure he'll love them."

In his room, David found a small paper bag with a note and a pair of blue, check, cotton boxer shorts inside. He read the note, 'Thanks for looking after the house while I was away. I saw these in a store and thought you might like them. Feel free to wear them to dinner! PS: shirts are optional :)' David held up the shorts; he loved them. Being a student, he loved anything free, especially when it had a designer label. Removing his clothes, he slipped into the bathroom and turned on the shower.

Downstairs, the ladies' attention was piqued by the sound of water running through the pipes. Pam was busy dicing a mango for a fresh, leafy salad. The look on her face was perfectly suggestive as she looked up at Toni, "You know, you can get a good look into the bathroom through the keyhole."

Toni's eyes lit up with enthusiasm, "Really?"

"Just don't get caught!"

"Are you sure?"

Pam crinkled her nose playfully and motioned towards the hallway, "Go on. You know you're curious..."

Toni gently crept up the stairs and onto the top floor. She knew she had but a small window of opportunity to catch a glimpse of Pam's young housemate without his clothes. The bathroom door was closed—the sound of water splashing in the bathtub emanated from beyond. Carefully making her way over to the rustic cedar door, the pretty lady could feel her heart pounding in her chest. She was breathless and beset with an unusual blend of guilt and desire; she'd never spied on anyone before. Leaning in, Toni grasped the doorframe and pressed an eye to the keyhole under the old-fashioned knob. She peered through and whispered, "Oh God, please let me see."

The view across the room was unmistakable. David stood in the clawfoot tub running a bar of soap up and down his left arm—his body was glistening wet. Carefully placing the soap in the holder on the edge of the bath, the teenager stood out from under the water and sudsed under his arms and across his chest. Toni struggled to compose herself as she indulged in the sight of the young man's bare skin and long, lean muscles; her body was awash with adrenaline and she was completely on edge. Pulling her head back from the door, she could feel she was shaking—the fear of being caught peeking was palpable—not only did she have both hands in the cookie jar, she was covered in crumbs as well. Instinctually glancing up and down the hall, she took a deep breath to steady her nerves before looking back through again. 

David was now washing his torso and facing the door. Toni realised she had a perfect view of his penis, hanging long and loose between the young teenage lad's legs. It had been some time since she'd seen a boy's bare cock and David's was a lovely specimen. His smooth, velvety shaft had streaks of soap suds running down it and dripping from its prominent head. Quite clearly circumcised, his pink glans looked raw and unprotected as it dangled freely between his legs. Running a hand down over his stomach, David scooped up his balls and washed under them. Tossing his testicles and penis around in his soapy hands, he gave them a quick, yet thorough, cleansing. His dick responded to the stimulation by lengthening in his hand and rising up several inches in front of him. Of course, he had no idea that beyond the door, Pam's best friend could see his beautiful, young prick sitting perfectly vulnerable as it swelled and became semi-erect. 

Toni swallowed hard, "Oh my goodness."

David soaped across his shoulders and put his head under the shower to rinse off. He arched his back and thrust out his pelvis, inadvertently offering Toni a wonderfully revealing view of his jutting cock and bulging testicles blatantly displayed in front of him. White suds and water gushed down his torso and spilled from his mushroomed glans. David turned to wash his face and Toni admired his lean, muscular back and firm bum cheeks. What wouldn't she give to be in there with him, helping herself to his lithe, young body? Bending over, he switched off the hot and cold taps and provided his furtive admirer a satisfying glimpse of his tight, young balls peeking back between his legs. As the water gurgled in the drain, he stepped out of the bath and reached for his towel, none the wiser as Toni dashed away from the door and darted back downstairs.

Pam was tossing a splash of French dressing through her salad when Toni walked back into the kitchen. She noticed Toni looked undeniably guilty.

"I just spied on your houseguest while he showered. I can't believe I did that."

"So, how was it?" Pam grinned.

"Amazing. I mean, wow, I was shaking so much." She paused and added in a hushed tone, "And I was so unbelievably wet."

"Spying on him can have that effect, can't it?" Pam was thrilled that her best friend had had the opportunity to experience the same rush she had felt when David first moved in. "So, did you get a good look?" Pam was genuinely intrigued by what her friend had seen.

"Oh God, yes." Toni lowered her voice, "I mean, I could see his dick." She licked her lips, "And his balls. So nice... I can see why you let him cum all over you!"

"It wasn't all over me!" Pam blushed and added coyly, "just my boobs."

Back in his room, David could hear the ladies laughing downstairs as he removed his towel and stepped into his new shorts. The fit was perfect; they hugged his backside snugly and had just the right amount of room in front to allow a small level of modesty. He realised that if he went downstairs in just the shorts, they would be his only privacy protection. He would have to hope he didn't get an erection. In his new shorts, there would simply be no concealing it.

A few minutes later, David walked casually into the kitchen, where Pam and Toni were still preparing dinner. "Is there anything I can help with?"

Pam looked up from the salad that she'd just finished preparing, and her face beamed as she basked in the sight of her young housemate in just his new boxers. She felt surprisingly proud and looked over at Toni as if to say, "I did that!"

"Wow, those look amazing, Dave!" Pam couldn't contain her enthusiasm. "What do you think?" she glanced over at Toni expectantly, who was leaning against the kitchen bench.

"I helped pick them out," Toni winked at the young man. "Yep—those look really good."

"Ummm, yeah... thanks..." David replied self-consciously, feeling the weight of both ladies' eyes bearing down on his trim, taut frame. The nervousness soon dissipated as he realised both women were genuinely happy to be in his company.

"I think the only thing left for you to do is to set the table, if you'd like to take care of that," Pam smiled at David, feeling decidedly guilty that she had her housemate dressed in a small pair of shorts she bought for him, without a shirt and helping out with preparing for dinner. "What was I thinking?" she thought, "it's not like he's a toy."

Thankfully for Pam, David was in his element in the presence of two charming women who ogled his semi-naked body and marvelled at his cotton-covered backside as he strolled around the kitchen fetching placemats, knives and forks, salt and pepper, and anything else he could think of. He prepared three lime and soda drinks and sat at the head of the table, perfectly content.

"So, Pam tells me you are studying I.T.?" Toni enquired as she took a seat at the table beside the shirtless boy.

"Ummm, yeah."

"And you're enjoying it?" Toni let her eyes wander across David's clear green eyes and down across his strong jawline.

"Yeah—it's all kind of theory at the moment, though. I'm looking forward to getting into the practical stuff. Like web design. That sort of thing..."

"Any ideas where you want to end up?" Toni knew perfectly well that a person's favourite subject was themselves.

"Well, I've kind of been working on an idea. It's kind of a virtual dating service where women—mostly older women—can spend time with younger men online. I think they do something like that in Japan."

 "Sounds interesting," Toni raised her eyebrows. "So what would set you apart from the others?"

"I'm not Japanese," David grinned matter-of-factly and Toni laughed. "Seriously though, I have a few ideas, but that's kind of the catch, isn't it? Knowing exactly what women want in a virtual friendship. I think we live in a world where the gender roles have been kind of thrown into the air and we're waiting to see where they land. More women are independent with their own money, so I need to find out what they're wanting to spend it on..."

"Sounds like you've put some thought into it," Toni smiled and unconsciously stroked a lock of curly, red hair. David was a thinker—she loved that.

"And dinner is served," Pam interjected as she placed several bowls of salad and freshly steamed vegetables on the table.

After dinner, Toni retired to the lounge, while David and Pam attended to the dishes. Pam admired the curve of David's bare back and firm backside as he bent over the kitchen sink. "Those shorts look really good on you," she complimented him, unable to resist the urge to tug on the waistband. She wanted to touch him; to take a peek inside. The frisky lady stopped herself short at testing the elastic around his waist a little. "You know, I think they would look even better crumpled up on the floor."

David blushed, "Maybe later." He seemed hesitant. "You know—after Toni has gone home."

"I was actually hoping she could join the fun," Pam winked sheepishly and grabbed a plate to dry.

"Seriously?" David lowered his voice. He sounded intrigued and his penis was already lengthening down his leg. "I thought you wanted to keep things, you know, under the radar. Or does she already know?"

"Ummm, I guess she kind of knows," Pam squinted her eyes and looked at David with a forlorn, apologetic look. "But I swear, she can keep a secret."

"Unlike you?" David was a little disappointed. After all, he hadn't told anyone of their recent sexual encounter.

"Fair enough," Pam frowned. "I deserved that." She paused. "But I—we—can trust her. And I won't tell anyone else. I promise."

David pushed the dishcloth into a tumbler and squished it around inside.

"When I told her about our little meet-up, I think she was quite turned on," Pam brushed her hand against David's backside as she reached in and grabbed another plate to dry. "Besides," she looked at him cheekily, "she has really lovely breasts."

Up to his forearms in dishwater, David swallowed hard. Pam's friend was pretty—hot, even. Pushing against the cupboard door under the kitchen sink he managed to conceal his prick as it swelled between his legs. Any lingering disappointment with Pam had completely diminished.

"See you in the lounge in five?" Pam gave the young stud a pat on the backside, hung the tea towel, and left the kitchen with a freshly-brewed pot of herbal tea she'd prepared for her and Toni.
