 Dear Readers my name is Sahebji. This incident took place over a decade ago. 

I received a letter from my friend Raju insisting that I visit him. He further added that I would not be disappointed. I did not understand what he meant. Raju was my fellow student while we were studying for our undergraduate degree. We had come to know each other well but our association was cut short as Raju left college to join the armed forces. 

Raju was handsome and intelligent. He did well in the forces and reached a high rank at a young age. Raju was married and had a daughter Seema. When she was only 14 years old her mother died and a year later Raju married a 26 year old girl named Saroj. 

From what I gathered from Raju's regular correspondence was that both Seema and Saroj got along well with each other. When Seema was 18 years old she married a young up coming officer in the forces. 

As I could not visit Raju on any of the above occasions I decided to visit him. Another reason was that I needed to spend 4 to 6 weeks away from the stifling atmosphere of the city. 

One fine morning I found myself disembarking from the train at Raju's town. Raju was there to receive me. After exchanging greetings, we set off towards his home. On reaching the house I was introduced to Saroj, a beautiful, sensuous and sexy looking woman with a nice figure and large firm boobs. 

I was surprised to find Seema there. She explained that her husband had been posted to a non-family station and she had come to spend some months with her parents. She further revealed that she was 6 weeks pregnant. Seema was also very beautiful in her own way. She had a lovely figure and nice tits. Seema was also very forthright and determined and she usually got what she wanted. 

After all round congratulations we went in. Raju's house was quite large. On the ground floor there were the family rooms with a courtyard in the center. The first floor was only covered to the extent of 50 percent. There were two other members of the household, namely Kiran, a maid who helped Saroj in the kitchen and did all other odd jobs in the house. In other words her 'girl Friday'. She also lived with the family. Kiran was fair, slim with long black hair and nice large tits. 

The other girl was Lakshmi, also around the same age as Kiran. She came on duty in the mornings and left in the evening. Her job was sweeping, dusting and generally keeping the house clean. She was not fair but had a radiant smile. She had flashing black eyes, long black hair and her boobs were firm but not as large as Kiran's. My lund would have loved to meet their virgin choots. I was given a room on the first floor. After chatting for an hour or so I went up to my room to have a bath, shave and freshen up. 

During lunch I noticed that Seema was looking strangely at me and blushed at times. After lunch, when we were alone I asked her if something was worrying her and could I be of any help. She looked me straight in the eye and said that nothing was the matter and would I really help her if she needed help. I told her I would do anything within my power to help her. 

She laughed and said, "I will disclose it when the right time comes" and went away. 

After dinner Saroj asked me at what time in the morning I would like to have bed tea. I told her, as it was convenient to all. She said "I will ask Kiran to bring you your bed tea at 8 a.m.". 

"That would be just fine" I replied. Kiran had the type of kori choot (virgin cunt) my lund (cock) liked to make friends with. Well, I thought tomorrow morning I would have an opportunity to get acquainted with Kiran and with this pleasant thought I fell asleep.

Next morning at sharp 8 a.m. I heard a knock on the door. I thought Kiran had come with my morning tea. I was quite surprised to see Seema walking in with a big smile and a cheerful 'good morning' on her lips, carrying a steaming cup of tea. I sat up in my bed, took the cup from Seema, and started sipping it. 

Seema was in the mood to chat and sat down next to me on the bed. We chatted for some time and as I finished my tea she put her hand between my legs, caught hold of my cock, and started to feel it up and down. The touch of her hand put my cock instantaneously in the erection mode. 

I was shocked and surprised and exclaimed, "Seema yeh kya kar rahi ho? (Seema what are you doing?)". 

She laughed and said, "Main dekh rahi hoon ki apka laurda uttna hee barda hai jitna dekhne main lag raha tha. Hai, yeh tau uss se bhi barda hai (I am checking whether your cock is as big as it looked. Whew, it is even bigger)". 

Little confused I asked, "Tune kab aur kahan mera laurda dekha hai? (Where and when did you see my cock?) 

She said, "Kal jab aap nahan rahe the (Yesterday, when you were having a bath)". 

Seeing the bewildered look on my face she elaborated, "Yesterday when you were having your bath in the open bathroom (the first floor bathroom did not have a roof). At that time, I was on the roof spreading out the daily wash to dry and by chance looked down and saw your laurda (cock) in full erection. Since then my choot (cunt) is thirsting to feel it inside it and fuck it." 

"Seema tu kya keh rahi hai? (Seema, what are you saying?) You know it is not right. You are my friend's daughter". 

"How does that matter. I know what I am saying and I also know what I want. You remember what you said yesterday, that you would do anything within your power to help me. Well this is the help I want and it is in your power". 

I could not say anything; her touch was making my lund feel nice and it was urging me to accept her proposition, so I agreed. With a big smile of victory she said, "Abhi nahin main ek ghante main phir aauingi. Tab hum aaraam se chudai kar sakte hain (Not just now but I will come back in an hour or so and then we can fuck at leisure)" and went away singing "I have over come...." her version of the famous song 'We shall overcome...'. 

An hour later she was back. She quickly opened the string of my pajamas and took my erect lund in her hands and kissed it and said, "Tu aur meri choot saath mil kar bahut hee mazaa karenge (You and my choot will have many a good times together)". 

Then she took off her clothes, lay down on the bed, and commanded me in army style to 'mount operation fucking'. 

Well dear reader, everyone knows that a standing cock has no conscience, so I did what was bidden. I felt between her clean-shaven choot and found it was already wet and dripping. I mounted Seema and slowly inserted my lund in her choot. Seema exclaimed, "Owww! Dheere dheere (Owww! Slowly)" and then gave a loud sigh of satisfaction as I filled her fully. 

Her choot, as if to welcome my cock immediately released its love juices. I started to move my lund in and out slowly, her hips started to move in rhythm of my strokes and her breath came in gasps. With a loud 'AAHHH' she gave out her love juices every few minutes or so. Her cunt was a virtual fountain of love juice. 

Soon I felt my spunk rising and with a loud sigh I shot my elixir of life in her waiting choot. 

As my lund lost it's hardness, I started to withdraw it. Seema stopped me and said, "Chacha abhi mat nikalo, mujhe ek baar aur chodo, please, bahut mazaa aa raha hai (Chacha [uncle, term used for addressing the younger brother of one's father] don't take it out yet, please fuck me one more time, I am enjoying it very much)". 

The tone and in the manner she said it made my cock hard again and I fucked her once again. Amid loud sighs and words like 'fuck me more' 'harder' 'yes' 'yes like this' 'still harder' she came again and again. 

After the fuck while wearing her clothes, she thanked me and announced that at the next opportunity she will be back for more. As promised, she came back in the afternoon and said there isn't enough time for a fuck but she could not wait to have another peek at her pet. She took out my cock and gave me a quick but an excellent blow job and disappeared, with a promise to be back again. 

The next three days went by in which we fucked, sixty-nined and I also fucked her in her ass hole. On the third day when she was dressing she asked, "Chacha have you seen the hungry look in my mother's eyes when you are around? I am certain that she also wants to be fucked by you". 

"Don't be foolish. You are imagining things" I told her. As a matter of fact, I had also noticed the look of unsatisfied lust in Saroj's eyes. Her eyes followed me every where, whenever I was in her presence but I thought a small white lie here was in order. 

As fate would have it Raju received a telegram from his unit asking him to rejoin duty immediately. When leaving, he requested me, rather ordered me not to cut short my holiday and said, "You will be comfortable and Saroj will ensure that you are happy." Saroj and Seema also joined him in this request and I had to agree.

The same morning Seema said, "Chacha mother wants to screw you badly and will make her play tonight". 

I said, "It was all nonsense" and just for my information added, "would you be jealous?" 

"Nahin bilkul nahin. Usse jitna dil chaahe chodo lakin meri choot ko mat bhool jaana (No, not at all, fuck her as much as you want but don't forget my choot in the bargain" was her reply. 

As predicted by Seema, after dinner Saroj said, "Sahebji now that my husband has left there is no man on the ground floor. I think it might be advisable if you slept here". Then as an after thought added, "From security point of view". 

Seema gave a big knowing smile. I also sensed what was going to happen, so I agreed. Saroj was nice looking and young, I did not mind fucking her also, if she so desired. When Seema and Kiran had gone to sleep, Saroj called me to her room and without much ado said, "Sahebji aaj raat ko aap mujhe chodo (Sahebji fuck me tonight). 

I said, "Raju aaj hee tau gaya hai. Ussne pichale dinau main teri choot ki sab jarooratain poori kar dee hongi (Raju has only left today and he must have surely looked after the needs of your choot in all these days he was here)". 

She said, "Aap ko nahin maloom? Aap ko Raju ne kuch nahin bataaya? (You don't know? Raju did not tell you anything?)". 

Bewildered I asked, "Kya hua? Mujh se Raju ne kuch bhi nahi kaha (What happened? Raju has said nothing to me)". 

Saroj explained, "Few months back Raju was involved in a freak accident. No bodily harm came to him but due to unexplained reasons, maybe shock, he cannot have an erection. He is under treatment The doctors have promised that he will be all right with time. You know I had been waiting since many months for Raju to come home and fuck me, day in and day out, till I could take it no more but alas due to his affliction he could not do anything and I was very disappointed. Raju promised me that he would make amends for his failure". 

Many things now became clear to me, like his insistence that I visit him, his sudden telegraphic call, his insistence that I stay on and his repeated use of the words 'Saroj would see that I am happy'. It only seemed that at the last moment he chickened out of not telling me all this or may be he thought that I may not agree and decided to let nature take it's course. What a man Raju was. I told all this to Saroj and she tended to agree with me. 

My desire to fuck Saroj was gone and I told her so. She was very disappointed and said, "Sahebji main mar jaoongi agar koyi jaldi hee meri chudai nahin karega (Sahebji I will die if someone does not fuck me soon)." 

Then suddenly she asked, "Sahebji aapko kori choot chodna achcha lagta hai? (Sahebji do you like to fuck young virgin choots?)" 

Apparently she had seen me eyeing Kiran. 

"I love them" I replied. She promised to get me one to deflower but for that I was to do justice to her choot in return. 

The lure of young 'kori choot' was too much for me to resist and I told her, "I am your slave to command." 

She gave a pleased laugh and said, "Gulaam mujhe itna chodo, ki main chal nahin paoon (Slave, fuck me so much that I can't walk)". 

That night we fucked five times and we both really enjoyed ourselves. Saroj was an expert at this game. The pleasure she gave me was like I had seldom felt before. 

Next morning Seema with a big grin on her face asked me, "Did you sleep well, if at all?" 

In confidence I told her all that had happened last night. 

After hearing me, she stopped grinning and said, "Poor papa, poor mamma". 

Thereafter during the day, I fucked Seema on the quiet and at night, I rammed my cock up Saroj's cunt, ass hole or in her mouth as per my mood. This all went on in secrecy. 

One morning Seema said, "Chacha agar hum teenau mil kar chudai karain tau bahut hee mazaa aayega (Uncle, it would be fun if we all three of us could fuck together". I agreed with her, "Yes then there would be no need to do things on the quiet. How can we achieve this?" 

She said, "Fikar mat karo main sab sambhal loongi (Don't worry, I will manage everything)" and left it at that. 

Two days later, when I had finished giving Saroj her first shot of the night she asked, "Would you do me a favor and please don't refuse me". 

"I will not refuse" I replied. 

She got up and went out and returned with Seema in tow and said, "Sahebji, Seema ki choot ko bhi ek laurde ki sakht zaroorat hai iss ko bhi please chodo (Sahebji Seema's cunt also requires a cock very badly please fuck her also)". 

Seema kept protesting and saying no but Saroj did not pay any heed to her. Soon undressing her, pushed her towards the bed and said, "Sahebji iss ki choot main jo aag jal rahi hai usse thanda kar do (Sahebji extinguish the fire of passion burning in her cunt)". 

I laid Seema down on the bed and fucked her. Thereafter we fucked together. I fucked them in all conceivable ways and positions. I also persuaded them to lick/suck each other's choots. This went on for many days. 

One day I reminded Saroj of her promise of 'a kori choot' for my lund to deflower. She laughed and said, "Whom do you prefer Kiran or Lakshmi? 

"I would like to pluck the cherry of both of them" I replied grinning. 

"Saroj laughed and said, "I thought as much. We will start with Lakshmi first as I can get Kiran anytime". 

"Why do you say that?" I asked. 

She said, "Kiran is an orphan and had come with me when I got married. She will obey me." 

Seema asked, "How will we convince Lakshmi to get her virgin choot fucked by chacha? 

Saroj said, "Saheb will not have to do anything but to fuck her. She will surrender her cherry all on her own". 

We both wanted to know how. Saroj was silent for some time and then said, "Under normal circumstances I would not tell this to anyone, let alone my daughter but these are special circumstances. By relation we may be mother and daughter but we are also 'fuck sisters'. 

Seema said, "First you tell whatever you have to tell and then I also have a confession to make". 

Saroj started her narration; "I am the only child of my parents. My father traveled a lot on business. My unmarried chacha (uncle, father's younger brother) lived with us and as he was still studying, he was mostly at home. 

One day, I heard some peculiar noises coming from my mother's room. The door was locked, so I went to the window and peeped in. I was shocked to see my chacha fucking my mother. I could not move and kept watching them. I did not know then but apparently my mother had spotted me at the window. I think I will tell you things in the right order, as I found out later. it will make things clearer. While I was watching, I felt a strange feeling come over my choot and it became wet. My hand crept between my legs and I started rubbing my slit. 

Mother, having seen me whispered to my chacha, "Saroj is watching us we must do something about it otherwise she will tell everything to her father and we both will be in big trouble". 

They debated many ideas but rejected them. My mother then suggested that the best course would be if he (chacha) would also fuck me. Then she would be in the same boat as us and would be forced to keep their relationship a secret. Agreeing on a plan as to how to achieve their goal they dressed and chacha went to his room. 

After about half an hour, my mother told me to go and call chacha for lunch. I entered chacha's room and started to give him mother's message. The sight I was confronted with held me spellbound. Chacha was standing in the center of the room absolutely naked with his lund in full erection. 

I had never seen an erect cock before and could not take my eyes off it. I just stood there as if in a trance. Chacha slowly moved towards me and put one hand on my tits pressing them tenderly and the other arm around my shoulders. He slowly led me towards the bed. As we approached the bed he undid the string of my salwar and removed it completely. 

He pushed me on the bed and got between my legs and rubbed his lund between my cunt lips. I sighed loudly with pleasure and opened my legs wider. He put his laurda (cock) on my choot entrance and pushed. His lund entered my choot destroying my virginity once and for all and buried it self inside me. I screamed with pain and it was only then that I realized where I was and the situation I was in. 

I kept protesting and requesting my chacha to stop and leave me alone but he ignored me and kept moving his cock in and out of my cunt. My screams brought my mother on the scene. Seeing me being fucked said in a jovial tone, "Jab tere Papa ko patta chalega ki tu apne chacha se chudwati hai tau Papa kya kahenge? (When Papa finds out that you are fucking your uncle then what will he say?)". 

Her remark annoyed me. Instead of helping me, she was making fun of me (at that time I did not know that they had planned the death of my virginity together). 

I replied sharply, "Papa wohi kahenge jab unhain patta chalega ki unki bibi bhi unke chotte bhai se chudwati hai (Papa will say the same thing when he finds out that his wife is also fucking his younger brother)". 

My mother laughed and remarked that this girl is very sharp and then turning to my chacha said, "Isse jor jor se chodo jaisse isse isski paheli chudai zindagi bhar yaad rahe (Fuck her hard so that she remembers her first fuck all her life)". 

Well friends after the initial pain and discomfort I started to enjoy the fuck. My eyes closed and I started to moan with pleasure and soon came with a long loud sigh. My chacha also came and withdrew his blood stained lund from my choot. It was then my mother and chacha related every thing to me. I told them that I would keep their secret provided I would get my fair share of chacha's cock. They both laughed and agreed. Thereafter we three fucked together till I got married." 

"What happened on your wedding night, didn't Babuji (Daddy-father) find out that you were not a virgin?" Seema inquired. 

"Sure, your father is too experienced not to have noticed. He found out as soon as he pushed his cock into my choot. I told him that when I was sixteen I had fallen in love with a boy and we were to be married. We started to fuck but unfortunately he died in an accident a year later. I thought this would be better than telling him that my mother fucked my chacha and they both connived to deflower me so they could continue to fuck undisturbed". 

Raju then called Kiran, who was still quite young, and said to her, "Kiran tu apni choot ko sambhaal ke rakhna. Jab tu bardi ho jayegi tau main usse phardoonga (Kiran look after you choot. I will pop your cherry when you are older then)". 

Having finished her tale Saroj asked, "Seema what did you want to tell us? 

Seema said, "My story is not so interesting but here it is."

"When I was quite young, by chance I discovered masturbating. One day when bathing, I applied soap on my choot and rubbed it. That day I happen to rub it a little longer and harder than usual. I suddenly felt nice all over my body. I also discovered a hard lump between my legs. 
