 A few of our friends and my work mates had small revolving March Madness Parties, taking turns hosting the event. Our turn to host the games was on Thursday of the second weekend with teams playing for entrance to the Sweet 16. There was only a small group of five and my wife for the festivities. 

After a huge comeback by my wife and my Alma mater on the previous weekend we were very boisterous in our support. Claudio had been bantering back and forth all week about this game and how our respected team would get destroyed. Needless to say our team bowed out meekly and Claudio was being unmercifully cruel to my wife about the game. 

Kenny hosted the elite eight games on Sunday and Claudio being a alum of the Orange was not very happy with the play. My wife was adding to his misery by returning the verbal sparring that Claudio had laid on her the week before. With his team down by 15 at the half my wife started giving my friend an even hard time about losing. He said the game wasn't over and if she was so sure of herself to make a bet with him. Pam agreed and said "when" his team lost he would have to let us use his condo on the beach for a weekend. Claudio agreed but said if his team won my wife would have to be the waitress at his Final Four party next Saturday night. 

The Orange men were making a small comeback which got my wife worried but the number 1 seed squashed the rally and were back up by double digits with less than nine minutes in the game. My wife and Claudio increased the verbal sparring until Claudio asked her if she wanted to up the bet. My wife told him to put his money where his mouth was and said he would have to put up use of his condo for the entire week. He said that was a really steep bet and she asked what he wanted in return.

He shocked everyone when he said he wanted my wife to waitress his party nude and follow his commands. The request silenced the group and I was speechless, my friend and coworker of over 10 years had openly made such a brazen ante. Pam broke the silence; convinced the number 1 seed could not loose and agreed to his terms. 

I started to say something when she said, "Don't worry; there's no way his team is coming back". Well, was she ever wrong. His team had made a 21-2 run and ending up winning by 6. My wife tried in vain to get out of it saying she was just joking around, but he said a bet is a bet and instructed me to drop her off at 4 next Saturday to get ready for the evening's activities.

That week was a blur. I had been emailing with Claudio all week trying to get her out of it and he said there was no way he was backing out. I told him there were rules that he needed to follow since this was my wife we were talking about and he told me that the only rules would be his and she would be following them. 

Saturday arrived and I drove my wife, arriving at Claudio's shortly after 4. I parked and we walked up to his his door, he answered it and gave my wife a big hug and told her to go on in. I started to go in to but he said the party did not start till 6 PM and I should come back at that time. He also asked that I not call or drive by that she had chores to get ready for the party. I tried to give her a kiss goodbye, but she was already inside and he closed the door. 

I drove home in a daze thinking about what I had just done. I had just left my wife with my friend to do with as he pleased. I hardly sat down pacing and wondering what all was going on. At 6 PM sharp I pulled up at Claudio's house, I went to the door and was met by my wife. After she opened the door the first thing I noticed was her hair was styled differently. He had cut her long hair into an almost mod cut that I honestly liked. I also noticed Pam clothes she was wearing or almost not wearing. She had on very sheer maids outfit that clearly showed off her darker nipples. She also had on a garter belt and fishnet stockings. I immediately noticed my wife was not wearing panties under the see thru apron and her dark pubic area was very clearly on display. 

I asked what all had happened and without speaking she just lifted her apron to show me she was not wearing panties. Pam started talking as she turned and led me into the house with her bare bottom on full display. She said after I left he told her that she was to follow all of his rules without question. She said the first thing he did was have her strip for him so he could see her body, he told her he had masturbated thinking about her and the party.

She then told me when her shirt and pants were off and when she was down to her bra and panties he took out a camera and started to take pictures of my wife. Pam said she told him she didn't want him taking pictures but he told her that he made the rules and she was to follow them. When my wife was completely nude she said he took pictures of her breasts and had her bend over so he could take pics of her ass. Pam said he had her spread her butt cheeks apart and took pictures of her anus and labia sticking out from between her legs. He then had her lie down and spread her legs so he could take pics of my wife's pussy. She said he had her hold her labia open exposing the inside of her vagina and he said he had always wondered how pink her pussy was and now he knew. 

My wife said she felt humiliated exposing herself to our friend like that. When he was done taking pictures she said he told me to suck his cock. My wife said he came in her mouth and she said he demanded she swallow every drop.

When he was done he told her to get cleaned up because she going to be waitressing the party and would be nude under the little outfit he had bought. She said she tried to talk him out of going thru with it again but he said those were the rules. My wife said she told him again she didn't want to do that but he just reiterated she lost the bet and those were the rules. After my wife cleaned up and put on the skimpy outfit he directed her to the kitchen to get ready for the party. Pam said he sat in the kitchen playing with himself while watching her bare bottom and talking dirty to her as she put together the the snacks for the group.

When the party group began arriving I could tell she was completely humiliated, from her blushing to the perspiration above her upper lip. She had to open the door for each person in her almost nude outfit and knew each one was looking at her ass as she led them to the TV room. There ended up being a couple more guys than our typical group and no other women. The party ended up being 9 males; friends whom we knew very well and are married to some of her friends, coworkers of ours and a couple of strangers all looking at my wife's mostly naked body. 

My wife later confirmed when the party began she was as degraded as she ever felt but also excited at the same time. She was completely sober and there were 9 guys there all looking at her almost naked body in front of her husband. When the game started Pam was taking orders and bringing drinks to the guys. The guys would take turns finishing their drink quickly and getting my wife to bring more. The influence of the alcohol became obvious as the guys requests were becoming more suggestive. 

Ricky and several others took turns having my wife bend over to hand them a drink for the others to get a better view of her ass. Things progressed to some of the guys would either slap her ass or squeeze one of her breasts when she passed. The alcohol was flowing quickly and the guys comments turned lewd about her breasts, how her ass jiggled and about her dark triangle of pubic hair. 

Just before half one of the strangers; James said he couldn't believe how dark and bushy my wife's pussy hair was and that's when our friend she lost the bet to suggested they should shave her. Pam turned bright red and pleaded them not to humiliate her more, but she was reminded of the rules by Claudio. 

The guys had completely lost track of the game by now as they took my wife by the arms and lift her to lie her down on his kitchen table. My wife kept he legs tightly closed as Claudio found a large pair of shear type scissors and trimmed tufts of her pubic hair short. Each guy took a turn removing a section of her pubic hair until she had a patchwork of hair left like she had a bad haircut or a cat with mange. Several of the guys were taking pictures of her humiliation and making comments about shearing the sheep and pruning the bush.

Claudio told the guys to wait a minute, he would be right back and went around the corner. When he reappeared he had some of the foamy type shaving cream and a razor. My wife took one look and forcefully said "NO WAY". 

My wife's pleading moved to begging as Claudio gave a quick flick to her nipple and told her she would obey. My wife let out a low moan, but it wasn't the sound of pain it sounded more like euphoria. Mick said "this cunt really wants shaved" as my wife moaned louder while Claudio was rubbing the foam on her mound. The group was now all voicing all types of depraved comments to her as Claudio slowly ran the razor over the remaining patches of growth above her private parts. 

Claudio then instructed my wife he needed to finish unveiling her pussy and asshole and my wife didn't offer any resistance as she slowly lifted and spread her legs. My wife said later she was anxious and excited about her labia and clit being fully exposed for the guys. Several guys helped my wife lift her legs higher as her undeniable desire became evident from creamy goo oozing from her slit. My wife's meaty lower lips were swollen and bright red from her excitement.

Claudio purposely rubbed the foam around the edges of her cunt and anus, taking extra care not to touch her sex organs. As Claudio was running the razor along the edge of her slit, I looked around and saw several of the guys had pulled out their cocks and were actively pleasuring themselves. My wife had her eyes closed and her body was contorting as she was murmuring soft noises. 

When Claudio rubbed a warm wet towel across her pussy her whole body shivered shaking her tits and causing her moans to get louder. When he had her cleaned Claudio lowered his head and flicked his tongue across her pussy lips to her enjoyment. Kenny took the cue and moved to the top of the table and turned my wife's head to place his cock in her waiting mouth. Nobody seemed to care that the basketball game was back on, the bench's had cleared and there was now a full court press on my wife's body. 

When she leaned to her side to suck the cock in her mouth better, two other men reached out and started playing with her tits. By now everyone was hot and we were all in a stage of undress, except one of the strangers; Max a large black man who was talking to the other guy we didn't know. I needed relief so I moved to the side of the table as Kenny shot his load down Pam's throat. When Pam looked up it was like she didn't even know me, she looked dazed as she moaned and reached out for my cock and said "give me that cock, MMMmmm". She hadn't started been sucking my cock for long before I pulled out and sprayed my cum all over her face. 

My wife had several hands squeezing and rubbing her tits and pinching her hardened nipples. Two other men were rubbing her stomach as Claudio had stood up between her legs and was rubbing the large head of his cock between here engorged cunt lips. Pam started to try to say something but another cock by her head was rammed deep into her mouth, smothering her words. She started to scream but was gagged again by the cock going deeper into her throat. 

Mick tilted Pam's head so he could get his entire cock in her mouth and fuck her face while he played with her nipples which by now were beet red and hard as rocks.She started to concentrate on the fat dick being shoved down her throat as I watched Claudio's purposely teasing my wife's now open love tunnel with the huge head of his cock. As Claudio continued teasing her his cock head seemed to grow bigger and turn a deep purple color as it grazed her swollen cunt lips. Before long I couldn't see her open hole; his big cock head completely resting her entrance to her reproduction organ.

The guys comments had gone from indecent to degrading as some were getting inpatient. Mick was now easily fucking my wife's throat while several others were giving her breasts and nipples a real workout leaving marks where they pinched and twisted. She was squirming and moaning causing her legs to spread even wider as Claudio's tennis ball sized cock head rubbed her lower entrance. The sight of my wife's open pussy with this huge cock head parting her lower lips was causing an uproar. Claudio found her tiny opening again as his cock rubbed all around the glistening entrance to her lower hole.

His cock took on a musky sheen from the juices from Pam's pink hole as her cunt lips continually mouthed at the end of his massive teasing cock head. Claudio looked at Mick and nodded, as he did Mick lunged forward shoving his cock down Pam's throat almost to the base. My wife's eyes bulged as she choked and jumped causing her to slid down just as Claudio grunted and lunged forward shoving his large cock head balls deep into her open cunt. 

My wife screamed in ecstasy; even with the cock filling her throat. Her eyes rolled up and her body contorted trying to get more. Mick was on the verge of losing his load shoving his cock in her throat with her nose buried in his pubic hair. Claudio yelled "Oh my god" and "take it all you fucking slut" as he thrust deep in her female genital organ again.

That pushed Mick over the edge as he grabbed the back of her head with both hands pushing her head into his crotch as if he was trying to suffocate her. He was standing on his toes trying to get deeper in her throat causing her to gag again. Mick didn't seem to care as he held her head tighter, pumping his cock deeper and his ass clinching yelling "oh fuck, oh fuck"... "here it cums bitch"... "eat my cum you slut" as his body convulsed. My wife was choking as the white baby batter was flowing out of her mouth around his cock. 

Claudio was close to as he yelled "here it cums slut" "I'm gonna cum in your cunt". He grabbed her waist trying to get deeper as he finished quickly but kept pounding her lower slit.

One of the guys we didn't know, a tall back guy Dwane said he wanted to be next but wanted to see the end of the game too. So the guys took my wife into the TV room and shifted the sofa so they could position her over the arm so she could be used while watching the game.

Dwane started to undress, when he took his pants off I let out an audible "holy shit". His cock was still limp, but it was huge. It hung down out of the leg of his boxer shorts. His cock was at least 9 inches long at least 3 inches thick when soft and hanging. I'm not sure how to describe it except It looked like a fire hose. His balls hung about 4 inches below his crotch and they were each the size of peach. The other stranger James looked at me staring at Dwane and said "Impressive huh". 

Dwane went to my wife's mouth shoved his cock up against her lips. Pam opened her mouth wide to take in as much as she could. When she did Dwane jutted his hips forward and she gagged. She could hardly even get her mouth around the growing circumference of his cock. Pam grabbed his shaft and licked the sides of his cock as it continued to grow. His cock had grown bigger than her entire forearm and she could only get the tip of the huge purple-ish/grey head in her mouth. The head of his giant cock was as big as my fist and the shaft appeared 4 inches thick and at least a foot long. 

Dwane grabbed my wife by the hair and pushed the whole head of his cock into her mouth and said "suck it, you white cunt". She just couldn't handle it all and choked and pulled back. Dwane gave my wife a quick sharp slap on the ass causing her to fall back on the sofa as she let out a yelp and the outline of a large red handprint formed on her ass. 

Dwane moved behind my wife as James immediately thrust his rock hard cock into her open mouth. Dwane announced to the group "I want some of that white ass". He knelt down and spread my wife's ass cheeks to expose her closed puckered orifice. 

He used his masterful tongue alternating firm and gentle, slow and fast. His tongue managed to push past the tight ring of her rosebud and he started fucking her opening with his tongue.

She smelled like earthy musky perfume from her cum filled snatch and Dwane groaned in pleasure, savoring the taste. Pam groaned and moaned and ground her ass into his face, enjoying every second of his thorough tongue-reaming. Pam was moaning even louder around the cock that had been shoved in her mouth when Dwane pulled away and got himself to his feet and I knew he wanted to put his monster cock in my wife's ass. 

He moved her body up slightly to position her rear opening for his tall stance. My wife's ass dangled off the edge of the couch, her red-painted toes wiggling in anticipation. Coating his mammoth cock head with lube from my wife's used pussy he examined her exposed asshole. Pam's brown eye was on exhibition for all as she pushed out with her muscles anticipating the imminent invasion of her ass.

Dwane squatted slightly to line up the bloated head of his fat dick with her open asshole. As soon as he pushed against her small puckered opening my wife grew silent except for the noise of the cock using he mouth. Her rear opening was too tight as his cock bent and slipped away from the opening the first couple of tries. Dwane used his left hand to spread her cheek and used his right hand to fist his cock right behind the head and again placed it against her sphincter. 

Pam was making primal grunting noises as James filled her mouth and was quickly replaced by another cock. 

Dwane pushed the bulbous head of his cock as my wife's rear opening was slowly beginning to open. He pulled his cock back towards the cream from her pussy and coated it again for another try. Dwane let out a low grumble as he placed the head of his cock at her sphincter again and stated to push. Her rear orifice gradually starting to dilate to my wife's growing moans. Like slow motion her sphincter gave way, as the head of his cock plopped into her ass.

My wife let out a garbled "Jesus Christ" around the new cock in her mouth. Dwayne let out an oh fuck and clenched his teeth; his cock slowly sinking into the heavenly molten grip of her ass, as it squeezed his cock like a warm wet mink glove. He let go of his cock and place both hands on her ass to spread her cheeks for an unobstructed view of her tight butthole stretched around his shaft. The view of the considerable black hose obscenely stretching the undersized entry to her rear cavity was too much for me as I moved over to dump my second load on her face and the cock using her mouth. 

Dwane waited a minute for the tight opening to get used to his girth before he started a slow push, trying to force his oversize destroyer of a cock into Pam's anus. Paul had been fucking her mouth and was already shooting his cum as she moaned and it flowed from her open lips. Two others; Mick and Ricky had been wanking their tool and couldn't wait moved to dump their load on my wife's face and hair with Paul still filling her mouth. Her head was now covered and laying in a small pool of jizm on the sofa cushion. 

Looking down I could see that her opening was stretching to the limit with his huge head inside her ass and she was squirming to accommodate more as she was being suffocated by another new cock in her mouth. As my wife continued to contort her body she was causing Dwane to get more excited and her movements were starting to work the shaft of his big cock moving deeper into her backside.

Danny was using Pam's mouth for his pleasure and finally pulled his cock out so she could breath. He gave her about two breaths and my wife was able to pull away from Dwane's cock with a popping sound from her anus. The little brown closed puckered hole was now gaping open. As Danny put his cock back in her mouth she arched her ass for another attempt by Dwane. 
