 Our latest escapade is a little bit of a continuation from one of my wife's previous indiscretions, I'm not sure what else to call them. Things had been extremely well at my job, especially after Carl's last "party". I had got an increase and my first bonus from the six months we had the account "I" secured with Philippe and Jorge's company was equal to about 3 months' pay.

Things had become normal and low key at work, except Carl mentioned several times that I should probably visit more frequently with Philippe and Jorge to make sure things were good. I usually spoke directly to the manufacturing supervisor but took it upon my self to make special calls to the two of them. Both of them were very businesslike but Philippe in particular mentioned several times that I probably needed to make a site visit so I had a better understanding of their needs.

I discounted the comments because I had increased my conversations with Andres the manufacturing supervisor and was making sure we delivered everything he needed two weeks before it was needed, or so I thought. There was a hiccup in one of our shipments and it was going to cause a stoppage in production or the substitute would have to be purchased local at many times our contracted price.

We were able to make some local arrangements but Philippe voiced some concerns to my boss Carl. After several back and forth discussions Carl felt that it was important that we both go down to Venezuela to view production, meet with the workers and also show our committed devotion to our companies partnership. Carl also noted it would be good to bring my wife to show my dedication.

I was taken aback and told Carl I would not ask Pam to make the trip. Carl said he felt it was important and he would pay for us to go to Isla Margarita off the coast after our meetings. I questioned his sincerity and his reasons, but he just noted it was all business and he felt it was important for the contract. I told Carl I would have to talk to Pam before I could commit to her participation.

No more than 30 minutes after our meeting Carl came to me and said he had spoken to Philippe who thought a visit would be a good idea. He also told Carl that the very next week might be a good opportunity, there was a national holiday on Friday; the end of June. We could come down early enough to spend the day at the factory on Thursday and then attend a small company gathering on Friday before our return. He noted he did not tell Philippe Pam would be attending but he again stressed he thought it would be a good gesture. He also said he would need a response that afternoon because of the short time before the dates and setting up the trip or trips if Pam was going to come.

It was already around 2 so I needed to ask my wife fairly quickly. I hemmed and hawed for a short while about how to propose the trip, then decided just to let her make the decision. I called my wife and let her know I had to go to the factory the next week. She didn't say much and I added Carl said she could attend and then the two of us could spend a couple of days at a resort island if she wanted to attend. I had not even got to the question about if she wanted to attend and she had already blurted out "that sounds like fun!" I told her i would let Carl know and give her more details that night. 

Before I left for the day Carl had got our reservations in place. We were to fly out Wednesday afternoon, tour the factory Thursday, go to the reception Friday and Carl would return Saturday. Pam and I would fly out Saturday to stay at the Wyndam Isla Margarita and return on Wednesday. That next Wednesday we met Carl at the airport. The flight was a direct flight and we arrived before sundown. We were staying in town and were to leave early the next morning to make it to the factory by 9 am. Carl told my wife it would probably be better if she stayed at the hotel and local shops because the factory was not in the best location. It alleviated my concerns about her purpose on the trip and we separated we me to meet Carl in the morning. 

Thursday was a hectic day. After we met with Philippe and Jorge; Andres took us on a two hour tour of the facility and I was able to learn about their hardships and got some good ideas on making sure we did not have supply problems in the future. After a quick lunch we met with the remainder of the crew and Andres took us on a local tour explaining their processes, local suppliers. We met with Philippe at the end and did not make it back to town until almost 7. One item did strike me as strange Philippe acted unusual, almost exuberant when it was mentioned my wife would attending with us at the festivities in the morning. Pam was bored when we got back having spent mostly of the day in the room, afraid to venture far alone. She had me shower quickly and we went just around the corner for diner and some drinks. 

Carl got us from the room the next morning and we taxied to what ended up being a huge country club type location just outside of town. The place was large, had condo or apartments to the side and villas along the golf course. It was a sprawling complex and took us a little while to find Philippe and his group. They were set off behind but slightly to the side of the main club, in a smaller fenced off area with it's own small pool and jacuzzi. There were palm trees all along the fence blocking most of the view from the club but it was still visible. As I looked around there were a couple of guys grilling some food and a makeshift bar with one of the workers tending. I saw Andres from the day before and said a quick hi, introducing my wife. During the introductions I realized my wife was the only female in the group. Some of the guys were wearing cabana type shirts but the majority we just in their bathing suits 

Philippe came up to us and gave my wife a big hug and told Carl and I he wanted to have a short meeting before we enjoyed the food. Andres chimed in that he would keep my wife entertained and teach her how to play Sapo. Carl and I met with Philippe and Jorge for about 30 minutes in one of the rooms inside. When we went back to the private area I realized the sundress my wife had worn was short and thin. The weather was not as hot as Texas but being so close to the coast it was humid. The weather was causing my wife to perspire and her dress to cling to her body with the dampness making her bra and panties show. I also figured out Sapo was a drinking game. The setup was similar to the corn hole boards but had numerous holes in the board and a metal frog with it's mouth open on the back. There were two players per team and each player had three metal washer type rings to throw at the opposing board. If the team throwing the rings do not get a ring in one of the many holes or into the frog they must take a shot. If the team throwing gets a ring in the frogs moth the opposing team must finish a beer. 

Based on my wife's demeanor and her dress it looked like she had been losing and drinking a lot. I thought I would try and save her but she said she was having a good time and that she wanted to win at least one game. I went over to grab some food and a drink and started talking to some guys. It must have been 20-30 minutes later when I heard a small ruckus. My wife was the center of attention as her dress was essentially transparent to the point her dark pubic area was showing through her sheer panties. The guys were prodding her to hop into the Jacuzzi to cool down but she kept saying she did not have a bathing suit. Her team mate at Sapo; Andres said in broken english "podemos ver chonies" "panities" "sácate la ropa". Philippe broke in; he says we can already see your underwear just take off your dress to swim. Pam looked over to me and I just shrugged my shoulders.

The alcohol must have told her that meant okay and she quickly dropped her dress and a got into the bubbling water squeezing between the four guys. They continued to drink when one of the guys told Pam it was her turn to bring drinks. My wife was now feeling no pain so she hopped out of the water to fetch the drinks and her dark bush was clearly on display through her wet sheer cotton panties. The atmosphere was spirited as my wife returned with the drinks and squeezed between between the guys making it hard for her to get in the water. We could all make make out the outlines of her nipples which were already hard with excitement and see her pussy hair under the material made transparent by the water. At that point I was certain Pam knew it as well but no longer appeared to care. 

While the rest of us we talking and eating the group in the Jacuzzi was getting animated. Several of the guys would jokingly pull at her bra straps as she playfully slapped their hands away. I blurted out "Honey, why don't you take your top off?" My wife looked at me as if to say are you mad when Philippe piped in "Everybody can already tell what you look like under your bra. And I say you've got nothing to be ashamed of." The guys in the Jacuzzi were giving her a hard time, splashing her and she was reciprocating as I sauntered over behind her. I bent down and quickly slid my fingers under the rear strap and flicked the clasp to release the strap. Pam just sat there with a smile frozen on her face and cupping her boobs trying to hold up the small amount of fabric covering her nipples with her hands. Here I was undoing my wife's bra in front of four strange guys we had just met, I'm not sure what I was thinking... 

I went back to drinking with the other group but kept peeking back at the Jacuzzi. Pam had given up trying to hold the last bit of cover as the guys appeared to be poking her. My wife's tits looked great just bouncing around free in the water, so inviting as water trickled over her soft skin. I also moved behind the back of a chair to conceal the rock hard cock making a tent in my pants. Before long the group in the water started playing some semblance of a drinking version of truth or dare. The only difference seemed that the dare inevitably was to have my wife sitting on each guys lap. Carlos was first; "venir a sentarse en mi regazo, c'mon" as he motioned her to his lap. Before Pam could look at me for approval, he grabbed her by the hand and slowly pulled my reluctant wife over and onto his lap. The rest of us just watched, we knew what he was trying to do but in her state Pam just appeared to be having fun.

Carlos began playing with her tits with one hand and his other hand was moving under the water, I'm sure he was trying to work his hand between her legs. I was glad Pam still had her panties on, because I wasn't sure she wanted things to go further, already topless between four strangers in the Jacuzzi in the middle of the day. I went back to talking for a couple of minutes as my wife was passed between the guys. When I looked back she had made full circle and was back in Carlos lap. He was moving my wife in his lap as he had a hold of one tit in each hand. I did a double take because when I looked at Carlos I thought I could see his bathing suit and my wife's panties behind him on the deck. We couldn't see under the bubbles, but my wife looked relaxed with her back against his chest and her eyes closed. By this time there was not much I could do, I could see that she was already enjoying whatever it was Carlos was doing to her.

My wife's head turned to the side and her mouth and eyes opened and when I looked directly into her eyes and knew that Carlos had his cock inside her. She was sitting higher in his lap with her back arched to his chest as her body was being penetrated under the surface of the water. She close her eyes again when her body began bob slowly up and down, Carlos not only had his cock in my wife he was starting to fuck her. After just a couple of minutes he was getting more aggressive with Pam, talking dirty to her "Dile you esposa what I'm doing puta, C'mon, tell him" over and over. Until my wife whimpered "He's got his big cock inside me me dear... uunnnngh... Carlos is fucking me sooo goooood... uunnnnnnnghhh." 

Carlos got a painful expression on his face as he put one arm under each of my wife's thighs to lift her out of the water and spread her legs to show everyone his big cock thrusting in and out of my wife's hairy cunt. He shifted her pelvis upwards and even turned his body to make sure everyone could have a better view of Pam's vertical slit being penetrated by his thick brown pipe. Then he sank back into the water and grabbed her tits as he thrust in and out of her pussy with more determination. Suddenly Carlos grunted loudly, his body jerking and we all knew that he was filling my wife with his seed. I watched as Pam's eyes went wide when she realized what she had started. She kind of looked around at all the men in the tub and for the first time I think she realized what was happening, and what was yet to come.

Temporarily satisfied, Carlos pulled Pam off his softening prick as the stout guy next to him; Jesse said "mi proxima" and he lifted Pam to his lap. "Open concha... la muy puta" he growled. I'm not sure she understood but like a submissive slut in heat, my wife obeyed. Philippe looked at me with telling eyes and said "watch a real man fuck your wife." Jesse pulled my wife to his lap sideways and proceeded to give her a big kiss and his hands working under the water. As he continued it looked like his tongue was trying to find her throat... then he moved her from his lap to so he could sit on the edge of the Jacuzzi. As he sat in front of my wife, she just gazed at his cock. He was uncircumcised and still soft but his cock was more than 6 inches long and that was the least impressive factor. The girth was already thicker than her wrist and there was an inflated bulbous knob hiding under the end of the foreskin; it looked the size and shape of a pear. 

My wife reached for his cock but could not put her hand around the enormous appendage. Pam slowly worked the length of his cock as she slowly brought up her other hand and continued to gently rub his cock. She tried to touch her fingers to close around the head like she was measuring the size. I asked her if she thought she could even get that into her mouth and she responded that she was not sure, but she'd like to try. She quickly dropped her head to his cock and began licking up and down his thick shaft. After a few minutes of this his helmet was peaking out from the end of his foreskin. Pam licked the tip and she inserted the crown of his cock head to her lips and licked it with her tongue. 

As she continued to work on Jesse's cock she pulled back the foreskin and looked like she was trying to put a fist in her mouth. Jesse was getting a little anxious and put his hands around the back of her head to speed up the process. He was finally able to get the bell end of his cock head into her mouth with her lips on the beginning of his shaft when he started to slowly pump his hips. My wife held her hand against his pelvis to slow him but he was now able to get the head and at least and inch of the shaft in her mouth. Her lips looked stretched obscenely like she was skewered on the end of his deformity.

Jesse pulled his cock out of her mouth and lifted my wife onto the edge of the Jacuzzi. He laid Pam back onto the deck and lifted to spread he legs. She looked me in the eyes and said "I need to feel him inside me". I just smiled and said "don't stretch her too much". With that Jesse grinned as he dropped his cock head to her pussy entrance. Right away he met resistance. Even though she had just been fucked the head of his cock would not part her labia to enter her cunt.

He pulled back; stuck two, then three, then four fingers into her slit to massage her opening and pulled out some of Carlos cum. He did this several times and applied it to his cock until it looked like a glistening anaconda. He moved back between her legs and pushed the head of his cock to Pam's pussy lips. This time he used one hand to grip his shaft and help push. Pam was making moaning noises as the head of his cock was distorting her lower lips. My wife got louder as he pushed harder causing her female gash to slowly dilate and the head of his cock plopped into her cunt. My wife must have liked it because all she said was "ohh shit" and started moaning even more. Over the next five or ten minutes I watched as he slowly worked his monster cock in and out of Pam's tight pussy each time getting a little deeper. She was able to take in all but about an inch of his cock. He was very gentle and respectful with his movements, as he'd slowly pull his monster cock almost all the way out so you could see backside of the mushroom head before slowing sliding it back deep into her pussy. Jesse looked at me and commented that my wife not only had an exceptional body, but that her pussy was so nice and tight too. 

Jesse stopped the thrusts and instead starting gently rubbing her tits. Pam sensed he stopped and begged him to keep fucking her. Since he didn't responded, she decided to take a different approach and put her legs behind Jesse's hips and began aggressively moving her body to try and fuck his cock. He stayed motionless for several minutes as my wife was getting frustrated, then lifted her gently off the deck while rotating their bodies so he could lay down on to his back with Pam on top of him still having his cock buried deep inside her. My wife seemed to enjoy that she was now in complete control of the movements. Pam was worked up and quickly started fucking his cock at a very fast speed. She was now bouncing her ass against his pelvis taking his whole cock inside her womb. My wife's reaction was one of pure ecstasy as she threw her head back and started bouncing her body as hard as she could. Pam was rhythmically grunting as I could tell she was about to have an orgasm. 

Jesse pulled her to his chest, grabbed her ass, looked at me and asked if I were ready for him to fill this slut with his seed. I nodded and he shifted his hands to her hips so he had more control of her body's movements. He began thrusting upward as her body was convulsing from pleasure. That caused him to increase his pace and ground her pelvis onto his cock for several minutes. Pam was in a continuous orgasm as Jesse announced he was going to fill my wife's pussy with his cum. He pulled at her hips like he was trying join their bodies his torso jerking as he was yelling "aaagggh, aaaagh, aaaaghhhh... " pumping his sperm into my wife.

The next guy quickly replaced Jesse's cock with his own, he wasn't fucking her long before he needed to cum. He had only pumped her for only about a minute then pulled out and and climbed out toward her mouth. He quickly grabbed my wife's head with one hand hand and held her in position while he furiously jerked on his cock with the other. He was calling her names as squirted his first discharge into her mouth then pulled away and pumped at least 10 more spurts of his creamy white paste on her her face and chest. I looked at Carl and at that moment I realized that things were way past the point of no return, so I sat back and enjoyed the show. I could tell a couple of the guys next to me were also enjoying Pam's performance because they were visibly stroking their cocks.

I was so horny, and I wanted to see this so bad that I did nothing to stop it. There was my pretty wife being totally used by these guys for their sexual pleasure, it was such a hot sight. Raul was next, he was rough, pushing his fingers into her cunt next to his fat brown cock. Pam was moaning as Jorge and Andres pulled her legs wide apart in order to give his buddy better access to my wife's piss-hole. Raul pulled her hair with his fist, and sucked her tits hard as he fucked her roughly. I watched as he repeatedly pounded her pussy like an animal in heat. Her wet pubic hairs tangling with his when suddenly he yelled out, "follar mi... esperma" as Philippe yelled "hold the bitch open for him!".
