 In Chapter One, Pamela revealed to Frank that she had only ever had lesbian lovers before meeting him several years ago. He was astonished but turned on as never before as she suggested they invite other women into their bed that they both found attractive, including some of their old flames. Frank was struggling to come to terms with this revelation, almost as much as the seemingly continuous hardness of his cock but he was coping. Just. 

It would make sense to read Pamela - Chapter One - Beginnings before this chapter as Pamela describes the first of her lesbian encounters with the voluptuous Nico. 

Any constructive feedback would be welcomed. Thank you.

*****

The following morning I awoke with a hard-on as usual but it wasn't usually as hard as it was then. I had to pinch myself at first to see if all of what had occurred the previous evening had been just a dream. Suddenly, Pamela moaned gently, her way of letting me know she was awake and wanted a cuddle. I rolled towards her as she turned onto her side facing away from me so I slid into the spoons position behind her, trying without success to avoid her knowing I was rock-hard. 

"Mmmmmm!" she moaned provocatively as I ran my left hand around her and cupped her right breast, teasing the nipple with a gentle squeeze. "That's nice. Don't stop."

Allowing my cock to find its position settled in the crack of her arse, I kissed the back of her head and we lay quietly for some time while I played with her nipples alternatively. I was desperate to hear more about what happened in Nico's bedroom but I didn't want to appear too keen by being the first one to raise the subject, so I kept silent but this didn't stop my imagination running riot with a multitude of possibilities that certainly maintained my ardour. Eventually, it was Pamela who broke the silence.

"She was shaven," she whispered. "Completely hairless, absolutely smooth. Absolutely beautiful."

I didn't need to ask who she meant, an image of Nico's pubes filling my mind's eye.

"She said I should do the same," she continued, "which, as far as I was concerned, was no less than an order. Then she said that if I came round on the following Wednesday, she would do it for me."

I decided to remain quiet. She sounded as if she was in one of her musing moments which was fine by me. I waited.

"She said she would buy me something to wear to go with it," she went on, her voice almost a whisper. "I didn't know what she meant but I didn't care. I would have worn anything, or nothing for her."

I positioned my index fingertip on top of her nipple and circulated it gently. She moaned encouragingly so I continued to do it in silence.

"She fucked me," she said simply. "As only a woman can. She took off my thong and licked and sucked me until I screamed, and then she did it again and again. Her fingers were so soft and her nails were indescribable. Then she taught me to do the same to her: how to spread her with my fingertips so I could get my tongue deeper, how to tease her clit with quick movements, and how to finger her and frig her. It was wonderful, just wonderful."

I waited for her to continue, strangely enjoying her 'sound bite' narrative. 

"She let me suck her tits," she said at last. "She had me lie with my head in her lap, looking up at her, suckling as if I was a baby. While she was doing it, she stroked my hair. It was the nearest thing I have ever known to heaven."

At this, my cock took on another step on the hardness scale.

"I found out later that she measured 36 double 'H'," she went on with a slight excitement in her voice. "I couldn't get enough of her nipples. They were so big, just mouth-watering, and so fabulous. She looked down at me and kept saying: 'suck me, baby, suck me'. I could have done it all night."

This time, the break in her narrative was longer but I kept my counsel. I was so enthralled and aroused it was unbelievable.

"Sometimes, when I was suckling one of her nipples, she would lift up her other breast and suck it while she watched me," she continued. "It was wonderful."

I could believe it.

"I don't remember trying to go to sleep, let alone doing so," she continued, "but I'll never forget as long as I live waking up with Nico sucking my nipples. I thought it was all a dream but there she was, naked and obviously aroused if her nipples were any sort of guide. She made me cum twice more before I couldn't take any more and she relented. I was shattered."

This time, the pause seemed to continue longer but I didn't mind. She surprised me though when she eventually did speak.

"Do you want my arse?" she asked quietly. "You can have it if you want. Lying just like this."

Pamela had always liked anal sex and I was crazy about it. Usually, however, she liked it lying on her front or sitting back on my hips. This was different but I wasn't going to complain. I moaned agreement and manoeuvred to get into position.

"You'll have to get me ready first," she interjected. 

I ran my fingers down between her arse cheeks and on to slide them inside her sodden cunt, coating them in her arousal. Gently, unsure as to the sharpness of my nails, I began to massage her tight hole. She breathed out. Rotating a finger, ever so slowly, I started the long journey towards opening her up for my cock. It took some time but her moans suggested she was enjoying it almost as much as I was the anticipation of what was to follow. At last, with two fingers buried to the second knuckle inside her, I knew she was ready, so, using my hands on her hips with my thumbs opening her cheeks, I positioned the bell-end of my cock against her sphincter and eased forward.

"Yesssssssssss!" she groaned as inch after inch entered her fundament. "Oh fuck, you feel so big!"

I tried to control myself, the temptation to bury everything inside her and start fucking her hard was almost too much to resist but I knew if I did I would fill her with cum in seconds. This was too good to seek quick gratification. Slowly, oh so slowly, I edged in and out, hardly moving but revelling in her tightness. She stayed silent as I moved towards a steady rhythm: in, out, in out. I had been doing this for maybe a couple of minutes before she suddenly spoke.

"Push it all the way in," she breathed, "and hold it there."

Hardly breathing, I eased forward and held her hip with one hand to gain purchase, aiding my entry until my balls pressed against her cheeks. I was in. All the way. I held the pressure without moving. 

"Oh baby!" I gasped. "That feels so good."

I held the position for upwards of a minute, my cock straining against me to start to move. At last, I eased back and resumed the slow movement but pushing further inside her with each stroke. The pleasure, the sensation, the intensity was beyond belief as we remained silent for what seemed an age. 

"Did you do this to Nichola?" she breathed at last. "Did she let you fuck her arse? Tell me. I want to know."

The question was enough, more than enough. I lost control and started fucking as hard as I could, spurting jet after jet of hot cum inside her with a vision of Nichola's incredible arse and legs emblazoned in my mind's eye.

"Fuck yeah!" I gasped. "She ... she just loved it! Ohhhhhhhhh!"

A few moments later, we lay alongside each other, our hands to ourselves.

"I'm sorry," I began, wishing I hadn't been so honest. "I shouldn't have said ..."

She rolled over and placed a fingertip on my lips, silencing me.

"Baby, Baby, it's alright," she hushed, her smiling eyes looking down at me. "I wanted to know, don't be upset, I'm not. I just wanted to know what she liked."

"But why Nichola?" I asked. "You've seen my list. Why not Alison or Melanie or ...?"

"Or Sheila or Jill," she interjected. "Yes, I've seen your list, but I've also read your scoring notes. Nichola was the best in bed, you said, so I'm interested in her."

I remained quiet for a moment, disbelieving what I was hearing. This must be real. She must be serious. Did I want another woman in our bed? Fuck, yes! Which red-blooded guy wouldn't? But Nichola? We had driven each other crazy with arguments. Sure, she looked a million dollars and fucked a whole lot more but why the hell would she want to see me again? I thought about her for a moment. She would be around forty five by now, probably with a dozen kids with that guy who married her not long after we split exhausted. What was his name? I couldn't recall. I wondered if they were still together. And where would she be? I had lost contact not long after she married and that was getting on for ten years ago. She could be anywhere. I shook my head in the silence but couldn't get the strawberry blonde out of my mind's eye. Those shining eyes and that mouth that was just made for sucking cock, those pert tits with their tiny nipples ... oh yes! The legs, those long, long legs that were almost always encased in stockings, propped up by her ever-present three-inch black heels. I shuddered at the thought. And that cunt, oh yes, that gorgeous cunt she loved to push into my face. I recalled the time I asked her to shave and she said she would but only if I did it for her. What a night that was. All these memories came flooding back, nostalgia and arousal. Suddenly, I felt Pamela's hand rest on my cock.

"Thinking about Nichola?" she whispered, rolling onto her side to press her face into my shoulder, her hand gripping my sticky, softening cock. "Don't stop."

I didn't answer, betraying it was the truth.

"Let me help," she added, starting to gently massage the shaft, trying to breathe life into it. "Tell me what you're thinking about."

"I was actually trying to remember her married name," I admitted before it came back to me. "Yes, Spencer. She became Nichola Spencer."

I smiled to myself, suddenly embarrassed.

"Go on," she urged. "What did she like to do for you?"

I tried to pull together my thoughts.

"She used to sit on my cock, facing away from me," I began, a little nervously. "There was a big wardrobe mirror facing the bed and she liked to watch herself. She would lean back towards me so she got a better view of my cock inside her. Then she would play with her nipples and reach down and rub her clit. She loved to watch herself wanking."

"What did you do when she was doing it?" she asked, somewhat breathlessly, giving away the fact that she was using her other hand on herself.

"I played with her arse," I replied simply, prompting a moan from Pamela which encouraged me. "I loved to have an extra pillow under my head so I could see much better. I liked to spread her cheeks with both hands so I could see her arsehole. It turned me on like hell. I would finger it, pushing one, then two fingers in and out as if it were my cock. Then I would slap her cheeks, spanking her with my hand, which she loved me to do, always begging me to do it harder ..."

"Like I'm always wanting you to do," she put in. "I really wish you would let your gentlemanly inhibitions go when I'm over your knee and slap me hard, really hard. It's what I really want. Sorry, I interrupted you."

"Yeah, I know you do," I acknowledged. "OK, the next time you wear that old schoolgirl outfit you have for me, I'll put you over the desk in the study and give you a damn good thrashing."

"You might be interested to know that Nico bought me that schoolgirl uniform," she said quietly. "I've had it all these years. It's a good thing I'm still much the same shape. Maybe I'll try it on later and we'll see if you live up to your promise?"

"Nico bought it?" I asked, astonished, picturing the white blouse, blue tie, short grey wrap-around skirt, white panties, white knee-length socks and black flat shoes.

"It was when I went back after our first night together," she explained, squeezing my cock deliciously, stirring it back into life. "It was a few days later and I don't think I could have played with myself more while I was waiting to return if I had tried. She had said she was going to shave me and would buy me something to go with it. She bought me the outfit."

"And she shaved you?" I pressed, an image of Pamela's cunt flashing up in my mind's eye. She had shaved and waxed for as long as I had known her and I loved it. Licking it when it was freshly done was incredible.

"Yes," she revealed, somewhat breathlessly. "She had me lie on the bed naked on a towel. It was an incredible experience, especially as she kept talking to me while she was doing it about how much she was looking forward to the outfit she had bought me. When she was done, I had hoped we would have made love but she stood back up and looked down at me and said it was time to do my hair."

"Your hair?" I repeated, confused. "I thought you said she had shaved you?"

"Not that hair, this hair, idiot," she retorted, shaking her platinum blonde locks as best she could as she lay alongside me. "She had my red silk robe to one side and helped me into it."

"So you left your red kit at her place?" I interjected before considering how she would have explained it at home. "Actually, you would, wouldn't you? Sorry, go on."

"Yes, I was hardly likely to be parading around at home in front of my parents dressed like that, was I?" she observed. "Before I left the first time, Nico had taken me into the next bedroom and said I could leave anything I wanted to there and treat it as my room, which excited me and frightened me at the same time."

"How do you mean, frightened?" I asked, loving the gentle massaging of my cock.

"Well, I wanted this arrangement, Nico and I, to go on," she replied, "but it had to be secret. I didn't exactly look forward to telling my parents that I was having a lesbian relationship with a woman twice my age. I would have been the talk of the village for all the wrong reasons."

"OK, go on, Nico helped you into your silk dressing gown?" I urged, changing the subject before a thought occurred to me. "By the way, what was she wearing? Her black silk equivalent?"

"No, she was in jeans and a blouse," replied Pamela, running her hand down to gently massage my balls before returning to the shaft. "She took me over to her dressing table and sat me down. My hair was about as long as it is now so it was a bit long for what she wanted but she did her best and I soon had four pigtails, two on each side, done up with red ribbons. It made me look younger but I quite liked it."

"Hence the schoolgirl uniform!" I cried, my cock jumping at the thought. "Of course!"

"Yes," agreed Pamela. "Nico then suggested I go into 'my room' where I would find my present on the bed. I should get dressed and then come downstairs. So I walked out across the landing into 'my room' and saw the uniform laid out on the bed. There was even a satchel with a pencil case, ruler and notebook, oh, and a blazer, I don't know where that went to. It must be somewhere."

"It shall be found," I decreed, almost offended as this had been denied me.

"It'll be in my wardrobe somewhere, in my little stash of things for you not to see, just like your dirty magazines hidden from me," she replied. "Anyway, I got ready and spent ages looking at myself in the mirror. I was nineteen but I must have looked younger with the pigtails. Eventually I made my way downstairs, not quite knowing what was to happen next. I arrived in the hall and was about to enter the lounge when I heard a voice coming from the study saying 'Come here, young lady!' in a stern tone."

"Oh fuck!" I groaned as the image started to fill out in my mind. "She was your headmistress!"

"I walked slowly through the partly opened door and found Nico leaning back against her desk looking like thunder, or as much thunder as she could muster with her beautiful face. Her hair was tied back in a bun and she wore black-rimmed glasses and she was wearing a black cloak and gown like they used to wear in schools and she was holding one of those canes with a curved end."

I groaned.

"But the image wasn't perfect as I noticed she was wearing black stilettos and what I assumed were stockings which wasn't what the headmistress wore at St Trinian's," she continued, "as far as I could remember."

"But better," I commented with relish before a thought occurred to me. "Baby, this is real, isn't it? You aren't just making this up as a fantasy just to turn me on?"

"Why would I have a schoolgirl uniform if it was?" she retorted reasonably. "I didn't get it for you and I've told you that you are the only man I've ever had. Honest baby, yes, it's true. When you get to meet Nico you can ask her."

I was stunned. 

"Meet her?" I cried incredulously. "I don't understand. I thought you ... are you still seeing her?"

"Baby, baby, of course not," she replied, soothingly, running a fingertip up and down my hardening cock. "She finished with me on my twenty first birthday, trading me in for a younger model. Nico likes young pussy and I was past it then as far as she was concerned. To be honest, I think I knew I had to move on too as Nico was wanting me to move in with her and that had all sorts of difficulties with it, and in any case, I had met Dana ..."

"Dana," I interjected.

"I'll tell you all about her another time," she replied. "No, as I knew I was going to tell you all this, I thought you might want to meet my 'girlfriends' so I contacted Nico on the assumption she would still have the same mobile number. She did and we had a good chat. She'll be in her early-fifties now but by the sound of it she hasn't changed as she tells me she has an Asian girl staying with her at the moment. Anyway, she has invited us both to dinner at her place next Friday and to stay over if we wish. Assuming you were alright with it, I said we would."

"Stay over?" I repeated warily. 

"Listen, baby, Nico is lesbian, through and through," she countered. "We'll be staying in 'my room' and Nico will be with her Asian pussy in hers, you can rely on that."

I thought about all of this and she knew I wasn't upset about the arrangement given the increasing hardness of my cock. She gave it a squeeze which prompted a deep intake of breath which made her giggle. She came closer to my ear with her mouth.

"You like the idea of Asian pussy?" she whispered. "Don't you?"

"I don't know," I replied, evasively, giving no doubt as to my real opinion."

"Well, remember what I said," she replied with a knowing giggle. "If we happen to find an Asian woman that we both find attractive and she wants to join us then we can find out what Asian pussy tastes like. That's the idea, remember?"

I reflected a moment with a growing smile on my face.

"You do like the idea!" she cried, her voice growing higher. "I had no idea. Your stash has no Asian girl magazines so I had assumed they didn't do much for you. Am I wrong?"

"Well, if you were to serve up a nice slim Korean for starter, a busty Japanese for main course and a leggy Thai for dessert," I admitted with a laugh, "I don't think I would go hungry."

"We'll have to see what we can do," she reflected, allowing her head to fall back on the pillow.

I shook my head incredulously.

"Want me to go on?" she asked, still in my ear. "Or should we save it? Yes, let's save it for tonight, both the story and your hard-on. I promise it will be worth it. I know! Why don't we go pussy hunting in town? It'll be fun."

"Pussy hunting?" I repeated. "What? You mean ..."

Pamela leaped out of bed and made for the shower.

"It's my new name for looking for girls we both like," she cried, replying over her shoulder as she entered the bathroom. "Let's see if we can spot anyone. Who knows, beginner's luck might result in us picking someone up. We'd better make the bed, just in case!"

She disappeared and I shook my head. Oh yeah, just walking up to some fit blonde in the middle of the supermarket and inviting her back for a threesome, just like that! Look through the window, can you see the pigs flying past? Still, if we did see someone, it might be fun fantasising about what it might have been like. That was an idea. I got up and, after a further reflection, I carefully straightened the duvet and made my own way to the other bathroom.
