 It is 10am and you have just come back to your office after a very stressful morning meeting. Your desk is covered in work and you have five messages on the phone already that you need to deal with. Stressed out you make a start, sorting the paperwork into piles, working out which one to tackle first. The phone goes and you ignore it, you really need to concentrate. It goes again, and then again. Eventually you pick it up "What?!" you shout into the mouthpiece. 

A very calm voice replies "Never ignore my calls, you will pay for that."

It takes a minute for you to realise that the female Northern Irish voice is actually mine. You smile but I cut you off with "Listen to me and do exactly as I say."

Your cock stirs at this. But your brain is still in gear. "This really is not a good time for..."

"Shh. All you are allowed to think about is me. Now go to the door and open it. Keep it ajar by placing something against the frame."

You get up and open the door, grabbing a stapler from the desk to keep it from closing again. You pick up the phone again. "OK, I've done that." 

"Pull your chair into the middle of the room. Strip off all your clothes. Take your tie and tie it around your eyes. Sit down facing the door and wait."

"Hang on a minute" you say, as you think about who could walk into your office and find you sitting there, blindfolded, naked and with a rapidly stiffening cock.

The line goes dead. You look around your office, all the work piled up, the lights flashing on the phone. "What the hell," you think to yourself, "I deserve a little break anyway...." You get up and start to remove your clothes. You take off your jacket and place it on a spare chair, and pull out your tie. You unbutton your shirt and shiver as the cold air hits your chest. Your heart is beating hard, and you are not sure if it is excitment or fear you are feeling. You sit in the chair to remove your shoes and socks, and these get placed neatly under the spare chair. You want to be able to put your clothes back on quickly if you hear someone coming. Your trousers are next and as you unzip the fly your cock pushes forward into the space, vying to get out. You hook your thumbs into the waist of your boxers and hesitate as you become aware of the reality of what you are doing. Your heart is hammering now as you slowly pull your boxers down. Your now hard cock pops up against your stomach, free at last from its confines. Your trousers and boxers go on to the chair. You lift your tie from the desk and sit down in your chair that is now int he middle of the room, facing the door. You fasten your tie around your eyes, cutting offf your vision. Lastly, you put your hands down and grip the arms of the chair.

Seconds pass and with no sight, your hearing is heightened. You catch your breath at every noise. Your heart beats hard in your ears, and you feel cold and exposed. You start to think about what would happen if someone stopped by your office. You start to panic as you can't remember your appointments, is someone due to call in? As your mind races, you hear the door to outside open.

You hold your breath. You can hear feet on the stairs. Your grip on the arms of the chair tightens. You know it should be me, but what if it isn't? You start to get up out of the chair, but freeze as you hear the door to your office open. This is it. Someone is going to scream now, surely, but will it be you or the visitor? You are frozen, half out of the chair, unable to see anything. A few seconds pass and you realise that it must be me, as someone else would have made a noise by now. The door closes tight and you sit back in the seat, releived.

You have no idea where I am in the room. You can sense my presence but you can't locate me. Suddenly, you feel hot breath on your neck. My tongue touches you just under your ear and you flinch. I say nothing. I lick down your neck and on to your chest, and then I place my hands on your chest and steady myself as I straddle you. Still I say nothing. You feel me coming closer and prepare youself for a kiss, but I take your bottom lip between my teeth and I bite down. You wince as I pull backwards, pulling your lip out. You lift your hands to touch me but I place my hands over them and push them back on to the armrest of the chair. I kiss you then, and you are expecting pain so you're suprised by the gentleness of my kiss. My tongue darts into your mouth and I push against you as the passion builds up. I let my weight settle in your lap as I wrap my arms around you. Your cock is resting between our hot bodies and you can feel my stomach pushed against the underside, and the heat of my pussy against your balls. Precum glistens at the top of your cock. Then, as quickly as I kissed you, I am gone.

The door opens again and you realise, I have actually left. You are alone. You can feel a draft, and you start to panic as I have left the door open. Wide open. You start to get out of your chair, thinking "enough is enough". But the door slamming shocks you and you fall back into the seat. I am making a lot of noise now as I put things down and unzip a bag. You hear me pull something out of the bag but you don't know what it is. A hand is on your back pushing you forward and you come out of the seat and on to the floor. It feels softer than you remember. You spread your hands out and make out a duvet spread over the floor. Two hands guide you over so you are lying on your back on the duvet. Your head is lifted and a cushion placed underneath it so you are comfortable lying on the floor. You smell something, flowers perhaps? The sound of two hands rubbing together and then they are on your shoulders. The sweet smelling massage oil is warm and envigorating as two hands start to massage your shoulders and under your neck. The pressure is firm and you relax into it. The hands then run up the back of your neck and into your hair, massaging your head. A groan escapes your lips as all the tension releases you. Your lack of sight is allowing you to completely enjoy the sensations of the hands running through your hair, massaging your neck, up behind your ears then pulling your hair slightly, and releasing, pulling and releasing.

Just as you are drifting away in your mind, the sound of my voice brings you back to reality. This is the first time I have spoken and I never stop from running my hands through your hair as I say "Do you trust me?" "Yes" you whisper and I reply "Then just relax and enjoy this". You wonder what I am talking about as you are relaxed and enjoying it. I am still running my hands through your hair and I bend over you and kiss you, softly. You kiss me back and your hips thrust forward slightly as your cock catches up with your brain. Then you feel warm lips around the head of your cock. It takes a minute to register that my lips are still kissing you. Then WHO is kissing your cock? Your body stiffens and I stop kissing you and whisper in your ear "Trust me".

The mouth on your cock is now encasing your shaft and the head moves down so that you are completely inside the person's mouth. You assume it is female but it does cross your mind that it could be male... I start to kiss my way down your body to join the mouth over your cock. The two of us take it in turns to swallow your shaft, deep into our throats. There is some movement from us and then one of us is between your legs, pushing them apart and up. Your feet are brought up to support under your thighs, allowing access to your balls and perinium. One of your balls is taken into one mouth just as your cock is taken into the other. The mouth on your shaft works up and down, slowly and languidly as a tongue runs up the underside and over the head. Each time the head goes down your cock touches the back of the throat. The other one of us is licking around your balls and down over your perinium. A hand goes on to your balls as you feel the point of a hot, wet tongue against your ass. Precum oozes from the top of your cock. The stimulation, the excitment, the nervousness about what is happening to you begins to overwhelm you and feel your prostate start to tighten. Still the two mouths and the fingers don't stop, the tongue in your ass, the hands on your balls, and the mouth around your shaft. Your eyes roll back into your head as you start to cum, spurting jet after jet of cum down the throat of the person sucking your cock. All of your cock is emcompassed by the warm mouth, and every drop of hot, salty semen goes straight down her throat. The tongue on your ass never stops.

The mouth lifts off your cock and there is some more shuffling but you barely notice as the sound of the blood pumping round your body is so loud in your ears. You can smell what is coming before you feel it, as a wet pussy is positioned over your mouth. Her legs are either side of your head and she is hovering over your face. You don't know if it is me, or the 'phantom mouth' but you do know that you need to taste that pussy. You push your tongue out and are rewarded with the warm wetness of a very aroused pussy. She pushes down on to your tongue and it slips inside her, and she leans forward so your nose is on her clit. She starts to ride your face and you are struggling to breathe as her womanly scent fills your nostrils and her juices are smeared over your cheeks. You keep moving your tongue though, never stopping from the stabbing movements that are driving her so wild. She gets faster and is really grinding into your face. Her juices are really flowing now and you have to keep swallowing them so that you can breathe. Faster and faster she gets until you feel her pussy muscles tighten against your tongue and hot juice squirts out and into your mouth, her clit is pushed against your nose so hard that an intake of breath is impossible. She stays there until you start to move your head, clearly getting uncomfortable with the lack of breath. Then she rises and her pussy is quickly replaced by a second one. "At least it is two women!" you think with relief. This one is facing the other way around, and the smell is musky now as your nose is pressed against her ass. Your tired tongue goes out again and pushes up into the pussy. You feel the other woman lie down on top of your body and her lips are on your chin, and then off them again. You realise that she is licking the clit of the woman on top of your face.

Your cock is rock hard again now and you push your tongue in and out of the pussy that is literally pouring juices all over your face. You occasionally bump tongues with the other woman as she furiously licks the clit in front of her. Your nose is pushed right up against her asshole as she gyrates on your face. You need to feel what is going on so you wrap you arms around the woman on top of you and run your hands up and over her body. Her skin is smooth and her ass is rounded. You run your hands over the moons of her ass, pulling her cheeks apart as you do so. Your reach even further and push your fingers between her cheeks, trying to reach her pussy. She moves forward and upwards to allow you access and you push one finger from each hand deep inside her. She is still licking the clit of the girl who is sitting on your face, and as she moans with the instrusion of your fingers, the girl on your face starts to moan too. She is pushing herself against your tongue now, pushing her ass into your nose. She starts to cum and again you have to swallow to keep up with the squirts of juice that are pouring down your throat. Your tongue is going in and out with all the strength you have, and your fingers are pounding into the pussy that is straddling your chest. The cumming girl slows as her orgasm eventually subsides and she lifts off your face. The girl on top of you starts to kiss you, eager to share the juices that are all over your face. You feel the other girl kissing your face too as they both clean their juices off your face.

You are grinning and feel quite pleased with yourself that you have just brought two women to orgasm with your tongue. You bring your fingers up and add them to the mix, pushing them into both mouths and all the juices on them are licked off eagerly.

Then hands are on your chest and you feel both of us straddle you. You feel with your hands that we are facing eachother, one of us either side of your cock. Warm hands go round your cock and hold it steady as one of us lowers our pussy down on top of it. It feels warm and tight and so amazing as it rides your cock, up and down, up and down. Your hands reach out, wanting to control things, but are pushed away. Her pussy lifts off your cock and then the second one replaces it. This is from a different angle as it is the one of us who is closest to you. You reach out and cup her ass cheeks as she moves up and down, her pussy moving up and down your shaft. Your thumb pushes forward against her asshole, and you push inside. Her pussy lifts off your cock and is replaced again by the other one. Keeping your thumb in the ass infront of you, this sharing of your cock goes on and on - a few strokes in one pussy before it is replaced by the other. We are both groaning as we share your delicious cock, and you can hear us kissing passionately. While the one of us who is closest to you is riding your cock, the other one reaches down and pushes a wet finger into your ass. You respond by pushing two fingers hard into the ass in front of you, and you can feel your cock through the thin membrane as the rythymn never falters. The finger in your ass is moving in and out, getting deeper each time. As it reaches in all the way to the knuckle, it curls forward and pushes against your prostate. You feel her mouth on your balls as the other one of us rides your cock, up and down. You can't beleive this is happening. You have a finger in your ass and a mouth on your balls while some is fucking you and you are fingering their ass. This is all getting too much for you and as the finger in your ass pushes hard on your prostate, you start to cum again, shooting streams of hot white cum into the pussy on your cock. She lifts off and is relaced by the mouth from your balls, and you cum deep inside her mouth. It seems like it will never end, and you think surely you must be empty of cum now as jet after jet spurts out of your cock.

Eventually you soften and you remove your fingers from the ass they are in as the finger is removed from yours. You lie on the duvet on the floor, slowly getting your breath back. You hear us moving around but barely register what is going on; you are so away with it. We guide you with our hands back into the chair and you lean back, wide grin on your sticky face, heart still hammering.

Then there is silence. "Girls?" you call out? "Are you there?" Silence. Slowly you push your tie up over your eyes, blinking in the harsh light of your office. You come back to reality, there is your desk, your work still waiting for you, and there is the phone with all the lights flashing. But we are no where to be seen. You turn towards the door and leap towards it with the terrifying realisation that the door is wide open, and you are naked in the middle of your office, at 11.30 in the morning. You close the door and sit back in your chair, still naked. You are wondering if what happened was real. But the smell of sex in the room is unmistakable. Then you notice out of the corner of your eye that the phone is not resting properly, so that it is just off the hook. You replace it and it rings immediately.

"Well, did you enjoy that?" I say on the other end of the line. "Yes! Oh my god yes!" you reply. "Where did you go? I wanted to see you, and I wanted to see whoever the other girl was! Who was she?!"

"Maybe another time" I reply and the line goes dead once more.