 I was trying to work my way through school so I took this job selling newspaper subscriptions door to door. It was a Friday evening and I was getting pretty tired when I knocked on a door in this apartment. Well when the door opened I thought I'd died and gone to heaven. This cute little blond, about 5'5" stood at the door with a tank top and silk jogging shorts that clung to her well developed 38-22- 36 body.

I could hardly talk as it was obvious she didn't have on a bra and her nipples stood out like someone had sucked on them for the last 20 minutes. She asked what I wanted and I started to tell her about the newspaper. She asked me to come in and sit at the kitchen table. About that time I thought I was seeing double as in came her daughter. They looked so much alike I thought they were twins. The mother's name was Sarah and Sally was the daughter. What a pair, I mean both pair.

I again started to explain why I was there when Sarah asked if I would like a drink. I said a coke would be great. She went to the fridge and bent down to get the drinks and her jogging shorts jumped up her crack and out peaked the blondest pussy hair I'd ever seen. Sally saw me watching and immediately her eyes fell to the hard spot in the front of my pants.

Sarah brought the drinks and sat down. Sally then dropped her lighter on the floor and when she bent down to pick it up I saw one beautiful set of tits hanging down waiting to be squeezed and played with. Her mother was also watching and asked if I liked to look at breasts? I didn't know what to say and I mumbled a yea or something.

Again I started to explain my visit when in walked, Sabrina, the other sister. She didn't look like Sarah or Sally. She had coal black hair and dark eyes that reeked with sex. Sabrina had a bath robe on that was open enough to see that the curls at her crotch were as black as the hair on her head. Her tits were smaller then her mother and sister's, but they stood straight out holding the robe up and away from her gorgeous body.

By now I didn't even know why I was there. Sabrina sat with us and we all kind of looked at each other. The mother kept her stares at my cock and I was certainly getting hot. I saw Sally reach down between her legs and start a circle motion with her hand. The whole time she was doing it her tits heaved with each breath she took and the nipples were about to break through the cloth.

It wasn't long before I saw Sabrina drop her hand to her crotch. She didn't even care that the robe was completely open and her entire beautiful body was there for me to take in. The mother was still staring at my cock and it felt like it was going to shoot off right there. Before I could start my speech again I felt a hand stoke my leg. I stood up and told them I couldn't take it anymore. If they didn't stop what they were doing I would fuck them all. Sarah asked if I thought I could handle all three of them? I told her I'd give it all I had which was about 9 inches. It felt like it was 14 inches as hot as I was.

Sarah dropped to her knees and said she wanted to see this three woman pleaser and before I knew what was happening she had my cock out and was licking the head like it was a lollipop. The other two girls couldn't have ole mom outdo them, so before I could say nipple, I had four tits staring me in the face. What's a man to do but start sucking and licking. Sarah was really doing a number on my nine inches. She didn't stop at the head, she was about to have all of that meat down her throat in no time flat. I reached over and started to massage Sally and Sabrina's pussy. I couldn't believe how wet these two cunts were already. It felt like someone had shot a load in their cunts and it just stayed there. I'd never felt two wetter hotter cunts in my life.

Sarah pulled her sucking lips off my cock and suggested we retire to the living room. I was in no shape to argue at this point. I'd have followed them to the end of the earth. As soon as we reached the living room all the ladies removed every piece of clothing they had on. I wasn't going to be left out so I followed suit.

Sabrina laid on the floor and spread her shapely legs and asked if I ever ate pussy. I didn't have to be asked twice. I started to lick that jet black cunt without hesitation. It was so hot and wet that I thought it was licking me. Sally crawled between my legs and decided she was going to have a nine inch snack. She started sucking my cock so hard I thought I'd pass out. Mom wasn't going to be left out so she started to lick the blond little pussy between Sally's legs.

This went on for awhile when Sarah jumped up and said she wanted to be the first to fuck my cock. The girls certainly obeyed their mother because I was laid flat on my back and Sarah jumped on. Sally decided it was time to have me eat her pussy, so she sat on my face while her mother was pumping up and down on my cock. Sabrina did not want to be left out so she started to suck her sisters tits while I ate her honey hot cunt.

It didn't take long for me to shot a hot load of cum in Sarah. I shot so much that it started to run out of her cunt before we were both through cumming. Sabrina saw what was happening and immediately began to lick up the excess cum that was forming at the base of my cock. About that time Sally was pumping her hot little pussy on my face about 60 miles a hour. Soon she was yelling at me to lick harder. Harder she screamed. The harder I licked the faster she moved. She was pushing that cunny so hard on my face, I thought my nose was going to break. She was gushing hot pussy juice all over my face. The whole time she kept pulling at her hard long nipples. They were so hard they looked as if they were going to shoot cum.

I thought I'd really had it and was done until Sabrina said it was her turn. She began to suck me until I was hard again. I really didn't think I could get hard again, but these women really knew how to please a cock. Sabrina was just like her mother when in came to cock pleasing. Before I knew it, she had all nine inches down her throat and was using her tongue to tickle my balls. It wasn't very long before my meat was again ready for a hot hole. She slid her hot pussy down my shaft in one quick motion. Sally saw the opportunity and began to suck Sabrina's tits while she was stoking my cock. The mother told me it was time for me to eat her cunt since I'd already fucked her. She straddled my already soaking wet face and started to grind her wetness into my face. These gals had the hottest cunts I've ever tasted. I thought her juices were going to drown me.

Sabrina was pumping my cock like there was no tomorrow. She had the great control over her cunt muscles. As she was sliding up, she would tighten her cunt and it almost pulled my cock out of its socket. Sabrina started to scream, "I'm cumming, give me more cock. Fill my hot hole with cum. Fuck me harder." Hell I was just laying there. Sarah continued to grind that clit into my mouth. About every three seconds I could feel her pussy juices spraying my tired tongue. Sally had now switched and started to suck her mothers tits. Watching that I felt a huge load of cum starting to reach the end of my cock. I told Sabrina to hold on that I was going to fill that cunt with hot cum. Sarah then yelled, "I cumming with yea," and she moved that cunt even faster on my tongue.

I shot a load like I didn't know I had. I think I pumped for another 5 minutes before I collapsed with exhaustion. I'd had all I could take for one night.

I didn't thing I'd make it that night, but I'll say one thing about t hose three ladies. If they ever find a man to stay with them permanently, he'll never be lacking for sex. I never did sell any papers, but who cares. Money isn't everything.