 I continue eating until there's no more juice to drink. And even though her pussy has stopped squirting, she tastes just as good as Venezia and I can't stop. Roxie doesn't stop moaning and that makes Venezia have to pull my face out of Roxie herself.

"Stop being such a greedy boy."

"I told you her pussy is incredible," I answer groaning from wanting more.

I continue staring down at Roxie cute, swollen pussy as Venezia kisses her again.

"Get up," Venezia commands Roxie.

Roxie slides off the couch and stands in front of Venezia. Venezia turns toward Roxie and kisses at her pussy while pulling her closer. Roxie puts her hands on top of Venezia's head and grinds her pussy against Venezia's face. I sit back on the couch and watch for a while as the sexy Latina licks away at the tall brunette's pussy.

I reach over and pull Venezia's hips up onto my lap, making myself groan as her wet lips rub against my dick. She pulls Roxie over with her and keeps Roxie in front of us while position herself over my cock. I shove my length into Venezia as Roxie pushes her pussy back onto Venezia's face. I slowly thrust up into Venezia, not wanting to disrupt her from eating some of Roxie's perfect pussy. I can taste her flavor on my tongue as I feel Venezia's luxurious pussy wrapped around my cock.

My entire body is tingling so much it feels like miniature orgasm washing over me. I lean all the way back on the couch and watch Venezia's bubbly ass bounce up and down on my bulging member while imagining her Latin tongue flicking at Roxie's cute, little clit. There is still some small remnants of my cum on the sides of Roxie's head sticking to her hair, and the sight of it makes me throb harder inside of Venezia. Her once cum covered tits are shaking under the sensations of Venezia's talented mouth.

Venezia starts bouncing on my thrusts as her pussy demands my attention. I snap out of my fantasy world to begin ramming Venezia's pussy. I know she likes it hard and fast, but I still don't want to disrupt Roxie's buffet. As Roxie begins moaning louder while pulling on Venezia's hair, I decide to race Venezia's pussy against Roxie's.

As I pump into Venezia's more and more, Roxie's moans are getting harder. I can hear Venezia's muffled moans as she has Roxie's pussy sucked into her mouth. I can feel her pussy clenching more and harder with every thrust. She puts one hand on my knee and clinches completely as her orgasms burst on my cock.

Her mouth hangs open against Roxie's pussy, forcing Roxie to face-fuck Venezia until she's cumming. Venezia's cumming pussy quivers on me as Roxie drips some juice onto Venezia's face. Venezia has to pull away from Roxie's pussy to breathe, so she leans back to rest against me.

Roxie is still standing there cumming a little bit, so she stumbles over to the couch and collapses next to me. I reach over and rub her pussy until she's whimpering in my ear for me to stop. She laughs and rolls closer to me for a kiss while leaving my hand to play with her pussy.

"She can't eat pussy like you."

"That's because I'm an addict."

Venezia slides off my cock and stands up in front of us. Before I can reach over and slap her perfect ass, Roxie does it for me. We both groan from the sight of all of Venezia ass meat jiggling like it was two massive water balloons. Venezia moans from Roxie's slap and turns to both of us.

"I couldn't eat you out right because I was cumming to hard to focus," Venezia explains.

Roxie giggles and looks at Venezia, "Well I think I could better, no matter how hard I'm cumming."

"Really," I ask while rubbing over her clit hard and fast until she closes her legs and moans on my hand.

She smiles at me, "Yes, really."

Venezia walks over to Roxie and grabs her hips. She pulls Roxie off the couch and stands her up in front of me with her back turned to me. I slap Roxie's little ass to make her moan as she made Venezia moan. Her ass doesn't jiggle as much, but her tight ass snaps back into place like I never even slapped it. Venezia pulls Roxie down for a kiss and I can see the trails of dried cum that have mixed with their sweat, and is now making their bodies shiny and stick together.

Venezia pushes Roxie down in my lap and leans over her to continue kissing. She reaches down and rubs Roxie's pussy open while using her other hand to move my cock underneath Roxie. I reach around and grab the outside of Roxie's pussy to hold her open as Venezia slides her down onto my dick. My dick throbs harder and harder with every inch that Roxie engulfs.

Her legs shake as she slides down until she's sitting in my lap. I can feel her pussy still twitching with her legs even as she leans back against me. I slowly slide my hand up her pussy until it's at her naval. Her tight body clinches softly with each of her breaths as Venezia continues to rub her pussy.

I hold onto Roxie's body and lean us all the way back on the couch until we're nearly lying down on my back. She tries to sit up and pose, but Venezia lies on top of her. Venezia kisses her way up Roxie's body until their lips meet, and they moan in each other's mouths as their clits rub together. I use my well-positioned dick to grind Roxie's pussy into Venezia's to make them moan louder.

Venezia breaks her kiss with Roxie and kisses me before standing up in front of us.

"I want you to fuck her just like you were fucking me," she commands with a sexy jealous tone.

Roxie slightly rocks her hips on my cock until she moans, "Bring it on bitch," to Venezia.

Venezia leans over Roxie and grabs her throat to hold her still.

"You ready little bitch?"

Roxie bites her bottom lip and moans, "Give me that sweet pussy to eat." Venezia climbs up on the couch and stands over Roxie, and starts moving her pussy towards Roxie's mouth. "Let me eat it. I want it."

The moment Venezia's pussy touches Roxie's mouth; I begin fucking up into Roxie. Her pussy clenches for a second before releasing and absorbing all the abuse. Her fat lips slap against my sack as my balls bounce up to smack against her pussy. I grab onto her hips and hold her still as she tries eating Venezia out above me. Venezia is looking down at Roxie struggling to keep her clit in her mouth and is smiling at her.

"Having trouble?"

"Shut up."

"Eat it, bitch. Eat my pussy."

There aggressive talking makes my dick throb harder inside of Roxie, and I feel her swollen G-spot pulsating to my thrusts. Roxie's body is bouncing above me and her back is beginning to curl around. I lean up and kiss at her back as she moans into Venezia's pussy more and more. Venezia begins moaning as Roxie gets a hold of her clit and starts sucking on it like she drinking from a straw.

Venezia's legs shake and she has to sit on Roxie's face to keep from falling. Roxie puts her feet on my knees as her legs begin curling up and her pussy quivers. The tightness of her walls squeeze around me more and her wetness is starting to not matter. I can tell she's about to cum and can hear Venezia moaning harder than Roxie.

I slide my hands up Roxie's body and grab her tits as they bounce around on her chest. Her nipples bounce into my hands and I pinch them to hold them still, causing to her to scream into Venezia's pussy. Roxie begins bouncing her own hips as hard as she can while feeling my cock getting bigger inside her. Her pussy pulsates harder and slowly tightens around my shaft. My veins bulge out as much as they can to prevent her from choking my dick to death.

She reaches up and pulls on Venezia's tits as her pussy clenches around my dick. I can still barely move my dick, so I continue pumping into her until her mouth is gaping so much that she's not even trying to eat out Venezia anymore.

"Oh, my god. Oh my...," Roxie's eyes roll into the back of her head as she pulls her cumming pussy off my cock. Her pussy squirts all the way to the other side of the room, soaking the little chair across from us. "Shit!" she moans uncontrollably.

She continues squirting stream after stream until a frustrated Venezia turns around and rubs the rest of the juice of her pussy. Roxie's entire body, down to her fingers and toes, shake violently on top of me as her orgasm finishes ravishing her. She rolls off of me and falls onto the floor while subsiding from her orgasm. Venezia and I look down at her pussy and see it leaking juice onto the floor as she rolls around, trying to recover from such an orgasm.

I pull Venezia closer to me and slide my hand down to her hungry pussy. I lean over and kiss her while rubbing at her dripping cunt.

"You never came did you," I ask while sliding my thumb up to her clit.

She moans and wraps her legs around my arm while whispering, "You don't get to make me cum anymore. That's her job."

She tries moving off the couch and down to Roxie, but I pull her closer to me.

"Let's get something straight." I sit her in my lap and hold her legs open with my legs. I wrap both my arms around her body to hold her against me. I slide my thumb back down to her clit and drive three fingers into her pussy. She immediately moans as my thumb plays with her clit and my fingers find her G-spot. "This is my pussy, remember that."

She giggles and moans harder as I begin finger fucking her so hard that she's screaming in seconds. I can feel her tight walls clenching around my fingers, so I start pounding at her G-spot more.

"Fuck. Fucking make me cum," she yells while putting her arms around my arms.

She screams until her body tenses in my arms and her legs start shaking. Her head leans back, her eyes close, and she holds her breath as she cums all over my fingers. I can feel her pussy gushing and snatch my fingers out so that she can squirt. She digs her nails into my arms as she squirts all over Roxie, who is lying in front of us. She groans with each stream that shoots out until her pussy can squirt no more.

I let her collapse on the floor as her orgasm begins to subside. She rolls onto Roxie's squirt covered body and kisses her until they're both alive again. Venezia slides her mouth down Roxie's body and licks at all the juice she squirted on her before kissing her way back up Roxie and swapping a squirt-kiss.

"You never made me cum," Venezia says to Roxie.

Roxie giggles and shyly looks away from Venezia's piercing eyes.

"It's not my fault. I was cumming too hard."

"What was that? What?" Venezia reaches down and grabs Roxie's clit and pulls on it, making Roxie squeal and look back at her.

"I said I was cumming too hard." She reaches down and tries to pull Venezia's hand off her clit. "I was cumming. I'm sorry but-"

Venezia jiggles Roxie's clit side to side making Roxie scream and whimper.

"What are you going to do now?" she asks Roxie.

Roxie tries cuddling up to Venezia, but Venezia slaps Roxie's pussy so hard that juice flies off. Roxie screams and moans at the same time before giggling. Venezia pulls Roxie to the center of the room and continues slapping her pussy.

"You're a nasty little thing aren't you?"

Roxie slaps her own pussy at Venezia while laughing at her.

"Ah, can't tame me," she mocks at Venezia.

Venezia looks up at me watching before looking back down at Roxie. She opens Roxie's legs and rubs her hand all over her pussy. She soaks her entire palm in Roxie's juice before turning her hand over and covering the other side in juice. She bites her lip at Roxie and slowly slides her ring and middle finger into Roxie's pussy.

Roxie leans her head back and moans, not knowing what's about to happen to her. She reaches up and grabs her tits while rocking her pussy on Venezia's fingers as Venezia slides a third finger into her pussy. Roxie's soft moans turn into one loud scream as Venezia slides a fourth finger into her hot hole. Roxie tries closing her legs, but Venezia pulls her hand away from Roxie's pussy before Roxie can do anything about it.

"What were you trying to do, split me in half?" Roxie asks out of breath.

"What do you care, she can't control you," I add to distract her.

With Roxie looking up at me, Venezia balls her fist up and begins shoving it into Roxie. Roxie immediately looks down and screams as more and more of Venezia's fist slides into her pussy. Venezia has trouble pushes passed her third knuckle as Roxie's pussy tries tightening around her fist. Venezia ignores Roxie's pussy by holding Roxie's hips still so she can continue pushing. Roxie's eyes bulge out of her head as she lies completely on her back and just screams out in a pleasure-pain mixture.

I feel the same sensations as Roxie does as my cock throbs harder and harder with every centimeter that Venezia shoves into Roxie. Roxie looks up at me trying to hold my dick still and stop it from throbbing before she looks back down Venezia. Her pussy opens wider and looks wetter as Venezia's hand slowly disappears inside her tight pussy. Roxie leans her head back and groans as she feels Venezia's entire fist inside her.

My body jerks to the sight of Venezia's hand engulfed by Roxie's pussy up to her wrist. Roxie's pussy looks completely stuffed and her stomach is bulging just as much. Roxie puts her hands around Venezia's wrist and tries holding her arm still just as Venezia begins pumping her hand back and forth inside of her. Roxie's entire body rocks with Venezia's pumping until Venezia puts her hand on Roxie's shoulder to hold her still.

"You still think I can't control you?"

Roxie isn't even able to speak, her pussy is so stuffed. Her eyes roll into the back of her head before she closes them and screams as Venezia pumps faster. Soon, Venezia's fist is jabbing at Roxie's pussy like I would be. Roxie looks like she's about to burst as her legs shake violently around Venezia's continuous thrusting.

Venezia has to let go of Roxie's shoulder to hold her legs open so she can continue fisting. Roxie lets Venezia's wrist go to pull her pussy lips open more as she looks down at her pussy getting fisting wildly. Roxie's screams are intoxicating, and I'm groaning from just the sight of her long slim body jolting from every thrust. Venezia is fisting so hard, she's grunting and groaning as loud as Roxie is screaming.

Roxie tosses her head back onto the floor and her screams turn silent as she tries to lift her hips up off the floor, but Venezia slams her hips back down. She reaches up and pulls her nipples as Venezia sends her into the strongest orgasm I've ever seen a girl have. She bends her legs up, and Venezia keeps them open as Roxie's pussy grips around her hand. I see her struggling to pull her fist out as Roxie has her in her grip. Roxie's eyes are completely rolled into the back of her head and body is jiggle from the rush of cumming so hard.

"Oh god, her pussy is so tight," Venezia groans as she tries pulling her hand out of Roxie.

Roxie's pussy gushes out just enough juice to lube Venezia's hand enough to be pulled out. The moment Venezia's hand is free from Roxie's pussy; Roxie squirts a massive stream of squirt right onto Venezia. It's so powerful; she knocks Venezia back onto her legs and starts completely drenching her in squirt. Venezia's hair and entire body are dripping with Roxie's squirt as Roxie continues squirting the same one stream on her.

I stare at Venezia's body as more and more squirt shoots onto her like she's being sprayed with a hose. Venezia puts her hands on her tits and starts to enjoy begins drenched by such a squirting pussy. She opens her mouth and tries swallowing some as it's squirting, but there's so much; her mouth is overfilling and spilling out before she can. Roxie's long stream becomes two long streams as she takes a breath and the first stream stop but is quickly replaced by a second stream.

The second stream is just as long as the first and continues drenching Venezia. Venezia looks over me and rubs her pussy seductively because she knows how hard I'm getting watching Roxie cum-squirt like this onto another person. Venezia's pussy rubbing makes her moan as Roxie's second streams weakens. She's been cumming for about three minutes straight and has been squirting the entire time. Finally, Roxie is able to scream as loud as she can as her pussy finally stops soaking Venezia, and she starts to subside from her orgasm.

Her pussy continues squirting little gushes as it pulsates from the orgasm. My dick throbs so hard from the sight of Venezia's completely drenched in juice that a huge gush of precum shoots through my shaft like I'm cumming. It actually makes my body jolt and me groan hard enough to get Venezia's attention. She looks over at me lying on the couch trying to control myself without touching my dick. There's so much pressure in my veins, my dick looks like it's twice its actual size in girth.

She moves over to me and kneels between my legs. She leans her head over my pulsating cock and squeezes some of the juice out of hair onto my cock. There's so much juice coming out of her hair, she could have filled a coffee cup with it. As the last drops drip onto my cock, she tosses her hair back and slowly moves her hands to my shaft. The moment she takes my dick in her hands and aims it towards her face, it fires a stream of precum onto her lips.

Her shiny, juice covered face becomes even sexier as my precum adds to her glimmer. She licks the precum into her mouth before wrapping her lips around the tip of my cock. I groan again as my dick throbs inside her mouth. She softly begins bobbing her head up and down until she feels me throbbing harder and faster. She slowly begins two-handed pumping me with her bobs while staring directly into my eyes.

I love watching her shiny face bob up and down while feeling her hands stroke more and more pressure out of my shaft. As more precum is pumped into her mouth, she swallows and moans like she's about to cum to soften my pressure.

When she feels most of the pressure has been taken away, she pulls her mouth off my dick and one last stream of precum plasters itself on her face. Before she can respond to it, I lean down and kiss and lick it off her face. Her body being covered in Roxie's sexy fuck-juice is too much for me. I pull her up onto the couch with me and begin licking all over her face. She wraps her hands around my neck and giggles as I go crazy over her body.

"With you around, who needs a shower?"

I am barely able to pull myself off her skin to answer, "Got that right."

"Want some more?"

I'm too busy licking my way down to her sexy tits to answer, but her hip movements send me the message. As I begin sucking all the juice off her globe tits, she slides a hand down to her pussy. She moans softly as I continue licking and sucking on her body as her hand rubs over her clit. I'm so obsessed with licking her clean; I even lick her arms dry.

She puts her other hand on the back of my head and leads me around until less and less juice is covering her body. Her moans have gotten harder, and I can feel her body rocking as her fingers pump in and out of her. As I get down to her naval, she's about to cum and the smell attracts me. I immediately head down to the back of her hand and replace her fingers with my tongue. She squeals and rubs at her clit as my tongue searches the inside of her for more juice.

It isn't long before I taste that sweet elixir on the tip of my tongue. She arches her pussy more in my face to cum all over my face. I suck on her cumming opening until she has to pull me off her pussy by force. She pushes me away and laughs while rubbing at her sensitive area.

"Ah, shit!" I continue groaning as the pressure rebuilds in my dick.

She looks down at my member and giggles.

"Oh my...," she adds while licking her lips at my power throbs. "You stay too hard. I'm not helping you anymore."

"Oh really," I say with a suggestive tone.

I grab her hips and pull her over to me. She tries holding onto the couch to stay away, but I pull her too quickly. Before she can say another word, I shove my length in her and begin fucking her hard as I can. The pressure in my dick has swollen my shaft and it's fatter inside her pussy.
