 Venezia pushes me down onto the couch as she and Roxie continue kissing. Roxie walks Venezia backward until they fall into the chair across from me. Venezia opens her legs around Roxie while adjusting her position in the chair. Roxie slides her hands down Venezia's body and begins rubbing her pussy. Venezia moans softly into Roxie's mouth as they kiss to muffle the moans.

Roxie rubs Venezia's clit with one hand while plunging her two longest fingers inside Venezia's soaking cunt. Venezia moans harder as Roxie moves her fingers around to find her G-spot. They both moan harder as Roxie slowly pumps her fingers directly at Venezia's hot spot. I get lost in Venezia's body while watching her tits bounce on her chest as Roxie picks up the pace. Their beauty tones mix seductively as they continue kissing until Venezia is moaning too much. It isn't long after that before Venezia is yelling and arching her back.

My entire body shudders with the girls' as Roxie pushes Venezia into a powerful orgasm. I can hear the juice leaking out around Roxie's fingers as she continues pumping Venezia through her shudders. The familiar squishing her pussy being finger while she's cumming echoes in my head. Their kisses become passionate as Venezia subsides, and Roxie slowly pulls her fingers out to rub at her pussy.

Roxie kneels down in front of Venezia to kiss at her pussy. Venezia pulls Roxie's lips off her clit and leans her back onto her legs. She slides her hand down to Roxie's pussy and begins rubbing her clit. Roxie jumps at first but moans on Venezia's hand as the sensation changes. My eyes roll into the back of my head as I listen to Roxie's soft moans growing faster and shorter.

I hear them kissing and Venezia's fingers sloshing faster in Roxie's juices. The sounds of rubbing change to those of hard pounding. I can tell Venezia is fingering away Roxie like I would. Roxie's loud screams intensify as the pumping sounds get faster. My hands shake beside me as it seems like Roxie is cumming forever. I can't hear any juice squirting against the floor, but the pumping sounds are becoming wetter. I hear them kissing more as the sloshing sounds stop and they moan in each other's mouths.

As I sit there listening for more sex noises, I feel four hands sliding down my stomach. I look down at Venezia and Roxie rubbing their way down to my swollen member. I see all the precum that's oozed out onto my lower stomach as my cock was just left to spasm. Roxie lifts my cock towards her mouth as Venezia begins licking the precum off my body. I can feel my load building already as these two stare up at me from between my legs.

Roxie leans down and kisses the tip of my dick while slowly stroking one more glob of precum out onto her lips. Venezia licks her way to my lips and makes me tastes my own precum. I use to think I would never taste myself like that but they've made me so horny, I barely have any control over myself. Venezia's kisses get more passionate, and I groan in her mouth from the feeling of Roxie's hot mouth sliding around my tense member. Her hot mouth sucks onto me like a wet vacuum.

I break my kiss from Venezia and we look down at Roxie bobbing her head up and down. I focus on her supple lips sliding up and down my shaft. She wets my shaft with every slide down and sucks it dry with every slide up. She moves her hand up to squeeze my balls as she begins sucking faster. As the slurping sounds start, Venezia kisses me one last time before kneeling back down in front of me.

She kisses at the leftover cum on the side of Roxie's neck until Roxie pulls my cock out of her mouth. She holds it still for Venezia as Venezia slides my cock in her mouth. She wastes no time in sliding my entire length to the back of her throat. Roxie moves the hair out of Venezia's face to show me how deep my cock is in Venezia's throat.

I can feel her tight throat massaging my tip as she gargles around my cock. The vibrations shudder down to my balls and combines with Roxie's gentle massage. My sack tightens in Roxie's hand, and she squeezes them more while trying to juggle the cum out of them.

"Oh my-" I manage to groan.

My back arches and I grab onto the cushions of the couch. Venezia slides her mouth off my cock and takes my cock out of Roxie's hand. Venezia wraps both hands around my shaft and looks me straight in the eyes.

"Don't cum yet," she commands.

I try holding my cum in as long as I can as she winks at Roxie.

"Watch and learn," she instructs Roxie.

She looks back at me and strokes my shaft with all her might. She moans and whimpers with each stroke, trying to appeal to my carnal desires. I look down at her perfect brown tits bouncing behind her stroking hands. All of my muscles constrict and my load comes bulldozing out of my balls.

Roxie moves up on the couch next to me to watch as my first stream flies out onto Venezia's face. It splashes all over her nose and mouth, nearly covering them. Venezia continues stroking and more streams plaster her face. She opens her mouth and takes some for herself while continuing to get plastered. It feels like I'm cumming forever as I coat her tits with the last of cum streams.

We all sigh as my dick finally ceases its attack on Venezia, and she lets it drop against my thigh. Roxie moans and begins rubbing her clit while looking at Venezia, plastered even more than I plastered her in the elevator. There's barely any of Venezia's sexy brown skin showing on her face.

She leans back and swallows the streams that went in her mouth while smiling at us. She wipes the cum off her eyes to look at us watching her. She licks her lips and looks down at her tits that have three trails of cum on them. The cum begins dripping and she fingers Roxie over to her.

Roxie slides off the couch and moves over to Venezia. I feel my cock continuing to throb as Roxie licks the cum off of Venezia's nipples. Venezia smiles at me before leading Roxie's head further up her neck.

"I didn't think you would cum this much," Venezia says to me while smiling.

"Neither did I," I respond.

"I did," Roxie adds while moving her tongue to Venezia's lips.

They share a cum-swapping kiss while sliding their hands down each other's bodies. As they cup each other's asses and press their nipples together, I feel my energy returning. I gather my composure and decide to no longer just sit on the couch. I slide down onto the floor and position myself behind Venezia.

She looks back at me but before she can say anything, I plunge my length into her tight cunt. She gasps and moans as I slowly slide out a little before pushing back in. She moves her hands to Roxie's hips and holds onto her as I put my hands on her hips to hold onto her. She looks back at Roxie to lean her head on Roxie's shoulder as I pick up my pace. I use her hips as leverage to really get into her while looking at Roxie's horny face.

Roxie licks her lips at me while reaching down to Venezia's pussy with one hand. She puts one hand on Venezia's shoulder as her other hands get to Venezia's clit and begins rubbing it. Venezia's moans quickly turn into screams as I begin ramming her pussy while Roxie rubs away at her clit. I can feel her pussy tightening and her body quivering against mine.

I look down at the sexy curve of her arching back and have to lean down and bite it. She squeals as I take a bite of her skin while continuing to pump into her. She moves her hands up to Roxie's shoulders as I lean her back to give Roxie better access to her pussy. Venezia starts bouncing on her knees and stops Roxie's hand from rubbing as her orgasm washes over her.

Roxie leans down and bites one of Venezia's nipples as I continue pounding. Her pussy convulses harder, making her scream louder while cumming more and more. The juice in her pussy builds up and glosses my dick as I continue pumping more of it out of her.

I slide my dick out of her, and she collapses into Roxie. I lean back and admire her sweet, bubble ass and see juice leaking down the inside of her thighs. Roxie pulls her hand away from Venezia's pussy and slowly lies on her back, pulling Venezia on top of her. She opens Venezia's legs and puts them on either side of her own.

Roxie leans up and holds Venezia in her arms like I would and kisses her softly. The fresh cum on Venezia's face mixes with the drying cum on Roxie's face, creating dozens of slimy strings. I look down at Roxie's pussy and see Venezia's juice leaking out onto Roxie. I feel my dick throb and get the urge to satisfy it.

I move behind Venezia again and lay her top of Roxie more. Roxie looks up at me as I slide back into Venezia's still slightly sensitive pussy. Venezia moans softly and kisses Roxie as I start thrusting. It doesn't take for me to reach a good speed and power combination that Venezia responds to excitingly.

She looks back at me and rocks into my thrusts, making the strings of cum on her face swing back and forth. Her pussy grips my shaft and squeezes it as she comes back to life. She looks back down at Roxie and bites her nipple to muffle her own moans. As Roxie whimpers from Venezia's intense biting, she reaches up and puts her hands on Venezia's waist to push in her into my thrusts even more.

I grab onto Venezia's hips and ram into her as fast as I can. She leans her head up and screams softly, but Roxie forces her head back down. Her pussy squeezes me harder and starts spasming on each thrust. I bury my dick into her further until I feel her cervix crashing against my tip. She screams louder on Roxie's tits as her pussy explodes in a massive orgasm.

Her body shakes, and her mouth comes off of Roxie's nipple as her head involuntarily rolls around on Roxie's chest. Roxie tries holding her head still, but the orgasm is driving Venezia mad. Her eyes roll into the back of her head, and her screams become silent. I continue my assault on her cervix until I feel her pussy constricting so hard that I can barely move inside her. Having fucked Roxie's tight pussy earlier, I'm able to easily power through Venezia's squeezing until she's shaking so violently that it looks like she's going to hurt Roxie.

I snatch my dick out of her convulsing pussy and juice squirt all over Roxie's swollen pussy. Roxie yelps as the hot liquid splashes against her pussy lips. Venezia squirts so hard that it nearly penetrates Roxie's lips and goes into her pussy. Roxie moans softly and licks her lips as Venezia finishes squirting all over her pussy.

I lean back and watch as Venezia tries collecting herself while Roxie reaches down to play with her own pussy. I quickly move Roxie's hands and push my entire length into her tightness. Knowing how tight she can get, I keep Venezia there for support. I reach down and grab Roxie's hips and hold her in place as I build up into slamming her. Roxie moans and whimpers with each thrust and licks her lips as her orgasm builds more.

Venezia comes back to life and leans up just enough for her nipples to tease Roxie's nipples. I slap Venezia on the ass as Roxie's pussy begins squeezing around me. I can feel my slick shaft rubbing against every muscle in Roxie's cunt. Her wetness softens her grip and I begin slamming into her harder.

Venezia puts her hands on Roxie's shoulders and holds her in place as my slamming moves Roxie forward. I let go of Roxie's hips and hold onto her ankles as she opens her legs more. Venezia leans all the way up to move her hands down to Roxie's nipples. She pulls them firmly while grinding her pussy on Roxie's stomach. Roxie screams get shorter and harder, so I slam into her faster until I'm using everything I have.

Her pussy gets tighter around me and soon tries stopping me, but Venezia's nipple play seems to be distracting her. With Roxie not squeezing my dick, I rock her pussy until it grips around me on its own. Her entire body tenses as her pussy constricts around my cock just as hard as before. I'm forced to stop as I try to pry my cock out of her cumming cunt. Her screams turn silent and her hands are shaking as Venezia continues pulling on her nipples.

She puts her hands on the back Venezia's hands and groans as I thrust through her grip and slam passed her cervix. I quickly move Venezia's pussy over Roxie's as Roxie arches her back and screams are hard as she can. I pull my cock out, and Roxie's pussy explodes with a massive stream of squirt shooting right into Venezia's pussy. Roxie's squirt pushes Venezia's pussy lips open and squirts directly into Venezia's cunt. I wrap my arms around Venezia and open her pussy more as Roxie continues squirting inside Venezia's pussy.

Roxie's orgasm holds her still for another ten seconds before she stops squirting. I quickly move my hand over Venezia's pussy to keep the juice inside her. Roxie slowly subsides from cumming so hard by softly rubbing her own pussy lips. Venezia leans her head back and kisses me while rubbing the back of my hand. She smears some of my cum on my face as her kiss begins getting more aggressive.

I put my hand on her chest and pull her against me more as I vibrate the hand covering her pussy. She giggles and moans in my mouth from me trying to shake up her Roxie-juice filled pussy.

"Where did you find this one?" she asks in between kisses.

"On the elevator. Where else?"

We kiss one more time before looking back down at Roxie. The look in her eyes shows how spent she is, but she continues licking her lips like she wants more. Venezia rubs the back of my hand like she's rubbing her own pussy. I move my hand from over Venezia's pussy, and Roxie's squirt shoots out of Venezia and onto her stomach. Roxie and Venezia both groan as the elixir splashes onto Roxie's body.

I let Venezia slide out of my arms, and she moves around closer to Roxie's head. She leans down and kisses Roxie as I lean down to lick the juice off of Roxie's body.

"What's with him and pussy?" Roxie asks.

"He loves, and I mean loves licking, eating, and tasting every inch of a pussy so he can hear us scream and drink fresh pussy juice."

I slowly lick over Roxie's clit and she jumps into Venezia, nearly bumping their heads together.

"She's still sensitive. Eat someone else's pussy."

She smiles at me as I look up at her while licking my lips. I lick my up Roxie's body until I reach her bruised nipples. Venezia must have done a number on them from how red they are. I softly suck on each one until her nipples twitch in my mouth.

I continue licking my way up until I lick over her lips. I can still taste some of my cum on them as I kiss her passionately. We hear Venezia moan while watching us as I position my cock over Roxie's pussy. I grind my hips into her hips until her pussy lips open and my shaft is resting against her quivering opening.

She begins rolling her hips and grinding into me as I push my cock against her more. We look up at Venezia leaning against the chair behind her, rubbing away at her pussy. I start pumping against her, making her whimper with each of my hard pumps. She opens her legs around me and slides her hips back far enough that my tip slides over her opening.

As I slam back down for a pump, my entire length pushes all the way to the depths of her pussy. Her cervix twitches softly as her pussy tries stretching around my dick. Before her pussy can get comfortable, I continue my hard pumping. I put my elbows down on either side of her head and hold her in place as I terrorize her pussy.

She moans with each thrust and wraps her arms around my arms. She puts her hands on my shoulders and squeezes them as I continue slamming into her. I can hear Venezia moaning and from the sound of the sloshing noises, she's fingering directly at her G-spot. I lift my stomach off of Roxie's and aim my tip straight at her cervix.

Her moans become screams very quickly as I hit my target over and over again. Her legs bend up and she puts her knees on my hips as her back arches a little. I lean up and put my hands on the side of her neck to hold her still while using my new position to ram her pussy faster. As Roxie's screams get shorter and harder, Venezia's moaning does the same as she continues watching us.

I look over at Venezia fingering her pussy like a mad woman until she's cumming and squirting at me and Roxie. As Venezia's squirt splashes onto my arm and Roxie's face, I start using my entire length to fuck Roxie's cervix. I bring my tip to Roxie's outer rim before slamming back in until I feel her cervix twitching. Her pussy convulses and twitches as the grip gets harder.

I continue fucking through her grip even as it tightens to the point I think she might break my dick. I bury my tip as far beyond her cervix as it will go and keep it there. I lie against Roxie to feel her body quivering against me as she cums. Her pussy squirts little drops out around my shaft as I throb inside her cumming tightness.

I kiss her until her pussy softens and I'm able to pull my dick out with ease. A little juice pours out of her as I lean up to look down at the destruction. She bends her knees up to her waist and rubs her swollen pussy until her moans soften to normal moans.

"Fuck. I'm all juiced out."

"I'll see about that."

She closes her legs and rolls onto her side as I try to touch her again.

"No. Go fuck her," she giggles.

I look over at Venezia sitting on the edge of the chair now, still rubbing her pussy. All the cum that was on her face is now drying or rolling down her neck toward her chest. She leans back as though she knows what I want.

I move over to her and bury my face into her pussy. I take her clit into my mouth to suck it softly while putting my hands on her thick thighs. I massage her thighs while sucking the untouched parts of her clit. I flick my tongue over the tip of it while continuing to suck. She puts her hands on the back of my head and grinds her pussy into my face.

I pull my mouth off of her pussy to look up at her sexy brown sugar body and feel the same urges I did the first time we fucked. I plant my face back into her pussy, this time licking the inside of her cunt. I try my best to lick her G-spot but have to make do with licking every inch of her inner walls. I straighten my tongue out and begin tongue fucking her as hard as I can.

I slide my right hand to her clit and rub at it with my thumb. Her back arches a little, and she moans as the combination of my tongue and thumb get to her. She puts her hands on the arms of the chair and gives me more access to her pussy. I start tasting some of sweeter juice and know she's about to cum.

Her legs shake on either side of me as I push my tongue in further. I pull my mouth off of her quickly to rub at her clit with the tips of my fingers. I put my mouth back on her clit as I lower my head again. She puts one hand back on my head and holds my head still as she pushes her clit into my mouth more. I suck her clit as hard as I can, and that causes her to scream out loud as she starts cumming on my face.

She tries pulling away from my face, but I slide my tongue down to her opening. I wrap my lips around her opening and suck every drop of juice out of her cumming pussy. Her eyes roll into the back of her head as she grinds her orgasmic pussy into my face. I feel her hot juice sliding down my throat and landing in my stomach as I listen to her scream through her orgasm.

As her orgasm begins subsiding, I slowly kiss and lick my way up her body. I stop every inch of the way to tease every spot on her body. I kiss and bite her curvy hips until she moans for me to come up to her. I get to her perky tits and stop at them to give them some much-needed attention. I can taste the leftover cum on her tits the moment my tongue rolls over the dry patches, and that only encourages me.

I suck her right nipple into my mouth while massaging her left. Her perfectly, perky tit cups in my hand like a porcelain bowl. She moans and rubs the back of my neck as my tongue flicks over her hard nipple. I put my mouth back on her areola and suck softly until I feel every little bump against my tongue. I begin kissing, biting, and sucking on her tit, all while massaging her other tit harder.
