 " What would you say to a threesome with Brock?"Frank asked.

"Brock?" Fiona replied, " He does not seem like the type for a threesome. He is a good looking guy, but he seems pretty shy." Fiona said, thinking of the times she had met Brock.

"I don't think I've ever seen Brock with a woman, are you sure he's not gay?"

"He's not gay," Frank replied, " he just doesn't have many chances to meet women. "

"What does he do all the time?" Fiona asked.

" He works for a contractor, and he pretty much works all the time."

"Sounds boring."

"I guess you could say that. It's too bad, the guy has a huge cock. A lot of size queens are missing out".

Fiona was intrigued. " I didn't think guys talked about each other's dicks, please go on."

"We don't."

" Then how do you know?" Fiona inquired.

"We were at a topless bar a while back, and on of the dancers made a comment about him. I figure if anyone is skilled at spotting a guy with a large penis, it's probably a stripper. Brock is on his way over, but I didn't really tell him what was going to happen. I will follow your lead." 

"Exactly what did you tell him?" Fiona asked.

"I told him you would take us to that strip club you used to work at. I didn't mention that you were the comptroller." Frank replied.

A few minutes later there was a knock at the door. It was Brock. Fiona still wasn't sure what Frank had told him. She smiled at him as he walked in and pulled her shirt down, causing her erect nipples to stand out even more. He noticed, his gaze noticeably pausing on her chest. Fiona looked down at Brock's crotch. There was a pretty big bulge there, maybe Frank was telling the truth. She wondered why she had not noticed the bulge before. Other than being shorter than Frank, Brock was a pretty good looking guy. He was in good shape, had longish blond hair, and a neatly trimmed beard.

"I'm not sure what I am getting myself into," Brock said as he looked Fiona up and down.

"Let me fill you in," Fiona said as she took his hand and led him back to the master bedroom. Frank followed them.

She stopped him in the middle of the room. She handed Brock a blindfold. 

" Put this on and I will explain what the plan is," she told him. He put the blindfold, a little unsure of what would happen next. Fiona quietly stripped off her clothes, and walked around Brock. She put her hands on her breasts, caressing them and tugging at her nipples. She looked at Frank and Brock. She could see Frank's erection through his pants, but nothing from Brock. Either he could not see her, or he was gay.

"I think the blindfold is working," Fiona announced, and walked up to Brock. "It's just your basic threesome. There will be some oral, some bondage, blindfolds, lots of dirty talk and lots of sex. How does that sound?" Fiona asked.

"Since you put it that way, how can I say no," Brock answered.

"You will be wearing the blindfold for a while. If you please me, I will take it off. Now just do what I say," Fiona said as she began to unbutton Brock's shirt.

" You won't be needing this," she said, removing his shirt. Fiona pressed her hands against Brock's collarbone. She ran her fingers through the hair on his chest. He seemed tense. Fiona put her hands back on his shoulders and began to massage him.

"I don't know what Frank told you. I can assure you, you're going to like what happens next."

She pulled the belt out of his pants.

"This we might need later, if you are bad," she smacked her palm with the leather tip. Brock looked a little concerned. She carefully set the belt down.

"We certainly don't need these," she said, unzipping his pants. She hooked her fingers in, and pulled his pants and underwear down at the same time. Fiona found herself staring at the largest erection she had ever seen outside of a porn film. For a moment she just starred at Brock's penis.

"This will do quiet nicely," she whispered. She helped Brock step out of his pants, and pushed him into a chair.

"You are going to sit here and do what I want," she told Brock, still staring at his erection. She shook her head and grabbed his wrists.

"These are trouble," she shook his wrists and hands to make her point. 

"They tend to do this," and she placed his hands on her breasts. He immediately began to caress her tits. " And right now, that will just slow things down," she said as she snapped a handcuff on his wrist. Once his arm was cuffed to the chair, she repeated the process with the other arm. Fiona looked back at Frank. He was just standing there, fully dressed, watching her tie up Brock. She turned back to her new toy. Fiona took a moment to enjoy the sight of Brock. He was naked and at her mercy. She thought about just taunting him, but her eyes were drawn back to his cock. She wondered what it would feel like in her mouth, between her breasts, inside her. She heard Frank taking his clothes off. He walked up behind her and kissed her on the neck. She looked back at Frank and mouthed O M G.

Fiona leaned forward, putting her hands on Brock's shoulders. She leaned down and whispered in his ear.

"I'm already wet just looking at you. Seeing you naked has made me really horny." She leaned down and rubbed her breasts in his face. He kissed them as they passed his mouth. Fiona put her lips on cheek and kissed him. She kissed his ears, then down his neck and onto his shoulders. She felt Frank behind her. Fiona put her hands on Brock's chest. She resisted the urge to climb into his lap and start riding his cock. Fiona wondered what if this what Frank thought when he first saw Diana and her large breasts. Was he obsessed with them the same way she was obsessed with the large penis right in front of her? Fiona drug her fingertips across Brock's chest, then slowly circled his nipples. She pinched them between her fingertips, the pressed her lips against them. She kept kissing him, and slowly worked her way down to his cock. She could barely get her hands around it. Even with both hands on it, there was still some uncovered. She slowly stroked him.

"Would you like me to suck your dick?" she asked. He nodded. She got down on her knees. Fiona felt Frank's hands on her breasts. He was just brushing her fingertips against her. She longed for him to pinch and tug on her nipples, but all he did was tease her with a light touch. She licked the tip of Brock's dick, wondering if she would be able to fit it in her mouth. Fiona opened her mouth as wide as she could and leaned down. Her lips stretched over the head of Brock's cock. She kept going, taking in as much as she could. Her mouth was completely full, and she still had both hands on his penis.

Finally Frank squeezed her nipples, the feeling sent waves of pleasure through her. She started bobbing her head up and down, stroking Brock at the same time. Brock was moaning as she sucked his dick. She stopped to catch her breath. She she stood up. Fiona bent at the waist, putting her hands on Brock's thighs, pushing her ass back towards Frank. 

"I want you both inside me," she moaned.

Then she put her lips around Brock's cock again. Frank's hands were on her hips. She felt the lips of her pussy stretching over the head of Frank's dick. She was full of cock, and she liked it. Frank slowly thrust in and out of her, matching the pace of her head going up and down on Brock. She came up for air again, this time leaning forward, letting the tip of Brock's penis slide between her breasts. She kissed Brock on the chest, circling his nipples with her tongue. Fiona leaned down and once again took Brock into her mouth. She could feel him straining against the handcuffs. Frank was starting to thrust a little harder. She wasn't ready for them to finish yet, but thought they were getting close. She stood up, and Frank took a step back.  

"Now it's your turn," she said to Brock as she climbed onto the chair. Her pussy was inches from Brock's face. He leaned forward, putting his head between her legs. She felt his tongue trace along the lips of her vagina, then his mouth surrounded her clit. He began licking and sucking on her. She put her hands on his head and pulled him closer. Frank appeared in front her her, and she arched her back, 

thrusting her breasts into his mouth. He wrapped his lips around her , his tongue doing to her nipples what Brock's was doing to her clit. The two men licking an sucking on her was driving her wild. She moaned loudly as she came, and both Brock and Frank kept going. When her climax was over she climbed off the chair and gave Brock a kiss. Then she had a wicked thought. She pulled out her strapless dildo; she had left it under the chair.

" Brock, how do you feel about having a cock in your mouth?"

Fiona lifted the edge of the blindfold and showed him the toy.

" Can I put my cock in your mouth?" She held the blindfold up with on hand, and used the other to slip one end of the dido into her pussy. Brock's eyes when wide and his jaw dropped at the sight.

"Well, I'm waiting for an answer. Do you want to suck my cock? I really, really want to watch you do it. I want to see you lips wrapped around it as I fuck your mouth," she said.

"Fiona," Brock whispered "I want to suck your cock."

Fiona let go of the blindfold and pressed the dildo to Brock's lips. He opened his mouth and let it slide in. Just seeing the toy in his mouth turned her on. At first he strained against the cuffs, but after a few strokes he submitted to her. She had one hand on his head, the other holding the toy. She was so wet it almost slipped out. She could feel the dildo rubbing on her G spot as she thrust it in and out of Brock's mouth. She rocked her hips back and forth, rubbing the toy on her clit. She was thrusting faster, harder. She realized this was going to make her come.

" That's it Brock, take it. Just like I took your cock. I want you to suck this cock until I come. Don't stop," she cried out. Brock didn't really have to do anything, just take it. Just be her toy. She felt warm all over. As her orgasm ended, she took out the toy and set it down. Time to give Brock his just reward. She turned around and settled in to Brock's lap, guiding his penis inside her. The head of his cock slipped past the wet lips of her pussy. She kept going down, and finally had all of him inside her. Frank was in front her now, she grabbed his arm pulling him closer. She put her hand on his penis. Fiona pulled Frank's dick down between her legs. She rubbed the head on her clit. Having both of them between her legs felt good. Her vagina was stretched around Brock's dick as she used Frank to play with her clit. She guided Frank's dick to her mouth and began to give him a blow-job Once again she had both of them inside her. As Fiona bounced up on Brock's dick she took more of Frank into her mouth. As she slid back down onto Brock, she let Frank slide out of her mouth, until only the tip was pressed against her lips. She put her hands on Frank's butt and pulled him closer, filling her mouth with his cock. She squeezed Brock inside her as she ran her tongue all over Frank. 

Another idea popped into her mind. Fiona pushed Frank back, then pulled his cock between her tits. Fiona wrapped her breasts around Frank's penis. Brock was thrusting into her, straining against the handcuffs. Frank was sliding his cock between her breasts. Both of them were getting excited, breathing harder, moaning louder.

"I'm not ready for you to finish yet," she told both of them. She let them go a little longer, enjoying the sensation of the two cocks sliding against her. She looked back at Brock

"Time to get in the bed," she told him. Frank stopped tit fucking her and backed up. She released Brock from the handcuffs, pulled him out of the chair. Together they walked over to the bed, Brock still blindfolded. Fiona pulled Brock onto the bed so that he was on top of her.

"I want you to fuck me. I want you to give me everything you have. I want to feel you come inside me," she whispered in his ear. Her hand was on his cock, guiding it into her vagina. She pressed her lips to his, then whispered in his ear.

"I want all of you, I want you to fill me up. Fuck me now Brock, fuck me hard," She wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him into her. Brock did exactly as she asked, thrusting hard, over and over. Her breasts were flattened against his chest. He kissed her on the neck. Each thrust seemed to go deeper into her, there was just so much of him. She could tell he was close. He was panting, holding her tight. He made one final thrust and then held her as his orgasm exploded inside her. Fiona kept pumping her hips against him, she wasn't done yet.

"More, more, I want more," she moaned. Brock broke free of her and slide down between her legs. 

He was kissing and licking her. He slid his finger inside her, determined for her to reach her climax. Fiona put her hands on his head, guiding him to just the right spot. Fiona legs were over his shoulders, and she ran her hands through his hair as he went down on her. Brock's efforts achieved the results they both wanted, and Fiona relaxed as her climax ended. Brock laid beside her, exhausted. Fiona reached down and removed the blindfold. 

"Now, you get to watch," she said to Brock. Her gaze shifted to Frank. " It's show time."

Frank walked over to the bed, and Fiona pulled him onto it.

" I want you to fuck me dogie style till you come," she said to Frank. She crawled over to Brock, so that her breasts were just above his face. Brock's eyes opened, and he gazed at Fiona above him. Frank positioned himself behind Fiona as Brock put his hands on her tits. Fiona knew she should be exhausted, she wasn't even sure if she would feel Frank after what Brock had done with his huge cock. But she wasn't about to turn down the opportunity Frank and Brock were giving her. She was going to make sure they pleasured her in every way possible. She felt Frank enter her. There was certainly a difference between him and Brock, but he still had what she wanted. He pushed his cock into her as far as he could, then slowly pulled it almost all the way out, and he did it over and over again. Each time the tip of his dick spread the lips of Fiona's vagina apart, she felt a way of pleasure pass through her body. And each time his hips pressed against her ass she felt his balls against her clit. Frank stopped thrusting into her for a moment. She responded by grinding her ass against him, pushing his cock against her G spot, and squeezing him inside her. Brock's hands were all over her breasts, squeezing them, and tugging on her nipples. Occasionally she would feel his tongue circle her nipples.

Frank was pumping his dick into her again. Fiona moaned as the sensations from between her legs and all over her breasts filled her head. Franked started groaning, he was getting close. His hips were slapping against her ass. She smiled as he exploded inside her. Fiona should have been satisfied with what the two of them had done to her, but she wanted more. She laid down next to Brock, and Frank collapsed beside her. She had worn both of them out. An idea started forming in her head, she had one more thing she wanted them to do.

" Call me crazy," Fiona said, sitting up," but I want more." She leaned over and put her hand on Brock's penis. It was only half erect, but its size still amazed her. She wondered if he had to shop in special stores for pants. She glanced over at Frank, he was in about the same state. Fiona leaned down and took Frank's dick in her mouth. She felt it swell a little, but he clearly was not ready to go again.

"How about I put on a little show while while the two of you rest up? But I expect something in return," she said, with a naughty smile. Fiona knew exactly what she wanted from them, and was pretty sure it was going to happen.

"I'm game," Broke replied. Fiona grinned, he had no idea what she had in mind.

"Me too," said Frank, with a knowing smile. She smiled back, Frank probably had a rough idea about her desires, but he might be a little shocked when he found out what she was thinking.

Fiona stood up at the end of the bed and looked at the two naked men. Their bodies were exhausted, but she could see a glint of desire in their eyes as they looked at her. She had turned being an object of lust into an art form. She felt like she was slightly above average appearance wise, but once she was naked she was able to get men to do exactly what she wanted, sometimes without even being aware they were no longer in control. She started to run her hands all over her body. Frank and Brock followed her every move. Fiona's hands stopped on her breasts, gently squeezing them. She recalled what it was like when Brock was caressing them. She looked right at him, and pulled her breasts right up to her mouth. Brock's eyes got wide as he watched her lick the erect nipple. Frank was watching just as intently, even though he had seen this show before. Fiona continued to tease Frank and Brock. She continued working over one breast and then the other. Fiona was in control, and she liked it.

Brock and Frank were both sitting up at the head of the bed. Fiona climbed on and lay down in front of them, spreading her legs so they could both see her pussy. Her hands ran up and down her thighs a few times, then her fingers began to explore the wet flesh between her legs. Fiona picked up her dildo and rubbed it between her legs; now it was wet and shiny. She wondered if Brock was thinking about how she got him to suck it. 

She pressed the toy was between her legs and turned it on. A soft hum was audible. When it touched her clit she quietly moaned. They did not need to know how turned on she was. Fiona rubbed it from her Venus mound down to her labia. She saw that Frank and Brock were both stroking their cocks. The vibrations of the toys made her even wetter. She held it right against her clit, and started to feel warm all over. She wondered if the guys knew she was having an orgasm. She pushed the tip of the vibrator past the lips of her vagina, more for them than for her. Frank loved to watch her get fucked, by other men, by toys, and if she ever allowed it , probably by another woman most of all. When her climax had run its course, she turned off the toy and set it down.

"Now you can prove you how much you appreciated my show," Fiona said, stretching out on the bed. Frank climbed out of the bed and stood at the foot of it. He reached down an put his hands on Fiona's shoulders, gently massaging them. At the same time Brock began to rub her feet. Fiona closed her eyes and focused on the feeling of their hands. Frank's thumbs pressed into the muscles at the base of her neck, and his fingertips pressed against her collarbone. Fiona felt like she was floating. 

Brock worked on one foot at a time, caressing and squeezing every spot. Fiona began to think Brock had a foot fetish because of all the attention he was giving her. When he was done with her feet, his hands began to move up her legs. She was thoroughly enjoying the massage, but at the same time the thought of two naked men so close made her horny as hell. She wondered if they had recovered from everything she had done to them.

Frank's hands had moved across her shoulders, and he was caressing her upper arms. She opened her eyes and looked at him. She was looking up at his chest, Frank's gaze was fixed between her legs. Fiona could see that Frank was ready for more sex. She closed her eyes again and started to imagine the possibilities.

Frank's voice interrupted her fantasy before it really got started. He was telling her to turn over. She rolled onto her stomach. Frank started to massage her back as soon as she stopped moving. Brock hands were on her thighs. When she flipped, he put his hands back on her calves, and started working his way up again. She could feel their hands as the converged. Frank massaged her back until he was just above her hips, and Brock move up her legs until his hands were just below her ass. Both of them were on the bed now, Frank was on her right, and Brock was on her left. Each of them had a hand on her butt. Fiona raised herself up on her elbows, lifting her tits off the bed. Brock and Frank both put hand on her breasts. The stroked her breasts and tugged on her nipples. She felt one of them kissed her on the back of the neck. The other one kissed in the small of the back. For a few minutes they were both kissing and stroking her. She spread her legs apart, and both of them slid a finger inside her. Finally one of them rolled her over. Brock was standing at the foot of the bed now. He bent over and put his lips on her breast. She could feel his breath on her nipple.
