 Day 2 Continued

There was a block of restaurants nearby and after a little discussion we decided on a little Irish pub. Our drink orders were taken by a young ginger man named Liam with a very conspicuous thick seven inch hard-on. Sara and I exchanged a smirk when he wasn't looking. If he hadn't been wearing a black anklet I had a feeling Sara would have wanted to fuck him right then and there. There wasn't any open fucking going on but from where I was sitting I could see a few handjobs and pussies being fingered and one woman was down under a table sucking a guy off.

Before our drinks arrived I was tapped on the shoulder and turned to see the attractive older woman I had met the day before and tit-fucked.

"Hello there, love." She said in that sexy accent of hers. Standing next to her was a man of about the same age. He had an athletic build with just a touch of a paunch with salt and pepper hair on his head and chest. Maggie was not wearing an anklet but the man she was with was wearing a pink one, like me. "David, this is Gary, the chap I told you about yesterday. Gary, this is my husband, David."

"Nice to meet you, David." I offered my hand. "This is my girlfriend Sara."

"Correct me if I'm wrong," began Sara "but didn't I see Gary sliding his cock between your tits the other day?"

"Yes that was me. I'm Maggie."

"Well, would the two of you care to join us?"

"Love to."

And like that the older British couple joined us for lunch and in my mind I saw how our afternoon would be unfolding. I didn't think it would take too much coaxing to get the two of them back to our room and by the looks we all gave each other over our lunches I could tell the other three were thinking the same thing. Once we had finished our food we got up from our table and Sara stopped to whisper something in our waiter's ear before we headed back to our room with Maggie and David in tow. He grinned broadly so I knew I'd be seeing him and his woody later.

The four of us began the walk back to our room, stopping at one point to enjoy the view of two threesomes taking place not fifteen feet apart. One consisted of a woman on her hands and knees being filled from both ends by two men, and another of a woman standing with her legs apart and two beautiful female lovers; one orally pleasuring her pussy, the other with her face buried between her ass cheeks. After about five minutes of this hot scene and at least three of the people in front of us cumming, David and I were both hard and ready. We went the last few hundred feet to our place and immediately went to the bed. Since I had left that morning the sheets had been changed and the whole place tidied up.

We began with the couples, Sara and I lying in each other's arms, feeling each other up while David and Maggie did the same. Sara loved making out and I loved the taste of my girl. I savored pleasuring every part of her with my mouth. After a few minutes of deep French kissing I began working my way over her chin and down her neck, over her collar bone and to her beautiful breasts. I cupped the right while I sucked on the left. Her whole breast was just the right size for my hand while her nipple was just the right size for my mouth. After a few minutes of this I switched to the other breast and I let my hand wander down over her belly and finally to the hairless slit, that sensitive flesh that had given us both countless hours of pleasure.

I let my fingers slide between her lips, gliding through the moist warmth that had already begun to form there. I dipped a finger inside and felt her tightness before pulling back out and beginning to stroke her stiffening clit. Over many nights of lovemaking I found that slow, soft circles to begin were what she liked best. My hand on her pussy and my mouth on her breast were heating her up and I knew that if I looked up at her face it would have that adorable pink flush that she got when aroused. Soon her juices were flowing freely and I knew it was time to take it to the next level. I kissed my way down, inch by inch over her belly, stopping to tongue fuck her navel, a move that always elicited an excited giggle.

Finally I was face to face with Sara's delicious pussy. Everything about it was beautiful; the smooth skin, the soft lips, the gentle swell of her mound, the salty taste and sweet, musky scent of the dampness now dripping from her flesh. I lowered my mouth and my tongue took over from where my fingers had begun, teasing and caressing her sensitive clit. Sara's breathing began to quicken and her body trembled under me. I savored the juices flowing from her; spicy and salty. To me it was the taste of pleasure. As my tongue worked her most sensitive spot she drew ever closer to a climax. Sara was very orgasmic. It was something I always admired and even slightly envied about her. She came easily and could cum again and again and again.

Before long Sara began to moan and writhe as my tongue coaxed her to climax. She shuddered and her juices began to drip down my chin but I didn't let up until she went limp and the spasms of her pussy muscles subsided. When I finally took my face away I looked over to my right and saw Maggie kneeling before her husband, her head bobbing up and down on his dick. David's face had that pre-orgasmic look that was a fusion of pleasure and pain. A few seconds later he threw his head back and sucked in a breath as his groin started to spasm. Maggie purred like a cat as her husband's load filled her mouth and when it was done she made a show of swallowing his semen.

"If only they made ice cream that flavor." She laughed.

Sara and I joined her in the laugh while David reclined on the bed with a satisfied smile. Maggie turned to me.

"So Gary, I see you know how to please a woman with that mouth of yours." I just smiled. "How about you come over here and give Mummy's pussy some attention?"

I didn't need any more of an invitation than that. David and I switched places and soon I was face to face with Maggie's beautiful, mature sex. Her lips were shaved clean but there was a large triangle of thick, soft fur over her mound. I began slowly, teasing around the edges of her outer lips, before moving to her most sensitive spot. It didn't take me long, since she was already aroused from blowing David. And all the while she talked dirty to me, which I love.

"That's it, baby. Suck Mummy's pussy. That's a good boy. That's Mummy's good little boy. You want to make mummy happy, don't you? Keep sucking Mummy's clit. You're going to make Mummy cum, my sweet little boy."

Her juices were flowing freely when she pushed me off of her, then pulled my face up toward hers.

"It's time for you to fuck your Mummy's pussy, baby."

I was already hard as a rock and Maggie was dripping wet. As I positioned myself over her, Maggie kept up her filthy talk. Apparently she had some kind of a mommy-son thing going on in her head, but I was happy to indulge her.

"That's it, baby. Ooh, Mummy's good little boy has such a nice cock. It feels so good, rubbing over Mummy's pussy lips. That's it, slide it inside."

I penetrated her slowly, savoring the feeling of her soft tunnel of flesh. She wasn't as tight as Sara, but Maggie's pussy was still warm and wet and velvety soft. I began a gentle, relaxed fucking motion. With all the excitement leading up to this I knew that if I went full tilt it would be over in a few minutes. Also, I wanted to play along with Maggie's mother-son role play, so I kept things slow and tentative and let her set the pace.

"You love fucking Mummy's pussy don't you? It feels so good sliding your cock in and out of your Mummy. Oh, Mummy loves you. Mummy loves her good little boy. Keep fucking me, baby. I want you to fuck me until you cum. I want you to shoot your hot, wet cum in your Mummy's pussy. Do you want that? Do you want to cum inside Mummy?"

I had done all kinds of role play with Sara, but incest was one scenario we had never gone anywhere near. It just never occurred to me before now, and if it had to Sara she had never said anything, and Sara wasn't one to censor herself in the bedroom. It was sort of weird, but I couldn't deny how hot it was. I was starting to speed up as instinct took over and my orgasm started to creep up on me. I looked over at Sara and David and she had straddled his hips and was riding his cock. She took a cue from Maggie and started up with some taboo pillow talk of her own.

"Does my pussy feel good, Daddy? Do you like it when your cock slides in and out of my tight little cunny? Do you like fucking your little girl?" It was almost like Maggie, the veteran pervert had challenged Sara, the aspiring young pervert, to step up her game.

The bed creaked beneath us as David and I drilled each other's ladies. My thrusts got faster and faster and Maggie kept up her relentless dirty talk.

"Cum inside of Mummy, Gary. Shoot your cum in Mummy's pussy." Once again my balls tightened and the muscle contractions started. Just like Maggie demanded the jizz exploded from inside me and filled her soft, motherly pussy. The excitement pushed her over the edge as well, and she moaned in pleasure as my own orgasm subsided and I just laid there atop her, skin to skin, my head resting on her plump breasts.

As David had already cum in Maggie's mouth he was lasting longer. He pounded away in Sara's pussy for another minute or so before pulling out. Then he reached behind her legs and pushed her knees up toward her chest, aiming his cock at that tight asshole that had given my cock so much pleasure so many times before. He looked into her eyes, waiting for her permission and she gave it.

"Are you going to put your cock in my asshole Daddy? Oh, Daddy, I want you to do it. Please fuck my asshole, Daddy. Please put your cock in my asshole."

The blunt head made contact with her tight little opening and after applying pressure for a few moments the rubbery muscle gave way and it opened like a flower, sucking in the head and then inch after inch of the hard shaft.

"It feels so good, Daddy. I love having my Daddy's cock in my ass. Do you like it, Daddy? Do you like fucking your baby girl? Does it make your cock feel good, fucking your little girl's ass?"

David answered with a grunt and I watched all the muscles in his body tense and flex as another orgasm rocked him. At that moment I knew he was filling my beautiful Sara's ass with his cum.

For the next few minute all that could be heard was the sound of the four of us catching our breaths. Then Sara crawled toward me and I moved off of Maggie so she could join her husband. As we recovered from our sweaty fuck session the four of us talked about ourselves, where we came from, our careers, families, and what brought us here.

Maggie and David were both successful business people, had two grown kids and had been swingers for over two decades. This was their third trip to Paradiso. As Maggie described some of her favorite memories from previous visits, including being the centerpiece of a five man gangbang, Sara reached over and started to stroke Maggie's thigh. The older woman moved her legs apart, slightly and continued with her story. Sara worked her way up Maggie's leg, slowly. When Maggie got to the part of the story about having one cock in her mouth, one in her pussy, one in her ass and jerking the other two off with each hand, Sara began stroking her pussy.

David and I watched as Sara masturbated Maggie, and then after a few minutes Maggie reached over and they began stroking each other off. After about ten minutes both women had cum and we laid there talking a while longer. Then Sara suggested we all take a shower. Once again we switched partners and David and I slowly, began soaping each others' lovers. I took extra time to caress and massage Maggie's beautiful, big tits. I savored the feeling of her smooth skin against my fingers and the nipples that hardened as my soapy hands glided over them. Meanwhile Sara was facing the wall of the shower with her hands pressed up against it and her legs spread apart. David was kneeling behind her and had two fingers from his right hand up her pussy and two from his left up her asshole.

I was soon hard again and Maggie started stroking my cock, the soap making her hand nice and slippery wet. After a couple minutes of this Maggie took me by the shoulders and put my back against the shower wall. She started caressing my upper body, shoulders and chest. Then she worked her way down my stomach and sides and hips, until she reached my cock again. Her hand slipped underneath and started to fondle my balls. She then got down on her knees and engulfed the swollen head. Her mouth was warm and soft and she was quite good with her tongue, knowing just the right motions and pressure to drive me closer to cumming.

I looked over and saw that Sara and David, too, had switched positions and were now mirroring Maggie and I. David's back was against the wall and Sara knelt before him with his hard penis in her mouth. It was so sensual; the steam from the hot showers all around us, the sweet smell of the soap mixing with the musky scent of sex, the occasional moan that escaped from David's or my throat and the slurping sounds of Maggie's and Sara's mouths as they orally pleasured our members. Suddenly Maggie pulled her head off of my cock.

"First one to make her partner cum wins." She declared. Sara pulled away from David's prick.

"What do I win?" She asked.

"You'll just have to beat me to see."

The two beautiful women grinned at one another and went back to work on our cocks. Sara immediately went into overdrive, sucking deep and fast. Maggie reached up and with two fingers on my cheek turned my gaze to meet hers. Her blowjob was slower and more sensual. She would suck in the head and then let it fall from her mouth as she pulled away, though her tongue never broke contact, and then she would dive back in and take the whole length. Her eyes remained fixed on mine the whole time. Down below she was massaging my perineum with one finger and teasing my asshole with another. I was amazed how quickly the tension in my groin was building given the slow pace of stimulation, but her fingers, eyes and mouth were making my head spin.

Suddenly, Maggie took my entire length into her mouth as her tongue caressed the underside of my shaft, and at the same moment she slid two soapy fingers into my ass, curled them toward her and started furiously stroking my prostate. The added stimulation was all I could take. My asshole tightened around her fingers and I half moaned, half yelled as an orgasm rocked me. My head turned from side to side and my legs shook as a load of cum shot into her warm, waiting mouth. As the climax subsided I looked over to see Sara hard at work. David panted and shuddered, and then let go with a load of cum into Sara's mouth. They almost made it, but finished just a hair behind us. 

As Sara milked the last drops of cum from David's prick, Maggie reached over, grabbed Sara by the hair and firmly, but not violently, pulled her into a kiss. I realized as their mouths opened and their tongues mingled that David's and my cum were passing between them, mixing into one giant load. Finally Maggie broke the kiss and turned back to me. She looked back up into my eyes. She opened her mouth and showed me that she had most of David's and my cum. She swirled it around her mouth with her tongue and then swallowed it all down in two big gulps. She then flashed a beaming smile.

"I win."

"I think we all won that game." David declared with a laugh. We all shared the laugh and proceeded to rinse each other off. After we had toweled ourselves and each other off and the ladies had done their hair, Maggie and David took their leave and Sara and I were left to ourselves.