 Day 6 

Consciousness came slowly, a little bit at a time as the fog of fatigue lifted from my body. I had slept like a rock, which was unsurprising given the exertions of the day before. Before meeting Sara I had never considered sex with other men. Before coming to Paradiso I had never given more than a fleeting thought to acting on those desires, so deeply were they buried. 

Yesterday I had been the centerpiece of not one but two gay orgies, giving blowjobs and letting my tender asshole be penetrated by cock after cock, and even taking two at a time. Sex with women was amazing and I would never want to give that up, but there was something so erotic about sucking the cum out of a man or feeling a thick, hard penis sliding in and out of your asshole until it fills you up with hot semen. I mused that this might be the closest I would ever know to what it was like to be a woman. 

I turned my head and saw Sara, a tangled mess of white sheets and dark hair, in all her disheveled glory. If not for her I would have gone my entire life never having pushed the boundaries of my sexuality and never would have guessed at what I had been missing. Comfortable as I was lying right there next to her the sunlight streaming through the windows heralded another day here in Paradiso and I didn't want to waste a minute, especially since tomorrow would be our last day. 

As soon as I moved to get out of bed I felt the sweet ache of the prior day's exertions, especially in my asshole which had gotten quite the workout. Nothing too strenuous this morning, I thought to myself. I might have overdone it a bit the evening before, caught up in the moment as I was. After my morning piss I headed to the kitchen to make some breakfast. One of the little things I loved about Sara and I was that one of us would almost always cook breakfast for the other. 

The smell of eggs and coffee roused Sara from her slumber and she ambled, stiff and sleepy-eyed into the kitchen where I greeted her with a smile. 

"Hey sexy." I greeted. She really was that. Her long, thick, dark hair was a sexy tangle about her bare shoulders. The rest of her was bare too and every bit as attractive. Her perky breasts topped with their pink little nipples, the gentle curve of her hips, her long, slender legs, and the beautiful shaved lips where those legs met. To me she was the living embodiment of both beauty and pleasure. 

She gave me a sleepy smile before sitting down at the counter stool. I laid a plate down in front of her and the two of us were soon enjoying our morning meal, chatting about the day before. Opening me up, so to speak, to the pleasures of bisexuality had been a goal of hers for some time and seeing me not only try it, but embrace it so enthusiastically had thrilled her. 

Remembering some of the times we had invited other women to share an evening of pleasure with us, we started to talk about what it would be like to do the same with men. There were a few guys at her gym that she said she would love to have over some evening and there was a couple who lived in our building, both of them young and very attractive, that I began thinking about how to invite up for "coffee". 

"So what's on tap for today?" asked Sara. 

"Well I'm still kind of worn out from yesterday. I was hoping to ease into things today." 

"Sounds good to me." She agreed. "How about the beach? We can go for a swim and just lay in the sun for a while." 

"It's a plan." 

We finished our breakfasts and headed for the shower. Under the steamy spray we washed each other gently, massaging the most tender places and making out. We emerged clean and fresh and were soon on our way to the beach. 

Along the way we passed a number of lovely sights. There were two men sixty-nining each other while the man on the bottom had his legs held in the air by a third guy who was plowing his asshole with an impressively thick cock. Further along there were several t-girls all going at it with each other with a group of admirers stroking themselves as they watched. 

There was one scene where a lone woman was taking a man in her mouth, pussy, ass and each hand all at the same time, and another where three women were all administering an oily, erotic massage to a fourth woman who writhed in ecstasy as fingers worked over her most sensitive areas. 

It had become so normal in such a short time to be in a place where everyone bared their bodies to each other and shared their bodies with each other out in the open without self-consciousness or shame. I barely even noticed any more that half the time I was walking around with a huge hard-on. It all felt so perfectly natural I wondered why everyone didn't live this way. People certainly wouldn't have gotten much work done, I supposed. 

Soon we arrived at the beach and it was at just the right state, busy but not crowded. We scouted out a nice spot not too far from the surf, Sara got us a couple of cold mimosas to sip, and the two of us laid out on a blanket to soak up some sun.  

I admired the sights as people walked here and there, but unlike a week ago where I might only have envisioned my cock sliding into one of the many bare pussies on display or sucking on those lovely tits, I now found myself also fantasizing about having some of those thick, hard cocks sliding in and out of my mouth or breeding my tight asshole. 

No matter how many times I had gotten off so far this week the raw, sexual energy of this place never failed to get my cock rock hard. With my erection stiff as a steel rod and my skin glowing warmly from the sun, I decided to take a dip in the ocean to cool off. I waded into the gently rolling surf and let the cool water wash over me. 

Other swimmers were around and there was a bit of splashing but it was mostly playful in a non-sexual way. I could feel my soreness and fatigue start to melt away and when I emerged from the water half an hour later I felt refreshed and revitalized. As I walked back toward Sara, lying nude on our beach blanket I spotted a group of women playing volleyball off in the distance. 

I gently touched Sara's shoulder to see if she had fallen asleep. Her eyes popped open right away and she turned to me. When I pointed out the volleyball game and suggested that we get a better view she gave me a sexy half-smile and we gathered up our blanket and headed over. 

They were far enough away at the beginning that all I could make out were their skin tones, hair color and by their shape that they were all women. As we came closer I got a better look at the naked lovelies on display. By the time we came within a dozen paces a volley had ended and the team with their backs to us noticed their opponents looking past them and turned to face Sara and me. 

My girlfriend and I greeted them with our best "on the hunt" smiles; the ones we used at clubs that usually ended with a woman joining us for sex later on. They immediately smiled back and I knew that they liked what they saw as much as we did. 

Closest to us were a slim, pale redhead with ice-blue eyes and cheekbones most models would kill for, a tanned blonde with piercings through her nipples and clit, and a petite black woman with wide-set eyes who stood with her legs suggestively apart, showing off her beautiful, shaved pussy. 

Behind the net was a curvy brunette with thick curls tumbling down over her shoulders and covering her lush mound, an exotic beauty with thick, black hair, a dark complexion and Asian features; maybe Thai, I thought, and a blonde with a short, sporty cut and a figure so toned you could see the clear outline of each lean muscle beneath clear, fair skin. The variety of womanhood, I thought to myself. 

"Hi there." Sarah began with a seductive little tilt of her head. 

"Hi." The black woman said back with a smile as pretty as any I have ever seen. For a moment the lot of us took in the sight of each other and I noted, as I'm sure they did of Sara and I, that not one of them wore an anklet. 

"Hope we're not interrupting." I said, hoping we could get the pleasantries out of the way quickly. Being in the presence of so much beautiful female flesh was making my dick stir. 

"No." the curvy brunette replied. "We weren't really keeping score. Just having some fun." 

"That's why we're here too." Sara added. "To have some fun." 

"Would you like to join in?" asked the super-fit blonde as she tossed the volleyball up in the air only to catch it. 

"In the volleyball game?" I asked with my best look of innocent naïveté. Slowly the look was replaced with a wicked smile. "No." I said with a shake of the head. 

The six women smiled with comprehension and they came over to introduce themselves. The blonde with the piercings was Krista and the redhead was Lana. The Asian woman's name was Phan while the ebony beauty was Tania, the curvy brunette was Joanna and the athletic blonde was named Lucy. By the end of the introductions I was at half-mast and Joanna, bold as you please, stepped up in front of me, took hold of my prick and stroked me to full hardness. 

"Does this taste as good as it looks?" asked Joanna, turning to face Sara. 

"You bet it does." Sara replied with her most wicked grin. As soon as she said it Lana, the willowy redhead approached her. 

"And what about you?" she asked. "Do you taste as good as you look?" 

Sara didn't answer, but just put her hand on Lana's shoulder and gently pushed her to her knees while moving her legs apart to allow the sexy redhead a good view. 

Just as Lana's tongue began a slow, swirling dance around Sara's pussy, I felt my own engorged rod being engulfed by the warm softness of Joanna's mouth. Almost in unison Lucy moved over next to Lana and began making out with Sara while they caressed each other's tits, while Phan stepped up next to me and pulled me by the back of the neck into a soft, sensual kiss. 

For the next little while my eyes were closed and my senses limited to the hot mouth sliding up and down my prick, the beautiful Asian's tongue and lips, slipping seductively against my own and hands teasing and caressing my body. The fact that I couldn't tell whose hands they were at any given moment made it all the hotter. 

As much as I had enjoyed my recent forays into the new world of gay sex, There was still something so irresistible about a woman; the elegant shapes of their bodies, the softer sound of their voices, the subtle scent of them. Regardless of how I had embraced a newfound love of cock, I knew that I would never lose my love of pussies and tits and all the other delights women had to offer. 

With my right hand I wove my fingers into the thick brown curls atop Joanna's head and held it gently as I thrust in and out of her mouth. With my left I caressed Phan's body, moving between her tits, down her shapely body to her neatly trimmed pussy then over her hips to her smooth ass. I felt other hands feeling me up as I did this but didn't know whose they were until Phan broke the kiss and I opened my eyes just in time to see Krista lean in to take one of my nipples in her mouth. 

I looked over to Sara to see that Lana's mouth had been replaced by Tania's, who was making Sara moan as her tongue worked my girl's sensitive little clit. Lana had moved up to Sara's mouth and the two were kissing passionately, with tongues penetrating deep into each other's mouths and Lucy knelt behind Sara with her face buried between her butt cheeks, no doubt pleasuring the tight little pucker between them. 

Phan knelt down beside Joanna and the two of them began licking and rubbing their mouths over each side of my shaft, each one occasionally sucking in the head for a moment before going back to licking the shaft. After a minute of this Krista let my stiff nipple slide from between her lips and stepped in close to me. I could feel the heat coming off of her body as she reached behind me and pulled my ass cheeks apart. She began teasing my asshole with a fingertip she leaned in and began whispering in my ear. 

"I'm going to let those two make you cum, so that when you get hard again you'll be able to fuck me for a good long time." 

She emphasized the word fuck, and just as she said it she slid her finger into my asshole as far as it would go. If her desire was to make this fantasy a reality sooner it worked, because I came less than a minute later. The first spurt hit Joanna right on her ample tit, but then she quickly took a hold of my discharging member and sucked it into her mouth to catch the rest of my warm juice. 

When my climax subsided Joanna pulled back until just the tip of my prick was in her mouth then milked the last drops with her hand. She smiled up at me as the last inch of my meat slid from between her lips. Phan then leaned down and licked the drops of semen from Joanna's chest before the two shared a kiss, letting my cum flow between their mouths. 

I looked over to see what the others were doing and Tania was lying on her back with Lana between her legs, lapping away while Sara straddled her face. Sara, in turn was eating Lucy who stood before her with those toned, muscular legs spread apart. The whole sight was so hot that I never really softened and after a couple minutes of watching the show I turned back to Krista and gave her a look letting her know that I was ready. 

Krista told Phan to lie on her back and spread her legs, which she did. Her skin glowed with a fine sheen of sweat and the warm sunlight. Krista immediately fell between her legs and began licking away, leaving her ass in the air and her knees apart as a plain invitation. Her pussy was already nice and wet as I slid in my prick and began a slow, steady pumping motion, careful not to go too fast as I was still sensitive from my last orgasm. 

I was looking down at Krista eating Phan when Joanna's fingers beneath my chin pulled my gaze away. She gave me a quick kiss but before I could get into it she pulled back. 

"I'm going to go have a taste of your girlfriend's hot little ass, but I'll be back for you later." 

We smiled at each other and I watched her round ass sway as she walked over to the lesbian orgy already in progress nearby. I turned back to the show before me and continued to pump away in Krista's warm velvet tunnel. Remembering how she had played with my asshole, I pulled her cheeks apart and began to play with hers. 

I put the tip of my right thumb on the opening of her anus and pressed down as I moved the thumb away from her asshole, massaging the tight ring of muscle and pulling it open at the same time. I then did the same with my left thumb and repeated the process. I proceeded to massage her asshole while fucking her pussy. 

As I did this I could feel her hand rubbing and stroking her clit while Phan writhed and moaned underneath her oral ministrations. I alternated my massage so that I was now pulling her asshole open with both thumbs at the same time. Then I repaid the finger she had thrust up my ass earlier by pushing my own thumb into hers. 

Krista cried out and I could feel her smooth vaginal walls contract around my cock as she was swept up in orgasmic bliss. The feeling of her internal muscles rippling and massaging my cock was delicious. When she had finally recovered Krista reached down and grabbed Phan by the backs of her knees and pushed them back to her chest so that her ass lifted off of the sand. She then dove down and began tongue fucking the tight brown little pucker of her sexy Asian friend. 

It wasn't as if I needed any added stimulation; I could feel my second orgasm beginning to approach, but I looked over to see what the others were doing and I saw that they had formed a daisy chain and each of them appeared to either be sucking the pussy of the woman in front of her in the formation while simultaneously finger fucking her ass, or was rimming her ass while finger banging her pussy. 

Overcome with lust by the sight, I looked back to Krista, who was still busily rimming Phan's tight little hole, and I pulled her anus apart with my thumbs one more time before pulling my cock out of her pussy and sliding it into the warm rectal passage that was somewhat less tight thanks to my massage. She sucked in a breath, but didn't cry out or protest, and when she looked over her shoulder with a smirk I knew I hadn't overstepped my bounds. 

Once more I began thrusting and all the female flesh on display, the Sapphic scene playing out all around me, had me cumming in less than a minute. My cock swelled and flexed and pure pleasure washed over me as the cum surged up through my shaft and into the smooth, deliciously warm rectum of this blonde sexpot. 

I eased my cock out of her asshole and just let myself collapse backward onto the warm sand. I let my eyes slide shut as I caught my breath, but opened them again as I felt a mouth close over the tip of my still hard penis. I looked down and saw that Krista had taken my cock, which had just been up her ass, and was sucking on it slowly, no doubt tasting her own ass just as she had tasted Phan's a moment ago. 

Phan then appeared and joined her, the two taking turns licking and sucking my sensitive organ, stopping only to sensuously tongue kiss each other before going back to sucking me. Despite all this stimulation, despite how hot and dirty it was that these two women were sucking a cock that had just been buried in one of their assholes, I was drained and my cock began to deflate and go limp. 

When it was clear that I was out of commission, at least for the time being, Phan and Krista just made out with each other for a while, then when they broke apart Krista snuggled up next to me while Phan stood up and joined the others. The pierced blonde hottie idly stroked my arms and chest, occasionally giving a nipple a little pinch as we watched the six beautiful women ravish each other's taut holes with fingers and tongues, moaning and sighing in delight as one after another came. 

Finally they had exhausted themselves and collapsed into a sweaty, sticky, satisfied pile of nude female flesh, fingers and faces still wet with each other's pussy juices. 

"That was fucking hot." Krista called out to the others. A few breathless giggles were her only response. We all laid there catching our breaths and caressing one another; Krista and I making out a bit while the rest of the ladies got their second wind. After a while I could feel my hard-on returning and when I felt a shadow fall over me pulled my tongue from Krista's mouth and looked up to see Lucy standing over us. 

Her hands were on her hips and her toned, shapely legs were apart, showing off her hairless sex, still red and wet from the lesbian fuckfest. Her body language and expression was one of pure dominance. 

"How many times have you cum so far Gary?" 

"Two." I answered. 

"Do you think you have anything left?" 

"He's got plenty." Sara chimed in. "Our personal record for one day is five." I remembered that day. It was our first anniversary since we started dating and we had spent almost the entire day naked and fucking. 

"I've got something I want to try." Lucy said with a smile. Before I could ask what she had in mind she began to explain. 

"Since you've already cum twice, I bet it would take quite a bit to make you cum again." She mused. "I wonder if you could fuck all of us and make us cum before cumming yourself." 

Now there was a challenge, I thought. 

"What do I get if I win?" I asked. 

"You get to fuck all of us, silly." Lucy replied with a laugh. She had a point. 

"And," Lucy continued "the lucky lady who makes him cum before she does gets fucked by the rest of us." 

That was an interesting twist, I thought. Now it would be a competition. Whoever could make me cum would have six beautiful women to pleasure her. 

