 Day 1

The three weeks between being told about Paradiso and my arrival were some of the longest weeks of my life. When Sara first told me of the nature of this resort, it sounded too good to be true. Over the course of those next three weeks I would learn a lot about the place I was to visit. First, it was a very exclusive club that only invited those who had been vouched for by two different members in good standing. Second, they were booked years in advance, so even members could only expect to visit the resort once every few years. Third, it was expensive. This trip would put quite a dent in my savings, but when Sara told me about what went on at Paradiso, I wrote the check and didn't look back.

Once our reservation was confirmed we received an information packet with all the required paperwork and a more detailed description of Paradiso and a copy of the rules. The resort encompassed an entire island in the Mediterranean Sea and was frequented primarily by Americans and Europeans. The pictures of the facilities were gorgeous, with Spanish architecture, amazing views and everything you would expect from a state of the art resort, from pools and beaches to an 18 hole golf course and gourmet restaurants. What it also had was a policy of sexual freedom like nothing I had ever heard of before.

All guests were required to be naked at all times except when weather conditions made being nude uncomfortable, such as when it was cold or raining. The only exceptions were during theme nights when costumes might be worn, such as lingerie night, or S&M night. A map of the island was included that showed where sex could be had with red areas making the places where fucking was prohibited. There was surprisingly little red to be seen. Only in certain shops, dining areas and sporting areas were you asked not to have sex. At the pools, on the beaches, in the parks and gardens you could fuck all you wanted. The policy with regard to sex with other members, aside from who you were there with, was to ask politely and respect people's wishes. If someone didn't want to have sex with you, move along.

There was a system to make things easier. Available to all guests were color coded anklets that would tell other guests about the sexuality and willingness of the wearer.

A blue anklet meant that the wearer was only interested in sex with men.

A pink anklet was for people who only wanted sex with women.

A purple anklet was for someone who only wanted to have sex with transsexuals.

That last one made me raise my eyebrows. Would there be a lot of transsexuals at this club? Sara said that she didn't know anything first-hand, but that she had heard stories of hot shemales with big tits and big cocks going around naked just like everyone else and that sometimes they were the most in demand of anyone else there. I went on.

A black anklet meant that the person was an employee on duty and could not have sex at that time.

A white anklet was an employee who was there for the express purpose of having sex with guests. They were willing to have sex with anyone and would not refuse as long as the guest was polite.

And finally, no anklet meant that the person was willing to have sex with whomever, and though they might turn down individuals, no gender was off limits.

Anticipation filled my every waking moment, right up to when our commuter plane landed at the small airstrip. As we disembarked we were met by a sight that sent my heart racing. The hatch lowered into a small staircase and standing at the bottom was a petite, smiling young Asian woman with neither a stitch of clothing nor a strand of hair below the neck.

"Welcome to Paradiso." She said with a gorgeous, white toothed smile. "My name is Amy and if you'll follow me I'll conduct a brief orientation before you're taken to your rooms."

Sara and I followed right behind, as did Grace and Renee, another couple who we met on the flight. Over the last few hours the four of us had talked about what we were getting into and things got pretty hot and bothered. With a little prodding from Grace, Sara sucked my cock right there in the cabin while Grace and Renee watched. When it was over Sara went over to Grace, an athletic, Nordic type with sporty, short cut blonde hair and started French kissing her, letting my fresh cum mingle between their mouths. Renee then turned to her lover, a curvy brunette with olive skin to give her a taste.

"Not until you brush your teeth, girl." Renee chuckled.

Renee, it turned out, was 100% lesbo, while Grace and Sara were both very bisexual and by the time we began our descent we had all agreed to get together for some fun.

We stepped off the hot tarmac and into a sparse air-conditioned room with some utilitarian chairs. Amy asked us to be seated. We then all introduced ourselves around and Amy displayed an infectious cheerfulness.

"Your luggage is being taken to your room as we speak but you'll need these." said the lithe Asian pixie as she handed over folded paper shopping bags. "Beyond this point there will be no clothing worn except as a matter of necessity or during designated costume theme nights. If you would like to remove your clothes now and put them in the bags I'll go over a few things you'll need to know."

We all stripped naked as she spoke. Mundane things about how to contact various guest services, what to do in an emergency, etc. Soon I found myself standing in a room with four beautiful naked women and before I knew it I was getting aroused. I looked a bit embarrassed for a moment and Amy took notice immediately.

"Get used to that ladies," she said with a wink. "You'll be seeing a lot of hard cocks over the next week." Then, with no more self-consciousness than you would have shaking someone's hand, Amy reached out and took hold of my hardening prick and gave it a few strokes. I looked over at Sara and she just gave me that little devil grin of hers. I thought about asking Amy to fuck right then and there but took notice for the first time of her black anklet. Maybe later, I thought to myself.

We were then let out a different door than the one we came in and waiting for us were a pair of golf carts with nude men at the steering wheels. Renee and Grace took one while Sara and I took the other. The driver introduced himself and Raoul and off we went. I couldn't help but notice that Raoul was packing some heavy artillery between his legs. I was no slouch, but our driver had me easily outmatched. I caught Sara enjoying the view and gave her a playful nudge.

The ride through the resort was a spectacle. The grounds themselves were magnificent, with manicured lawns and carefully tended gardens and walkways of pink stone running here and there. And then there were the people. I have never seen so many people just walking around in the buff with not a care in the world. We had barely gone half a mile before I saw my first couple fucking. A skinny white guy with light brown hair was fucking a voluptuous black girl doggie style on a lawn just twenty feet from the road. I could hear the sound of his hips slapping into her ass as we rolled by. Several people had gathered around to watch and from the brief glance I got at least two of the men and one of the women watching were openly masturbating. I think that's when it finally sunk in what kind of week I was in for. 

We soon arrived at our room, which was actually a small, one story house complete with kitchen, patio, a bedroom with a bed easily big enough for six people and a massive bathroom that included a shower that must have had enough room for ten people, a Jacuzzi, small sauna and all of it was walled with clear glass. Apparently exhibitionism was a big thing here. What the hell, I thought. When in Rome...

After a few minutes of unpacking, Sara said she wanted to take a walk around the grounds to see the sights. On the way out we found, hanging from a peg by the front door, several of each color of anklet except black and white, which were reserved for park staff.

I reached for a pink anklet and put it on, tightening it until it was a comfortable fit. Sara just gave me a look.

"What? Aren't you going to put one on?"

"You know me, baby. Anything goes. And by the time our week here is done I want to see you walking around with no anklet too." I gave her a look of hesitation but also tried to hide a little smile that was creeping up on my lips.

"You know you can't say no to me forever, Gary." Her voice took on that silky tone I knew so well. "I know you love eating pussy and sucking tits and sliding your cock into a hot, wet slit. I love it too, even though I have to use a fake cock." She crept toward me, her hot breath in my ear and her fingers lightly gliding over my stiffening tool.

"But before this week is up you're going to learn first-hand how great it feels to suck a dick until it shoots its hot load down your throat and to have a thick cock, a real one, not just some piece of plastic, drilling in and out of your ass, massaging your insides, feeling it swell and jerk as some hot guy cums inside your tight asshole."

I was completely hard and starting to breathe heavily when she abruptly stopped and headed for the door.

"Aren't we going to finish this, babe?" I asked plaintively.

"Pace yourself, stud. We have a lot to see."

I followed her out the door, conscious of my hard-on, and took her hand as she led me to one of the stone walkways. I lost some of my self-consciousness as I saw several other men walking here and there with fully engorged members. I also saw a variety of women. From skinny to full figured, from barely twenty to roughly fifty, from hairy to silky smooth and in all colors, the women were all a delight to see. I also saw gay, straight and lesbian couples and mixed groups. The majority were friendly with a smile or a "good morning", and everyone checked everyone else out, drinking in the sights. I noticed a mix of anklets, too. No one color was underrepresented, but about half the people I saw wore no anklet at all. This really was a place to let go of all inhibitions.

When we rounded a bend we came upon a magnificent sight, a full on orgy was in session with at least twenty participants in the middle of a grassy lawn beside a big stone water fountain. Several couples were just straight-up fucking on the grass in several different positions; missionary, cowgirl, doggy and spoon. There also seemed to be a gay gangbang going on with a line of three guys taking turns plowing another guy's ass as he bent over the lip of the fountain. The man doing the fucking groaned and I saw his groin jerk rhythmically before easing his cock out of the dude's ass. As the first man's cum began to dribble out of his loosened anus the second man took up his position and eased his dick inside with one smooth stroke. A few paces away, two women were sucking and fingering each other's pussies in a sixty-nine and one tiny little white woman was screeching in ecstasy as the was being double penetrated, pussy and ass, by two big muscular black hunks. A number of spectators had gathered and as we approached it looked like one or two would occasionally join in.

Sara and I just watched for a few minutes, but then she saw an opportunity and went for it. She barely introduced herself before she was pulled down with four other women who formed a daisy chain and began sucking the pussy of the next woman in the circle. Overcome with lust I set my sights on the two women in the sixty nine, neither of whom appeared to be wearing anklets. The one underneath was a hard-bodied redhead, obviously a fitness fanatic. The girl on top was fit but softer with light brown hair.

"Mind if I join in?" I asked. The girl on top looked up at me, looked me up and down and smiled, the glaze of her partner's pussy juice still on her lips.

"Head on back and slide right in." she said, motioning with her head.

I walked around back and saw a beautiful sight. Her ass cheeks were firm and round and her pussy was swollen and red from all the stimulation. Underneath her I could see her girlfriend's face, a mask of pleasure, her tongue flicking her clit over and over. Pussy juice ran in two little trails over her cheeks.

"Could you move your fingers, so I can get in there?" I asked. Before I could start fucking the girl underneath would have to take her fingers out of her lover's pussy.

"This hole's mine." She said playfully. "You can have the other one." 

I stifled a laugh. The ass it is, then, I thought to myself. As I moved closer the girl underneath took hold of my stiff prick and sucked it a few times, lubricating it with a mix of her own spit and her girlfriend's pussy juice. She then went back to her muffdiving and I lined my cockhead up with the wrinkled little pucker just a couple inches above her face. I slowly applied pressure until the initial resistance gave way and her ass opened up like a little pink flower to envelop my swollen head. I just left it there for a few seconds, relishing the tightness and warmth. Then, careful not to go too quickly, I eased my way in. An inch inward, half an inch out, I slowly made my way until her tight anal tunnel had completely engulfed my penis.

I realized I was balls deep in a woman's ass whose name I didn't even know and I could feel her girlfriend's fingers wiggling around in her pussy. All around us was utter debauchery with gay, straight and bi sex acts, outdoors and in broad daylight with a couple dozen spectators. The whole scene was so twisted and dirty and exciting I had to struggle not to blow my load right there.

When I had regained my composure I started a slow, steady in and out rhythm. Occasionally the redhead underneath would let her tongue wander from her partner's pussy up to my balls for a little extra stimulation. She would paint little wet circles around one ball and then the other. I looked over my shoulder and saw Sara straddling a blonde woman's face while a raven haired girl, who couldn't have been more than twenty, lay on her side with one leg in the air in front of her. Sara had the first two fingers of her right hand in the girl's vagina while the first two fingers of her left hand were plunging in and out of her anus.

Suddenly my attention snapped back to what was going on right in front of me. Without warning the already tight anal passage gripping my cock clamped down and the young woman it belonged to cried out as an orgasm rocked her whole body. Despite my wishes, I tumbled over the edge and my own climax tore through me. My whole body was consumed in a wave of euphoria as hot cum surged from my balls and shot out into her deliciously tight rectum. After five or six good squirts my dick continued to spasm and the pleasure slowly ebbed.

"Oh, fuck." I heard the woman whose ass I had just filled moan. Before I could do anything she scooted forward and my still hard cock slipped from her anus. She spun around and took hold of my prick at its base. "Let me taste my ass."

She dove onto my cock and got about two thirds into her mouth and began energetically sucking. The hard-bodied redhead was a bit slower to move, but after a few moments joined the brunette and they started taking turns sucking my cock clean, pausing occasionally to kiss each other. Finally we all stood up together and the two women each kissed me on a cheek and introduced themselves. The redhead was Tracy and the brunette who had my cum in her ass was Veronica. Tracy said that if they ran into me again that we might have some more fun. I eagerly agreed and I watched their asses bounce as they walked away, hand in hand.

I looked over and saw that Sara was still going strong. The young raven haired girl she had been fingering had moved between her legs and Sara straddled her face as she had the blonde who was now nowhere to be seen and a slim Latino man stood in front of them fucking his cock in and out of Sara's mouth. Spent, at least for the moment I decided to head back to the sidelines and enjoy the show. I watched all the sex going on but paid closest attention to Sara and her two lovers of the moment. I could see Sara slowly and sensuously rocking her hips back and forth as the black haired cutie's tongue worked over her pussy. Sara moaned in pleasure and the moan was muffled by the man's cock. I have to admit to being a bit jealous, not because of some boundary of unfaithfulness. Hell, I'd just crossed that boundary myself not five minutes earlier. And I knew that this was all just fun and pleasure and that her true feelings, her devotion and love, were for me. No, I was jealous because I knew how truly talented she was with that hot mouth of hers and his dick was getting the royal treatment.

Sara really got into it, going deep, alternating fast and slow, taking his dick out of her mouth so she could tongue his balls and lick the whole sensitive underside of his shaft. Before long the man groaned and began jerking his dick. She just waited there with her open mouth a few inches in front of his blunt head. Her whole body shuddered as the first squirts of cum shot in and around her mouth. By the time he was done her face was a sticky mess. She moved off of the girl who had been eating her cunt, knelt down and started making out with her; Sara licking her own cum off the girl's face while she licked the guy's cum off of Sara's. Before I knew it my own cock started to harden again. I noticed a rather strongly built young guy next to me stroking his short but wide dick and checking me out. I thought he might make a move on me then, but then he saw the color of my anklet and went back to watching the show. It was strange but also flattering to think of myself being lusted over by men as well as women. Maybe Sara was right. I might end up going there before the week was out.

"You look like you could use some help with that." I heard a voice to my left. It was a woman's voice with an English accent. I turned and saw an older but still quite attractive woman with auburn hair, a tan complexion and an hourglass figure. While by no means skinny she wasn't fat either, but had curves in all the right places and large, matronly breasts. I smiled at her.

"Yes, I could use a hand. I'm Gary."

"I'm Maggie, but I don't think it's my hand you'll be wanting." She said with a wicked grin. Maggie knelt down in front of me and began giving me a slow, sensual blowjob. She used lots of saliva and everyone around us could hear her slurping loudly. After a minute she pulled back and straightened up until my cock was pointing at her chest, and then used her hands to press her tits together with my dick between them. 

This was something I actually hadn't done before, not even with Sara since her tits weren't really big enough. With my tool all covered in spit it slid easily between her ample breasts as I started humping my hips back and forth. Occasionally I would go forward far enough that she would reach out with her tongue and give the tip a little lick. Before long I could feel the cum starting to churn in my balls and my pace increased as I moved closer to another orgasm.

The groans of pleasure and erotic sights all around me heightened the pleasure and I felt that sweet, familiar tension in my groin as the climax took hold. All those muscles in my ass and pelvis began their amazing, pleasurable, rhythmic spasms as the cum rushed up my shaft and spilled out onto those big, soft boobs. When my climax had subsided she started wiping up my cum with her fingers and licking it off.

"Well it looks like you'll need a little time to recover, love." She said with a crooked little smile. "But next time I run into you I expect you to put that hard cock of yours in my cunt." There was something in her voice that made me think of a sexy, stern schoolteacher.

"I look forward to it, Maggie." I would gladly have done whatever she said but I was wiped out and couldn't have got it up again for all the tea in China, at least not for a little while. She turned and began to walk away. I imagined I'd be seeing more of that ass before the vacation was up.
