 Day 6 Continued 

Every muscle in my body glowed with satisfaction after having had sex with seven beautiful women, one after another, in my first ever reverse gangbang. Their beautiful bodies and tight holes had brought me off again and again and as we walked inland I just tried to hold onto that feeling for as long as I could. 

We soon found a little Greek place that wasn't too crowded and the eight of us talked and laughed as we enjoyed spicy lamb gyros and iced tea. Since everyone at the table, by lack of their anklet, was openly bisexual, we all talked about our first experiences with the same sex. Some of the women had enjoyed other women for years while others, like Phan and Lana had their first taste of girl sex right here in Paradiso, just as I had tried cock for the first time only a few short days ago. 

After the meal ended and we had all said our goodbyes with a final kiss from each lovely woman Sara and I departed to find the next adventure. For a time we just walked, hand in hand, enjoying the fresh air, sun, and of course the sexy sights all around us as people of all shapes, colors and sexualities gave one another erotic pleasure, out in the open for all to see as though it were the most natural thing in the world. 

Suddenly Sara stopped dead in her tracks. When I turned to see what she was looking at I saw her staring intently at a small building, about the size of a one story ranch house surrounded by flowerbeds with a single sign fixed to the wall next to the front door. 

Couples Massages, it read. 

When I saw her smile I knew that we had found our next destination. The front door opened into a small waiting room that had about half a dozen empty chairs. There was a small desk with a tent folded cardboard sign that read 'Ring for Service' next to a small desk bell. I rang it twice and a moment later a door across the room opened and two fit, attractive people appeared. 

The first was a man, about my age, with a Nordic appearance to him. He was tall and fair skinned with blonde locks, an impressive hunk of meat hanging down between his legs and a white band around one ankle. Right behind him was a woman with a Mediterranean look to her, olive skinned and almond eyed with bombshell D-cup tits and luxuriously thick dark hair tumbling about her shoulders and a thick but well-manicured bush atop her mound. She too wore a white anklet. 

"Good afternoon." the woman said with a bright smile. "Welcome to our massage parlor." The man continued. "My name is Grant and this is my wife Bella." 

Sara and I made our own introductions and then got down to business. We were given the choice of many different massages, most of which were of the sort that you might get from any massage therapist. But that's not why we were in Paradiso, so when Bella reached the point in the list where the term "erotic" was used, Sara didn't wait for her to finish the list. 

"That's what most people choose." Grant said with a chuckle that we all shared. 

"So," Bella said "I see that neither of you wear anklets. Do you have a preference as to who partners with whom?" 

It was an interesting question. Truth be told I was just as turned on by the thought of sucking Grant's sexy prick to full hardness and feeling it slide up my asshole as I was to bury my face between Bella's round, tanned D-cup tits and slide my own cock into her warm snatch. Sara saw the indecision on my face so she spoke up. 

"Well, why don't I start with you, Grant, and you can start with Gary, Bella, and we'll see where it goes from there?" 

"Sounds good." Grant agreed. 

They took us through the door that they had come through and the next room was small and simple. The walls were painted a faded lavender color and on each was hung a tasteful nude painting. In the corners were small tables atop which sat burning candles filling the air with a subtle floral scent. In the center of the room there stood two cushioned massage tables. 

"I've never seen massage tables like those before." Sara declared. 

She was right. There was something about their construction that was unlike any other massage table I'd seen. There seemed to be extra parts tucked down underneath the tabletop and when I got closer I saw that there were seams running across the length and width of the table that separated the cushions into six inch by six inch squares. 

"These are special, state of the art massage tables." Bella announced. "They're specially designed for the kind of massages that we give." 

"You'll find them quite comfortable, though." Grant added. "Please lie face down and we'll begin." 

Sara and I both took our places face down on the cushioned tabletops and she stopped just long enough to flash a smile and a wink at me before putting her head down through the special headpiece that supported the weight of the head but had a hole for the face to let you breathe. A moment later I heard a click and then soft music began to play; a dreamlike tune by a string quartet. 

A few moments later I felt feminine hands, slick with massage oil begin to knead and caress the muscles of my neck and shoulders. She was very skilled at her craft and I could feel tension I hadn't even known was there begin melting away under her expert touch. Slowly she worked her way down my back, taking time to pay attention to each individual muscle until a mellow warmth enveloped my whole body as I sank into deep relaxation. 

Next to me I could hear soft, contented sighs as Sara's own body was worked in what I assumed to be a similar fashion. Eventually Bella reached my buttocks and spent a long time working her fingers into the deep muscle tissue. After a while, though, I felt those deft fingers pull my cheeks apart and expose the puckered hole to the cool air. 

With each pass of her fingers their tips grew closer and closer to the sensitive orifice. I thought she would stick a finger inside but abruptly her massage came to a halt. For a time I just felt her hand resting motionless on my lower back. I was about to speak up when the hand moved again and pulled aside one but cheek. 

A moment later I felt something make contact with my asshole. It was too cold and hard to be a finger. I guessed that it was a toy of some sort, but didn't raise a protest. I could feel the cool thing, plastic, I guessed, sliding gently up and down my ass crack from the sensitive patch of flesh just below my scrotum, up over the ridges of my anus and up to the tailbone before retracing its path back down. 

This pattern repeated a few times until the object came to rest on my opening. I then felt pressure and the tip of whatever it was slid in with little resistance. The toy must have been slick with oil and not terribly big and I was very relaxed, so it glided into my rectum easily. I could feel that its surface was covered in ridges and bumps, causing added stimulation with each inward and outward motion. 

Bella rotated the angle with which she held the toy so that with each inward thrust it stimulated an as yet untouched part of my insides. The most oft touched part, though, was my prostate. She knew exactly where it lay and I could feel a spasm of pleasure each time the slippery probe made contact with the sensitive gland. 

I wondered how many men, either from fear of being thought a fag or just sheer ignorance went their whole life without ever knowing the pleasure that could be had through the stimulation of that special little spot. Sara helped me become well acquainted with that pleasure and since coming to Paradiso the many cocks and toys I'd had in there had only deepened my appreciation. 

My cock was growing stiff and Bella, ever attentive, sensed this, so she slowly removed the toy and asked me to turn over on my back. As I rolled over I glanced toward Sara and saw that Grant was working over her ass with a toy, just as Bella had been doing to me. She squirmed and rotated her hips, as if to swallow up more of the probe into her tight, sensitive rectum. 

When I was on my back, my now fully erect penis pointing straight to the ceiling, Bella leaned over me and smiled. She was a striking woman. Grant was a lucky man, I thought. 

"How are you enjoying the massage so far?" she asked. 

"I'm in heaven." I smiled back. Her own smile broadened. 

"Not yet." She replied with a wink. 

The massage then continued, beginning at my neck and shoulders, then working its way, an inch at a time down over arms and chest, down my stomach and hips, thighs and finally down to my feet where she spent a good deal of time. There are more nerve endings in the feet than in the genitals, I heard once. That is why massaging them feels so good. 

When finally Bella began working her way up the insides of my legs I knew she would soon arrive at the sweet spot. Oily fingers glided over the smoothly shaven skin of my groin. Being shaved, Sara had shown me, made the whole area more sensitive and every touch more pleasurable. This lesson was reinforced as Bella gently fondled my scrotum and rubbed the skin around the base of my erect cock with little circular motions. 

I took a quick glance over at Sara and saw that Grant had done something to the massage table. The lower third of the tabletop had split in half and it was now supporting Sara while letting her lie with her legs spread apart. The tall, blonde masseur stood between them and was working two fingers in and out of her pussy. By the way he held his hand palm up, and the motions he made, he must have been rubbing Sara's g-spot. 

I would have been happy to watch Sara and Grant for a while but my attention was drawn back to my own massage. Bella must have thought that I was sufficiently warmed up because she took hold of my prick at the base and tightened her grip before slowly moving her hand upward until the red-purple helmet disappeared inside her fist. 

Rather than stop and then reverse her stroke back down my shaft, Bella closed her other hand around the now exposed base of my cock and continued the upward motion. When the first hand slipped off the tip of my cock she wrapped it around the base again and proceeded to massage my aching manhood in a continuous upward motion. 

Without willing it I began to rotate and thrust my hips as my sensitive member was pleasured by Bella's soft hands. The sensations were deliciously pleasurable but the motion was too slow to bring me to a quick orgasm. She was going to make this last a good, long time; the mark of an expert. My eyes slid shut and I just lost myself in those warm, soft, slippery hands as they pleasured every inch of sensitive cock-flesh. 

After a time she reversed her stroking motion and her hands slid down my cock running from the head to the base, one after the other. A satisfied moan rolled up from my throat and a moment later I felt a soft, wet mouth close down over a nipple and a warm tongue swirl and tease the stiffening tip. 

The massage continued like this for a minute or two before Bella suddenly stopped and said "I'm going to reposition you. Just relax and let the table do the work." I heard a few mechanical clicks and then the lower portion of the table was spreading apart and my legs were going with it. I opened my eyes in time to see Bella positioning herself between my legs. 

She looked me in the eye and smiled seductively as she caressed massage oil into the skin of her beautifully round breasts. My dick twitched in anticipation as she stepped forward, then bent down and took it between those gorgeous tits and began to slide them up and down my length, all the while looking at me with a leering smile. 

I have always liked tits to be on the smaller side. I prefer a perky shape that fits nicely in my hand to the huge melons that some guys seem to prefer, but seeing those two beautiful, soft mounds of flesh envelop my manhood and then feel them slide up and down every sensitive inch made me think that I might have to reconsider that policy. 

I was so engrossed by the horny tit-fuck that I barely registered Sara's moans and only looked back to her when I heard her suck in her breath and then cry out. Grant had his prong stuffed into Sara's dripping pussy and was fucking her slowly with shallow, little strokes. The massage table's leg supports had her legs spread wide so I had a clear view. 

Grant buried his tool in her and left it there for a few moments and then pulled all the way out. If his meat had been impressive when we first met and it hung limp in front of him, now it was truly remarkable. It jutted out before him at no less than nine inches and thick, very thick. But the most impressive thing about it was the enormous purple head. 

It was as big as a plum and nearly as dark. While the sum total of his cock was slightly smaller than Jessie's had been, that transsexual minx who had shown me the pleasures of being fucked in the ass by a real cock, the head was easily as large as that of Jessie's likewise transsexual friend Leah, which was the biggest one I had ever seen. 

The fair skinned masseur applied some more slippery oil to his engorged cock and slid it back into Sara's willing hole, eliciting a deep purring noise that rumbled up from her throat. Bella must have sensed that I was ready to take things to the next level because she pulled away from me, my cock sliding out from between those gorgeous boobs, and asked; 

"Do you want to me to massage your cock with my pussy now, Gary?" 

She didn't need to hear my answer, just see the look in my eye and the smile on my face to know that I couldn't wait to feel that beautiful little treasure between her legs slip down over my prick. She leaned in close and pressed her lips to mine. They were full and soft, and after a few moments they parted to let her tongue and mine pass through. 

I could have lost myself in that kiss. I have always been oral and loved making out, and I would have been content to let it go on for hours, but Bella pulled away and as she climbed on top of the massage table and straddled me, I braced myself for the even greater pleasure that was to come. I could feel her heat before her flesh ever touched mine. 

Wet warmth and a soft, but tight grip enveloped my hard penis as she lowered herself, very slowly, until her ass came to rest on my hips. I watched intently as the smooth shaven lips slid sensuously down my manhood until every last inch was inside her and was concealed behind her own flesh, topped by a soft, thick triangle of dark brown fur. 

Both of us ground our hips against one another, savoring the smooth friction of skin against skin, of cock against pussy, of me inside of her. Bella put her hands, still warm and slippery with oil on my chest and began a slow, shallow up and down motion. The silky sensation was delicious, and the sight of her lovely face and form spurred me on. I let my hands move freely over her hips and ass, and those lovely big tits. 

A familiar squeal drew my attention and I turned to see Sara, red faced and shuddering with an orgasm as Grant thrust away inside of her while sucking one of her nipples. Bella turned my face back to hers and kissed me once more while she increased her pace, riding me faster. Her tongue in my mouth and her pussy wrapped around my cock were doing their work and I felt the orgasm building within me. 

Her inner walls were like slippery silk around my stiff column of meat and her juices were overflowing and dripping down over my balls, mixing with the massage oil. Though she had a thick brown bush of hair on her mound Bella's lower lips were shaved bare, and the smooth skin glided over my own shaved groin. The erotic sensations built until involuntary spasms began deep inside me. 

I relaxed my muscles and let the sweet climax take me, like a twig swallowed up by a river. The orgasmic ecstasy crashed into me and I moaned with delight as a stream of hot cum was carried by my flexing inner muscles up through my cock and into Bella's clenching pussy. 

"That's it." She cooed. "Let it all out. Give me all of your cum." 

Expert that she was Bella slowed her bouncing up and down on my cock to draw out the moment and rather than ending almost as suddenly as it began the pleasure of the climax slowly ebbed into a warm contentment that spread like a blanket over my whole body. A satisfied grin spread across my face and Bella smiled back. 

"Good boy." She purred as her pussy milked the last few drops from my satisfied shaft. She made no immediate move to get up off of me but just rocked back and forth on my cock while massaging my chest, shoulders and arms with fingers still slippery with oil. I turned back to the side to see Grant slipping his lovely big tool out of my red-faced girlfriend. 

"How was she?" Sara asked breathlessly. I reached up and began caressing Bella's big, round tits. 

"Tasty." I replied with a smile. 

"Not fair." Sara responded with a playful pout. "I want a taste." 

Bella smiled broadly and Grant took two steps back, his still hard cock bobbing, as though to make way for his partner. I watched Bella's shapely ass sway from side to side gently as she strode over to the other massage table. She walked around to the opposite side so I could have a nice view as she began tracing oily fingertips around Sara's nipples and then bent down to give her a languid French kiss. 

They broke the kiss after a minute and Bella repositioned herself between Sara's legs, which were still wide open. She began by massaging her stomach and hips, then down to her outer thighs and finally to her inner thighs before lowering her head and slowly, lightly lapping at the swollen bud of flesh where her pussy lips met. 

Sara moaned and squirmed as the tension once again built and Bella occasionally dipped her head down to catch some of Grant's cum which was oozing from Sara's well used cunt with her expert tongue. The room smelled of fragrant oils spiked with the sharp tang of sweat and sex. I chanced to look over at grant who was watching the show while stroking his massive hard-on. I felt my own tool begin to rise once more. 

I thought Sara might cum any moment but before she could Bella pulled her face away and adjusted the massage table so that her legs were no longer splayed so far apart. She then climbed up onto the table near Sara's head and straddled her face with those sexy tanned legs. The two lovely women settled into a sixty nine with Bella spreading Sara's lips apart with deft fingers while Sara ate Bella's pussy eagerly with both hands kneading her buttocks. 

I craned my neck and could see Bella's ass over Sara's mouth and I could see my own warm load ooze from the Mediterranean vixen's heavenly snatch and onto my girl's tongue. Soon, Sara had Bella squirming and moaning as well and both women added fingers to their sexual play, with each woman sliding the first two into the pussy of the other while they licked and sucked at each other's clits. 

Moans and squirming turned to high pitched squeaks and shudders as first Sara came and then Bella not a minute later. The two lay there for a few moments, panting and sweating. Then Bella dismounted from the table and offered her fingers, still slick with Sara's pussy juices to my girlfriend. She took them eagerly and returned the favor. 

I stroked myself slowly to the sight of these two beautiful women looking one another in the eyes as they sucked their own wetness from each other's fingers. Is there nothing in the world more beautiful than two willing people giving one another such pleasure, I wondered. The two women stroked and fondled one another for a minute and then turned to us; Bella standing and Sara rolling onto one side. 

"I think we gave them a good show." Sara announced. 

"Yeah," Bella agreed "but maybe they should return the favor." Sara smiled at the suggestion. 
