 Day 3 Continued

Sara and I arrived at the spa and it was a beautiful building of white stone and glass. As we pushed through the front doors we were greeted by a blonde man sitting behind a glass desk. He smiled at us as we entered.

"Welcome to the Paradiso Sun Spa. My name is Larry. Will it just be the two of you today."

"Yes, thank you." I said with a nod.

"It's still fairly early so you should have your pick of any of our facilities. Just a moment, please." He looked over the desktop at our anklets and I saw that he was wearing a black one. I considered what it must be like to have to work in a place like this without being able to fuck. By the time his shift ends every day he must have a life threatening case of blue balls.

He began typing on his computer and about thirty seconds later a gorgeous young woman with beautiful thick brown hair and the bluest eyes I've ever seen greeted us with a pearl-white smile. She had a slim waist and lush, womanly curves, shapely c-cup tits and just a little triangle of soft brown fur over an otherwise smooth pussy. She wore a white anklet and I silently cheered.

"Welcome to the Paradiso Sun Spa. I'm Suzy."

"I'm Gary and this is Sara."

"It's nice to meet you." Sara said, thrusting out a hand. Suzy shook it and then mine. Sara and I shared a quick look and I could see that she was just as randy for Suzy as I was. 

"If you would like to follow me I'll give you a tour of the facilities." Sara and I followed her lead and I took the opportunity to take a good look at our guide's shapely ass.

She led us through a pair of double doors and I immediately knew why it was called the Sun Spa. The room we entered was cavernous and had a glass roof. Sunlight streamed in and onto the scant few people who had gotten here before us. The center of the room contained three massive pools, side by side. One appeared to be for diving and had several springboards along each side and a three tiered diving platform at each end. 

The second pool appeared to be just for swimming and the last was shallow and was just for wading. No one was diving at the moment and I could only see a couple people swimming but there were a couple dozen in the wading pool and from the sounds I heard wafting over the water there appeared to be some sexual play going on underneath the surface. Still, when full these three pools could have accommodated hundreds.

Off of the main room were several sets of double doors, each leading to their own wing, Suzy explained. The first set we passed had a sign over the lintel that simply read "Baths". Suzy explained that the wing was actually a full sized Turkish bath including saunas and steam rooms. The second door was labeled "Body Works". This wing was for manicures, pedicures and massages. I made a mental note that I wanted to go in for a massage after the incredible one I received the previous day from the beautiful Asian masseuse Sara hired for me.

Next came a door marked "Gymnasium". All kinds of exercise programs were available, from Pilates and Tai Chi to Zumba and Yoga were available. The next door was marked "Refreshments" and fronted a restaurant and juice bar. The final door was marked "Play Room". Without a hint of self-consciousness Suzy explained that this was where guests of the spa can feel free to have sex. 

A little bit of making out and feeling up in the pools was to be expected, Suzy clarified, but guests were asked not to go all the way while in the water. Nor was it considered polite to have sex openly in the restaurant area, or in the gymnasium. With that the tour ended and our guide turned back to us.

"Is there anything else I can do for you?" Suzy asked suggestively. I was about to speak up but Sara beat me to the punch.

"I don't know about Gary but I'd like to visit the baths. Care to join us?" Suzy didn't answer but just smiled broadly, took each of us by a hand and led us through the doors and into the baths.

We emerged into an ornate palace of multi-colored marble. The layout of this wing was much like a miniature version of the central chamber we just left. The central room contained great marble tubs, each one big enough for five or six people with steam lazily rolling off of the surfaces of the water. The tubs were arranged in a circle around a large central cold water pool big enough for maybe forty people. 

Along the outside wall of the room were a row of perhaps thirty great marble slabs half a dozen of which were occupied by a guest lying on their stomach or back and a white anklet wearing attendant in various stages of washing them. One female attendant was busy performing fellatio on her male guest. 

I also took note of one female attendant who was bending over to gently scrub the back of a woman lying on her stomach. When the straightened up I noticed a semi-hard, six inch penis between her tanned legs and smiled inwardly, remembering my recent escapades with Jessie.

Three more sets of double doors branched off from this main room labeled "Saunas", "Steam Baths" and "Showers".

"That's what I was looking for." Sara announced and made a beeline for the saunas.

When we arrived in the next wing there was a row of saunas, each large enough for a couple dozen people and ranged in temperature from 180 degrees down to 100. Each sauna door had a window and I could see that the hottest saunas had the fewest people and no one was so much as playing with one another, while the coolest sauna was already full and appeared to be hosting a full-fledged orgy.

Sara chose the 120 degree sauna; balmy but still cool enough for fooling around. It was also not overcrowded at the moment. The only inhabitants appeared to be a lesbian couple in a sixty-nine position on one bench, and nearby a female guest with a blue anklet was sitting with her legs apart, getting her pussy sucked by a male spa employee with a white anklet. As we entered the other guests stopped what they were doing to look at us. The lesbian couple disentangled themselves and stood up and I finally recognized them. It was Grace and Renee, the couple who had flown over to the island with us.

"Hey guys." Grace greeted us with a smile. "I knew we'd run into each other." I drank in the sight of her tall, toned figure and long blonde hair and remembered that on the plane I'd made a mental note to fuck her if I had the chance. Renee stepped up next to her.

"Good to see you again, Sara." She said lustily. That was right. Renee was strictly lesbian. "Care to join us?"

Sara looked back to me and I gave her a look as if to say "Knock yourself out." I was perfectly happy to have the lovely Suzy to myself.

We all settled back down onto the benches. The woman with the male employee sat astride his lap and began to slowly ride his cock, sliding it in and out of her steamy slit. Sara sat between Grace and Renee and began making out with them as they groped and fondled her tits and pussy.

Suzy pushed me gently back onto the bench and took hold of my already fully erect manhood. She started to stroke it slowly while she lowered her head and took one testicle into her mouth and caress it with her tongue. She was quite the expert and had me writhing after a couple of minutes. She sensed my tension and ceased her oral ministrations. Suzy pushed me onto my back lengthwise across the bench and straddled my hips.

Ever so slowly she lowered herself onto my aching rod. The head slipped into her silken pussy and then one inch after another disappeared inside of her. Soon she was sitting on my hips and every sensitive inch of me was buried in this beautiful woman's warm snatch. I just laid back and savored the feeling as she began to ride my hard-on in slow strokes.

The steamy air was thick with the musky scent of sex. I couldn't see from where I was but I could hear sucking noises and moans coming from where Sara, Grace and Renee were sitting. I reached up to caress the shapely breasts that bounced and jiggled in front of me, kneading the soft flesh with my fingers, and I felt the nipples stiffen against my palms.

Suzy locked her eyes on mine. I loved that. There is something so intimate and intense about looking in a woman's eyes while I'm inside her. They were so blue, like the ocean on a sunny day. Her lips were dark and full. I reached one hand up behind her head and pulled her face down on mine. Our lips met and slid over each other, slick from the heat. She used her tongue sparingly, so the kiss was more sweet than passionate. Her every touch was more loving than overtly sexual.

There are countless different flavors of sex. Sometimes all I want is to fuck; just pure physical erotic pleasure. Other times I like role play or pushing sexual boundaries where the pleasure is as much mental as it is physical. Other times I like to make love. When there's an emotional connection everything else is heightened. I felt just a hint of that the first night when Sara and I bedded the beautiful Lauren. She was like a wounded bird and giving her pleasure was as much about compassion as about sex. I felt it again now with Suzy as I lost myself in those blue eyes.

The rest of the world faded to background noise as we ground our hips together, slowly and sensually. She squeezed me with her inner muscles, but not hard. Rather than rushing as fast as possible toward orgasm, every motion, every sensation was its own goal.

"Do you like being inside me?" she asked in a voice barely above a whisper.

"You feel so good." I replied breathlessly.

Our hands gently explored each other's bodies, fingers tracing every muscle and caressing every curve. I felt the tension rising within me. I concentrated on relaxing and not rushing it, but the silky friction was irresistibly pulling me closer and closer to the edge.

Suzy leaned forward and I felt her breasts press into my chest. She put her mouth right next to my ear and she ran her tongue against the edge, her steamy breath brushed down my neck. That was the sweet spot. Every lover I'd ever had that was worth remembering quickly learned that my ears were a particularly erogenous zone for me.

"I want to feel you cum inside me, Gary." She said in a husky whisper. "Please. Cum in my pussy."

That last bit of stimulation was all I could take. The muscles in my groin tightened and spasmed, and jets of my semen surged from my cock, filling her delightful warmth.

I could only lie there, consumed by ecstasy, letting it wash over me as I watched this beautiful creature pleasuring me. Soon the sweet moment passed and my climax abated. Then the rest of the world came rushing back in. The first thing I noticed was that the heat was stinging my skin. I would need to leave soon to cool down. Then I noticed the moans from behind Suzy. As she climbed off of me, my cock slipping from that piece of paradise between her shapely legs, I was able to see Sara, Grace and Renee locked in their own passion.

Sara lay on her back with Renee's head between her legs and Grace straddling her head. By the way they were writhing and drenched in sweat I could tell that they had been giving each other's pussies a tongue lashing the whole time while I was getting off with Suzy.

Normally I would have been happy to stay and enjoy the show. I loved watching Sara getting it on with other women, but the heat was getting to me and I needed to cool off. I said as much to Suzy and she took me by the hand and led me back into the room with all the marble bathtubs.

Since entering the sauna a few of the bathers had left and several more had entered. A few of the tubs were occupied by one or more bathers. Most of these were just soaking and relaxing but there was one tub with a man and woman sitting face to face. By the way she was bouncing up and down there was no mistaking what was going on beneath the water.

Several of the marble slabs held men and women being washed by white anklet wearing attendants. One light skinned black woman was being passionately French kissed by her attendant, a red headed man. A blonde male attendant was washing the soap from the chest of a Latino guest while the latter sucked off the former. And a bronze skinned woman, maybe Indian, laid on her back while a curly haired brunette with a white anklet slowly pushed her whole hand into her pussy.

Suzy led me to an empty tub and gently pushed me down inside. After the stinging heat of the sauna the water was blissfully cool. She got in behind me and pulled me back until I was resting against her soft breasts. Her hands circled my shoulders and caressed my arms and chest while she teased my ears and neck with her mouth.

After about ten minutes the water had done its work on my skin and Suzy had done her work as well. I emerged from the water cool and refreshed and with a huge hard-on. She pointed to one of the stone tables.

"Lie down on your stomach and I'll wash you."

I did as she said and she began lathering my back with a mild soap. She took her time and every touch was soft and sensual. My hard cock was pressed between the sold marble and my hot stomach and it strained for release. I had cum so recently, too. I was hotter for Suzy than I realized. I was at the perfect height to observe her perfectly shaped and groomed pussy and round, inviting ass every time she walked by. 

Suzy took a small sprayer and gently rinsed the suds away. She then had me roll over where she repeated the procedure. There was one difference. While she applied the soap and slowly rubbed it on with one hand she stroked my stiffened rod and balls with the other. She never took her hand away and by the time she was rinsing the soap from my chest the cum was boiling in my balls and my cock was leaking pre-cum. She stopped stroking me off but kept her hand where it was and looked into my eyes.

"How would you like a massage?" she asked with a cute little half-smile.

It was as if Suzy could read my mind. I thought back to the super sexy massage, and earth shattering orgasm, I'd had the day before. I nodded agreement and Suzy gently lifted me by the hand and led me to the door. By the door she pulled a towel from a rack and dried me off with one hand while maintaining my erection with gentle strokes of the other.

When I was more or less dry she took my hand again and led me back into the main hall with the three large pools. The number of people there had about doubled since I had gone to the sauna. We walked past the exhibition of nude flesh and headed into the door marked "Body Works".

Aside from the fact that everyone was naked the inside looked like an upscale salon. Women were having their hair washed and styled, getting manicures and pedicures, though I did notice that one woman was being finger-banged by a stylist while she sat under a hair dryer. Suzy led me through a side door and past several rows of sun beds and into a dimly lit room with a massage table. Candles were already burning on small tables around the room and the walls were decorated with paintings and drawings of men and women engaged in various sexual acts.

Suzy had me lie face down on the table.

"I'll be right back."

I watched her ass and hips swing gently from side to side as she walked out of the room.

About two minutes later she returned with two other women in tow. One was a slim redhead with freckles sprinkled across her skin from head to toe and a thick, bright red bush. The other was a voluptuous brunette with pierced nipples and a clean shaved pussy. My eyes went wide at the feast that was being laid before me.

"It's still early." Suzy explained. "Not much work for the masseuses yet. This is Kate," she said motioning to the pierced brunette "and this is Val." She said as she turned to the redhead.

I simply smiled and let my eyes slide shut as I felt three pairs of hands begin to massage me, legs, back and shoulders. Warm oil coated my skin and the warmth began to soak into my muscles as the fragrant scent of them filled my nose.

Inch by inch they worked muscle and sinew with smooth, firm hands until I was completely relaxed from top to bottom.

Suzy asked me to turn over and I did, my fully engorged member pointing at the ceiling. Val the redhead immediately took hold of it and gave a few gentle strokes, grinning at me wickedly.

"Just lie back and relax." Suzy said, her voice and hands both a smooth as satin.

She leaned over and pressed her lips to mine. The kiss began as it did before but this time it grew more passionate. The tongue, which she had used sparingly before, she used freely now. Our mouths did a slow, sensual dance while Kate massaged my stomach and chest and Val continued to slowly masturbate me.

The three of us just stayed like that for a while. The world faded away and all that existed was the pair of hands kneading my muscles, the ones stroking my penis and the lips and tongue pressing against mine.

After a few minutes Kate and Suzy pulled away from where they were and Kate pressed one of her full breasts to my mouth. I let the pierced nipple slide between my lips and began caressing the hardening flesh with my tongue. I gently pinched the nipple with my teeth and softly tugged at rounded ends of the short metal bar running through it.

Above my head Suzy and Kate sensually kissed one another, their mouths wide open and their tongues darting in and out. At the same time Val took her hands from my red hot member and I felt her climb up on the table with me. Her leg slid past my hip as she straddled me and she took hold of me once more. I felt her put the tip against her opening and immediately I sensed the wetness and heat. She began lowering her weight and I slipped inside.

Val was amazingly tight; as tight as anyone I had ever fucked. This was not necessarily a good thing because when a pussy is that tight you risk hurting the woman, but Val was very wet and I slid through her warm, silky folds easily. I sucked more insistently on Kate's swollen nipple and she moaned into Suzy's mouth.

As Val began bouncing up and down on my cock, milking and massaging every sensitive inch, Kate drew back her breast and I let the nipple slide from between my lips. She bent down and crushed her mouth against mine. She ate my mouth hungrily, sucking on my tongue as though it were a cock. Meanwhile Suzy moved down past my hips and pushed my knees apart. While Val ground her hips against mine Suzy reached down and massaged my balls with oily fingers.

Even though I had cum just a little while ago, being triple teamed like this was too much. My cock leapt inside of Val and my cum surged into her. Euphoria washed over me as the tight sleeve of flesh coaxed every last drop from my flexing rod.

For the next few minutes the three beautiful women continued to sensuously massage my body, Val's pussy squeezing my softening cock. Finally Val climbed off and my cock slid out of her.

"I'm a new man." I said, smiling languidly, as I sat up, their warm, oily hands still caressing my arms and chest. One by one they each gave me a deep, erotic kiss, our tongues slowly mingling. Val and Kate excused themselves and Suzy took me by the hand.

"There are showers next door. Let's wash the oil off you."

She led me back into the salon, and when we entered the main area I saw Sara sitting in a manicure chair. It appeared that her hands and feet had already been tended to and now a short haired dirty blonde in a black anklet was kneeling between her legs with a razor and was carefully shaving Sara's soapy pussy lips. Sara looked up and saw me and her eyes lit up.

"Hey, Babe. What have you been up to?"

"I just got a massage and I'm on my way to wash the oil off. How about you?"

She smirked and motioned to the woman between her legs sweeping away the last few errant hairs left on her freshly shaven pussy.

Suzy and I continued on our way and she led me to a small private shower. After five minutes of warm water, soap, her gentles hands gliding over my skin and stopping occasionally to make out and feel one another up I was pink and clean. When we re-emerged in the salon Sara had just finished her little spa treatment.
