 Day 2 Continued

"So what shall we do now?" asked Sara, still glowing from the fuck session with the handsome older couple.

"I don't know. I kind of feel like getting a drink."

"Well, there are plenty of bars and clubs here. Let's check the directory."

On the wall in the kitchen next to the courtesy phone was a small open topped file box with a book inside, like a small phone book but glossy like a magazine. Inside was a section by section overview of all the resort's features from the beaches and shops, to the pools and golf courses, to the erotic massages and daily group sex activities. Near the middle was a list and description of all of the restaurants, bars and clubs. There were ordinary bar type bars just for drinking and mingling, but Sara was a dyed-in-the-wool clubber and some of our best threesomes had been with girls we'd picked up clubbing. There was something about strobe lights, alcohol, trance music and Sara's powers of persuasion that could make almost any twenty something club-hopper jump into bed with the two of us.

We selected a club that looked to be in line with our style and read the directions. It was a bit of a walk and would take us by the beach, which was perfect because the sun was beginning to set and the view would be magnificent.

The walk to the club was as beautiful as I'd hoped, with the horizon on fire with red-gold light as the sun set over the sea. Also on display as we walked were the sexual performances that I had come to expect, from a guy lying on his back with one woman astride his hips and another straddling his face to a gay couple making out and jerking each other off to a lesbian orgy with at least eight women, all wearing pink anklets, indicating that all they were interested in was pussy.

I heard the club before I saw it. As we climbed over a gentle rise I could hear the familiar electronic pulse of trance music, and as I came over the top there was no mistaking our destination, covered in neon with laser lights streaking off into the darkening sky. As there was no one on the island underage there was no need for a doorman and we just walked right in. The place was about half full with people but the energy was overflowing. It was actually the most normal seeming place of any I had seen since arriving. There was the DJ jamming at his station, the bartenders busily pouring drinks, the clubbers dancing and grinding on the floor. The only difference between this and any of the other clubs we went to was that everyone was already naked.

Sara and I headed for the bar and ordered a couple of tequila shots and began scoping out the room. I felt like a lion in one of those nature documentaries, looking for a gazelle to pounce on. There were a lot of hot girls of all shapes and colors. I knew Sara was checking them out as well as the men, and there were indeed some impressive specimens. I was no longer put off by the sight of so many literally swinging dicks. In fact, after that encounter with Jessie on the beach, it was actually kind of a turn on.

For the next hour or so Sara and I drank, danced, sometimes with each other and other times with our fellow clubbers, and chatted up the people around us. The evening was rather like any other night out until the music abruptly died and a siren began to blare. For a moment I thought it might be some kind of fire drill or storm warning but when everyone in the bar began cheering wildly I knew something else was going on. The DJ took to the mic.

"Ladies and gentlemen, guests of Paradiso, the time has come to get this party started and you know what that means."

"Musical chairs!" most of the patrons shouted at once.

Musical chairs? I thought. Was this grade school? Of course, I should have known better. The DJ then proceeded to explain the game. All the men in the room who wanted to play would pull tickets from a bowl. When ten men got tickets marked with an X they would sit in the middle of the dance floor on chairs arranged in a circle. The women who wanted to play would then walk in a circle around the chairs until the music stopped and would rush to the nearest chair. The women who made it would then fuck or suck the man sitting on the chair. The first man to cum would be eliminated from the game along with his chair and the game would continue until the last man on the last chair had gotten off. My cock was getting hard just hearing the description of the game.

One of the bartenders began walking around the dance floor and men were taking tickets. Occasionally there was a triumphant shout as a man held up a winning ticket. There had been six winners pulled by the time the bowl made its way to me. I took a deep breath and reached into the bowl. When I unfolded it and saw the X my cock went from semi-to fully erect in three heartbeats. Sara laughed beside me.

"Lucky boy." She drawled.

Once all of the winning tickets had been drawn a ring of chairs were set up in the middle of the room and the nine other men and I took our places. Around us formed a ring of gorgeous nude women. There were between twenty and twenty five of them, they were in their twenties to thirties and were white, black, Asian and Hispanic. Some were slim, others curvy, others athletic. It was like a buffet of sex and I had no idea what was about to wind up on my plate. Then the game began.

Electronica music played and the women began to circle, their tits and asses bouncing. I stroked my cock slowly in anticipation as one beautiful woman after the other filed past me. Suddenly Sara came into view and winked at me. I smiled back as she passed by. Then suddenly the music stopped and I saw three women coming straight for me; a curvy redhead, an athletic brunette and a petite Latina. As they drew near the Latina stumbled a little and fell behind a half step. The brunette edged out the redhead and straddled my lap, raising a fist in victory. The redhead was able to get to the man next to me but the Latina pouted as she was eliminated. A moment later and the round was over. All but ten of the women left the circle.

"Alright ladies" the DJ announced, "ready, set, GO!" The music picked up and the fun began.

The fit brunette looked me in the eye as she reached down and guided my cock to her clean shaven pussy lips. At once my whole cock slipped inside and I felt her warm wetness envelop my sensitive flesh. She began bobbing up and down on my lap and I soon realized that this girl had trained all her muscles. Not only her arms and abs were toned and sexy, but her vaginal muscles were tight as well. I knew Sara did Kegel exercises sometimes. I had a hunch that my new lover did too.

"I'm Gary." I announced as I began fondling her shapely tits.

"Rhonda." She replied simply before hooking a hand behind my head and pulling it down on a stiffened nipple. I took it into my mouth and began swirling my tongue around the swollen nub of flesh. All around me were the sounds of sex; male and female voices moaning and talking dirty, the gentle slap of flesh on flesh, the slurping sounds of wet blowjobs.

Rhonda's nipple slipped from my mouth as she began bucking up and down on my cock faster and faster. The feeling was incredible. From the very first time I was inside a woman I knew I'd discovered the most amazing secret in the world. The soft, smooth flesh that hugged my stiff cock like a glove, the natural wetness that turned every thrust into a euphoric feeling of sweet friction; I loved it all and couldn't get enough. 

Her clenching pussy was working me into a frenzy and I knew I wouldn't last much longer. I was a minute away from cumming at most when I heard a man's loud moan from behind me. The audience cheered and applauded and Rhonda lifted herself off of my prick. I looked over my shoulder to see a skinny blonde guy walking away from the circle hand in hand with a light skinned black girl with cum leaking out of her pussy and I also saw Sara getting up from off of her knees between another man's legs. Her lips were puffy and red and slick with spit. She must have been giving him one of her awe inspiring blowjobs.

The empty chair was removed from the circle and once again the music began. The women circled around us and once more Sara winked as she passed. When the music stopped I was claimed by a willowy blonde with fair skin and a soft, fluffy bush to match her hair. I told her my name and she said hers was Jenny. When the DJ shouted "GO!" she knelt down between my legs and began giving me an energetic blowjob. Once my dick was covered in her spit she pulled off and began stroking it with her hand while she lowered her head and took one of my balls in her mouth. Her tongue stroked and caressed the sensitive, hairless flesh. She let the one ball slip from between her lips and moved to the other.

Again I felt my orgasm building and again I was stopped short when another man came. In the next round Sara ended up with me and rode my cock facing away from me so I could fondle her breasts with one hand and stroke her clit with another. I still didn't cum but she did just before the next man came. In the fourth round the curvy redhead from before wound up with me and she bounced up and down on my cock while I played with her big soft titties. The round ended when Sara's partner came in her tight pussy.

In the fifth round I got my cock sucked by a tiny little Asian pixie. In the sixth I fucked the athletic brunette again. In the seventh round the redhead was back again after two minutes of fucking the excitement and stimulation finally boiled over and I shot my hot spunk into her warm, soft snatch. I was grinning ear to ear as I walked away from the circle to the applause of the watching crowd. Sara met me with a warm embrace and a deep kiss and we turned back to the circle to watch the last few rounds of the game.

The final couple left was a Latin guy who looked like a young Antonio Banderas and Jenny, the skinny blonde who sucked my balls earlier. For the grand finale she lined his cockhead with her anus and impaled herself on his dick. The crowd cheered and shouted and in a few minutes he was squirming as he pumped a load of cum into her asshole.

The winning couple was taking their bow when I felt a pair of tits pressing into my back as one hand circled around my hips to stroke my well pleasured cock and another came up under my arm and began playfully pinching my nipple. I was still holding hands with Sara so I wondered for a moment who was being so bold, but then I felt something pressing against my left buttock and I heard her sultry voice.

"Hey there, stud." Jessie purred into my ear. "Remember me?"

Indeed I did remember her. I remembered meeting her on the beach earlier today. I remembered being awed by her beautiful feminine figure contrasted by her huge, meaty cock. I remember swimming and sunbathing with her and finally, with Sara's encouragement, sucking her dick. I also remembered her promise. She said that she was going to come looking for me and that when she found me she was going to stuff that thick cock of hers up my ass.

My heart began racing and my stomach stirred at the thought of what was going to happen. But before I would let this gorgeous amazon shove her prick into my ass, I was going to need another drink.