 I woke up when I felt Sara slipping back into bed with me. When we arrived back at the room we fell into bed together and kissed for a few minutes then fell asleep tangled in each other's arms and legs. We had gotten off to a running start that morning with Jessie and the massage I had gotten, followed by my romp with Punk Girl, and Sara's activities culminating with an amazing double fisting had left us both exhausted and in need of some rest.

I smiled languidly at Sara as her beautiful nude form glided down next to mine. I slid my hand up the side of her body, starting at her thigh and moving over her hip, ribs, breast, collarbone and neck. When I reached her cheek I leaned in for a kiss, savoring the warmth of her body against mine.

"Where did you go?" I asked when we broke the kiss.

"I ordered us some dinner."

"Sounds good. What did you order?"

"Something tasty." Sara said, her wicked grin slowly spreading across her face. I knew she had one of her sexy surprises in store. I leaned back in and pressed my lips to hers. Sara's tongue slipped in to caress mine and we lay there for a few minutes making out, groping one another until I pulled away and rolled off the bed.

I headed for the bathroom to freshen up before dinner arrived. I splashed some water on my face and when I opened my eyes again Sara was standing next to me. We both brushed our teeth and then Sara brushed the tangles from her hair. As I was walking back into the living room I heard the doorbell ring.

"That's dinner." Sara called from the bathroom. "You wanna get it for me?"

I opened the door to find two people waiting on the other side. The first was a woman who looked middle-eastern or Indian; about five feet five inches tall, with long, thick coal black hair that tumbled down her back, copper skin and almond shaped green-gold eyes. She was well proportioned with sexy hips and perky, B-cup breasts tipped with pointy brown nipples. Her mound was topped with a perfect triangle of black fur pointing down to a bare shaven pussy with a jeweled ring through her clit that matched the one through her left nostril.

Behind her stood a ginger haired man with a pale complexion. He was six feet tall, slim but well built. All of the hair on him was cropped short; hair, beard and pubes. Though limp, his circumcised cock was of impressive size. Both of them were holding large paper bags with a Paradiso logo on the side. Neither of them wore an anklet. I took a closer look at the guy and after a second I recognized him. His name was Liam and he had waited on us when we had lunch with Maggie and her husband David, the older English couple whose company we had enjoyed the day before. They both smiled when I opened the door.

"You ordered room service?" Liam asked.

"That was Sara, my girlfriend. Please, come in."

They stepped through the door and the women turned to me, shifted her bag to her left hand and reached out with her right.

"I'm Devi." I shook her hand and Liam then reached out.

"And I'm..."

"Liam." I finished. "I remember you from the restaurant yesterday. I'm Gary and my girlfriend..."

"Is right here." Sara chimed in as she strode into the room. I noted that her stride was just a little slower and more tentative than usual. She still must have been feeling the effects of having an entire hand in her pussy and another up her ass.

"I'm Sara." She said reaching out to take Devi's hand. "It's nice to meet you."

Once all the introductions were done we all went to the table together and laid out a meal of chicken cacciatore, steamed vegetables, almond and date naan and white wine. For about the next hour we enjoyed a very tasty meal and equally pleasant conversation. 

Liam had been a waiter here at Paradiso for about two years and in his off hours had enjoyed mingling with the guests and his fellow employees. A year ago Devi had moved to the island as a fitness instructor and she and Liam had been a couple ever since, though that didn't stop either of them from enjoying what, and who, the resort had to offer. I had a feeling that Sara and I were far from the first couple with whom they'd enjoyed an evening.

Invariably the conversation turned to sex and we recounted all of our experiences since arriving three days ago. Of special interest were my experiences with the two transsexual lovelies Jessie and Riley, and Sara's double fisting just a few hours ago at the hands of the masseuses Natasha and Lily. Devi and Liam gave a summary of a few of their favorite experiences.

Liam had been openly bisexual for years before coming to Paradiso and had many pleasurable encounters with men, women, t-girls and mixed groups. One of his favorite ones was being part of a double gangbang where he and about a dozen other guys took turns fucking a married man and woman who were in Paradiso for their honeymoon.

Devi was more or less straight when she came to Paradiso, but had been initiated into girl-sex when she went to the salon to have her pussy shaved by a sultry Korean stylist who stroked her pussy the whole time she was shaving her until she replaced her fingers with her tongue and made Devi cum so hard she nearly fell out of her chair. Since then she had indulged in just about every kind of sex there was. 

A personal favorite encounter of hers was when she and Liam had gone to a night club and in the middle of the dance floor she had been ravished by Liam fucking her pussy, another man plunging his cock in and out of her mouth and a woman with a strap-on fucking her ass in front of an applauding audience of fifty horny clubbers. When the four of them had finished the whole place just erupted into a spontaneous orgy.

As dinner started to wind down I caught Sara giving Liam some wanton looks and I caught a twinkle in Devi's eye once or twice as she looked my way. As one appetite was sated I could feel the other one begin to gnaw at me. I wanted a taste of Devi as I'm sure Sara wanted a tumble with Liam. Finally Sara suggested that we head for the bedroom to get more comfortable. Liam and Devi grinned and Sara gave me a wink.

A minute later Liam was sitting on the edge of the bed with Sara bending over him feeding her tits to him while he fingered her pussy. I was leaning back against the bedroom wall with Devi pressed up against me. Her tongue was in my mouth and mine was in hers. She caressed the muscles in my arms and chest while I kneaded her buttocks. My stiffening prick was pressed between us.

After a few minutes of making out I pulled back from Devi. Her eyes were glowing with lust and her lips were swollen and red that way that they get during foreplay. It was like a neon sign that flashed "Ready To Fuck". I looked over to Sara and Liam and she was now lying on her back with her legs spread apart hanging over the edge. Liam knelt by the bedside with his mouth attached to Sara's juicy pussy. Sara's head tossed from side to side and she was pinching and tugging on her nipple.

Devi pulled me over to a plush armchair near the bed and pushed me back into it.

"You want me to suck your cock?" she asked with a sultry look in her eye. I nodded. Devi didn't take me into her mouth right away. She started slowly, licking up and down the length of my shaft and each time she reached the head she would give the tip a little kiss. Soon my dick was straining for release and finally she took my whole length into the wet warmth of her mouth.

Devi gave a magnificent blowjob. She listened carefully to my breathing and watched my body language. She looked long and often onto my eyes, which was always a huge turn-on. She knew exactly when to speed up and when to slow down. She fondled my balls and would take my cock deep into the back of her mouth and would begin to hum, sending low vibrations through the whole length of me.

Meanwhile Sara had scooted backwards on the bed to make room for Liam and the virile young redhead was on his knees, stroking away inside of her with one ankle propped on his shoulder. As he slid his seven inch tool in and out of my girlfriend he stroked her things while Sara stroked her clit. Both of them were panting and a thin sheen of sweat had formed on their skin. Sara had that beautiful flush she got whenever she was in the throes of passion.

I looked back into Devi's eyes and I knew I wouldn't be able to last much longer. She sensed I was getting close and she began sucking fast and hard with shallow bobs of her head. The tension in my groin built like a wave and held there for one delicious moment before crashing over me. Muscles spasmed and pleasure that made my toes curl and eyes roll back spread throughout my whole body. Semen rose up from my balls and through my shaft and shot out onto her warm tongue.

The euphoria ebbed in time for me to see Devi pull her face off of my still hard penis. She strode over to the night stand and pulled a couple of tissues from the box that was sitting there and spat my load into it. Not a swallower, huh? I thought. Well, no matter. Devi tossed the tissue into a small garbage basket, came back to me and pulled me by the hand over to the bed where we laid down side by side.

"Looks like you're having a good time." Devi said to her boyfriend. Liam smiled up as us.

"She's a keeper."

"I know." I said with a laugh. I knew his cock was having a good time sliding in and out of that tight, wet cunt of hers, though after the fisting it might have been a bit looser. If that was true, though, you would not have known it from his face. My dick had gone limp so while Devi and I watched Sara and Liam going at it I gently stroked her clit with my fingers to make sure she was having a good time while I recovered my strength. I was sure that in ten or fifteen minutes I'd be ready to go again.

We had been watching for about five minutes when Sara's muscled went rigid and her mouth opened as if to scream. Her face reddened even further but no sound came out of her as an orgasm ripped through her. Watching my girl cum always thrilled me. Liam slowed down his thrusts so as not to overstimulate her as her climax passed, but when her muscles relaxed he sped up again. 

I shifted my body toward the foot of the bed until I was face to face with Devi's lovely tits and took one of her cute brown nipples into my mouth. The nub of flesh grew stiff as my tongue swirled round and round. When she started to twist and writhe next to me I decided it was time to take the next step. I slid down further and soon I was between her legs, getting a close up look at her lovely pussy.

Her lips were thick and swollen, and slick with natural moisture. I used my fingers to gently spread her folds and took a second to admire the clit ring. It was gold with a little purple jewel that matched the one in her nose. I inhaled deeply, savoring her musky scent and then dove in. Her flavor was salty-sweet and the warm, slippery flesh felt great under my tongue. I drew soft circles, stopping occasionally to flick the little ring through her clit.

Devi ran her fingers through my hair as I worked her pussy with my lips and tongue. I had learned to read Sara's body language, the sound of her voice. I had grown pretty good at anticipating when she was about to cum. But Devi wasn't on the same wavelength, sexually, so when she came I barely saw it before it happened.

Her body jerked and shuddered as she came fast and hard. It was one of those orgasms that comes and goes like a lightning bolt and, at least in Sara's case, can be had over and over. At the same time I heard a deep moan in the background and I knew Liam must have been cumming. Devi reached down and pulled my face away from her quivering slit.

"Fuck me." She said breathlessly. "I want you to fuck me." I smiled in response and began to slowly crawl up her body, lavishing her body with my tongue as I went. I stopped at her belly button and tongue fucked it. To my delight I found that she reacted with the same enthusiasm to that little move that Sara did. I stopped for a couple minutes to pay due attention to her breasts before finally coming face to face with her and devouring her mouth. Her arms slipped around my shoulders and her legs wrapped around my waist.

By the time I broke the kiss I was at full mast. I pulled away enough to take hold of my prick and aim it at her steaming pussy. I rubbed the tip up and down against her lips a few times, teasing them before slowly pushing inside. All the stimulation up to now had made her very hot and wet and I slid inside without trouble until our hips came together. She was warm and tight and it felt delicious.

I held still for a few moments relishing the snug flesh wrapped around my manhood. I looked over to see what Sara and Liam were up to. They had gotten off the bed and Liam was sitting in the armchair with Sara riding his lap reverse cowgirl style. Liam was reaching around with both hands and fondling her breast with one hand and stroking her clit with the other. Sara looked into my eye and gave me a lusty smile. She was enjoying her new lover and knew I was enjoying mine.

I looked back to Devi before beginning to stroke my penis in and out of her. The velvet-like friction was so hot. Despite having cum just a short while before I could feel the tension building, the cum churning inside me. Devi reached up and pulled me in, but before I could kiss her she instead began sucking on my neck, letting her teeth gently scratch at my skin at a teasing mock bite. She began near my collarbone and worked her way slowly up my neck until she reached my ear.

She had my number. My ears were a particular hotspot of mine. Sucking my earlobes or licking along the edge of them was a first class ticket through the stratosphere for me. Aside from my cock itself I don't think I have a more sensitive erogenous zone anywhere on my body. When Devi took the sensitive lobe into her mouth and I felt her hot breath in my ear and her tongue teasing the sensitive flesh I began pounding away with abandon and in less than two minutes we were both cumming, almost at the same time.

I groaned as the intense bliss exploded from my groin, just as the semen exploded from my rigid member, and spread through my whole body while the hot, salty seed surged into Devi's silken pussy. My orgasm was driven onward by the clenching and rippling of Devi's internal muscles. As she came her arms and legs tightened around me and she clung to my body as if it were a lifeboat in the middle of a stormy sea. 

Once both of our climaxes had passed I collapsed on top of her in a sweaty heap. Devi kept her arms and legs wrapped around me, though not as tight as before. She gently stroked my back with her hands and together we basked in the warm glow of satisfied pleasure and sweet release. Over my shoulder I heard a series of moans growing louder and more insistent. It was Sara and I knew that sound well. It was the sound of her getting ready to cum.

I gave Devi a soft kiss before gently pulling my softening cock out of her and I rolled onto my side to enjoy the show. Sara was still bouncing up and down on Liam's lap while he fondled her tits and pussy. Suddenly Sara threw her head back and her moan became a high pitched squeak. Her bobbing motion slowed to a stop and she ground her ass against him before slowly easing herself off of Liam's erect prick.

Sara knelt down next to the chair Liam was sitting in. She wrapped her thumb and forefinger around the base of his penis. It was seven thick inches long, pale white and topped with a deep purplish head. The entire length of it glistened with her juices. She admired the sight of it for a moment and then turned to look me in the eye. With that one look I knew exactly what she wanted.

"Come here Gary." Her voice was thick with lust and barely above a whisper.

My heart pounded in my chest. I knew that if I got up off of the bed I would be crossing a line in my sexuality. I had come close with Jessie, but it still wasn't quite the same. I was no homophobe, but I was still raised in a society in which man on man sex was surrounded by taboos. Was I ready to do what Sara had in mind. I looked up into Liam's face and the same look of mixed desire and anticipation twinkled in his eyes that I saw in Sara's.

Before I knew that I was doing it, I was rising off of the bed. And like that it was as though I had stepped through a door and locked it behind me. No more inhibitions. I was just going to relax and go with it. I crossed the room as if in a trance, and knelt down next to Sara and took in the sight of his meaty cock covered in a thin sheen of Sara's nectar.

"I want you to taste me." She whispered into my ear, so close I could feel the heat of her breath. "I want you to taste me on his cock."

As Sara pulled her hand away I replaced it with mine and aimed the head of his cock toward me. It was not quite as long as my own penis but it was thicker, though not quite as thick as Jessie's. I smelled Sara's musk on it as I came closer, saw the short cropped red hair around the base, counted the veins and ridges running up and down his length. After another moment's hesitation I dove down and began to give the first blowjob I had ever given to a real man.

I started by licking the salty girl-cum from his shaft and stroking the head with my lips. I stopped to look over at Sara and see if I had her approval. Her eyes were wide with rapture. I turned back to Liam and this time I took the head in my mouth. I began by swirling my tongue several times around the spongy helmet and then slid further down, taking three inches, then four, then five into my mouth. Though my eyes were closed I could hear Sara sucking in a breath. She had wanted to see this for so long. I was done denying her.

The practice I had gotten the day before with Jessie had helped. I was able to take almost his entire length without gagging and while my sucking was slow and tentative at first I soon picked up speed. Despite myself I began to enjoy the feeling of his hard meat going in and out of my mouth, my lips and tongue tracing its contours. I tasted something new, similar to Sara's juices but different. It was his pre-cum.

I put my hands on his thighs and felt the contrast between Liam's and a woman's. Sara's thighs were smooth and sinewy, while his were thick with muscle and his skin was stubbly with hair. This was different from sucking off Jessie. She had been very feminine, where Liam was all man. But I had come this far, and I liked it well enough, so I kept up my sucking. I wanted him to cum and I wanted to know that I was the one who made it happen.

"Holy shit, Gary." Sara said breathlessly.

"It looks great, doesn't it?" asked Devi.

"I have wanted to see Gary try men for years. Isn't it good baby?"

I responded by picking up the pace of my sucking.

"You suck a mean cock, there, Gary." said Liam. I looked up into his eyes and saw the same look of desire on his face that I often saw on Sara's during our lovemaking. 

His pre-cum was flowing freely now and I started to massage his balls with my right hand. The bobbing of my head was picking up speed and I was relentlessly caressing his cock with my tongue as it plunged in and out of my mouth. I could feel muscles in his groin begin to tighten and spasm in his scrotum and I knew that I would soon have my first mouthful of a man's sperm.

I pulled most of the way off his cock, leaving only the head and an inch or two of shaft inside and began stroking the rest with my hand while I teased and tickled the tip with my tongue. The spasms of pleasure grew stronger and I heard him start to pant.

"I'm cumming." Liam gasped.

His penis jerked and flexed between my lips and a moment later I felt the first warm jet of salty semen hit my tongue. Without thinking about it I began swallowing. I didn't let it accumulate it in my mouth, so I didn't know how big the load was, but it felt like a big one as, gulp after gulp, it slid down my throat. There were six or seven large spurts and then the jerking of his dick tapered off and the jets of cum became a slow ooze.
