 To celebrate our fifth anniversary, Charlotte and I decided to return to the place we'd spent our honeymoon and went to Paris. It had nothing to do with rekindling the passion or looking for romance. We enjoyed the city so much and wanted to revisit it and explore new corners, and meet again with some friends, not to mention having great food and wine.

 Instead of a fancy hotel, we decided to stay at a nice B&B, close to good restaurants and attractions. The only disadvantage was the lack of private bathrooms, but it was just a minor annoyance that shouldn't make our trip any worse.

 A couple of days into our trip, we were invited by an acquaintance to a party at her friend's. We didn't know anyone at the party or how casual it was, so we dressed as neutral as possible. I was wearing jeans, a shirt and a light jacket for the autumn wind, while Charlotte had on a knee-length skirt, black stockings and a blouse.

 After a couple of glasses of wine, Charlotte was flirting lightly with some of the guys there while I was talking to some other people. As part of our relationship, we didn't mind flirting, as long as it wouldn't go beyond that. We thought it was healthy to not to repress minor and spontaneous crushes, and communicate with each other if something that bothered us. And, in a way, it felt good to know I was the one leaving the party with the woman many were coveting.

 During the 30-minute cab ride back to the hotel, Charlotte, slightly tipsy, whispered in my ears that she had a surprise for me once we got to the hotel. I felt my pants' fly and button being opened and her hand slipping inside while she was whispering. I put my right hand between her legs, but she promptly took it away. "You have to wait," and removed her hands from my pants.

 Charlotte was not the kind of woman that would refuse to do something in bed, but there were a few things I had asked her and that she would be reluctant to do, like when I asked her to perform a strip tease for me. She said that she would feel a little silly doing that and I wouldn't insist if she weren't comfortable with something, so I just forgot about it.

 Since the hotel had shared bathrooms and we had to pay for a 10-minute shower, we would pay only once and shower together. Once we arrived from the party, I used the washroom and called Charlotte to join me in the shower. She looked up from the phone, told me to go ahead and she would be there in a couple of minutes.

 I was sitting in the small bench on the corner of the bathroom and started to undress when I heard the door open and Charlotte asking me to close my eyes. I did as she asked and heard her heels on the floor slowly towards me. I wanted to open my eyes, but didn't want to ruin the surprise she had prepared. When she was close to me, her phone started playing Aerosmith's "All your Love".

 "I guess you already know what your surprise is, but you can open your eyes now," she whispered in my ear when the music began to play. And she was right when she thought I knew what it was, as I'd mentioned many times before that if I ever made a movie and included a strip tease scene, this would be my go to soundtrack. I glad she was giving me that and that she paid attention to my ramblings.

 Charlotte was wearing the same clothes as before, slowly dancing. Carefully, she started removing her blouse, and did not allow me to touch her. Along with her blouse, she unbuttoned my shirt and pants. She then moved on to remove her skirt and gave me a lap dance. When she got up, she took off my shirt and pulled my pants to my ankles, turning her back on me to start removing her thong – it was the first time I'd ever seen her wear those. She pulled them back up, turn her face to me and bent over, perfectly timed with the end of the harmonica solo. It got me wondering if she'd ever practiced the choreography before that day.

 ---

 Her back was pointing to the door and that's when we heard the noise and realized that in all the excitement and probably affected by the drinks we had forgotten to lock the door. We both looked at that direction to find a surprised guy holding his towel and clothes, and he couldn't take his eyes off Charlotte. We stared at him for a couple of seconds and then at each other.

 We didn't say a word, but I knew what she was thinking. On a couple of occasions, Charlotte had mentioned that she fantasized about having sex with two men, but we had a bit of difficulty discussing sex for long and never went into much details. And what I had never told her, after the first time she mentioned that to me, is that this became a fantasy of mine too.

 My only worry now was that we had never discussed how a threesome would happen if we ever had one. What were her expectations? Did they match mine? From my part, I wanted me and the other man to devote ourselves to please her, but I wasn't sure if she wanted us to also interact with each other. If that happened, it would probably ruin the night and make our relationship feel weird.

 I didn't have much time to think, though. Charlotte was half naked and slightly drunk with one horny guy in front of her and another man frozen and staring at her ass. Still she didn't say a word, but rather she looked deep into my eyes in way I knew what she was asking. I thought about it for a few seconds, lowered my head, looked back at her and just nodded to agree. She smiled, kissed me on my mouth, stroked my leg and, still bent over, turned to the other guy.

 "Are you going to leave that door open and stare at my butt?"

 The guy shook his head, apologized and started to walk back through the door.

 "I didn't say, 'leave'. And make sure you lock the door this time. I think this party is full now," as he walked back into the bathroom.

 She tapped on the bench beside me while staring at him. He just dropped his things on the floor and sat by my side. It was a bit awkward to be half naked with my stripped wife while a dressed man sat by my side. We just nodded to each other and I never asked his name. Charlotte continued her dance to me and him and started undressing him as well. We had all of our attention devoted to her and wouldn't look at each other.

 Charlotte's thong was finally off, but she kept the stockings and high heels on. She slid her hands down on us, from our faces, to the chest, arms and hands, which she grabbed and put on her body. While we caressed her, she continued sliding her hands down our bodies until she reached our cocks and started stroking us simultaneously.

 "We don't want to make a mess just now," she said as she stopped and indicated we could get up. I positioned myself in front of her and we started to kiss. I had heard that threesomes can be awkward as one of the people can be left out and to follow that rule, the other guy was behind Charlotte staring at me and her, as if looking for approval to do his next move.

 Before I could do or say anything, Charlotte grabbed his hand and pushed him close to her. He started caressing and kissing her on her back. He tried to remove her stockings, but in our first and only direct interaction, I grabbed it and put it over her butt.

 I turned her over and we switched positions on Charlotte, who after a few minutes told him to sit down on the bench. She whispered something in his ear and he pointed to the pile of clothes next to bench. She got down and grabbed a condom in his wallet. She put it on his cock and sat on him. I was behind her but only kissed her and ran my hands over her neck, back and breasts. I could feel her dripping and knew she was ready for the both of us.

 "I think you are ready for more fun already," I told her, also to confirm that was what she really wanted. She turned her neck, smiled at me and kissed me in the mouth. She then moved a bit and let him slide deeper inside of her and I started to penetrate from behind. We had done anal sex before and I knew the drill. I needed to start slowly and let her guide me until she was comfortable enough. This time, though, she moved her hands to the back, grabbed and made me go all the way at once right after I had started.

 We kept on going for a few minutes and I was surprised by how long we both lasted. I usually last a bit longer than the average, at least that's what Charlotte tells me, and I had no clue about the other guy. However, all the times we had tried to do double penetration using a dildo, I finished way too quickly. This time, however, she was the one reaching the orgasm quickly and when I caught a glimpse of her face reflected in a mirror in the bathroom, it seemed like one of the most intense ones she'd ever had with me. With her legs shaking, she just crashed on top of him and rested there. The three of us were just speechless. If she had enjoyed it as much as it looked like, I was already glad we had done this.

 ---

 "Now it's your turn," she said to us once she had recovered enough. She got up, gave us her hands so we could do the same. With her back turned to him, she grabbed me so I could be in front of her. Bent over, she placed his cock inside of her while putting mine in her mouth.

 She seemed totally in control and within a couple of minutes I tapped lightly on her back twice, our wordless code to indicate I was about to finish so she could take it out of her mouth. But she continued and I could not hold it for much longer. I tapped on her back two more times. She just looked up at me and tapped back on my arm twice, so I relaxed and finished inside her mouth.

 Charlotte indicated she was done with me and got down on her knees, removing the condom from him. I was just watching, but worried she would perform oral sex on him. We'd never discussed our limits on a threesome and that would be one of mine, but now I would simply suck it up if she did it and deal with it later. Luckily enough, she just used her hands and he finished on her breasts, making it drip on her legs.

 The three of us were exhausted. Charlotte was still shaking a little and she seemed slightly dizzy. She finished undressing, showered and went to our room after kissing and thanking the both of us. She gave him her stockings before leaving. I showered after her, said goodbye to the guy and went to meet her in the room, where I found her fast asleep.

 ---

 Next morning when I woke up to find Charlotte sitting on the chair we had in the room writing on a notebook. We said good morning, kissed and got dressed to have breakfast. At the dining room, I looked around to see if the guy was around. Not to greet him or ask him to join our table, but to make sure he wasn't around and avoid any awkward moments. He never came to the dining room and we didn't talk much, but it wasn't bad. I didn't feel any distance between us and just think we had a lot to process, at least I knew I had.

 Halfway through the meal she said she was wondering if anyone knew what we had done last evening. I looked around and everybody seemed to be going about their business, so I told her it was very unlikely they knew and that the secret was safe, but to be sure, we'd have to find the other guy and kill him. We both laughed, but she still worried.

 "Are were going to do that again? Will you leave me now? Will we just pretend it never happened and everything goes back to what it was before?"

 "I don't think things are going back to what they were before, but no, I'm not leaving you. Not because of last night, at least. I am actually glad you seemed to have enjoyed it and trusted me enough to go through it with you. If we are doing it again, it depends on many things. I guess we just have to see how things go."

 After breakfast, Charlotte said she needed to lie down. I told her I was going for a walk. I stayed close to the hotel and got some food and wine for later, along with a small gift –a handmade scarf– to show her that everything was fine.

 Once I was done with my shopping, I sat on a bench a few hundred meters from our hotel to write on my travel journal, just watching people go by. In the middle of the crowd, I spotted the guy from the previous night leaving a hotel.

 "Well played, Charlotte," I thought to myself as I followed him with my eyes. Once he disappeared inside a metro station, I just smiled and went back to writing.