 Jerri looked out of her window and couldn't shake the thought that she was being watched. She'd been feeling this way ever since she left work yesterday. She knew it was probably because she was feeling guilty for what occurred in the classroom. She couldn't believe she had been so stupid as to allow what happened. Never in her six years as a teacher, had anything close to this gone on. Face it, in her twenty-seven years of living, nothing like this had happen to her.

She still throbbed between her legs, her mouth still tasted of salty sweat and soapy cum. Had anyone seen? She was so into her afternoon parent's conference that she wouldn't have noticed if the principal himself had walked in the open classroom door. What could have come over her?

It was a normal parent's conference. She had called the fathers of the two children who had been fighting up to the school to discuss what should be done about their behavior. One of the father's, Mr. Tatem, arrived very early. He was standing outside her last class for fifteen minutes. He was dressed in tight jeans that hugged him in a place that made her eyes wonder. She pondered, with a slight smile, if he could possibly be comfortable.

He had full, pouty lips that were almost irresistible to nibble on. She felt a shiver when his bare arm brushed against her when he entered the room. The other father, Mr. James, arrived about twenty minutes late. She made it a point to mention the time they had previously agreed to meet. He looked into her eyes for such a long time, that she became uncomfortable. He had the deepest darkest eyes, dark and expressive. He was impeccably dressed in a gray business suit. She then remembered his son mentioning that he was a judge. This man looked too young, and sexy to be a judge.

She pulled her thoughts back to what they had all met there for, the matter of code and conduct. She sat on her desk in front of the two gentlemen. She began speaking of the importance of parent involvement in education. She kept looking from one man to the other. She could swear that they were both undressing her with their eyes. She could feel her nipples harden as these two attractive, and overly sensual men gazed long and slowly from one breast to the other. She looked down and saw that her aroused nipples poked at her silk blouse.

Mr. Tatem licked his lips slowly, and left them slightly parted. Mr. James lifted partially in his chair to adjust his pants, which were caught between his thigh and his roused organ. Mr. Tatem cleared his throat and excused himself to the washroom. What happened next was a total surprise.

"Wonder why it's so hot in here, Ms. Wheaks?"

"I'm not sure Mr. James. We must be tired after such a long day."

"Funny, I don't feel tired at all." Jerri laughed nervously. He was so close now; she could smell his deodorant. "You know something Ms. Wheaks?"

"No, what Mr. James?"

"This is every little boys fantasy. Alone, here with a beautiful teacher."

"You flatter me sir. But were not alone."

He placed his had on her leg and rubbed it firmly up her stocking covered thigh. He moved closer to her and rubbed his lips across hers. If she had been in her right mine she would have pushed him away. But she hadn't. He pulled her down to the edge of the desk, and moved his body between her legs. She could feel his hard Dick pulsating between her legs. He grinds slowly up against her, and unbuttoned her blouse. The next thing she knew her shirt and bra were off and he was using his teeth to remove her stockings. She looked at the door and saw Mr. Tatem standing in the doorway, grabbing the front of his jeans. She froze in place. Mr. Tatem must have felt the stillness; he looked toward the door. "You care to join us."

He didn't say a word, he walked over to the desk and kissed Jerri on the mouth and then on the forehead. He pulled Jerri back on the desk and bent down to her ear. "I'm going to rub my Dick all over your face, and you're going to love it." He whispered in a harsh yet, appealing manner. He stood directly over her head and unzipped. "Now don't move. I mean it." He pulled his dick out of his tight jeans and it fell over her eyes and noise, touching her top lip. Mr. Tatem grabbed his stiff penis and stroked it rhythmically over her face. She felt torrents of pleasure flowing up her back and in her stomach. She could feel Mr. James's wet mouth, licking and nibbling on her swollen clitoris. She lifted her hips to give him greater access to her hungry lips, but he teased her, licking the same shallow area, instead of thrusting his hot tongue into her willing pussy.

She couldn't stand the waiting; she needed something, firm and extensive inside of her. She grabbed the quivering shaft of Mr. Tatem and tried desperately to get him into her mouth. It was no use; she had to roll over. Her legs were shaky from the passion, but Mr. James lifted her up so that he could touch her drippy pussy with his Dick. He rubbed himself in the thick froth and moaned as it covered his tightly erect head. But still he made no attempt to get inside her. She pushed back up against him trying to force it in, but he kept moving back. Mr. Tatem was beating his Dick wildly against her face. She wrapped her mouth around the tip of his penis.

He began jerking motions. He almost screamed out. She could taste the warm soapy-ness of his pre-cum. She locked her jaw in place around his Dick. She began going down on it faster and faster. She was licking the underside of his Dick while he was inside and her mouth became filled with wet sticky saliva. It was running out the sides of her mouth, dripping off her chin onto the desk. She slurped and sucked trying to keep the wet juices from spilling out. Mr. Tatem grabbed her head and moaned in tune to the sound of the slurping. Mr. James had had enough of his teasing and pushed deep inside her. She gave no resistance, and could feel the cool tip of his Dick entering her overly ripe pussy.

She pumped her ass straining against the desperation she felt deep inside. Mr. James rose to the effort. He grabbed her hips and drew in and out hard and fast. A swelling of pleasure grabbed her at each cycle, at first causing her to gasp for air as she gripped tighter around Mr. Tatem.

Mr. Tatem thrust hard into her mouth, with the same beat as Mr. James, they both rammed into her filling her up, withdrawing, leaving her anxious with anticipation. She had never felt so horny in her life; she could feel the wet sticky liquids from her own open cunt rippling down her thighs. She shuddered with ecstasy. Mr. Tatem jerked violently, he opened his mouth, but no words came out. He tried to pull out of her mouth but she held him there. She had never let any one cum in her mouth, but she was now eager for the experience. She tasted it, funky, hot and thick. She swallowed it down hungrily. Bathing his Dick with her tongue. He looked down at her face with a look that was totally helpless. He tried to push away, but couldn't.

He finally let out a scream of delight and his entire body went limp. At the sight of his release, Jerri started cumming. Slow waves of delectation covered her body. She gripped tightly onto Mr. James siphoning Dick and bucked her hips. She had no control over her bodily movements. And while her head gyrated uninhibited, she dug her nails deep into the softwood of her new desk. She heard screeches of uh-huh's, yeah's, please, and yes, fuck me! But for the life of her she could not place their origins.

She came and shivered one orgasm after another. Her throbbing pussy became tighter and tighter with each new sensation. Then she heard a low moan and grunt, and came to the realization that Mr. James had pulled out and was cumming on her now naked and turned up ass. She lay sweaty, mostly naked, and exhausted on her desk, humping to relieve the last tinge of arousal that remained. She turned slightly, and watched as the two men corrected their clothing and headed for the classroom door.

"Wait," she yelled to them, "We haven't come to any resolution regarding the children."

The two men smiled. "Why don't we continue this meeting tomorrow, same time," stated Mr. James.

"I'm not opposed to coming up to the school again tomorrow. I'd rather enjoy it." Mr. Tatem laughed to himself. "What do you think, Ms. Wheaks?"

Jerri looked down at her tousled clothing; she could smell the hot sex rising from her body. "I suppose that will be all right, if some agreement can be made."

Mr. James looked at his watch and then at Mr. Tatem, "I'm sure we can concur." The two men grinned sheepishly as they exited.

Jerri sat until almost three thirty. If she didn't get dressed soon she would be late for her parent's conference. She hadn't gone to class today, but she felt it her duty to make her appointments with parents. Even if they were held at a hotel, and not a classroom.