 Rebecca and Sean had been married for a little over three years. They had married right after her college graduation, and so were still in their mid twenties. They were very happy; they had a fantastic sex life and lots of friends. Though they had recently moved, they still tried to keep in touch with all of their college friends; the move had even put them closer to a few of those friends, and they were looking forward to being able to see them more often.

One of those friends, Mark, had made arrangements to come spend the weekend with Sean and Rebecca in their new house. They were both looking forward to the visit, though Rebecca was a little disappointed by the timing. Though they had moved almost a month ago, they had both been so busy with work that they had not had time to finish the unpacking. So, in the few days leading up to Mark’s arrival, Rebecca worked non-stop to get the house in order. She knew that he probably wouldn’t care if there were a few things in boxes, but to her it was the principle of the thing. Besides, if that’s what it took to get them completely settled in, she was glad for the motivation.

Sean and Mark had attended the same university and had been good friends while there and since. Rebecca knew him fairly well from her visits to see Sean, though she didn’t know him as well as Sean did. She did know that Mark had always had a huge crush on her. Actually, she thought, it wasn’t so much a crush as he just wanted to get in her pants. She was flattered, but she was also spoken for. Besides, though Mark wasn't an unattractive guy, he just wasn’t really her type.

Sean, on the other hand, was definitely her type. He stood about six feet tall with broad, strong shoulders. He wasn’t overly buff, but she loved how strong he felt when lying above her in bed. She found his sandy blonde hair and deep brown eyes very attractive. Mark was almost exactly the same height as Sean, but he was much leaner. She had always thought that if had just put on a little weight and/or muscle that he would be a knock-out. Mark had black hair that Rebecca had always known him to keep clipped short, almost military-style. He also had very large hands for the rest of his body, a feature that sometimes made him look awkward.

On the Saturday of Mark’s arrival, Sean and Rebecca rose early to finish off the few remaining things that needed to be done around the house. Mark would be arriving around lunchtime, and they still needed to get the guestroom looking presentable. When lunchtime neared, Sean left Rebecca to finish and went out back to fire up the grill. He intended to have lunch ready when Mark walked in the door. Rebecca finished quickly, jumped in the shower, and was getting dressed when she heard the doorbell ring. 

“Sean, he’s here, can you let him in?” she called down the hall. “Sean?” Damn, she thought, he must still be out back. Luckily she was almost dressed, so she quickly pulled her shirt over her head and went to the door.

Rebecca opened the door and stopped abruptly when she saw Mark standing there. He had apparently taken her mental advice, because he barely looked anything like the lanky college boy she remembered. He had obviously been working out; the polo shirt he wore hung across his shoulders like he was in a magazine. He looked as though he had finally grown into his hands. He had grown out his buzz cut, and his head was now covered with thick black hair, just a little longer than normal, and just the way Rebecca liked it.

Mark grinned. “Hey, Rebecca, how are you?” She blushed when she realized that she had been staring, and she could tell he knew why. He leaned forward to give her a hug; he was obviously enjoying the role reversal, and he squeezed her close to his hard chest. Before now, she had always been the one to make him uncomfortable.

“Hi Mark, come on in. It’s good to see you.” Rebecca pulled away and held the door open for Mark, and watched his ass in his tight jeans walk past her into the hallway. Damn, she thought, this is definitely not the Mark I remember. Along with his new looks, he seemed to have developed a new confidence. She could certainly see why.

By then, Sean had noticed Mark’s arrival and had come in from the back. The wonderful aroma of charcoal drifted in from the open door and brought Rebecca back to her senses. She listened as Sean good-naturedly teased Mark about his new appearance. Once the guys had finished their hellos, they all followed their noses out to the patio and the waiting food.

Lunch was good, and the combination of eating a big meal, finishing off the six-pack that Mark had brought, and finally getting to sit down after all of the preparations made Rebecca sleepy. It was a beautiful day, and Rebecca found herself slipping in and out of sleep in her lawn chair. Sean and Mark were talking about buddies from school, mostly people Rebecca didn’t know, so she found it hard to pay attention to the conversation. At one point she came enough out of her doze to hear the guys talking about someone they had known at school.

“Yeah, well, he always did get the hot chicks. Don’t know why since he was such an asshole.”

“You know who he really wanted, don’t you? Rebecca,” Mark offered.

At the mention of her name, Rebecca listened more closely, though she kept her eyes closed. She was curious to see where this was going to go, and wondered who it was they were talking about.

“Can’t say I blame him, of course,” Mark continued. “You know damn well that she’s hot as hell. In fact, she looks even better now than she did back then.”

Rebecca felt herself flush at the compliment. She tried to not draw any attention to herself since they obviously thought she was asleep and not listening. What was up with this? she wondered. She had always known that Mark had the hots for her; why was her body acting like this was breaking news?

Rebecca suddenly became aware of the painful crick in her neck, no doubt brought on by sleeping in a plastic chair. She stretched her arms theatrically to let them know she was awake, and slowly got to her feet.

“Boys, no offense, but I’ve got to go lie down somewhere more comfortable for a little while. Don’t let me sleep too long, okay?” Rebecca went inside and headed for her bedroom for a nap. All the extra work had just caught up with her and she felt exhausted. She felt a little bad deserting their guest, but she knew that the guys would find plenty to talk about. Besides, she’d been right next to them sleeping already, and they hadn’t seemed to mind.

“Man, I think she heard you,” Sean chuckled after she had closed the door behind her.

Mark shrugged. “I don’t care. Besides, she was seriously checking me out when I first got here.”

“Really?”

“Yup.” Mark grinned.

Sean looked his friend over. It was true that he looked little like the guy he had known in college. In fact, Sean thought, they now actually looked a lot alike except for their faces. Mark had filled out to the point that his body was shaped very much like Sean’s, and Sean knew that Rebecca was attracted to him. It only made sense that she would find someone who looked like him attractive as well.

***************

In the bedroom, Rebecca had found herself suddenly less sleepy. She was thinking about what she had overheard and trying to figure out what about it had made her feel so hot. In fact, she realized, she was horny as hell. She stripped and crawled between the covers. She usually slept in the nude, especially in warm weather like now, though normally she would have covered up with a guest in the house. This afternoon, though, her horniness lowered her inhibitions. The feel of the cool sheets on her skin was fabulous, and she didn’t really think Mark would come into her bedroom anyway.

Rebecca lay absentmindedly thinking about Mark, running her fingers over her body slowly. She remembered how it felt to be pressed up against him in his hug, and found herself imagining his weight on top of her. She was now wide awake and painfully horny. What she really wanted was a hard fuck, but she knew she’d have to make do with her fingers. She hoped that Mark wouldn’t mind the sex he was going to hear coming out of this room tonight, because she was planning on jumping Sean the instant he came to bed.

Rebecca ran her fingers over her breasts, pulling at her rock-hard nipples. She lowered one hand and ran her fingers through her trimmed bush. She didn’t want to tease herself right now, however, and she shoved her fingers in her dripping wet pussy and attacked her clit. With one hand on her clit and the other still tugging at her nipples, it didn’t take long for Rebecca to feel her orgasm building. She doubled her efforts on her clit and her release hit hard, making her back arch and her legs shake. She came down from her high slowly, wondering if she had made any noise, and deciding she didn’t care. She knew that when she was really into sex she could be very loud, and she had definitely been into it then. There wasn’t anything she could do about it if she had been loud, and besides, she kind of liked the idea that the guys had heard her. It made her feel naughty to think that they knew what she was feeling and why. 

Now that she had had her release Rebecca was feeling more relaxed, and she quickly drifted to sleep.

***************

The guys had been talking out back for a long time and finally decided to come in. They settled down on the couch and decided on drinks and a card game. Sean went to the kitchen for the drinks with instructions to Mark to check the drawers in the den for cards.

A minute later Mark stuck his head into the kitchen. “Hey man, no cards in the den.”

“Okay, let me think. Oh, I think we had them in the bedroom last. Check the drawer in the bedside table. And be quiet; I think Rebecca’s still asleep.”

Mark walked down the hall and quietly pushed the door open. Rebecca had drawn the heavy curtains so she could sleep, and the room was very dark. He stood in the doorway for a moment letting his eyes adjust and getting his bearings. As he became able to see, Mark realized that the little light in the room was highlighting some very tantalizing curves on the bed. He took a few steps closer and was able to focus on Rebecca’s naked body curved sexily in front of him. She lay half on her back half on her side, and her long brown hair was strewn wildly on her pillow. She had mostly thrown off the sheet, but the corner teasingly draped over her legs, hiding the place where they met. This drove Mark even more crazy than if he had been able to see everything clearly. Her breasts were not huge but they were perfectly shaped. The room was a little chilly, and her nipples stood out tall from the perfect mounds. One of Rebecca’s hands lay cupping her breast, the other high on her inner thigh; Mark wondered if she had placed them there intentionally. The thought of Rebecca touching herself set his heart racing. The overall picture that lay before him was beautiful and incredibly sexy, and he couldn’t tear his eyes away.

Mark heard footsteps behind him and knew he was about to get caught, but he still couldn’t bring himself to stop looking at Rebecca’s sleeping form.

“What’s the matter, still can’t find those cards?” Sean asked in a hushed voice. Sean came to stand beside Mark, and, as his eyes adjusted, slowly realized the alluring scene that lay before them.

“I’m sorry man,” Mark said as he turned to leave the room. “She’s just so gorgeous.”

“I know.” Sean was obviously just as affected by the scene as Mark had been, and he lingered over his sleeping wife for a few moments before following Mark down the hall.

Both men went back to the couch and sat, not even trying to hide the bulges in their pants. Sean was seriously considering leaving Mark alone with the TV for awhile and heading back to the bedroom. 

“God, you’re so lucky,” Mark said after a few moments. “I don’t see how you can just sit here with her in there like that.”

Sean grinned. “I’m seriously considering deserting you for a few.” He looked at his friend in obvious discomfort and decided that wouldn’t be very nice, but damn, was he going to fuck the hell out of her later.

******************

Rebecca lay sleeping in the bed, and was only slightly awakened when she felt Sean’s warm naked body against hers. She snuggled up to him and drifted back to sleep. She was pulled closer to consciousness again when he began lazily circling her breasts with his fingers. Rebecca loved to have her breasts fondled; she lay still with her eyes closed and enjoyed the sensations caused by his talented fingers. His lazy motions became more deliberate and when he finally brushed across her nipple a moan escaped from Rebecca’s lips. Encouraged by her response, he lowered his head and licked across her nipple slowly, then twirled his tongue around its base. When she arched up into him, he covered as much of her breast as he could with his warm mouth, swirling her sensitive nipple with his tongue.

This treatment had driven Rebecca into a frenzy, and she finally opened her eyes to watch. Her eyes were blurry from sleep and it was very dark, so at first she thought her imagination was running wild; she had thought that she had seen Mark’s dark hair instead of her husband’s. She blinked a few times and decided that the light and her daydreams were combining to play tricks on her. She closed her eyes again, pulling his chin up for a kiss. When their lips met, Rebecca knew that something was different and her eyes flew open. 

“Mark!” He leaned forward and kissed her again. Rebecca’s mind was in turmoil. As much as she had enjoyed her fantasy earlier that afternoon, she didn’t think this was right. She knew Sean would be livid. “Mark, no, we can’t do thi-oooooooooh.” Her protests were quickly cut off when she felt one of Mark’s thick fingers sliding between her pussy lips. 

Mark’s dark green eyes bored into hers. He tilted his head toward the doorway, and Rebecca looked to see her husband leaning against the wall, watching them intently. His eyes were glazed over and he was stroking the front of his pants. His shirt was off, and in the light from the hall she could see that his nipples were tiny and tight. 

Rebecca’s attention was jerked back to Mark when she felt his finger return to her pussy. He began to kiss all over her face and neck, and Rebecca lost herself in the exquisite feelings that were coursing through her body. Mark worked his way back down to her chest, giving her other breast the same wonderful treatment the first had received. After a few minutes at her breasts, Mark began kissing and licking his way down Rebecca’s flat stomach, taking his time and savoring the taste of her soft skin.

Sean had by this time removed his clothes and had come over near the bed. He turned on the small lamp and stood watching as his friend reveled in his wife’s beautiful body.

Though Mark was incredibly aroused, he was determined to make this last as long as he could. He wanted to just shove his cock into Rebecca and fuck her hard, but he knew this was probably his only chance to be with this amazing woman. He had nibbled and kissed his way down to her stomach, and was nuzzling her soft mound of hair. This whole time his finger had continued teasing the outside of her lips, and her moisture was running down her legs and over his fingers. 

Rebecca opened her eyes and saw Sean standing above her, his dick inches from her face. When he saw her looking, he took his cock and rubbed the tip over her lips. He knew she loved to suck him and that this would drive her wild. It didn’t take long before Rebecca’s tongue had licked every drop of precum from his tip and was greedily licking his shaft. She grabbed his ass, pulled him closer, and swallowed his dick in one smooth motion, taking him in almost to his balls on the first stroke. She held him deep in her throat by his ass, and sucked and licked on his shaft until he was groaning in pleasure.

Mark looked up at Sean’s groans, and saw Rebecca’s lips wrapped around the base of his shaft. He let out a groan of his own and buried his face in her wet pussy, licking for all he was worth. The combination of this new stimulation and the dick in her mouth threw Rebecca’s body into overdrive. She began twitching on the bed beneath them. Both men wanted to push her over the edge, so Sean reached down and began fondling her breasts, pulling and twisting her nipples roughly like he knew she loved. Mark saw how close she was and simultaneously sucked her clit into his mouth and pushed his large forefinger deep into her pussy. The combination of all of this was too much for Rebecca, who screamed out her orgasm, her body lifting far off of the bed. The waves of pleasure ran through her for what seemed like several minutes. Sean had removed his dick from her mouth when she first started cumming, but the guys maintained their assaults on her breasts, clit, and pussy until she collapsed on the bed, moaning quietly. 

The men watched Rebecca as she lay exhausted on the bed, both of them wondering if they had overdone it. That had been a very violent orgasm, and they weren’t sure if she’d be up for any more. 

Then, after a minute or so, she opened her eyes, looked up at Mark who was kneeling between her legs, and said quietly, “What are you waiting for, Stud? I need to be fucked!” He lost no time in sliding his rock hard dick into her waiting hole. She moaned when his thick cock stretched her wide, and knew that it wouldn’t be long before she had another mind shattering orgasm. Mark grabbed her legs and pulled them up in front of his chest so that she was bent at the waist, and began long steady strokes that set her on fire. Sean had returned his attention to her breasts and stomach, and when he trailed his fingers down and over her clit, she screamed out in pleasure. He continued to push her close to orgasm, but every time she thought the damn would break he would back off, teasing her mercilessly.

Rebecca’s obvious pleasure and her tight, gorgeous body was taking its toll on Mark. He knew he wouldn’t last much longer so he let go of Rebecca’s legs, which she quickly wrapped around his body. He then reached under her and grabbed her ass and began pounding her with his cock, pulling her tight against him. Sean was merely enjoying the show from a few feet away. The two lovers ground their bodies into each other passionately, and soon Mark had leaned down on top of Rebecca, holding her tightly as he emptied his seed inside of her. Rebecca remembered her earlier wish to feel his weight above her; she had been right, it was a wonderful feeling to be surrounded by his strong body.

After a moment, Mark pulled out and collapsed next to Rebecca on the bed. Sean took no time in replacing him between her legs. They settled into a slower rhythm, though Sean knew he couldn’t keep up the slow pace for long. He had been horny ever since seeing her naked earlier, and he had just watched a hot display between his wife and his friend. He had known how hot she was during sex, but he’d never before been an outside observer. If anything, it had been even hotter to watch her with someone else.


Mark was collapsed next to Rebecca on the bed, but he found the energy to roll over to face her. He moved in close and began nuzzling at her neck and biting at her earlobe.

“God, Baby, you are so hot,” he breathed into her ear. “I’ve wanted to do that for such a long time. I want to do it again right now. I want to fuck your hot cunt.” The nasty talk was having its desired effect on Rebecca, as she was now moaning loudly. Mark leaned over and muffled her moan with a deep kiss. Their tongues danced and fought until Rebecca couldn’t take it any longer.

“Someone needs to suck my tits right now!” Neither man wasted any time in complying with the command, and Rebecca quickly had a mouth on each breast. “Ohgod, ohgod, ohgod, ohhhhh!” she screamed as her second orgasm washed over her.
