 More Fun with Benoit

Sylvie and I spent a relaxed day shopping and strolling along the streets in the Rive Droite and Marais sections.  We stumbled onto an exquisite small shop specializing in maternity clothes, and Sylvie bought me three outfits.  Although they are not really needed at home on the boat, I am planning on wearing them to school on the days I'm called to substitute.  Since Sylvie plans on getting pregnant herself once my baby is born, she will certainly be wearing the same outfits herself.  

Since my readers are certainly more interested in fucking than clothes, I'll skip ahead to our hotel room after dinner, where we again found ourselves naked with Benoit.  Sylvie wore the garter belt and stockings, as he said he found them to be very stimulating.

I had bought a package of préservatifs, condoms, during the day, and I told him, "Let me put this on you."

Benoit looked surprised.  "Why?  You can't get pregnant again.  I told you I was safe."

"I thought you might like a new experience.  I noticed you liked putting that dildo in my ass yesterday, so perhaps you'd care to try putting your own cock in there as well."

"Bien sûr!  I'd like to give it a try, but why the condom?"

"I like to clean myself out before anal, but since I don't have my enema bag here it will be better for you to wear one.  Otherwise it can be messy."

He nodded and I rolled the condom over his cock, which was at maximum hardness.  Then I spread a generous dollop of KY jelly over the latex.  Taking his hand in mine, I squeezed out another dose onto his fingers and told him to try to work as much as he could into my rectum.  I bent over the bed and spread my cheeks for him.  He spread the jelly all around and managed to get two fingers into me while I relaxed as much as possible.

"That seems to be as much as I can do," he reported.  

While he had been doing this, Sylvie amused herself by stroking his lubed cock, keeping him as hard as possible.  She suggested, "Sonia, get up between my legs here on the bed and eat me! Benoit peut t'enculer from behind."  This was a good plan, and we put it immediately into action.  I soon felt the tip of Benoit's cock pressing against my rosette.

Letting myself relax as much as possible, I told him, "Push in slowly until you are as deep as you can go, and then stay still until I'm accustomed to you being inside me."  Although longer he isn't any thicker than the dildo on the strapon, and I quickly felt comfortable with him lodged in me.  The KY allowed him to slide in and out easily as I commanded, "Fuck me slowly for a while, don't get in a hurry."

Benoit was obedient, and as he did the va et vient I asked for, he said, "This feels super, tighter than your pussy."

I didn't respond as my mouth was busy working on Sylvie, but she answered for me, "Yes, men always seem to like it back there.  But we women don't as much, so reach around and play with her pussy too."

I had already reached between my legs, and our hands met in a little dance around my sex.  He steadied himself with his other hand, grasping my hipbone, and increased the speed of his thrusts as I moved my fingers more rapidly around my clit.  This time he couldn't wait for either of us and grunted as he buried himself in me and ejaculated.  I wasn't close to orgasm myself, but I kept stroking myself and licking around Sylvie's clit, while Benoit kept himself lodged in me as long as possible.  Eventually he softened and fell out of me, and shortly thereafter Sylvie came, clamping my head between her thighs.

I was feeling a cramp in one leg, so I rolled over on the bed beside Sylvie and worked myself hard with both hands, while Sylvie, although lethargic from her orgasm, stroked my breasts.  Finally I had a nice orgasm, although not as hard as the ones from the day before.

We stayed immobile for probably five minutes, before I looked over at Benoit.  "How was that?  You came much faster than before."

"It was incredible, so hot and tight.  I'm sorry I didn't last longer, but it felt so good I couldn't hel;p myself.  Why didn't we try that years ago?"

 "It would have hurt a lot more then.  It took me a long time to get to like it."  I looked down at the condom lying wrinkled and soiled around his deflated cock, the tip full of his semen.  "Let me help with that." Reaching over to take his cock in one hand and the edge of the condom with the other, I peeled it off and gave the tip of his cock a few licks to clean off the traces of semen that remained around the opening.

Despite the air conditioning I was covered with sweat and wanted to take a shower.  Neither of them wanted to get up, so instead I ran a bath and lazed around in the warm water for a long time.  Feeling warm and fuzzy I washed my hair, covered it in a towel turban, put on a terry bathrobe, and wandered back into the bedroom.

