 This story is about my roommate and me during our first year in college. When I think of the craziest shit I pulled in college, this story definitely tops the list.

My name is Shane, and right now, I'm a senior in college, but this story goes back a few years to the days in the dorms. Back then, I was new to the idea of not having parents around, as well as all the fucking hot girls on my floor, so needless to say, I was racking up my usage of condoms my first few months in the dorm. Back then, I was pretty built and easy on the eyes, and had an 8 inch dick to go along with it.

My roomie was pretty cool, but my true bud was Tyler, who lived down the hall a bit. Tyler and I were peas in a pod; we looked almost exactly alike, were pretty much built the same, and had dicks to be proud of. Tyler hated his roommate, but because the fucker was always around, there was no escape for my bud. Instead, he hung out a lot in my room or I chilled in his to make it a little easier on him.

Ty was the closest thing to a bro I had. He and I got to be real close buds over the months, and we did a lot of stuff together. Sometimes, if we struck out at a party, we'd just go home and beat off together just to pass the time. We pretty much knew how to get each other off, so we'd talk about girls we like and how much we want to fuck them hard.

This time around, I was going to chill with Ty. Just as I was walking in his room, his roomie was leaving to go to his classes for the day. Figuring my bro would be free for a good two hours, I went straight to his porno stash and started picking out some good videos. I popped one in and started rubbing my shit in my sweats I had on. Tyler noticed what was going on and sat next to me and whip his shit out. We both got naked and started jerking, occasionally smacking at each other's nuts or nips just for fun.

With my dick in my hand, I looked at Tyler and got this great idea. I looked at him and told him I wanted to fuck some girl with him right then. He seemed a little freaked at first, but I was able to convince him to go for it. We got our sweats back on and walked around the dorm hunting for puss. I found this girl I hooked up with the week before, and figured we found our victim. Now I'm generally a nice guy, but when it comes to girls, I lay the mack on hard for them, and they usually like it after a while. I went up to this girl and tried to get her to fuck me and my bro.

Her name was Gina, and she was a frosh like Tyler and I. Gina was a small girl, but her tits made up for it all. She just joined a sorority, and her house and my fraternity did a lot of stuff together. I met her last week at a party and ended up spending the night with her, and I could never forget how tight her shit was around my dick.

I went up to her and started talking. Tyler just stood there, and I introduced the two. I started asking her how her week was and all that shit, but then moved real close to ask her for her bed and puss for a bit. Tyler and I were both pretty much tenting our sweats from beating off before, and I made sure Gina could feel my bulge by leaning right up against her. I leaned in and whispered into her ear how much my bud and I want to fuck her right now. She just looked at Ty, looked down at his bulge and giggled. She took my hand and led me inside her room. Tyler just followed us in...we were set.

By the time the door was closed, my sweats were on the ground and my boner was rising up. I grabbed Gina's body and started taking off her shirt. My bro sat on her bed and started jerking his shit under his sweats. I got her on her knees right in front of Tyler, then bent her over, sticking her ass in the air. I slid her panties to the side and started licking her puss to get this shit started. Tyler saw her face go from smile to moan as my tongue started to work her snatch. She pulled my bro's sweats off his body and started to kiss his dick all over. By the look on my bro's face, it was going to be a good time.

I kept tonguing her puss and clit, and she moved on to suck my bro off. Before long, I had enough of just licking her, so I knelt up and started sliding my dick inside her. Her puss was just as tight as I remembered it, and I started to slowly pump my dick in and out of her. As I kept going in deeper, she started to suck my bro harder and faster, and I could sense Tyler was having a hard time from blowing right then and there. My fucking got its rhythm going, and my nuts slapping her puss started a beat for Tyler to fuck her face to.

After a bit, Tyler looked at her and asked if she wanted to taste what her puss tastes like. After letting out a yes between moans, we stood her up and she climbed on my bro. She started riding him facing me, and I could tell by the look on his face that she was still as tight as ever. I stood up and bent her face down toward my crotch, which she started licking all over, getting every last drop of puss juice on her tongue. I started feeding her my cock, and before long, she was taking my entire dick in as my buddy fucked her puss hard. I could tell she was trying to moan, but my dick in the way made her moans just vibrate into my dick. After a bit, I could feel her start to cum on my bro, and her juices flowing off Tyler's sack confirmed that.

After a while, I leaned her back up and knelt in front of my bro's shit. I started rubbing her clit for him, which she returned by grinding harder onto Tyler's cock. I eventually leaned in and started tonguing her clit more, and this just drove her nuts. I started sliding a finger in her puss while Tyler fucked her, and it felt like there was so much room left in there...something I had to fix. I stood up more and put my dick against her clit and started rubbing it on her button. Before she knew what was happening, and before she could protest, I was sliding my dick in her puss with my bro.

Ty and I were best buds, so the thought of our dicks touching didn't bother me at all. Instead, all I cared about was how tight her puss was getting the farther I slid in her. After a while of her getting used to it, Tyler and I were pretty much the same depth in her snatch, just pounding the shit out of it. By now, Gina was moaning hard and loud, and I was almost beginning to worry if people would notice. Instead of giving a fuck, I just kept on pumping in her with my bro, finding this awesome rhythm that kept her moaning and squirming on us.

I could tell that Tyler was getting close, so I stood up in front of them and pulled her up. Tyler got up with me and we got her on her knees. She started sucking one of us while jerking the other, then switch back and forth between the two of us. All this time, all I could do was look at my bro and give him a "fuck yeah" look. We both got pretty close, and I told her to stick her tongue out. Tyler and I aimed our dicks at her tongue, and we both started shooting our loads on her tongue at the same time. We seemed to shoot forever, and after a bit, she couldn't hold any more in and some started dripping on her tits and the floor. All Tyler and I could do then was just pass out.

We got her all cleaned up, then got dressed and booked. I called her later that night, and she was still not getting over all the dick she got that day. That night, Tyler and I jerked again thinking of the puss we tagged together. Eventually, for the rest of the year, we'd do her together once again and separately each a few times more, but the girl down the hall was sure to take care of us when needed.