 Ch. 07: Joan plays at a frat

I sat in front of the house, looking at the address on the yellow stickie note I held in my hand. Why was I so apprehensive? I was the one that started this after all. Well, Suzanne and I were. The only man I'd ever really been with had been Bill. Somehow, I just suddenly felt that life was passing me by and I had all these fantasies that I'd kept to myself over the years. True I probably should have shared this with Bill when I was much younger, but that was water under the bridge. Suzanne was the one that suggested I wasn't too old yet to try a few of them. For that matter, she wouldn't mind trying either. 

The first of course was sex with each other. Oh not full sex, but just some simple touching and rubbing on each other. It wasn't all that I'd expected, but then I wasn't sure exactly what I did expect. It did lead to much more intense encounters with each other, which left us both hungry for more. But more of what? Suzanne suggested that maybe a little husband swapping would be what I was looking for. While it was fun, it wasn't the sexual fulfillment that I expected. Suzanne seemed to be more impressed with Bill than I had been with Jerry. Though I had to admit, Jerry did a pretty spectacular job with his fingers and mouth.

Bill seemed completely at ease with having sex with Suzanne, and even his accidental encounter with multiple partners. And here I was, sitting outside a house full of young men, apprehensive to go knock on the door. I didn't really consider that train thing multiple partners. It was more like being used by multiple men than engaging with them. No, this was going to be much more intimate than that. 

Vince had assured me that both men I would be with were gentle and respectful. I was playing the part of mom coming to visit her son and his roommate at the fraternity house. I hadn't expected it to be a real fraternity house! He said that there would be other young men there, all legal age to be sure, and that I could choose to allow or not allow them to participate at my discretion and desire. The only two I had to have sex with were Jimmy and his roommate, Eddie. Beyond that, if I wanted the other boys to look at me, or touch me, that was up to me. He didn't recommend having sex with the whole frat house, though being summer there were only a few boys there.

No. I started this to see if I was missing something. There was no way for me to know unless I actually tried. Being with Vince pretending to be a pool guy was an extremely erotic encounter. I enjoyed seducing him, or pretending to anyway. Getting him to rub oil all over my body before I coaxed him to show me his cock. I'm not much on sucking dick, but I did some before I encouraged him to dive into my pussy and then eventually fuck me. As the afternoon went on towards evening I was less inhibited as other couples showed up, leaving me feeling much less nervous about having sex in front of another couple. In fact, it was a little exhilarating to lay on a lounge chair with Vince pounding into me while another couple watched and played. 

I unbuttoned two more buttons on my blouse and pulled it apart, checking to see just how much cleavage I was showing. The little half bra I had on supporting my breasts held them up nicely and still left my nipples exposed. I stroked my fingers across my nipples, making sure they were hard. Young men were easily enticed by nipples, or at least I was pretty sure they were. I took a deep breath and opened the car door. If Bill could go pretend to be a father to two young ladies having a sleepover, I could pretend to be a mother to a college boy and seduce him and his roommate. I pulled the little overnight bag out of the car with my purse, the bag holding a few toiletries, a dress that I wasn't sure I was going to even wear, fresh clothes for tomorrow and of course, the sexiest "mom" nightgown I had. It was thin, it was short, and it showed a LOT of cleavage. I was sure it would be effective at seducing Eddie and my son.

I walked to the door and rang the bell. A young man, maybe twenty at most, opened the door. "Yes?" he asked as I looked him up and down. Fit, trim, young, wearing a sweaty tank top and pair of spandex shorts. Yeah this was going to definitely be a different experience. He looked me up and down as well, his gaze pausing at the bumps presented by my nipples and then again at the VERY short black skirt I had on that didn't quite cover the lace tops of my thigh high stockings.

"Hi. I'm here to see Jimmy Allison?" I said after he had a chance to take me in head to toe.

"Oh. You're Jimmy's mom! Come on in Missus Allison," he said brightly, holding the door open for me. "He went to his room to work on homework after dinner. I'm sure he's still up there. Let me show you."

"Thank you," I answered cheerfully as I stepped into the front room and let him close the door behind me. 

"Right this way," he said, motioning across the room before he walked that way, leading me across a very large common room with a massive big screen TV and a variety of sofas and chairs. I followed him to the stairs and up, feeling a tingle between my legs as I stared at the tight shorts molded to his young ass. He kept looking back at me, and I wondered what he was looking at or thinking. I looked down and realized that with him walking higher than I was he could see down into the front of my top. I grinned as I realized that he was probably seeing my nipples down my blouse. "So. You're going to be spending the night with us?" he asked politely, looking back at me.

"I am. I haven't seen my son in some months and am looking forward to spending a little time with him," I answered, slowing down as he slowed to look back.

"I'm sure he'll enjoy the visit. You're welcome to come join us later tonight down in the main hall. Some of us are having a movie night."

"Oh. That sounds fun," I answered cheerfully, taking a quick peek at his crotch and the bulge growing there. Yes, he was definitely checking out my breasts. I leaned a little more forward, trying not to blush at the thought of him looking even farther down the front of my blouse. He was an unexpected admirer, but it still gave me a tingle down deep to feel his eyes practically undressing me.

He paused on the stairs, looking down at me. "Can I take that from you?" he asked politely, waiting for me to take another step up toward him as he held his hand out for my little overnight bag.

"Well, that would be nice, thank you," I answered, allowing him to bend over me farther, and get an even better look down my blouse. I handed him my bag and then fanned my face with my now free hand. "I think I'm going to need a shower. It was quite a warm drive," I said as I unbuttoned two more buttons on my blouse, leaving only two near my waist holding it together. I had no doubt that he could now clearly see my left breast as I stood on the stairs with him.

"It is hot out," he agreed, staring at my practically exposed breast. "I was just out running and I feel like I'm soaking wet."

"I can see that. Looks like you need a shower as much as I do," I agreed as he turned to lead the way up the stairs again, his cock definitely larger in his tight shorts.

"Jimmy can show you where the showers are. Most of us use the large shower on the second floor, but there are a few private stalls upstairs if you'd prefer."

"Oh I'd hate to put anyone out," I answered, my heart almost stopping as I realized just what I had just suggested. Taking a shower where I'd be completely exposed to whoever might walk in? Could I really do that? Was I brave enough? Was I turned on enough?

"Well. If you change your mind though, just let me know and we can get you into one of those."

I giggled a little. "I'm sure you could," I answered.

I heard him gasp. "I didn't mean, that I'd personally... I mean. I wasn't suggesting that..."

"It's quite alright. I understood exactly what you meant. But I did mean it. I don't want to put anyone out, so just go about your normal routine. I'm sure it'll all work out," I said as we stepped onto the landing.

He looked back at me almost as if he didn't want to believe that I'd just suggested he show up in the shower when I was. At least that's what I intended to suggest, if he got it. I wondered if we'd even be alone in the shower. "Here's Jimmy's room," he said. A few moments later as we came to a door on a long hallway. He knocked and then pushed the door open. "Jim. Your mom's here!" he said as he stepped into the room.

The room was spartan, with two bunk beds that met in a corner and two desks along one wall. The remaining wall had three dressers, two of which had a number of items on the top and looked occupied. "MOM!" one young man said cheerfully, getting up and walking over to give me a big hug. "I see you met Greg. This is my roommate Eddie," he said, motioning to another young man, maybe mid to late twenties, wearing a pair of athletic shorts and nothing else. 

"Hello Eddie!" I answered as Jimmy released me, stepping back in his baggy athletic shorts and t-shirt. I stepped toward him and held my hand out. 

"You might want to give your mom a chance to shower after you give her the tour. She was saying it'd been a hot ride, and it's not all that cool in here."

"Uh. Sure. Good idea," Jimmy answered, looking at me curiously.

"I might lie down for a few minutes first," I suggested. "After the tour of course."

"We can arrange that," Jimmy answered brightly. "Thanks for bringing her up Greg," he said as he took my overnight bag. "So a tour?" he said, turning back to me. 

"Certainly! Especially if it includes a bathroom. It was a long day in the car."

"Oh sure," he answered. "This way." He walked out into the hallway with Eddie following behind, and guided me toward the far end of the corridor where another staircase led both up to the third floor and down to the first. Before we got to the stairs he turned to open the last door, holding it open for me. Inside was a large bathroom area with several sinks inset in a large counter, a number of toilet stalls and several urinals. "The showers are this way," he said, holding his arm out towards a gap in the wall that led into a large tiled bay with half a dozen shower heads, reminiscent of showers in the schools of my youth. 

"Well. That is a large shower isn't it? I'd certainly have enough room in here," I answered him as I stepped into the white tiled room. I turned around and stepped out. "You know. I've always envied boy's ability to go to the bathroom without having to get half undressed." 

"What do you mean?" Eddie asked.

I grinned. "You have a built in hose. Ladies don't," I answered him as I walked towards one of the stalls. 

"Oh yeah," he answered sheepishly. 

"But I suppose, just once," I answered as I turned back from the stall and walked towards one of the urinals. "Since I do have a skirt on." I stepped in front of one of the urinals and hiked my skirt up in the back and then pulled my bikini panties down. I used one hand to hold my panties down between my legs as I stepped to the porcelain receptacle. I hiked my skirt up part way and reached between my legs with my free hand to spread my lips with two fingers. I stood for several seconds, trying to convince my body that it was safe for it to release. Fortunately the urinal stuck out quite a ways from the wall and I was able to pee into it without too much trouble, though I hadn't really thought this through and didn't have anything to wipe myself with. "Would one of you be a dear and get me a little toilet paper to wipe with?"

"Sure," Jimmy answered, stepping to a stall and then back out a few moments later. He walked to me and held the tissue out for me. I took the small wad from his hand and gently wiped the remaining drips from my pussy and then turned around to face them. I let my skirt fall into place, and pulled up my panties before walking to the trash to dispose of the tissue. I walked to the sink to wash my hands and looked at myself in the mirror, my boobs clearly trying to escape out the mostly open front of my blouse. "Goodness," I said as I straightened it up, trying to settle my breasts back into the bra without showing off everything. Eventually I just dipped a hand into each side, cupping each breast and laying it down into the half bra, all three of the boys staring at my reflection as I did. "Sorry about that boys. I didn't realize I was showing so much. Maybe I better button a few buttons back up? You probably don't want to be staring at an old woman's boobs all night."

"Not on my account," Eddie said quickly. "I think your boobs look pretty damn hot."

"Oh. I know it isn't true, but it's sweet of you to say. But, well, okay," I answered him, leaving the buttons undone and moving my hands to my skirt and smoothing it down. "So. The rest of the tour?"

"Sure thing Mom," Jimmy said, leading the way out of the bathroom. We walked around the house, through the huge kitchen, the dining room area, and the great room which I'd seen when I came in. "That's about it," he finally said.

"Where does this go?" I asked, looking at a set of stairs that went down towards a basement.

"Oh. That's just the game room," Jimmy answered. "YOU don't want to go down there."

"Why not?" I asked, starting down the stairs carefully in my high heels. I stepped off the stairs and turned to enter the main room. I saw several pool tables, air hockey tables, a ping pong table, and a large bar on the back wall. The other thing I saw was a wide variety of scantily clad or completely naked woman taped to the walls. "Well. This is certainly a nice place to play games." I nodded as I walked around the room. I heard footsteps come down the stairs and turned to see Greg walk into the room, no longer wearing his workout clothes, but a pair of baggy athletic shorts.

"Oh Hi Missus Allison," he said quickly, looking like he was going to retreat.

"Hello again. Greg isn't it?"

"Yes ma'am," he said, pausing on the bottom step.

"I was just saying that this looks like nice place to play games. Do you boys play a lot down here?"

"Yeah. It gets pretty good use," he nodded.

"Interesting decor. Half naked women? I presume that's because you hope to get your girlfriends that way?" I asked with a chuckle. "Don't worry boys, I won't tell."

"Really Mom? It's just posters," Jimmy said with a sheepish grin.

"Looks like you boys are into all kinds of games. Pool, air hockey, foosball, and look! Ping pong! I haven't played that since I was, ohhhh maybe ten or twelve years old. We should play a game!"

"Well. I don't exactly know that we have any paddles," Jimmy said hesitantly.

"No paddles? Then how do you play?" I asked him curiously.

"Well. We don't usually..." Jimmy started to say.

"What your son means to say is we usually use it to play beer pong," Greg offered quickly. "Not that he plays much, but it's pretty popular at parties."

"Beer pong? I don't think I've ever heard of that."

"Well," Eddie said quickly. "You try to bounce a ping pong ball into the cups on the other side and if you land your ball in one of theirs they have to drink it."

"Drink it? What's in it? Ohhhhh silly me. Beer of course," I said, shaking my head as I walked around the table. "Seems that college games have changed since I was in college. The most outlandish games we played were things like strip poker and twister and such."

"I'm sure some of the kids still play those," Greg said quickly. "Maybe we should go back upstairs?"

"Oh don't be silly. I'm here to have some fun with my boy and maybe learn a little about what his life here is like. Beer pong seems like it might be fun to try."

"Uh. Sure Mrs. A. I bet we have some lemonade we can use to set up a game," Greg answered.

"Gregory. I don't think it's called lemonade pong. I'm a big girl. I'm sure I can handle a cup or two of beer. Set it up, just like you would for anyone else."

"You're sure Mom?" Jimmy asked.

"Sure. Let's see if you can beat your old mom," I answered with a smile. It didn't take long for them to set up two triangles of cups on either end of the table, leaving me standing across the table from Jimmy. 

"You go first Mom," he said. 

I aimed my ping pong ball and bounced it off the table, sending it soaring over the net and bouncing off the lip of one of the cups and off onto the floor. "Oh phoo," I said with a little pout.

"My turn I guess," Jimmy answered, bouncing the ball over the net and into one of the cups with a splash.

"Oh my. So I have to drink this one then?" I asked.

"That's how the game works," Greg said.

"Well then," I answered, taking the cup and drinking it down. It took more to down the whole cup than I'd have thought, but after a few seconds I drained it. 

"Just set it aside and it's your turn again," Eddie said, standing next to me. 

"So it is. Here goes," I said, bouncing the ball over the table and completely missing the cups. "It would seem that I'm not very good at this game."

Jimmy bounced the ball onto my side and into another cup full of beer. 

"Well. If I keep losing like this I'll be too drunk to even see the cups on the other side," I said as I picked up the cup and fished out the ball before downing the plastic cup of beer. I set the cup aside and aimed my ball, this time landing it into one of the cups on the other side. 

"Ohhhh Jimmy. Looks like mom got you that time."

"It seems," he answered, quickly downing the cup. He held the empty cup in one hand and the ball in the other, aiming carefully before bouncing it across the table into yet another cup.

I looked down and momentarily wondered if I'd gotten myself into something I shouldn't have, but then this was supposed to be a game, so... I picked up the cup and downed it quickly before launching the ball back bouncing it off three cups before it fell to the table surface without going into a single one. Plop the ball Jimmy sailed my direction landed into yet another cup. "Goodness," I uttered, picking up the cup. I downed the cup in one long drink, setting the cup down hard on the table. "Goodness. It's getting warm in here," I said honestly, running a hand down into my mostly open blouse to rub it across my breasts. "One more time," I said, bouncing the ball across the table and managing to get it into another cup. I looked at Greg, who was staring wide-eyed at me. I looked down at myself while Jimmy downed the cup of beer, realizing that I had inadvertently pulled the front of my blouse open enough to leave one breast hanging out. I briefly thought about putting myself back into my blouse, but hadn't quite completed the thought when the ball plopped into another cup. I looked down at the little white ball floating in the cup of beer. 

"You don't have to drink it. Honestly Mom," Jimmy said after a few seconds. 

"No. I said I'd play, but I'm afraid this will have to be the last one. I might be better off playing something a little more tame," I said before picking up the beer and downing it.

"Jim. You ought to play your mom in a game of pool," Eddie said to my son.

"Me? Oh goodness. I haven't played pool since I was very young," I answered him.

"Yeah. That's a good idea," Greg added, stepping around the table next to me. He looped his arm in one of mine and guided me toward one of the tables and then released my arm while he continued over to the wall and flicked a few switches turning on a set of lights hanging over the pool tables.

"Come on Mrs. A!" Eddie coaxed. 

"But I really can't play," I protested.

"I'll help you," he said. "How about it Jim? Willing to get beat by your mom? Stripes and solids?"

"What the heck," Jimmy answered with a shrug, walking towards the table.

"I think you need to play girlfriend rules," Greg said as he walked to a stool along the wall near the tables and sat down.
