 I was so excited about vising Amanda in San Francisco. It had been years since we last hung out and I missed her terribly. The plan was for me to stay for five days, four nights in an old hotel near the Business District, and she would take me out for two of those days/evening for some fun together! The rest of the time was just for me to enjoy. I needed to get out of the house, out of my hometown, and away from the usual routine for a little bit of fun.

On the morning of the day Amanda was to pick me up, she calls and tells me to wear something "cute" for our evening together. I didn't know what she meant by "cute" exactly, but I did happen to bring a floral skirt and a feminine, lavender colored top that hugged my body in all the right places. So, I took a nice, long, hot bath, shaved and groomed myself, got dressed, put on a little makeup, then styled my hair so that I was looking (and feeling) very well put together. I thought I looked good, and apparently Amanda did too! When she came to pick me up she commented on how beautiful I was, and she kissed me on the cheek. 

She came around 2pm to pick me up for a late lunch and some drinks. We went to an Indian restaurant and the food was absolutely on point. We laughed, caught up with some great conversation, and it felt like we hadn't spent any time apart at all. It was exactly what you'd expect to feel with any true friendship, and it was wonderful. After lunch she took me to a lounge nearby just for some drinks and more talking. We sipped wine, talked about school and relationships and life in general. She was living with two other women in a one bedroom apartment (because rent is SO expensive in San Francisco), going to school, and working as a youth counselor. She had a girlfriend, but their relationship was currently a little rocky and that's why I wouldn't be meeting her at all during my visit. She told me about life in the city. I told her all about life as a married woman who didn't do much but work (typing reports) and take care of the house and husband. To be honest, I had a pretty dull life and I think she recognized that pretty quickly. 

"I have a surprise for you later tonight" she told me. And when I asked about it, she refused to give the surprise away. "You'll just have to wait and see! I think you'll enjoy it."

We then moved on to another joint... a bar of some kind where we enjoyed a light meal and a cider or two. By now we were nearing 6pm and the alcohol was already starting to give me that cool, calm, relaxed feeling. I was feeling cute, happy, AND confident! Also, I was feeling very curious. Where was Amanda going to take me? What was the surprise? I waited in suspense patiently (but anxiously) until 8pm when she hailed a cab for us and told me to "get ready for a good time". Believe me, I was ready!

I looked around as we rode through the city. Was she bringing me to a concert? A show of some kind? Was she taking me to a party? I didn't recognize the building as anything remarkable when we pulled up in front of a sky rise. It looked like a closed office building with no signs, no markings... nothing. 

"This is it!" she said as she opened the taxi door. "Come on!" I got out of the car and followed her to the front doors of the building. 

We stepped into a mostly bare lobby. "Where are we?" I asked. 

"You'll see in just a few minutes!" she replied with excitement in her voice.

We entered through another set of doubles doors and just through those doors was a table with two stacks of papers, a podium, and a host. We were greeted quietly by enthusiastically. 

"Welcome!" said the host. "Go ahead and sign those two papers on the table, I'll check your ID when you're done, and then I'll tell you where to go!"

Amanda and I filled out the paperwork. I didn't read through the entire form... something about consent... something about protection... blah blah blah. And I signed the bottom. We flashed our ID, the host double checked our forms, then started his introduction.

"Alright! Looks like you're all set! Tonight you'll have all access, which means the dance floor, bar, both the upstairs and downstairs showers and Jacuzzis are open, and there are towels and lockers for you to use just around the corner through those next set of doors." He points to his right, our left. "Upstairs to the left are the private rooms. If the curtains are closed, the room is in use, please do not disturb the occupants. There is a 30-minute limit for private rooms to prevent long waits. Upstairs to the right are the public lounges. Feel free to be as clothed, or unclothed as you wish while walking around both floors. Go right ahead through those door, feel free to explore, roam around, and please, enjoy your visit!"

Amanda squealed with excitement, grabbed my arm, and pulled me toward the entrance to what I could only guess was some kind of sex club? I had never been to any such place before and I felt myself suddenly becoming shy and nervous! We walked through the doors and there were signs to the downstairs restrooms/baths/lockers. We headed there first. I guess I wasn't surprised to find that there were no male and female restrooms. And there was very little privacy. Only the toilets had privacy doors. The rest was shared and mostly open. We found the towels and grabbed one each. Then we picked out a locker to share and began to undress. 

"You're going to really love this!" Amanda said while stripping off her shirt and bra with so much confidence. "Wait until you see the large group room upstairs! It's 60's themed and has this awesome, large, red, round bed! It's so cool."

I smiled and raised my eyebrows, not really knowing what to say! Stripped down naked now, we closed the locker and wrapped our towels around our waist before heading to the bar and dance floor. I definitely needed another drink! The few drinks I had earlier throughout the day just weren't enough for this! I needed some liquid courage! 

We walked around the corner out of the restroom and into the bar. The bartender was fully clothed, and people on the dance floor were a mix of both nude, partially dressed, and fully dressed. 

"Hi, what can I get for you?" the bartender was friendly. 

We ordered two red wines and sipped while watching people flirt, talk, dance, and touch each other on the dance floor. It wasn't too long before Amanda got bored there and decided we should head upstairs. And so we did. We finished our glasses of wine and went up the stairs and to the right. We entered from the stairwell through a set of curtains and there, right in front of my eyes, were people making out and fucking, moaning and masturbating. Some people stood around and watched others as they made love. There were a couple of groups all touching and moving around on each other. It was like nothing I had ever seen before! I was both excited and horrified all at once! We moved forward to find a place to sit and observe. As we began to walk, I was approached by an attractive, older man.

"I just wanted to tell you that you have beautiful breasts. Would you mind if I felt them with my hand?" the man asked politely. 

I looked at Amanda with a look on my face that expressed surprise and flattery. She smiled back and shrugged her shoulders in approval, and so I replied to the man, "Thank you. Yes, you can feel them."

I stood there, proudly pushing my chest forward as the man raised his hands to cup my breasts. He gently massaged, and then asked if he could kiss them. I told him he could. Amanda stood by and watched as he did. When the man was finished, he kindly thanked me and walked away. Amanda and I walked until we found a place to sit and we giggled at the looks we were getting from everyone around us. 

"Maybe we should give them a show!" She said. 

Amanda leaned in and kissed me on the mouth. I kissed her back. While kissing her, I thought about all the years we had been friends and wondered why we hadn't kissed before now. Her lips were so soft and tasted like sweet lip balm and red wine. I kissed her harder. She kissed me back, this time with more tongue and I felt her hand brush against my nipple. I brought my hand up to feel her breasts too. Such nice, round, beautiful breasts and so soft to the touch. 

I could feel people watching us, and some people did come up close enough to "accidentally" rub our back or slide a hand over our shoulders as we made out. No one bothered us though, and eventually, we decided to invite some other people into the make out session. A couple sitting just across from us smiled at us, and so we waved them closer. We smiled, said hi, and asked them to join us. The woman moved in and kissed Amanda. The man swept right in and kissed me. Amanda and I held hands as these two strangers began to put their hands all over us and explore our bodies. 

"Can I make you cum?" the man asked me. I shook my head yes. Amanda had already spread her legs and had the woman's tongue on her clit. 

Another man approached us and asked if he could join. At this point, why would I say "no"? Might as well experience all that I can while I'm here! I knew I'd never have another experience like this one again! We invited him in. And then another woman came and asked permission to suck on my toe. What the Hell? OK. Yes. Yes, you can suck on my toe. By the time we were all settled in, I had one man penetrating me, another sucking on my breasts, and a woman licking and giving attention to my feet. It was over stimulating, but oh so nice! I laughed, and, never letting go of Amanda's hand, felt closer to her than I ever had before. I wondered if this was something she did every weekend!

People gathered to watch us and I didn't have to try hard to put on a good "show". With all the different parts of me being teased, touched, liked, fucked, tickled, and sucked, it was easy to let out a genuine moan, sigh, and purr every now and again. And when I got close to orgasm, people were playing with my hair, putting their hands on me (I don't know how many, but it felt like a lot of people) and cheering me on as I breathed heavy and started to cum. Several people leaned down to kiss me, maybe to see if they could taste my pleasure? They were petting me as I exploded into a truly euphoric state. Fireworks going off in my head. The room nearly spinning, probably due to hyperventilation, and my body tingling and numb. I couldn't believe this was happening. I had never received so much attention in my life! And it was good! 

I looked over at Amanda and she was smiling at me. She must have already finished... or maybe she had stopped in order to watch me? I had become so lost in the sensation of everyone touching and watching me that I had completely lost track of Amanda and her own "performance". What did I miss? My body began to relax again after the orgasm passed, and I rested. 

"That's a good girl. How did you like it?" Amanda says to me in a whisper. 

"Oh, my God." I was out of breath. "That... was... amazing."

People had wandered off by now to look for the next willing participant to get off. Amanda kissed me again and suggested that we go clean up and then walk around some more. And that's exactly what we did. Amanda and I used the restroom upstairs to shower and clean up. We wrapped a fresh towel around our waists and headed back out into the public area. We slowly wandered around, watching couples, groups, and individuals getting off. I saw the large round bed that she had mentioned to me. There were some women giving lap dances to anyone who sat down in front of them, way in the back of the room. We touched people as we walked by. Smiled at everyone. And eventually, we decided it was time to end our visit. We headed back downstairs to get dressed. 

As we walked back out to the lobby, the host greeted us once again.

"Hello again! I hope you enjoyed your visit?" he said.

"Yes! We did! We had a lot of fun. Thank you!" I replied. 

I don't know why I did it, but I reached my hand out to shake his hand goodbye. He didn't grab my hand though. Instead, he held his arms out, asking for a hug. OK. I happily gave him a hug. He thanked us once again, and we opened the door to go outside. 

"Come visit us again soon!" we could hear him say as we exited the building. 

Amanda and I just giggled, we kissed some more, and we waited for the taxi to come and pick us up again. 

"Well, what did you think?" she asked.

"I don't even know what to think! What WAS that place!? I've never even heard of such a thing! It was scary, but exciting, nasty but sexy, fun, interesting... Let's just put it this way... It was an amazing, once in a lifetime experience!" I replied.  

"It doesn't have to be just a once in a lifetime thing you know." she smiled at me. But for me... it definitely was just a once in a life time experience. We didn't have these kinds of places where I lived, and I was married anyway! This was going to have to be a secret that never goes beyond Amanda and myself. And to keep myself from getting into any more trouble, it was something I could never allow myself to experience again. "I promise, I won't tell Jim." she must have read my mind. 

The taxi dropped me off at my hotel room first. Amanda gave me a huge hug goodnight and told me she'd call me to schedule our next (and last) day together before I had to return home from my trip. 

"Goodnight! Love you!" she yelled out as she got back into the taxi to go home. 

I went up to my hotel room and plopped down onto the bed, reflecting on my night. Holy shit. I was just a participant in an orgy, at a sex club, with my friend. It was unbelievable. Even if I DID go home and tell my husband all about it, there's no way he'd ever believe me! It's definitely not something I would have ever thought to do on my own! Good old Amanda! Leave it up to her to get me into trouble with a good, sexy adventure! Ha! I couldn't wait to see what she had planned for us next!