 Part 2 Connie's Story

As we drove from the club to Hydro Bob's apartment, all she could think of was whether she could take all of his enormous dick. "I'm kinda nervous Gary." Connie said. "How long have we been doing this? I mean it's been years and we've had fabulous sex, better than any two people could imagine but, I just don't know if I will be able to handle that thing." 

"No shit Sherlock," I said. "I'm so very glad it is you that has to deal with that and not me. I've seen miles of cock in my life, all sizes and shapes but I've never seen anything that big before. Just remember what the girls told you, he will do whatever it takes so as not to hurt you and you will love it. My only hope is that you don't love it too much. Besides they say there is gonna be about 80 people there and we will know most of them. Damn, he's gotta have a big place."

As we pulled up to the building and saw where it was, we both started to laugh. Being a realtor I knew what these condos were going for. I guess when you only know someone from a nudist park, you don't really think of the materialistic side of them, which, quite frankly, I find refreshing. Bob was, however, loaded. 

As we entered the vestibule, we were met at the door by a lady we knew from the park. She told Connie that the party was out back. Before I could leave, she laid a lip lock on me, laughed, winked and said have fun baby. With that, she left the enormous living room, and headed further into the apartment. 

"Alright everybody, Connie's here," someone yelled and a cheer went up from the guests. 

"Where's Gary?" Jan asked. 

Connie laughed, "Mary grabbed him before he was completely inside the apartment."

"Damn, I knew she was gonna do that too, I should have warned him." Bob said as he walked over to her and gave her a kiss hello.

"You jerk Bob." Jan laughed. "Girls, Gary's toast. Mary can suck the chrome off a bumper. Damn it, I had planned to hog him all night too."

"I wouldn't worry about Mary, it's the other two that were in the living room you girls have to worry about. Trust me, Gary will have a night to remember. Jan would you take Connie and show her were to hang up her clothes. What are you drinking hon, Rum and Papaya okay?" Bob said.

Jan came up to her, gave her a kiss and took her to one of the bedrooms. Connie had never seen an apartment like this one. Everywhere you looked was absolutely wonderful erotic art, plush furnishings and it looked like it had been designed for sex in every nook and cranny of the place. Jan led her into the walk in closet of one bedroom. It was huge. 

Jan leaned over and kissed her again as she started to unbutton her blouse. Connie opened her lips and returned the kiss with unabashed passion. Jan's hands roamed over her taut tight body as their tongues darted feverishly. Her skirt fell to the floor as Jan removed her bra. 

Connie's perfect 36B's were natural, flawless, incredibly responsive and one lick of her nipple would light a fire that would burn all night long. Jan knew that oh too well. These two played together all the time at the club. They just loved initiating new people. Both were insatiable and everyone just loved it. 

Jan's lip caressed her nipple as she sank to her knees. Her hands slid down her sides and her fingers hooked the top of her panties. Her hands deftly removed Connie's panties and she stood there, like the perfect fuck wench she was, dressed only in her stockings and high heels which perfectly shaped her beautiful legs and perfect ass. Jan drew in a full breath savoring the aroma of unbridled pheromones. 

"You've been in cock heaven all week thinking about Bob's huge cock haven't you?" she giggled as her tongue teased her puffy pussy lips.

"I know you've done him, but I haven't yet. Gary's been teasing me all week. I thought I had done a horse in New York last year but let me tell you, Bob is a lot bigger. I've been cumming all week thinking about this, oh baby, lick it, don't stop licking that feels so very good," Connie moaned. 

"Rum and Papaya for the ladies," someone said. Connie looked over her shoulders and two gorgeous guys from the park were there with the drinks. "Looks like the party started in here but we're not surprised. Wherever you two are it is always party time." 

She took her drink, leaned over and kissed the guy and her hand reached for his adorable semi hard cock. She stroked his cock while Jan licked her clit warming her up for the evening ahead. The other fellow sat Jan's drink down, walked behind her and knelt down to run his face over her sweet ass. His face, feeling the softness as his tongue drifted into her hot, tight ass.

She must have loved it as she began to attack Connie's slit with total passion. Connie arched her back and the guy that was with her started to stroke her body slowly, passionately touching every part of her. Now, you gotta understand, you stroke Connie this way and you're gonna get the ride of your life and then some. 

The guy behind Jan started to drive his tongue into her tight hot asshole and she started shaking and screaming into Connie's pussy, "Oh Gawd, That is so good, I want more, more, more." 

Connie put her hands on Jan's head and pulled her away. She turned to the guy with the great hands and, by now, a great firm 7 inch cock and she kissed him hard, shoving her tongue deep into his throat. Her hands caressing his swollen, shapely cock and balls. 

She sank to her knees, examining that beauty pointed at her face. Oh she liked what she saw and her tongue snaked out and she ran it around his swollen head very slowly. Her hands caressed his buttocks as her tongue traced the groves and ridges from tip to the bottom. 

Connie could do more with her breath than some people could with their mouths. She heard Jan moaning louder and louder as the guy she was with had his cock buried deep in her ass. Connie looked up to the owner of this beauty, looked him right in the eye, opened her mouth and took him fully into her throat. He let a gasp out of his mouth and she heard Jan laugh. He had never been with Connie before.

Now, there are good cocksuckers and there are great cocksuckers but if there was a world champion, I do believe that Connie would have been her. She took him all the way in and then she just held his cock in her throat. Her tongue began its magic. 

That woman became unreal when she started that. She moved her tongue along that oh so tender underside and it drove men wild. Now this was no small movement but if you were watching her you saw no movement on her face, but that tongue would start moving and milking and moving and milking and, with every movement, that cock would get larger and larger.

She had no gag reflex and her throat would come into play. She was literally swallowing his cock while jerking him off with her tongue. The sensation was so intense. It didn't take her long before his knees were shaking and his breathing was getting out of control. He ran his hands through her hair and she knew he was getting ready. 

He grabbed her hair and she increased her tongue action. She forced her face fully onto his cock, forcing him into her throat and he screamed as his balls lifted and he unloaded his sweet cum, spurt after spurt of it down her throat. Her hands firmly clamped on his ass made sure he didn't pull away as she was not one to miss a drop. As his cock softened, she held him in her throat to get the last drop possible. As his cock softened, a scream was heard from behind them. 

Jan started to cum as the cock buried in her ass exploded pumping her ass with a stream of hot, hot cum. Connie stood up, kissed him deeply and thanked him for the appetizer. 

She found her drink while Jan recovered. They walked together out to the party. 

When they came out to the party, Bob was standing there with a drink in his hand. Connie walked up and kissed him and thanked him for inviting us to the party. She commented on beauty of the apartment and Bob put his arm around her and took her on a tour. 

"This building has only two apartments per floor. I was lucky because when they were designing the building, I was able to specify how I wanted it laid out. There are five bedrooms plus the master suite. I had each of the bedrooms designed as master suites because I like to play and I want everyone to be comfortable. Then I hit the mother lode. I met two gorgeous women at the park who were interior designers. If I'm not mistaken, Gary has already met them in the living room. We talked about the project and I told them that I had very specific requirements as to how I wanted this finished. I wanted each and every piece of furniture to be comfortable to fuck on. I didn't care, I just wanted to have the ultimate fuck pad." Bob said as they looked throughout the apartment.

Everywhere they looked, people were fucking, sucking, swallowing or getting rammed in every position possible. Twosomes, threesomes and mini orgies in every room. The scent of sex was intense. 

The artwork came from all over the world. Nancy is an erotic art expert. The pieces she found me were perfect. Bob took Connie into his office. Truly masculine by design, dark woods and lots of leather furniture. She walked over to his desk and was struck by a military shell that stood on the corner of his desk. It stood about 18 inches high. She laughed and made a comment about it being a phallic symbol. He laughed when she said that. Of all people, he truly didn't need one. 

She turned, walked up to Bob and kissed him deeply. "I don't know if I can take all of that but I sure do want to try."

With that said, she dropped to her knees and grasped his huge cock in her hands. The first thing she noted was the weight. She had never seen anything like it before. She kept running her hands around it, stroking it. While soft, the head was larger than most were when hard and ready to cum. He was not hard but his cock had a firmness to it that truly took her breath away. She licked it. Licked it all over. She explored his enormous cock with her face, tongue and hands. She opened her mouth and she took the head inside her hot, wet mouth. Her tongue bathed the head of this monster. She wanted all of it. 

She opened her mouth as wide as she could and started to take more of his long cock into her. She tongued every inch inside her mouth and very slowly she descended upon this marvelous task. Bob moaned and told her she sure lived up to her reputation.

He told her very few women had ever taken him that deep. By this time, she had a little over half of Bob's 13.5 inches soft cock inside her mouth. Now Bob was just about twice as thick as the average, above average well hung man. Connie's jaw was opened as wide as she could get it and the discomfort she felt there was overcome by the burning desire that was building as she finally had this thing in her mouth. She felt his head at the opening of her throat. She pushed forward cautiously and she felt him enter her throat. Nothing had ever stretched her throat like that. Nothing had ever felt so good either.

She felt Bob's cock harden and swell. She pushed forward a bit more and he slid in deeper. By this time, Bob is getting harder and harder. 

"No one has ever been able to do this," he moaned.

Connie still had a about three inches of cock left to swallow and she was determined to do it. Her mouth was so wet but her passion for this cock was overwhelming. She forced her face deeper and with every push, Bob slid deeper and deeper. Her jaws ached but her pussy was flowing like Niagara Falls. She could cum just from sucking cock and she had already had a few small ones but she was so intent on doing this she didn't care. With only a couple of inches left, she forced her face onto that magnificent hose and it slid completely in. 

She had Bob's cock all the way into her throat. Her nose nestled his pubic hair. She was totally lost in the lust of the moment. 

"Oh God, Connie, this has never happened to me in my entire life. I've dreamed about this but I've never experienced anything like this."

Neither had she. Bob's cock was fully hard and huge and she couldn't do her fantastic tongue because there was no room inside her mouth so she did what every great cocksucker would do, she pulled out and went back down on it. Each time she did, she took more and more out and sank back down on it fully. Bob went wild. Bob, in all his 46 years had never had a true full blown blow job. By this time, her throat had fully adjusted to the size and the discomfort in her jaws was minor because the heat of the moment was too intense to worry about it. She loved what was happening and she wanted this to be just as memorable for Bob. She took his cock out of her mouth and looked at him and told him to fuck her face, fuck it hard and to give her everything he had. 

With that, she took his cock, licked it completely and opened her mouth and swallowed him to the hilt. Bob started to fuck her pretty face. His hips pushed forward and his cock slid deeper and deeper. She grabbed his ass and pulled him all the way in. He pulled out and went right back in. He built a rhythm and she savored each thrust. Her pussy was drenched.

She was flowing like a river as Bob's huge cock sank fully way beyond anything either of them had experienced before. Bob was in heaven. This tall, fit man had his enormous cock pounding her sweet face. He started moaning, his thrusts grew stronger. She came and came and came again as Bob's orgasm built. She knew he was going to blow and fill her stomach with his sweet cum. Her pussy kept constricting with each and every thrust of his huge cock. Bob screamed and that enormous pipe unloaded and just kept squirting deep into her eager slut throat. 

Connie sucked as best she could. Feeling his eruptions rather than tasting them, his cock had grown so thick and when the first blast hit, she came so hard she almost passed out. She followed each and every drop of hot cum flow thru that pole. She felt the copious warmth flow down her throat. Every spasm, thrust and twitch felt so good. She felt like the perfect slut cocksucker and she wanted the entire world to know it. She had done it, she had loved doing it and she knew, she wasn't through yet.

Bob pulled his cock out slowly, letting her take every drop of cum from it. When the head withdrew into her mouth and she could finally taste his cum, she savored every drop. She tongued the head and loved it. 

She wanted all of that cock in every orifice of her hot wanton body. She doubted she could do it but she sure was going to figure out a way before this night was over. 

"Bob, I want that cock inside me. I want you to fuck my pussy and then, I want this all the way up my ass."

"Connie, no woman has ever taken this up their ass."

"That was then and this is now. I've got an idea, lets go get a drink and I'll tell you what I would like to try."

As they walked out of Bob's office, Bob yelled toward the living room, "Gary.....you're wife is fucking fantastic." They heard me laugh as they went for their drinks. 

They walked into the kitchen and there were several people there. "Where the hell is Gary?" they asked.

"He's experiencing the most incredible two women you'll ever meet. I won't say the best cause, quite honestly, he's married to the best." Bob laughed. 

Jan walked into the kitchen and demanded to know where the hell you two have been. She had been looking all over for them. Bob looked at her and said they were in the out of bounds area, his office. Jan laughed. Bob then implied what had just happened and Jan damned near fainted. "You've got to be kidding. No one could do that."

"All the way, to the hilt baby."

Jan walked away shaking her head, seeing her husband Dave, ran over to tell him. Dave walked into the kitchen and just stood there while Connie leaned over, gave him a kiss and started to talk in sigh language. Everyone cracked right up. 

Connie was laughing so hard. She felt so good. Jan grabbed some paper towels and dried off her legs. "Bob must have cum a ton as your legs are drenched." Connie grabbed her, laughed and told her Bob hadn't fucked her yet.

"What the hell are you two talking about. I thought that you just said..."

"Jan, Connie swallowed this fully hard all the way. I've never had a blow job like this before in my life."

Dave damned near passed out. "Baby, I knew you were good but I didn't think anyone could do that."

"Well, I'm only getting started. I need your help but if you help me, this will be a night to remember," Connie said. 

By this time, there were quite a lot of people milling about getting drinks, talking, catching their breath. "Come on gang, lets see what or who Gary's into."

All of a sudden, I hear applause. I looked up and there were about 30 people standing in the far end of the living room. Connie is standing there with such a shit eating grin on her face. She walks over, lights three cigarettes and gives each of us a smoke. She leaned over to Nancy, kissed her and said "Thank you, I didn't think he'd like that." 

"See, I knew he'd be getting busy, never have to worry about him. Come on gang, lets get busy ourselves." 

I just laughed.

Dave walked out toward the party and made the announcement. "Gang bang!"

Bob took Connie to one room where there was a special table that he had crafted that would allow her to get so well fucked she wouldn't believe it. She got on the table and everyone came to see what was going on. Jan made the announcement about what Connie had done and everyone was totally blown away. Now she wants to see if she can hit the trifecta, so lets get busy and help her get prepared. 

Connie positioned herself on the table Kate and Nancy had designed. The table was constructed so that while she was in the doggie position, her mouth was perfectly positioned to either lick cock or pussy. Everyone was eager to get in on this action. Lines formed at each end and everyone, male and female alike wanted a piece of this. One by one, the guys fucked her pussy, while she licked the assortment of hard cocks or sweet, hot, wet pussies. She was truly in slut heaven. Load after load was pumped into her sopping wet pussy. The women positioned themselves via the special chair that put their steamy wet pussies right on her greedy lips. Connie was in a state of ballistic arousal.

Her pussy was getting rammed with ever bigger dicks. Deeper and deeper they stretched her pussy. Total lust filled that room. With each guy, the cock got bigger, the thrusts deeper. Connie was cumming constantly and licking every drop of previously deposited cum from every gal there.

Her pussy soaked, her clit on fire and the next guy guy in line was Bob. A hush fell over the room. People were jammed in the doorway to get a look at this. None of the women had ever been able to take Bob all the way in. They'd all fucked him and they all loved it but none had ever done it and quite frankly, Connie doubted she could either but she just looked over her shoulder and smiled. Bob walked up behind her and pushed his cock into her hot, well fucked pussy. His cock slid in. She moaned and he slipped in a bit deeper. Bob started a rocking rhythm and with each thrust he sank a little deeper. 

Connie remembered the guy in New York and she was pretty sure she could do this. Bob kept pressing deeper and deeper and with one final thrust his balls slapped her clit and he was totally inside her.

The roar from the crowd was huge, encouraging him on. Bob began slowly but deeply pumping that hot twat. Her raging sheath enveloped him and she thrilled at the feeling of his strength and fullness. 

Jan came to the head of the table. She leaned over and kissed Connie. Connie looked up at her and told her to get her pussy up there cause she wanted her best friends pussy on her lips while she did this. Jan grinned and Connie started lovingly licking while Jan started really talking filthy and that put Connie completely over the edge. She started cumming on Bob's huge cock, bucking, thrusting, screaming with total abandon. Bob's thrusts reached a crescendo and he started cumming and cumming. Connie screaming harder, faster, deeper, "Oh God! Fuck Me, Dammit, Fuck Me!" Jan completely lost it by this time and flooded Connie's face. 
