 Authors Note: This is the fourth chapter in the Partner game series. Believe it or not, the first 4 chapters are intended to set up the following chapters. The series includes a wide range of encounters, catering to the characters desire to "expand" their palate of sexual activities. Clearly not every chapter will meet the desires or appetites of all readers, so if a particular chapter isn't your cup of tea, please be considerate and realize that your cup of tea isn't the only brand being brewed, and enjoy one of my other works.

 

It had been weeks since the encounter on the jogging trail. I'd discussed Cynthia's offer with Joan, and got a moderately cool reception. She wasn't at all sure that "group orgies" were where she wanted to go. Sue was doing her best to convince her, but Jerry was equally resistive, though for different reasons. He wasn't sure he wanted strange men banging his wife, and I could certainly understand the sentiment. I suppose I was ignoring that aspect in favor of thinking about having sex with a large number of younger women. 

After much discussion my wife finally agreed that it might be interesting to have some much younger partners. Tonight's get together with Cynthia and her husband amounted to an interview. An effort to see if we were "suitable" for inclusion in the group. When I pulled into the driveway I was a little surprised to see Sue and Jerry's car in the drive as well as half a dozen others. I hadn't known that they had too agreed to try. I parked and walked to the house hand in hand with my wife. Cynthia answered the door in a light satin robe and invited us in. 

"This is my husband Dale," Cyn said as a way of introduction as she led us into a nicely furnished living room. The lower level was very open concept, with a huge oak dining table with at least fifteen chairs around it in one portion, and a very large kitchen adjacent to it, separated only by a large island counter top, which too could be used to eat at with a half dozen stools along one side. I could see from where I stood at the entrance to the living space that there were at least two bedrooms that were accessible off the living room area. Each bedroom was separated from the living room by a pair of sliding barn type doors which were now sitting open, allowing a complete view of much of the bedroom and the entire king-sized beds.

Dale walked over to us while I was making my quick assessment of the huge house, reaching out a hand to shake.

"Dale. Bill," I said as I shook his hand. "My wife Joan," I said as he looked my wife up and down briefly before shaking her hand as well. 

"Good to meet you. Of course you know Cyn, my wife."

"We've talked, but this is the first time we've met," my wife answered, looking Cynthia up and down critically, assessing the young twenty something woman.

"Well. Let's have a seat," Cyn said, motioning to the couch by Jerry and Sue. She sat down across from us in an overstuffed chair, her husband settling into another one close by. "So. Ground rules. We get together periodically as couples. Not that a single can't come if something happens and their spouse can't make it, but in general our activities are geared toward couples. All of our couples are married, and happily so. Marital problems result in an immediate suspension. We don't want our group to be part and parcel of a divorce. What happens here, stays here. We don't talk about what we do to others that aren't members."

"How many members do you have?" my wife asked.

"Right now, something over twenty couples," she answered. "Not everyone makes every event, so we might have as many as fifteen, but usually closer to seven or eight couples. Sometimes as few as four."

"If we're accepted?" I asked. "So, this is, what, a selection process?"

"Something like that. Most of our couples are forty or younger. I know from talking to you that Bill and Joan are older, but I don't see that as a problem. Some of our couples are in their early twenties. It makes for an interesting group, and sometimes interesting couplings," she said with a grin, looking directly at me. The next rule is secrecy. Not of the group, but between partners. At no time is anyone in the group allowed to get together for a secret rendezvous or meeting or whatever. Not that couples can't get together outside of our group meetings, but it has to be with full knowledge of both partners. This isn't to break up couples, but strengthen them by keeping sexual relations fresh and new."

"Sounds simple enough," I answered.

"Good. Now on to selection. You can get undressed," Cyn said, standing up and pulling her robe open, revealing her completely naked body. Her husband stood up and skimmed his athletic shorts down and stepped out of them, leaving him as naked as his wife.

"Get naked?" my wife asked, a little surprised at the suddenness.

"Sure," Cyn said as she stepped over to her husband, who was again sitting down, and sat on his lap with her legs hanging over one of his. "You're all going to be getting naked in front of the group sooner or later, so we just want to make sure no one has any hang-ups about being naked in front of others."

"I guess that makes sense," my wife said as she stood up. I stood next to her and quickly started undressing, tossing my clothes on the sofa. We'd been advised to wear something easily removable and comfortable, so my walking shorts and t-shirt were quickly disposed of, leaving me naked. My wife pulled off the t-shirt dress she'd worn and her panties, leaving her clearly feeling nervous in Dale's inspecting gaze. 

Sue was stripped as quickly as I was, apparently wearing nothing but flip-flops and a dress. Jerry took a little longer, but eventually finished.

"Good. Come with me," she said as she got up from her husband's lap and then held a hand out for him. She walked over to the large table and moved several chairs out of the way to leave about half of the length of the table open on one side. She picked up a stack of eye blinders, the kind one would wear to bed, and handed them out to us. "Okay. Put these on," she coaxed quietly. "Okay ladies, step over here," she said, reaching out and guiding my wife and Sue to stand facing the table. "Put your eye covers on," she said, waiting for each one to pull them down over their eyes. "Can't see? Good. Now, bend over the table."

"Bend over?" my wife asked.

"Uh huh," Cyn coaxed gently pressing on her back. Sue had quickly bent over and was resting her chest on the table waiting. "Okay gentlemen. I want you to get your wife's pussy ready. Tease it, lick it, play with it, whatever you usually do. When you think she's ready, I want you to enter her and make sure she's nice and turned on and wet. Feel free to take a few strokes, but once you have her nice and turned on and lubricated, go ahead and pull out."

"Okay," I answered with a shrug, not at all sure where this was going, besides having sex in front of another couple.

Sue was bending over the table only a foot or two from my wife, and I could tell that Jerry was going to have an easy task. Her pussy was already glistening with the juices of her excitement. I suspected it was going to take Jerry longer to get ready than her. My wife, on the other hand, wasn't nearly as ready as I was. I knelt behind her and softly licked up her lips, teasing my tongue between them gently. She shifted her weight and spread her legs apart about two feet to give me access. Over and over I licked up her slit, tasting her tangy juices slowly turn to sweet wetness as she grew more excited. I stood up behind her and rubbed my engorged head up and down her slit to wet it before slowly pushing into her. 

"Oh yeah," she moaned softly as I worked my shaft in and out in short little strokes, lubricating both her pussy lips and my rigid shaft. Before too many strokes I was fully in her and stroking easily into her, her feet pushing up to lift her ass toward me with each stroke.

"Okay gentlemen. Blinders on," Cyn said as she stepped next to me. She pulled me back and away from my wife. "Almost all of our get togethers include sex with partners other than your spouse. Many times we let random chance pick our partners. So we want to be sure that you're okay with, well, not knowing just who you will be having sex with. We have a pretty diverse group, including s members of other nationalities. I've invited a few of them over today. They've been playing down in the rec room, getting ready for this. Gentlemen, ladies. We're going to give you a variety of partners, yes all opposite sex, and gentlemen, we want you carry on just like if she was your wife. Feel free to use your hands on her body as if she were your wife. Remember, a gentleman never fills a lady without permission. Ladies, you're going to get the easy part of this. We have a few gentlemen that are going to take turns with you. Feel free to climax as many times as you want. They have been instructed to not come in you, but if you can make them get off, feel free. You, unfortunately can't touch them. But feel free to move your body or ask them to touch you in any way you want."

"Just how many men are going to be sticking me?" my wife asked a little sharply.

"Oh. About half a dozen, including my husband. If you don't want to, just say so and we'll call it quits now," Cynthia responded.

"Okay," my wife said quietly.

It took a few moments before I heard some bare feet padding across the hardwood floor. My right hand was guided to a soft ass cheek and them my dick was guided to the pussy of a woman that was clearly bent over the table like my wife. I slid easily into an already wet pussy, driving my fat cock slowly into the offered orifice, drawing a moan from a younger young lady. I held her hips and gently pumped my hips back and forth, driving my cock into her over and over, feeling her move around and wiggle herself on the table, clearly enjoying the attentions. 

A small timer went "ding" and I was coaxed back from the table, the pussy I was just fucking slipping off my rock hard shaft. I could hear my wife moan softly, and briefly wondered who was fucking her, and then realized that I probably had no idea who it was.

After a few whispered comments between women I couldn't see, I was guided between the legs of another woman, this one laying on her back on the table. I felt her legs with my hands as my cock was guided to her pussy. "Ohhhh fuck!" I heard a feminine voice moan as I pressed my head into her, but not much more. She was incredibly tight around my shaft and it took quite a few strokes before I felt my engorged head hit the end of her tunnel, still a couple inches short of being fully inside her. I slid my hands up her body and found a nice pair of tits that easily filled each hand, squeezing the soft orbs gently. "Oh yeah," she moaned again as I started sliding in and out of her. I felt her wrap her heels around my ass and try to pull me in harder with each thrust, her wet pussy caressing my cock and teasing an inevitable orgasm even closer. Her hips lifted and fell with my strokes, her whole body shuddering after only a couple short minutes. I stopped stroking, partly because I was concerned about lasting long enough to do six women, and partly because I could feel her powerful contractions around my dick as she climaxed. Her moans and panting seemed to only encourage my dick, leaving me feeling like there was no way I was going to get past another hot pussy.

"Oh damn," I groaned as I was coaxed into another tight pussy, again on her back. I slowly pushed into her and while I slid all the way in, I wondered if I'd be able to last? Each stroke was like a whole new set of sensations. Her pussy gripped and massaged my cock every bit as much as mine seemed to be teasing her. I heard her whispering "oh fuck oh fuck" over and over as I held her legs and pumped my hips in and out. Over and over my cock slid into her, caressing my cock and feeling like she had a grip on me with her pussy. "I don't know how long I can do this," I panted loudly.

"Just keep going. Don't stop," the woman moaned. I felt her find my hands and pull them from her hips up her body to hold a large soft set of breasts. I squeezed the soft mounds, feeling her hard nipples press into my palms as I continued to stroke in and out of her pussy. 

"OH FUCK!" I heard my wife cry loudly, followed by a low groan and panting. Her grunts almost drowned out the moans of the woman in front of me, causing me to picture my wife being fucked by some monster cock, the only thing that came to mind that would cause such a reaction. 

"I can't old back," I groaned loudly, listening not only to the sound of the woman I was fucking, but my wife being fucked, and two other couples. "I'm going to come." 

"SO?" the woman I was in answered as breathlessly as I felt. "Just keep going a few more seconds," she added, reaching with her heels to pull my ass. "Harder. Fuck me harder. Oh god yes. HARDER!" she begged as I pounded into her harder, knowing that I was now past the point of no return. I slapped my thighs into her bare ass, driving my cock into her hard as she arched her back to change the angle of my stroke almost each time I pumped into her. "That's it! RIGHT THERE!" she cried, her pussy suddenly contracting even harder around me as her orgasm washed over her. My own body jerked hard and drove my cock deep into her as it surged a huge gush of cum into her pussy. I stood between her legs, my body jerking and pumping cum into her for what seemed like hours as she lay on the table in front of me, shuddering and trembling in my hands.

"Impressive," the woman on the table said as my cock softened and slipped from her. She sat up and pressed my chest to back me away from the table and moments later I felt a hand on my softened dick and then a hot mouth. The sounds of slurping and sucking were distinct as were the sensations of a hot mouth sucking my dick. Her hands teased my balls and sucked both my head and balls, slowly coaxing me toward hardness again. I heard the distinct sound of my wife climaxing only feet away, as she presumably still lay bent over the table. 

"FUCK!" she cried as she came, panting and groaning as she has so many times under me. Moments later I could hear a man groan in pleasure, and wondered if he'd just filled her pussy the way I'd filled the woman in front of me. 

"There you go. Now you're getting hard again," she cooed at my feet as she played with my growing hardon. "I think you're ready for the next one." I felt her stand up and pull me towards the table and engage my head between a set of soft pussy lips. She coaxed me to push and I felt my dick slip inside another very wet pussy. I felt her body lean against mine and whisper in my ear. "I'm voting for you. Now fuck her silly. She loves it hard and fast!"

I started to stroke, no longer worrying about coming, slapping my hips against her bare ass. I could feel her whole body move with each stroke, her moans growing with the intensity of my strokes. Before long I was pounding hard into her, smashing her thighs against the edge of the table as I felt her push her chest up off the table. The angle of her tunnel changed as she lifted herself, my strokes nearly driving her upward with ach thrust. "OH FUUUUUUCK!" she cried loudly as I plunged into her over and over. "OH GOD! GONNA COME! GONNA! OHHHH FUCK!" she cried loudly, drowning out the moans of the woman on the other side of my wife and Sue, who Jack was fucking. I felt her reach back and straighten until she was practically standing in front of me, her arms reaching for my head to pull me against her. She pulled me down with her, laying back on the table with me on top of her. I felt her shudder and tremble as she was trapped between me and the table, panting and gasping as I slowed my strokes, but kept sliding in and out of her. 

She shakily pushed herself off the table, and me with her. I felt her turn in front of me and wrap her arms around me before giving me a long wet kiss. She broke the kiss and then pushed me back, moments later guiding me back to the table, her hand finding my rock hard dick and feeding me into yet another pussy. 

I pushed slowly into the pussy in front of me, this one again on her back rather than her stomach, allowing her to push herself up on the table so that my strokes, instead of sliding straight into her, slid up into her pussy. She reached her hands around my neck and held me as I rocked, pumping my dick in and out of her. I could feel her gasp as her clit slid along my shaft, her feet reaching around me and resting on my butt as she tried to hold her legs apart for me. In and out I plunged, letting my hands slide up and down her sides and then work around to her chest. Her tits weren't big, they each cupped easily in my hands, firm and round. Her nipples were puffy and pushed out, allowing me to rub my thumbs back and forth across each puffed areola. "Ohhhhhhh," she moaned softly, rocking her hips a little harder as I teased her nipples. "I like that," she whispered quietly. As I stroked longer I felt her rock harder, her body slowly building toward climax again. Her tight pussy and the angle of entry was causing another climax to slowly build in me as well. I had to have been fucking her for almost five minutes when I heard Sue come again, followed moments later by my own wife, her low groan of pleasure distinctive. The thought of her laying on the table, getting fucked from behind, as I'd done only a few times, seemed to be turning me on even more, my mind painting the image of me pounding into her rather than some stranger I hadn't even seen. The young woman in front of me started to climax and was soon gushing her juices around my cock, leaking around and down my legs and dripping from my balls as she shuddered and trembled, her pussy squeezing and spasming around my shaft. 

"Oh god yes," she moaned softly, pulling herself tightly against me. "Do you wanna come again? Are you ready?"

"Yes," I whispered back, fully ready to fill the next pussy I was put into. She pushed me back and then led me back to the table a few moments later, aiming my cock with her hand. I felt my head slip between a pair of pussy lips and drive slowly into a very wet pussy. She pressed herself against my arm and whispered, "Fill her up stud!"

I reached out and felt a pair of hips and then started pumping in and out of the pussy. My thighs quickly started slapping against her ass. I could feel her rocking her hips, changing the angle of my shaft with each plunge, clearly trying to make me come. Her body rocked and bucked under me as I worked to push her climax along, feeling her body tremble, more like the renewal of a climax than a fresh one. I wondered how much playing they were doing downstairs before coming up to us. In and out I pumped, waiting for the woman in front of me to climax. I could tell it was building in her as she pushed herself back against me, coaxing me wordlessly to pound her harder. In and out I plunged, my thighs slapping loudly with each stroke. 

I slid my hands up the body in front of me and wormed them under her body, coaxing her to lift herself up enough to allow me to cup both tits. I held her tits as I pounded into her, feeling my orgasm begin to grow more urgent. I felt the head of my cock pounding into her with each stroke, smashing into her cervix. I could hear little gasps and moans as I inched closer. Suddenly it all washed over me. My body spasmed and jammed my cock deep into her and I felt a surge of cum lance into her pussy. I stood behind her, my hips pressed to her ass as I shuddered and jerked. I felt my climax fading, my dick shrinking in the pussy in front of me. 

The light was almost blinding as the blinders were taken off. I clamped my eyes shut and slowly tweaked them open just the slightest amount to start letting my eyes adjust. I saw Cyn standing across the table from us, still naked, holding a finger to her lips. I looked down and was shocked to see my wife bent over in front of me, her lower back and ass covered with the remnants of multiple loads of cum. I looked over and saw Jerry pounding wildly into his own wife, grunting quietly as he rhythmically slapped against her ass. 
