 It's been a while since Mia's been to a party like this. Not since her first year at university, and even then she didn't go out much. She'd like to say it's because she cares more about her grades than getting wasted, but that's just not true. Every time she went out it would always end the same way, and she was developing a certain reputation that would not help her future career as a lawyer at all.

She couldn't resist tonight, though. It's been a long week, and Mia just wants to have a few drinks and relax. She dresses up for the occasion: a tight crop top straining across her full tits, a skirt that barely covers her ass, and what her best friend lovingly calls her stripper heels, a pair of Barbie-pink platform heels that add a good eight inches to her petite frame make her feel like the sexiest woman in the room.

She arrives at the party a little after ten, right when things are picking up. Drink in hand, she swans through the house, knowing that she's being watched by every man attracted to women in the place. People are dancing in the living room, and once she's finished her drink, she decides to join them.

She feels the bass from the music vibrate through her as she dances, swaying her hips and tossing her hair. She can practically feel the eyes on her, watching her, taking in her long legs, her round ass, her bouncing tits. She loves it - she knows she looks good and she loves the attention.

Someone presses against her back, a hand landing on her bare waist, and she turns her head to smile at the man. He smiles back, moving in time with her. God, he's handsome, a strong jawline with a rugged beard and dark eyes like melted chocolate. He's built well, too, with broad shoulders, sleeves tight around his biceps. Mia wouldn't mind going home with him tonight. She presses her ass back subtly, until it brushes against the front of his jeans, and his hand tightens almost imperceptibly on her waist.

Another man approaches her from the front, this one clean cut, blond hair and blue eyes, but just as good-looking as the man she's already dancing with. Mia expects he'll back off if he thinks she's already taken, but he barely reacts to the existence of the guy behind her. Basking in the attention, Mia smiles up at him, and puts her arms over his shoulders as she dances.

Mia is having the time of her life, sandwiched between two extremely attractive men on the dancefloor. She leans her head back against the chest of the man behind her and licks her lips, rolling her hips back against his crotch and then forward against the thigh the man in front of her has somehow got between her legs.

She's barely dancing anymore, really. She's moving in time with the music, but that's about it - she's more preoccupied with the heat that's blooming in her belly, how wet she's getting between her thighs. Her panties must be soaked. She grinds against both her dance partners, mouth falling open as she gasps. The guy behind her is hard, she can feel it through his jeans against her ass, and she rubs against him, biting her lip to hold back a moan.

Eventually she can't take it anymore, and she grabs both of their hands. "You're coming with me," she says, "both of you." 

She leads them off the dancefloor and upstairs to the bathroom. It's thankfully unoccupied, so she drags them into the bathroom, closing the door behind them. She shoves the blond one to sit on the closed toilet seat and goes to her knees, already unbuttoning her jeans.

"Oh fuck," the blond says. "I heard you were easy, but I didn't know you were this easy."

Mia ignores him in favour of pulling his dick out of his pants. It's decent-sized, not too long but mouth-wateringly thick. She leans in to lick at the tip of it, and the bitter salt taste of it goes straight to her head, knocking all other thoughts into oblivion. All she cares about right now is getting that cock in her mouth.

She wraps one hand around the base of his cock and sucks the head into her mouth. He sighs, and rests one hand on the back of her head as she slides her mouth slowly down his shaft. His dick fills her mouth wonderfully, the feeling of it heavy on her tongue. She loves sucking dick, can't get enough of the taste or the feeling of it. She slides down until the tip of his cock is at the back of her throat and she starts to gag, but presses through it until - yes! - his cock slides past the resistance and down her throat.

"Oh shit," he says, and his fingers tighten in her hair. She swallows around him, then pulls back to suck him, head bobbing between his legs.

She's almost forgotten about the other man until she feels a finger tracing the outline of her pussy through her soaked panties. She moans around the cock in her mouth, hips jerking. "Fuck," he says, not to Mia but to the guy she's blowing, "she's so wet, man, she loves it."

Mia moans in agreement as the man's finger finds her clit through the fabric and traces circles around it. She spreads her legs wider, tilting her hips for easier access, and is rewarded when a finger rubs at her hole through her panties.

"Don't get distracted," the blond man tells her, and tugs her head down until he's sliding into her throat again. At the same time, the man behind her is pulling her panties to one side. She's expecting fingers, but instead the thick head of his cock presses against her for a moment before easily sliding inside. She moans loudly around the dick in her mouth, her eyes rolling back in her head as he fills her up.

"Shit," someone groans. There are hands on her ass, squeezing and pulling her cheeks, and when a hard slap lands against one of them her cunt clenches uncontrollably. 

The man in her mouth has both hands in her hair now, holding her head still as he thrusts into her mouth. She drools around him, his balls smacking against her chin with each thrust, loving the feeling of him in her throat as she's fucked from behind, loving having two cocks at once, loving how fucking slutty she feels.

Her orgasm sneaks up on her, an explosion of heat in her gut radiating out through her body. She convulses, her pussy clamping down as she cums, legs shaking. Distantly, she hears a door open, too caught up in her orgasm to care.

"Fuck dude, shut the door," someone says.

"God, look at her," someone else says. "I guess the rumours were true."

"Yeah, she's loving it. Aren't you? You love being fucked."

Mia pulls off the cock in her mouth with a slurp and nods frantically. "Yes, don't stop, I love it!"

"Fuck," someone groans. Hands pull at her hair and her mouth is filled with cock again, her head pushed down until her nose is pressed into his skin and her throat is filled up. He uses her hair to pull her up and down, fucking her throat faster now, making slick little noises every time he thrusts in. Her eyes are streaming, makeup smudging across her face as she struggles to breathe in between thrusts.

The cock in her pussy slams home again and again, each thrust sending it glancing off her g-spot. Hands are tight on her hips, pulling her back onto his dick - there'll probably be bruises there tomorrow, a delicious reminder of tonight.

"Ahhh, shit, shit -"

She's dragged off the cock in her mouth and she whines pathetically, not wanting to stop. But her whine turns into a moan as the guy grips his cock and starts to cum, thick strings of semen splashing across her cheek, her parted lips, into her open mouth. "Ohh, fuck yes," she pants, licking her lips clean.

"Fuck," someone says. Then, "Want a turn with her?"

"Are you kidding me? Of course I want a turn."

The man in front of her gets up, tucking himself back into his underwear and zipping his jeans.

"Hold up a second," the man behind her says. "You want to fuck her pussy? I'm almost done." He puts a hand on the back of her head, shoving her face against the lid of the toilet as he speeds up his thrusts, fucking her harder. She moans, legs shaking with it as he pounds into her.

"Yes," she gasps, "yes, fuck me, fuck me, cum in me, I want to feel it -"

The man grunts as he thrusts into her hard and cums, hips jerking as he empties himself inside her.

"Fuuuck yes," Mia moans. She shoves a hand between her legs to rub frantically at her clit, gasping. 

The man pulls out, leaving her feeling awfully empty. She can feel his cum slowly sliding from her cunt. Mia slides her fingers from her clit to her hole, pressing three inside herself at once.

The door swings open again.

"Oh, okay," says a female voice. "Mia's back at it, I see."

Mia gasps, curling her fingers to press against her g-spot. She knows whoever's at the door can see everything, her pussy fluttering around her fingers and the cum dripping from between them.

"Let me get in on that," the woman says. "I've been wanting to ride that mouth a long time."

"Get in here, then. Shut the door."

"Why? It's not like she cares. In fact, she'd probably prefer if we left the door open - wouldn't you, Mia?"

Mia looks over her shoulder at the woman in the doorway. She recognises her vaguely from a couple of her classes - short dyed hair, tattoos, a nose ring. "Yeah," she says breathlessly, "yeah, leave it open."

"Slut," the woman says. "You just can't get enough. Get on your back."

Mia does, lying on her back on the bathroom floor, her knees bent and legs apart, still touching herself.

"Well? Are you gonna fuck her or what?"

"Oh, shit, yeah." Mia gasps as another dick slides into her pussy. She watches as the woman unzips her jeans and pulls them off, then straddles Mia's chest and grips her hair in one hand.

"You want to taste this pussy?"

Mia nods, moaning breathlessly as she's fucked, and opens her mouth, sticking her tongue out.

"Of course you do." The woman lowers herself onto Mia's mouth. "Lick my clit, whore."

Mia does, sliding her tongue over her clit firmly, then down to dip inside her hole before dragging it back up to flick over her clit again.

"Yeah, like that. Suck it, come on."

Mia suckles at the woman's clit, laps at it desperately. She tastes so good, her smell invading all of Mia's senses, and she plunges her tongue inside her, desperate for more of it. The woman grinds down onto her face, covering it in slick, and Mia moans into her cunt.

"Come on, whore, make me cum. Suck on my clit - yeah, that's it, suck it -"

Mia arches up as the woman's pussy slides across the bottom half of her face. She sucks her clit into her mouth and flicks her tongue over it again and again. The woman's thighs tense around her head.

"Yeah that's it, that's it, I'm close, baby, I'm gonna cum all over your face -"

"Fuck!" a man's voice groans, and Mia feels the guy fucking her shove deep inside her and cum, shuddering, right as the woman grinds down onto her mouth and moans, her clit twitching, a fresh wave of slick soaking Mia's face.

"Oh, god," the woman says, breathlessly. She shuffles off of Mia to sit on the floor and catch her breath. "Okay, who's next?"

Mia realises there are several other people in the bathroom now, and more crowding the doorway. Most of them are men, but there are a few women, too. A lot of them are touching themselves slowly, watching her.

"Turn her over," someone says, and Mia lets herself be manhandled onto her hands and knees. Her legs are shaking. She wants to cum again.

"Please fuck me," she says, "please, I need it -"

She feels someone pulling her ass cheeks apart, and then a cool, slick finger is nudging at her tight hole. "Oh," she sighs, "oh, yes," as the finger presses slowly inside her ass. It slides in and out slowly, before another finger is added, her hole stretching slowly around the intrusion.

Someone grabs her hair and directs her mouth towards a cock. She opens her mouth immediately, taking it deep, sucking sloppily as her ass is fingered. A third finger slips inside her and a wave of pleasure washes over her as she moans.

"Get on with it," someone says, and oh, fuck - the fingers are pulled from her ass and replaced with something much bigger - the fat head of a cock slicked with lube presses against her tight hole and she can feel herself stretching painfully, but she wants it, she's ready -

The cock forces its way past her rim and then the rest of it is sliding into her all at once, long and thick and hard, and she shouts as her body clamps down around it and she cums again, finally. Pulse after pulse of pleasure shoots through her, every stroke of the cock in her ass prolonging it. God, she loves it, loves being fucked, loves being used.

"Fuck," someone moans, "she came again, just from that."

"You like it in the ass, slut?" someone else says, and Mia nods frantically, her mouth still full of dick. She loves it, loves being used like this, loves being stuffed full like it's all she's good for.

The cock in her ass feels amazing, thick and relentless as she's pounded into, rocking forward with every thrust. She can feel it deep in her gut, every stroke sparking hotly inside of her.

Fingers twist painfully in her hair, pulling her forward until her nose is pressed against skin and the cock in her mouth is forced down her throat. She swallows rapidly as cum spurts down her throat.

The dick in her mouth pulls out and she whines pathetically, chasing it as far as she can. "Cock hungry slut," someone growls.

"I am, I am," Mia pants, her voice wrecked. "I need it, I need dick -"

She moans as she's hauled back on her knees, the dick in her ass pushing impossibly deeper. "Ride it, whore," someone hisses in her ear, so she does, thighs working as she bounces on that cock.

"Oh fuck," Mia whimpers, "it's good, it's so fucking good!"

She feels it as the dick in her ass pulses and spills inside her, and she groans, clenching around it. It's not enough, though, it's never enough. She needs more, more, more -

The cock slips from her hole and she sobs, reaching back to shove three of her own fingers into her ass. She can feel the cum inside her, dripping out of her. She fucks herself like that, on her knees in front of everyone. The angle's all wrong, she can't get her fingers deep enough. "Fuck me," she begs, "fuck me, I need it, somebody fuck me-"

Her wish is granted as another cock thrusts all the way into her ass at once. "Fuck yes," she yells, "yes, yes!" 

Another guy comes to kneel in front of her, and he pushes her back further until she's fully sitting on the cock in her ass, shoves her knees up against her chest for better access to her dripping pussy. She knows where this is going and she's ecstatic. "Fuck me," she tells him, "come on, stick it in me -"

She screams again as he pushes into her cunt. She's so perfectly full, cocks in her ass and her pussy, and she never wants it to end. It feels so good, being stuffed and used like this. It's what she's meant for, she's certain of it: meant to be on her knees, meant to be filled like this always.

"I'm gonna cum again," she moans, reaching down to rub at her clit, "I'm gonna cum again!" And she does, twitching and gasping as she's fucked in both holes, clenching around the cocks inside her. "Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck, it's good, it's so good, I'm cumming -!"

She loses track of time. She loses track of how many dicks she takes. She loses track of how many times she cums. Eventually, she comes back to herself, alone in the bathroom as the sun rises outside. She's on the floor, legs splayed wide, cum dripping from her holes and covering her tits. 

She gets shakily to her feet. She's still wearing her heels, but that's it. The rest of her clothes are scattered on the floor. She looks at herself in the mirror over the sink - her makeup smudged, dried cum spattered across her face and matting her hair.

"Oops," she tells herself.