 Curling up in your bed sheets, I listen to the sounds of the party wind down.  Through it all I can hear your laughter and voice, imagining the excitement I hear in it is due to my arrival.  Eventually, I drift off to sleep.

I wake in the dark to new sounds.  The bed shaking, being jolted really in a slowly building pace and strength.  My eyes rapidly adjusting to the dim light, I make out soft moans and grunts, bits of conversation.  The sound of fucking.  

Drawn to the source of the sound, I see you at the foot of the bed.  Hands on the footboard, bracing.  Behind you, I make out another form.  Ralph?  Both of you are looking at me.

"Ummmmm   This is so hot..."

"Do you want to fuck her?"

"She's awake..."

"Yes, she is.  And she sees us now.  Sees you fucking me."

I can't take my eyes off you.  Your sex becomes louder now, no longer being conducted in stealth. 

"She's young..."

"Yes, she is.  In her twenties.  Loves to fuck too."

"EErrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr"

The rhythmic slap of flesh on flesh rises.

"Are you...?"

"Yessssssssssss"

"Remember what I told you!"

"I do..."

There is a sudden rush as he moves from behind you.  Coming around the bed, I can make out the shape of his cock in his hand as he rounds the bed.  Thick and clutched in his fist.  A shaft of moon light catches him just as he stands next to me as I can see it.  Red, wet, throbbing.  

The first rope of his cum shoots out and hits me square across the face.  A raised line from right cheek, across my lips and down my chin.  The trailing end falling on my neck and left breast.  Another follows and, knowing you are looking...expecting..., I open my mouth for it.  It is another long strand and the salty goo fills my mouth.  A third spurt, weaker lands on my breasts.  His hand is pumping the last out, smaller, thinner spurts.  Some reaches me, some only finds the bed.

I feel your hand from the far side of the bed.  Pushing my head forward.  His cock nearing, then inside my mouth.

"Suck him.  I want him hard again."

I close my eyes and comply.

Your hand grips my hair, holding me in place.  My hands flat on the bed, body twisted at the waist, torso bent forward awkwardly towards him.  

His cock fills my mouth and I use my tongue inside my mouth to feel it.  Swallowing a mouthful of cum while I start to suck on him.  Strangely, this gives me a flash of pleasure knowing that I am sharing with you in a way.  Swallowing his cum as you have done before.

Half hard, my lips stretched move along his length.  Slightly sticky with your juice and the cum that was in my mouth.  Soon I will have him clean and I work at it diligently, helped by your hand as it pulls my face around, back and forth.  

I feel him hardening and I let his cock out of my mouth so I can lick along the entire shaft.  My goal also to find your wetness on him that I'm unable to reach otherwise.  The wetness that has matted his hair at the base of his cock and deposited on his balls.  

He has other ideas, or was it your's?  He takes hold of his cock and uses it to smear the cum on my face, painting me with it.  I feel your weight on the bed behind me, then your second hand on my chin.  Pulling open my jaw so his cock passes into my mouth as he spreads his cum.  

Your body pressing against my back now.  I feel your breath as your face is close for a good look.  A soft breast against my side.  Firm nipple offering encouragement in its center.

Using my tongue, sticking it out and licking greedily at his cock each time it comes near.  Tasting the cum which clings to his shaft, the rest starting to dry.  My face and his cock becoming increasingly sticky as a result.  The combined tackiness pulling at my flesh each time he drags it across my cheeks and chin.  

Back to complete hardness, I look up at him.  Still unable to make his features out but trying in the darkness of the room.  Your hands holding my head, he takes to pushing his cock back into my mouth.  Face fucking me.  I suck at his as he does but each push is a little deeper and I sense he wants to bury it all in me.  

"That's my bitch... show him what a good cocksucker you are.   Look how hard you got him so quickly."

Your words hot in my ear.  Making me crazy with lust, I suck him harder.  Opening my throat as best I can in this position.

With a pop, he pulls back and out.  His wet length flush along my face, shifting so his hairy sac is at my mouth.  My tongue darts out, measuring and weighting them.  Rewarded with another taste of you along his his musk and sweat.

You move as well, rising up.  I'm sandwiched between the two of you.  Locked, as you kiss.  His cock throbbing on my face.

Minutes pass with me in this new position.  Unable to move, I limited to giving his balls little kisses and licks.  Listening to your passion as your embrace continues.

With a yank, my hair clenched in your hair, I fall back on the bed as your bodies move back.

"He better be clean!"  Your speech sizzling my ear as I watch you lean over me, taking his cock into your mouth.  I watch intently, seeing his full length disappearing in your mouth.  He grunts approvingly as you deep throat him again and again.  Your heavy breasts swinging above me, I reach up caressing them before raising my head to suckle at you.

A finger at my pussy, exploring, pushing inside.  I let out a moan as it works my hot wet depths.  My hips moving, needing and wanting it.  Added pressure as a second hand joins the first.  Thicker fingers, one forcefully entering alongside yours.  My feet now flat on the bed, lifting my hips up.  Fingers sliding in and out of me.  Sometimes together, sometimes alternatively.  Both soaked with my juice which is flowing heavily, running out and down to my ass.

Bodies moving again.  My hair still wrapped in your hand, I'm pulled to meet your wishes.  Both of us laying on the bed next to each other.  My face as your hip, I watch again as he moves between your legs.  Your free hand guiding him into you.   He sinks in one long motion, filling you before starting to fuck you.  

I smell and watch your sex.  He is driving deep and fast, excitement evident.  You lift your legs up so I can see better.  Transfixed by the sight.  His cock exiting wet and slick and oh so hard.  

After several minutes your hand jerks my head to the bed.  He pulls out and turns so that he is extended over your leg.  Wavering in the air.  Red, wet, shiny.  I start to move before your hand pulls me.  Taking him in my mouth.  Sucking him.  With a groan of lust, tasting your fresh juice as he fucks my mouth.  

After I have long enough to clean him, he moves back to you.  Fucking you even faster and harder, before pulling back out and allowing me to repeat my cleansing.  We repeat this several times.  His need to reach orgasm muted now, having already cum recently.

He's fucking you for your pleasure now.  Nearing it, your hand releases me and I'm free to move and help in other ways.  

He's pulled your legs up to your chest, holding them under his arms as he pounds you.  Your face clear, I move up and kiss you.  Thanking you.  Our kiss long and deep.  Holding and caressing your face as I kiss you.

"Show... him.... what.... a good.... bitch you are..."

I move down again, going behind the two of you.  Sliding under, my tongue greets his cock as it exits your hot pussy.  Licking at it and his balls.  Then as where it joins with you.   Sucking, licking.  My finger finds your tight rosebud.  Its slick with your wetness and moves easily over it.

I move again, directly behind him now.  Both hands spreading his ass, trying not to impede his movements in you.  My tongue finds his ass and I lick him.  Showing him just how good of a bitch I am for you.  Probing him.

"She's... her...tongue...  my ass....!"

And I hear you gasp and know that has pushed you over, which combined with my tongue in his ass, pushes him to orgasm as well.  Your final moments together, hard and violent.

He falls back and rolls to the side.

You lay panting before me.  Your wet pussy, open and leaking.

"Now clean me.."