 This is becoming a long story, and it's proving really fun to write. Stay tuned for the updates!

***

"Consider it interactive art!" Vianne had said with a wry grin. 

Jane remembered laughing nervously. Interactive was right. 

She'd arrived two hours early, as requested. The place was beautiful - airy and luxuriously appointed. The effect of the villa was to make one feel as though one was outside even when inside it - though she was told the party itself would, in fact, be outdoors in the courtyard. Upon her arrival she was led to the room set aside from her by a rather brusque and short tempered man holding a clipboard. If he knew why she was there, he didn't make a big deal out of it; instead he directed her as efficiently as he would direct the catering staff to the kitchen. 

"There's a team inside to prep you," he said, opening the door they'd just arrived in front of and promptly scurrying away. 

When Jane peeked inside, what she saw made her feel like a royal, or a bride getting prepared for her wedding. There was an older, heavy woman with short purple hair laying out a makeup kit, a thin young man with elegantly manicured nails and a bright lip color fussing with what looked like a roll of chiffon in a bag, a pretty blond woman about her age drawing a bath in a claw foot tub in the center of the room, next to which stood a table with shaving materials and body oil. None of these people looked up when the door opened. 

"Hello," she asserted, faintly. She'd hoped to get their attention with a confident greeting but her voice was no more than a squeak. 

All three looked up, but only the blonde woman stopped what she was doing. She smiled warmly, sweeping forwards.

"You must be Jane!" Before Jane could nod in response, her bag was removed from her hands, her cardigan removed from her shoulders. The blond woman was a flurry of motion. "I'm Max, Vianne's partner - and this is Jason" the thin boy waved, distractedly "and Kay" the purple haired woman gave a half smile "who are here to help you get ready. We're so excited to have you."

"Where's Vianne?" Jane asked, hoping she didn't sound too desperate. 

Max smiled knowingly. "She'll be in to visit and check in with you before we take you out there, don't worry." The woman took a step back, her gaze shifting, becoming that of an artist assessing what work needed to be done - which was, after all, more or less the case. "Vianne said you aren't shy about your body." Jane nodded, and Max laughed. "I'd hope not! And you've already done the paperwork, so you know what you've signed on for tonight." Jane's mouth was starting to feel a little dry, but she nodded again. "Wonderful - then let's get you ready, shall we?"

The next hour went by in a blur. Jane was given a sponge bath while Jason cleaned and filed her fingers and toenails, ran a razor over her legs. Her hair was done, her makeup perfected; the look was distinctly fae, all curls, green leafy details, pearls, and shimmer. Almost too much fuss, she thought, as she knew she'd be wearing a mask for the party anyway. As Jane let herself be pampered, Max chattered on about Vianne, about the vineyard, about their art gallery, their relationship, all of which Jane mostly tuned out, too nervous to truly pay attention. This special treatment made her feel more like a bride than a whore.

Max instructed her to stand up. "Turn." Jane did. "Beautiful. Jane, sit down on the edge of the chaise - yes, like that. Here, we'll pile these pillows behind your back - can you lean back onto them? Good. Now open your legs. Kay, will you..?" 

Jane startled at the abruptness of the explicit instruction, but sat down as requested. Kay had shave oil and a razor in her hands, a disinterested expression on her face. With a deep breath, Jane spread her legs. If she'd be spending the rest of her evening this way, she supposed she'd start now.

Max, who'd been standing to her side, moved to face her. Jane was keenly aware that her cunt was bare and open to the view of these three strangers. Max smiled. "Just -beautiful-. Vianne will be so pleased when she sees what a gorgeous pink pussy you have. Your cunt lips are like the insides of a shell, aren't they, Kay?" The older woman, intent on her work oiling and shaving said cunt lips, only smirked. Jane wondered if Kay could tell the difference between the moisture from the shave oil and the moisture beginning to pool in her vaginal opening. 

Jane blushed at the thought. "Thanks." 

The sensation of being shaved was turning her on. There was something so different about being naked in front of strangers versus being turned on in front of strangers, andJane was used to what it felt like to stand in front of a room full of art students, but this... this was different. As a model she felt like a statue, almost, an art supply. Here, now, with her legs spread with her pussy being shaved by this strange woman, she felt exposed and objectified in a totally new way. When Kay finished and drew a cool cloth over her warm, now puffy pussy lips, Jane gasped. 

Max sat down on the edge of the chaise, her skirted thigh making contact with Jane's naked one. Jason stopped what he was doing, now watching with interest. The corners of his brightly painted lips curled into a smirk as he watched one of Max's perfectly manicured hands confidently wrap itself around Jane's thigh, red nails standing out against Jane's white flesh. Kay dried Jane's vulva, then firmly and confidently began massaging body oil into her freshly shaved inner thighs. Jane's breath caught at the feel of three hands suddenly directly on her skin. Her lips fell open when Kay's fingers spread the oil from her inner thighs right onto her cunt lips. 

"You know, Jane," Max said matter of factly. "They aren't planning on giving you a slow start tonight. Your purpose is to be a ready-to-use cock hole, a cum deposit. I'm not saying no one will play with that pretty pussy, but I wouldn't exactly count on foreplay." 

"Quite true, Maxine," came an amused voice from the doorway. "I seem to have perfect timing!" Jane looked up with a start. Vianne had stepped in unnoticed. She cut an impressive figure with her bright red bob and revealing black dress. Smiling her habitual cat like smile, she met Jane's eyes.

If Jane hadn't been wet before, her pussy was slick with arousal now. She'd had a crush on this woman since she'd laid eyes on her three years ago. Beside her, she saw Max grinning, felt the hand move further up her thigh. Kay's fingers still worked on her pussy lips, careful not to touch her clit or her opening. 

"Hi, Vianne - I..." Jane began, searching for something to say, but Vianne cut her off with a 'shh' and a laugh, coming around to the front of the scene to get a proper look. 

"Oooh, what a beautiful slut you are, Jane!" The redhead clapped her hands in almost childish delight. "The birthday boy will be so pleased. But what Max was saying is very true, love. You'va signed yourself over as a fuck hole tonight - I don't think most of the men attending will care how your pussy feels." 

Vianne's gaze was locked on Jane's extremely seriously. 

"Are you ready for this, pretty Jane?" 

The naked, spread girl swallowed hard, aware of the fingers on her pussy lips. She nodded.

Vianne smiled that tempting smile again. "Then let's give you a little warm up and make sure, shall we?"

Pinned by Vianne's persistent gaze, Jane whispered "Okay".

Vianne and Max shared a glitteringly amused look before Vianne said Kay's name softly. The older woman smiled, did not look at Jane's face, and leaned forward, wrapping her lips around Jane's clit. 

"You agreed that anyone may play your pussy provided they've gone through the appropriate screenings, remember?" Vianne murmured, sitting down on the arm of the chaise to watch, "Every single person. Anyone who wants to use you."

Jane gasped. The lips around her clit were soft and pillowy, pressing down just enough to create a little suction. She could feel her clit harden in the woman's mouth. 

"Isn't that what you agreed to, Jane?" A red-manicured hand - Max's - slid up Jane's torso to her breast, pinching one pink nipple between the thumb and forefinger. 

"Yes!" Jane squeaked. 

Yes. It's what she'd agreed to. It's what she'd agreed to, what she'd fantasized about - and now that she was here and it was happening she could hardly believe how aroused she was, on display like this, knowing that any hands, mouths, or cocks could toy with her that felt like it. It felt so intense just alone in the room with four people. She couldn't believe she was about to be displayed in front of over one hundred guests, almost all older men with ready cocks. 

Kay's tongue, which had been gently circling Jane's clit, now ventured further south to her entrance, penetrating it. It felt slick, strong, snake-like licking as deeply into her as a tongue could reasonably go. This woman had clearly eaten pussy before. Jane felt her vaginal walls clench. This first tiny penetration woke something in her, and she found herself pressing her crotch towards Kay's face eagerly, wanting more. It didn't matter that the woman had hardly spoken a word to her, that she wasn't attractive to Jane - not in the least. What mattered was Kay's tongue in Jane's cunt. 

Vianne threw back her head and laughed at this display. "A good little slut indeed!" she exclaimed, with a tweak of Jane's unattended nipple. Jane's only response was to moan. Her breasts were in the hands of two gorgeous women, one of whom she'd had a crush on since meeting months before, and her pussy was on fire, being lavished with attention by a skilled stranger. 

Jason, still smirking with his painted lips, moved closer to the scene. He tapped Kay on the shoulder, and wordlessly, she moved out of his way, wiping the pussy juice off her smug looking mouth with the back of her hand.

Jane met his eyes curiously. He was young - maybe 19, 20 - skinny, pretty, and quite femme. While she knew not to judge a book by it's cover, she was shocked that he wanted to be involved - he didn't exactly seem like someone who would be all that interested in pussy. 

But, well - he certainly seemed interested as he approached her, looking pleased and amused. Almost clinically, he placed the tip of his long, slim index finger and pressed it deep into Jane's hole. For the briefest of moments, Jane fantasized that she was to be the subject of some inexperienced exploration, but that sweet idea evaporated almost instantly. 

"Is she wet, Jason?" Vianne asked. 

"Mmhmm," he said, withdrawing his index finger and sucking it into his mouth. "Slick, slippery. Hot."

"Sounds like she's ready, don't you think?" He nodded. "Go ahead, then. Show her what she's for." 

Without hesitation, Jason unbuttoned his pants and unzipped his fly. The cock he pulled out was already hard. It was also big. Jane's heart pounded as he knelt in front of her. For all their talk of warm up, Jane thought her pussy might get a little bit more of a work over with hands and mouths and toys before she took a cock - but that's not what this evening was about, apparently. She swallowed.

The boy slid his entire length into Jane's pussy with one firm thrust before proceeding to fuck himself into her rhythmically. Vianne and Max continued almost lazily toying with her nipples. 

"We didn't want you to get too spoiled, Jane," Max said, one hand reaching up to wrap itself around Jane's throat ever so gently as Jane's body bounced back and forth with the rhythm of the boy's fucking. "And anyway, Jason doesn't get the opportunity to fuck pussy very often, so we thought we'd offer him the chance." 

Jason was fucking her in the same clinical manner he'd fingered her. He was hard as a rock, but she may as well have been a piece of furniture for all that he was interacting with the rest of her. For some reason this made Jane's pussy even slicker. His bare skin inside her vaginal walls also felt new and amazing- the glide was different, warmer, a better texture. This entire experience was a series of firsts- one of those being that she'd never let anyone inside her pussy without a condom before. She'd been dying for it, dreaming about it, aching for it - and now she lay impaled on the cock of the first of many bare strangers who would spill their seed inside her that night. The thought alone made her want to cum explosively.

With impeccable timing, Vianne reached between Jane's legs, finding her clit and rubbing light, quick, wet circles around it. Jane's pussy muscles spasmed, and she moaned. "Oh - oh god - "

"Do you need to cum, slut?" Jane moaned again, more urgently. She didn't usually cum this quickly and she almost never came in front of other people at all, but the bare cock inside her, the fingers on her clit, and the sheer novelty of the situation were so stimulating she felt like she would burst. 

"Go ahead," Vianne cooed, still rubbing. "Cum, little whore." 

Jane didn't need permission. Wet, needy, and squealing, she spasmed all over the boy's thick cock, pulsing around his shaft and driving him over the edge of his own orgasm. While she finished writhing in pleasure, he emptied his cum into her as though he were using a toilet. Once done, he withdrew his softening member and slapped it once playfully on her dripping lips before stuffing it back in his pants.

"Very good cunt," he said in the same tone one might say 'very good steak', and with a similarly satisfied smirk. "Thanks for letting me use it, Vianne." 

Jane's eyes were wide, her pussy aching in arousal at the transactionality of that sexual exchange, the objectifying words. 

It was going to be a very good night. 

*...stay tuned for pt. 2*