 Dave was driving to Chichester to see the Goodwood Festival of Speed, he was on a short visit from New Zealand having finally sorting out his divorce.

He pulled up to the entrance of the Chichester Park Hotel and quickly checked in to his room and settled in, flopping on to the bed he had a little doze after his long journey. Feeling refreshed he took a walk into town and down to the Harbour gazing at the vessels moored up on the quayside and then went into The Ship Inn for a meal and drink before walking back to the hotel. Arriving at the Hotel he noticed several couples dining, but a couple of gorgeous ladies who were laughing and chatting away to each other attracted his attention. He surreptitiously studied them estimating they were in their mid forties, and very attractive, one was dressed in a bright summer dress, the other in a smart business suit. Sitting at the bar with a pint of Broadsword Bitter in his hand he was able to look at them through the mirror behind the bar studying them further. 

The woman in the summer dress had beautiful blond shoulder length hair, a slim body with small breasts a very glamorous feminine lady, her makeup gave her a very natural appearance totally different to the other lady. The business woman's hair style was very modern, her blouse opened to show a very respectable but an enticing amount of cleavage and delicately manicured finger nails. Looking under the table it was difficult to see far enough up her skirt to determine whether stockings or tights graced her long legs with black stiletto shoes. Long black eyelashes, ruby red lips and perfect skin, definitely a very professional, classy sexy lady just oozing with sex appeal.

The next day he spent at the Goodwood Festival of Speed and had a very enjoyable day admiring all the superb cars and activities. Returning to the Hotel he decided to go for a relaxing swim in the pool. Two couples that obviously knew each other were already in there swimming and discussing what they were going to do that evening. Just as they got out of the pool one of the ladies Dave espied in the Restaurant last night turned up at the pool.

" It's lovely once you get in," he said.

" I have been looking forward to this all afternoon," she replied.

He noticed that she was a very stunning blond, bright blue eyes, with her hair now tied up in a pony tail, the bikini she wore showed off her slim beautiful body to the full, firm breasts, smooth hips and long shapely legs. The thoughts that raced through his mind were rather carnal, lustful and obscene, he imagined those luscious lips on his cock sucking him till he came in her mouth. As her sensuous body glided into the water Dave imagined her walking towards him, grabbing hold of his ears and pulling his head tightly against her smooth pussy so that his mouth was clamped to her pussy. He found it difficult to keep eye contact with her as they greeted each another. 

Feminine intuition told Jane that the man who greeted her was admiring her body and was highly sexually attracted to her. 

During the small talk he found out that her name was Jane and that she had spent most of the day shopping and had spent nearly £750, in her words on some very feminine lingerie at Prima Donna. After a while Dave got out of the pool and lay out on one of the sun loungers on the patio to sunbathe. He asked Jane if she would like an ice cream to which she replied "yes please, I will get out of the pool and join you on one of the sun loungers." 

He admired her adorable sexy body as she exited the swimming pool. He found out that Jane had been persuaded by her friend Monica to join her for 3 days while Monica attended the Goodwood Festival of Speed on business.

It transpired that Jane's husband Rick had died just over a year ago and it has taken all this time to sort out the business, the estate and downsize to a smaller property. Rick's company had arranged hospitality events for the Motor Industry, which required a very large house, swimming pool, Jacuzzi, Hot Tub and staff to run it. Since Rick died, the company was sold and with all that gone, Monica said it was time that Jane relaxed and thought about what she wanted to do for herself. 

Finishing her ice cream Jane commenced to apply Sun Lotion to her smooth body, arms and legs, as she laid down to sunbathe. Dave noticed how firm her small breasts were as she lay on her back, the bikini did not leave much to the imagination, her Mons Venus outline clearly visible with a hint of camel toe. 

Deciding that she has spent enough time sunbathing on her back she turned over on to her front. Being the gentleman that he is Dave asked if she would like him to apply some sun lotion on her back, to which she replied in the affirmative. Starting to massage at the base of her neck, slowly and gently moving his hands to her shoulders and down the back of her arms, He could feel how tense her muscles were as he massaged the tops of her arms, down to her hands and fingers. He asked permission to undo her bikini top, "OH Yes!" She replied.

Commencing between her shoulder blades, Dave slowly massaged in gentle circular movements down her spine to her lower back, Jane released a very quiet sigh of relief. He then placed his fingers on the side of her body just under the armpits moving his hands in small circular movements down the outside of her body down to the top of her bikini bottom. He then repeated the process twice more before moving to the top of her thighs, down her calves and on to her feet curling up her toes in his hands to release the tension in them.

"That is wonderful, " cried Jane, "it is so relaxing."

Repeating the same routine on the other leg, he then recommenced massaging on the inside of the legs and thighs and noticed that when he got close to her pussy she curled her toes and ever so slightly, tensed the muscles of the cheeks of her bum. Not wishing to cause embarrassment to her he returned to give a general massage to her back.

"Have you finished?" She enquired, to which he replied "I would be happy to go to your room and continue to give you a more thorough massage when you have finished sunbathing." 

Jane said "OK that would be nice, I will knock on your door as I pass when I return to my room."

Suddenly realising that he required massage oil, Dave made his excuses and returned to his room leaving Jane to sunbathe. Quickly getting showered and dressed he went into town to "The Glorious Spa Company," where he purchased some of their "Love me Tender," massage oil.

On his return from shopping, he met Jane on her way back to her room who said "just give me ten minutes to have a shower and get dressed and then come upstairs to my room." "OK, see you in ten minutes." He replied

Going to his room Dave placed the massage oil on the windowsill in the sun so that it would be nice and warm when it was applied. Opening up his laptop he searched the internet for advice on how to give a sensual massage, it's amazing what you can find on the internet these days.

Allowing a generous ten minutes to pass before he knocked on the door of Jane's room, he was greeted with "just a minute, won't be long." 

Jane opened the door in a very sexy pink satin robe trimmed with black lace." Well, don't just stand there, come on in," she said smiling. For a second Dave stood there with his mouth open, admiring the stunning female body before him. Entering the room "WOW you look absolutely gorgeous," he replied feeling a stirring in his loins. Dave walked towards Jane and gave her a kiss on her cheek, the response was more than he hoped for. Jane placed her hands on the back of Dave's head and drew him towards her and kissed him on the lips. Soon they were kissing like long lost lovers, pushing their tongues into each other's mouths, their hands caressing each other's back, by this time Dave had a huge erection. Jane then reminded Dave that he was there to give her a massage.

"I suppose you want me to remove this robe and lay down on the bed, is that correct?" Jane asked,

"yes please," Dave replied trying to appear cool and calm 

"Do you also like my choice of lingerie that I purchased this morning, it's Prima Donna First Lady?" 

Dave replied "You look like one of the models that tread the Catwalk of a fashion house." 

"Thanks, wearing this I must admit I feel more like a teenager that a 40+ year old woman."

Removing the Duvet and placing a towel on top of the sheet he asked her to lay down on the bed, face down . As she lay on the bed he placed a rolled up towel under her hips, and covered the lower half of her body suggesting that she removed her bra to prevent it getting oil on it. Helping her to remove the bra and place it on a chair he was able to see the side her small firm breasts.

Admiring her smooth skin, Dave poured some warm oil on his hands, stroking her entire back with both hands flat in parallel circular movements from the waist up to the shoulders to spread the pre-warmed massage oil all over her body. He started to massage from the base of the spine, up the spine to the base of her neck. The shoulder and neck muscles were gently kneaded between the fingers and thumbs with the hands in a "v" formation. The neck muscles were kneaded between the thumbs and fingers from the bottom to the nape of the neck. With the flat of his hands he slowly and smoothly stroked from the hairline to the top of the shoulders slightly stretching the neck muscles.

"OOH That feels so relaxing," said Jane.

Dave remarked "You have such lovely smooth skin," continuing on to glide the palms in parallel circling movements on the entire back, working from the bottom to the top and from the spine outwards and back again.

"I think we ought to remove your thong now, we don't want to get massage oil on it your do we?" He stated.

"OK then," she replied, lifting up her hips to allow him to remove the skimpy thong.

When the Prima Donna First Lady Thong was removed Dave noticed a very small damp patch on the gusset which had a slight "lady" odour, he placed it on the chair with the bra and returned to the task in hand. 

Placing a towel on her shoulders to keep them warm, he exposed her lower back to work on her buttocks and pelvis. His used cat stroking movements with alternate hands over the pelvis and buttock region starting at the lower hip and slowly worked upwards and inwards towards the middle of the back until the base of the spine was reached.

By this time Jane was really relaxed and enjoying the massage. Dave poured a little warm oil in the crease of her buttocks and watched it disappear down the crevice between her bum cheeks, and proceeded to knead first one cheek and then the other, alternatively separating and closing the cheeks of her bum as he massaged her hips, this exposed her anus to view producing a gentle waft of her "lady" odour rising up from her pussy to his nostrils. 

A quiet sound of pleasure escaped Jane's lips "oooh aaah."

Dave then progressed on to the back of the left thigh with a gentle downward stroking motion, down to her calves and feet, finally curling her toes into the palm of his hand with his fingers. He proceeded to repeat the action on the right leg and toes before massaging the inside of the leg and thigh with an upward stroking motion. He stopped within a short distance of Jane's exposed pussy, causing her to slightly tense her bum muscles. Dave then repeated the same routine on the other leg and thigh. 

Jane was hoping that Dave would continue until he reached her pussy as it had become very moist, she even lifted her bum and opened her legs slightly to encourage him. Dave concentrated the massage on the inside of her thighs deliberately teasing Jane's pussy even more. Dave poured some more warm oil down the crease of her bum, this ran either side of her swollen vulva. His index fingers travelled down the outer labia, into the groin and on to the clitoral bud which was briefly stroked resulting Jane lifting her bum off the bed in response to his action.

"OH OOOOOOO AAAHHHHH Yes Yes! " Moaned Jane.

Dave's fingers parted the labia lips on the way up towards her love canal, dipping into the juices flowing out and then moving down to play with her little bud of joy again. Spreading his fingers between the outer and inner labia lips, Dave slowly ran his fingers up and down from the perineum to the clitoral pearl and back again. To obtain maximum sensation, Jane rocked her hips up and down in unison with Dave to increase the erotic sensations. Dave continued to slide his fingers up and down the vagina which was oozing with the nectar of love. 

"MMMMMMMMM that is lovely," moaned Jane as Dave inserted two fingers inside her pussy searching for her G spot.

Jane could feel that she was approaching an orgasm when Dave removed his fingers, stroked her clitoral hood, ran his fingers up the crease of her bum before giving her a gentle slap on her bum and asked her to turn over on to her back. 

Bursting with sexual energy, Jane thought you bastard, I was so close to a lovely orgasm. 

Laying on her back, Jane's sylphlike naked body was now fully exposed, her small areola's and erect nipples crying out for attention. While she was getting settled Dave removed his shirt and trousers ready for action. Dave massaged the front of her shoulders and then the top of the chest area, around the outside of both breasts, lifting them up and pushing them together in the centre of her chest. She lay there with her eyes closed, dreaming, waiting for Dave to ravish her. Both nipples were so erect, Dave squeezed the left nipple, his tongue played with the right nipple causing a loud "OOOOH," to escape from Jane's lips. 

Her pulse rate increased, her breasts rising and falling as she took deep breaths. He then suckled her breast flicking her nipple with his tongue. His right hand slowly gliding over her body on the way down to cover her pubic mound with the palm of his hand. Dave sucked hard on Jane's breast while palming her mons with a firm pressure. Jane rotated her hips to allow the maximum sensation to coincide with the pressure applied by his hand. He slowly kissed and licked his way down her body, pausing at the navel before kissing her thigh, up to the groin and on to the outer lips of her vagina. Kissing all the way down, round the puffy outer lips, tasting the flowing nectar from her pussy, teasing her, making her wait for the inevitable orgasm. 

The flat of Dave's tongue licked all of the way from the bottom to the top of her wet slit, finally engulfing and sucking the swollen bud with his mouth, inserting first one, then two fingers into her vagina. Jane opened her legs wide to enable full access to the most intimate part of her body as she released more moans of pleasure. Dave continued to lap her pussy juices, curling his fingers inside her, searching for her G spot. Jane placed her hands on the back of his head, holding his head in position so he could not move until after she had her first orgasm. 

"I am cumming..., I'm cumming I'm cumming, don't you dare stop now you bastard, don't stop, Yes Yes YES OOOOH!" She shouted, as she thrust her hips up towards his face. Her body shook going into many spasms as her orgasm completely over took her, she arched her back, her hands locking his face on to her pussy. Finally exhausted she collapsed on the bed, 

Dave slowly withdrew his fingers from Jane's pussy and opened her pussy lips wide placing his tongue on her exposed pussy. He then slowly and gently licked her inner labia several times before inserting his tongue into the entrance of her vagina, the pussy muscles sucking his tongue deeper into her love canal. He could feel her pussy pulsing, still pulsing after her orgasm, her pussy muscles gripping his tongue inside her vagina. 

Dave slurped all her love honey prior to drawing her sensitive clitoris into his mouth, sucking, playing with her little diamond with his tongue, lapping it like a cat lapping milk, sucking it, playing with it with his tongue. Inserting two fingers into her to search for her G spot so he could bring another orgasm to this gorgeous female laying naked on the bed. Reaching up, his hands were able to caress her perfectly formed breasts, nipping the nipples with a milking action, lifting and stretching them as much as possible. 

Jane cried out, "OH Hell OOOOHHH I'M CUMMING AGAIN YOU BASTARD!" Writhing on the bed in ecstasy, grabbing hold of Dave's head in a vice like grip until the orgasmic spasms subsided, eventually collapsing exhausted on the bed.

"OOOOH OOOOH AAAAAH, " she moaned.

Dave removed his face and fingers from her pussy, gave it kiss and proceeded to spread her love honey around the entrance of her love canal with the end of his cock before tenderly guiding his hard throbbing cock into the entrance of Jane's wet vagina as she lay exhausted. His cock was slowly and gently pushed into the entrance of her slit, opening it up to accept his big throbbing cock, going in further, pulling out to the entrance and then reinserting it in even further, each time going deeper. Picking up speed his cock was thrust in and out of her pussy. Having recovered from her orgasm, she wrapped her legs round his body, drawing him in to her, rocking her pelvis backwards and forwards increasing the marvellous sensations for both of them. Much to her delight, Dave leant forwards taking one of those beautiful breasts in his mouth and gave it a good sucking. flicking the nipple with his tongue. The two bodies were in synchronism with each other, Dave pumping in and out, Jane rocking her pelvis backwards and forwards. By his actions and the tenseness of his body, she could sense that he was close to shooting his cum inside her. 

"Wait for me, I am so close to another orgasm," whispered Jane

"I'm Cumming!" Shouted Dave, and with that he pumped his sperm into her vagina, this caused Jane to have another intense orgasm, her pussy muscles, pulsing, milking Dave's cock of all his sperm.

Exhausted, they both lay down and cuddled each other, " it's been a long time since I had sex like that," said Dave, "me too, I could feel you filling me up with your seed ," said Jane stroking his head and giving him a passionate kiss. 

While they were cuddling and stroking each other, they confessed their sexual fantasies. Dave's fantasy was a threesome with two women, Jane's was to face sit on a submissive male or female and orgasm on his or her face making them lick all of her pussy juice from her cunt.

They lay in each other's arms for a while when Jane's suddenly realised that Monica would soon be back, so decided that they ought to get up and get showered and dressed for dinner. She had just finished getting dressed when Monica returned from her days business at the Goodwood Festival of Speed.

"How was your day Monica?" asked Jane.

"Hectic, managed to get a good contract, but will have to return tomorrow morning for final signatures on paperwork," she replied.

"How was yours?" asked Monica.

Showing off the lingerie she'd purchased "I did a bit of shopping, then had a swim and chat with a guy called Dave." 

"OOOH I see you bought some "Love me Tender massage oil," said Monica.

"That belongs to Dave, will explain later," said Jane blushing. 

Still nattering away, the ladies went down to the restaurant for dinner where Dave was at the bar having a pint of Broadsword Bitter. Seeing Dave at the bar they joined him for a drink before dinner. 

"What would you ladies like to drink?" asked Dave. 

"French 75 please" said Monica.

"Is that an advance on soixante-neuf?" asked Dave.

"Dave trust you to think of sex, it's Gin, lemon juice, sugar and champagne, very refreshing," said Jane. 

Dave nearly coughed into his drink when Monica said to him "I believe you have been keeping Jane entertained while I have been working." 
