 My wife and I had been going through a bit of a rough spell lately. Karen and I were not having marriage issues, just issues in the bedroom. We needed to spice things up a little bit. I'm not blaming either one of us for these issues in bed; it was just that after a few years, things can get a little routine if you know what I mean. Luckily, we were both willing and able to talk about this, and work on ways that this could be resolved.

The other day we talked about fantasies, games we could play, and "different" things we had done previously. Naturally, the first fantasy-type thing I had thought of was having sex with two women at the same time. Come on, don't roll your eyes at me. What normal heterosexual guy has NOT had that thought? Karen wanted me to tell her what I was smiling about, so I told her what was on my mind.

She laughed, then said "Should have known you would say that, that is almost a given response by any man. Of course you know, that also means I get to have an extra guy to join us in bed. It's only fair, right?"

That stopped me right away. I didn't think her idea was nearly as cool as having a woman join us. Like she said, it was fair, just not at the top of my list of things to do.

The next thought to pop into my mind was kind of along the same lines, but not quite as involved. I blurted out "Maybe getting strippers for each other is an option. No sex, just dancing and stripping. Maybe some touching or rubbing."

Karen thought about that for a minute, then asked "So what are our boundaries? How far is too far?"

"I really don't know, babe. I've only thought about it for a minute, and I am not sure how far I would be comfortable going with this. What about you? What is your gut reaction?"

Smiling and staring a hole in the ceiling, she didn't answer right away. "Yes, I could see this happening."

Before I could respond, she moved her gaze from the ceiling straight into my eyes, she followed that up with "We should do it tonight. Right now! Call them already!"

It was tempting, but we had an office party to attend that night and needed to get ready to go because we had to be there in about an hour. Taking a quick shower, my mind was still on our chat from just minutes ago, but also realized that this party we were going to would be an easy way to test out our reaction to some ideas.

We pulled into the parking lot of what looked like a small castle, but was really the house of some top exec from my company. Karen held my arm as we walked towards the castle-house, pulling back slightly to slow us down. "So tell me again what this party is all about" she said. "I didn't really pay much attention when you told me before."

'It figures' I thought, 'damn selective hearing probably only caught the word 'party'' I continued out loud with "This is for a few people I kind of work with. They are from the San Diego office, and we almost never see them; at the most, one of them will talk to me or email me once every few months. But the management here wanted to make them feel special, so there are some people from every department showing up tonight. We just need to stay long enough for enough people to see me so they know I showed up, then we can bail. It's an unofficial company function - I'm sure it will be really stupid and we will be ready to leave in about an hour."

We got to the front door just as I finished, and we put on our happy faces as the door opened to us, with someone from the event staff stood in our way. 

"Good evening madam, sir. May I have your name please?"

"Good evening" I replied, "My name is Mark Samuels, and this is my wife Karen."

He put a check mark by my name on the guest list and stepped aside. Waving his arm in, he announced "Please come in, everyone is gathering in the library, just down the hall to your right."

We walked in, mouths gaping at the décor. The inside of the house looked just as impressive as the outside. "So this is where all the company profits go!" I whispered to Karen. "It looks nice, but what a waste of money!"

Hearing noises ahead led us to the library. Sure enough, many other people were waiting here, standing around making small talk. Everyone looked about as bored as I'm sure we looked. There were only a handful of people I recognized. Hopefully this wouldn't take long, this was going to be awkward.

To spare you from the details, most of the night was slow and boring. Dinner was excellent, and everyone was well-behaved. Well, almost everyone. The exceptions were a few people from the San Diego office, and a few local people that I didn't know. Having an open bar was nice, but it also allowed a few guests to get a bit carried away.

They weren't bad, they were just kind of loud. Karen and I sat next to a couple of that group, and kind of surprisingly, we were soon getting along quite well. Sam was from the other office, and he told me that he was quitting in three weeks, so he didn't care if anyone got mad at him. He just had neglected to tell the company about that whole "quitting" part.

Karen and I stayed with them for a while. We might as well since we had to be there anyway, so we may as well enjoy ourselves. We had not planned on drinking anything since we were going to be going so soon, but Sam's wife Kathy brought us a couple drinks and before we knew it, we had each had three or four drinks. As I realized that, it was obviously too late to drive, so now we had to stay until some alcohol burned out of our symptoms.

Our host, Mr. Bixby, came in and said "There are several of you that are in no shape to drive, so if you want, you can make yourselves comfortable in one of the rooms off this hallway, if not, I can arrange to have you driven home. I have some business to attend to, so please make yourselves at home, I shall be gone the rest of the evening." 

He said some other stuff about how happy he was with all the people in the company, etc, blah blah blah.

Most of the people got up to leave, and through an open door I saw several taxis and towncars to ferry people away. Just as I started to raise my arm to hail a cab, I had a thought. Catching Karen's eye, I waver her over to me. "We are going to spend the night here. We can have a few more drinks, and we can just go home in the morning without having to worry about driving drunk or coming back for our car in the morning." Smiling devilishly, I said in a lower voice "Besides, things could 'interesting' for us, if you know what I mean."

Karen's jaw dropped open a second later as she caught what I meant. She pulled her jaw off the floor and shrugged her shoulders, turning around and walking away. Briefly she paused to look over her shoulder at me, wearing an excited smirk I haven't seen in years.

Sam walked up beside me asking if we were staying. When I said we were, he paused for a minute then said "Look, this is kind of weird, but we were wondering of you wanted to play some cards with us. There are eight chairs here, but there are only three couples, not counting you. It think it would be nice if you and Karen could come in to even things out."

"Sure, why not?" I answered right away. I didn't even stop to think that neither of us were really any good at most card games.

As I seated Karen at the table, I realized that it wasn't that big of a deal – we were playing for toothpicks. Like I said, we aren't very good, so we were getting to the end of our toothpick collection when Kathy noticed. "Hey Mark, looks like you could use some help with your 'cash' situation there buddy." 

Nodding sheepishly, I said "Ya, I never really was very good at this. Most likely, I will be dropping out in a minute since I'm broke. Well, unless you want to give me another handful of toothpicks from your hand, you're kickin ass tonight."

She shook her head slowly. "Sorry honey, it doesn't work like that. These little pieces of wood actually have value, and you are going to want to have as many as you can get your hands on. Tell you what, we can have a little fun with this. Let's take a break and count up our winnings."

Sorting our sticks into piles of tens, I was the first one done, followed quickly by Karen, then another couple that had played as horribly as we had. As the others were still counting, Kathy said "I just thought of something. If you want more of this here pretend money, you have to sell something."

This was weird. "Wait, excuse me a second, what do you mean 'sell something'?" I asked.

Sam chimed in for her. "You will see in a minute. OK everyone, listen up! If you are short on toothpick money, or you just want more, please stand up over by that desk."

Karen and I looked at each other, confused but game for anything. In unspoken agreement, we both got up and walked over. The open bar had lost it's bartender, but the equipment was still around. I had a feeling more of this liquid party enhancer would come in handy, so I left Karen at the desk to make drinks for us both. Turning back after mixing them, I saw another couple was waiting with Karen at the desk. So, the four of us standing, and four of them sitting. 

Before I could ask what was coming next, Sam spoke up. "The four of us sitting here have a few thousand sticks, and the four of you standing want some of them. They aren't free. So what we will do now is auction them off. You will announce an item of clothing you wish to give up, and those of us sitting here will bid on them. It is completely up to you when you want to sit back down. Mark – you first please."

Still bug-eyed in shock, my jaw just kind of working itself silently, I had just processed what I had heard. "What the hell" I thought, "why not play along? I will probably never see these people again." Besides, the other woman at the desk was gorgeous, I wouldn't mind seeing a few pieces of her clothes go away. I know Karen and I were not Barbi and Ken, but we were still decent looking. I'm not sure where the game was going, if everyone was just touching with their sight, it could be good for all of us. Looking at Karen, we both shrugged a "sure, why not" type of look.

Stepping forward, I said "The first item up for bid is one left shoe, ladies and gentlemen. What do I hear for one left shoe. Do I hear 100? 100 anyone?"

Dead quiet.

"Ok, too high. For one left shoe, who will pay 20? 20 sticks for one shoe?"

Sam raised his hand. "Sure. 20 from me."

'Hey, this is easy' I thought. As I bent down to take my shoe off, I saw Sam stand up to drop a small pile of sticks at my place at the table and walk towards me.

"Hold on a second, there Mr. Mark. I won the auction, I get to do it" Sam said from beside me.

Standing up I just laughed it off. But as Sam knelt down in front of me and took my shoe off, then put it to the side of the desk, I realized that this could get weird later, depending on how far this went, and who was involved..

Sandra, the other girl at the desk was next, and she started her auction with her vest. Soon, there was quite a pile of clothes next to the desk. After selling off everything but my slacks and undershirt, I was ready to continue the game. All of us had made a few hundred sticks, and were not really comfortable going any further. At least we were all still modestly covered.

There had been some good natured kidding around during the auction, and I really didn't want to go play anymore. After losing for so long, it's not a ton of fun to keep playing. We made our way back to the card table. With a sigh, I picked up a few sticks and tossed them in the middle of the table.

"Hold on a second, don't ante up yet." Kathy said, clearly seeing the lack of excitement from us four. "You sexy auction peoples, it looks like you aren't having a lot of fun. Is this right?"

Marty (Sandra's husband) said "Not really, maybe we can play something else? My sticks will only last a few more hands with you card sharks." He paused while everyone got a good laugh, but looked a bit more serious. "Sandra and I really don't want to play naked, so maybe we should just call it good where we're at. I'm already shirt-less, I can't play much more and stay decent."

Karen spoke up too. "I am thinking the same thing too. Is there another game we can play? Maybe we can win our clothes back?"

Gerald (the other guy that was buying our clothes) said "Sure, I've got an idea. There's this game I played once at a party. It's can be really silly, all depends on the mood of the group. I'll tell you what – lets get you all of your clothes back, and we will split up the toothpicks again. Maybe 25 sticks per person?"

While we were getting dressed and counting toothpicks, he explained further while he rooted through the desk we were auctioning our clothes from. "This game can change somewhat, depending on the mood of the group, but here's the general way it works. You have to sit like we are now, alternating male and female. You can buy one index card with one toothpick. On this card, you will write down something only you can see, and it has to be either an order, a task, a punishment, or a rule. Then you take that card and put it face-down on the table, mixing it up with all the other cards so no one knows which one was just written. The punishment cards go in a stack off to the side."

He found a stack of 3x5 index cards in the desk, then put them all in the middle of the table, and dropped a handful of pens next to it. 

"And these items can be anything you want, but it must be something that is realistic. To play the game, we go around the table, and the next person picks a card and does whatever it says to do. If you don't do what the card says, you must draw from the penalty card stack or for one toothpick, but a verbal punishment from someone else at the table. If you don't obey either the punishment card or the purchased punishment, then everyone at the table decides your punishment. If you don't obey that one you are out of the game. If you run out of toothpicks, the only way to get more is to have someone buy a verbal punishment from you. And yes, you can buy a new index card and write a new item at any time. So those are the basic rules, and I'm sure we will go over them as we go along. Any changes to the game have to have a 100% vote on them. Any questions? No? OK, let's go. Marty, you start. But first, let's buy some cards and get to writing. How about 5 each to start with?"

I had all kinds of ideas, but I thought they were a bit too extreme to try on some people I had just met. Hell, some were too crazy for anyone besides me and my wife! Karen leaned over to me and smirked. She whispered "Remember our talk before we left home tonight? Well I do, and this could be fun."

With that in mind, I quickly scribbled down some stuff from each of the categories we were given. Tossing my cards on the table at the same time as Karen, we were the last ones done. Gerald's wife Lucy mixed up the cards while Gerald stacked and shuffled the penalty cards.

Marty made a show about picking the first card, but ended up picking the one closest to him. He read it aloud "Kiss both cheeks of the person to your right." 

The way we were sitting, the men were sitting to the right of their wives. Looking to his right, he found my wife. Karen looked at me. "Hey, the card said he had to do it honey." Leaning closer she whispered to me "Remember the rules, and we will ravage each other later."

Turning to her left, she smiled sweetly. "All yours, Mr. Marty. And we WILL assume your card mean the cheeks on my face."

As everyone laughed at her comment, Marty held her chin in his hand and turned her head slightly. He leaned forward and gently pressed his lips to one cheek then the other. It was just a quick peck on the cheeks, and nothing for me to be upset about, especially considering what I thought could happen later. 

Sandra was next, and she quickly picked hers. Her jaw dropped as she read. "Well. Um, I'm going to have to not obey this card. Bring on the punishment."

As she picked up the punishment card, Marty read the one she didn't follow. He laughed. "My wife apparently is not interested in standing in her underwear by the table until her next turn. So what's your punishment dear?"

She made a face. "Murphy's Law I guess. My punishment is to finish my drink. Too bad I just made this one."

She downed it in a few large swallows and made a nasty face. She stood up to make a new one as Gerald drew his first card. He stood up and walked over behind Karen's chair. She looked up at him curiously. He handed her his card and she smiled broadly. She tossed the card in the discard stack and said "Well get to it then." Turning to the rest of us she said "Gerald's card said he as to massage the shoulders of the person three spots to his right for two minutes. I'm going to like this."

As she smiled at her husband massaging another woman, Lucy drew her card and announced that she now had a rule. Shaking her head, she said "I don't know if this is going to suck or be awesome. It says that any numbers on any cards must be doubled. Yes, ALL numbers."

Not a bad rule – this could get dangerous fast!

Sam cleared his throat loudly. "About damn time it got all the way around to me. Let's see what this one says... Hmm. Well, an order. I have to make new drinks for everyone at the table. Well, be right back."

Kathy drew her card and her eyes got really big. She looked for her husband, and Sam was still at the bar doing his task. She put her hands in her lap and just sat silently, her bowed slightly.

We were all staring at her, and even I could tell that she had started breathing quickly. Even Sam noticed the instant silence. "Well what is it, babe?"

"I will tell you when you came back and sit down."

"No, that will take too long, I still have some drinks to make. Just read the card already!"

"Fine. It says that for one round, I need to sit on the lap of the person closest to me."

Sam just laughed. "So why are you sitting on your chair? I'm over here still working, so that makes Mark the lucky guy. Move it on over, babe. And remember that rule, you have to do two rounds."

Kathy got up, adjusting her clothes nervously. I moved my chair back to give her room, and she sat on my legs, halfway up my thigh. I thought it was kind of funny, and harmless enough. I think Kathy was just nervous about being so close to me know.

Finally my turn. A little nervous, I took the card right in front of me. This was an easy one. To the group, I read "You must kiss the person to your left for one minute." 

Turning to my wife, I said "See? I knew this was going to be easy! And double the number means I have to kiss you for two minutes. Oh no, poor me! And the card never said where..."

Pulling her head to meet mine, our lips met and eyes closed. I heard Sam come back to the table and I felt the vibration as he smacked her leg. He said "What the hell, Kathy, are you trying to kill the poor guy's knees by sitting on them? Scoot back already and do it right."

My heart jumped when I felt Kathy's weight leave my legs, only to be replaced by her ass landing on my crotch. As I lost myself in Karen's kiss, my hand grew a mind of it's own. Moving from the side of her head, I felt down her neck to her chest, stopping on her breast. She gasped as I gently squeezed her breast, feeling her nipple harden under my hand. She laughed softly into my mouth and pulled my hand away, still holding it as our hands dropped to my lap. Well, it almost got there but was stopped by Kathy's ass in the way.

In seemingly no time at all, I heard a beeping. Someone said "Time's up, knock off the sucky-face you two."

We pulled apart, and I leaned back and because conscious of who was on me. I had not even noticed until now that while she was forgotten to me for a minute, my cock had noticed. She was moving ever so slightly, but my cock could feel every move, feeling very snug trapped evenly between her ass cheeks. How lucky of a shot was that? I could only picture that her pussy was directly above my throbbing pole. I made it lift a little bit and was rewarded with an long slow squeeze from her.
