 This is the fourth instalment of an 18-year-old music student's, Clare's new career in the sex industry. In the first instalment, she was hired by the husband and wife team of escort agency owners who discover during some sexual high jinx she is still a virgin. In the second, she sets out in a limo to her first appointment with her escort name, "Celeste", to a man who has outbid other men for the privilege of taking her cherry. There is an erotic adventure in the limo. In the third instalment, she loses her cherry to an experienced client. This instalment, the escort agency owner gets the shy teen to come to a party for his "bros" with erotic intentions on his mind. 




Jerome, the co-owner of the Fran's Midnight Magic Escorts, was on his cell calling "Celeste" to arrange a meeting to pay her the $8,000 for letting Mr. R. claim her virginity. What the rich, cherry lover had paid was really $16,000 but Jerome knew the girl would be super happy with her share after the "management fee". For the last few days, all Jerome could think of was getting his black cock into that tight teen's pussy. He had hatched a plan to do just that. 

One of his university classmates, LeBryan Washington, was getting out of prison tomorrow. He had served three years for insider trading and paid a $20 million fine. That is a lot but since his net worth was well north of $200 million, it was just a speed bump on his road to financial stardom. Jerome had arranged a reunion of the tight group of five classmate "brothers" from the Yale University School of Business, Class of 1999, which had kept in touch after graduation. They were all successful corporate executives or business owners, including Jerome. 

Hell, Jerome and Fran had sixty escorts working for them which brought in over a million bucks a year in clear profit. With the exception of Aaron Worthington, their token honky, everyone in the close-knit group was black. They were what in the black community are called "Oreos", because like Oreo cookies, they were considered "black on the outside but white on the inside". None of them had intentions to form a black business students group but they had just gravitated together informally during their student years. Jerome knew LeBryan would be super horny after not having pussy in lock-up for three years so he arranged for five of his sweetest young escorts to meet at the newly released man's luxury Manhattan condo. Jerome was confident it would be a fine fuck fest for all his well-deserving "brothers". When she answered, Jerome said,

"Hello girl, this is Jerome, your boss. I hope you remember me because I SURE remember you."

"Of course I remember you, Jerome." 

She said demurely blushing at the image in her mind, of his beautiful big hard thick black penis. She found him attractive but also a bit scary. 

Jerome continued, "I love your new escort name, Celeste. It really suits you. By the way, Mr. R. was VERY happy with the service you provided. Fran is putting out the word to our best clients that we have a fantastic new escort that is now available. That pussy of yours will be a gold mine. I will have your cash from the date with Mr. R. tomorrow. We can meet tomorrow night at a little party I am throwing for a brother of mine that haven't been in New York for three years. I will give you the money then." 

There was a hesitation on her end of the line so Jerome quickly continued, "By the way, your share is $8,000 my sweet newly rich music student!"

With that news, Clare threw caution to the wind and shouted in glee, 

"WOW that is such a lifesaver!! $ 8,000 bucks!! That is amazing!! Of course, I will meet you there to get it!!" 

She envisioned a family-type of gathering where she would meet Jerome's brother. 



"That's the spirit, girly." 

He said, looking up and silently thanked whatever higher power was favoring him today. 

"It is at 10 o'clock and I will text you the address. By the way, wear something nice. A few of my brothers will be there and the apartment is very ritzy. I don't want you to feel embarrassed about being in jeans or something." 

"OK, I will be there!!" she beamed.

Jerome's face lit up in a huge grin as he shouted in his mind, "YES!" and gave a big fist pump in the air. He just KNEW if he got her to go there, he was going to be balls deep in her tight teen beaver. Then composing himself he calmly said,

"And, by the way, you should go out and buy some nice sexy panties. You know the thong type that show off a woman's ass-cheeks. From what I heard from Mr. R, you ARE a woman now. Wear one tomorrow as a favor to me, your boss. " 

Jerome liked to keep his women minds thinking about sexy things. Clare was taken aback by the request, but the vision of getting $8,000 trumped any concerns and after a pause said nervously,

"Ah, OK Jerome, Ummm, boss." And then added, "Will your wife, Fran be there?"

Jerome lied, "Sure, she will be there, don't worry your little head about anything. We will take good care of you. See you tomorrow night." And then he hung up. 

Jerome, grabbed his crotch and its ample package and exclaimed, "Well, Mr. Johnson, (That is his nickname for his manhood) I have got you a hot date for tomorrow night!!! Sweet 18-year-old Pussy, get ready to party with Mr. Johnson!!"

The Party.

Clare hummed nervously as the private elevator lifted her to the top floor. She was wearing a deep purple satin backless, shoulder-less cocktail dress, that showed a naughty amount of her ample cleavage. The tops of her alabaster breasts bulged seductively above the cups that strained to hold them. The stretchy fabric hugged her slim waist and showed off her firm buttocks. The tight bottom of the dress ended a few inches above her knees. When she bought it, it was quite a bit shorter, in a typical big city style, embarrassingly so. She had the store lengthen it to a point that her mother would approve. 

She was a stunning vision of teen womanhood. Her long gleaming brunette hair cascaded over her shoulders with natural waves and curls. Since, losing her virginity, she felt more feminine and instinctively desired to show off her womanly charms. She started using more makeup. Many boys, several of them very attractive, had started to notice her as she walked the halls of the school. Or maybe, she thought, it was because she was starting to notice them. Somehow they seemed to detect a change in her. 

When she got off the private elevator into the small foyer with only one door, she could hear the steady deep rhythm of the techno music coming from the other side. She was thinking, 'My goodness, there is only one apartment on this whole floor! And in Manhattan! That must be insanely expensive. I sure am glad that I bought this new dress.' 

Before she could even knock or press a button, the door flew open, with a gush of much louder music and Jerome, who had seen her on the security camera, was standing there with open arms and a big smile. He shouted,

"Clare! Um, I mean Celeste!! Wow, baby girl! You look good enough to eat! You are the bell of the ball, baby. Come! Bring that sweet ass over here and give Jerome a big hug!!" 

When she stepped forward, she seem so tiny next to him and he reached down and wrapped one arm around her shoulders and grabbed one cheek of her ass with the other. He could feel the panty-less cheek through the satin of her dress and he knew then that she had bought and worn the thong that he told her too. Clare blushed in embarrassment as her bottom was being felt and she hoped that none of his family could see what had happened. 

The apartment was very open with high ceilings. Lights were turned down a bit but Clare saw one couple sitting on stools at a full bar at one end and a number of leather sofas around what looked like a dancing area in the center with three couples dancing to the deep pounding beat of the music. 

The four men in the room and all appeared to be about Jerome's age. They were executive-type fit physically, not athletic. They were all good looking in there own way. The one white fellow seemed a bit geeky, in a "Bill Gates" way with thinning blonde hair. The women were very beautiful and a good deal younger than the men. The dancers were the ones that were closest to Clare and she saw that one of them was a tall, gorgeous athletic looking woman, with dark chocolate colored skin and a short Afro-type hairdo. The other was a pretty, tiny oriental girl with impossibly long straight hair flowing down to her buttocks. 

The last dancer was an exotic looking blonde Caucasian, with a stunning tattoo of a serpent going from low on her back, over her shoulder and down between the globes of her large breasts. Clare felt a bit intimidated by their beauty. But little did she know that they were even more intimidated by her, because of her gorgeous natural beauty. Jerome introduced her to everyone. Clare was impressed with how sophisticated and gentlemanly the men were. But it did not seem to be a family gathering. Jerome had even called the white fellow his brother. Jerome guided her to the couple at the bar. 

"LeBryan, brother," he said, "Let me introduce you to Celeste, my absolute most favorite music student in New York City. Hell no, make that the whole world." 

LeBryan was of medium height, dressed in an expensive suit with the big smile of a slick used car salesman. The beautiful blonde girl sitting on the barstool beside him looked a bit older than Clare and reminded her of the pretty cheerleaders at her high school in New Hampshire. Later, she would find out the girl really had been a cheerleader. She wore a slutty tight gold dress that barely contained her double D breasts and it was so short that Clare could see a flash of her yellow panties. LeBryan got up from the stool smiling, checking out Clare's body and gave her a New York air kiss. He turned to Jerome and said,

"Well, bro, you have totally outdone yourself now. This is one sweet lady you have brought to my homecoming." 

He returned his hungry gaze to the teen student and with an evil smile said, 

"It is really nice to meet you." 

Clare responded and in an effort to make conversation said with a New Hampshire style, 

"It is really nice to meet Jerome's brother. How many more brothers and sisters were in your family?" 

LeBryan had a quizzical look flash cross his face and then his eyes opened wide in realization of what the teen was thinking.

"No, no, no, baby. We are not blood biological brothers. We are bros. You know, like, tight black bros. In white man's talk, like really close friends. My, my.my, I can see LeBryan is going to have to teach you a few things about the big city" 

Clare blushed because she did not want to appear racist. She just did not have any experience with blacks and their lingo while growing up in the northern part of New Hampshire. His eyes kept intently checking out Clare's curves. He grabbed Jerome's elbow and said, 

"Bro, we have to have a private talk." 

And before guiding him to a corner away from the bar he turned and said to Clare, 

"Why don't you and Billie-Jean have a girlie talk while we brothers iron out a few things." 

Clare could see Jerome and LeBryan having a heated discussion in the corner. She turned to Billie-Jean to make some friendly conversation and said sweetly, 

"Hi Billie-Jean. That is a very nice dress you are wearing. Were you born here in New York City?" 

The blonde's smile hardened a bit. She scanned her eyes up and down Clare's body and she replied, 

"Born? Well, I tell you one thing. I wasn't born yesterday like you. Do you know what's happening here girl?" 

"Jerome said his wife will be coming over with an important amount of money to give me for some business we had together." 

The former cheerleader rolled her eyes at her answer. 

"Business? You don't have to talk around things with me. I work as a escort with Midnight Magic too. Those other girls over there work there and I believe you are the new girl. These men are all Jerome's university buddies. They all know we are escorts and are expecting a big clusterfuck." 

Clare looked on with shock as Billie-Jean continued. 

"This night is what is called a "freebie". Jerome expects us to fuck those guys for free but we don't have to. But I will because I like to keep on the good side of Jerome to make sure I get more business with the agency" She looked Clare straight in the eyes. "Tell me the truth girl. Has Jerome fucked you yet?" 

Clare blushed crimson and said,

"No, but we were pretty close to having intercourse." 

The former cheerleader nodded and smiled knowingly, 

"Ahh. That means you sucked his cock. Right?" 

When Clare dropped her eyes, the woman knew she was right. 

"Well, don't be embarrassed he has fucked all the girls in this room including me and likely every escort that works for him and Fran. He just never stops hound-dogging a girl until he gets that big black snake of his in a girl's pussy. Wow, I am shocked that he didn't fuck you after getting a blow job from fresh meat like you. That's a first for Jerome. By the way, you will likely get your money tonight. But Fran is not coming here to this wolf's den. No, this is Jerome's boys' night out." 

Clare was surprised to hear all of this. She had not expected anything like this tonight and she decided to play hard to get until she had her money and then leave before the heated action started. All of these men seemed to be well-mannered gentlemen but she was still a bit shy around sex with a man she just met and the idea of fornicating in front of many strangers was too extreme. 

Jerome and LeBryan returned to the two of them. They had been having heated words because LeBryan wanted to fuck Clare first before Jerome since Jerome's dick was just too large and anyone getting second's after him would have a pussy split too wide for a decent fuck. Jerome finally agreed for two reasons. Yes, his dick would open the girl too much for the next guy, but mostly because LeBryan was his best bro and he should get the best after three years in the slammer. Clare leaned into whisper in Jerome's ear, 

"Jerome, do you have my money? I should be getting back to my dorm room. I should get to bed early because I have an exam tomorrow." A little fib won't hurt she thought.

"Like I said girl, Fran will be bringing your cash later. Relax and have some fun. Hey, LeBryan, give this girl a drink. What kind of host are you?" 

Clare asked for some orange juice and ended up with a vodka and OJ with more alcohol that juice. She was thirsty and downed it quickly. Not being used to drinking, she felt an immediate pleasant glow wash over her body. Another drink was given to her in flash and she was soon a bit woozy. Everyone was dancing to the heavy beat of music from the huge speakers. LeBryan was a great dancer who showed her how to move with the music along with a constant flow of touching and squeezing all over her body. Clare was swept up into a laughing circle of beautiful girls who were obviously a bit drunk and getting very raunchy. 

 Billie-Jean hiked up her short skirt and did a cheerleader imitation with a cartwheel ending with the splits on the dance floor. Everyone cheered her on. Not to be undone, the Chinese girl shouted that she used to be a gymnast and to prove it, lifted her skirt over her bum and sat on the floor. With amazing flexibility, she pulled her feet behind her head. Her nose was very close to the camel toe outline of her pussy under the crotch of her scarlet red thong. The crowd cheered on. The tall athletic beautiful black girl shouted out,

"That's nothing! Celine and I used to be dancers. Come on girl, let's show them something special." 

Clare saw the white girl with the amazing snake tattoo run over. They threw off their high-heels and climbed on to a large table at the edge of the dance floor. The music pounded on as the women seductively undulated their bodies and slowly peeled off their dresses exposing their model-type perfect bodies. Clare was shocked to see them take everything off to the cheering delight of the men. They were so saucy as they rubbed their breasts against each other and spanked each other's bums playfully. When they stripped buck naked, it turned out that the tail of the snake tattoo was down to the crack of the girl's ass and the body of it went over her shoulder, between her large breasts and the head and extended tongue ended at the camel toe of her shaved cunt. Clare was standing beside LeBryan who was intent in watching the erotic scene. 

She could see it was turning him on because his penis had formed a tent in the front of his pants which he boldly massaged with a dreamy look in his eyes. It was turning her on too. Her cunny was getting wet and throbbing with the music. The white geeky fellow moved in beside Clare and was staring greedily and shamelessly at her body. He made her a bit nervous, especially when he started brazenly stroking the cheek of her tight ass. She did not really find this one of the brothers that attractive but she did not want to make a scene with something this minor so she did nothing. The man took this as a positive signal and soon dipped his hand below the hem of her skirt and suddenly plunged his fingers down the crack of her ass and under to the area of the thong covering her girlie parts. He smiled when he felt the warm dampness. Clare gave a little squeal and backed away bumping into LeBryan who had been watching the strip show. LeBryan looked down and said,

"Hey, babe. Are you OK? " 

Clare looked over at the geeky fellow who was smiling and brashly smelling his fingers that had groped her private area. She did not want to make trouble. 

"No, everything is fine." 

And she moved close to LeBryan who put his arm around her bare shoulders and gave her a comforting squeeze. She looked over and saw Billie-Jean and Jerome sitting together on the big leather sofa. He had pulled one of her DD breasts out of her top and was massaging the bare snow-white skin and pink nipple. The former cheerleader was busy stroking his massive bare man-meat sticking out from his lap. Clare was shocked on the one hand, but her mouth watered instinctively at the memory of the taste of that instrument in her mouth. 

There was a cheer from the strip show area and Clare looked over to see the two women in a 69 position passionately licking each others pussies with hundred dollar bills strewn all around them from their appreciative fans. Clare had never seen such a thing and the lesbian performance plus the effects of the alcohol really turned her on. She did not object when LeBryan reached down and massaged her ass as they both watched the erotic action on the table. 

The smell of pussies in heat filled the room. The juice from her cunny was literally flowing from her vagina and soaking her thong. She could even feel some running down the inside of her thigh. She did not even object when the alpha black male beside her reached below the hem of her dress and reached inside her thong and with his strong soft hand ran his palm down the crack of her ass until his middle finger felt her anus and then on down to her throbbing wet pussy lips. Clare almost fainted with the surge of pleasure that went through her body. Her inhibitions were melting away as the primitive parts of her brain took over. In a haze, she vaguely realized that the geeky white man had unzipped his pants and had pulled his dick out and was masturbating it as he stared at her hungrily. She held on firmly to her own man's arm and just closed her eyes to concentrate on the wonderful sensations his digits were causing.

LeBryan was getting unbelievably turned on by the shy teen beside him and his dick was as hard as mahogany. He had not fucked a woman in the three years he was in prison and he was in a hurry to bury his cock in a hot tight pussy. He slid his fingers under the thong underwear and along the hair covered wet lips of the teen's womanhood. This was certainly a very hot and willing pussy. He looked around frantically for a good place to fuck the girl and spotted the door to his master bedroom and its massive oversized bed. 
