 The sun was up when I awoke to a call of nature and reluctantly slipped away from Carolyn's naked body. The house was quiet and still as I peed and Carolyn was still asleep when I reentered Ruth's bedroom. I couldn't resist the allure of her smooth pussy, so I crawled up between her spread legs and ran my tongue up her slit. She moaned in her sleep, but was soon awake and running her fingers through my hair. I asked whether she wanted me to continue or whether she wanted to go jump in bed with another couple and wake them in the same way. She opted for the latter.

Slipping out into the hall, we first opened the door to Lisa's room so that Jim and Ruth would hear what we were about to initiate. Since the master bedroom had a king-sized bed, we had decided to join Lisa and Rob there and hope that Jim and Ruth woke up and joined us. We opened the door and left it wide open as Carolyn moved up between Rob's legs and I between Lisa's. As Carolyn took Rob's semi-erect tool in her hand and ran her tongue over his balls, I ran my tongue up Lisa's slit and over her clit. They both started moaning as Carolyn wrapped her lips around Rob's cockhead and slid them down his shaft and I slipped finger into Lisa's pussy while licking and sucking her clit.

They both gradually awoke and realized what was happening, then turned to each other and started making out. Lisa was rocking her hips at my face while holding one hand in my hair, pausing in making out with Rob occasionally so that she could let out a passionate moan. Carolyn, meanwhile, was pumping the base of Rob's cock with one hand and fondling his balls with the other while sliding her mouth up and down his shaft. Rob had one arm around Lisa and the other on Lisa's tits, so I took a cue from him and reached over to fondle Carolyn's closest tit as I ate Lisa's pussy. The moaning and groaning from Lisa and Rob must have been enough to pique Jim and Ruth's curiosity, because it wasn't long before they were in the doorway watching us.

Rob and Lisa had to cease their making out because Ruth decided she was going to ride Rob's face. As she straddled his head and he moved his hands up to her ass while licking her pussy, Jim moved around by Lisa and straddled her ribs, laying his cock between her tits. I didn't relish having Jim's hairy ass right over my head, so after a few last licks of Lisa's pussy, I got up. Looking around, I found a few decorative pillows, which I managed to get under Lisa's ass so that I could kneel between her legs and slip into her pussy. As I was pushing into her slick depths, Carolyn also got up and straddled Rob's hips, guiding his thick tool into her smooth pussy.

I was pumping my cock in and out of Lisa's pussy while Jim fucked her luscious tits and Carolyn was riding Rob's throbbing cock while he ate out Ruth. There was a lot of moaning and a lot of slurping and sloshing noises. I had Lisa's legs hooked over my arms and was holding on to the tops of her thighs, pulling her against me as I pushed into her. Jim was humping her tits, squeezing them together himself while she ran her hands up and down his thighs, for lack of anything else to do with them. I nudged Carolyn with my elbow as she rode Rob in much the same style as she had ridden me earlier that morning. She looked over at me, glassy-eyed, and I leaned toward her. She did the same and we tried to make out, but only succeeded briefly.

Jim got up onto his knees and moved forward, grabbing for the headboard as he guided his cock toward Lisa's open mouth. With her lips wrapped tightly around his shaft, he started slowly fucking her face. Although Ruth had been moaning consistently under Rob's attentions, Carolyn was actually the first one to cum. She let out a passionate moan and slowed down her pace as her orgasm washed over her, then dismounted Rob encouraging Ruth to move backward and took her place. When Ruth started riding Rob, I noticed that Carolyn was kneeling beside them massaging Ruth's clit and occasionally licking or fondling her nipples. I smiled as I realized there was even more exploration to be done.

When Jim had moved up to fuck Lisa's mouth, she had put her hands back to work and was pumping his cock and massaging his balls. It was no surprise that Jim was moaning steadily as he slid his cock in and out of her mouth. His pace appeared to pick up quite a bit until he gave a few good thrusts and shot his load down her throat. Once Lisa had sucked him dry, he pulled away and moved to kneel between her and Rob. He fondled her breasts while reaching to the other side to fondle Ruth's, too. He would have fondled Carolyn's, too, except that she saw an opening and moved around to the other side of the bed. While I continued to fuck Lisa, Carolyn lowered her head between Lisa's legs and started licking her clit.

It was so hot to fuck a pussy that was being licked by another girl; I assumed that either Lisa or I would be the next to cum. Right next to me, however, Ruth was getting very vocal as she rode Rob's tool. She was bouncing up and down wildly, her small tits bouncing as well despite Jim's attempts to suck them while still fondling Lisa's tits. I realized that not only did Ruth have Rob's tool sliding in and out of her and Jim sucking on her titties, she was also working over her clit with her own fingertips. It was no wonder that she then practically screamed as she came. She rode Rob's cock for only another minute or two, then backed further down him, his cock popping out of her.

Remaining on her knees, she took Rob's tool in her fist and began to pump it as she wrapped her lips around the head. Jim turned his attention fully to Lisa's tits so that she was now having her pussy fucked, her clit licked and her nipples sucked. I was alternately watching Carolyn's tongue on Lisa's clit and Ruth sucking Rob's cock. Lisa and Rob were both moaning and it wasn't immediately apparent who would cum first.

It ended up being too close to call as Rob grabbed the back of Ruth's head and forced his cock down her throat as he began to spew while Lisa cried out and began to shudder as she came. Ruth practically gagged on Rob's big tool, but managed to recover and swallowed his load before raising her head to catch her breath. I continued fucking Lisa through her orgasm, the increased lubrication bringing me right to the verge as well. As Lisa appeared to have fully experienced her orgasm, I pulled my cock from her pussy and slipped it into Carolyn's waiting mouth. She slid her lips up and down my shaft, tasting Lisa's juices and drawing my orgasm nearer still.

With all eyes on us, Carolyn sucked my cock, pumping the base while fondling my balls. I thrust my hips at her face, feeling my orgasm continuing to build until, finally, I exploded into her mouth with a grunt of relief. She sucked until I was spent, then let my softening cock fall from her mouth. Ruth slipped between Rob and Jim while Carolyn and I lay beside Lisa, all of us satisfied and content. We must have made some picture, all six of us, naked, lying side-by-side in Lisa and Ruth's parents' bed. Good thing it was a king-size.

Eventually we all got up and headed downstairs, not bothering to track down our clothes. We had some breakfast and soon started drinking again; however, the drinking was in moderation compared to the sex. For the rest of the weekend, it was rare that someone was not going at it with someone else. Carolyn left no question that she was bisexual and may have even awoken something similar in both Lisa and Ruth, who experimented a little bit that weekend. The couplings that we had started out with late Friday night had dissolved as everyone was sharing and nobody seemed to favor anyone else. After we parted ways on Sunday afternoon, however, there was never a big group gathering like that again.

I'm certain that we each hooked up with everyone else at random times in the ensuing years, but for the most part, Rob hooked up more often with Ruth than Jim or I did. Jim and I ended up switching our previous pairings as he realized how much he loved Lisa's tits. I also found myself drawn more to Carolyn's wild streak; her tits weren't really big enough for fucking, but she loved it in her ass and she enjoyed threesomes with another girl. I had no complaints. The details of that weekend stayed between the six of us, not that anyone would have believed it anyway, and really stood out for each of us as possibly the wildest and most satisfying sexual adventure ever experienced.