 I sat in my den, watching TV and just kept giggling every time I caught a glimpse of Connie as moved through the house. To say she wasn't her normal, nimble self would have been quite an understatement. She was desperately trying to get over the Party at Hydro Bob's. She still had that smirk on her face, well, maybe that's not quite correct either. She had the biggest shit eating grin on her face I've ever seen. 

The phone rang. It was Jan. When I answered, she was laughing. "Well...?"

"She's limping, squealing and grinning. Every time she moves I hear her moan just a bit. Every time I look at her, I crack right up. She's grinning from ear to ear. She is spending a lot of time in the Jacuzzi. You would think the woman had never been fucked before." I told Jan.

"Gar, trust me. None of us have ever been fucked like that before. My phone has been ringing off the hook all week. Everyone wants to know if she's quit smiling yet. The gals want to know what the recovery time is. They guys want to know if she permanently damaged herself and I want to know what you think of the whole thing."

"Personally Jan, I thought she was fucking nuts when she told me before the party what she wanted to do. I didn't try to talk her out of it. I knew better. I just wanted her to have the time of her life and believe me, she did. I still don't know exactly how many were at the party but from what I hear, she did everyone except Red and Nancy. Oh yeah, and me."

"Do you have any idea how many women you pissed off at that party? Lets just say there is a lot of our friends who didn't take to kindly to Red and Nancy hogging you all night. Myself included."

I laughed and apologized and handed the phone to the smiling one who had just hobbled into the den.

"Hiya Jan, whats up hon. Oh damn girl, I'm okay, I'm better than okay and I'm actually feeling totally horny again. What...Oh trust me...he hasn't stopped laughing all week. Did he tell you what he did. The son of a bitch went to Walgreen's and bought me one of those blow-up donuts to sit on. Yeah, I know. Oh he'll get his. Have you ever known me to pass on a payback. You're damned right I've got a plan and I can guarantee he's gonna love it. I'll call you tomorrow and fill you in on it. I can't cause he's sitting right here and listening to this and he is killing himself laughing. Okay baby, I'll call you tomorrow. Bi Bi." Connie laughed and hung up.

Okay, she's got something up her sleeve. I know better than to ask what. I'd rather go with the flow. 

The next morning I was in the office. I had property to show most of the day. Connie called me and asked what time I would be home. Being in real estate meant never knowing what would happen next and your schedule was constantly changing. One phone call and your schedule was gone in a heartbeat. I told her I planned on being home about 6:30. I wanted a swim and told her I was thinking about grilling some steaks. She said that was just perfect and I hung up. 

I pulled into the driveway and opened the garage door. I pulled my car in next to hers and as I got out I noticed a car parked in front of the house. It was a black Mercedes 500SL. Damn, I love those cars. Hopefully I'll own one someday. I closed the garage door, entered the utility room and I heard Connie yell to me that she was out by the pool and she had poured me a drink. 

I set my briefcase in my office, hung up my jacket and took off my tie. I was home. I could relax and unwind. I walked thru the french doors to a perfect evening. Low 80's, a spotless patio, shimmering water highlighting the a tall Cuba Libra sitting on the bar. 

My wife was standing there wearing those killer high heels she knows drive me right around the bend. Not a stitch of clothes adorned that gorgeous body. Her skin glistened with baby oil. That thin gold chain she wore around her waist shone as the sun picked up the edges with blinding flashes. What a perfect setting. 

"I see you're feeling better," I said as I sipped that wonderful drink. "You look good enough to eat."

"That's the plan my darling. I just realized that you and I haven't had any fun since the party. Its almost like you were left out of the fun the other night. Oh I know, you had a blast all by your self but baby, I miss you." With that, she walked over and went to kiss me but she stopped short. "You better get out of those clothes. This oil will ruin your suit."

Good idea, let me go hang this stuff up. I'll be right back.

I walked back outside and saw her, sitting on the bar stool under the umbrella. She shone with a golden halo which was more of an aura. Her hair was perfect, just falling from her shoulders. Her breasts, so lovely and firm. Her nipples taut and aching to be touched. Her lips perfectly painted, gloriously formed and aching for my hard cock. Her hands, a models hands, long polished fingernails which she loved to rake my back with. I could feel those fingers caressing my thickening shaft already. Her legs, a dancers legs, shaped for pleasure with those killer heels drew the path to my ultimate passion, her silken smooth pussy. I could feel the heat from ten feet away. 

I retrieved my drink from the bar. My adorable lady looked at me with a quizzical look on her face and asked me what was wrong with me. I had no idea what she was talking about. 

"I made some changes out here and you just totally missed it. What am I gonna do with you?" 

I looked about and I couldn't see anything different. The pool area was clean as a whistle but it always is. Nothing appeared out of place, the cabana looked exactly the same, no new furniture...nothing. 

"Well, if that's how you're gonna be about it, I'll just have to show you." She gets off her stool, walks behind the bar and returns with something in her hand. I just love watching that sweet ass as she walks. She walks around the other side of the bar and up behind my chair. I feel her breasts on my back as her hands caress my shoulders. I feel her hands on my neck. "Oh baby, did you have a stressful day at work? You're all tense. Just relax, I've got everything ready for the grill when we are ready to eat. Now, close your eyes and relax." With that, she has pulled a blindfold out and put it on me.

"Hey...what..."

"Just relax baby, take my hand and I'll show you what is new."

I take her hand and we walk around the pool to the far side. It is a weird feeling walking blindfolded. When we get to the cabana I hear her say, "Oh that's where I left it."

"Left What?" I ask.

"The baby oil honey. If I'm all oiled up, you should be too. Don't move. Don't take off that blindfold. Just let me rub this hot oil all over you."

Not being one to turn an offer like that down, I just stood there. I heard the bottle being opened and I felt her hand begin to caress my chest. The oil was warm, it felt terrific. I felt her breast caress my chest as her hands began to work the oil into my skin. Her hands went to my neck and the slippery feel of her fingers felt so soothing. She leaned into me and I felt the crush of her breasts against my chest as she kissed me tenderly. She reached for the oil again and I felt her rubbing my arms. She amazed me constantly. Her touch changed every time she touched me. Soft, hard, strong and teasing. What a combination. Again, I felt her breast lightly touched my arm. Strange feeling being blindfolded. Your senses are different. Things feel differently. More oil. I feel her hands start to oil my legs. Her hands caressing me, stroking the oil into me. I feel her breast graze my cock. Oh, I love that feeling. Her hands are all over my legs. She runs her hands up the back of my legs. My cock begins stirring.

"Does my baby's cock need some loving?" I hear her giggle. 

"What do you think?" I reply. I feel those sweet wet lips caress my rapidly hardening cock. I feel her tongue glide up from my balls, along the underside of my shaft to the very tip. My cock is fully erect as I feel the warmth of her mouth as it opens and glides into her mouth. She starts to move her face deep into my pubes as her tongue caresses my hot cock. I feel her hands caressing my ass spreading more oil on me as she sucks my cock. The sensation of standing there, totally blind, being pleasured like this is fabulous.

"Does that feel good baby? Does your cock simply love that?"

"Honey, you said something was different. I think I know what it is." The sensation of my cock being totally swallowed by this oral expert was amazing. "Baby, when did you become a ventriloquist?" I asked.

"Why would you say that?"

"Well....unless I'm really out of it, you're talking and sucking at the same time."

The backyard erupted in laughter. I ripped the blindfold off and there was Nancy, looking up into my eyes with my cock firmly planted in her throat. I saw my wife, laying on one of the chaises a few feet away with her hand deep into her pussy grinning like crazy. I felt, rather than saw, a totally hot, tall, gorgeous redhead rise from her duties of rubbing oil on me from behind. I couldn't believe it. I pulled Nancy up, kissed her. Turned to Red and kissed her and looked at my wife and just shook my head. 

"Hey baby, did you think, I mean, really think, that I was gonna let you monopolize these two forever?" she grinned. 

I went to pour a fresh round of drinks as we all assembled at the bar. Nancy said that Connie had given her our number at the party. They set this up to surprise me. Well, they certainly succeeded. We drank and decided on taking a dip before I cooked the steaks. I knew the moment we hit the water, my pool man was gonna scream trying to get the filter to work properly afterward. If this had happened in a lake, it would have been called an ecological disaster. There was so much oil in that pool but we didn't care. Connie swam up to me, kissed me and told me she loved me. Then, she got that twinkle in her eye and I knew exactly what that meant. 

Lets Party.

She swam over to Red, who had just pulled herself up and was sitting on the edge of the pool with her feet still in the water. Connie swam between her legs and pulled herself up. She looked at Red and told her that I said she had a gorgeous pussy that tasted terrific. Connie said it was time for hors d'oeuvres and with that, she started caressing Red's beautiful breasts. 

Nancy swam over to me, her hand slipping between my legs as she grabbed my cock. I kissed her and she whispered she wanted a better look. "Why, you little voyeur." I smirked. "Lets go, this is gonna be hot."

We watched as Connie lifted herself up to reach Red's hard nipples. Connie's face traced the shape of those glorious orbs, every nerve ending sending pulses directly into her erotic center. Her lips parted and her tongue glided between her breasts, tracing a sliver of saliva between them. Connie's tongue traced the outline, ran underneath her breast which totally turned Red on. Her back arched as Connie's mastery of female flesh played out on Red's chest. Her nipples grew with each stroke. Now, this only gave encouragement to Connie's eager mouth. She moved straight up to tantalize Red's nipple. Very lightly flicking the tip of her nipple with her tongue, Red moaned, Connie circled her aureola ever so lightly, the eroticism was immense. 

Nancy and I are only a few feet away. We are watching this intently. My arms are around her. Her ass is tight to me. My cock is between her legs and she is literally sitting on it, gliding it between her wonderful ass cheeks. My hands are caressing her breasts and she is lost in the lust of the moment. My cock does not enter her, just providing a platform for her lust to build.

Connie takes Red's nipple fully into her mouth. Red moaning uncontrollably. Connie's perfect teeth biting her hard nub and Red screamed. She sucks the breasts fully. moving to the other nipple. Her face is all over Red and Red is writhing with total bliss.. Connie moves her face down and tongues her belly. Her hands caressing Red's chest as she slides down to the sweetness I told her about. 

Nancy moans, shifts and glides my cock deep into her aching pussy. This sweet, tight, hot, insatiable blonde clenches my hard cock and she clamps tight. She never takes her eyes off Connie's face. She watches as Connie's tongue traces lines across Red's hip bones. I start kissing Nancy's neck as my cock is so wonderfully massaged by her talented pussy. 

Connie's breath is on Red's aching pussy. Red has spread those gloriously long, incredibly sensual legs wide as possible. Her shaved pussy, topped with just a tip of soft red hair is begging to be attacked by a masters tongue. Connie's hands are caressing her thighs, lovingly stroking those glorious inner thighs as she breathes deeply the scent of a woman in heat. She senses the lust, the sensuality and the desire of this goddess displayed out for her feasting eyes. Her face caresses her mound. The silkiness of the combined skin collide and the heat is enormous. Connie traces her finger along the opening of Red's womanhood. Red jumps with the touch. She feels the heat of the face of a totally abandoned woman gracing her loveliness. Connie places her hands along each side and gently, passionately pulls. Red begins to writhe with pleasure.

Nancy is grinding her pussy onto my cock with total abandon.

Connie places her face on the glistening open slit before her. Savor this moment. She has wanted this woman ever since the party. She wanted to touch, taste, and lick every part of this glorious woman. Her tongue snakes out between her lips. She nestles its wetness into the slippery folds and she tastes the prize. Red is coming unglued. Connie tastes the flavor, the sweetness and the sensuality of this goddess. Her licks are graceful, slow, tantalizing movements designed to give ultimate pleasure. She knows Red is pleased and this gives her so much warmth and drives her desire even higher. Connie reaches her clit. Red is screaming in pure unbridled pleasure. Her mouth, so expertly trained in the art of sensuality, flicks ever so gently over, under, around and across with feather like strokes driving Red into total orgasmic bliss.

She screamed, grasped Connie's head and literally jumped onto her face. Her hips gliding over Connie's lips faster and faster as Connie drove her tongue deeper into her steamy hot wet cunt. Her breathing became labored as her stomach muscles constricted and she rode that face with total abandon. 

Nancy pulled off of me. jumped out of the water and threw herself on the chaise. "Fuck me Gary, I mean slam fuck me. I want all of it and I want it NOW!"

In a moment, her legs wrapped around my neck. My hard swollen shaft buried deep into that tight, sweet pussy. My balls were slamming against her ass as I drove my hardened shaft deep into her wetness. I felt her clasp, clamp then shudder as wave after wave of orgasmic harmony hit its crescendo. My cock became a blur. Her body constricting harder and harder. Her orgasms grew and grew. I wasn't going to let this one go. I slammed into her again and again. She whimpered, she cried out not to stop. Our bodies were one, moving, reacting, enjoying this passion. My body needed release and she felt it building. My legs quivered and my back arched, "I'm coming baby."

"Yes, oh yes, fill my cunt with your hot, wet cum baby, fuck me hard, fill me up, don't stop baby, cum and cum and cum....Oh Gawd YESSSSSSSSS!" she screamed as wave after wave of glorious hot jism hit the back of her womb.

We lay there, trying to catch our breath, as our bodies returned to some semblance of normal. We were joined on the double chaise by the two, incredibly hot, not fully recovered women who started this. We felt their hands, tasted their lips and felt their warmth. Connie slid between Nancy's legs, placed her face into her swollen lips and began to clean our combined juices from Nancy's well fucked pussy. Red leaned over and kissed me passionately and did the same to me. Her beautiful face wrapped around my cock was a glorious sight. 

"Well baby, I told you they were terrible hosts. They didn't wait until we got here to start the festivities." I heard Jan giggle.

I looked over at Dave and Jan, our two best friends and started laughing. Connie was really full of surprises tonight. "Dave, would you quit bitching and pour everyone a drink." I laughed. I looked at Jan and saw the instant lust all over her face. This night was just beginning and it promised to be a great one.

After a round of drinks, we settled down to a nice poolside dinner. We learned that Red and Nancy were lifelong friends. They grew up two houses away and from the time they could walk, they were inseparable. They went to the same school, liked the same boys, shared the same boys, went to college together, were roommates, lovers, best friends and now, highly successful architectural designers. 

Another round of drinks was poured while the girls cleared the food away. Dave and I sat at the bar and he asked if they were really as hot as they looked. I damned near spit my drink out when he asked that. "Just you wait buddy boy. You definitely know how hot Jan and Connie can be, well, triple it. If you can walk to the car by the end of the night, I'll be damned surprised."

The girls came out onto the patio and the conversation turned to the party. Jan and Dave said it was the hottest thing they had ever seen in their entire swinging life. Nancy made the comment that no matter how much she tried, she couldn't take Bob at all, in anyplace. Jan said she could only take about a third of him and Red agreed. 

"Connie, when we saw you in there, you had him buried all the way up your butt. We got phone calls the next day saying you swallowed that thing all the way and when he fucked you, his balls were banging off your ass. Is that true?"

Connie blushed. 

Dave and Jan started in, "You can bet your sweet pretty ass she did", Dave said. "I watched her take him all the way. Now, don't ask me how she did it. We're best friends. I've fucked her almost as much as I've fucked my own wife and I'll tell you, she has a very tight pussy."

"Hey, Bob told me his balls were touching her chin. He said her mouth was open so far that he thought she would break her jaw." Jan cried. 

"Mmmmmm, I want some of all that", Nancy murmured.

Jan ran over to me and grabbed me, turned to the others and said, "For the next little while, he's mine. You hogged him long enough the other night."

I looked over at Dave and laughed. "Well pal, you wanted to know. Now you will."

Jan and I went over to the poolside chaise. We've been friends and lovers for years. She knew me as well she knew her husband. Likewise, I knew her body and could play her like a fiddle. We laid down and decided to watch what was going on by the bar. "What's he in for honey?" Jan murmured as we held each other in a lovely embrace.

"Lets just say, these two are totally hot, completely open to anything and everything and then you throw Connie into the mix."

"So what you're telling me is my husband is gonna get rode hard and put away wet."

"Just like you are my precious pet. Just like you are. You just wait till they get a taste of that pussy of yours. I can guarantee you, before this night is over, Dave and I will be sitting at the bar and it will be us that are watching."

"Nancy loves to play with your ass. She fingered mine the other night. Damn it felt good."

"Dave likes that too. of course, he'd rather fuck my ass than anything else. So one night, I figured turnabout was fair play."

I pulled her over and kissed her. "So do I Jan. I love your ass." Our tongues collided with a passion and she held me so close.

"I really felt cheated the other night so now I want you every way possible. Let me feel your body next to mine. I want to feel you, taste you, touch you." We held each other close as we watched the scene unfold across the pool. 
