 Tricia was missing again. It never failed. We'd go to a party, she'd promise not to abandon me, and then there I'd be, standing in a corner by myself, trying not to look like a middle school nerd while I waited for my wife to return.

This time I decided I'd go looking for her. She'd gone off by herself 30 minutes ago to find the bathroom, and I hadn't seen her since. I was tired of being ditched.

I made my way through the foyer and living room of the large house - no Tricia. From there, a doorway lead in to the kitchen. Still no Tricia. 

I noticed a back hallway. It was dark, but I'd run out of places to look so I took a chance on it. Toward the end of the hallway was an open door; as I approached, I could hear a man and a woman alternately moaning and talking. Clearly, this wasn't it.

I almost turned back, but decided to approach carefully and peak inside, just out of curiosity. Who does this sort of thing in public at a party?

I peeked in the doorway and saw my Tricia standing up, her face against the wall. Her dress was pulled up over her ass, her panties gone. Some guy was standing behind her with his pants around his ankles, and his cock buried inside her cunt. 

Another guy stood off to the side almost like he was in line, and two more lurked in the background, looking flushed and spent already.

Each time he thrust in to her she was forced on to her tip-toes and her long hair would flutter, while he let out a grunt.

"Oh, fuck, Tricia... so... fucking... tight..."

I was frozen in place, watching helplessly as he buried his cock in her over and over again, listening as his grunts got louder and he picked up the pace.

"Fuck fuck fuck fuck... oh fuck, TRICIA!" He lifted his head and writhed around as he emptied his balls directly in my wife's unprotected womb. She'd convinced me recently that she should stop using an IUD and we'd let nature take its course.

As he pulled out and stepped away, her pussy dripping cum, another guy grabbed her and sat her down on a nearby table, holding on to her legs as he drove his cock straight in to her and started pounding away.

"Oh, god, fuck... fuck me..." Tricia muttered.

She started making little grunts - "Uh! Uh! Uh!" I knew what that meant. She cried out as she came hard, yelling at him. "Fuck! Oh, fuck, I'm cumming... Fuck! Fuck! Oh, fuck!" Then a devilish look crossed her face. "I want to swallow!"

The guy took a step back and Tricia dropped to her knees. He grabbed her by the back of the head and thrust forward in to her mouth, barely missing a beat. As he continued to fuck my wife's face, I could see her throat bulging on each stroke. The air was filled with the sounds of her gulping and his balls slapping against her chin.

Suddenly he slammed forward one last time, moaning and shaking as he ground her head against his crotch.

"Holy fuck... Tricia... I wish my wife could swallow like you do." He pulled out and she gasped for air, a trickle of cum running down her chin.

She smiled. "But then what would I have to do at parties? Anyway, I better go back for a bit."

Slipping her panties back on, she headed for the doorway, barely giving me time to duck in to another room as she walked by. I expected her to return to the party, but, after checking something on her phone and smiling, she headed up the stairs instead. I followed.

She slipped in to a side room, not even bothering to pull the door all the way closed. I snuck over and looked inside and was shocked to see our neighbor's son, Brad, home from college for the summer. With him were the son of the people whose house we were in, Rick, and two more college-looking kids I didn't know, one guy and one girl.

Tricia stripped her panties back off and said, "I don't have a lot of time so why don't two of you play with me at once?" and got down on her hands and knees beside the bed.

Rick didn't need any more encouragement, sitting down on the bed in front of her and pulling her long hair aside, guiding her mouth down to his cock. The kid I didn't know took the position behind her, sliding his cock inside her.

The guys mostly stayed still and Tricia did all the work, seesawing back and forth between them, bouncing one cock off her cervix and then the other off her tonsils, over and over again. I bet she was going to have a "sore throat" the next day.

Suddenly, Rick moaned, "Oh, fuck, Tricia, oh fuck... your mouth!" as Tricia bobbed even faster on his cock, gulping visibly as she swallowed all of his cum.

He moved out of the way and the girl took his place, lifting her legs up in the air as my wife put her head down between them. Just before burying her face in the girl's bare pussy, she asked, "What's your name?"

"Val."

"Mmmmmmm." The girl squeezed Tricia's head with her thighs and muttered, "Holy fuck," as Tricia went to work with her tongue.

Maybe it was the sight of the girl-on-girl action, or maybe Tricia's pussy was just contracting around his cock like a vice, but, the guy in back (I never caught his name) became the latest person other than me to cum in my wife, holding on to her hips and stabbing at her cervix with his cock repeatedly.

Tricia redoubled her efforts on Val, nibbling and sucking on the folds of her pussy, then thrusting her tongue inside. The arch in Val's back got higher and higher until she grabbed Tricia's head and yelled, "Holy fuck! I'm... I'm cumming... so... fucking... hard!" She continued writhing around for a good 30 seconds longer as my wife kept inhaling her pussy.

That just left Brad. Tricia got off her knees and bent over, putting her hands on the bed, her ass up in the air. Brad grabbed a bottle of something and poured some down the crack of her ass, working it in to her asshole with his fingers while Tricia moaned.

When he was satisifed, he stood up, line up his cock, and slid slowly but smoothly inside her, burying himself up to the balls.

"Oh, fuck... Brad... fuck my asshole!" Tricia encouraged. "Oh, fuck!"

That was all Brad needed to hear. He slid almost all the way out and then shoved forward again, his balls slapping against pussy, which made her growl in appreciation.

They continued like that for several minutes, with Val watching closely, excited by the sight of his cock pounding in and out of her asshole.

Brad's breath grew increasingly more ragged until finally he jammed himself to the hilt and unloaded inside her ass with a yell. Out of breath, he pulled out of her and sat down on the bed.

"Oh my god! Look at that," Val said, looking at my wife's gaping asshole. "How does she get so... open like that?"

The neighbor boy gestured at his cock, almost bashfully. "Well, she and I have had a lot of practice at this." They had?

The girl reached down and stuck a tentative finger inside, feeling around in a circle. She seemed mesmerized, almost in a trance as she leaned down to get a better look.

"That's so hot," she muttered reaching out with her tongue and licking some cum from around the rim. "So fuckin' hot." She slid her tongue inside, her lips kissing my wife's ass.

She must have hit the right spot as she licked around inside, as just then Tricia's ass clenched shut, trapping Val's tongue inside her asshole. The girl didn't seem to mind, though, moaning contentedly and using one hand to finger Tricia's pussy, and the other hand to finger her own.

"Oh, fuck, Val, you're making me cum!" Tricia yelled, whipping Val's head around by the tongue as she shook her ass. "Oh, fuck... cumming..."

It seemed like Val came, too, at least, she seemed to be trying to scream into my wife's ass. As they both came back down, she grabbed Tricia's hips and was able to forcibly remove her tongue. "Holy fuck, that was amazing, Tricia. We have to do that again some time."

"We have all summer before you go back to college, sweetie," Tricia replied, grabbing her panties and straightening her dress up.

"That was a lot of fun, sweethearts, but I really need to get back downstairs. I've been gone for like an hour. See you next week?"

As Tricia headed out of the room, I ducked in to another bedroom, counting to ten before slipping back down the stairs myself. I was eager to "find" her finally and tell her what I wanted to do to her when we got home.