 My friend first turned me on to the agency when I was 19. We were both in college and loved to party, drink, smoke pot, do coke, acid, whatever, and just fuck about with boys. By the time I turned 19 I'd already had over 30 lovers. Some were older guys in their 30s and 40s. Some were my age. And I'd had a few girls too. I don't know, I'd just get wasted then I'd get horny and screw around.

Well somewhere along the line, Staci, a friend of mine, hooked up with this escort/exotic dancer service. She'd discovered she could get paid for getting high and getting fucked. They had this book with all the girls listed in it. It had a couple of pictures of her along with an ad that described her and what she liked. It said:

Wild Thing!

We think Staci's pictures say it all.

She's young and wild, very wild. An aspiring young model, this 19yr old blonde little honey stands 5'6" with a killer 35c-23-34 body that knows how to move. She loves to dress up or down in pumps, short skirts, and revealing tops - just ask, you'll be surprised. From an elegant escort to the wildest stag/bachelor parties or other all-male party, Staci never says no.

Loves special requests.

*

Apparently she'd been doing this since she was 18. She'd been out dating businessmen, stripping at stag/bachelor parties, posing for pictures, just all kinds of things. Then she turned me on to it. After my interview and photo session my ad read:

Party Girl

Say hello to Donna. This Nicole Kidman look-a-like loves to party and we mean "party." Her long and naturally blonde hair, is soft and beautiful to the touch. But, hey guys, the best part is that she's just turned 18 and loves to show off her stunning body while dancing, stripping, and "partying" with the guys. She's a very sexy 5'4", but wait until she steps into her favourite 6" pumps, She'll knock your socks off. If you're having a stag/bachelor, birthday, or any other all-male party or convention, Donna would love to "entertain" you and your guests. 

Special requests considered.

*

They took two pictures of me for the ad, both in a bright pink G-string bikini and white pumps. The ad was true I guess. Well, except for the part where they said I was 18.

My first "party" was for a bunch of construction worker types. One of them was getting married and they wanted to have a little bachelor party. I guess I was naive, because no one ever mentioned the word gang-bang to me. I thought I would show up, party for a while, strip, and maybe have sex with the groom. Boy, was I wrong! And boy, am I glad!

When I arrived at the hotel, I was accompanied by a big, burly black guy - my bodyguard. He said if it got out of hand, just to say so. I felt pretty safe. I was glad he was there because I had dressed like a complete whore and probably would've gotten what I deserved if I had gone in alone. I wore a tiny, black-leather mini that barely covered my black G-string panties, a black bra, and my black 6" pumps. 

I had on my big, black hoop ear rings and bracelets, my finger nails and lips were bright red, I was ready to party. I knocked and we were let in by a big blonde guy. He was pretty good looking, tall, and very built. I stepped into the room and saw that there were about 17 guys. The room was pretty big but still a little crowded. They touched me as I entered and said "Hi." That didn't bother me because I thought I'd just be teasing them. 

They gave me a drink and introduced me to the groom. He was cute! I hung out and partied and danced with a bunch of the guys. After a couple of shots and more than a few lines of cocaine, I got the bright idea of fucking the groom on the bed while they all watched. I thought that would be an awesome end to my upcoming strip routine. 

I did a few more shots and more and more coke until I was completely fucked up. I danced and partied. The room got hotter and hotter. The guys were pawing me and grabbing me, but, I admit it, I was loving it. Some of the guys had taken their shirts and shoes off. I did a couple more lines before I started my routine.

I started to dance by myself. The guys just kind of faded back and watched. They held out money and I danced around and let them slip it into my clothing. I turned and dipped and swayed and flung my hair around, running my hands up and down my thighs and across my stomach. 

I pulled the bills out of my top and handed them to my bodyguard. I rubbed my tits and flashed my panties before I reached back and unsnapped my bra to the shouts and cheers of the guys. I slipped my little black bra off and tossed it into the face of one of the guys and danced topless for them. I pinched my nipples and caressed my tits as I danced, teasing them, leading them on. The guys whistled and yelled and held out more money as I slowly ran the zipper down the leather skirt. 

They were chanting and shouting as I let the skirt fall around my ankles and pumps. I kicked it into the crowd and danced in my black G-string and pumps. I danced around the guys and let them grab my tits, slap and grab my ass. I teased them with flashes of my trimmed muff and shaved pussy-lips and ass as they slipped more money into my panties. 

The guys were going crazy and I was having a very good time. I was drunk and high and very horny. Exposing my body to all these guys, letting them see my pussy and touch my tits, dancing almost completely naked for them was making me tremble and shake and my breathing shallow. 

The thought of fucking the groom while the rest of them watched was a real turn on. I collected all the money dangling from my G-string and on the ground and gave it to my bodyguard. Then the guys shouted and howled as I looped my fingers through my G-string and wiggled out of it, letting it fall around my pumps, I stepped out of it and danced completely naked for the guys. I danced around the room, dipping and turning and flinging my hair around, teasing the guys, bending over and showing them my pussy and ass, putting my tits in their face and still collecting money. It was awesome! 

The best man held out a mirror covered with coke. I danced over and the guys all cheered as I did line after line while swaying and showing the guys my pussy. After I did all the coke there, the best man grabbed me and started to kiss me hard, his tongue filled my mouth as the guys yelled and whistled. 

I pushed away and danced around the room, sitting on the guys laps and rubbing my pussy on their chests, letting them finger me as I rubbed their crotches. I kissed them and let them suck on my nipples as I danced from guy to guy. I was so high and horny, my pussy was just wet and trembling, I couldn't stand it anymore. I knew it was time for the grand finale, or so I thought. 

I danced over to the groom and kissed him and rubbed his cock before I grabbed him by the fly and pulled him to the bed in the centre of the room. I pulled him between my legs and lay back. 

The guys were cheering him on to fuck me. God, I wanted it too! And I wanted them to watch. I watched him undo his fly and pull his big cock out. I scooted back on the bed and he climbed forward between my legs. He sucked my nipples as he found my pussy and began to penetrate. His cock filled my pussy as it slipped in, deeper and deeper. I gasped and sighed as he started to pump on me. I could feel his heavy balls slapping my ass as he pounded on me, harder and harder. 

All of the other guys were around the bed watching and cheering. His cock slipped in and out, his strong buttocks thrust his rod deep into me — very deep. I looked to the side at all the guys watching and I was just moaning and sighing as the groom fucked me. 

As I opened my eyes again I saw that some of the guys had pulled their dicks out too. Yeah, I wanted them to jack-off while they watched. I would love to have them cum on me. Then I felt a weight on the bed. I rolled my head to look and I saw a knee and a big cock-head right at my lips. Without even thinking I just opened my lips and let him lean forward and slip it in my mouth. 

I wanted it. And I just started to suck his hard cock. It was veiny and sour, but it felt good in my mouth. Then I was just lost in a sexual frenzy of sucking and fucking while all the other guys watched and cheered me on.

Then the groom stopped and pulled out. I looked to see another guy take his place and climb between my legs. I just kept sucking on the cock in my mouth as the new guy found my hole and slipped inside. I felt another weight on the other side of the bed and then I felt a warm cock rubbing across my cheek and I turned and licked and sucked under the head and down the shaft, before he sank down and filled my mouth with it. 

I just closed my eyes and sucked. God, I was so high and horny, I was totally out of control. Hands reached in and grabbed and squeezed and rubbed. I was on the edge as the cock in my mouth flared, rock-hard and rigid, and then started to pulse, pumping cum into my mouth. 

I looked up and saw the guy grimacing and groaning as he came. His cum was salty and hot and I swallowed it down. I pulled my lips of his cock and gasped and looked down to the guy fucking me. He was driving his cock into me hard and fast. It felt so good! 

I was just moaning and gasping as he fucked me. Then, I started to cum, but he pulled out, leaving me hanging as he groaned and stroked himself letting stream after stream of his sticky cum splatter on my stomach. I felt another hot cock at my lips and I lay back down and sucked as I felt another guy climb between my legs and start to fuck me. I reached out and grabbed the hard cocks that waited and squeezed and stroked them, jacking them off.

The guys traded off on my mouth and pussy. I sucked and stroked cock after cock. A couple guys came all over my face and hair, their hot sticky cum running down my cheeks and chin and pooling up on my neck. Guys came on my tits and all over my pussy and stomach. They kept trading off on my pussy. One guy would fuck me, pull out, trade, the next guy would jump in, fuck me hard, pull out, then the next guy and the next and the next. I was just hot and sweaty and gasping for air as these guys gang-fucked my brains out. 

Guy after guy pumped his cum into my pussy until it was just a loose and sloppy mess. Cum would flood out as a new cock was pushed in and would bubble and fart as they fucked me. Cum drained out and ran down all over my ass and onto bed into a wet and sticky pool.

I rolled over onto my knees and let the guys line-up and do my doggie-style. I buried my face into the pillows and let them trade off on my gooey, cum-filled pussy. Then I felt one of the guys pull out of my pussy and rub his cock on my ass. He pushed my butt down and I looked back and gasped and winced as I felt his cock slowly penetrate my ass. Guys had fucked me there before, but I had never done anything like this. 

I gripped the bedspread and buried my face again as he slowly pushed his cock deeper and deeper into my ass until I could feel his balls on my pussy, then he started to fuck me. I looked back and moaned. God, it felt so good! I guess they all agreed as they lined-up for an anal gang-bang. And I swear every one of them fucked my ass. 

I watched and moaned as a couple of them buried their cocks all the way inside and came deep in my ass. After what seemed like 10 or 11 guys had anally gang-fucked me, the best man came over and placed a mirror piled with coke in front of me. I did line after line as a guy slowly fucked my ass. His cock pushed in, then pulled out of my slippery ass as I let the cocaine blast through my head and course through my body, making me hornier and sluttier.

God, I was loving it! 

Then the best man pulled the mirror away and we went back to the anal gang-fucking. I was incredibly high and totally loving this unbelievable group scene. God, it was wild! Then he grabbed my hips and slammed into me again and again, his heavy balls slapping my pussy, driving his cock all the way inside before he finally just groaned and came. As he pulled out, I rolled over onto my back and spread my legs, but these guys had another idea. Two of them took me by the hands and sat me up on the bed then stood me up and over a guy lying on the floor. 

As I squatted down on him, I could feel the cum running down my inner thighs and just dripping and leaking out of my pussy and ass. I slipped his cock inside and bounced up and down on it. Guys stepped up and I sucked on them, one then another then another. My pussy bubbled and sputtered as I bounced. Then I felt another guy behind me. 

I looked just as he plunged his cock into my ass. My body clenched and I whimpered as he started to fuck my ass. Then I swallowed a cock and sucked. Just as the thick, veiny cock in my mouth started to pump, I started to cum. This time I did cum. I moaned and bounced and sucked and swallowed, trembling and shaking. The guys were cheering as my ears rang and my body exploded in a fit of scorching hot tingles. 

I just came and came. 

The guys traded off on my mouth and ass as I just fucked and sucked like a complete whore. I was hot and sweaty and dripping cum and gang-fucking all these guys and loving it! A couple guys came in my mouth and deep in my ass before I finally stood up, shaking. My legs were weak and wobbly as I went back to the bed and laid on my back and spread my legs again. 

The guys stood around and watched and talked as the last two guys tag-teamed my very sloppy pussy, before, one after the other, they pulled out and came on my stomach. I reached down and smeared it all over and licked my fingers. The guys cheered and whistled as I laid there sweaty and smeared and dripping with cum. It was all over my face and hair. My tits and stomach were covered in thick, gooey cum and my pussy and ass were sore and oozing cum from the most unbelievable gang-fuck I'd ever imagined. 

My bodyguard gave me a couple towels and my clothes and I wiped myself off. I didn't get dressed right away but partied naked with the guys for a while longer: dancing and drinking and doing lines. After that night, I guess I'm an official gang-fuck slut, because I can't wait for my next party.