 After our shower, Craig and I talked about his girlfriend Sarah. After the lust of the previous night (and this morning) I had spent a night with another girl's boyfriend – a girl who I had spent a lustful night with just a week before. After a brief discussion, he called her and told her everything. I listened in on the most erotic phone conversation I have ever heard when he recounted in the most explicit detail what I had done to him and what he had done to me. The story took about 45 minutes to recount and by the end I was feeing so horny again. When at last he finished he smiled at me and said that Sarah was so turned on and had fingered herself to an orgasm while he told her. 

"Didn't she mind?" I asked

"No fucking way" he laughed. "She thinks you are hot and can't wait for the three of us to get together." 

He lay on the bed, still with just his boxers on after our shower. I moved closer and we kissed. The erotic description, the thought of a threesome and the semi-naked figure on the bed made me so horny I was beginning to abandon any idea of a Saturday lunchtime shopping trip. As he held me close, our tongues dancing in each others mouths, my hand reached for his boxer shorts and I felt his cock beneath the thin material. He was semi hard. My hand caressed his cock and he began to harden. His hand returned the favour as he worked his hands under my blouse and bra and started to caress my breasts. 

I had dressed after our shower but he worked quickly to remove my blouse and bra. He pulled down my panties and I was again naked. He stood before me and I pulled down his boxers and his cock sprang to attention in front of my mouth. I couldn't resist and I took him in my mouth. As I began to suck and lick his cock and balls, he pulled away and lay down beside me. We were facing each other in a head to toe position. He proceeded to open my legs and start a slow licking of my labia and clitoris. I returned his cock to my mouth and we slowly brought each other to a marvellous orgasm with our lips, tongues and mouths. 

We finally managed to say goodbye later that day. I saw him twice during the week, and we spent Friday night at my place. We got little sleep during the night and I finally fell asleep when he left to get us both some breakfast. 

I could have been hours later – I was still dozy on his return. He came into the bedroom with tea and a bacon sandwich – his favourite. He sat on the bed and rubbed my neck as I nibbled on my food. 

"I have a surprise for you." he said.

"What?" I responded, expecting some new ideas for our lovemaking. He smiled at me. 

"What?" I said, more forcefully this time. 

He didn't answer. Instead, from behind the door walked Sarah. 

"I think he means me!" She said. 

"I found her wandering the streets." he joked. 

I looked at her open mouthed, not sure what to think. I had spent the night being fucked silly by her boyfriend. I still wasn't totally sure about her reaction. However, just a couple of weeks ago we had also spent a very erotic night together. She sat on the bed next to Craig and we kissed. She seemed positively delighted that her boyfriend and I had hit it off so well. No jealously, nothing. In fact, she seemed as keen on the three-some as Craig. 

We talked – just about this and that. As Craig went to get more tea her mood changed and she became more animated. She asked who started it, if I was keen on having a threesome or had Craig put me up to it. I reassured her that I was keen on both of them and couldn't think of anything better than to share each others bodies. She seemed happy and we continued kissing, this time with some more passion. I was still naked. She started to kiss my breasts and sucking my nipples into her warm mouth. She moved slowly down my body and pushed open my legs. She moved between my legs and inhaled. I realised that I must have been pretty horrid after a long night of fucking. But she didn't seem to notice or more likely care as she started to lick around my pussy lips, my hood and then inside my pussy, stroking up and down and across my clit. Her tongue was electric. She raised her head and smiled. 

"God, you taste so sexy!" she said as she licked her lips. She lowered her head and continued to eat me, her tongue exploring deeper and deeper. Craig returned and as he came into the room. 

His eyes widened and he said "Wow!"

He started to undress and was soon naked and quite obviously excited. Sarah raised her face, my juices slick on her face. They kissed and he tasted the juice from her mouth. 

"She's delicious!" he said and as if suddenly remembering what she was doing lowered her head. 

Sarah was now the only one dressed and Craig started to unbuckle her jeans. Soon she was naked as he pulled off her clothes with relish. He seemed unsure what to do, so I called him to me. I put my hand around his strong hard cock. I caressed his meat but he extolled me to use my mouth. I was happy to oblige as I returned his cock to my waiting mouth. I was beginning to reach my own orgasm with Sarah and her tongue proving irresistible. She suddenly thrust three fingers deep inside my hot wet cunt. I started to cum as she licked my clit stronger and stronger. I continued to suck on Craigs cock, taking him deep inside my mouth. My contractions became stronger as my orgasm reached full intensity. I couldn't cry out as Craig was now taking full control fucking my mouth. My pleasure was so intense. As wave upon wave hit my pelvis and belly Craig started to ejaculate his thick white semen deep inside my mouth. 

I swallowed what seemed like a pint before he withdrew and a final spurt hit me in the eye. Sarah raised he head from my sex and demanded his cock. Craig obliged and she hungrily sucked his wet cock. I watched as she tried to keep him hard but she was losing the battle. As she sucked him I stroked her lovely firm buttocks and my hand went between her legs. I drew a finger across her pussy and I could feel the wetness of her slit. I could tell she liked it and I moved to allow me access to her pussy. I pushed two wet fingers deep inside her. Her reaction was immediate. I started to finger fuck her, rubbing my knuckles against her clit. My mouth kissed the soft skin of her breast and nipple. She seemed to give up with the task of keeping Craigs cock hard and we kissed. 

"Lick me now!" she demanded and lay down. Craig raised and splayed her legs as I positioned myself with my head at her wet delicious cunt. I slowly licked her and started by taking her clitoris fully in my mouth. Craig joined me and with her legs high he had full access to the brown rosebud of her ass. He tongued her as I continued to lick her pussy. 

"Finger me, guys!" She said

Both of us complied as we inserted a finger each in her pussy and ass. Craig worked her ass hole more and more open and she started to moan in raptures of delight. I started finger fucking her with three fingers, my mouth still active and working on her sensitive clit. Sarah started to orgasm through the sustained double action. After a while she pulled away, unable to take any more direct contact. 

"Fuck me now!" she commanded. 

I reached for my bedside drawer where I kept my collection of vibrators. I took out my biggest and showed it to her. She nodded with enthusiasm, but Craig was hard again and he asked if she wanted him instead. The look in her eyes was enough. I slid my vibrator deep inside her and switched it on. Craig asked me to suck him and I took him into my mouth. Suitably moistened, he placed his hard cock against her ass hole which his tongue and fingers had so carefully opened. He slid inside her slowly. She thrashed her head from side to side and cried out. I thought my neighbours would be able to hear! Craig suggested I crouch over her face and let her eat me. I thought better of it but Sarah said yes. 

Her tongue immediately found my clit. I watched as Craig entered her asshole fully and started to fuck her back passage. It wasn't long before we all came again. Craig pumped his baby juice deep inside her ass and I had one of two minor orgasms watching and being licked by Sarah's tongue.

We all lay exhausted. But is wasn't long before we were at it again. Different positions, different coupling. How long we continued is a blur, but my God, was it delicious.