 There are three of us here in this room: you, me and another woman. She is laying naked on the bed. I walk to the bed and hesitantly reach out and touch her breasts. You walk up behind me and press your naked body against mine and without saying a word you take my hand in yours and show me how to touch her breasts and how to run my thumbs over her nipples. 

She quivers at the touch of our hands and I can feel a moistness start in my pussy. You whisper encouragement to me to take her nipple in my mouth and taste her, she says oh yes. I glance back at you and you give me a kiss and nod your head as if to tell me to go ahead. 

I lay down on the bed next to her and flick her nipple with my tongue, hearing her moan at this causes me to be a little braver and I cup her breast in my hand as I take her whole nipple into my mouth and gently suck on it. She runs her hands through my hair to encourage me to continue. 

As you watch you place your hand on my pussy and slide a finger inside and slowly start to move it. With your other hand you take mine and slide it down her belly to her pussy and rub my hand over it, she starts to move with the motion of our hands and soon my hand is moving inside of her without any encouragement from you. I can feel her juices flowing over my hand. 

I pull my fingers from her pussy and present them to you to taste and as your tongue touches my fingers mine does to and I get my first taste of her. This makes me want more, she slides up further on the bed so I can kneel between her legs and run my tongue over her clit and soon I am sliding my tongue in and out of her pussy, tasting all of her. I slide a couple of fingers inside of her as I lick and suck on her click. 

I am so involved in this new experience I don't notice you as you move behind me and thrust your cock inside of my pussy in one smooth motion, I am so hot and wet. She is squirming and moaning from my tongue and starts to play with her own breasts, this is exciting to you and you begin to pump me hard and fast and the harder and faster you pump the more I work her over soon she is coming all over my face and as she does my pussy tightens around your cock and explodes with it's own orgasm. This sets you off as well and with a final thrust you empty your load inside of me.

As we recover, you pull me down on the bed beside you and slowly start to caress one of my breasts, running your finger around my nipple without touching it, my nipple aches for you to run your thumb over and to gently pinch and tug on it. 

As I relax in your arms I soon feel a hand on my other breast. The feel of two different hands one work roughened and on soft and gentle sends a shiver through my body and I arch my back trying to press my breasts into your hands. You and her both respond by taking my nipples into your mouths, I can feel my pussy getting wet all over again and aching for someone to touch it, finger it, and lick it. 

I feel her move her hand to my pussy and rub around the outside of my lips lightly brushing my clit as she works her way around and starts to explore my pussy. Soon I feel her slip a finger inside of me and then put it to her lips for a taste of me. She slips her finger back into my pussy and then rubs it over my lips and as I start to lick my lips you lean over and kiss me just so you can have a taste of me. I moan into your mouth as she slips three fingers into my pussy. This just causes me to move against her hand as she begins to work me over. You reach over and get a dildo and slide it in my ass as she continues to work my pussy and together the two of you bring me to a mind blowing orgasm.

You ask her to lay on the bed and position me over her so she can suck and eat my pussy, then you get behind me and slide your cock in my pussy as she is eating me out and you can feel the touch of her tongue along your cock as you pump inside of me. 

This is so exciting to me that I just have to do the same, we change positions so I am now on the bed and she is over me and I start to lick her pussy as you enter her. I reach up and fondle your balls and pressing my fingers against your but, causing you to pump against her harder.

Soon she is cuming and I can feel her juices dripping down on my face, now you are ready to cum and you pull out of her to shoot all over her but and now your cum is dripping too and I can taste the two of you mixed together mmmmmmmmm, I like it. The three of us go down to the shower to clean up and then back to the bed where the three of us take a nap with you in the middle.