 My colleague Clive at work is the randiest guy I know. I was in his office when, noticing I was looking at the picture on his desk of his sex bomb wife Denise in a tiny bikini, he asked me if I'd like to come to a party the next weekend. As a newly divorced guy in my forties, guessing I'd be among lots of smug self contained couples I wasn't much in the mood for parties. But I asked him what kind of party. With a lewd grin Clive told me it was a beach party.

We were in midland England about fifty miles from the sea, the nearest beach was at a dreary North Sea coast town and we were only just through winter. I thought Clive was having me on, until he explained it was in a big house in the smart suburbs, with everyone dressed like they were on a beach. Girls would be in swimsuits or bikinis, guys in swim trunks. 

"It's bored housewives, wife swapping, randy divorcees, nymphos, strippers, sometimes some call girls. Usually more women there than men." Clive explained. 

It started to sound interesting. Clive suggested that if I came it would be a good idea to bring some condoms and not to wank for a few days before. I got that message too! I took up his invitation.

I took an Uber to the place. The house must have had six bedrooms and at least three bathrooms not counting en suites. As I walked along the long drive, which was already lined with cars by the time I got there, I wondered what the hell I was letting myself in for. 

I was met at the front door by our hostess, Sylvia, a big boobed blonde woman in her thirties. Her voluptuous figure was squeezed into a figure clinging bright pink one piece swimsuit, so see through her big deep pink nipples and dark cunt bush were clearly visible. She greeted me with a grin and a big hug. Feeling her belly against my already bulging erection, her big boobs against my chest and the bare flesh of her back against my hand, after so many sex free months got my dick stiffening straight away. Sylvia said Clive had told her all about me and I was more than welcome, especially as there was a shortage of men there that night. She thrust a glass of champagne into my hand.

Behind her I saw a large hallway decorated with a big sand coloured rug and inflatable palm trees. There was a crowd of guys in swim trunks and shorts, and women in bikinis and swimsuits, with more women than men. Denise was there in a blue and white check bikini so brief it was hardly worth the trouble of wearing. The women all looked late twenties to fifties, and most were attractive and with good figures. 

Under my shirt and jeans I was wearing the briefest speedo style light blue swim trunks I could get into. I stripped to my trunks in a room used as a clothes dump. The thin cloth showed the outline of my penis in perfect detail, with my knob all but peeping out of the top. I stepped out into the hall just in my bulging speedos and felt women's eyes lingering on me, like the times I've walked out onto a nudist beach. That felt good! I'd taken a viagra tablet before I set out so if it came to it I'd perform real well. It was having its effect and I felt as if I had a steel bar between my legs! 

As I wandered around, sipping champagne, chatting and ogling the contents of bikinis and swimsuits, it wasn't long before I scored. An attractive woman attached herself to me. She was I guess in her forties like me. Her neatly styled ear length dark hair and simple pearl ear studs made her look elegant. She was in a bright red one piece swimsuit, high at her hips, low cut in a deep V between big boobs with the cleavage held loosely closed by a bow that seemed to only just hold her breasts in. Her swimsuit showed off the sensuous curves of her good figure and her slightly incongruous but very sexy red high heels emphasised her shapely legs. As I ogled the view down her cleavage she told me her name was Suzanne and that she was recently widowed. I offered my sympathies. She laughed.

"He was a bastard." Then, looking at me over her wine glass, and with a mischievous smile she added. "But boy could he shag!" 

As she spoke she snuggled close to me her bare hip brushed against the bulging cone of my speedos over my rock hard erection. I glanced down and saw a wet patch had appeared where my trunks were taut over my knob. While I took that in she continued. 

"Shall we go for a dance?"

I'd noticed a blue lit room with music pounding out of its open door, through which I'd seen people dancing, all of them stark naked. Without waiting for my "yes" Suzanne took my hand and led me to the door of the blue lit room. 

Suzanne slipped her swimsuit right off in a single movement. She stood, now just in red high heels, slightly arching her back so her big breasts swung up and out, for just look enough for me to have a good ogle of her naked body. She had big round breasts that swung heavily as she moved, and a lightly furred sex mound between her legs. My erect dick nearly snapped! I slipped my speedos off and tossed them onto the pile by the door. Needless to say, my erection was almost vertical, hard up from my hairy balls nearly to my belly button. Suzanne pulled me in among the nude dancers.

Around me under the blue light I saw big breasts bouncing, flaccid penises swinging and hard up erections swaying stiffly. In the gloom the dark shadows of women's naked cunts, full bushes, landing strips and every style of pubic hair thrust rhythmically to the beat of the music. As they danced guys and women fondled each other. Erect penises beat against women's naked bodies. There were even a couple of gays rubbing their erect dicks against each other as they danced face to face.

Suzanne rested her hands on my shoulders as we danced together. She held me so close her nipples brushed against my chest and my hard up erection was pressed against her belly. My hands explored her breasts, waist and thighs, and slipped down between her thighs to fondle her mound. Her fingers lightly stroked my hairy chest and slid down my front to ruffle my pubes and tease my penis and balls. As she held me close and we swayed together to the music my penis head rubbed rhythmically against her belly. Some kind of aphrodisiac incense was smouldering, adding to the effects of the Viagra. 

A naked couple left the room hand in hand. As if it was a cue Suzanne snuggled even closer against me and over the pounding music I heard her suggest we find a bedroom. It was just in time. If we'd danced like that much longer with Suzanne's smooth soft belly stroking my knob I would have jerked my load over her front. We left hand in hand to look for a bedroom. Even with five or sex bedrooms in the place and so early in the party it took a couple of attempts to find one free. 

We finally found one, and straight away Suzanne pulled me down onto the big double bed. We had a long meaty romp. Suzanne was every bit as frantic with lust as I was. After months of celibacy and porn it was delicious to see a real live naked woman spreading her legs and thrusting her breasts out. It was exquisite to run my hands over soft smooth female thighs, breasts and buttocks, to kiss and lick nipples peaking with arousal, to run my hand between spread female legs and through female pubic hair, to kiss vagina lips, and to hear a woman's excited moans as I aroused her.

We were in 69 position with my face between Suzanne's soft thighs, her breasts swinging above me with her nipples brushing my belly, her fingers tickling my balls and shaft, me kissing and teasing her love lips with my tongue, and my penis head between her lips being massaged by her tongue. I could have taken any amount of that, and from Suzanne's excited whimpers so could she. But Suzanne rolled off me onto her back on the bed, spread her legs wide, slid her hand down to finger her pussy and said softly

"Please ... want ..." 

Her whole body quivered with excitement as she spoke. She reached up her arms toward me.

I was frantic to get my hungry cock up that juicy inviting slit, but I'd long before learned that time spent working a woman up hot and wild is always well spent! 

Kneeling next to Suzanne with my penis brushing against her naked body, I stroked her vagina lips and circled her clit with my fingertips the way my ex liked. As I did, I bent over her to kiss and lick her nipples. Suzanne was already excited and came quickly. Her breathing quickened to frantic pants, her hips thrust up, she gripped my thigh. Then as she came she beat her head against the pillow in her orgasm convulsions, and kicked out her legs as if she was wrapping them over a guy on top of her. All was to the accompaniment of a long, high pitched orgasm shriek, always the most erotic sound I've ever heard!

She lay on her back for a minute, panting, with her eyes closed and my hand between her legs cupped over her throbbing mound. Her eyes opened, her legs spread wide and folded up so her knees were near her shoulders and she reached up toward me. A moment later I was on top of her between her thighs, feeling her vagina lips against my knob. After months of solo masturbation and mere pictures of naked women my heart was pounding! Then I was in, full length, her warm well juiced vagina tight round my shaft, my bush against the fur of her mound and her arms round my back.

Years of shagging my ex and even more years of masturbation had taught me how to hold my cum back. I pumped Suzanne hard, holding back as her whimpering and her hands excitedly clawing my back told me another orgasm was rising. Her climax exploded, and as she squirmed under me with her heels against my bum trying to pull me further in she cried out

"Fill me! Fill me!"

I pumped her hard till moments later my cum rose. After days without wanking, my cock Viagra hardened and with the aphrodisiac fumes still arousing my body I yelled as a pulse of orgasm pleasure ripped through my whole body and exploded out through my jerking penis as I filled her with semen. To end my enforced celibacy with a shag like that was out of this world!

I lay on her for a minute or two, then rolled off her and lay beside with my flaccid penis flopped on my belly and semen trickling down my side. As we lay together we chatted about marriage, sex and life in general. We found we had a lot in common. Then we heard Sylvia's strident voice from down below:

"Party games! Come on everyone! Lets have some fun!"

I quickly got back into my speedos and Suzanne into her swimsuit and we went together down to the big lounge. Most of the party goers were there, some of them naked, and there was some pretty appetising female flesh on display. Sylvia was still in her see through pink swimsuit.

"Our first game's hand job heroes!" Sylvia announced. "I want two couples!"

Denise just in her tiny bikini bottom with her impressive top deck bouncing came forward pulling Clive in his swim trunks. Clive dropped his trunks, revealing a penis sticking straight out horizontally. He quickly undid the two little bows holding Denise's bikini together at her hips so her bikini fell away to display her dark landing strip of cunt fur.

"Come on boys and girls! Strut your stuff!" Sylvia yelled to encourage another couple to volunteer.

Another couple stepped forward hand in hand, accompanied by applause and a cheer from the crowd. Sylvia announced them as Sam and Christine. They looked thirties. Blonde Christine was leggy, slim, athletic and in a tiny yellow bikini. Sam was a huge shaven headed black guy in the briefest imaginable white thong bulging over his hefty sex kit. Sam slipped his thong off to reveal one of the biggest penises I have ever seen, smooth and hairless, bending up and gleaming under the lights. It must have been a nine incher, a good couple of inches longer than Clive's. I wondered how he'd get such a monster up a slim girl like Christine, but that was their problem!

The object of the game was that each guy's partner would hand job him to a cum, and the couple who squirted their load furthest across the rug was the winner. Sylvia got Clive and Sam to stand in a row with their toes on the edge of a big rug. 

Lube was allowed, and any technique for getting a good hard boner, but not cock rings. I saw Clive had a cock ring squeezing his balls. Everyone laughed as Clive moaned in pretended complaint as Sylvia removed it, treating Clive's cock to a penis stiffening fondle and kiss in the process. The two couples got going.

Clive stood spread legged and Denise tickled his bum, reached under him to stroke his balls from behind, fingered his cock and squatted in front of him to flick his knob with her tongue. With a sex bomb like Denise playing with him it didn't take long before Clive's cock was bending up with his nozzle pointing up vertical. From the start it was obvious that in spite of Denise's efforts she and Clive were on a loser against the firepower of artillery like Sam's. But from the look on Clive's face as Denise worked his cock up he didn't seem to mind! From where I was standing I could see the veins in Clive's shaft standing out and Denise's hand glistening with lube.

Christine just got straight on with wanking Sam, stroking and tugging his foreskin with her thumb and forefinger in a ring, and with her whole hand loosely round Sam's thick shaft brushing it as she stroked and tugged. She could only just get her hand round his massive rod. As Christine wanked Sam he slid his big black hand down her back to pull her bikini down and clutch her bum to pull her against him. He was grunting and growling loudly with pleasure.

Denise stood astride Clive's spread legs so her landing strip of pubes brushed his naked thigh. Clive played with Denise's cunt, bum and boobs while she wanked him. I couldn't keep my eyes off Denise's bottom quivering with the rhythm of her hand working Clive's shaft methodically full length. 

Clive came first, suddenly grunting as his hips shoved forward. His head flopped back with his mouth open, he dug his fingertips into Denise's buttocks as he gripped her bum. He gave a strangled cry and everyone clapped and cheered as his spurts of semen arched up and landed a couple of feet in front of him.

As I watched I stood next to Suzanne, gently fondling her bare thighs and tickling her up and down the valley between her bum cheeks through her swimsuit.

"Mmmmmmm!" Suzanne purred, rubbing her bare leg against mine. "I love watching men wank!" I could all but feel her hand round my shaft!

Christine and Sam were still going. Sam grunted loudly and rammed his muscular hips forward, pulling Christine with him in his orgasm thrust. Christine continued stroking Sam's huge shaft as his jet of semen shot nearly a yard out across the rug. To tumultuous applause Sam staggered back with his still half erect penis swinging stiffly with a strand of semen dangling from it. Sylvia handed them a bottle of champagne as a prize, then gave Clive and Denise a bottle too, as runners up. 

Perhaps after that I drank too much, or perhaps it was a side effect of the all pervading aphrodisiac incense but my memory of the rest of the evening is a blur. I vaguely remember dancing naked together with Suzanne again, my head squeezed between a woman's thighs with her pubic hair against my lips and the taste of her cunt juices on my tongue, a party game involving blindfolded naked women finding their husbands by going round feeling men's sex kit, and watching a hardcore porn video that gave me a night of incredible dreams. The rest is a blank.

I awoke with a pounding headache, the late morning sun streaming through a gap in the curtains in a bedroom I didn't recognise, and a rock hard "morning woody" up between my legs. I lay still with my eyes closed against the beam of sunlight for a while, enjoying the silence and the birdsong, and trying to remember what had happened. I heard a soft sigh next to me. There was just enough light for me to see a head on the pillow next me, with dark ear length hair and simple pearl ear studs. The head stirred, moved toward me and kissed my cheek.

"Good morning," Suzanne said, "how are you feeling?" 

Without waiting for my groan in response, Suzanne's hand slid across my naked thigh and wrapped itself around my shaft.

"Mmmmmmm! Already wanting more?" She gave my shaft a playful squeeze.

A blurred memory came back to me of me standing in front of a naked woman with my cock head nestling in her cleavage, masturbating over her breasts as I fondled them with my spare hand. I couldn't remember if the woman had been Suzanne. I hoped it had been. She was silent, dozing for a while, then she stirred and spoke.

"Tea? Then lets take a shower. You'll feel better."

Suzanne got out of bed with my eyes following every move of her naked body. There was tea making kit on a cupboard. She made two big mugs of strong sweet tea, which we drank in bed. Even better than that she found some aspirin. Then we were in the en suite shower together. 

My hands soaped Suzanne's naked body, lingering on her breasts, bottom and cunt. She soaped and lathered me, and licked the suds off my cock, balls, hairy chest and out of my pubic hair. I was rock hard erect by the time we tumbled out of the cubicle and Suzanne playfully pushed me back against the towel rail. I guessed what was coming!

I held onto the towel rail, spread my legs wide and thrust my hips forward. In the wall mirror I saw my glistening wet penis sticking up and out at sixty degrees. Suzanne squatted in front of me, with the mirror behind her treating me to a view of her bum and my hard up hungry penis aimed at her face.

Suzanne lightly stroked the inside tops of my spread thighs, right under me, my balls, and my straining shaft. She ran her fingers over my lust swollen sensitive knob, and deliciously around the ridge between my shaft and knob. She playfully flicked my penis head with her tongue and licked that so sensitive spot just under my penis head. She knew how to tease me to the absolute peak of sexual arousal!

She took the head of my penis into her mouth, squeezed it with her lips, and sucked and massaged it with her tongue. I was nearly crazy by the time her lips started on my shaft, squeezing as they slid up and down my length, sucking on the back stroke. Her head rocked rhythmically so far my pubic hair brushed her nose then back till her lips were just kissing the tip of my penis head. She'd lubed her hand with some cosmetic cream in the bathroom and her thumb and forefinger round my shaft followed her lips, stroking and tugging my foreskin. I ran my hands over her naked back, shoulders, arms and through her hair. 

Suzanne must have heard my grunt, felt my penis suddenly tighten in her mouth, or felt my hands gripping her shoulders to pull her against me. As my cum rose she slowed down, with her lips sliding just over that so sensitive ridge between shaft and head till I came, spurting my semen into her mouth. After I'd jerked my load Suzanne leaned back to release my still half erect penis from her mouth. With my own hand I wanked the last spurts of semen from my penis head onto Suzanne's breasts.

We dressed and went downstairs and found a buffet breakfast. A few others had stayed the night, including Clive and Denise who looked as sexy as ever in a top and skirt. Denise handed me a bottle of whisky.

"Its yours," Denise said. "You won the horniest hard up dick picture contest."

I'd forgotten that all the guys had been asked to bring a picture of their erect penis. Mine, showing my hard up boner and hairy balls in all their splendour, was still on the wall where I'd pinned it the night before with all the others. I gave it to Suzanne, in exchange for the nude picture of her pinned to the opposite wall with other pictures of naked women for the sexiest porn star contest. We wrote our phone numbers on the pictures we exchanged.
