 I couldn't understand Frank's fascination with swinging, threesomes, and the like. His erotic fantasies involved me with other men and women doing the most vulgar stuff. I really wasn't into that sort of thing but, he would always bring it up and encourage me to explore any sexual tendency I might have. He was very supportive and a considerate lover. For that, I was appreciative. 

Frank was my boyfriend of three years who was just starting his junior year at college. He was very muscular with a tight, firm ass. His long, blond hair was usually tied in a pony-tail. I loved the way his baggy jeans clung to his hips and the room it left for Frank's seven inch cock. I believed I was obsessed with his veiny package. The thought of holding it in my hand would instantly make me wet. It was the root of Frank's sexual hold over me.

There was never a shortage of people wanting to be with me. Frank would often tell me of one of his friends saying how hot I was, or how their girlfriends thought I was adorable. He would go into explicit detail of what he would like to see me doing to them or what they could be doing to me. We would be at a bar with his friends enjoying ourselves when things would get rowdy and Frank would whisper in my ear that so and so was looking up my skirt or that he saw me talking to Ms. so and so, and if I was hot for her. This would lead to great sex later but, we never did anything until that summer party we threw at my house.

My parents were away for the weekend and had agreed to let me have some friends over. Frank and I thought it would be a good idea to have a small gathering to play cards, listen to music, and just party. I took a shower after shopping for the party. I had bought new razors and shaved my pussy smooth. I had a girlish, petite figure which measured 34-22-34. I only stood 5' 1" and weighed 105 lbs. My long blond hair was often in a french braid which became a sexual toy for Frank. He would pull on it while fucking me from behind. This would cause me to orgasm with authority and scream till my throat hurt. I pulled my black thong up over my shapely legs, untucked my panties from my crotch, and adjusted the strings over my hips. A white halter slid over my pale, jutting breasts and I tied it behind my neck and back. Lifting my arms too high would cause the bottoms of my tits to expose themselves and under the right light, my areolas showed right through the thin fabric. My tight black short-shorts allowed my ass to hang out just a bit. I put my make-up on and went downstairs in my lace-up heels to greet the guests.

The party was a real good time for all. The alcohol was flowing and high-times was everywhere. I couldn't tell if I was more drunk or more high. My head was spinning as I danced and mingled with everyone. The music was loud and the air was smoky. I cautiously made my way out the back door to get some fresh air. It was becoming increasingly difficult to walk on these heels and my hips would sway obscenely with every step. I stepped into the cool, night air and my nipples hardened against my top.


"Hey Doll, got a cigarette?"

It was Kyle, Frank's buddy from school. He was built like a brick house. Kyle was staring at my chest as I pulled a smoke from my pack. He stepped closer to take the cigarette and we started chatting.

"So how's things going with you, Kyle?"

"Good. Good. I've been having a great time. You guys throw a cool party."

Kyle was getting closer as we talked. He leaned down, and with a low voice, said I looked hot tonight. I was pleased with his compliment. The buzz I had made me unalarmed at the turn this conversation had just taken. He slid his hands around my waist and started talking about how tiny I was. I giggled because his rough hands tickled my bare mid-drift. Then he kissed me on the lips. I kissed him back out of instinct until I felt his tongue in my mouth. I pulled away but he hugged firm. I could feel his hardness press against my belly.

"Stop Kyle. We can't. You know I am with Frank. I have a boyfriend and can't do this."

"Yea, but you look so good and you feel great. I just thought maybe you wanted me the same way."

"I think your very nice, Kyle and..."

His hand went up my halter and caressed my left boob. He pinched my nipple as I squirmed in his arms. It felt like electric shocks were zipping from my tits to my clit causing my head to spin. The combination of his hands and the alcohol, made my resistance weak. His other hand rubbed between my legs and I became damp. He sucked at the nape of my neck and gave me goosebumps. Again, out of instinct, I rubbed his cock and felt the intense heat coming from his desire. What was I doing? I tried pushing his head off my neck but his lips just kept on biting and sucking me.

"I can't cheat on Frank, Kyle. Stop, please. You gotta let me go. I need to get back to the party. This just isn't right, and you know that! Stop it, damn it!"

He gave me one last squeeze and flicked my nipple, then stood back. His breathing was rapid and I could see the large bulge in the front of his jeans. I couldn't believe I had just done that with Frank's friend. I pulled my halter into place and went back inside.

I found Frank in the middle of the kitchen playing Quarters with a bunch of people. Someone handed me a drink and said it was my turn. I missed and passed the quarter on to the next person. They made me drink quite a few shots and I soon forgot about Kyle feeling me up. The game caused me to get really drunk plus I smoked a little more. I needed to find the bathroom.

I stumbled up the stairs and into the bathroom. Samatha was already sitting on the toliet and I turned to go. She said she was almost done and I could go next. She stood and pulled up her white thong under her short skirt. I sat and immediately started urinating. Samatha washed her hands and was redoing her make-up in the mirror. I was hunched over, trying to be modest about my business.

"Oh my God! You shave too!" Samatha sireked, as she spun around and peered between my legs.

"Yea, Frank got me to do it and now I kinda like it."

I felt a little freaked talking about my personal habits and Samatha staring at my crotch. I could see down the loose top she was wearing. Her cleavage was in my face and I noticed the lacy, white bra she had on.

"That's so cool. Don't you like it when you get eaten and you can feel that smooth tongue on your pussy? Ummm, yea baby. That's what I'm talking about," she purred as she finished in the mirror.

I pulled up my shorts and went to the sink to wash my hands. My drunken state was obvious as I leaned down and began giggling to myself. Samatha smiled and walked out. I could barely see in the mirror if my make-up was acceptable. I gave up because I started to feel like I was gonna pass out. I made my way downstairs to the family room. 

It was still crowded as I sat on the couch and leaned my head back. There was probrably twenty people dancing to the stereo and sitting around partying. I guess I just fell asleep as the party wound itself down. People crashed everywhere and the lights were turned off. The stereo continued to play quietly. Someone had cuddled up to me on the couch with a coat thrown over us. I was pretty out of it.

I remember someone trying to pull my shorts down. I lifted my hips and they were off. My halter was gone as I laid naked underneath the coat except for my heels. People were sleeping everywhere and I could make out music in the backround. A finger stroked my clit and then slipped inside me. I don't think I noticed when they sucked on my tits. I just continued to doze as my legs were spread apart and a large person rested their weight on my chest. I felt pressure at my opening as a large object was trying to enter me. Before I knew it, Kyle was fucking me. I was moaning in my sleep as he mauled my breasts. His large cock slid in, to the hilt, as my legs flopped against his ass unconsciously. He had me completely stretched and was deep enough to hit my cervix. I still didn't realize I was being fucked. Everything was on auto-pilot.

Kyle started grunting and pounding into me. He threw my legs over his shoulders and grabbed my ass with his hands. With his weight on my legs, he could really jam his cock into me. My orgasm was building and I opened my eyes. It was dark and I couldn't make out who was fucking me. I was still drunk and half asleep. My body was out of control and I knew I was about to cum. Kyle was kissing me and I gripped the couch trying to brace myself against his thrusting. My pussy tightened around his cock and the pain of his large member made me peak. I muffled my cries trying to remain quiet as my orgasm ripped through me. Kyle's body stiffened against me and I felt him pull out. He came on my chest and belly with some quiet grunts of his own. I could feel the hot cream against my chilly, sweaty skin. He slipped from under the coat after another kiss.

"She's all yours." I heard Kyle say.

"Thanks. Go away. I don't want you watching. I'll tell you about it later," whispered Samatha.

She got under the coat naked and began to lick-up Kyle's cum. I could feel her soft tongue lap at my breasts. She was massaging my pussy with one hand as she masturbated with the other. She was licking my belly and my hips rose to her touch. I was letting her do these things but, only because I was intoxicated. I had never been with a woman before. She was at my smooth pussy, probing my swollen lips with her tongue. My juices flowed from my used cunt. I was panting as she frenched my clit and swirled her tongue around it. She must have climaxed as I felt her moans vibrate through my groin area. I was squeezing her head with my thighs and I quess she didn't notice Frank come up behind her.

I completely woke up to the site of my boyfriend fucking Samatha from behind. She was completely naked and her tits swayed heavily underneath her. Nobody in the room seemed to notice. She had her eyes closed as she was on all fours. Disorientation waved through me as her weight fell forward on me. She began kissing me and moaning from Frank stuffing his prick in her cunt.

"That's it baby, kiss her. Yea, you all are so hot. Jesus, Samatha. Your pussy is so wet and tight. Yea, keep kissing her. I love that. Love it."

"Fuck me harder. Ahhh, yes. Don't stop. Don't stop. Fuck, your man feels good. My pussy is so full," she breathed in my face.

He was thrusting into her with force and her breasts were mashed against mine. She had her hands in my hair and was tonguing me passionatly. I kissed her back because Frank wanted me too. I guess I was caught up in the situation. She began to kiss my nipples and feel up my chest as another orgasm made her cry out. I felt her juices drip on to my bare pussy. Frank pushed her head down into my crotch to keep her quiet. Samatha sucked at my sensitive clit and I felt her fingering me. She had her thumb in my pussy and a finger pushed its way into my butt. I always go crazy when someone doubles me down there. I was thrashing my hips into her face as Frank placed his dripping penis to my lips. I stuck my tongue out and began licking his cock. I could taste Samatha on his cock as I sucked it. It disgusted me and I gagged. Frank ignored my distress and continued shoving his prick in and out of my mouth.

"Suck her juice off it. Yea, that's it. That's my baby. Samatha is eating your pussy, Darling. I told you, you would love it. She's fingering your ass. You like that don't ya. Come here Samatha, I am gonna cum."

Samatha laid on me again and sucked at Frank with me. She was licking his balls as I swirled my tongue around his large, pulsating dick. I could feel her wet cheeks as she would press against my face trying to get some of Frank's dick. He pulled out of my mouth and shoved it into Samatha's. She sucked him right in front of me and I felt a pang of jealously. I still didn't realize the full extent of what had taken place tonight. She took much more of him down her throat than my small mouth was able. She bobbed her head up and down a few more times before Frank pulled out and shot his cum all over our faces. He jacked every drop out and I took his cock back into my mouth. Now, I could taste Frank's cum, Samatha's pussy and my pussy, from her sucking on Frank's dick. She cleaned up my face with her tongue and I grimanced because she used long, wet licks like a dog.

"Thanks. I really wanted you after I saw that pink, bald pussy. You are so sexy. Oh, and by the way, you and your man taste great," she said as she got up and left.

"Frank, what just happened? You fucked her right in front of me. I can't believe we just did that. And in a room full of people. Are you crazy?" I hissed at him as he curled up under the coat with me.

I was pushing him away from me. His arms wrapped around my small waist and my breasts pushed against him. I could feel his groin against my still wet pussy. He was whispering in my ear to be quiet and calm down. His breath was tickling my ear as his hands roamed my ass.

"I don't think you have the right to bitch after fucking Kyle. I saw you two outside. I also saw everything that happened on this couch earlier tonight. I couldn't believe you let him inside you. You were like a whore. It got me very turned on. Fuck baby, you just let everyone have you tonight, didn't you? Look at that hickey on your neck. Did Kyle do that when his cock was in your cunt?"

My hands fell away as images of Kyle pounding my pussy flashed through my head. I had let him fuck me and leave marks on my neck to prove it. That wasn't just a drunken dream. I was dumbfounded at the realization of the night's events. Panic washed over me and my stomach rolled with nausea.

"I'm so sorry, Frank. I didn't realize what was happening and he hit on me outside but I stopped him... and then he was just on top of me before I knew what was really going on. I am sorry. I feel so ashamed." 

I started crying as Frank kissed me. His cock slipped into my pussy and pushed upwards with ease after Kyle's monster had tore me up. We laid side by side on the couch as Frank began fucking me. The dampness in my pussy increased as he picked up his pace. He nibbled at my erect, pink nipples. I hugged him into my chest and wrapped my legs around his waist. He ground his pelvis into my mound.

"Its ok, Hon. You know I liked it. Just don't hide anything from me. Didn't you like it at all? Didn't you like Kyle's large cock in your tight pussy? Didn't you like Samantha eating you out. She had her tongue up your cunt, baby. I almost came in my pants when I saw that. I want you so bad and I'm not angry."

His cock moved back and forth through my wet pussy as I thought about what had happened. I thought it wasn't that bad since it had made him so happy. I would do anything for Frank as long as he loved me, and continued loving me like he did. Maybe, I thought. Maybe I could do it again.