 My wife Sonja and I have been in the swinging life style for about 4 years now. During this time, we have met other couples that have similar interests. We eventually gravitated towards a close-knit group of couples that all live within a relatively close proximity to us. For the past year or so, we have started holding private parties each month, alternating between hosting the get-together at each other's house. 

It was early Saturday evening and Sonja and I were getting ready to attend one those soirees at the home of another couple we had partied with on numerous occasions in the past. Dianne and Rob were not close friends but we did see them often. Dianne was gregarious and fun loving while Rob was a hard drinking party animal. 

Sonja went into the bedroom to shower and get ready for the function. She had bought a new outfit for the event and had been hiding it from me until tonight. She was busy putting on her make-up as I went in to take a shower and get ready. I got out of the shower and got dressed. I had decided to wear silk boxers, a loose fitting pair of black slacks and a blue satin shirt.

Walking out in the living room I poured myself a drink. Sitting down on the sofa my mind drifted off to the possibilities of Dianne and Rob's little bash. Sonja loves to tease and show herself off. She loves to wear sexy provocative clothing and give frequent accidental peeks of her tits and ass to lucky guys who happen to be in the vicinity. I love it when she shows herself off. It's an incredible turn-on and great fun and there was going to be lots of opportunity for showing off at tonight's erotic gathering where she can get the attention from the other men she enjoys and craves so much. 

We were well aquatinted with most of the people who attended Dianne's little gatherings. Like the hosts, most of them were avid partiers and pretty uninhibited. Dianne and Rob were always the leaders though. Somehow Dianne always managed to convince a few unsuspecting people into their hot tub. Once they were in, any swimwear was usually history in no time. Dianne and Rob were always the ones who really got the rest of the group going. 

I had drifted off into my thoughts when Sonja made her grand entrance to the living room. She walked around the corner in her new outfit and I nearly fell out of the chair. She had on a skirt that was nothing more than a piece of spandex that was large enough to curve under the cheeks of her ass and barely covered her pussy. She had on crotch less sheer panties under it. Her top was a very sheer loose fitting halter-top that draped around her breasts leaving most of them completely exposed. She finished it off with a pair of red 5" high-heeled shoes that tied up the calves of her long sexy black nylon clad legs.

She twirled for me and asked, "What do you think?" 

She looked at me smiling, "too much?"

I stood there with my mouth hanging open and just nodded approval like some village idiot. She looked at the bulge growing in my pants and said, "From the drool running down your chin and the bulge in the front of your pants I'll take that as a positive." 

"Ready to go?" she said. 

As we were driving to Dianne's I kept looking over at Sonja. She looked so sexy sitting there with her naked breasts and pussy out for my viewing pleasure.

She said smiling and looking out the window, "You better pay attention to the road or we will never make it to the party."

I still will never understand how women do that. They can act like they are not paying attention but know everything going on around them.

We finally arrived at Dianne's house. She opened the door looked at Sonja and said, "Wow Sonja you look great."

Dianne offered us a drink and said, "We have about two more couples coming so make yourselves comfortable while we wait for them."

We had just finished our drinks when the last couple arrived. 

It was a great party. There was about 10 couples there swimming in the pool or sitting in a huge living room talking. I had left the living room to get us drinks, and when I got back I found Sonja sitting on a couch talking with a very attractive woman. When I walked up, she kindly introduced me to Gabriella.

There was no doubting this woman was easy on the eyes. The first thing I noticed was her long dark hair seemed to match the tight little dress she had on. Nothing fancy about the dress but it didn't have to be. Her figure filled it out nicely, her breasts were stunning, and the outfit perfectly accentuated them.

Sonja stood up said she needed to go check on her make-up which is her code word for checking out and laying claim to the best hung men before anyone else does.

As she disappeared around the corner, leaving me and Gabriella sitting on the couch we started talking about anything and everything but especially about sex. It didn't take long and our hands began to gently explore each other's bodies. This petting slowly became more intense as no one was protesting it, so our bravery increased as we became more aroused by the contact. 

I began to rub her well-formed tits and I was rewarded when she moved her hand around to my crotch and she stroked me through my pants. I slid my hand up her thigh and under her dress pleasantly surprised by her already wet panties as my fingers began to slide in and out of her pussy.

I slowly leaned in towards Gabriella and brought my lips to hers. My dick was already hard from the attention my new partner had given it, an excitement that I could only describe as a tingle that went through out my whole body as she begin to increase the passion of her kisses.

At that moment in all her subtlety and lack of decorum Dianne announced it was time to get this party started and insisted everyone to gather in the combined living and dining room area to mingle and get acquainted.

It was a beautiful crowd of 20 people or so, each dressed in a distracting mixture of elegance and sultriness. The women were bubbly and outgoing with plenty of large breasts spilling out of low cut tops, clingy tops, bodies thoroughly hidden in satin, leather, and vinyl; others barely covered at all, in silk, and lace. All milling around in the dim light, being titillated by looking unabashedly at each other and feeling the eyes of everyone else in the room looking them up and down, seeing what they can and lustfully imagining all that's left unseen.

The evening progressed nicely with lots of booze, conversation and more than a liberal amount of flashing as everyone began to loosen up. Some guests were beginning to get over heated as they openly fondled and rubbed each other's privates oblivious to their public display. 

Dianne once again taking her role as ring master of this erotic circus to heart made an announcement, "Okay enough chit chat let's get down to business. This house is now your playground wander around and find a place that you like and start fucking, that is what we all came here for tonight. So all of you either fuck or go home." She then grabbed one of the guys standing close to her and promenaded down the hall to where the bedrooms were located.

Everyone paired off and made their way into other rooms throughout the house. I knew Gabriella was a little nervous, so I comforted her, letting her know that I was not going to rush her into anything. She seemed to relax a bit as we talked. I flirted with her, running my hand over her legs, and kissing her neck and cheek. 

We took our time walking through the house, peeking in on all the action. The first couple we saw was Tom and Karen. They were standing together, naked. Tom had his head between her huge tits as he groped at her full ass. 

In the next room, we found two couples. One was Will and Sharon. Will was standing up, as Sharon was sucking on his cock. When Sharon saw us, she pulled away from his dick. It was huge! It had to be at least a foot long, and very thick. Sharon smiled at us and went back to work on that monster. 

On the bed, in that same room, we saw my wife Sonja and Rob our host. She was busy giving her new best friend a blowjob. He was lying on the bed as she knelt between his legs. From where we stood, her ass was in the air, staring us in the face. I walked up behind her, and gave her a playful slap on the ass. She turned and blew me a kiss, waved to Gabriella, then went back to sucking off Rob.

He gave me a big smile, then moaned "You're wife is incredible!" 

At that moment Bill and Jenny strolled in to the room as if there was no one else there but them and proceeded to set up shop on the couch over in the corner of the room.

Jenny did a slow strip tease, hanging first her bra then her panties on Bill's erection. By the time she was naked, she was leaking cunt juice down her thighs! 

Dropping to her knees she took his head into her mouth and sucked Bill to a quick orgasm. He shot it down her throat, grunting loudly as his cum filled her mouth. 

Lying back on the couch with her legs spread wide apart, she begged, "Fuck me, please, fuck me hard!!" Needing no more invitation, Bill got between her legs and guided his big hammer into Jen's burning cunt. 

"Bury it," she ordered, and with one hard plunge Bill impaled her tight pussy with his huge ramrod! 

Jenny wrapped her legs around Bill's back and held on for dear life! 

While Bill was driving hard to his orgasm, Jenny was in the throes of a seemingly endless string of earth shaking orgasm! Her tight pussy gripped the big shaft, trying to draw it in even farther! 

Screaming, "I'm coming," Bill unleashed a torrent of goo into his new found fuck mate! Collapsing on top of her, Bill stammered between gasps of air, "You are unbelievable!!" 

All at once in the back ground we heard the sound of clapping and cheering! Standing in the doorway behind us was a naked Doug and Linda. "Bravo! Bravo!" 

I took hold of Gabriella's hand as we then continued down the hall. 

The next room was a large guest room. In it were a queen size bed and a couch. On the bed we saw the final couple; Manny, Gabriella's husband and of course Dianne. Dianne was lying on her back, as Manny ate her pussy. 

When she saw the scene in front of her, Gabriella squeezed my hand, either out of excitement, or anger; I wasn't exactly sure which. 

We looked over to see Dianne going down on Manny. It was quite a sight. I sat Gabriella down on the couch so she could watch she then pulled me over to her and my hands began roaming all over her body. 

I began to undress her removing her black dress, leaving her in only a matching blue bra and panties set. I kissed around her body, as she removed her bra, exposing her boobs. I sucked her breasts while I grabbed her panties by the waistband and pulled them down and over her legs and feet, leaving her completely nude. I pulled back to take in her incredible body. She looked amazing; so damn sexy. 

She then slid down to her knees and took me in her mouth. She really knew how to use her mouth. She was kissing and gently caressing my penis with her hands and her mouth, driving me insane. After much too short a time, I blasted my load deep into her throat. She pulled back from my cock and licked up every drop of cum from my cock.

I pulled her back onto the couch and I started kissing her around her pussy. I then started lightly licking up and down her lips. I then slowly inserted one finger into her; then two when I felt she was ready. She grabbed me by the back of the head and led me up her body, until my cock was pressing against her mound.

"Go ahead", she whispered, "Fuck me!" I reached down and placed my head at her entrance. 

She opened her legs eagerly and pulled me down by the hips. She reached between us and guided me into her hot pussy; her eyes glowed into mine with perfect lust and appreciation. 

I slowly eased my way in, an inch at a time. When I entered her, she let out a loud moan. I hesitated, and then continued easing my way in. 

Finally, my cock was enveloped by her tight pussy. For a full minute she just sat there with my cock buried right up to the base, using the muscles in her cunt to grip and relax around my dick! I had never had my penis in a woman who exercised so much control over those muscles or could use them to grip my cock as tight! After that first minute she started riding my cock...slowly at first and then with increasing speed.

After getting comfortable with the rhythm of my cock, she began thrusting up at me as I thrust into her. Her ankles locked behind my back. I got my knees beneath me, gripped a double handful of her soft, springy bottom and began fucking her with long, slow thrusts.

We fucked slowly and intensely. She held my face in both hands and licked it with broad strokes of her tongue. Her lips slid onto mine and her tongue thrust into my mouth with urgency. She uttered little mewing sounds and I knew then that nothing in the evening had touched her inner depths -- that I was about to do so. 

She smiled and whispered, "Ohhh yeah baby! Damn that big dick of yours works magic!" 

She must have rode my cock for at least twenty minutes while I was pinching her nipples and rolling them between my thumbs and fingers! 

She held me fast while she rotated her pelvis, grinding against me, seeking her orgasm. I held still and let her satisfy herself. "Oh, God!" she cried softly, "Oh, please! Please!!"

She plunged her tongue into my mouth as I felt her pussy spasm around my cock and she moaned into my mouth. She had one last mind-blowing orgasm and that triggered me! That was all I could take, and I let loose inside her. My cock rocketed jet after jet of thick, hot cum into her quivering pussy! 

As I blew my load into her tight pussy, she lay quietly beneath me until I had offered up my last load of man seed deep inside her. I then collapsed down on her. 

After recovering from the incredible fucking I had just received from the remarkable lady, we both sat up and looked across the room to see what Manny and Dianne were up to. 

I looked over just in time to see her mount him. It wasn't long until the fucking began to get a little more involved. Dianne was sitting straight up riding him hard. Manny looked at me and smiled.

Dianne continued to bounce up and down as she licked a couple of fingers then began to rub at her clit. She arched her back as she began to get more excited as Manny rose up and began to suck on one of her large breasts while squeezing the other. 

She soon was racing towards an intense orgasm as she pulled his head tight against her breast and bucked wildly against Manny's cock. He pulled her to him as he wrapped his arms around her and stated to pound into her hard and fast. "Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes...fuck me...fuck me...FUCK ME!!" screamed Dianne's as he fucked her harder. 

He grabbed her hair and pulled it enough to force her neck to be open to him and he began to kiss her neck as his thrusts drove deep into her and her breasts swung up hitting his chin until he gave a huge, hard thrust and let loose deep inside her. 

They both collapsed on the bed in exhaustion with smiles on their faces leaving no doubt they were more than satisfied. Dianne lay on the bed almost totally spent. Her hair was in complete disarray, her body was sweaty, and she was at a complete loss for words for the first time all night.

After a few moments the four of us pulled ourselves together and headed out of the room. As we passed through the hallway, no one was in the other rooms. 

When we reached the living room we found out why. There was a huge fuck fest going on there. The room was filled with the sound and smell of sex and an energy that that only a room full of horny people can generate. I took everything in at once - two threesomes, a foursome, naked bodies in every position imaginable all moving in a primal rhythm all desperate to fulfill their carinal cravings.

Everyone was fucking right there in front of each other. It was a mind blowing scene of perversion and debauchery that I could never have created even in the depraved depths of my own twisted imagination.

Rob was on his knees behind Sharon fucking her from behind and Andy was filling her mouth as Linda was licking her clit from below in the 69 position. 

Karen was on her back on the floor getting her pussy pounded by Will.

I saw my wife riding Tom, while Bill was filling her mouth with his huge cock. 

We weren't going to miss out. One by one, people started to separate, and then repositioning themselves having sex with a different partner.

Dianne and Manny did not hesitate to jump right in and were busy pounding away with other members of the group before I knew what was happening.

Similarly, with the exchange of only a few very sexually suggestive words Gabriella and Doug began fucking like two dogs in heat right in the middle of the floor. 

I was enjoying watching the whole scene when Jenny ordered me to come over there and fuck her. We were soon joined by Bill who had just finished fucking my wife but had recovered enough to have a semi erect penis that was clearly ready to go again.

Jenny was in the middle between us, and we were closing in like hungry sharks.

She slowly got down on her elbows in front of me and stretched her arms, lowering her head, moving her knees apart and her shoulders down which had the effect of raising her ass as if in offering. I moved round to take in the sight of her perfectly formed ass checks framing her puckered ass hole. Her pussy hung invitingly below, a hint of hair on her mound but otherwise smooth and inviting and open and full.

She looked at me with those huge doe eyes and then put her hands on the floor and raised her butt in the air. "You ready to bury that cock inside me?" She asked.

Happy to oblige, I got behind the sexy woman, and rubbed the head of my cock along her moist slit. 

I felt her tremble, and then started to push into her which I did in one smooth motion. She was extremely wet. Soon I had her narrow waist in my hands and my cock was sliding in and out of her. She immediately began to push back into me. In response, I grabbed her by the hips and pulled her down onto my dick.

She beckoned Bill over, and he boldly walked up to stand in front of her, presenting his own hard-on happy to let her suck on his cock. I watched with interest as Bill, positioned himself in front of Jenny and, gently but firmly, grabbed her by the hair and pulled her mouth onto his cock. Jenny obliged by sucking and stroking it with gusto.

She looked over her shoulder at me, smiled, and then leaned forward a bit, allowing me better access to her pussy from behind. Not being one to squander the opportunity, I pressed my cock deeper into her wet and very hot pussy. I could see the top of Jenny's head as she kissed and sucked at Bill's cock as I fucked her slowly from behind.

As I slid my cock in and out of her, I was able to look down and see my cock sliding in and out of Jenny, her perfect ass, her finely muscled back, and Jenny's beautiful body and lovely face.

She was on her hands and knees between the two strong men. I was fucking in and out of her from behind, while she struggled to accommodate Bill's large cock with her mouth and hands. With a cock in her mouth and another in her pussy, Jenny was in her own libidinous paradise. 

Soon all three of us were moaning with pleasure. Bill's pace began to increase and I heard Jenny order "Cum in my mouth!" 

When Bill finally shot his load, his orgasmic grunt was only rivaled by the sound of Jenny's ravenous moans as she tried to swallow every drop. 

Jenny was quivering now as my cock slid in and out of her pussy when her fingers made their way down to her clit. I continued to pound her from behind. I grabbed Jenny's long blond hair. With her neck tilted back towards me I leaned in and bit it, feeling the sweat from my chest mix with the sweat on her back. 
