 Author's Note: 

Most of my (something) Full of Pussy stories involve one man being serviced by multiple women. This is a slight departure from that formula. Emjoy! 

Enjoy! 

******************** 

Well, that was weird. Sexy – oh Christ, incredibly sexy – but very very weird. Jeez, where do I start? OK, I guess first I need to explain who I am and who Sherry is. That's enough weirdness for most right there. After the introductions I'll get to the strange evening I just had. 

My name is Parker. Yes, that's a first name. I had odd parents. Here, I'll prove it; my middle name is Crispin. WTF, right? You can't imagine growing up with a name like that. I guess I come by my strangeness honestly since my parents were chock full of it. I am twenty eight, I am an electrical engineer and I help maintain the power systems on all those wind turbines you see popping up all over the place. 

I am six one, one hundred and seventy pounds, and I am lean and mean. I run every day and I work hard to keep my six-pack. I am technically blonde but my damned cowardly hairline started retreating before I got out of college so I shave my skull bald. My beard comes in thick and sandy so I am constantly playing with variations on my chin and lip. The Fu-Manchu got me a lot of grief at work but it was fun while it lasted. Since it is germane to the story I don't mind telling you that a thick, healthy cock sprouts out of my groin and I am energetic and creative with its use. That's what Sherry tells me, anyway. 

Sherry is my girlfriend. She is a compact woman of five feet, two inches, a former gymnast and fitness freak like me. She isn't waifish but she's got this wiry strength that makes fucking her a hell of a lot of fun. Her breasts are smallish but I don't care – she is perfect. Especially her tight, hard little ass. Her backside is to die for, trust me. She dyes her hair black and has a few metal bolts through her flesh here and there. We don't have any tattoos yet but we are talking about making some great big skin art our wedding gifts to each other. Assuming we get married, of course. 

She may be on the way to being my wife some day but we are both a little too wild and free to really deal with that now. We are in a good place. The sex is mind blowing and we get along on every level. We even share the same kinks. 

We like ropes and straps, handcuffs and restraints, even a little leather and rubber on rare occasions. I guess you'd say we are into medium-core bondage. I think we are more arts-and-crafts about it than that crazy leather-bound-gimp-in-a-box stuff. The feeling of being restrained is hard to explain but it is intense. The mixture of being helpless and completely at the mercy of your partner is amazing. When she wraps me up in a wild web of soft nylon it feels almost like a hug. A naughty hug that ends in some light domination and some spanking or wax play or any number of other interesting things, but a hug nonetheless. 

We both indulge in tying each other up. We are both really anal, detailed people so we take our time and make the knots line up, the weave of the straps just so, the lines symmetrical - all that OCD stuff. We have tried taking artistic pictures of our work but it usually winds up being less artsy and more boobs-and-ballsy. Once one of us is tied down the other has their fun. We don't get violent or crazy or even much into pain. It's not an S/M thing. It's all about trust and lust. It is a powerful, passionate, intense feeling. 

With that in mind, you have to realize that it was by no means abnormal for Sherry to meet me at the door with a thick coil of rope over her shoulder and a wicked grin on a Friday night as I got home from work. I am down for that in a heart beat. I was sweaty and gross so I took a quick shower, but I was very enthusiastic when I came downstairs. We usually do this in the nude but I wore a robe just in case she had other ideas. 

"You know I want you all natural, tiger. Lose the robe." I let it drop to the floor and stood there for a moment in all my majesty...however much that is. Sherry liked it. Her rubber her filthy eyeballs all over my naked body with a wicked little grin on her lips. 

"You sexy bastard. Get in the dining room," she said. Cool. We hadn't used the table before. I stepped up on a chair and then sat on the table, naked and ready. Our table is actually really big, a rustic old farmhouse table we got at an auction in the country, so there was plenty of room for me. Hell, I think you can fit a big Amish family of twelve around that thing. I think our house was planned to have the open kitchen next to a little family room but we take up all that space with the big table. She had me reach out my arms and legs and she took her time wrapping me up at ankles and wrists, splaying me out in a spread eagle formation. She secured the lines underneath the table and pulled them tight, stretching me out a little bit. It wasn't uncomfortable, just firm. She's a pro at this. 

She slipped a blindfold over my eyes. That was not new, just uncommon Still, I was in no position to protest. We had a safe word if we ever needed it, but we had never come close. We didn't really role play so there was no need for it. Just as well, because after the blindfold came a small ball gag attached to a strap that she wrapped around my head. That was very new. I'll admit that I was a little concerned and a tiny sliver of panic flowed through me, but I had long ago learned to relax and trust Sherry. The gag wasn't terribly uncomfortable. She wouldn't hurt me and I was in no pain. I took long, deep breaths and relaxed, waiting for her to begin. 

But she didn't touch me. She didn't leave but she was doing something that did not involve me directly. She was moving around, putting something on the table here and there, going in and out of the room. I started to wonder what extra gear she had ready to use on me and that sliver of panic turned into a shiver of excitement. It sounded like she had something impressive planned. 

"I need to put this away for a little while," she said quietly, just before draping a light, thin fabric across my hips, covering my junk. It felt like silk, maybe. I was clueless and confused. 

The doorbell was a shock. It rang loud and clear and I flinched involuntarily, like you do when you are fooling around and the parents come home early. Of course I was immobilized so I'd have to trust Sherry to shoo them away. Still, the fear of being caught like that was palpable. How embarrassing, right? I'll own up to my kinks if somebody really wants to hear about them, but I'm not real fond of the neighbors seeing me tied down to the table like that. It's not the kind of thing you bring up at work or across the picket fence, you know? 

"Hi Donna!" Sherry was expecting someone? The sliver of panic turned into a spike. 

"Hi Sherry. Is he ready?" 

"Oh yeah. You will absolutely love the centerpiece. Come on in ladies." 

Come on in Ladies? What the fuck? 

When one sense is taken away, the others try to compensate. My hearing was sharp enough for Sherry and maybe two others, but there were too many moving bodies and chatting voices that flowed into the room. I lost track. I know now there were six women in total but at the time I couldn't tell. I caught snippets of conversations but couldn't follow anything, and I'm sorry but I can't put many names to voices here so you'll have to do your best to imagine it. 

"Wow! Sherry, nice job!" 

"I like this. Can you teach me how to do it?" 

"Can I look underneath? Just a peek?" 

"Damn! I wish I had one of those." 

"My God! I thought you were joking!" 

"Is he ticklish?" 

"Seriously, just a peek?" 

This went on for a while. Sherry opened some wine and glasses clinked and ladies giggled. It was a very strange experience to be laid out naked like that, but very exciting. After a few minutes my wife spoke up and took command of the show. 

"All right ladies, please have a seat." Chairs moved and they sat around the table. I felt like a pig about to be eaten at a feast. 

"Thank you all for coming to my little party. As you know, because it said so in the invitation, I am a distributer for Sexual Innovations, a company providing new and exciting products for your bedroom and beyond. I have a selection of our products laid out on the table. Sorry, the one in the middle isn't for sale. This is my first time hosting so I wanted to make a good impression." 

"Can I rent him?" Giggles flowed around the room at that. 

"Maybe. We'll talk later. But he is here for a reason. Some of these items can seem a little alien at first so I have my assistant here to help us with anything we might need. Don't be shy, you can touch him. He can't move at all." Fingers caressed me briefly from all sides, on my arms and legs, torso and chest. It was an odd mix of electric excitement and tickling, all from the finger tips of mystery women. 

"Can I touch his penis?" 

"Yes, Charlotte! Touch it already!" Tentative fingers brushed against my silk shrouded cock and it twitched at her. The giggles were a little throatier, lower pitched and quieter that time. 

"OK, did you get it out of your system?" 

I distinctly heard a sotto voce comment about getting it into someone's system. 

"Alright. So let's get started. Each of you has a selection of samples in the basket in front of you. Those are yours to take home. I do have plenty of other materials here that you can buy, and we can order anything out of the catalog and you've got one of those in your basket as well. OK? So let's start with the Erot-ibles, erotic edible massage lotions...these little bottles. The Erot-ibles come in many flavors like vanilla, cherry, chocolate, mint, I think one of you got a green apple, there are a few different flower scents available, um...rose and lilac for sure. Oh, all of them are in your catalog, page twelve." 

Pages flipped as they looked up the item in question. 

"They are perfectly safe for your skin, inside or out, and there are no peanuts or other allergens. They are all natural and organic and they come in two sizes." 

"Ooh, they have cinnamon!" 

"I have that one. Here." They passed the item across the table, inches from my skin. 

"Thanks. Ooh, that smells nice." 

"So, ah...Sherry?" 

"Yes Charlotte?" Her tone was very loaded. She knew what was coming. We all knew. 

"It would be really great if we could, you know, test this stuff out." 

"Yes, definitely," another voice piped up. "I mean, how do we know if it is worth it? It would really help me decide if I want to buy it if I could try it out." Whoever that was, she was laying it on thick and the implication was all over her tone. 

"Ladies, that's what he is here for. I encourage you all to try out the Erot-ibles on my assistant." 

I haven't said much about what was going on in my head through all this. Remember that sliver, that spike of panic? When the room filled with strange women it was a full-on freight train of adrenaline coursing through me. My heart rate was elevated and I strained at the ropes, but Sherry is good at her craft. I wasn't going anywhere. 

The cocktail of emotions running through me was like nothing I had ever felt. I was embarrassed, excited, scared, proud, turned on, worried, expectant – so many things raced through me. I was almost happy to have the ropes to hold me together. I managed to calm down when Sherry started her presentation and I was actually really proud of her for starting this business, and for keeping it a secret from me, but as it slowly sunk in to my thick skull that I was on the menu, so to speak, my heart started to speed back up. 

A drop of something cold landed on my right arm, inside the elbow. A warm tongue quickly followed as one of the ladies sampled her edible massage oil. Quickly, several more places on my body sprouted slathering tongues or smearing fingers – my leg just above the knee, both my nipples, my belly just above the waist on the left, and I could smell Sherry as leaned in to clean a few cold drops of oil from my neck. 

"Oh, look! I think he likes it." I was, rather literally, pitching a tent as my cock began to rise a bit. Hey, tongues do that to me. 

"Charlotte, how come you didn't go for his dick?" 

"We get to keep these, right?" 

"Right..." 

"So maybe I'll try it later." Chuckles surrounded me. 

"Riiight. So these are the little trial size bottles but if you want to order some you have two sizes to choose from. Feel free to trade amongst yourselves, of course." 

Some quick horse trading went on over and across me and then there was another round of wet spots and wiggling tongues. Hell, I could have made an evening out of just that, but Sherry had some ground to cover. 

"Alright, moving on. Next I'd like to draw your attention to the body paint. You each have a sample of the Edible Art body paints and a brush. This is a great way to add some creativity to your love making, whether you want to draw pictures on each other or write instructions or if you want to get nasty you can write really filthy stuff on each other. It comes off with a tongue or a shower and is fully washable so you don't have to worry about getting it on the sheets or clothes." 

"What sort of filthy stuff would you write?" a voice asked. The tone was genuine – she couldn't think of anything. 

"Oh, anything. Write 'cock whore' on your ass if you are twisty enough and let him read that while he is behind you. Or you could write 'cum dumpster' across your forehead. Be his little whore - and make some money – by writing dollar amounts on your body next to your naughty bits and make him pay for it. It doesn't have to be all triple-X nasty like that; you can play and have fun. Here, watch." 

Sherry opened her paint and in a moment the wet brush was crossing my skin. She was writing something on my chest, first on one side, then the other. 

"There. You can express your desires in so many ways. Try it." 

"The paint or the instructions?" 

"Yes!" 

A flurry of activity erupted around me as the ladies dug into their goody bags, opening their own little pots of paint. Before another brush could land on me, someone decided to follow the instructions painted above my nipples. 

"I'm just doing what the sign says," she said quietly to me. I think that was Donna, one of Sherry's closest friends. Fingers found my left nipple and pinched, then twisted. I grunted as the pain flew across me, but that's one of the things I like. Sherry and I both enjoy a lot of nipple play. 

"Well, I'm doing this because I want to." Another voice from my right announced. New fingers landed on my right nipple, this time pinching and then pulling. Another thrill and that warm flow of blood to my nipples as they swelled and hardened swept across me. 

Delicate paint brushes swirled across my skin, a gentle counterpart to the small pain in my chest. They only played with my nipples for a few short moments and then let me be. Sherry would have put a bit more elbow grease into it. They chatted as they doodled, laughing and tickling me. Somebody was making long strokes on my thigh, someone else was drawing a picture on my ribs, I think one nipple got a bulls-eye and another got a sunburst, and somebody was making tiny marks on my pubic region, right above my cock. I shave it all bare so she had no curly hairs with which to contend. Maybe I was getting some instructions? It tickled terribly and I squirmed a bit, as much as the ropes would allow. 

"OK, are we finished? The possibilities are endless with your edible body paint. Write instructions, write poetry, write nicknames for your bits and pieces, whatever you like. Now this stuff is not flavored aside from a little sugar so it is sweet, but it doesn't have all the varieties that the oil has. There are three sizes, one with three colors, one with six, and one with ten." 

"All right, so we have used our tongues and our minds and enjoyed some light foreplay, but sometimes you want something a little more robust. Am I right, ladies?" Cheers erupted around me and a surge of excitement ran through me. I was very excited to find out what came next. 

"I put this out earlier, before you all arrived. I expect none of you even noticed it. This is almost exactly what it seems to be, but there is a special quality you wouldn't know about. Watch." I had the feeling she was being deliberately vague so as not to let me in on the... 

YOW! 

A hot flash ripped across my chest and I pulled tight against the ropes, making the table jump a fraction of an inch. The women around me made vaguely alarmed noises and one of them let a tiny shriek escape before clamping her mouth tight. Of course I couldn't move, but the shock forced my muscles to clench, hard. Then I recognized it. We were old friends, in fact. 

"This is the Passion Flame. It is a candle, obviously, but it isn't standard wax. The candle is made of a special material that melts at a lower temperature, and the wick itself does the same. Hot wax can be an intense experience, but this lowers the pain threshold quite a bit. I did dump kind of a lot on him – sorry Parker. Here come a few more drops." 

I still jumped a bit as each fiery drop landed on my chest and shoulders, but I was prepared now. We learned the hard way about normal candles and we much preferred this item. Well , I sure as hell prefer it. The wax was hot enough to hurt but gentle enough to not leave marks you'd have to explain the next day at work. 

"Who wants a taste? Just hold out the back of your hands and you can experience the Passion Flame for yourself. It is intense, but it won't damage you. It is a lot of fun for when you really want to turn up the heat." 

I'm not sure how many took the challenge but fairly soon the candle play was over. I had a suspicion about what might be next. 

"Now we all like it hot, but after treatment like that sometimes it's nice to cool things down a bit. I'll be right back." She stepped into the kitchen and opened the fridge, or maybe the freezer, then came back into the room. 

"This part is easy to do without any gadgets. Everything you need is in the kitchen." I tensed in anticipation, and in seconds I was rewarded with a smattering of ice cold water drops across my belly. A sharper cold assaulted my left nipple as she applied an ice cube. The cold, hard cube moved across my skin for a few moments, then Sherry subcontracted the work. 

"Charlotte, would you do me a favor and cool off his naughty bits? We don't want him to get overheated." 

Charlotte must have taken the ice cube, because a moment later it was travelling around the base of my cock and down to my balls. There was a lot more finger than ice cube and that was quite a nice sensation. 

"As much as I would love for you ladies to buy a truck load of my products, never underestimate the power of the simple things. Ice is a wonderful change of pace when things get really hot. It should be a staple of your sexy arsenal. In fact I am going to assign some homework. The next time each of you ladies goes down on your man, I want you to do it with a mouth full of crushed ice." Yes please. I love it when Sherry does that. I wondered for a moment if Charlotte was going to do her homework 'at school,' but Sherry moved on quickly. 

"I'm sure all of you noticed how my assistant jumped when I used the Passion Flame. Imagine if your man were inside you when he did that. Personally, I like to use the candle when I have him tied down and completely at my mercy. What you see here is my own knot work and that takes some practice, but if you would like to try this concept yourself, Erotic Innovations has a much more elegant solution." 
