 I really didn't like the idea of going out so soon, but my body was hungry. I also loved watching Megan and Kevin together. I sighed and took Megan's arm. "You first." I said and led her to the bathroom. 

"I'm going to call for more towels or hunt down the cleaning personnel, whichever seems appropriate." I said as the bathroom door opened.

Megan gathered up the damp towels from earlier and the used ones from the day before and handed them to me. "Yeah, I suppose we do need some more. These are never going to dry at the rate we seem to be using them." She snickered.

I said, "I'll see what we can do. There are still two dry towels so use those when you get out. I'm sure they won't have any problem with giving us some more if I ask. The staff already know there are at least three of us here and I mentioned that there may even be another person joining us." I glanced at Megan one last time. I could see that her cheeks were still pink, and her legs were still a bit weak. I closed the door and smirked. I was extremely happy that Kevin was here with us now, and even more so that everyone was already having a great time. 

I got on the phone and called the hotel House Keeping line and asked for some more towels in various sizes and for two extra blankets. The woman on the other end said she would have it brought up within the next half hour. I told her that if no one answered the door, that they could be left in the room, on the table in the hall. She said that would be fine and that I could leave the used towels in the sac just outside the door to be picked up.

After I hung up the phone, I gathered all the towels again and stuffed them in the sac I found in the hall closet. The sac was clearly marked for towels only. There were two other sacs in the closet that I hadn't noticed earlier. One was for sheets and blankets and the other for the laundry service. After I put the towels in the bag, I left it by the door. I was not going to put them out now, I was still naked and with my luck the door would lock behind me. 

I walked back to the bedroom where Kevin was still lying in bed. He was awake, but still too comfortable to move. He saw me walk in and he lifted the covers. I climbed into the bed and moved close to him. Kevin wrapped his arms around me and held me close. We both waited silently for Megan to finish showering.

After the water was turned off, Kevin kissed my cheek and began to nudge me off the bed. I reluctantly slid out and headed for the bathroom. I waited until Megan opened the door, and said, "Kevin's still in bed, still lying in bliss I'm sure. When I'm done he's going to shave and shower. After that we'll all head over to the pub for a bit, and see what happens there." After a few moments pause I said, "Put your towels in the bag by the door when you are done. Someone will be up in a little bit to pick them up and give us clean ones, plus a little extra."

"Okay, I'm going to grab my clothes and get dressed. If you want you can do something with my hair again. I'm not sure what, yet, but I'm sure you can think of something." Megan stated and smiled.

"Yes, okay, I'll put it up for you." I said and gave Megan a hug. I whispered in Megan's ear as we embraced , "You know how much I love being able to see your beautiful face." 

I watched Megan turn and walk towards the main room, to the desk where her bag still lay. Her hips swayed gracefully and I had to turn away, watching her naked made my heart flutter. I knew that if I kept watching her we'd never make it out of the room.

I closed the door to the bathroom and turned on the water. When the temperature was just right I hopped in and thought about some of the possible scenarios for later when we got back. I snickered audibly in the shower, I wasn't able to help myself. I felt my cheeks getting warm and my chest was nice and pink as I thought about Megan licking my...

*Knock knock*

Damn it. *sigh* My thoughts disturbed I answered... "Yes?"

Kevin poked his head in the room as I moved the curtain aside. " Can I shave while you're in here?" He asked.

"Sure, I'm not going to be in here long anyway." I answered.

Kevin began to fill the sink up with water and I turned back to my shower. I washed thoroughly and turned off the water. Kevin handed me my towel and finished shaving. By the time I was all dried off Kevin was getting into the shower. 

Kevin washed up, taking his time. He also shaved the hair he had below the belt. Since he enjoyed his women shaved, he returned the favor. After getting out of the shower and dressed all three of us converged in the central area of the suite to talk about where we were going and who was possibly coming back. We told Kevin more about what had happened at the pub the night before. He just laughed and told us that he didn't have a problem with Brian joining us if he wanted to, as long as he played by the rules. 

Once everyone was on the same page and ready to go, we all head out. We were all giddy and looking forward to seeing Brian again. I had a few thoughts about the evening, but I kept them to myself. I still wasn't sure if Brian was the right person to be bringing back. Our meeting was brief and I wanted to be sure he was decent enough to become involved with such things. I also didn't want to put Megan in an awkward position considering she lived here and Kevin and I were just visiting. 

As we were walking down the hall, the elevator doors opened and we saw our towels and blankets arriving. I quickly went back to the room and opened the door. I was happy they came when they did, it was one less thing I had to worry about now. The house keeping woman put everything on the table in our room and left quickly. I made sure to put the Do Not Disturb sign on the door, and made sure it locked behind us. Then once again headed back out. We all thanked her and took the elevator down to the lobby. 

Kevin drove the rented car as Megan gave him directions back to the pub. The pub was not very hard to find at all and not too far away from the hotel. We arrived, and got out of the car. After Megan closed the door she turned and looked at me. "Do you think he's here tonight?"

I laughed, "I don't know but if he is you're in trouble." I took Megan's hand and pulled her towards the pub. She didn't resist, but I could see she was excited and a little nervous. Kevin opened the door and followed us inside. The pub was lit up in soft light, and people were talking in relaxed voices. Megan and I looked for Brian, but we didn't see him. 

A pretty young woman greeted us and asked how many people we had in our party. Before I answered her I asked, "Is Brian working tonight?"

The woman said, "Yes, he's in the back right now."

I glanced at her name tag, and replied, "Well Susan, we were in last night, had a great time, and we'd like to be served by him again if that's possible. There are three of us tonight." 

Susan smiled, "That's great, yes I'll seat you all in his section. He should be back out in a minute or two, he's just getting back from his break."

"Wonderful." I said and gave Susan a smile. She led us to the back of the pub, and seated us next to the table we had the night before. We thanked her, and she walked back to the front to greet more people as they came in. As she walked away I caught Megan and Kevin watching her leave. 

"Maybe we can bring back two people." I said and giggled.

They both looked at me and laughed. Neither said anything, but the short silence after made me think they were both considering it. 

Susan was right, we didn't have to wait long for Brain to come back. He headed in our direction, checking on another table before arriving to ours. He said hello and then paused. 

"Hello Brian, it's good to see you working tonight." I said, unable to hide my sly smile. I saw Brian look at me then to Megan, and then to Kevin. I would have given money to know what he was thinking at that point.

Both Kevin and Megan said hello too. Brian was still a little shocked to see Kevin, but quickly recovered and said hello. He went over his routine about the special for the evening and asked what we'd like to have served for drinks. After he finished I said, "Something sweet." I looked at Megan. Brian's glance followed mine. Megan looked down, and Kevin cleared his voice, trying not to laugh I guessed.

We ordered drinks and Brian left the table to get them. "Really have to love these long table cloths." I said as I smirked at Kevin. Megan's eyes got wider suddenly, not sure if I was teasing or if I was going to act.

Megan was stuck in the middle, between Kevin and I. Kevin wiggled his eyebrows, knowing what I had done the night before. I figured it was Kevin's turn to tease Megan, at least for now. She and I had both put on skirts, and loose tops. She had even worn a cute butterfly thong, that matched her top. I remembered seeing that same thong at her store. It had lace on the sides for the wings and the body was thin, just covering enough to be semi-decent. 

We talked about going on a little hike through some of the trails sometime during the week. Megan mentioned that there was a nice stream and a decent view, of the other side of town, if we took one of the trails. We agreed that a hike and a camera would be a great combination for later on. 

Brian returned with our drinks and asked what we'd like to order. 

"Well," Megan said, "what would you suggest?"

"Umm," Brian began, "try the soup, it's delicious and I can bring you bread if you'd like."

"Okay, I'll try the soup." Megan said.

"What about you?" I nodded to Kevin.

"I'll try the baked chicken and the vegetables" Kevin answered.

Brain looked at me. "I'll try the chicken as well, and what time do you get off tonight Brian?" I asked.

Brain paused and looked over the table. "Umm tonight I think I work until one."

"Ooh that late huh?" I paused, "Oh and the bread sounds good too." I said. Megan nudged me with her foot under the table. I looked at her, her eyes still trying to focus on anything but Brian. 

"Hmm, and Brian" I said, catching his attention when he finished writing down the order, "please tell me you don't have any plans for tomorrow evening."

At this Brian looked at Kevin, who was sitting quietly as can be. Kevin just returned the look, but didn't say anything. Brian turned back to me. He didn't know what to say. He seemed to be a bit confused, and unsure about what was being asked of him. So, I saw a bit more blunt.

"You see Brian, my husband and I are here in town for a visit with our good friend here. We are wondering if you'd like to join us in some more fun we have planned. As I'm sure you remember from yesterday she is one tasty treat and three just isn't the correct number for tomorrow tonight." I stopped, and waited for it to register in Brian's head.

"Tonight I have to work really late." Brian said with an almost sad look on his face.

"Well, tomorrow night we have a date. Agreed Brian?" I said, more of a statement than a question.

"Sure, tomorrow night sounds great. I get off work at eight." Brian looked over at Kevin again, still not quite sure if that was the correct answer or not. 

Kevin looked up and smiled, then turned to Megan. She was turning red, her cheeks were flushed and she was fiddling with her spoon. Kevin was pinching Megan's nipple. Brian watched and slowly smirked. 

"I will agree that she *IS* a tasty treat." Brian said and walked away.

Brian brought us our dinner, we ate and gave him the information he needed for the following night.

After we were completely finished we headed back to the hotel. I drove the car while Kevin and Megan sat in the back. Most of the way I could hear quick gasps and short moans escaping from Megan. I could also hear low purrs coming from Kevin as he continued to tease Megan's nipples.

"You know, it may be a bit more roomy if you could wait to get to the hotel" I commented while trying not to laugh. I was still a little disappointed that Brian couldn't join us, but I was happy it was planned for the following evening.

We pulled into the parking lot of the hotel and I had to tell Kevin and Megan they needed to fix their clothes a little before they got out of the car. It was still early enough to encounter all types of people in the lobby. 

We took the elevator up to our room. Once inside the fun began again. No sooner was the door closed, Kevin took hold of Megan's wrists with one hand and with the other he took hold of her skirt. He pulled her over slightly, making her lean against the hall table as he kissed her. He paused only for a second to remove her top. I picked up the towels, placed them on the couch, and sat down in a chair to watch Kevin's next move.

Silently Megan watched as Kevin sunk to his knees before her, his hands still holding her skirt and legs in place. He lifted her skirt and kissed her panties right over her pussy lips. They were soaking wet. She gasped at his touch, and she might have become wetter – but it was difficult to tell at that point. He opened his mouth and covered her pussy with it, still teasing her over the thin material. He kissed and licked at her. He could clearly taste her juices in the sopping wet panties. He wiggled his mouth over her pussy, rubbing his jaw and lips against her most sensitive area. He was dying to lick her bare pussy, but he wanted to tease her. He sucked her panties, along with her lips, into his mouth.

Megan's hips rocked forward and back, with the motions of his mouth. She closed her eyes and gave way to his wanting. Gently he slid a finger just under the side of her panties, slowly moving them aside.

Kevin's tongue snaked out and quickly licked her from the bottom of her slit, up to the top. "Ohhhh..." she gasped as pleasurable waves shot up her body, her previous thoughts forgotten. He could taste her flowing juices, and he wanted more. He kissed her pussy lips. She shook at his touch. He slipped his tongue in between the petals of her sex, sliding it as far inside her as he could.

She sighed, opening her eyes so she could watch him lick her velvet box. She could see his mouth pressed against her pussy, and she could feel his tongue wiggling around inside her. Kevin sucked her pussy lips into his mouth, holding them there as he ran his tongue up and down them, intentionally staying away from her clit. He slowly let her swollen lips slip out of his mouth.

She gasped, tightening up. He lapped at her tiny nub once again, his hands still holding her hips. He gently sucked the little button into his mouth and held it trapped between his lips. He suddenly ran his tongue back and forth across it as he sucked. He moved quickly, pulling off her soaked panties, and her skirt and threw them aside.

She was squirming violently beneath him as he lapped at her clitoris faster and faster. She could feel an orgasm building, and she rushed to embrace it. 

"Oooh...." She groaned, her hands darted forward, grabbing at the back of his head and pulling his face forward against her pussy as an orgasm exploded within her. Bolts of ecstasy shot up and down her body as she came.

He kissed her sexy thighs and her pussy again. He then began to kiss along her smooth belly, briefly licking at her belly button. He pressed his lips on her skin just beneath her bra, as his hand reached up and slowly eased her straps down. Gradually, the cup of the bra slipped off one of her breasts, exposing her hard nipple. He licked at it, and then sucked it into his mouth. She sighed again, feeling the top of his hard cock brush against her thigh. He reached underneath her arms and unsnapped her bra. Unstrapped the bra slipped down her arms and off of her. Kevin let it slide off, onto the floor. She was now completely naked.

Megan reached down and felt his cock. She was just now fully conscious of how rock-hard his cock was in her hand. She sat up and leaned forward, pulling his cock towards her lips. Megan's hair was tied up and he had a clear view of her tongue snaking out and slowly licking along his thick shaft. Her tongue began to trail around his head. She kissed it softly, slowly, allowing her lips to linger a moment on the sensitive skin of his helmet. Keeping her lips pressed against it, she opened her mouth and slowly eased him inside sucking gently.

"Ohhh..." he moaned as he watched his member slowly disappear into Megan's mouth. She pulled as much of it as she could inside, not stopping until she felt his hard tool poking at her throat. Her lust filled eyes looked up at him again as she held him in her mouth, her lips stretched around his thickness. She slowly slid her lips back, pulling him slowly out of her mouth. Her hand stroked him again as she kissed the top of his erection. She opened her mouth and took him inside, quicker this time, satisfied by his soft moan. She began to bob her head back and forth, eagerly. She sucked hungrily on his mighty cock, as her hand stroked his shaft.

Kevin loved watching his penis disappear into her beautiful face over and over like that. His cock was covered in her saliva and it glistened in the light each time she slid it out of her mouth. She took her time, slowly running her lips up and down his slick shaft, her small hand cupping his balls, gently pulling at them as she pulled away from his body. His moans telling her he was enjoying it all.

I quietly removed my own clothes and slowly slid off of the chair, moving behind Megan. I dropped to my knees and ran my fingers across her shoulders and down her back. Her body was hot, and still tense. She moaned softly as I gently ran my hand under and over her sex. I gently moved her lips apart and slid a finger into her hot pussy. I left her bud alone, for the moment, just wanting to feel her honey drip over my fingers.

I pressed my body against hers, and slowly rubbed my breasts across her back. I heard another moan escape her lips as I leaned forward and tugged gently on her nipples. She released Kevin's cock from her mouth. He quickly changed his stance slightly, trying to keep his balance while standing.

Megan stood up and stretched. She kissed me softly, and moved beside Kevin. She took his cock in her hand and gently pulled him in my direction. I quickly leaned forward and took his thick cock into my mouth. Kevin knelt down, both of us now kneeling on the soft rug. Megan walked behind me and began to rub my pussy as I had done to hers. She cupped my sex in her hand, gently flicking at my button, then slowly pushing a finger into my own hot pussy. I was already wet, rotating my hips as her fingers spread my hot stickiness across my pubic bone and over my mons. I pulled Kevin's cock deeper into my mouth, digging my nails into his sides as Megan thrust her fingers deep inside me.

Kevin's cock swelled in my mouth, growing thicker still. His balls heavy once again, wanting to empty into my waiting mouth. I didn't however get the chance to taste him at this point.

Kevin pulled me up off my knees, and led me to the larger bedroom. He pushed me against the end of the bed, and kissed me passionately. I saw him glance over at Megan and smile. I didn't want to know what she had in mind so I closed my eyes. Kevin turned me around and bent me forward over the bed. He began to tease my pussy with the tip of his cock. I pushed back against him, my body pleading to be fucked. My honey dripped over my mons, and Kevin feeling how wet I was quickly slammed his cock deep inside me. I moaned loud, and quickly covered my mouth. 

I felt Megan's body close to me on my side, but I kept my eyes closed. I wanted to feel more than I wanted to see. She had grabbed a toy, I heard a humm. As Kevin fucked me from behind Megan held a vibrator against my clit. She moved it from side to side over my bud, causing my hips to buck, and making Kevin's member dive even deeper inside me. She gently pushed me farther away from the bed and knelt under me, flicking at my bud with her tongue as she held the toy higher against Kevin's cock. She licked at me and moved the vibrator over my clit. The added vibration and sensation of her tongue intensified both Kevin's and my own pleasure. 
