 After our sex session at the Laundromat, Steve, Tom, and I became great fuck buddies. Every time any of us wanted a nice, dirty time, we just called each other up and met up. Usually it was at their place or mine. However, lately, we have been meeting for drinks before hand or hanging out at a club for a while before returning to one of our apartments to fuck. A lot of the time it was just me and Stev because Tom worked a lot, but we still had dirty 3-way fun at least once or twice a month. 

One night, Steve called and said that Tom had met a guy at the bar where he works who told him he had just moved to the area and was having trouble meeting people. The guy's name was Dustin and he was from New York. 

"So?" I asked over the phone, "What does that have to do with me?" I wondered.

"Well," Steve answered, "Tom got to talking to the guy and he told him about you and our...adventures. This guy, Dustin, said he liked to smoke weed and he'd love to meet you. It sounded like he was up for a good time. What do you think?" 

"Hmm..." I said, thinking, "What does he look like?" I would only be up for adding anothe rman to the equation if he was hot, so I had to ask.

"Well, why don't you come over and see? He is here right now and I think you'll be pleasantly surprised," said Steve.

I thought about it for a minute. I had never fucked around with THREE guys at once but the idea made me hot. Steve and Tom were amazing and it would be so arousing to fuck another guy while they...helped. I made my decision and told Steve I'd be over in half an hour.

When I arrived at their apartment I was wearing a black bikini (we lived by the beach) and a little mess see thru dress over it. I had bare feet and my dark hair was up in a messy ponytail. Tom answered the door with a beer in his hand and said to come on in. 

"Hello, I'm Dustin," said a taller, dark skinned man who got up off the couch. He had a muscular body and looked to be South American. He had on board shorts and no shirt. I was very pleasantly surprised!

"I'm Raynne," I told him, giving him a hug. 

"I've heard a lot about you," He said with a smile. Damn this guy was hot! I couldn't wait to have his cock up my dripping pussy.

"All good, I hope," I said, smiling back. "Why don't we sit down and have a smoke?" I asked, moving towards the large couch in the middle of the room. All three men sat down, and I was between Dustin and Tom. Steve sat on the coffee table in front of me, facing us. I opened my purse and pulled out a joint for us to smoke. After I lit it and puffed I passed it to Dustin.

"Nice," he said after a big hit. He passed it along and we continuedto flirt until we were all giggling and high. Dustin started touching my hair and putting his hand on my knee. 

"Hm it's really hot in here, do you want a popsicle?" Steve asked. I said yes and he went into the kitchen. While he was gone Tom and Dustin started touching me all over and they took off my little dress, leaving me in a string bikini. Dustin kissed me and untied my top, letting my swollen tits pop out. My nipples were hard and begging for touch. Dustin noticed this and cupped one of them in his hand (as best as he could, I am pretty well endowed!) and then Tom took the toher in his mouth. I moaned as he sucked and nibbled. 

"I see you have started the party without me..." I heard Steve say as he returned with a red popsicle in his hand. He sat down in front of me and Dustin and Tom let go of my breasts. Steve took the cold popsicle and touched the tip of it to my left nipple. I squeeled. Then he touched the tip to my other nipple and traced it down to my belly button. It left a little red juicy trail which Dustin quickly started licking off. In no time I was completely naked and the posicle was being pushed in and out of my pussy and rubbed against my clit by Steve. Then he would pull it out and Dustin or Tom would suck and lick my juicy slit. I moaned in pleasure and squeeled at the cold. 

Steve held the popsicle close to my face while Dustin's tongue slipped in and out of me and Tom's hands kneeded my sticky tits. I grabbed the half melted posicle and started seductively sucking on it and moaning. Steve took the hint and unbuttoned his shorts, revealing his stiff dick. He moved closer so I could take it in my mouth. When I tasted him I could also still taste the posicle, so it was extra good to suck him. 

Dustin was really going crazy eating my pussy and I was starteing to moan while sucking Steve's huge dick. I was almost cumming when Dustin stopped and said, "I have to fuck that pussy!" And he took off his clothes. I was ecited to see another huge cock before me. Tom stripped down too, revealing his hard-on. Steve was still really into the blow job I was giving him so I kept sucking and holding his balls. He was pressed against my face and his cock was almost down my throat. I sucked hard and slow, feeling him grow and hearing him moan. Then I felt Dustin's hands on my stomach, moving me into a position so that I could straddle him while he laid on the couch.

"I like the girl to be on top," He said as he moved so that I was on top of his hard dick, the tip of it almost inside my hot, wet hole. I felt Steve's cock tightening up inside of my mouth and he thrusted harder into my face. I moaned and Dustin pushed his thickness up into me. I was so wet that he slid right in, even though his cock was probably the thickest cock I'd ever seen. It felt so good that I almost screamed. 

Tom's hands were on my back and I could feel him smearing lube all over my ass and then reaching up and grabbing my tits with his slick hands. He ran his hands all over my body until I was almost covered in lube. I was wet and slippery all over and it felt so good. Steve's cock thrusted harder into my face and I started bouncing up and down on Dustin, moaning and breathing hard. I gripped Steve's hips with my hands and dug my fingers into him. he moaned and started bucking his hips. I ground my clit against Dustin as his huge cock hammered my tight little pussy. Just then, I felt Tom slam his whole dick into my ass. He must have used a lot of lube!

I screamed and moaned as he pounded my ass and gripped my hips. Dustin got into the same rhythm and they both fucked me so hard I screamed and orgasmed over and over again, my juices dripping out of my and covering my legs. My body was wet and slippery and I felt so filled with cock. 

"I'm gonna cummmm," moaned Steve as I continued sucking on his dick and bouncing up and down. My tits shook and my pussy and ass felt like they were on fire. Steve stuck his dick into my throat and thrusted hard, releasing a huge spurt of cum into my mouth. I swallowed fast and hard and his dick shot another spurt onto my breats after he pulled out. I was soaked in lube and cum and the other two guys kept fucking me.

"Do it harder!" I screamed in pleasure when my mouth was free. Stev sat back and watched both men impale me with their huge dicks. He could hear the slippery noises and each of them slipped in and out. They grunted and moaned and punded into me with furious desire. Tom was the first to cum, filling my ass with his hot juice. When he pulled out, Dustin came inside my pussy. I moaned in a simultaneous orgasm as he released his load deep inside my hole. My legs were still splayed open when he slid his fat cock out of my dripping pussy. Steve's dick was noticeably hard again from seeing that display.

"Are you up for one more cock in that hole?" He asked, pushing me forward so he could enter me from behind. I got on all fours and smiled, saying I'd love another hard dick up my aching cunt. He grabbed my tits and pinched my nipples hard while he mounted me from behind. I felt the tip of his cock against my swollen pussy lips. He was so hot I thought I would burn if he stuck it inside me. 

"I am gonna fuck you so hard you are gonna scream!" He announced. Tom and Dustin caught their breath and watched as Steve rammed his dick up into me. I gripped the arm of the couch and pushed my ass back against his hips as he fucked me. I could feel his balls slapping against me as he thrusted in and out. His hands still firmly gripped my wet tits. I moaned and pushed myself in rhythm with his thrusts. His cock grew to its full 9 inches while he reamed me with it. He kept going and going, making me scream and cum, but he still thrusted in and out for another 5 minutes. I felt cum seeping down my thighs and lube all over me. I was so wet and slippery I felt like I was under water.

"Ah!" I screamed, "Fuck me hard, Steve, stick your dick up my wet hole until I scream!" I was so turned on that I said the dirtiest things. Tom started talking dirty from his watching post, too.

"Yeah," He said as he stared at Steve's prick furiously fucking my cunt. "Stick it up her wet little pussy! Do it hard, grab her tits!"

"MMM," I moaned and then screamed as my body shook with another orgasm, making my hold even hotter and wetter for Steve's enjoyment. Finally, he buried his stiffness all the way inside of me and pressed against me, shooting another wad of cum deep inside of me. He thrusted a couple of times and released me, laying me face down on the couch to catch my breath.

Dustin reached over and fingered my dripping pussy, pinching my clit and rubbing my tits. I felt another electric shock run through me as he stick all four of his fingers into my slit and started finger fucking me. These guys couldn't get enough! He pressed on my clit with his thumb while he thrusted the rest of his hand up my wet hole. It felt so good and I orgasmed again, bucking my hips against his hands and closing my eyes. He noticed and pulled his hand out.

"Anyone up for the jacuzzi?" Tom asked.

We all followed him onto the balcony for more fun. 
(Stay tuned for part 2!)