 The call came on Monday afternoon.

"We can discuss everything over coffee. Are you free tomorrow, say 9:30?" Mark asked. 

"That will work, I'll see you then," said Chloe.

Mark had seen success at an early age and now was thriving with his movie theater franchises. Money wasn't an issue. He wanted to do something for himself. After weighing his options, he put the math together. He had a fantastic physique, loved women and had those years of dance lessons forced on him as a child by his mother.

He had become a private exotic dancer.

He had only done two jobs, but received great feedback from his clients. His first job was given by a friend who wanted to cheer up her divorced cousin. Despite the heavy-set body of his first client, he wanted to give his all. $100, a happy customer and a referral. Not too bad. They got a little better along the way. He second job was a randy group of housewives. At times he felt he was going to be torn apart, but he got out of there with $400 plus another $200 in tips.

Then came Chloe.

The organizer of the housewives had referred Mark to Chloe. Mark only worked by referrals. It made it easier to know he was doing a good job. Chloe called with an invitation for a party, while Mark wanted to meet with her to lay down the rules and get everything straight.

By the time their meeting rolled around, Mark had been up for over four hours. Following a morning workout and four-mile run, he had more than enough time to be ready. He sat patiently, in a tan three-piece suit with a white shirt and a blue tie. He didn't like flaunting his money, but he was more than willing to play the part for a potential client.

Chloe walked in to the coffee shop. She was dressed as any college student would be dressed, in a hooded sweatshirt, tight jeans and tennis shoes. Her fashion didn't hide her natural beauty and jet-black hair, cut to her shoulders. Mark was slightly taken aback at her 5'11" height.

Mark rose to greet Chloe and shook her hand. After sitting, Mark started his inquiry. "So, what kind of party are we talking about?"

Chloe began, "Well, our college volleyball season finished this weekend, and we had a somewhat cheesy year-end party held by our coaches. It was PG fun, but we want to have our own fun."

Mark liked the idea of cute college students to dance for. Chloe continued, "Myself and another teammate rent a house and we want to host our own year-end party and you will be the main attraction."

"It sounds like a great time," Mark said. "Now, I have a contract that protects myself as well as you and anyone else at the party. If it doesn't sound like something you want to do, the coffee is on me and we can go our separate ways. If it sounds good, we'll move forward on Friday night."

"Sounds clear enough," said Chloe.

"Great," said Mark. He pulled out a one-page contract with a carbon-copy behind the original. The nameplate Long Services emblazoned at the top. 

"Everything is very basic," Mark said. "You can either pay $100 per hour, or $500 for the whole night. Tips are encouraged, but not required. I will bring some props, outfits and music. You will not need to provide anything."

"Now this is very important. The state laws are very clear. Any 'extra' activity while I am under contract can be considered prostitution. That is not something I am doing. But, at any time during the night, you can pay an extra $100 and it releases me from service."

"All that does is no longer bound me to my contract. I am no longer a contract worker and I can do anything of my own free will. I will not do anything I am not comfortable with. Also, if at any point you are uncomfortable and want me to leave, I will refund any time that was not used if prepaid."

"Any questions?" Mark asked.

Chloe asked, "So, if we pay another $100, the contract is done and you can go home if you want?"

"Technically," Mark said. "But you can pay me the $100 at any time and I can go home. Or, I can stay and enjoy the party with you as your guest by my own free will. Do you understand?" 

Mark gave a sly look, while Chloe smiled in return and said she understood. 

"Also, I will need a list of all the ladies at the party. Again, this is for yours and my protection," Mark said. "I also need to be assured of no men attending the party. I won't dance for men, for obvious reasons. And try to limit jealous boyfriends to a minimum."

Chloe prepaid $500 for the whole night as they shook hands and parted ways. 

Mark went home and began to prepare for Friday night at 8:00.

Chloe had called Thursday night and requested the policeman uniform. Mark showed up to the modestly-sized, but welcoming home that Friday night. He already noticed a half-dozen cars out front and walked up to the door in his uniform and aviator sunglasses.

When Chloe answered the door, Mark almost fell over. She was dressed in a tight white button-up shirt that emphasized her modest, yet well-rounded breasts. Her shirt was complimented by her crinkled and styled hair and a tight, waist-high black skirt stopping just above her knees. With her high heels, she was only a few inches shorter than Mark's 6'5" frame.

She smiled and invited him in to the hoops and hollers of the other party goers. As he entered the living room, he tried his best to remain in character, but could hardly contain his glee as he scanned the room of 12 beautiful, in-shape college volleyball players.

Mark began his program by pulling out a small pad of golden star stickers. "Before I begin, I need to know which ones of you lawbreakers has a boyfriend or husband. This way, I won't take any 'liberties' with you ladies. Please raise your hand."

Five of the 12 women raised their hands, prompting Mark to place a sticker on each one of the ladies' shoulders.

"As for the rest of you, prepare to be frisked. GET ON THE WALL AND SPREAD 'EM!!!" Mark declared.

The seven remaining women lined up against the wall as Mark playfully went up and down the line, lightly groping each one or lightly poking them with his nightstick.

"Alright, time to break the law..." as Mark turned on the music from his boombox and began his routine. He ripped his shirt open and quickly threw it to one of the starred women sitting down. The seven women against the wall all sat down and started to scream.

Mark was tall, but he was by no means burly. He was more svelte and had a six-pack of abs to go along with his hard pecks, broad shoulders and toned arms. He eyed Chloe sitting next to her best friend and team captain Abby. He began to mingle into the mass of females and whipped his belt of at Abby.

Abby was an auburn-haired beauty with a full bust and legs that could crush watermelons. Mark whipped off his belt and held it behind Abby's head, gyrating his hips in her direction as the other women began to get rowdy.

Leaving behind his belt, Mark waited for the beat to drop on the music. Facing the wall, the music dropped as he ripped off his tear-away pants to expose his thonged ass. He turned to massive catcalls from the crowd.

Mark never had a problem with confidence, and this was no exception as his cock held behind the fabric hammock of his maroon thong. He was six inches flaccid and an easy nine-and-a-half hard. He was already half-hard as he turned and saw all the ladies eyes gaze below his waist. He spread his arms and gave them all a good look.

After some dancing around the outskirts, Mark went to his bag and returned with a pair of scissors. As he held them up, he exclaimed, "Who's the lucky lady who gets to do the unveiling?"

All 12 women raised their hands.

Mark found a star-less pixie-hair blond named Madison to his right and invited her to the front. Madison was dressed in a tight green dress, barely covering her round ass. Mark asked her to drop to her knees and handed her the scissors.

Madison cut one side of the thong and then the other as the fabric held slightly to Mark's engorged dick. Before continuing, Mark yelled to the crowd, "Who thinks she should use her teeth to take off the rest?"

The ladies were in a frenzy and did not hesitate to say yes.

Madison cupped her hands in her hands in embarrassment but shook it off and looked up at Mark's face. Mark had a wonderful view of her medium-sized breasts down her dress as he smiled to encourage her.

Madison leaned in and exhaled deeply before opening her mouth wider than Mark expected. She lightly placed her mouth on the tip of his cock and breathed out again, sending a shiver up Mark's back. She pulled away and clamped down with her teeth on the fabric. She quickly whipped her head back as Mark's dick was exposed to all it's nine-and-a-half inches of glory.

Mark kicked his program into high gear as he began to grind on all the ladies and place his swollen member in their direction for the better part of two hours. 

As the drinks flowed in the house, Mark sensed a lull. He called out to the ladies that it was time for a game. He came back from his bag with a series of rings. "It's time for ring toss!!!"

All ladies who are willing and do not have a star, please line up for the chance for a private dance. Chloe, Abby, Madison, three other women and Bree lined up. Bree was a dark blond with little to no makeup, but one of the more naturally beautiful faces Mark had ever seen. She was short, only 5'4", for a volleyball player, but her small body added to her voluptuous curves.

Mark laid back on an ottoman with his cock erect and ready as he handed a ring to Abby, who was first in line. Her throw almost hit Mark in the nose. Chloe and Madison succeeded on their first try, as did one of the three other women and Bree.

In round two, Mark backed up another five feet. Chloe threw her ring successfully, while Madison and the other women did not. Bree, without hesitation or waiting, perfectly threw the ring around Mark's cock.

In the final round, Chloe and Bree both missed on their first try. Chloe tried again and was visibly disappointed, while Bree nailed her final throw. Bree screamed with joy as Mark stood up. Chloe whispered quickly in Bree's ear and handed her a $100 bill. Mark took Bree's hand and led her into another room.

Bree closed the door to a small room and sat on the edge of the bed. Mark took off his sunglasses and shook Bree's hand in welcome. He asked, "How far would you like me to go with you?"

Bree took out the $100 and handed the money to Mark. She said, "As far as you are willing to go."

Mark knew exactly what he was going to do.

He turned off the light and set up a small black light from his bag. Bree was wearing a form-fitting red tank-top and black mini skirt. He placed his hands on the bed on each side of Bree's legs and slowly brought his lips across her neck.

Mark breathed out on to her neck and began to sway his naked body in front of her, straddling her lap all the while. He suddenly threw Bree back and found himself with his head between her legs. Bree was wearing a small, black thong and began to eat her wet pussy through her panties. Bree's moans were a welcome sound as he grasped her legs below her ass.

Before he had the chance to get Bree too excited, she pulled his head up and took Mark's cock into her open mouth.

It was sloppy, it was fast and it was fantastic. Mark moaned as he looked down to see Bree slurping up and down his thick shaft as deep as she could go. She couldn't deep throat his dick, but she tried her best and pushed through any gag reflex she was hitting.

Mark had always been able to hold his cum for as long as needed and this was no exception. He always wanted things to last.

Bree continued to slurp as Mark was enjoying the view, when she suddenly pulled away and shoved him towards the door. She pulled her shirt and bra off in one fell swoop, exposing her caramel-colored nipples and tanned body. She stood up and pulled down her skirt and thong to get completely naked. She turned and bent over on the bed, looked over her shoulder and told Mark, "Now come fuck me until I cum...hard!"

Mark was more than happy to oblige as he slid his fat cock in Bree's willing cunt. He began rhythmically pounding as Bree arched her back and began to moan in unison with his thrusts. "Oh fuck, harder baby!" she yelled, as her tits swayed in motion. Mark looked down and saw his wet dick sliding in and out with Bree's apple bottom ass presenting the perfect view.

Bree continued to talk dirty and it began to push Mark over the edge. He had always loved dirty talk. Bree had cum at least three times when she told Mark to put his thumb in her ass. He quickly licked his thumb and entered her ass. He continued fucking her and she continued to moan.

Mark felt his jizz start to bubble to the surface as he told Bree, "I'm gonna cum!"

Bree screamed, "Slam it in my ass!" Mark almost lost his concentration, but sent a few more long strokes, eliciting screams of pleasure from Bree. Just before he came, he pulled out his dick; now soaked in Bree's juices, and slammed it into Bree's asshole, which she had spread open with both hands. He unleashed a furious load of cum deep in her asshole as she cried out in lust.

After pulling out, Bree collapsed off her arms and legs to lay flat on her stomach and said, "I have never been fucked like that. You are worth every penny."

"We should get back to the party," Mark said. He helped Bree clean up as his swollen member hung wildly between his legs.

Mark continued through the night, enjoying himself too much to go home. With the $100 paid, he didn't stop any woman from putting their hands all over him. 

The night was winding down and most of the girls had left, with the exception of Chloe, Abby, Madison and Bree.

Mark was still naked and began to gather his things into his bag. He was about to put on his pants when he felt a hand on his shoulder.

"Where are you going?" asked Chloe. 

"I have no where to be, is there a reason for me to stay?" Mark asked before he turned around. As he turned, Chloe's lips jumped into his. It was a deeply passionate kiss as Mark grabbed her ass. She let go and recoiled with a smile. He looked to see all four girls without a stitch of clothing.

In addition to eight of the most perfect tits he'd ever seen, he noticed Abby and Chloe rubbing each other's hips sensually. "Would you like me to dance for you?" asked Mark.

"No. You are ours now," said Abby.

Madison grabbed his wrist and threw him on the living room couch. The view of the four women quickly brought Mark's cock to full attention as the quintet surrounded him, with Madison and Abby pressing their tits against his each of his arms. "I hope you have stamina, because we all expect to be satisfied," said Chloe as she dropped to her knees between Mark's legs.

Chloe round tits were held up between Mark's thighs but eventually slid down. Chloe's big, brown eyes looked up at Mark as she grabbed the base of his cock and licked up from the hilt of his shaft to the top of his dick head. With no hesitation, Chloe took all of Mark's cock deep into her throat down to the balls. She popped up for air just as Abby went down to lick one of Mark's balls. Bree joined Abby in assisting Mark's balls as Madison grabbed Mark's face and kissed him deeply.

Mark cupped one of Madison's tits to discover a bar piercing the nipple. He LOVED nipple rings. He pulled away from her face to take as much of her ample bosom into his mouth as he could manage. She suddenly jumped up and straddled his body and moved her pussy on top of Mark's face. She began to grind into his mouth as his tongue willfully searched for the greatest area of pleasure.

With his face obscured, Mark grabbed both of Madison's ass cheeks and noticed a finger in her ass, which wasn't hers. One of the three on Mark's cock was helping. He continued to lap up Madison's sweetness as he tried to solve the mystery of who was currently sucking his dick.

Fast and sloppy, Mark thought, that's Bree. Down to the bottom, that must be Chloe. Lots of hands, I'm assuming that is Abby. 

Mark peeked below the vagina he was currently eating to see Abby jerking his massive dong into her mouth between dropping her mouth as low as it would go on his cock.

The feelings were almost overwhelming but Mark wanted to make this last. He continued to pulse his tongue at Madison's clit as she began to climax. All of the sudden, a gush of liquid came at Mark's face as Madison let out a scream.

"I didn't know you were a squirter, Madison," said Abby.

"Neither did I," said Madison. Mark sat with a smirk of satisfaction in a job well done as Chloe continued to work her mouth on his dick.

Chloe hopped up and exclaimed, "Enough of this, I want that fat cock."

Mark barely had time to register everything before Chloe pounced. His cock was still wet from the blowjobs and Chloe was plenty moist for him. Despite all the lubrication, Chloe had a slight look of pain from the massive cock filling up her pussy walls. Once she was down, pain turned to pleasure as she bounced lightly two or three times before fully taking over.

As Chloe began to bounce and grind on Mark's fat prick, he looked over to see Abby and Bree in a 69 on the couch beside them. He placed a finger in Bree's ass as Abby licked her clit. As he removed it, Abby grabbed his finger and shoved it down her throat. She then led one finger in Bree's asshole and one in her pussy.

All the while, Madison made her way down between Mark's legs. Chloe was still bouncing and moaning deeply when Madison started to lick Mark's balls. The cool sensation of the air hitting his wet balls was fantastic. He looked up to see Chloe hit a peak with her eyes rolling back in her head. He suddenly realized Madison was eating Chloe's ass.

Chloe readjusted her legs to place her feet next to Mark's hips. She raised up as high as she could go without her pussy releasing Mark's dick and slammed down in one motion. It took four of those thrusts for Chloe to let out a high-pitched scream and a leg-shaking orgasm.

"My God, it's fucking perfect!" exclaimed Chloe. Bree had matched Chloe's orgasm with the help of Abby and Mark. As soon as Chloe pulled herself off, Madison jumped on.

The blond had a small ass, but it was tight and perfect. She faced out and Mark noticed the athleticism in her legs. As she dropped down on Mark's shaft, he reached around to tweak her pierced nipple and rub her clit while she went up and down. Abby now wanted some of Mark's mouth as she put her hands on the back of his head and slammed his face into her ample tits.

With her hands still on the back of his head, Abby moved Mark to her waiting slit. As she began to moan with pleasure, Mark propped up his knees and began to jackhammer fuck Madison. His large cock pounded Madison's aching cunt and she let out a series of yells. All the while, Chloe was sitting on the ground with a face-full of Bree's pussy, who simultaneously was sucking Madison's clit while Mark's balls hit Bree's chin with each thrust.

Mark pulled his face away between Abby's orgasms to announce his own upcoming orgasm. He continued to slam Madison and she let out another squirting orgasm. Suddenly, Chloe declared, "Fuck my face and cum down my throat."

Mark removed his cock from Madison and put Chloe on the couch. He stood and straddled her face and put every inch of his cock in front of the raven-haired beauty. She lurched forward and began to bob up and down as Mark took her hair and began to violently pull her face to his hilt. Chloe pulled towards Mark's hips as the other girls cheered her on. Mark could take no more as he moaned loudly, leading Chloe to pull all the way down. Suddenly, Abby had both of Mark's balls in her mouth as Chloe welcomed wave after wave of cum down her throat. 

He loved the feeling of dominating Chloe as he looked down. The coed wiped her face and gave Bree a full kiss. He wanted to continue that feeling and he grabbed Abby and threw her on her back. He wasn't back to his full erection, but that didn't stop him from pushing her legs back and plunging everything he had into her willing pussy.
