 Deep and full.

That was how Mark slept. He never slept late into the morning, and this morning was no exception. He awoke on the couch with Abby spooned in front of him, Chloe on the floor, and Bree at the other end of the couch. Everyone was still naked.

He didn't see Madison.

The previous night was a simultaneous blur and sharp memory. So much had happened, Mark remembered it as a streak of events, but when he focused on the night's progression, he could recall almost every detail.

He sat up as the four girls continued to sleep. He began recounting the night as he stood, trying his best to keep everyone asleep. He walked down the hallway to the bathroom as he remembered cumming in Bree's ass. As he shut the door, he recalled each of Chloe's tits rubbing his thighs as he came down her throat. He glanced at himself in the mirror to the memory of Abby's exasperated call to "Cum in my pussy."

Three orgasms for four women, not bad... Mark thought. He continued to look at his face in the mirror as he attempted to wake himself from the dream of the night before. He laughed at himself at the memory.

After composing himself, he thought seriously for a second to leaving the house. He decided it would best to say goodbye to each girl personally before leaving. After all, they did so much for him, it's the least he could do. Mark's flaccid six inches hung between his legs as he turned back down the hallway. He found Madison lying face down on a bed in a bathroom across from the bathroom.

Still nude, Mark found himself studying her naked form. Her pixie-cut blond hair was still as arranged as it was the night before. Her tan skin presented a beautiful muscular canvas of her back. Mark noticed a tattoo of a musical note on her left hip. Last night, he noted Madison's small, but tight ass. With one leg arched and the other extended, her ass extended into the air past the invisible line made by her back. Her butt led down to two perfectly athletic, newly shaven legs.

Suddenly, Mark noticed something emerging from her pussy. He didn't know what it looked like until he processed what he was watching. Madison had snuck her hand down and was rubbing her pussy and grinding on her hand. Maybe it was the toilet flushing, maybe it was the sunlight, but Madison had definitely woken up.

Mark looked down to see his slowly growing member, which he began to fondle. He silently walked into the room and closed the door. He sat himself on a chair on the opposite end of the room as the bed and took in the view.

Madison was writhing on the bed with her fingers beginning to enter and exit her wetness as her hips went up and down on the bed. Mark spied her other hand cupping her left breast and let out a muffled moan. He was almost fully erect as he walked around to face Madison's head on the end of the bed. He looked down to see Madison's gorgeous face. Her defined cheekbones pulsating with the grinding of her hips to correspond with her griding her teeth. She began to bite her lip.

"Do you need any assistance, ma'am?" Mark asked playfully.

Madison was momentarily startled, but then continued to probe herself as she realized who was in the room. "Yes I do. You gave everyone else your cum, but you didn't leave any for me," she said.

"Well, we better remedy that, shouldn't we," said Mark. 

Madison repositioned herself to put her tits right at the edge of the bed and kissed the area between Mark's dick and his thigh. He looked down to see her take his fully realized cock in her left hand, raise it up and lick the bottom of his balls. She quickly rose up his shaft and licked each side up and down, down and up. He felt a shiver as a rush of cold, as his dick was coated in a thin layer of spit.

The blond held Mark's cock at its base, with two fingers wrapped around the base of his balls and began to flick his dickhead with her tongue. The tickling sensation was almost too much for him, but Madison quickly ceased and plunged her head down. In all the sucking and fucking from the night before, Mark couldn't recall Madison sucking his dick. He was right, because he would have definitely remembered what she was doing.

Madison didn't go as deep as Chloe could, she wasn't as sloppy as Bree and she didn't use her hands as much as Abby. But there was something else. It reminded Mark of chugging water. He looked down to see Madison slide down about two-thirds the way down his shaft and immediately retract right below his crown. It was a constant, repetitive motion that hit the back of Madison's throat on every stroke, but never made her gag. 

It was too good. Mark was gonna cum unless something changed. He pulled away from Madison's mouth and spun her where she now faced the ceiling. She tilted her head back as Mark re-entered her mouth. The different angle helped slow Mark's orgasm, but it did not stop the pleasure. She could take his cock much deeper at this angle and she pulled it down as far as it would go. Mark noticed the bulge hit her throat at her deepest point.

She was still fingering herself as Mark reached down and began playing with her pierced nipples. Madison pulled the prick out of her mouth and exalted it to the sky as she immersed her mouth with balls. After plunging back in, the sight of Madison pleasuring herself got the best of him. He bent down and grabbed Madison behind the hips to lift her pussy to his lips. Mark bent his knees and used his momentum to stand back up with Madison's pussy still in his face and his cock still firmly in her mouth.

Madison's muffled moans stopped muffling as she kept pulling Mark's dick from her mouth to curse her pleasure or to get a deep breath. Mark began exploring the deeper regions of Madison's pussy with his tongue. He must have been on the right track because the coed slammed her head back down on his cock and began to bob as fast as she could manage.

Just when he thought Madison might bite his dick off in excitement, Mark pulled his lips together on her clit and began to retract and pulse his tongue. That move did the job as Madison gushed once again all over Mark's chin and chest. She still had his cock in her throat as she let out a scream that tickled Mark's cockhead. He fought through any juices and continued to probe as he felt the cunny juice flowing down his abs and down to his dick.

Madison unwrapped her legs from around Mark's head and he gently placed her back down on the bed. After a large exhale, Madison continued Mark's stimulation as she tugged clumsily on his still hard prick.

She repositioned herself in the middle of the bed, placed her ass up high in the air and dropped her arms to place her face on the bed. She didn't need to tell Mark what to do as he stood upright on the bed, squatted down and angled his dick down into Madison's willing opening.

He put his hands on the top of her ass and lowered all nine-plus inches into Madison's cunt down to his balls. Madison let out a low moan. Mark decided there had been enough lovemaking; now was the time to fuck.

Mark quickly repositioned his legs and began to slam down his dick as deep and as quickly as his muscles would allow. Madison was unprepared and buried her face into the comforter. She was screeching in pleasure with every stroke. 

After only a few seconds, Mark felt the pressure of liquids pushing against his cock inside Madison's pussy. He pulled out to receive a stream of juices on his abs. He plunged right back in and continued his assault on her cunt. Twice more Madison would squirt and twice more Mark took it in the stomach like a badge of honor.

Despite Madison's enjoyment, Mark couldn't go as fast or as hard as he wanted to at the angle he was at. He dismounted and jumped off the bed, pulling Madison sideways and sliding her onto his awaiting member. With one of her legs straight up in the air and the other pointing towards the door, Mark put his hands behind Madison's thighs and began to pump furiously into her pulsing cunt.

Mark was approaching his own eruptive orgasm as he continued to slam down on the willing coed. Madison's legs began to shake as he announced his approaching orgasm. Madison pushed Mark out of her and opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. Mark jumped up on the bed and unleashed an opening stream of cum that hit her across the left eye, down her mouth and off her chin. The second stream hit her upper lip, while the remaining streams found Madison's mouth.

She quickly swallowed what found her mouth and threw Mark back down off the bed. With cum caked to her chin line, Madison grabbed Mark's still sensitive cock and threw it back into her pussy.

Mark was taken aback and took a few seconds to recuperate before he could begin fucking again. He was impressed at how hard he remained as he Madison's interrupted orgasm could be resumed. Mark pumped away as Madison spewed her spray on his cock. Another orgasm quickly approached for Mark and he once again announced its coming to Madison.

This time, the blond said nothing and rocked herself in unison with Mark's thrusts. As Mark stiffened to cum, Madison sat up and grabbed his ass and pulled him into her so deep, his pelvis ground into hers. Streams of cum were pumped into his paramour as she grasped for air. Their shared ecstasy lingered for a minute before they kissed deeply.

Mark cleaned himself and Madison up and headed back into the living room. Abby and Bree had found each other's arms and were beginning to stir. Chloe was sitting on the floor, sitting up against the couch and gave Abby a kiss before standing up. Everyone was still naked. 

Chloe strolled past Mark and gave him a longing look as she headed towards the bathroom. Mark turned and blatantly stared at Chloe's shapely ass walking past him. His overworked prick gave a slight bob at the sight of Chloe's backside.

Bree and Abby were all the way awake now as Madison announced, "Who wants breakfast?"

Everyone was more than happy to say yes as they all headed to the kitchen. Bree gave a slight smack to the asses of Madison and Mark as she walked towards the fridge.

Chloe emerged from the bathroom and pulled out a chair from the kitchen table and invited Mark to sit. He obliged as the coeds began to pull out fruit, cereal and yogurts from the refrigerator and cabinets.

Chloe stopped, turned to Mark and announced, "You know what I want for breakfast?"

Without waiting for a reply, she crawled under the table and took all of Mark's flaccid cock in her mouth. Bree and Abby snickered as her ass peered out from under the table. Mark stiffened quickly, but Chloe emerged with a questioning look to Mark.

"You taste like pussy," Chloe said. She turned and looked at the three other girls. Abby and Bree plead their innocence as Madison smiled brightly.

Chloe crawled over and took a giant lick of Madison's pussy, backed up and jokingly said, "You slut! I wanted him first this morning."

Between Chloe's quick blowjob and her licking Madison's pussy, Mark was ready to go again. Chloe noticed this and pulled Mark's chair back from the table. She quickly straddled and mounted him and began to bounce. Bree was suddenly kissing Mark as his prick was being attacked.

Chloe jumped off and Abby jumped on. It was a fury of thrusts as Madison began to kiss him. Bree emerged with a large napkin and covered Mark's face. Abby dismounted and another girl jumped on.

It was an assembly line of pleasure. Mark would occasionally hold his hands by his sides and enjoy the motion on his cock. Other times, he would hold the tits or ass of the girl on top of him. The girls would switch positions; sometimes facing him, sometimes reversed.

There was little to no way to tell which each girl was based on pussy. When Mark would reach up and feel the girls tits, he could feel Madison's nipple rings or he would be squirted on. At one point, he felt Bree put his dick up her ass and bounce slower. At least, he assumed it was Bree.

Each girl had had at least four or five turns as Mark's cum began to bubble to the surface. As soon as he announced his intentions, Abby ripped off his mask, Chloe released his cock from her pussy and all four girls bent down to have a chance at Mark's cock with their mouths.

Mark was given a slight reprieve from Chloe's exit, but the four girls gave him no chance to settle himself. Chloe and Bree had their mouths on his balls, soaking them in saliva, while Madison and Abby slurped in unison up and down Mark's massive shaft.

Mark could take no more as he orgasm came. Abby moved the other girls out of the way and jerked off Mark's cock into her mouth, taking in every drop of cum he delivered.

Abby recoiled and took Chloe's face in her hands and spit all the white semen into Chloe's mouth. Chloe did the same to Madison and Madison made the final exchange to Bree, which she swallowed down.

It was the best time Mark could have imagined. The five actually ate breakfast and the time had come for Mark to leave. He gave all four girls deep kisses and gave them his business card. "Call me anytime, professionally or otherwise," Mark said.

The girls tried to keep Mark there, but he was able finally able to leave. Mark said goodbye and headed towards the door. Pausing at the door, he turned and asked the girls, "Have any of you girls been on a cruise?"