 Let me tell you about my girlfriend's party. It changed my life. It was at my girlfriend Crystal's apartment. She had two roommates Named Bonnie and Jen. Crystal had told me that maybe a few other friends would be over but probably not. I thought we would drink a few beers watch a movie and maybe go back to my place for some sex with Crystal. Boy, I was wrong!

Let me describe my party mates to you. First there is Crystal my girlfriend. She's a beautiful brunette that looks like she comes strait from the pages of Cosmopolitan magazine. She has a tiny body, big green eyes, and a beautiful smile that melts my heart every time I see her. She stands at 5'11, with long gorgeous legs, a tight muscular frame, and perfect little boobs. 

Second is Bonnie. She's a gorgeous 5'9 black beauty with a body that stops traffic. She has huge triple D-cup boobs that get double takes from everyone that sees them. She also has thick frizzy black hair, and the sexiest brown eyes on campus. Bonnie is by far the wildest girl I've ever met.

Then there is Jen. Jen is an Asian goddess with the cutest smile and double D-cup tits that rival Bonnie's. Imagine that on a tiny body that doesn't match them at all! She has long red hair and a nice tight ass. 

When I got to Crystal's apartment, she let me in and I said hi to Bonnie and Jen. As soon as the greetings were over, Crystal grabbed my wrist and took me into the bedroom. She slid off her dress and sat back on the bed. "Aren't you afraid your roommates will hear us?" I asked her.

"Just come over here and do me, baby." She purred.

I smiled at her as I undid my jeans and walked over to the edge of the bed and let them drop down to my ankles. Her mouth was immediately wrapped around my cock and she started to make nasty sucking noises on the end of my cock. I looked down and she had a finger in her anus! Crystal knows just how to suck my cock and it wasn't long before her lips had sucked a massive load of my cum into her mouth. I trembled as I felt her gobble my juice down and when it was all over she looked up at me with a big cum eating smile.

We usually would have spent a lot more time on fore play, but since the other girls were probably waiting for us down stairs we decided to try and speed things up.

Grabbing my sexy girlfriend by the hips I yanked her up and over onto her knees and gave her ass a slap for good measure. She looked back over her shoulder at me with a nasty smile that still leaked cum. She crinkled her nose and grunted as the head of my cock pressed against her tight rectum. Crystal loved to be fucked in the ass. It was the strangest thing, but I loved fucking her that way so I had no complaints. 

Then suddenly, I gave it to her like I know she loves it, fast and furious! I slammed my full length deep into her. She screamed out as we began fucking into each other hard and fast. With each thrust of my cock up her ass, Crystal would bite into the pillow and grunt in pleasure.

I could have gone on nailing her ass all night, but knowing there were two sexy women waiting on us I sped things up and with a few final thrusts, I spewed a creamy load of cum deep into Crystal's ass.

Leaving myself inside of her I pulled her up so her back was pressed against my chest and we were kneeling together on the bed. I reached around in front of her and slipped a finger into her pussy. I whispered to her what a slutty whore she was as I finger fucked her. She moaned with her eyes closed enjoying the raw pleasure of what I was doing to her.

"Oh Fuck Baby! She screamed as her hands reached back behind her grabbing my ass and keeping my cock inside of her. She milked out the last few precious drops of my cum. "I love the way you fuck me!"

Knowing she was so close I knew just what would bring her off. I slipped a second finger into her and told her "Your such a nasty anal whore."

That was it. She broke right there orgasming onto my fingers as her body went into shock and began trembling against me. 

After a quick cool down session and some heavy petting on her bed, Crystal and I got dressed and headed back out into the living room.

Was I a lucky man or what? And I didn't even know how lucky yet.

The girls started making a fuss over Crystal and what they could hear us doing in the bedroom. I escaped into the kitchen and grabbed us four beers and a bottle of tequila. I went back into the living room and we all got comfortable. I didn't know what they had been talking about, but there were lots of giggles and sideways glances my way.

The conversation was mainly aimed at me. Crystal had told Jen and Bonnie about my recent promotion at work and how great I was. It was making me uncomfortable actually. But they were so damn sexy that I was getting aroused again despite my discomfort.

Crystal actually seemed to like the attention her roommates were giving me.

Crystal flashed me a smile and crinkled her nose the way she always did when she was planning something nasty. She reached over and unfastened my belt and started to unbuckle it right in front of the girls.

Before I had a chance to act, or ask what she was doing, Bonnie had joined Crystal and started pulling my zipper down. Bonnie reached into my briefs and pulled out my cock for everyone to see.

Crystal was smiling wide at me as she cuddled up close to me. She hooked her thumbs in my belt loops and worked my jeans down to my ankles as Bonnie gently massaged my growing member in her soft black hands. I looked over at Jen, and she smiled and dropped to her knees in front of the couch as well. 

I felt Jen's warm Asian mouth cover my cock and start sucking it deep into her throat. I let out a moan of pure pleasure as I tilted my head back and enjoyed her expert mouth fucking. 

It couldn't have taken more than a second or two before I was rock hard in Jen's mouth and felt each of my ears being attacked with wet tongues from either side. Crystal was whispering softly to me how much she loved me and how she wanted to make me happy. "We're all yours tonight. We share everything and tonight I'm sharing you with them."

I was in shock, but I turned to Crystal and kissed her passionately. Bonnie began to unbutton my shirt. Jen was lost in her cock sucking, and from the way she was attacking my shaft I knew it wouldn't be long before I would fill her mouth with sperm.

Crystal broke our kiss as she gave me a grin and reached down pulling the bottom of her dress up exposing her wet slit to me. She began to insert a finger as she moved out of my reach and just sat back enjoying the show. 

My sexy little brunette being out of reach, I immediately turned my attention to my two new lovers, and as I looked into Jen's beautiful green eyes staring up at me with a mouth full of cock, I felt Bonnie reach out and turn my head into a sloppy kiss. She had taken down the top of her dress and pulled open my shirt, and as we kissed I was pressed firmly into the fullest most wonderful boobs I had ever dreamed of. We kissed like that for what seemed like hours. 

I was so caught up in Bonnie's full lips and huge tits that I didn't notice Jen take her mouth off of my throbbing cock. She was still pumping it up and down in her tiny hands, but they weren't nearly as hot as her mouth had been. Then, flashing me a nasty little smile she stood, turned around, hiked up her dress, and with one quick motion impaled her tight ass on my bulging prick stuffing it to the base into her rectum. It was so tight. I almost came right then.

Bonnie just smiled at me as she moved away from our embrace and crawled into the floor in front of Jen to get a better look. Jen's tiny ass looked so gorgeous as she pushed me all the way inside of her and leaned forward keeping her back to me. I couldn't resist. I reached out and taking one hip in each hand started slowly moving her up and down. Did all of Crystal's friends like anal sex? This was unreal.

I couldn't believe the way Jen was fucking me. She would rise and fall and rise again like a machine, and her ass was so fucking tight. Her moans were growing louder, probably half due to the fact that Bonnie was eating her out as I fucked her in the ass. 

Jen screamed out as she started fucking harder and faster up and down on my cock and Bonnie kept pace with her working her clit. I gripped her cheeks and felt my dick twitch as she looked back over her shoulder at me whipping her hair out of her face. Her mouth was wide open and she was drooling and moaning in pleasure. "It's yours Baby." She whimpered. "My ass is all yours!"

Suddenly I felt her ass clamp down hard on my raging dick and her eyes went shut as she started screaming out at the top of her lungs. Bonnie had made her cum with her tongue. I couldn't take any more of this erotic craziness and I thrust my cock deep into her and erupted. It was amazing.

The three of us just sat that way for a few minutes as Jen leaned back against me turning her head and kissing me on the lips. I could feel Bonnie lower her lips and tongue Jen's ass and lick around my cock as I pumped the last of my cum deep into her ass.

To say the least, I was in absolute shock and ecstasy all rolled into one as we detangled and got our clothes back on. Had this really happened to me? I had to take a swig of tequila and down my whole beer after that! 

"Baby." Crystal said. "We want you to move in with us. You can have any of us anytime you want. We're all yours."

I was still in shock from the events before this statement. This was too good to be true. Now I'm no dumbass. I told them I'd be moved in by 6am tomorrow morning, maybe a little too eagerly.

We heard the front door open and close. It was a black friend of ours named Ben. He was here for the party and went to get a beer from the kitchen. We put some music on and kept the conversation going. I noticed that he was paying particular attention to Bonnie, and I have to admit I actually felt myself getting a little jealous over it, but my feelings were soon put to rest as a bare black foot found it's way into my lap and slowly stroked the length of my hardening cock. Did Ben catch this?

"I'm going to get another beer. Does anyone else need anything?" asked Ben. Bonnie flashed us all a little smile and turned to Ben looking him over. "Well, I think I'm ok with my drink, but, um, if you slide your cock out of your pants I'd love to suck something else out of you!"

I could tell by the look on her face she was just trying to shock us all, but more than anything it was turning me on immensely. Now Ben on the other hand, though only a casual friend, was not a complete idiot. He decided that Bonnie's juicy lips were well worth the possibility of him getting kicked out of our little party. 

Jen, Crystal and I just stared as he pulled his cock out and let its thick weight dangle in her face. And Bonnie not to be one for breaking her word took him right into her mouth in a sloppy slurp.

The three of us watched her as she made her way up and down the ebony meat sucking it as deep into her throat as the fat thing could go, and then slurping all the way back out to the tip again. Crystal was firmly attached to my arm now, having scooted close to me as she watched, and Jen was doing the same to her.

I couldn't take my eyes off of Bonnie's lips as she sloppily sucked on his huge black shaft.

Within moments Ben was spasming into Bonnie's sucking lips and the stream of cum seemed to never stop as it emptied into her throat.

Ben got dressed and said his goodbyes. He had an exam the next day and couldn't stay long. 

By this time it was getting late for everyone and Bonnie and Jen had retired to their rooms. Crystal had crashed on the couch and I was left drinking beer and watching a cheesy horror movie alone and still horny from Bonnie and Ben's little show.

I looked up from the TV and realized that I was not alone. We had another guest for the party. "Hi I said. You're welcome to drink with me, but everyone else has left or crashed for the night." I told her. It was Crystal's little sister Shelby. The gears in my head started to turn! 

Shelby was short and thin with dark red hair. She had smaller breasts than the other girls including Crystal, but she was still very hot. I wondered if Crystal would be pissed if I fucked her sister? I reasoned that there was only one way to find out. She had the sexiest little smile on her face and looked over at me. "Maybe I'll join you for one beer." She told me. 

She was wearing a cute little white pleated skirt, a pair of pink high tops with no socks, and a matching flimsy half T-shirt that showed off her pierced belly button. 



Shelby finished her beer in one big gulp and then this pretty little redhead surprised me as she slowly lowered to her knees and began rubbing her face in the crotch of my jeans, teasing me. "Oh fuck." I said.

Within seconds, I was launched into heaven as her expert hands undid my pants, pulling them roughly to my ankles. I felt her gorgeous lips wrap around my cock and heard a little, almost seductive moan escape her. She was obviously more experienced than I had thought.

She started slowly at first, just wrapping her mouth around the knob and looking up at me with her cheeks slightly bulging and her body gyrating as if some unseen presence were behind her teasing her tiny pussy. I felt her tongue slide out of her mouth along the underside of my cock and within seconds the young cocksucker had taken almost my entire length into her sweet little mouth.

Her mouth worked overtime as she drooled and moaned around my cock, sucking more and more of it into her mouth like she would starve without it. I looked down at her again seeing her little eyes closed tightly as she sucked my cock.

She was working me hard, and I knew that any minute I would be filling her mouth with a massive load of cum. She released me and took my cock in her hand gently stroking it as her saliva dribbled down my balls and thighs. "I need you to fuck me. I don't care what Crystal thinks. I need it." She pleaded with me.

I pushed her onto her back on the floor. I worked the rest of the way out of my jeans as she slid her skirt up. 

Kneeling on the floor, between her muscular little legs, I reached down and ripped her panties completely off. She moaned softly as she felt her pussy exposed to me.

I pressed my rock hard cock against her pussy and gently pushed it in. Shelby was not in the mood for a slow gentle fuck. She surprised me as she slammed her hips up toward me wrapping her pink high-tops around my waist and driving my cock into her. 

I pulled her shirt up over her tiny breasts, pulling and pinching her nipples.

I was getting ready to cum, driving in and out of her wet pussy like a machine. "Please don't cum in me. I'll get pregnant!" She yelled. "Pull out and cum on my stomach."

No sooner had the words left her mouth, than I started to cum. I thrust into her hard and came deep inside her. "Oh yeah! Oh fuck!" My cock spasmed deep inside her and she came at nearly the same time. 

I collapsed onto her and we lay like that for some time. "You're a fucking bastard." She said to me. "What if you got me pregnant? What about Crystal?"

"You should have thought about Crystal before you sucked my cock into your mouth." I told her. I rolled off of her and she quickly got dressed and left in a huff.

Man what a night! 

The End 

Sethp