 Marc had always wanted to drive across the country, so when he turned up and said that he had quit his job and was leaving in the morning I knew that he meant it. I was torn between staying with the stability I had here, or going on an adventure of a lifetime. No big decision there, I ran inside and threw some things into a backpack, grabbed my money, and a few favourite CD's and quickly ran back to his car, throwing all my gear in the back I said " I'm coming with you ". 

The first day of the trip was a blast; we went everywhere, stopping when we wanted to, smoking a little weed, getting high on life. It was wonderful. 

We stopped on the way at a little riverbed, that was off the road a ways, but well worth the trek. Getting out of the car we noticed that the water was quite deep, and thinking it may be fun we stripped off our clothes and jumped in. It was icy, taking my breath away instantly, I found that I couldn't stand up.

The water was deep and the current fast, My head went under and before I knew it I was drowning, the cold water rushing into my lungs, when a hand grabbed my hair and pulled me up.

Up to the surface, up to the sweet tasting air. I coughed and spluttered as Marc dragged me to the shore and pulled me out. 

I was so surprised to find myself back on the shore, to find that I wasn't really going to die.

Laughing at me Marc said, "There are easier ways to get my attention you know ", and with that he leaned over and kissed me.

His lips were rough, they were the lips of a man that worked outdoors, and they were lips that knew how to kiss.

Opening my mouth with his tongue, he tasted me, licking the line of my lips, our tongues twirling around each other, his hands feeling the shape of my breasts.

The passion of the moment was intense, his hands pulling my legs apart, his fingers finding me, I drew in my breath, as he slowly slipped one, then two fingers inside me.

His kiss so soft on my mouth, his tongue playing with mine. It was all too much for me, I placed my hands against his chest and pushed him away from me, looking at him, my breathing fast. 

He smiled and kissed my nose handing me a towel he walked back to the car.

We had been driving for about an hour when we saw her walking along the side of the road. She looked so young, I though that maybe it was a little girl lost.

I told Marc to pull over as we passed her, and as she drew along side the car I leaned out and said to her "Do you need any help?"

She smiled at me, and laughed. " Angels of mercy " she said.

I looked at Marc and he was smiling, I knew why, as she lent in the car, the halter top that she was wearing opened up, giving us both a very nice view of her well developed breasts, inside a purple lace bra.

I found it very hard to look at her face, when I did, I was dumbfounded. Her eyes were lilac in colour, with the darkest lashes I had seen; her lips were full, and a soft pink, She licked them as she spoke and the sunlight flashed off her moist tongue, it sent shivers through me.

I opened the car door for her and introduced Marc and myself as she got in.

She smiled and flicked her hair out of her face. I hadn't noticed how tight the ringlets were in her hair it was really very beautiful long tight black ringlets.

It framed her face and set off her eyes so well, god she was so pretty, I felt my pulse quicken and turned back in my seat.

" My name is Vanessa, thanks for the lift guys ", she said.

Marc told her that it wasn't a problem really, and that we were going that way anyway. He looked at me and smiled, raising his eyebrow and slightly tilting his head towards the back of the car as if to say"not bad, hey?" Marc had taken a special liking to the fact that I was Bi-sexual, and he was always on the lookout for a new plaything, so when he indicated to Vanessa, I knew what he wanted, and I though it was a great idea.

We were all headed to the same place, a little town down the coast road that we were on, it was a trip of about three hours so we decided to stop and get some supplies and have a picnic lunch on the way.

Vanessa told us that she knew of a little place that no one visited up the road about half an hour away.

As she and Marc got back into the car, I saw her run her hand over his butt and squeeze it. I knew then that we were in for some fun and my nipples hardened with anticipation.

I was certain that Marc would be fucked this day, the sexual tension in the car was electric.

I drove for a while and Marc massaged Vanessa feet as she was complaining that they were tired from all that walking she had done.

It didn't take long before the breathing changed in the car, I looked in the rear view mirror to see Vanessa with her head back against the rear of the car, Her eyes shut. I turned my head and saw that Marc had worked his foot massage all the way up her leg and was currently massaging her clit for her.

My pussy was so wet, as I drove along that road headed for our quiet place, Marc was working Vanessa into a frenzy, He knew not to let her cum that was my job.

I pulled the car into a small-secluded wooded area, Vanessa had given me the right directions and that was a blessing, as there was no way she was going to give a coherent answer now.

Marc had worked himself into the back of the car and was currently in the process of sucking one of Vanessa's tits as he slowly rocked his fingers in and out of her. Her legs were open and she was so wet, her lips slightly parted her tongue resting on her lower lip; How I wanted to taste it.

Marc looked at me and smiled, stopping his ministrations, Vanessa moaned, she opened her soft doe like eyes and looked at me.

I got out of the car and walked to the front of it, sitting on the hood,

I composed myself, as Marc and Vanessa got out of the car, Vanessa straightening her skirt, walked to the front of the car and sat next to me on the hood.

Lighting a cigarette she purred, "he is so good at that" laughing at her I nod, " yep, I know babe," Vanessa stopped.

Smiling at me she leant over and softly kissed me, slightly opening her plump moist lips, her tongue prodding mine.

Opening my mouth wider, I felt her hand running over my side, trailing her nails along my ribs to my nipple and running her fingertips over it, making it harden more under her touch.

Sitting up, I continued to kiss her, long and slowly as our tongues played with each other. She sucked mine into her mouth and I moaned softly, placing a hand on her shoulder I gently pushed her backward onto the hood of the car. Stopping the kiss, I slid off the hood and moved myself between her long tanned legs, grabbing her ankles I pulled her to the edge of the hood. The friction of the slide pulling her skirt up around her waist, and revealing to me her totally shaven pussy, her lips wet and pink, waiting for me.

Slowly I opened her lips, dipping my finger into her and sliding it up and down over her hard clit. She whimpered and raised her hips to meet me, using the tip of my tongue, I gently flicked her, harder and harder on her clit, she buried her hands in my hair and pulled me into her wet pussy, fucking my face, and moaning loudly.

Getting very horny, I take one of my hands and place it between my legs, rubbing my throbbing clit as I eat Vanessa's pussy.

Marc's hands are on me and I shiver, I know his touch, its one of the things that keeps me fucking him. His hands slide over me and grab my hips, pulling them out further from the car in a classic frisk position.

My ass exposed, my face buried in Vanessa's thighs, Marc goes to his knees and opens my wet cunt lips from behind.

I feel his warm breath on me and my knees go week, I push my hips towards him, seeking that magic mouth of his, wanting his tongue on my clit." Oooooohhhhhhh God that is so good " I groan as his tongue finds my clit and starts to play with it, flicking it and rubbing it, dipping into my wet hole and then flicking my clit again.

I opened Vanessa wider. Taking two of my fingers I slide them inside her, feeling the velvet smoothness of her wet cunt. Sliding them in and out, I slowly increase my speed as I lick her harder, fucking her with my fingers and my tongue. She grinds against me in a fit of animal lust, moaning and yowling.

Her fingers holding my face to her as she fucks it, her orgasm so close now. I can taste her sweet juices flowing from her and I am taken by such an urge of total lust, opening her lips and nipping and licking her clit I loose myself in her taste.

Marc has me so horny his tongue working me up so hard and so damn hot. I reach behind me for him, wanting him to fuck me, he knows me so well, he stops eating me and stands up behind me, I hear his belt buckle and his zipper, and I know that he is going to fuck me.

The thought of having Marc's hard cock inside me as I lick Vanessa's sweet pussy is so erotic, my pussy lips are swollen.

I feel him rubbing his hard head against my pussy, dipping it into the entrance of my cunt then out again, rubbing my juices all over me. Moaning loudly, I stop eating Vanessa but continue to fuck her with my fingers, my concentration taken over by Marc's cock slowly sliding into my cunt.

I raise my hips as high as I can, feeling him sliding in deeper and deeper so slowly, it's driving me mad; I need to feel Him inside me.

Grabbing my hips Marc thrusts all the way inside me, holding me on him, impaling me there, as he rotates his hips against my butt.

He fucks me, faster and faster. Turning my attention back to Vanessa, I start to nibble her clit again, my own orgasm now not very far away.

Vanessa is so close to cumming. Her hips are grinding against me, as she works herself up to her peak, my fingers fuck her, in and out, in the same rhythm as Marc's hard cock is fucking me.

We are as one, fucking and moaning in the middle of nowhere, in broad daylight. The sounds coming from us would have sounded like animals in rut to a stranger. Vanessa was whimpering as her whole body shook with the peak of her orgasm approaching, her hands in my hair, her pussy rubbing hard against my tongue.

Her thighs clamp around my head as she cum's. Throwing back her head she screams, long and loud, her juice floods my mouth in a tide as the full passion of her lust is expelled. Fucking my face, as she cum's all over it, she lets my hair go, and lays back on the hood of the car.

Marc is fucking me so hard, Vanessa's orgasm the trigger for his passion. Gripping my hips he slams into me. I brace myself against the car as he fucks me.

All the time my wet pussy throbs, Vanessa sits up and slides off the car, walking beside me, she trails her nails over my bare back as Marc fucks me. She leans forward and kisses me softly, her lips warm, moist. Her tongue finds mine and plays with it rubbing against it, tasting her taste on me.

Her fingers find my hard clit, reaching down between my legs as Marc fucks me from behind. Its too much for me, my orgasm slams into me like a tsunami, taking me for a ride, my pussy clamps around Marks rock hard cock and spasms.

My whole body shaking with the force of it, Vanessa continues to rub my clit and before I know it another orgasm hits me, sending me into total oblivion, I lean against the car, Marc screaming with primal need as he empties his warm seed into me.

We cum together harder that we have cum before, Vanessa leaning her head on my back as she rubs my clit into orgasm after orgasm. Marc's cum dripping out of me as it mixes with my own cum, and spilling down my legs. I lay my head on the hood of the car and sigh. Total exhaustion taking over me. Vanessa strokes my hair as Marc pulls out of me and kisses my back.

We dressed and laid the blanket down on the ground, spreading out our meal, we ate in silence, smiling quietly to each other.

" Well guys, it's been fun but I must be going " said Vanessa.

Wait and we will give you a ride the rest of the way " said Marc,

I quickly agreed, but Vanessa declined the offer saying that she had friends just down the road and would go there.

Thanking us for fun and the lift she turned her back on us and walked off down the road. Marc and I finished our meal quickly, packed up the car and left, hoping I think, to see her again, to get one last look at her eyes, her smile.