 She stepped inside the hotel room they had agreed to meet at. Upon entering, she saw nothing but darkness, no sounds, nothing. 

She called out his name, "Shane!! Shane!! Where are you?" 

But, still, nothing. She opened the door again to make sure she had the right room. Indeed, she did, but where was Shane? In seconds, her question was answered when she smelled the familiar scent of his cologne and felt a velvet blindfold being placed over her eyes.

"Don't say a word, Kristina," he whispered, grabbing her purse and sliding it down her arm.

"Shane, what are you doing? What is all this?" she asked.

"Shhhh, I told you, don't say a word," he repeated, taking her by the shoulders and leading her over to the huge king sized bed.

Kristina was both nervous and turned on, this was a side of Shane she had never seen before. True, their sex life had always been outstanding, but he had never done this before in the 4 years they had been married.

"Sit down, slowly," he instructed, guiding her body towards the bed.

Then, silence again. Where had he gone now? And more importantly, what was he doing now? 

Kristina sat on the edge of the bed, nervously awaiting Shane's next move. Just then, she heard a creaking sound, like an old door being opened. 

"Who's there?" she asked nervously, "Shane? Is that you?"

Suddenly, Kristina began to feel someone gently tugging her skirt upwards and rolling her tan nylons down. Then the warm sensation of a tongue dancing along her flesh, starting at her ankles and moving upwards, rather quickly.

"Ohhhh, Shane," she moaned, beginning to feel more relaxed, "Mmmm, you always did know how to touch me, baby."

Then, the tongue continued its upward journey, coming dangerously close to her red, lace panties. Kristina slowly laid back, opening her legs, just a bit, as the mysterious fingers began pulling the already moist panties down past her ass and completely off her body.

"Shane, baby, I need you," she moaned, opening her legs a bit more and scooting upwards, towards the giant headboard.

Still, Shane remained silent, and still, the fingers and tongue continued their work. She felt the warm breath kiss her already swollen clit, making her pussy beg to be fucked and licked. She moaned loudly as fingers slid deep into her pussy, opening her wide and gently gliding in and out, deep enough to make Kristina hot, but not enough to hurt her. 

Then, the warm tongue danced slowly over her engorged clit, lapping around in tight little circles, then long swipes of the tongue tip, just enough to almost send Kristina over the edge already.

"Ohhhhh, God, Shane, don't stop," she begged, already becoming breathless, "Please, please don't stop!"

And, the oral assault became more lively when a third finger was introduced inside Kristina's cunt, this time pumping it a bit further, and wiggling all three fingers deep inside her fuckhole. The lapping became faster, as her clit was sucked. 

She wasn't sure why Shane wanted to blindfold her, but it didn't matter, his tongue was magnificent. 

Kristina reached down and flipped her see thru blouse up, exposing her sexy size 40 D tits, instantly rubbing the swollen nipples, teasing and pinching them as her hips bucked and she fucked directly back into the tongue and fingers. She began moaning loudly, chanting Shane's name over and over, rolling her nipples in her fingertips and bucking her hips a bit faster now.

"Shane!!! Shane!!! Oh God!!!! Don't stop, baby!!! Please don't stop!!!" she groaned, thrusting her hips higher and whimpering like a wounded animal, knowing her climax was very close.

She panted and groaned, crying out each time the tongue danced over her sensitive clit. She brought her legs up and spread them wide open completely and rubbed her tits harder, bringing her left nipple up to her mouth and seductively sucking it, making loud slurping noises.

"SHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANE!!!!!!!!!!!!" she screamed, as her eyes rolled into her head and her mouth wide open, panting like a dog being fucked, "OH FUCK, I'M CUMMINNNNNNG!!!!!!"

And like a busted dam, Kristina let loose, releasing her sticky hot cream all over the warm tongue. She moaned and whimpered as the orgasm shook her, refusing to let her go. Her body quivered, including her thighs. Even her asshole was soaked from the quick and violent release of Kristina's cum.

As her body shook, the warm tongue continued lapping up the treat, sucking and slurping Kristina's clit and wet pussy lips, even her asshole. 

"Oh, God, Shane," she moaned, trying so hard to catch her breath, "Baby, fuck me, fuck me now!!!!"

But, Shane did not fuck her. Instead, he walked over and whispered, "Sit up, baby."

Kristina quickly obeyed and Shane untied the blindfold.

To Kristina's shock, Shane was still completely dressed, not even a hair on his head was messed up, which was weird considering every time that Kristina has an orgasm, she loves to pull Shane's ears and hair.

It was then that she saw her. 

A woman was crouched down at the foot of the bed, hair completely a mess, with shiny lips and a devilish grin.

"Hi, Kristina, my name's Kim," she said, standing up.

Kristina was speechless, all she could do was look back and forth between her husband and this strange woman. 

"Honey, listen," said Shane, "Don't be mad. I'm not having an affair or anything, I just thought it would be sexy to see a woman licking your pussy. I remember how turned on you get when we watch porn and the lesbians come on. I mean, if you think about it, this is no different."

"I'm sorry, Kristina," said Kim, "I hope I haven't overstepped my bounds here. Shane approached me about it and I thought it sounded hot. I've always wanted to be with another woman. Don't be mad at him, he was just doing what he thought you'd like."

Kristina's mouth was dry and her heart was pounding. Yes, the lesbians on the porn movies did turn her on, but she had never put herself in that scenario, it was always just something that she and Shane enjoyed watching together.

"Didn't it feel good, baby?" asked Shane.

Kristina swallowed hard and whispered, "Yes, yes it did feel good, but I naturally assumed it was your mouth on me, Shane, not a woman's."

"What difference does it make, baby? You had a good time, it felt good, what's the harm? I've known Kim for years, she's drug and disease free, there's nothing to worry about," he said, sitting down beside Kristina.

He slid his hand down between his wife's legs, gently caressing her pussy lips and kissing her earlobe, whispering, "Come on, baby, open up your mind, this could be so much fun."

Kristina never did learn how to tell Shane no about anything, this time would be no different. 

Kim began getting dressed and gathering up her belongings, when Kristina spoke up, "Wait, Kim, there's no need for you to rush off."

"Are you sure?" she asked, looking at both Kris and Shane.

"I'm sure, take your clothes off and stay awhile," said Kris, turning her head and kissing Shane passionately.

Kim undressed again, standing and watching the couple kiss and fondle each other like sex crazed teenagers. She walked over to the window and pulled the blinds down and made sure the door was securely locked, then joined them on the bed.

"You take your clothes off too, baby," said Shane to Kris.

Kris obeyed and began disrobing, as if she didn't have a shy bone in her body. Shane undress, also, and the party of three sat there, examining each other's bodies, all three instantly becoming aroused.

"I wanna fuck you both," said Shane, stroking his thick, seven inch cock, "Is that a problem, Kris?"

"Whatever you want, baby," she answered, as Kim moved closer to her.

Shane moved in behind Kim, who was now on her hands and knees on the bed.

"I want you to sit this one out, Kris," he said, placing his hands on Kim's hips and dragging her naked body closer to his, "Finger your cunt for me, baby, I want you to get off while I fuck the shit out of her."

Kris sunk down on the bed and opened her perfectly tanned legs as wide as she could. She watched Shane's cock slowly sink into Kim's pussy, until he was completely inside her, balls deep. Kris watched her husband's facial expressions twist as he fought to bring his cock back out of Kim's tight cunt. She heard his groans and watched his pace quicken as he slapped this strange woman's big ass, over and over, calling her a wet whore for hire.

Kris couldn't contain her arousal. She sunk three fingers deep into her aching pussy, watching Shane's every move. Watching Kim's big tits bouncing with every thrust. Their moans mixing together so perfectly as their naked bodies slapped together, echoing throughout the hotel room.

"You like this dick, baby?" Shane asked Kim.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" she groaned, "I should have fucked you alot sooner."

Amazingly, this didn't bother Kris at all. She knew her husband was hot and she had seen many women check him out over the years, so this came as no surprise to her at all. 

"I wanna fuck you alot more, Kim," he groaned breathlessly, "Every chance I get, God, your pussy's so fucking tight and warm."

Kris couldn't hold off any longer. The mixture of their dirty words and seeing Shane's cock driving in and out of this woman's pussy was just too much. She arched her back and began rubbing her clit so hard, she was shaking.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!" she screamed, again releasing her creamy cum all over the bed as Kim and Shane watched.

This proved to be too much for Shane also, and within seconds he was unloading his engorged cock deep into Kim's sloppy wet hairy cunt.

"Fuck!!! Take it, Kim!!!! Take my fuckin load!!!" he screamed, pumping vigorously into her pussy, jamming her cunt walls full of his seed.

Kim's own orgasm shot thru her like a cannon, sending her body into shakes and her mind into another zone. Her mouth was dry and her eyes locked inside her skull. Never had she ever had an orgasm this intense. Her legs barely held her up and her arms were shaking like jello in a bowl. 

"Now, Kris, baby, get your slutty ass over here, I wanna fuck your cunt now," said Shane, motioning for his wife, who was just now beginning to recover from her own orgasm.

Kim managed to crawl out of the way. But, before she could relax, Shane gave her an order as well.

"Kim, I wanna see Kris eat that delicious pussy I just fucked, lay your ass down while she eats you out, baby. I'm gonna watch while I fuck my wife," he said, pulling Kris's body to his and slapping her ass, as well.

Kim nodded and stretched out on her back, legs spread wide open, every hair on her pussy glistening from her cum, as well as Shane's. 

Kris moved her mouth in, taking in the scent of the fresh sex that just occured. Her mouth watered and she instantly slithered her tongue out, lapping up the cum inside Kim's pubic hair. 

Shane's cock hardened to steel when he saw this. He wasted no time jamming his freshly fucked cock deep into his wife's pussy, not caring if it hurt her or not.

He slapped her ass over and over, hearing her howl only made him push his big cock further into her pussy walls. 

"Yeah, baby, scream for me, scream for Shane," he chanted, thrusting in and out of his wife's cunt as she licked and lapped up the cum from Kim's pussy. 

Kim arched her back and shoved her cunt deep onto Kris's mouth, almost engulfing her entire face. Her hips bucked and she reached down and grabbed Kris's hair, pulling it and shoving her face further into the cum and pussy lips and hair.

"Oh fuck, eat her, baby, eat that sloppy cunt," Shane groaned, pounding into Kris's pussy, almost ripping her open with lust.

Kim moaned and began bucking her hips wildly, riding Kris's mouth. Shane watched his wife's tongue and his lover's big tit's bouncing and it was all he could do to hold off from cumming again so soon.

Kris buried her tongue deep inside Kim's asshole, toying with the rim and nibbling as she rubbed Kim's engorged clit, roaming her fingertips around in tight, hot circles, sending Kim into a frenzy.

"Eat me, Kris!!!! Fucking eat me out!!!!" screamed Kim, just seconds from her second orgasm.

Her mind was racing and the room was spinning as Kim tried to hold off, enjoying Kris's tongue inside her asshole, wiggling around deep. Kris's pussy began to tighten, a sign to Shane that she was about to cum herself.

"That's it, baby, cum on my cock, flood my dick, Kris," he yelled, pumping and fucking her cunt wildly.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, Godddddddddddddddd!!!!" screamed Kim, finally giving into her second orgasm and completely flooding Kris's face.

Kris slurped and sucked every droplet of cum that flowed from Kim's pussy, never missing a drop, even getting the stream that fell down to her asshole. 

Kim lay there, totally spent and satisfied. 

Kris's body began to shake as her second orgasm took hold, bending her insides and rocking her to the point she almost passed out. She could feel Shane pumping into her harder then he ever had before. His groans were deep and throaty and his breaths were ragged. One final thrust was all Kris could take. Her back arched and her pussy clamped tighter then a vice, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, God, Shaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaane!!!!!!!!!!, babyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy, oh fuuuuuuuuuck"

That was it for Shane, no more holding back. He pumped violently into his wife's sloppy wet pussy, hearing her juices splashing around, deep in her cunt, "Krisssssssssssss, oh fuck, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh goddamn, baby, oh shit, here it cumsssssssssssss!!!!!" 

Shane showered his wife's cunt with so much cum, her pussy kept spitting it back out. His legs became rubber and his body was drenched in sweat. He had never cum back to back like that before, but he wouldn't have traded this experience for the world. He had always fantasized about threesomes, but never knew how to approach Kris about it.

But, thanks to the success of their first threesome, Shane now knew it would no longer be a problem.