 As if things could get any dirtier after our sex on the couch, Steve, Tom, and Dustin proved to me that they were the dirtiest guys I'd ever been with. And I liked it!

When we all move dout onto the balcony we were still completely naked. I was lubed up from neck to knee and filled with cum so I looked forward to a little hot tubbing. I sat down in the bubbling water first. 

"That was the most fun I have ever had!" Announced Dustin. He sat next to me and put his arm around my shoulders. "You are one hot woman, Raynne. I hope we can have even more fun tonight." He smiled and gave me a kiss. 

"You have a really nice body, Dustin, and I really enjoyed everything," I told him. We were all still high and Tom came out with a case of beer. We started drinking as we lounged in the tub. Dustin's hand was under the water and on my leg in no time at all and Tom started sucking my breast after a few beers. Steve just watched. He was probably still a little spent from fucking me after I sucked him off. 

"I've never fucked a girl in the ass before," Dustin informed me. 

"Oh, it's great," Tom said. He and Steve had both enjoyed anal sex with me a few times, and they especially liked to double-fuck me. 

"Does it hurt?" Dustin asked me. I laughed and said: "Only at first, sometimes, but then it feels really good, especially if another hot cock is in my other hole." Dustin smiled and pinched my thigh playfully. We started kissing again and Tom rubbed my bare pussy under the water. I turned to Steve and asked him what his greatest fantasy was.

"Well," he slowly replied, "I've always wanted to tie a girl up..." 

"You've never done it?" I was surprised because all of these guys were so kinky. 

"No." He said, drinking his beer.

"Well lets do it!" Tom said, getting up. We all followed him into his bedroom. He pulled out some scarves and told me to come to the bed. I got up on the bed and he tied my hands above me to the headboard so I was splayed out on my back. Then he spread my legs and tied each foot to either side of the footboard. I was naked and my legs were spread, wide, with my hands above my head. I could only move a little. Immediately I noticed all 3 cocks at attention.

"How do you feel?" Steve asked as he apprached my immobile naked body. I was still wet from the jacuzzi and my nipples were sticking out from the sudden change of temperature and the arousal that my newfound position was causing me. I could feel my pussy warming up again. 

"I can't really move, but I feel so hot. Like you guys could just do whatever you want to me..." I licked my lips and smiled. Steve approached and stradled me. His hands were on my hips and his mouth explored my erect nipples. One of his hands slowly found its way to my swollen clit and started rubbing it. I moaned and squirmed but I couldn't move. Then Tom and Dustin approached and untied my legs, each of them holding one, moving them so they were high up in the air. My holes wer eopen and exposed with my legs in the air and Steve just kept fingering me. He stuck one finger in my dripping pussy and another into my asshole. I moaned again, this time more loudly. My pussy dripped even more and Dustin and Tom continued to hold my legs up, spreading them higher and further apart. 

"Well, Dustin, now's your chance to stick your cock into a girl's asshole. Look how ready she is." Steve said as he smeared my own juices all over my asshole and fingered me a little more, making me wetter and wetter. He pinched my clit hard and I squeeled. Dustin approached and I noticed his dick was so hard it was straining. I wasn't sure how good it would feel to have such a huge cock up my ass. 

"You want me to fuck you?" Dustin asked as his fingers replaced Steve's, rubbing my natural lube all over my cheeks and holes. 

"MmmHmmm," I replied as he positioned himself so the tip of his swollen cock pushed against my tight asshole. He started to push in as he kept fingering my slit. Tom and Steve held my legs up and apart so he could enter me easily. I moaned loud and breathed hard as he pushed his huge cockhead into my tight hole. I screamed as he pushed harder, allowing a couple more inches to slide in. His cock was so big! He growled and moaned, growing even bigger. Finally, in one thrust, he forced himself all the way up my ass until his balls pressed against me. I screamed in pain and pleasure as he filled my ass with cum instantly. 

"You're so tight..." He said after squirting his load into me. He pulled out and I moaned again.

"I still need to cum..." I moaned. Tom and Steve let go of my legs and tied them back up, spalying them further apart and making me completely immobile on the bed. Tom went into his dresser drawer and pulled out a huge dildo, about 12 inches long and 2 and a half inches thick, with an even thicker head. I gasped when I saw the size of it and immediately knew what they had planned. 

"We are gonna stick this into your wet little pussy while we take turns fucking your ass, Raynne," Said Tom. What a dirty idea! I couldn't say I wasn't aroused, though. 

"Be gentle..." I told him. "Maybe," he replied. Dustin watched as Steve lubed up my ass and Tom started to slide the fake cock up into my hole. I screamed as it went in and Steve rubbed my clit to help me stand it. Soon I was moaning as he stuck 10 inches into my ass and rubbed my clit until my pussy dripped in pleasure. 

"I knew you'd like it dirty like this," Steve said as he prepared to fuck my pussy. As I felt the head of his dick press into me I noticed that the huge dildo in my ass made my pussy so much tighter. Suddenly Steve's cock felt massive as he thrusted it in. 

"It's really tight," he groaned as he started fucking me and grabbing my tits. He leaned forward as he thrusted and bit my nipples so I'd scream and he smashed his cock into my tight hole while holding the fake cock in my ass. I moaned and screamed and he grunted. We looked and sounded like animals. Finally, Steve thrusted as hard as he could and held it in as he shot a massive load of sperm into my cunt. I felt his cum oozing inside of me as he pulled out, careful not to let the fake cock slip. 

Tom came up and replaced Steve, holding the few inches of fake cock that stcuk out of my ass. The rest was buried deep inside, causing my muscles to contract in orgasm constantly. I was moaning and squirming in pleasure when Tom stuck his hard dick into my sopping fuckhole. He thrusted slow at first, pulling all the way out then smashing all the way in. His cock was swollen to immense proportions as he rammed it in and out. Soon, his balls were slapping against me and my titls were shaking as he gripped my hips and fucked me hard. He screamed and moaned with me while he fucked, and the fake cock slowly started sliding out of my ass. This sent me over the edge into one of the best orgasms of my life. I could feel the wetness ozzing out of my pussy and onto my legs and Tom's hot cock. His dick thrusted in so far that I felt him hit my back wall and he came as I was still moaning in extasy. His juice was hot and it squirted hard as his prick filled me with even more cum. The dildo popped out of my ass as Tom's cock softened inside of me. He moaned again as he pulled out and announced that he had just had the best fuck of his life. 

They untied me and I told them what a hot time I had just had.

"You guys are dirty!" I exclaimed.

"You are too, you like it!" They replied. We all laughed and had another cigarette before I left to go home. I looked forward to more fun with these dirty bastards!