 A few weeks after the amazing foursome with Steve, Tom, and Dustin, I decided to go on a trip with my friend, Adam. Adam and I had been good friends for a few years but had never hooked up, although we both anjoyed telling each other the details of our encounters with others. Adam travelled a lot for his job (film maker) and I didn't see him very often, anyway. I am sure he has thought of hooking up as often as I have, but we just have never brought ourselves to do it.

Well, when Adam invited me along for a trip, I knew the time had come. He told me we'd be going to a Hawaiian beach resort where there'd be a marina (lots of boats) and that he would be working during the days but have the nights off. 

While we were on the plane on our way there, Adam told me an arousing story. 

"I went to this party because someone I work with told me it would be great. I didn't even know the host but I went anyway. It was in the hills in a big house," he explained as we sipped cocktails on the plane, halfway to Hawaii.

"I knew a few people, but not many, so I sat by the bar and got drunk, talking with random people who came up. Towards the end of the night, I met this woman," he leaned forward in his seat and spoke in a hush, "her name was Gina and she was alone - and drunk and bored, so she said. We started talking and she was totally flirting. She had on a tiny dress and she kept touching my shoulder or my thigh. Her tit's weren't fake but they were big and she practically had them popping out the top of her dress." 

I was getting very interested in the story as I sipped my drink. 

"When it seemed like the party was winding down, she asked me if I'd want to go in the hot tub with her," continued Adam, "and obviously I agreed. We went out back and there were not many people left but a few were standing around and a couple were in the pool, but the spa was empty."

"So we get to the edge of the tub and she just takes off her dress, totally naked under it! I almost splashed my cock right there!" We laughed and he continued.

"I took the cue and stripped down. We got in the tub and started making out. This girl was all over it! I was getting really into it and stopped caring if people could see us. I knew we had to be being watched by at least someone. We were practically jacking each other off naked in a hot tub at a party."

"Did you fuck?" I asked casually. By then I was pretty turned on by the story, regardless of the outcome. 

"Hell yeah we fucked. But it got crazy. We started fucking in the hot tub. She got halfway out so just her legs were in and she held the side of the tub while I was behind her, pounding away. We were drunk and horny, we didn't care if people saw, like I said. After a couple of minutes, I noticed that we had an audience. There was a girl and two guys watching from the chairs, not too far off."

"I was holding on to Gina's tits and she was screaming and it was obvious what we were doing and so I knew these people were into it if they'd stuck around. The girl looked at us with total lust and the guys had their dicks pretty much all the way out. While I was behind Gina I saw one of the guys start kissing the other girl and then she started sucking his cock, right there! The other guy just watched and jacked his dick."

"Well, when I saw that I started cumming. I fucked Gina so hard she was shaking and she didn't stop me from filling her up. Needless to say it was a fucking good time. When I pulled out she turned around and started kissing me and we kept making out in the hot tub. Her back was turned away from our audience so she didn't even notice me watching them. The girl was topless and the guy was pumping his cock into her mouth. When I saw her spit him out he came all over her tits."

"Mmm Hmm," I whispered. I couldn't beleive how hot Adam's story was making me. "What happened after that?" I asked.

"Nothing, really, we just made out for a while then left. I don't know what happened to the other three - the ones watching us. I never saw any of them after that." He looked almost sad but he had a little smirk so I knew he was OK. 

Then I noticed that Adam's hand was on my upper thigh and it was rubbing. I looked down and he stopped and pulled away.

"Sorry," he stammered, "I didn't even notice what I was doing. Must be the drinks..." He looked a little flushed. I just smiled and laughed a little. I snuck a glance at his pants and notice an erection.

"Bathroom, now," I whispered in his ear and got up. I made my way down the aisle and stepped into the tiny airplane bathroom. The stall was cramped with a tiny toilet and sink, plus a tiny counter and a mirror. It smelled like disinfectant. As soon as the door shut I heard a tap and opened it. Adam came in with me and shut the door behind him. We both hardly fit inside the joke of a room.

No words were spoken at first, just hands everywhere. We embraced tightly and started making out like crazy. His hand were on my tits, my ass, then rubbing my pussy through my panties under my skirt. My hands were in his hair and my legs wer slightly spread. He pushed my thong aside and started rubbing my dripping slit with his fingers. I moaned and spread open further.

My head was bent next to his so we couldn't see each other but we could hear each other breathing heavily. He continued to work my clit as I moaned lightly, trying to be quiet. I could feel his hard cock through his pants against my hip. My hands trailed to his belt and I undid the buckle, then the button and the zipper of his pants. I pulled everything down and out popped his cock. 

I had to look because I'd never seen it before. It was huge! I felt Adam's hands removing my thong and pulling my skirt up. I lifted one leg and he held it up while he slid his hard cock into my waiting hole. I gasped as he enetered me. We were pressed so close together that when his cock was all the way up, our hips met and my clit rubbed against him. His cock was seriosuly huge and it felt so good I almost screamed, but I held back.

"Oh shit," he muttered when he was all the way up me, my warm, wet hole closing in on him. He managed to thrust in and out pretty far despite the cramped circumstances. I used my hands to steady myself against the little counter and he continued to hold my leg up so he could fuck me. His other hand was up my shirt some of the time, squeezing my tits. He moaned and whispered in my ear: "I've wanted you for so long."

Just then I started cumming. I moaned and thrusted my hips into him as his cock pressed against my back wall. I leaned my head back and his lips were on my neck. My leg was almost kicking the door and he kept slamming into me as I climaxed. I squeeled a little with each thrust, his huge cock splitting through me. It was so hot. 

"Cum in me," I moaned into his ear as he reamed me with his cock. I was so turned on by fucking in the small airplane bathroom. My thighs were damp and my cunt was on fire. He thrusted hard and held it in while his cum splashed into me. He growled and sighed and pulled right out after he had finished. My leg dropped and his hands fell. We stood there for a minute and just caught our breath.

"You go out first," I told him. He smiled and kissed me hard then stepped out the door. I washed up and left shortly thereafter.

We slept the reast of the flight and woke up a little hung over but excited by our previous romp. When we got to the hotel we were staying at we raced to the bar and downed more drinks.

"I've never fucked on a plane before," I told Adam, smiling. He sipped his drink and replied that he hadn't either. It was only lunchtime and we decided to go to the marina. We walked down the docks drunkenly, observing various boats and people. We had changed into swimwear and I had on nothing but a black bikini and he wore board shorts. Everyone around us was similarly clad.

"Hey there," we heard a voice say from a yacht. 

"Us?" Adam loudly questioned, looking for a face. 

A muscled, tanned man in his early 30's emerged from the boat and approached the docks. He carried a beer and wore a towel around his waist. 

"How are you guys doing?" he asked in a friendly way. We were a little puzzled but we replied.

"I'm good, how are you?" I said.

"Great, great," he replied, "how would you two like to go for a little cruise?"

"Why us?" Adam asked the man.

"You look like you just got here. I thought you might want to have some fun." He winked at me. I just smiled and crossed my arms. 

"We did just get here," Adam told him, leaning in, "and we're a little drunk," he confessed in a whisper.

The man laughed loudly. "Who isn't?" He chided. 

"I'm Todd," he held out his hand.

"Raynne," I shook.

"Adam," he shook.

"Well then, what do you say?" 

Less than half an hour later we were on Todd's boat with his friend, Alan. We all held drinks and cigarettes and the boat was in the middle of the harbor, idle as we lounged. It was hot and sunny, and I was the only girl on board with these three guys. I felt all eyes on me, and soon, all hands. 

First, Adam was sitting next to me with Todd and Alan across from us. Adam's hand was on my thigh and he was rubbing, unconsciously, like on the plane. I just let it continue. Then, later, as Adam refilled his drink with Alan, Todd touched my shoulder and then let his hand fall to cup my breast. I put my hand on his and guided it down to my stomach. He pulled away when the other men returned.

After a few more drinks Todd offered to show me the boat's cabin. I followed him down to a door which he opened and closed behind us. A small bedroom and sitting room with a bathroom comprised the cabin. I was surprised at its size and the huge bed in the middle of the bedroom. Todd must have noticed me looking at it.

"It's a waterbed," he told me, smiling. "Go ahead, check it out."

I was drunk and I stumbled a little as I made my way to the bed. I sat down and the bed jiggled profusely, knocking me on my back onto the bed. It just shook more and made splashing sounds. I laughed and stayed lying down. I saw Todd approach and sit at the edge. 

"You're really hot," He told me, touching my ankle. I laughed and spread my legs a little. His hand travelled up to my thigh. When he couldn't reach any higher he climbed up onto the bed. It swayed a lot that time, sending me tumbling onto my stomach. I felt two hands around my waist. I tried to sit up but drunkeness and water bed movements prevented that. I was on my stomach propping myself up on my elbows. I tried to raise my legs but I could just get on my knees. Todd's hands travelled all over me while I struggled to maintain my balance, laughing. He pulled off my top and started rubbing my tits and pinching my nipples. I squeeled.

I looked behind me and noticed that Todd was naked and erect. His cock was fat and reddish, straining. He grabbed my bikini bottom and yanked it off then held my hips. He jammed his thick cock up my pussy and started fucking me. I screamed because I wasn't expecting it but in no time I was soaking wet and he was sliding in and out effortlessly. I managed to maintain my balance because he held me steadily on all fours while he pounded in from behind. He was the kind of guy who liked to pull his dick all the way out and then ram it all the way back in. I loved it.

I must have been a little loud because Adam and Alan came in the door and saw us fucking. I couldn't see them because I was turned away but I heard them gasp. Before I knew it, Adam's cock was in my mouth and Alan was watching me suck it. Adam's cock was so big I couldn't stuff it all into my mouth. Seeing me struggle to free a hand to wrap around it, Todd moved so that I was squatting on him backwards. I bounced on his dick, enjoying the feeling of having my hands free. The bed splashed loudly and Todd started moaning and grunting. I bounced hard and fingered my clit with one hand while I wrapped the other around Adam's wet cock. I sucked his knob and stroked his shaft until he blew a load down my throat. I swallowed while I continued to fuck Todd, my tits bouncing and my ass and pussy moving up and down his dick. Alan quickly placed his cock in my mouth after Adam stepped aside.

Todd could see his cock going in and out of my dripping hole as he firmly held my ass and hips. I was fucking him hard and he started to meet my thrusts. It felt so good to have a cock in my cunt and a cock in my mouth while Adam played with my tits. I started to cum loudly and wildly, moaning. Todd started cumming too, but he pulled out and sprayed his load all over my ass and back. He stepped off the bed and Alan pulled his cock from my mouth.

"I want to fuck you," he whispered in my ear in a harsh tone. 

"Fuck me then. Any way you want to," I replied back, equally harsh.

He pushed me over onto the side of the bed and layed me flat on my stomach with my arms flat above my hed and my legs together. He spread my cheeks far apart with his hands and plunged that huge dick between them, into my soaking pussy. My hole stretched to accomodated him and I moaned. The position was uncomfortable and my tits were pressed against the bedside. He held my ass cheeks apart so his cock could fit inside and fuck my cunt. I was so slick and he thrusted slowly in and out, his legs on either side of mine, his hips pressing into me. He leaned close and whispered in my ear.

"Sit on my cock," and he pulled out, letting go of my arms. I spun around and saw him lying flat on the bed, his dick in the air. I moved close and kneeled over him, my knees on each side of his hips. I slowly pushed myself onto him, sliding his cockhead into me first, then sitting all the way down until he was buried inside of my cunt, our hips meeting. He reached forward and rubbed my clit with his fingers and then my tits. 

"Mmmm," I moaned and started to ride him. His cock was so huge I couldn't believe it but he managed to fit inside of me, filling me so full that I started cumming over and over again, moaning and sighing. When I was as wet as I had ever been he let a finger slip inside of me with his cock. I don't know how he fit it in there but he did and he rubbed right against my clit. I was on fire and I screamed in continuous orgasm. I felt his cock tense up and he grunted. 

He came deep inside of me. I could feel his hot cum splashing against my insides as his finger rubbed me and his cock thrusted hard into me. When he was done, I got off of him and collapsed on the bed, halfway passed out. I couldn't move, my eyes were closed, but I was awake.

"Raynne?" I heard Adam say.

"Mmmm..." was all I answered, my eyes still closed. I was on my back and my legs were splayed across the bed, probably giving the men a nice view of Alan's cum seeping out of my hole. 

Then I felt more hands on my body. I was being touched by two of them - I am not sure who was who because I kept my eyes closed and didn't really respond. It felt good though. I just didn't have the energy to move. I felt someone spreading my legs and bending my knees so that I was in a lewd position, allowing a full view of my open pussy and ass. I was still naked and my arms were to my sides. I felt a finger slip into my warm slit and start probing.

I felt a damp, hard cock against my leg and another finger slipped into my cunt, then another. One of the men was finger fucking me while another had his stiff cock against my leg and his hands on my tits, rubbing me. I felt my legs being pushed higher into the air and spread farther apart. I could feel liquid gushing out of me as the fingers pushed in and out and rubbed between my lips. My mouth opened slightly and I moaned. 

Then the fingers were gone and I felt a swollen dick at my entrance. He rubbed it all over my wetness and up and down from my clit to my asshole, making me so wet I thought the waterbed broke open. Then after a while of this, I felt the cock thrusting into me really hard and fast. The man started to screw me and I could hear his cock slipping out, making slurping noises as he thrusted. His fingers were on me, too, and one pushed into my tight asshole. I felt my arms being raised above my head and another dick touched my nipple. 

I was moaning but I still couldn't move. I just let them do whatever they wanted with my naked body. Fingers pushed in and out of both holes, cocks pushed in and out of both holes, and sometimes I'd feel a dick pressing into my mouth. When that happened, I just opened and sucked, letting whoever it was stick their knob into my throat and cum. 

I felt cum splatter into my mouth and then onto my tits and stomach. I felt hands rub it all over my body and then a cock pushed into me and pulled me up, my eyes still closed. I was positioned on my stomach after that, while one guy fucked my cunt from below and another pushed his knob into my ass a little, but didn't go all the way. When he pulled out, I felt another cock push into my ass, while the other continued to fuck my pussy. This time, the cock went all the way into my ass and started pumping. 

I was limp and half passed out but aware and moaning because it felt so good to have all these men doing these things to me. At one point, while one fucked my ass and one fucked my cunt, another pushed against my mouth. I recognized this to be Adam and I sucked hard and well because I knew he loved having his dick sucked inside a warm mouth. He pushed far into my mouth but I continued to suck and moan while the other two pushed their swollen cocks in and out of my wet holes until I felt both splatter their juice inside of me and pull out. I came countless times as well. I felt Adam slip out of my mouth and then slip into my cunt while I laid on my back, motionless. He held my legs up so my ankles were almost at my head and he just fucked me hard and piston-like.

I could hear him moaning and he came inside of me then collapsed on top of me, his cock still halfway up my canal. I think he fell asleep. I must have, too, because when I woke up, I was under the blankets in the bed and it was dark. I got up and went into the bathroom for a shower. I didn't hear any of the guys but I knew they must be on deck. After my shower I wrapped up in a towel and went up to check it out.

"There she is!" They cheered and motioned for me to sit. I sat on Adam's lap and asked what time it was.

"Almost 10," he replied. I had slept a long time and so had they. They were holding drinks and they offered me one. I took it and and started to sip. Maybe later we could have another go, I thought as a hand rubbed my back and another rubbed my leg.