 Louisa and Glen laughed uncontrollably as I failed miserably again. That was the fourth time in a row that I had to remove an item of clothing in this round of strip snap. We weren't in a sober enough moods to play poker and since Louisa and I had never played it seemed too much hassle to teach us the rules. Brad grabbed at the strap on my bra as Glen chanted the striptease tune. I managed to adjust the sleeping bag as so to avoid no embarrassment and the bra was off to cheers all around.

After about 20 minutes Louisa and I were completely naked under our sleeping bag covering, much to the dislike of our male partners. Brad had on one sock and his boxers and Glen, his boxers, socks and T-shirt. We were all getting a little bored of the game and Louisa and I decided that we would get some more drinks in and hopped in our sleeping bags to the kitchen. Once in there we relaxed our tight clutches around our sleeping bags as we had been friends for years and nakedness was no shock to us. We talked typical girlie talk as friends do. She liked Glen and I had fancied Brad for ages, and seeing as we had all spent a lot of time together we decided that we would make our move tonight. Little did we know that was the plan of the boyz, but their plan had a kick to it.

We hopped back in to the room to find they had dimmed the lights, lighted some candles, some incense and put some mellow music on. We chucked them their cold beer and they passed each other the bottle opener. We each sat down next to our chosen man and all talked the night away. Hours passed till we eventually settled in to our own private conversations. 

Brad was a wonderful person. I was amazed at all the things we had in common, the same music, animals, saving the world and fortune telling. He delicately took my hand and read my palm. I was to be lucky in the future, live a long fruitful life and have three children!! He has lovely smooth hands himself and a lovely touch. Glen and Louisa were softly talking and every so often Louisa would give a little giggle and put her hand over her face as in embarrassment. The drinks tasted good, not to many as to spoil the evening, the candles romantic and the incense left a seductive smell in the room.

Brad and I were getting ever so close and opening up to each other in a way we had never done before. He knew me and I felt like I knew him. We kissed gently, leaning forward to each other. Seeing as I still had my sleeping bag as cover things got a bit awkward but it did not pose a problem at the moment. He put his hand on my head and pushed my head closer to him and pushed his tongue into me so gently that I thought I would come there and then. I had never got such feeling from a single kiss before. It was if a whole new sexual world had been opened up for me.

I had slept with a couple of people before and so had Louisa but we decided that we would wait with these men as we really liked them and did not want to ruin things. Sure I had been a bit adventurous before as well and Louisa and I had many a sleepless night telling each other of our fantasies. 

It seemed like we had been kissing for an eternity and I knew that this was it and that tonight I would make love to this man. I pushed away to see Louisa and Glen in a similar predicament. I broke away to go to the toilet and to tidy my self-up a bit. When I came out I saw Louisa in the kitchen and we talked of how this was the night and if things went faster with her and Glen she would go into the bedroom and leave us in the living room.

We parted and I hopped (as result of sleeping bag) in to find Glen and Brad talking. They stopped and Glen went in to the kitchen to meet Louisa. Brad pushed me on to the floor and climbed on top of me and kissed me passionately. He held my hands and pushed them over my head and held me down. He kissed my neck and down on to my chest. He kissed my breasts and pushed down the sleeping bag and kissed and sucked each nipple, taking care of detail, taking his time. 

Although there was music softly in the background I heard Louisa and Glen enter the room. I felt a bit embarrassed but Louisa had seen me snog many a bloke at parties. I was overtaken by passion so much that I really didn't care. Without looking I sensed that they where on the couch which was a bit close for comfort but I didn't mind. 

Brad rolled on to his side and unzipped the sleeping bag most of the way down. He left it covering me for the sake of courtesy. He massaged my breasts with his hand and then my belly. Every so often I would feel his nails on my skin that would send great waves of feeling all through my body. His hand moved further down till he found my pussy dripping with longing. He lightly touched my clit and I wanted to scream out in pleasure. He gently rubbed his hand up and down my lips till I nearly came. With one subtle move his finger was deeply buried in me and the main switch in my mind blew and I came with little shudders.

I gestured to him to let me relax for the moment and to cool off. The moment had been wonderful. When I looked up to my amassment Glen had Louisa out of her sleeping bag and writhing around the couch with his tongue glued to her clit. He stopped for a breath of air and looked at us. As if nothing needed to be said he leant forward to kiss me and I did not push away. I could taste Louisa and I was immediately turned on again. Brad had moved over to Louisa and they where kissing passionately and he had his fingers in her moving them in and out, in and out. Her breathing quickened, she seemed to hold her breath then she sighed and relaxed in a post orgasmic slump. 

I was feeling so horny that I could not get enough of Glen and Brad could see. He pulled the remaining bit of sleeping bag off me and left me there naked in front of Glen. Brad returned and again found my clit with his fingers. I was in seventh heaven. He opened my legs and put his mouth to my aching pussy. He could not lap up my flowing juices quick enough. I was writhing around with the pair of them. Louisa had removed the clothing of both Brad and Glen and sat on the floor watching what was going on with a finger on her own clit. 

Glen stopped kissing me and went over to Louisa. Both men had the most beautiful erections and it was their turn. He lay on his back and Louisa lowers herself over his face and held his penis in her hand. She rubbed it up and down to her own rhythm nearly blowing Glen's mind. She kissed and flicked her tongue over its ruby head and on occasions put as much as she could in her mouth, in and out, sucking all the way. Glen was near eruption and when Louisa started to cup and fondles his balls he came in great waves of sensation.

Brad looked at me and kissed me teasingly always leaving me wanting more. He moved my body where he wanted and massaged his own penis to get the best erection he could. I suddenly decided that I would take control of the moment and pushed him off quickly and jumped on top of him. He lay there with me writhing around on top of him and with a couple of attempts his penis was inside me and filling me with such feelings of pleasure. 

I was holding him so tightly that we were beginning to slide over each other with sweat. He reached around me and grabbed my bum checks and massaged them to his own rhythm but I was to have none of that. He then felt around to my arsehole and with the juices that where flowing out of my pussy placed one finger up my arse and with a slow rhythm that matched my rhythm of making love to him. I was so very close to having my second orgasm that I sat up for a breath only to see Glen and Louisa watching us. 

Glen kissed me again searching my mouth with his tongue. He stopped and pulled Louisa closer and placed his fingers in her pussy and she dropped her head back and gasped with pleasure. She then leant forward and put her head to my breast and kissed my nipple, sucking and biting with such feeling that only a woman could. I couldn't take this much more and with all the attention and throbbing I had the greatest orgasm that I had ever experienced. My body tingled all over and I had waves of energy flow all through my body.

They all let me relax and Brad gave me the most wonderful hug in the world. In all the excitement he had pumped all the cum he could in to me. I was wet with juices and sweat but I wasn't allowed to wash it off. Louisa pushed me on to the floor and opened my legs and started by licking my thighs where Brads cum had trickled down. She loved the taste of sperm more than I did and so therefore lapped it up like she hadn't tasted it for years. Her own pussy was wet and she longed for a good fuck. 

She was on all fours licking me out and Glen took the advantage of her open inviting hole. He knelt in front of her and slowly placed the first inch of his penis in her then out teasing her with every stroke. She loved every minute and her tongue darted in and out of my pussy in the same rhythm of Glen and his penis. Louisa had orgasmic sensations rippling through her body with every stroke. She was on fire and was about to explode with passion. She let out a cry as she reached her orgasm and her whole body tensed with the feeling. 

Glen however was still to have his fun and whispered something in her ear. She agreed and she lay on her side as he placed his dripping hard penis to her arsehole. He pushed gently and slowly inserted his full length in to her anus. She writhed in sheer pleasure as Glen pumped with ecstasy. Brad took the advantage of her breasts being free and so beautiful began to kiss them licking her nipples. She pulled him closer and held his penis in her hand and quickly pumped him up to hardness. She guided him to her wet pussy and let him insert it in her. He thrust hard because he knew that Glen could not take the friction much longer. He began to shudder and pump copious amounts in to her anus. She then came again and her vaginal contractions excited Brad that he came almost instantly.

The three of them collapsed in a heap with the two men with limp manhoods. I however was so turned on by this that I dived to Louisa's dripping pussy to repay the compliment as she had done to me. She tasted so good. The mixtures of her own juices and those of Glen and Brad tasted so good. The juices where again flowing in my own pussy again and Brad started to lap them up. Glen also reached round and placed one finger in my pussy and the other up my arsehole. It was mot long till I again came and Brad lapped up all the juice.

We all collapsed together with a feeling of spent relaxation and decided that we would all like to repeat the evening. We all then fell asleep in each other’s arms.