 All their friends were gathered for this big event, you know the kind where everyone dresses up in uncomfortable clothes and makes small talk about how happy we all are. I wont bore you with details. Jack and Annie had gotten a hotel room because the drive home would be a killer after partying late into the evening. Their friends stopped by their room say hi as they arrived to join the festivities. One of Annie's friends in particular was from far away and sorely missed by Jack and Annie, so she never left their room once she arrived, which was fine with them. Annie and her good friend Lena spent the afternoon putting away as much alcohol they could consume and were quite tipsy in short order. The day wore on and it came time to get ready to join the party in the main ballroom so Jack started getting ready. 

Now the odd thing about this suite was that between the bathroom in the parlor area and the bedroom itself there was a glass block wall. And directly on the other side in the bedroom was the Jacuzzi style bathtub and Jack wasn't going anywhere without cleaning up first. Had there been a shower in this tub he would have taken one but since the bath was the only option if he didn't want to traverse through the parlor where the people were he would have to make due. The tub was high off the floor and in truth it could have used an extra step to assist in entering and exiting this tub. So after filling the tub to a reasonable depth Jack climbed in the tub to get washed up. All the while he is getting ready to get in the tub the guests were leaving their room and quickly it was only Annie and Lena left to sip their drinks, Lena was a beer drinker who didn't exactly sip her drink, while Jack got into the tub. Now at the precise time Jack was climbing in Lena decided she needed to use the facilities. So as she is walking into the outer bathroom she turns her head to see Jacks backside through the glass block as he gets in the bath. Now while you were in the bathroom you had a distorted but yet clear view into the bedroom and especially the tub therein. Maybe it was the beer or it could be that Lena just had a wicked side but unbeknownst to Jack Lena stood and watched as he bathed and got very worked up at the show.

Jack continued to get ready and was soon in his socks, slacks and a t-shirt when he opened the bedroom door to see what was going on in the parlor. There he saw his wife and Lena still imbibing and laughing away all by themselves. "Everyone's gone;" Jack asked. 

"Hey I'm still here!" Lena countered. 

"I see that" Jack retorted and went back to finish dressing without closing the door. But you know that the half in the bag woman had to have the last word. And as Jack turned around after retrieving his shirt from the armoire, there was Lena. 

"Don't I count?" she asked and she ran her hands up his torso up to his shoulders and sliding them behind his neck. 

"Of course you do Lena," he returned, innocently giving her a peck on the cheek. 

"Jack, I really enjoyed the show, and would love to see it in person sometime." Jack had not the slightest clue what she was talking about and before he could ask what she meant she was returning to the parlor area of the suite.

After the festivities in the ballroom were over Jack and Annie went back to their room and well, being out of town and somewhat inebriated, romance was in the air. They changed out of their party attire and into more comfortable sleepwear. Annie brought a short see through negligee with spaghetti straps and left her panties in the suitcase. Jack wore just the bottoms of his pajamas. Upon her entrance from the bedroom, Jack presented her with a glass of wine and even had one himself. The prospects had both of them already in a state of arousal and they were kissing and fondling each other when there was a distinct and un-ignorable knock at their door!

"Oh wasn't it a wonderful party?" Lena expounded as she breezed into the room. She rushed to the fridge and got herself a beer before any conversation could ensue and then she rushed to Annie and wrapped her arms around her with a thank you for the invite and for being with her the whole day and gosh wasn't it wonderful! Jack really is a good-natured guy and he just had to smile cause that was Lena all over. The thing was that she was hugging his half naked wife, showing no sign of plans to let go and it was kind of hot so his erection from the previous grope fest with Annie had not subsided at the least. Annie was trapped in Lena's arms her ass fully exposed to Jack from Lena's embrace. Lena was actually planting many kisses on Annie's face and since Annie was no less aroused she could feel a distinct moister leakage down her inner thighs. Lena kisses got more passionate and Jack moved in to take the beer from her right hand. Free from the lager Lena's hand roamed down to cup Annie's exposed butt cheek and Annie lurched forward into Lena's embrace due to the fact that she had just been holding a very cold beer. Lena of course took this as an indication to continue and she added her left hand to Annie's posterior and began to massage her cheeks in a manner to foster Annie's labia to rub together. Now Annie had never once indicated she would be interested in being with another woman and Jack was very surprised at her intense reaction, but made a note of the fact that there was no resistance. In fact Annie was now kissing Lena back and thoroughly enjoying her friend manipulations. Jack knew the old saying, "Don't look a gift horse in the mouth;" and while for a second he thought about how there might be ramifications in the morning the option of two drunken horny woman was much to tempting to spend allot of time thinking about tomorrow.

Jack moved in behind Lena and unzipped her dress, reached to her shoulders and pulled each strap separately off her so as not to disturb the women's make-out session. The dress fell to the floor and Lena was not wearing a bra, a surprise considering she was no slouch in the breast department. He removed her short slip and panties in one motion and discarded the clothing to the chair close by. He placed his hands on Lena hips and brought his face to her backside licking upward as he stood to press his erection into Lena's ass cheeks. She could feel his cock throbbing like a heartbeat at her round butt's crack and pushed back toward it. Annie in the meanwhile felt Jacks hands surround them both and sighed in Lena's mouth as his hands pulled upward on her nightgown. Lena moved her kisses downward to Annie's breasts and began to suckle and grope her with the same passion that she had been kissing Annie. 

Now Jack was the only one with clothes on and he thought he should try and move them into the bedroom, realizing this could possibly end the fun then and there. He gently took their upper arms and guided them to their destination and they followed willingly, pausing only to climb into the overstuffed bed. 

Jack realized it was now or never and removed his pajama bottoms and moved onto the bed and began caressing the women's legs in an upward motion toward their bottoms. He fondled them gently, working his way between the women till they parted enough for him to be looking down as they took turns at each other's breasts. Lena and Annie both reached up to grasp Jacks erection and just for a second he thought he might ejaculate then and there. Lena propped herself up so her face was near Jack's cock and said" I've wanted this since this morning when I saw it through the glass. The light went on in Jack's head as he realized she had been spying on him through the glass when he bathed. He even felt a little embarrassed for not knowing; yet here he was naked in both women's grasp. Lena moved her mouth over Jack's dick and Annie pulled him into Lena's mouth by grasping his butt. The women took turns licking and swallowing his dick like it was a contest. Poor Jack was really having trouble keeping his control and he needed to distract their machinations for him. He worked each of his hands between the women's legs and stroked their vulva's enjoying the amount of fluids he found on each. His wife Annie had always had very neat cunt lips; the inner lips are small and flower out only slightly when she is aroused. Lena's pussy lips were larger and it was obvious they spent their existence hanging outside her outer lips and Jack found this difference exciting. He grasped her lips and fully extended them out but still in a gentle manner eliciting a moan around his cock from Lena. Annie is a huge fan of being fingered and she lay back to enjoy Jack's familiar manipulations and reached over to fondle Lena's body at the same time. 

Pushing Lena down to the mattress Jack moved between Lena's legs and began to rub his cock around her pussy hole and over her clit getting his cock head wet before plunging it in to the root in one stroke. He leaned in and just enjoyed the feeling of her warm, wet pussy as Annie rolled up to her knees to kiss him as he fucked her friend. She groped their genitals as they made out, finding the feeling of his cock sliding smoothly in and out of her friend's wet cunt very exciting. She began sucking on Lena's breasts and feeding Jack's arousal and he pistons harder and faster into his new sex partner. 

Then Lena began to literally vibrate from her head to toe. Her legs gave a surging jerk and shook with pleasure. This was more stimulation than Jack could take and he felt lucky to have held off this long and not knowing Lena's birth control situation he pulled his cock out of her pussy and spewed his sperm forth onto Lena's body and Annie's face simultaneously. Annie lapped up Jack's cum that had landed on Lena breasts as Jack moved up to offer his dripping cock to Lena's mouth. She sucked it in as though it was her last meal, so hard in fact; she sucked some piss from his bladder and made Jack yelp! Annie moved in to share the lapped up cum with her friend and Jack sat back to rest his abused dick. 

The women kissed and groped each other gently for a short while and Jack moved to plant kisses on Annie buttocks and bury his face in her ass cheeks to lick her pussy and asshole. This caused her to raise ass up to allow him full access and he burrowed deep into her cunt hole and licked her clit as she lay with her own face buried in the mattress. Lena moved behind Jack and gently fondled his cock as she planted kisses on his backside and running her tongue between his cheeks. Annie arousal had been building for a long time and now the damn burst. She pushed back firmly against Jack's tongue and flooded his mouth with a copious amount of her juices, her ass quivering against his face. By now Jack's cock and returned to it's stiffened state and he rose up to plunge it into Annie causing her to have a second orgasm immediately. Jack pulled his glistening prick out of Annie and Lena gobbled it down her throat savoring the pussy juice of her friend. Annie joined her and they alternated sucking Jack's cock and balls to another shared facial. They soon fell asleep in a group with the women nestled under Jack's arms and their heads resting on his chest.