 A month or so after the affair at Leda's castle Clete called and invited me to dinner the next weekend. Casual, we'd do a cook-out on the patio unless the weather was bad, he said. I asked if I could bring a date and Clete sounded a little odd, so I shrugged although he couldn't see it and said I probably wouldn't bother, unless something came a long that was too good to turn down.

Nothing did so here I was walking in the cool of the late afternoon sun up Clete and Marci's driveway, wondering once again what the evening might bring. Just in case, I'd stopped and picked up a big bottle of one of our favorite red wines, a nice smooth Cabernet.

Marci met me at the door with a smile and a big hug that told me she wasn't wearing a bra under the UW sweatshirt. "C'mon in you big lug," she said. "I've missed you. An' I hope you've missed me."

I hugged her back and registered that we'd answered one question that had been nagging at the back of my mind. Marci at least didn't consider our intense sexual encounter at Leda's orgy to be a problem for our ongoing relationship. That was good and at least one part of my anatomy was happy. Unless Clete developed a problem after we'd fucked, I was looking forward to being with Marci again. She was one of the best experiences of my life. "Clete's in the playroom and I'll be there in a mo."

I snagged a cold beer and tromped on down the stairs. There was a game on the big wall-mounted television. I recalled that the last time I'd gone down those stairs to the playroom, Clete hadn't been alone, and he and the two women with him were all naked. But then, so was I.

"Hey, buddy, grab a sofa," he waved me down and in a few minutes we were just a couple of buds hanging out, watching a game and drinking beer. A commercial came on and he muted the sound, rolling up on one haunch so he could look at me. "So, how you doing?"

"I'm doing fine," I said seriously. "But I get the impression maybe there's something going on? Do we have a problem?"

Clete blinked and stared at me for a silent minute. He frowned and then a big smile came and then went. He took a shot from the beer bottle in his hand and nodded to himself. "Oops. You're wondering if I'm okay about the other night. With Marci."

"Well, yeah, because if—"

"Nah, it's cool. I get it. You wanted to bring a date and I sounded kinda cool to the idea, yes?" He grinned. And you thought I was upset because you and Marci connected." He grinned again and made a circle with thumb and finger and jacked the neck of the bottle in and out a couple of times. There was no mistaking his meaning. "Nah, we're very cool. Marci says you are one fine lover. I hadda put my foot down tonight. She wanted to greet you at the door naked and jump your bones immediately. But I told her we needed to talk first and fuck later."

I shook my head. Clete was not being particularly clear. But I was getting the message that our relationship was okay. That was a relief.

Marci came into the room just then and plopped down in the big chair with her husband. She whacked him on the hip and said, "Slide over, ya lug. Give me a little room here." He did and she slid lower beside Clete. Her sweatshirt pulled against her breasts and I could see the outline of a nipple where it lay against Clete's hip. Clete saw me looking and grinned again.

"The reason we wanted you to come alone is because we think you are ready for the next step." Marci looked at me seriously and fiddled with her nipple through the cloth. I was starting to get an erection. "The thing at Leda's is pretty rare, and it's really not our scene, not to mention it costs a lot of money when you add it all up.

"We have our own group, it's kind of an adventure group. You already know that Clete and I have a sort of an open marriage. But we're really swingers."

"That means we don't fuck around except together," Clete said. "There are lots of ways to do that and we want to try most of them."

"The biggest problem is people's attitudes," Marci went on. "So most swingers seem to gravitate into tight groups of folks they can all trust. That works well until the group changes in some way. Our group had just lost three people and it's only eight to start with. So you can think of this as a recruiting conversation."

I was surprised. Stunned maybe. To collect myself I drained my beer bottle down my throat. When I looked over at Clete he was nodding. "Nice, right down the gullet. You should try a dildo." He chuckled. The kitchen timer dinged and Marci struggled up. "Continue without me," she said.

"Thing is this, normally we'd be looking for another couple or two. But it takes a long time to be sure before we approach someone. I hope you realize that if you say no, that's okay but you have to promise not to tell anyone about this conversation."

"I get it. Not a problem. Even though I'm single, you want me to join your group. Even though you know I also don't have a lot of experience."

"Oh yeah, that's why we made sure you'd be at our last party and wangled you an invitation to Leda's."

Clete went on to explain that both he and Marci were vouching for me which helped and there was another reason. For years I'd been a good amateur photographer as they both knew and I even did some video weddings for relatives. They'd turned out pretty good so people knew about me. Clete and Marci's group was excited by the possibility of building a library of their activities. Marci hollered down that dinner was ready and to come up. We continued our conversation at the dinner table, downing my wine and another bottle as well.

"So you want me to run cameras at your parties while all you lechers have an orgy. Is that it?"

Marci giggled. "Well, yes but there are fringe benefits." She giggled again. She did that whenever she got a little high on wine.

"Lots of them," said Clete solemnly. "Lots. I won't claim we all have movie-star looks but we sure know what to do with the assets we have."

"Well, I'm game, I guess, but there are some limits."

"Like?"

"No abuse, I mean light bondage or spanking if there's full agreement. No kids and no animals."

Marci smiled a big smile and jumped up to throw her arms around me and give me a big smooch. "Yay! We're gonna have a grand time."

I moved one of Marci's breasts aside so I could stick out my right hand toward Clete. He grabbed it and we shook. Then he dropped my hand and stood up. Mumbling something about a call he left the room. Meanwhile Marci wriggled around on my lap. She stuck her tongue in my ear and bounced a little. "Hmm, is that a cucumber or are you glad to see me?"

I snorted and captured her lips. What the Hell? This was a weird evening and the future of more friends with benefits was just over the horizon. Clete came back and I caught him giving Marci a wink and a nod. We adjourned to the play room for after-dinner drinks and Clete went to a rack of video tapes. I'd noticed on earlier visits that they were numbered but had no titles. I was mildly curious but had never asked about them.

He selected one and said, "I want you to look at this. The couple who left town did some videos."

An image came up that was a hand-lettered slate, not well lit and sort of shaky as if both the slate and the camera were carelessly hand-held. The tape was a compilation of several group parties over a few years, because I saw women whose hairstyles changed, and one woman who went from overly plump to a pleasing voluptuousness. Marci and Clete were in the video, so I knew this was their swinging group.

"Some of the guys really like seeing their wives like this, sucking or doing other guys. Some of the women want to show themselves on the Internet now." Marci was staring at the screen, her lips open. Her breathing seemed to be getting heavier.

"A few of the members have made pictures of themselves and uploaded them to places like Literotica and other sites." Clete scratched his crotch and went on, "That's hard to do even with a timer. Getting good pictures. Too much to think about." He switched off the video.

"Well, it's pretty unprofessional quality, I told him. Bad lighting, jerky camera work, no real sense of shot sequences. I've looked at porn on the net and you either get really good pro work with lots of closeups and no sequence,"

"Just sucking and fucking," Marci giggled.

"Right, and often some really phony soundtrack. But some of the better amateur sites have some really good videos."

"You can do it better, right Greg?" It was almost a plea and I started to answer then the doorbell chimed.

Marci went to see who it was and I heard her greeting several people. Three couples came down the stairs with a level of hesitation and uncertainty. I didn't know any of them. I was introduced and Clete gave everybody drinks. We chatted for several minutes like you would at any neighborhood party, expect for the tension in the room. Finally I decided to move things along since neither Clete or Marci seemed ready to do so.

"First, I'm really pleased you've approached me to join your group. I'm looking forward to being with you all. I don't mind telling you I have a lot to learn." I caught a raised eyebrow or two and went on. "I wish I had my copy of a naked wedding I shot last year. It was a really interesting experience."

I went on to explain that a couple from out of town wanted an outdoor wedding with some unusual experiences so they thought of renting an isolated farm to stage their wedding. Everybody in the wedding party was nude. The bride had six attendants and there were five groomsmen and the best man.

The guys wore gloves and bow ties and shoes. The women wore veils and gloves and shoes. About fifty people showed up for the wedding and they didn't know ahead of time what the "unusual aspect" was. The ushers wore Speedos. A few people left when the first naked groomsman brought the mother of the bride down the central aisle to her chair. The problem was that all the guys got erections when they first paired up with their bridesmaid. Or they got hard walking down the aisle, The groom was only half hard until he saw his bride with a long flowing white veil and a big train, but nothing to conceal her front. I leaned back in my chair and smiled at the ceiling in memory. "She was an outstanding specimen of ripe young womanhood. Her auburn hair was up, her face was lovely, her breasts were outstanding, probably double Cs capped with hard rosy nipples. She was a real vision.

One of my listeners asked, "Was she shaved?"

"No" I said. "Carefully trimmed in a heart shape, but not shaved. I thought she was very sexy."

"See? I told you that, Brian. A little mystery can be a terrific thing." One of the women in the room.

"Especially if you aren't just the perfect look, down there." Another of the women in the room.

"Obviously we're going to have to have an examination, at some future time," said a guy I later identified as Allan. He had a very low voice and a really nice smile. "It has become a question of style. Whose pussy is widest, longest, has the biggest inner lips."

"Smells best?" interjected another voice.

"Grips best."

"I think," I interjected, "that in my limited experience, best pussy is not something that can be determined once and for all." There was soft laughter.

"Meow," said Marci. "Good for you. We do talk about these things because its hard not to but we've never gone in for that kind of competition. Other circumstances, like which guy can hold out the longest from a hand job, sucking, or double-sucking." There were gales of laughter.

"You mean two tongues?" I asked. The image that flashed to my mind was delicious.

"Yep, and next time we're gonna add a titty fucking category as well." More laughter. Quickly then the formality of the group broke down and I felt a warm flush of friendship and provocative desire replace the tension in the room. A woman I would have judged to be the oldest in the room approached me.

"Welcome to fun and games. I'm Rhoda. Clete and especially Marci have told me much about you." I can't wait to know you better." She leaned in and her full lips touched my cheek. I thought I felt the tip of her tongue but I wasn't sure. Rhoda was a large sultry looking woman of around forty-five I guessed. Not my normal type, but as I was to learn, large women have something very special to offer. Her bust was encased in a high-necked tight ribbed sweater. I could see she was wearing a bra that fully covered her breasts and pulled them together. She watched me looking at her breasts and smiled. Then she calmly took my hand and ran it up under her sweater, right up into her considerable cleavage. It was warm and tight and very stimulating. She held me there under her chin for a moment and whispered, "Just imaging how your penis will feel in that place." Then she smiled and slid my hand out of her sweater.

My penis had definitely figured out how it would feel. Wow! I looked around to see my new and future sex buddies all engaged in some light groping and feeling. It reminded me of my high school days when some parties would become mutual grope sessions without any real sex and no skin.

Soon, because it was getting late, two of the couples left and there were just five of us remaining. Collette, a stunning blond who had obviously had some bust enhancement surgery smiled at me in a predatory way and said, "Well, if no one else will say it, I'm ready to try some fresh meat. Any objections?" She looked around the room

"You know we decided not to do a round robin because Greg's a single, so I guess it's okay." Marci smiled at me and said, "the last time we welcomed anybody into the party all the guys had Collette and the women tried out Dan, her husband there."

Collette waved at me and Dan nodded. "Here, he said, let me help things along. He pushed his wife to a stand and then with a flourish manipulated the short zipper on her skirt and whisked it off her lean body. Since she wasn't wearing any underwear, her prominent, completely shaved sex, was exposed to all of us. Clete whistled as if he'd never seen it before. Collette grinned and with a sexy wiggle stepped toward me. She raised her arms and flipped the loose blouse that covered her torso right over her head. Now she was naked.

"Well?" she challenged. "You like some of this?"

"Oh yeah," I said, "You look good enough to eat." It was obviously the right thing to say. She stepped closer until her nipples touched my shirt. I got rid of it instantly and raised my hands to take her by the shoulders.

"Wait," she said and put my hands back at my sides. Then she squatted in front of me and without using her fingers, began to unbuckle my belt. It took her only seconds to do that and then unbutton and unzip and my trousers were around my ankles. Talented lady, I thought struggling to stay upright as she pushed her head against my lower belly. Since I wear silk bikini undershorts, the tent from my erection was very prominent. I was wearing black tonight. Marci hissed. Clete and Marci and Brian were all just sitting around watching Collette peform. It was a little unsettling and I felt my cock start to resign.

Collette bit my cock through the silk and then when I sucked in my belly, snaked her agile tongue inside the waistband of my shorts and hooked teeth into the fabric. With a dexterous tug she slipped my shorts down my legs. The feeling of her hair sliding over my cock caused me to twitch several times. Without warning the woman grabbed my hips and pulled me straight into her. Mouth open, lips over her teeth, she sucked me completely into her. Her mouth was a furnace. Two thrusts, all her manipulation and she shoved me back.

"Yummy," she crowed. "I love man's pre-come, and you are just fine. Now down on the floor on your back, sir." She whacked the back of my knees and I was suddenly flat on my back, my cock pointed at the ceiling and three faces grinning at me from their chairs. As Collette licked her way down my body, crawling toward my feet, I saw Marci lift her sweatshirt off her sweet bosom and settle onto Brian's lap. He never stopped watching his wife Collette's exploration of my body, but one hand came up and he began to rhythmically knead her bare breast.

Collette reached my knees and then kissed and tongued her way up my now quivering body until she reached my scrotum. One long finger probed beneath my balls and she tapped that finger on my anus. Startled, I arched my hips upward, causing my now rigid cock to vibrate.

"Ah ha," she said and swung her body over mine. Squatting over me she rubbed the tip of my cock over her labia and between the inner lips which were moist and warm. Suddenly one hand went under my butt and she placed my cock at the entrance to her vagina. She stuck her finger into my anus which caused me to buck upward again. The effect was exactly what she was aiming for. As I thrust up, she jammed her bottom down on me, impaling herself fully on my cock. It was a complete and utter shock of erotic heat. Her noisy exhalation and grunt of "Ohhhh Fuckkk," was all it took. I came, sending a thick rope of thick fluid into her pussy. It was amazing. She began to vibrate. It was like what I imagined a vibrator felt like in a woman's vagina. She clenched and threw back her head. She came and I came again. There was no foreplay, no rocking, no caressing. We were locked together in a big orgasmic climax. Collette's thighs rippled and her breasts quivered. The smell of our lust was pervasive. I came a third time. But then I didn't begin to lose my erection.

Colette grinned at me, showing a lot of white sharp teeth. She bounced on my cock. "He isn't losing his erection," she announced to the room. "He's still hard. Hot dog! Look." She stood up and we all watched as my thick white cream began to drool out of her pussy and drip onto my groin. My cock twitched. I thought I could come again in a minute or two. This was amazing. It had never happened to me before. I reached down and took hold of my uncircumcised prick and began to slide the foreskin back and forth.

"Look at him," said Marci. "I want that." She stood up off Brian's lap which immediately tented up from his erection and stepped out of her shorts. She knelt down beside me and took me in her mouth. In a moment we were getting a rhythm going. Marci stopped after a minute and grabbed my hand to pull me up. "Doggie. I want you to fuck me like a dog. Put it in me now. Quick. Fuck me, fuck me! Hurry!" She was gibbering as she rolled onto all fours and I rose to crouch over her smooth round ass. Her fingers found my cock and pulled me into her. I thrust and she met me. I bottomed in her all the way and I pulled back to thrust again. We built our lust, I thought we'd see steam rising from our sweating bodies. On we went, for what seemed like several minutes until she squalled, reaching a hand for her husband who was now kneeling in front of her caressing her cheeks. She came hard and I came then immediately, this time in total exhaustion. My cock went limp immediately and slid out of Marci's pussy. Sweat dripped from my face onto Marci's back. We sprawled on the floor, panting. Clete, Brian and Collette hovered close around us.

"Amazing," Collette murmured. "Absolutely amazing."