 After Gwen accomplished at least two climaxes while impaled on my cock, she slid off with a big thank you smile and disappeared into the crowd. My legs were a little shaky so I found a nearby empty chair and sank gratefully down to a semi-reclining position. The chair was half turned away from the center of the room, so I was mostly concealed.

I didn't mind, although I knew I was missing the passing parade of male and female pulchritude and semi-nudity that swirled around the room. I noted a fairly steady stream of traffic through the door that led to Leda's chamber and all those individual bedding cribs. It made me wonder if we were limited to one-on-one games, because the rooms didn't seem big enough for more than maybe a crowded threesome. But, being a neophyte at these things, surely I had more to learn. After all, my virgin ass had only been cracked by a piece of plastic a mere two weeks ago.

Even though I considered myself normally accomplished in the mating department, the list of activities I'd not indulged in was long. It was looking more and more as if my friendship with Clete and Marci would further my sexual education in many interesting ways.

As I was deciding what my next move should be, a comely wench with a tray and a single glass of amber liquid arrived. Holding the tray expertly, she knelt between my outstretched legs and said, "You look like a Scotch man to me."

"Single malt?" I responded. I looked her in the eyes but only after I'd registered her pert and upstanding breasts beneath the sheerest of sheer blouses. "You look lovely, my dear. Come here often?"

"No, sir, but I'm here to come often tonight." She smiled and slipped the drink off the tray and into my hand on the chair arm.

"Well, my, pretty wench," I said. "I fear I am temporarily unable to accommodate your desires."

The girl had dark glossy hair and very long dark lashes which she batted at me. "Should I assume then that you find me attractive?"

"Seriously? Give me twenty minutes to rest and I'll be upstandin' and rarin' to go."

"Ah, well, let's see if we can shorten that a bit." She set down the now empty tray and skillfully opened her blouse. Both breasts pointed at me and I reacted almost automatically, moving to take them in my eager fingers. She raised her hands and forestalled my move. "Ah, ah, you rest, I'll do what needs doing."

With that she lowered her head and with nimble fingers fished out my flaccid penis. She blew a soft warm breath into my crotch and then took me deep into her mouth so that I'm sure my rod was nestling toward the back of her throat. She sucked me gently for a few seconds, then slid her head back to work her tongue round and round my head, eventually working me up to a semi-erection.

I was becoming somewhat embarrassed that I couldn't show greater appreciation for her ministrations, but as if divining my thoughts she smiled and winked and drooled a large amount of spit onto the enticing valley between her breasts. Then she leaned into me and guided my cock between her breasts. She then began a gentle up and down rocking. The sensation was phenomenal. I'd been titty-fucked before a couple of times. I think it was in high school when the girl in question wasn't ready for vaginal introduction. But either my memory was faulty or this woman was very skilled. The sensations were wonderful.

What can I say? I leaned my head back against the chair and closed my eyes. Some minutes later I came onto her chin and bosom. It wasn't a mind-cracking explosion of come, more of a gentle release, but satisfying, none the less. The woman smiled, found a warm towel and cleaned us both up.

I thanked her profusely and said, "I'm in your debt. I'd love an opportunity to reciprocate. By the way, just out of curiosity, are there larger accommodations for group sex activity?"

"Yes, there are a couple of rooms off the back of the hall, but we're not set up like a swingers club with dungeons and viewing rooms and assorted equipment. The pool and hot tub are off limits for these parties. We've discovered that it's too hard to sanitize them after you men have ejaculated in them." She smiled, touched my mouth with one long slender finger, took her tray and departed saying, "I'm sure I'll see you later, Greg."

Damn! There it was again. Another anonymous person who knew my name.

I went in search of food, leaving my codpiece in the chair. My cock dangled through the opening, but what the hell, I was more dressed than several of these partiers. I stood beside a table of snacks chomping on some excellent shrimp and then I saw Teresa, my limo companion. She'd lost her tall hat and veil. She was reclining on a backless couch, on long leg on the floor. Her skirt was parted so the man with his head in her crotch had easy access to her nakedness. On the other side of the couch a second man was leaning over her playing with her exposed breasts while she lazily slid one hand up and down his long shaft. Occasionally, she would pull him a little closer so she could run her tongue over the purple head of his cock.

I sauntered over and said, "Hey Teresa, how about a shrimp."

She canted her head toward me and grinned. "Would that be you?"

I chuckled and shook my head. Then I took the shrimp from between my lips and fed it to her. Her tongue left a damp slippery residue on my fingers which I sucked off. So now I had tasted pre-come fluid from a man I didn't know. I leaned closer and tongued her nearest nipple. Teresa went back to the cock next to her cheek and I went back for more shrimp. A woman I didn't know was standing there sampling the fare.

She was wearing a tiny black bikini thong on her hips, black boots that reached to mid thigh, and a black bandeau around her small chest. Her hair was coal black and so were her eyes. In place of a mask she was wearing some kind of thick black makeup from ear to ear except around her mouth which made for a very strange effect. I looked to see if she had fangs, but I couldn't tell.

"I know, it's weird, but last time kissing cock was hard because of the mask, you know?"

"Isn't the makeup hot?"

"Yeah, but it's tolerable and so far I haven't smeared anybody, much. This is your first party, huh?"

"How'd you know?

"Oh, you have that look, like a deer in the headlights? Sort of semi-stunned at all this action in one room."

There was a loud groan and "Ohhhhhh God!, that was good." We both knelt down and raised the tablecloth. Two men lay there enthusiastically sucking each other. One of them had apparently just come. He grinned at us and went back to tonguing the black cock in his face.

"Did you meet Leda?" I nodded. "She's something else. We did a double dildo for a few minutes and we both got off, I think. I know I did. Then I managed to kiss her ass. Boy, I'd love to have an hour with her. Listen, we're having a contest. Wanna play?"

Sure, what's the deal?" At this point, unless it involved pain or serious abuse, I was ready for anything.

"Okay. We're putting five guys at a table. Four of them are here with wives or girlfriends. One is a wild card. That's gonna be you. Each woman has to crawl under the table and suck each guy for two minutes. Then they have to tell which guy is their guy." 

"What's the prize?"

"We were gonna make the losers do anal, but some of the women objected. Personally, I don't know what the big deal is."

"Until you've done it, it could be a big deal," I said.

"Whatever. Here we are. You better take your pantaloons down. They might tip off somebody."

I went to the table and they put me in the middle. The guy next to me slid his sleeve up—he was dressed like a monk—and showed me a tattoo. It was Clete.

"Okay, said the Goth girl. Here's the deal. Each of these blindfolded women will crawl under the table, one at a time and suck each guy. When she's through and comes out the other end, she writes down which one is her guy. The one who correctly identifies her guy gets a thousand dollars. If there's more than one winner they split the prize. Guys, no talking, no secret movements, keep your hands on the table and your knees spread. Any woman who brings off one of the guys gets extra points."

Okay, I thought, four women, two minutes each, eight minutes of head and I don't have to do anything but enjoy. Where's the catch? The women were lined up at one end of the table and when I looked around I was surprised to see that we'd drawn a crowd. Somebody said, "shoot, with the table in the way we can't see the action."

I looked closely at the four women, all quite different, short, thin, heavy, one blond, two brown and one red head. The blond must be Marci, Clete's wife, unless she was wearing a wig. Since they were all mostly dressed I couldn't tell much about their figures. I didn't pay any attention to the order they were in. Soon the first woman ran her fingers up my naked thighs and sucked my cock into her mouth. Her action was basically in and out as if I was fucking her face. She did get me hard and I had not softened at all when the next one took hold. She was more experienced, using her tongue in a skillful way, but two minutes wasn't going to get me off at that stage of the night.

By the third mouth I realized the process was pretty sterile. But then the guy at the end grunted and said "Oh, shit!" He obviously had come, and the crowd applauded. Goth girl checked under the table to be sure he wasn't faking and came up grinning. She marked the woman who'd accomplished the feat on a pad and another mouth approached my cock. Now this one was experienced. She blew softly, touched her tongue to the head of my cock. Then she ran her fingers around my balls and scraped her nails gently up the underside of my cock. It twitched. She clamped her mouth on me and began an energetic pulsing sucking motion that curled my toes. I was very close to exploding when time ran out and she had to move on.

The blindfolded women were sitting in a little group to one side waiting for the last sucker to rise from under the table. Then one said, "Wait a minute. There were five cocks under that table. How come?" Everybody roared. We all stood then, baring our cocks for all to see and applauded the women in the contest.

Clete and I grinned at each other and I started to turn away. "Wait, Greg, I think somebody wants to see you." I turned back to find the redhead coming toward us. Her breasts swayed gently and she turned her head up for her husband to kiss her. Then she turned toward me. "Clete insisted we try this, and I got Glory to ask you," she said. "Like what you see?" Marci pirouetted before me so the short plaid skirt she was wearing flared out. She wasn't wearing any panties. My cock twitched.

"Ah," she said, "I see that you do." She stepped closer and her fingers snaked around my exposed rod. "C'mon fella, I want to fuck your brains out."

Clete grinned and ran his hand down her front , sliding the blouse off his wife's breasts. "I know you've seen this before, but now it's time to really get to know her."

I looked at Clete. "You sure?"

"Why do you think we're here?"

"Yeah, but this is me, Greg, somebody you know, somebody you see outside this place. I'm not just an anonymous penis." It was hard for me to say this. I'd lusted after Marci ever since Clete and I become colleagues at work.

Marci smiled and stepped out of Clete's arms and pressed herself to my side. Her hand rubbed my belly and slid lower. "We've talked about this, sweetie. What you've just said confirms our take on you." Her breast was bumping against my arm as she rocked gently from side to side. I could tell she knew exactly what she was doing to me.

"Look, buddy. We got you an invite because I couldn't figure out how to get you into our little group. Even after our party, we weren't sure how you'd react if Marci tried to jump your bones." Clete grinned and flicked a finger over my rising cock. "You better figure I'll want to watch some day."

I stopped hesitating. One hand drew Marci closer while my other tweaked one nipple. While the crowd swirled around us, I reached to her mouth. We kissed, long and lustily, tongues lashing. My cock rose even more and I felt Marci's cool fingers dancing around my package.

"C'mon, babe," she husked. "I've been wanting your cock in me for a long time." Clete had disappeared

Awkwardly, because we were reluctant to let go of each other, we sidled over to a wide backless settee near one wall. I was going to suggest a room, but Marci clearly wanted to get down to business immediately. I was already pantless and it was only a moment to whip open my blouse, baring my chest. I wanted to feel her against me, skin to skin. Her nipples came tightly against my chest as she locked me in a fierce embrace. Then she relaxed her grip so I could whisk off her blouse. The skirt was so short and insubstantial, I didn't bother with it, just shoved it a little higher on her waist.

I made to lower my head to her crotch, but she held me, saying, "No no, never mind that now, just fuck me. So I did. I slid my pole into her waiting crotch and Marci jammed herself down on my cock until her smooth pubis was jammed against me. Her legs came up and she locked her heels around my waist, squeezing and groaning, her mouth a bellows of hot air. "Ohhhh, rock me babe. C'mon Greg. Rock me now."

I began to move my hips back and forth and Marci relaxed her thighs and calves to give me a little working room. She was really hot at that moment and I soon matched her emotional outpouring. I could feel her juices beginning to leak from her pussy. She reclined more and more as I surged into her again and again. I was ecstatic. There was little tenderness in our embrace, this was unadulterated lust. My mouth founds hers and our kiss was long and my hips bucked more and more rapidly. Suddenly she tore her face away from me, her fingers gouged furrows in my shoulders and she began to wail in time to my thrusts. Her hips slammed up to meet my thrusts and I could hear the applause of our flesh smacking together. She came and came again, wailing louder and louder. My balls drew up and my own climax began to coil higher and higher. I was having trouble breathing. And then I came, the ejaculation ripping almost painfully from my balls, though my cock and jetting into Marci's vagina. Once twice, three times.

I gasped for breath and opened my eyes. Marci stared at me from inches away. "Ummm, that was gorgeous," she breathed. "Marvelous. Someday you need to see your face when you come."

I was half lying on her, my feet on the floor. I made to draw away and she grabbed me with her knees and hands, fingers pressing my butt cheeks. "No no, I'm not through. Just stay right here." She smiled and licked my nose. Then we kissed again.

When I caught my breath I said, "Aren't I too heavy?"

"No," this woman beneath me murmured. "And we'll fix that in a minute. Feel, me around you. Can you feel it?"

Unbelievably, I could. The muscles of her legs and her vagina began a rhythmic pulsing. Soon her hips were rocking again, in very subtle tiny movements that were incredibly erotic. She fed me one breast and I gently suckled. She smiled that secret expression women have that excites passion in their men, and suggests worlds of sensation we mere men can only guess at.

"We're going to get up now, sort of. But don't pull out, she whispered. So with careful small movements, we rose a little, shifted a little more, moved legs and hips until somehow I was sitting on the couch and she was astride me, looking deep into my eyes. I had both hands on her breasts, her hands on my shoulders or caressing my face. Her hips, now steadily rocking, kept my cock well in place. I felt the blood rising again to make my cock as hard as I had ever know it to be. Marci smiled as I twitched, flexing her butt on me. "That's it. That's so good, my darling. Do it again."

I twitched and felt her twitch back. This time I saw her eyes lose focus and her mouth fall open. She sucked in a huge breath which sent her breast to my mouth and then exhaled in a gusty way. She came yet again, twitching and mewling, grabbing at my head.

It was a short come-down and she smiled. "Thanks. Now we're ready for the big ride. Duck your head." I did and she rotated on my cock, raising one leg over my head and twirling about so she faced the room. I glanced up after kissing her back between her shoulder blades and discovered we had drawn a small crowd of spectators. Several couples were standing close by watching us and openly caressing each other. But I was not distracted.

Marci, naked, fully exposed with my cock in her pussy, had placed her feet on my thighs and was gently lifting and settling, lifting and settling. "Slowly, Greg, my darling, and touch me. Touch me." I didn't need her to tell me where. I snaked my left hand around her hip and my fingers found her hard little clit. Together we found the rhythm and began to copulate with more and more abandon. The couch vibrated under our pounding. I could hear Marci's gasps. I lifted my hips again and again off the couch to meet her thrusts. Her breasts bounced under my hand, but I never stopped vibrating her clit. My cock felt her climax. Then again. I was reaching the highest state of ecstasy I had ever known. And this incredible woman was right there with me. The view to all the spectators must have been phenomenal. We rocked and fucked until we simultaneously exploded, Marci wailing louder than I had ever heard a woman at the moment of orgasm.

The world went fuzzy for me and I came harder than I ever had before. My cock vibrated once more and then as if saying, enough! began to deflate. I gasped for air and wrapped my arms around her. Then I heard the applause. The people who had watched us in this public display of the most intimate of physical acts between two humans were saluting our performance. And I knew in that moment it was much more than just a performance. We had connected in ways other than physical.

Exhausted, we lay together enjoying the ebb of strong emotions as the tide flowed out and the crowd of onlookers went on to other pleasures.