 Part 1 

Alleyway Trio

Ashley* is a 19 year old girl that loves to party and have a good time. Enjoying the life as a student and part of the cheerleading team. She has long, brown hair and a very fit body. She loves to fool around with guys and girls and has lots of friends she like to fuck. Recently she has been having sex with her brother, Chad, on a regular basis, after fucking him for the first time at a party with his friend Ryan.

*

It was a really hot day and the city was full of people, as they were having a huge party all over the streets and squares. Most of the people were wearing orange, partying and getting very drunk. There was music everywhere, with bands and DJs, beers were flying around all over and everyone was having a great time.

Ashley decided to explore on her own for a bit after she had been celebrating with Tiffany, Laura and the other girls. They had been drinking lots of different kind of cocktails and she was already very tipsy. She was walking through the streets as she moved in rhythm of the music. She was wearing a tight, orange dress that showed quite a bit of cleavage and ended in a very short skirt.

As she was walking on a square filled with people and a DJ playing music for them, she noticed her brother, Chad, and his friend Ryan standing by themselves as they enjoyed the music.

"Heeeeey, guys." She said very happy, her voice sounding slightly drunk. "How are you guys doing?" She asked giggling as she skipped around a bit, while walking over to the two guys.

"Hey Sis. We're doing pretty good." Chad said to his sister with a smile. "Other than the girls that we were supposed to meet up with bailed on us. But luckily there is plenty of eye-candy about." He continued as he pointed to a group of scant-clothed girls.

"Lots of eye-candy indeed." Ash replied playfully after having checked the boys out, winking to Ryan.

 "Hey Ash, things are great now that you showed up. " Ryan leaned in and gave her a quick kiss on her cheek and then took a moment to gaze down her dress. As he was gazing down she took the opportunity to take the second beer out of his hands. He didn't really mind.

Ashley took a big sip from the beer. "Thanks." She replied to Ryan and smiled at him as she went to stand between the both of them.

Chad stared for a bit as well, but then continued conversations. "So what have you been up too? Where are your friends?" He asked, looking around to see if any of them were around.

"My friends were being totally boring, they just kept making out with their boyfriends without me." She said disappointed while playing with her long hair for a bit. "And I don't even know where Tiff went. So I decided to bail on them and look around a bit." She explained while continuing her gazes to the two guys, who she had been intimate with more than two months ago.

"What?! They wouldn't let you join in with them?" Ryan asked her and winked as he leaned in closer to her, putting his hand on her soft ass, giving it a good squeeze through her tight, thin dress. Chad noticed this and, not wanted to be outdone, grabbed her other check, giving his sister a gentler squeeze.

 She let out a slight tingle and short laugh as she felt both the guys touch her firm ass, enjoying their warmth and the grip they gave it. "I know, right, they were totally selfish. I would have loved to join them." She replied.

"So, what are you in the mood for, little sis?" Chad asked her. Around them the people started to jump around as the DJ played a new song.

Ash looked at him with a naughty grin on her face. "What do you think?" She asked him and then drank some more beer, accidently spilling a bit of beer over her dress and between her cleavage, making it glisten in the sun. "What am I usually in the mood for when I've had a lot of drinks?" she asked the guys as she licked her lips, in the meantime moving her empty hand over Ryan's chest, down towards his crotch.

"That's what I figured." Chad said with a grin as he noticed Ash's hand moving on Ryan and he gave his sister's ass a few more rubs with his hand.

"We were thinking of heading to a party at our friend's house." Ryan continued as he suddenly felt Ashley's fingers rubbing against his pants, over his crotch. An even bigger smile appeared on his face. 

"Do you think you can wait that long? Or do we need to find somewhere closer first?" Chad then asked as he moved closer to his sister, his fingers slowly running to the end of her short skirt.

Ash noticed Ryan's bulge swelling beneath her hand as she slowly rubbed against it. "I guess I can wait a bit longeeeer." She replied giggling more and finished her beer, throwing it away over the crowd in front of them. "If you guys can wait ofcourse..." She then said seductively as she glanced over to her brother and saw he had a very noticeable tent between his legs as well.

Chad looked over to his best friend. "What do you think? Can you wait?"

"You guys do seem excited though." Ashley said as she softly bit her lower lips as she moved her other hand down as well and grabbed Chad's crotch too, grinning as she noticed how big he already was. She now stood between both of them, rubbing their erections through their pants.

Chad then saw Ryan glancing towards an empty alley just down the street and then they both gave each other a nod. Suddenly they both grabbed one of her hands and began pulling her towards the alley.

"Oooohooo." Ashley said with excitement as the guys lead her through the crowd, some people smiling as they saw the smiles on the trio's faces, knowing exactly what they were going to do. They walked into the narrow alley and looked around a bit; it was quite dark, with some thin rays of sunlight coming through between the apartment buildings surrounding them.

When they escorted her about 50 meters down the alley they pushed her softly back up against the wall and let their hands roam all over her body. Ryan and Chad each grabbed one of the straps on her orange dress and pulled them down, exposing her amazing breasts, they were just as they remembered: soft, round c-cup breasts. 

Ashley wiggled them around, showing them off to both of them. The guys both took a quick glance at one another and then she felt their lips wrapping around each of them, they tongues teasing her hardening nipples as the guys started to suck her breasts.

"Hmmm, you guys sure love my titties." She giggled after letting out a soft moan and she pulled the guys close to her, feeling their bulges rubbing against her hips.

"That's not all we love." Her brother replied as his hand slid down her stomach, just past the hem of her short dress. With his mouth still over her breast his hand found her firm thighs and began to travel back up towards the wetness between his sister's legs.

He gasped momentarily as he discovered that she wasn't wearing any panties, but then remembered that this is his little sister that he's feeling and then smiled as his fingers started to rub against her moist lips and his lips sucked her hard, little nipple, making Ashley let out a few more little moans of pleasure.

In the meantime Ashley was moving her hand down his and Ryan's pants and started to unbutton them and pulled them down, releasing both their monsters, already standing hard at attention.

"Ohooo." She again moaned excitedly as she looked down at them. She wrapped her fingers over both their dicks and slowly started to stroke them. "I forgot how big you were..." She said to Ryan, giggling as she moved his fingers over the slightly thicker cock. Then she looked over at Chad with a lustful grin as she felt his slightly longer dick between her fingers. "And of course I didn't forget how big you were..." She said to her brother.

Chad removed his lips from her tit and smiled at her. "I should hope you haven't, with how frequently you've been playing with my cock lately." He said and started to caress her sensitive nipples between his finger and thumb.

"And it's been too long since you've played with mine." Ryan said, slightly offended, between the tongue baths he gave Ash's breast and pumping his cock slowly between her fingers. "Your brother has been selfishly keeping you to himself." He gave Chad an evil grin.

"Then let's make this worth it." Ashley replied to Ryan as she felt his shaft moving up and down in her hand, making a pumping motion herself, stroking it harder. She let out a few moans as well as she felt Chad brush the tips of his fingers against her sensitive clit.

"I need to taste both of you." She then said and slowly dropped on her knees between both of the guys, their hard cocks right in front of her face. She grabbed Ryan's aching dick first, pulled it towards her and put his tip in her wet mouth. She started to suck on it lovingly, moving it slightly farther in her mouth.

He couldn't believe how hot and wet it felt. "Hmmm, Ash, I'd forgotten how good your mouth feels." 

As Chad watched his little sister take the cock of his best friend in her mouth, he reached down and grabbed her breasts, teasing her nipples softly, while his cock was poking against her beautiful face.

Ash looked up to Ryan and took his head out of her mouth, giving it a few more wet licks. "I've had a lot of practice." She replied to his comment and giggled towards her brother, having noticed he moved in front of her, his long cock now inches away from her mouth. She then took Chad's penis in her wet mouth and started sucking on it as well, bobbing her head on it as she stroked Ryan dick between her fingers.

"Hell yeah, she had a lot of practice." He said to Ryan after letting out a loud sigh as he felt her warm lips around his shaft.

She moved her head up and down his shaft, taking more inches in her mouth each time she went down, until she took the entire length of his long shlong down her throat. She moved back up and turned her face to Ryan's dick again, taking him in her mouth once more, his entire thing as well.

"Hmmmm, they are so delicious." She said after popping Ryan's cock out of her mouth and rubbed both of their big cocks against her cheeks, smearing pre-cum all over it. She took out her tongue again and started giving their shafts more wet, loving licks. 

Ryan and Chad moved closer together, so that they could both get their cocks as close to her mouth as possible. "Wow, she really has been practicing, can't believe she can deep throat both of us." Ryan said as Ash took his entire dick back in her mouth, his head poking against the back of her throat, while she sucked on it.

She started to switch around between the both of them, sucking on one cock as she stroked the other. "Mhhhmmm, so delicious." She said as she ran her tongue down Chad's shaft and took his balls in her mouth, sucking on them for a bit, while she rubbed Ryan's cock over her soft breasts, circling her nipples.

Ashley sucked harder on their cocks, making loud slurping noises as she bobbed her head up and down on their raging dick. "If you suck any harder, you're going to attract an audience." Ryan replied, laughing, after noticing some glances of people walking past the alleyway, to see what's going on.

Looking down at Ashley, enjoying her meal, Chad said "Are you ready to have some cock in that tight little pussy of yours, baby sister?"

She gave their cocks some more long licks before getting back up and grinned at both of them while she walked towards the wall. She bended over against it, lifting her dress up a bit too give the guys a good view of her firm, round ass and wet, shaven pussy. "Who's first?" she asked with a sexy, innocent voice.

Ryan looked at Chad. "You've apparently been fucking her non-stop, so I get first stab at her." Chad nodded in agreement.

"Hmmm, can't wait for that fat cock of yours..." Ash said to Ryan as she wiggled her hips for him.

He walked towards her and ran his hands over her hips, then grabbing them tight. Without much ceremony he began to press his big cock into her tight opening. Between the saliva on his cock and Ash's own juices he was able to push it all the way in, in one slow stroke, not stopping until his balls were resting up against her ass.

Ash replied with a loud moan. "Ooooooh, fuuuuck!" She felt his full girth and length penetrating her tight canal.

Ryan moved close to her. "Are you ready for a pounding, Ash?" he whispered.

"I'm fucking ready!" She yelled as he was pressed closed against her, her pussy filled.

He held her hips and after a couple of relatively gentle strokes, he began to up the pace, fucking her hard and deep, really stretching her pussy to her limits. Chad walked over next to them and stroked his cock, while he watched his sister getting fucked by his best friend again.

"Oooooh yeeeees!" She moaned some more as she felt his full length pounding deep inside her twat, as his thrusts pushed her against the cold wall of the building. In the meantime she grabbed Chad's prick and started to stroke it for him, pumping it in rhythm of Ryan's cock pumping her wet cunt. "Fuck me harder, Ryan!" She moaned as she turned her head around and started kissing him again.

Chad pushed Ashley slightly away and slid himself between her and the wall. After she finished kissing Ryan, Chad pulled her head down to his cock, placing her hands on his thighs so she could swallow his long prick in time with Ryan's pounding.

"Hmmmm." She moaned as she took his cock in her hungry mouth and started sucking on it hard, as she felt Ryan pounding away at her pussy, his balls slapping against her thighs. She occasionally took his dick out of her mouth to let out loud screams, not caring that people nearby might hear them. "Oooooh yeees, don't stoooop!"

"Don't worry, Ash. I have no intention of taking my dick out of your pussy any time soon." Ryan replied laughing as he watched his cock disappear inside her hot snatch, her head moving up and down Chad's cock.

"Oh fuck, sis. That feels amazing. I love hearing you talk dirty, and I don't think I'm the only one..." Chad replied as he looked to his right. Ash took his cock out of her mouth and looked over her shoulder, noticing there were around three or four people watching Ryan fucking her hard from behind, as she was pleasuring Chad's dick. The lighting and the two guys pressing their bodies against her made the people not very clear though.

"Hello there." She said to them seductively, between her fits of pleasure, but quickly started licking Chad's cock again, before engulfing his dick with her mouth again. Her breasts were bouncing in rhythm of Ryan's hard pounding. Chad grabbed Ashley by her hair and pushed her head deeper down his dick and then started to slide it in her mouth with long strokes.

Ash started to moan louder against Chad's cock as she felt both cocks sliding in and out of both ends over her body, loving the feeling. Chad took his dick out of a mouth for a second, immediately making Ash scream out in pleasure. "Aaaaah! Harderrrr!" she begged, "Make me cuuuum!" she moaned and Chad took a lid on it again.

"Oh god, Ash, don't stop. I'm so close..." Chad said between some of his gasps as he started to slide faster, while his sisters sucked him like a popsicle. "Keep sucking me, almost there..." he continued as he smiled at Ryan, seeing by his face he was almost there as well. He was still taking her hard from behind, softly slapping his sister's butt cheeks.

"Fuuuuuck meeeee!" Ashley suddenly moaned loud, feeling Ryan ramming away at her and pushing her against Chad, her mouth around his long cock. She felt her vaginal canal clenching up around Ryan's fat dick. She started to moan and scream wildly around Chad's cock, and then tightened her lips hard around his shaft as she let her sudden orgasm overwhelm her. Her body was bouncing wildly to the front and to the back between both the guys. "OOOOOOOOOOH!"

The feeling of her vibrations of her orgasm overtaking her caused both Ryan and Chad to reach their peaks at the same time. Ryan slid his cock deep inside her dripping cunt and started to drench it with his cum. While Chad took his cock deep inside her mouth and flooded that with his load, the warm spunk shooting down her throat and on her tongue.

Both the guys were moaning loud, together with the girl they were spit-roasting. "Hmmmm, hmmmm." Was the only sound that came out of her, as she kept cumming and was trying to swallow all of her brother's cum as it spurted deep down her throat. She pounded her hips against Ryan's, milking his cock in her pussy.

After swallowing Chad's load and her orgasm subduing she got on her knees between the guys. She took their cocks and cleaned them of cum, theirs and hers. She took them in her mouth and licked them with her tongue, removing the remaining spunk from their shafts. "Hmmm, delicious." She said afterwards with a grin.

"Amazing, Ash. I'd forgotten how incredible it is to fuck you, especially when Chad is there to participate." Ryan said with a smile as he looked down at the beautiful girl as she gave his tip a small kiss.

"I agree." Chad responded as he got the same treatment as his friend. "I love double teaming you, little sis." He always found it a turn on to watch and hear her getting so worked up when having multiple cocks to please her.

Ashley looked up to the guys with her big, blue eyes, Chad moving some of her hairs out of her face. "Hmmmm, I love these big cocks pounding inside me. So delicious. Especially with my big brother and his best friend." she said as she rubbed their cocks against her cheeks.

"Don't worry, sis. There's plenty more where that came from." Chad smiled.

"I hope so." She replied as she slowly got up and pulled her dress back up too cover her breast and pulling the skirt back down, covering her hips once more. A bit of Chad's cum still on her cheeks. "So, shall we go to that party?" she asked giggling.

"Sure thing." Chad said as he and Ryan tucked their half-hard cocks back in their pants.

"Luckily the party is just a few blocks away. So we can pick things up in no time." Ryan continued, as he checked Ashley out again.

"Sounds good. Let's go, boys." Ash said as she started walking out of the alley, and suddenly noticed the people that had been watching them, remembering that she saw them at school quite a few times. She winked at them as she skipped past, swaying her hips.

Ryan and Chad also couldn't help but smile as they walked past the crowd, noticing the guys adjusting their cocks as they checked Ashley while she walked by, and they couldn't help but notice the rock hard nipples on Kimberley, a girl from one of their classes, as she stood between the four guys.

"The alley is all yours, enjoy." Ryan replied with a smile before he and Chad followed Ashley again.

Continued in part 2...

*These characters are not the same characters from my previous story "