 At the ripe old age of fifty two, I gave up the corporate world. I was sick of the demands of accountants, share holders, IT gooks, logistic managers, branch managers, big managers, little managers, fat managers and skinny managers. I guess you get the picture. I was just plum worn out by the in fighting, the outfighting and every other sort of fighting. And as the CEO, the buck always stopped with me. After awhile it gets to you, and then one day it all gets too much. In the end, I guess I was kind of lucky how the whole thing worked out for me. When another large conglomerate was merged with ours, I with great stealth and cunning carefully manoeuvred myself out of a job. It came with a substantial mid six figure sum payout for my supposedly expected disappointment and stress of being unemployed. And on n a sunny Friday afternoon, with a large grin on my face and a box of all my office valuables under my arm, I left my leaving party and my career without a single regret.

The result of all this was that I was both a substantially wealthy and free man without a worry in the world. I'd never married, probably because of the incredibly long hours I'd worked, which again gave me no time to spend my rather spectacular salary either. But what I had done over many, many years; was to invest my money wisely in the property market, and so I sat back and put my feet up for a well earned life of leisure. But after a few months of my temporary retirement, I got bored with travelling the world and socialising with old and new friends. I needed something else in my life, not necessarily work, but some sort of interest.

It was quite by chance that Motel Pacifica fell into my lap. It was a place that I stayed in whenever I was in the area. High up in the hills looking over the Pacific Ocean on one side and the rapidly growing city of Beechwood on the other, it was one of the most beautiful places on earth as far as I was concerned. The thirty room motel itself was positioned on flat ground, with its own steep winding access road. But once there, it was a quiet tranquil place with plush green lawns on which to lie or sunbath on, or to take a leisurely stroll around. A kidney shaped swimming pool sat at one end of the complex where it would catch the extremes of the suns rays. When it was cooler, a large warm and secluded spa pool was available for guests.

How all this came to being was a tragedy, but luckily not mine. The owner of Motel Pacifica was a Jonathon Kildaire, a man I'd met and got on quite well with on my stays. He was out on his ride-on-lawnmower doing what lawnmowers usually do on a bright sunny afternoon. He drove it under a large tree without paying due attention; and an obtruding branch went through his eye and beyond. You probably get the picture; Mr Kildaire went from life to death in a split second, and all because he wasn't wearing a pair of ten dollar safety glasses. You don't have to be Einstein to see the lesson here. 

Anyway, I arrived at Motel Pacifica a week after this tragedy and learnt all about it from the staff; while they all regretted what had happened; they were also concerned over the threat of their future employment. Jonathon had been a single man, and it appeared that his extended family didn't want to have anything to do with the running of a motel. For the next few days, I pondered over my own future, and would I like to own and run a motel? The short answer was just maybe. I approached the family to explore the idea of my purchasing the complex; the advantage was there would be no real estate agents wanting a cut of the sale price. They were most receptive to the notion, and after an independent valuation and a little negotiation, I eventually became the proud owner of Motel Pacifica. To finance it, I had to sell off most of my other investments. I was bright enough to know that the motel would never make me a rich man, but the capital gain of the land value would most certainly do so over a reasonable period of time.

I took to running the motel like a duck to water. With live in accommodation adjacent to the office, I moved in and made myself comfortable. Pacifica had been some what run down when it came to customer service, and I set about reviewing policy on a whole lot of things. I lost some staff straight away when they didn't quite take to my forthright manner, but once that was sorted things gradually came right. The main thing was to keep customers happy by providing nice clean rooms, good amenities, and polite, friendly and helpful staff. I got my hands dirty by doing a little landscaping and painting just to make a few cosmetic improvements. For nearly a year, Motel Pacifica ran sweetly and I was a contented man who managed four rounds of golf a week. And then it all turned to custard.

Unit one, a smallish one bedroom unit at the far end of the complex sprang a leak in the ceiling allowing water to enter the room. I arranged a recommended and friendly building contractor Jimmy Bell to strip out the ceiling, and a cracked joint in a copper water pipe proved to be the problem. After inspecting the repair, I left Jimmy to begin work on replacing the ceiling. An hour later, he entered the office and asked me to come back to unit one. He pointed to the corner of the ceiling in the bedroom and asked me to have a look. At first I couldn't see anything, but on a closer look I found myself looking at the tiny lens of a sophisticated looking surveillance camera hidden right in the corner. Being from the corporate world, I was well versed in the use of these sorts of things. I carefully prised the lens free with the use of Jimmy's screwdriver, and a thin black cable came with it. 

For the next hour, Jimmy and I traced this cable through the roof of each unit trying to locate the other end. Now this wasn't all that easy, as someone had gone to great lengths to hide it behind beams in the low pitch of the roof in each unit. Armed with torches, we worked away along until the cable dropped down inside a wall near my office. Both intrigued by this little mystery, Jimmy and I searched every nook and cranny for that cable. Eventually we struck gold when Jimmy took a screwed down panel off next to an electrical switchboard. Behind the panel was our cable running to a box of electronics, and that was connected to a smart looking video recorder. Beside all this stood a neat stack of recordable video tapes. 

I can remember standing dumbfounded at the find, I took two of the tapes and walked from my office into my unit with Jimmy close behind. I slipped one of the tapes into the VCR and turned the TV on, and we soon found ourselves watching a young couple making love on the bed. I fast forwarded the tape to find three other sessions of couples at it. The quality of the filming wasn't all that good; the elevated position of the distant cameral lens and the grainy filming made the whole thing look a C grade movie, which I suppose it was. From the behaviour of the participants, it was clear that they had no idea they were being filmed. At no time did their eyes wander up towards the camera as people do when they know they're being filmed. I eventually encouraged Jimmy to return to work, although I'm sure he would have been quite comfortable to stay there all day and watch the tapes. Over the next few hours, I fast forwarded through the tapes stopping at the good bits for a bit of fun. I have to confess that the voyeur was coming out in me, and I was kind of enjoying myself, especially when two of the tapes had threesomes and foursomes for my perusal. It always seemed to be the same two women, but with either one or two guys to keep them company. I saw them do things to each other that made me realise what a sheltered life I'd lived. When I could watch no more, I replaced them in their hiding place while I decided what to do about it all.

You would expect that all of this had a simple solution, just destroy the tapes and say nothing, which is what I fully intended to do after a little deliberation. They weren't worth keeping due to the poor quality of the filming. If you want to watch porn, just go and hire a DVD, and you'll get all the quality detail one would want. But my assumption of an easy way out soon went tits up, so to speak.

What I didn't know was that Jimmy's younger sister was a reporter for one of the local hack newspapers. The day after the find, a hard looking woman bearing some resemblance to Jimmy turned up at the office wanting to talk to me. After she identified herself as a reporter and what she was here for, I asked how she found out about the tapes. She shrugged her shoulders and told me that Jimmy was her brother. I cursed Jimmy, for now I had a major problem. I knew enough about the media to know that once they get a sniff of something like this, they never let go. Sometimes it's just better to work with them and get them out of your hair as soon as possible. I told her I was too busy to talk to her, and that she should come back tomorrow. What I really wanted to do was buy time for a little damage control. If all this got out, my guest patronage would plummet, and to avoid this I had to act fast. 

After she left, I contacted a local security company, and that afternoon a specialist investigator turned up to offer some assistance. We first searched all of the units and found no other cameras. With only one cable at the video recorder, we could assume that there had only been one camera. We then skimmed through every tape and came to the conclusion that all of them were filmed in unit one. The investigator told me that this sort of thing may not be common, but it's not unheard of. He suggested that the previous owner would keep unit one free if he could, and only allocate it to attractive couples where a bit of hanky panky was likely. Then he would let the VCR run and watch the fun later.

The next day, Jimmy's sister returned, this time bringing a photographer with her. I'd asked the investigator to join us for good reason. For the next hour, we discussed what had transpired, and the investigator categorically confirmed that there had been only one camera in the complex, and that it had been removed with all of the associated cabling. It was never going to happen again I reiterated time and time again. Photos were taken of the investigator holding the camera in question. When the question of what was going to happen to the tapes, I advised them that I needed to talk to the police, even though the culprit was now deceased. My last word to the reporter was that because I had cooperated with her, I expected a balanced story in the paper. I also suggested that Jimmy's business could suffer if it was known that he could be indiscreet. People expected some privacy when contractors are working around their homes or businesses. From the look on her face, my point had hit home, and she left Motel Pacifica with a sullen look on her face. I don't need to tell you much about what I said to Jimmy, but it would be fair to say that he saw a side to me that would surprise most people. He went away a humble man who would now think twice about opening his mouth when he shouldn't.

The next day, the story appeared on the second page. To give Jimmy's sister her due, the story was well written and pointed out that all of it was down to the previous owner. She also acknowledged my efforts to ensure customers now had the privacy they deserved. The occupancy rate did fall for a week, but then slowly climbed back to what it was before. I took the ensuing jokes from the customers with good humour, like do you charge extra for the filming, or have any major porn distributors turned up yet? But, thankfully no real damage had been done, and I sort of forgot about the tapes, but not for long. 

About a week later, a woman entered the office and asked if she could have a few minutes of my time. I offered her a seat which was accepted, and she looked nervously across the desk at me.

"I've come about the tapes." she said. "I read the article in the paper."

"What about them?"

"Well, I think I'm on them. And I want that tape for obvious reasons."

I looked across at her for a few seconds; she no way appeared to be familiar to me, and I'd seen all of the tapes. I guess she'd be in her early forties, attractive enough with short dark hair with blond highlights. 

"I know that this is all an unfortunate business." I replied. "I've skimmed through the tapes and I don't think that you're on any of them. The quality's so bad that it would be hard to recognise anyone on them anyway."

She looked across at me with piercing eyes while trying to work me out, was I lying or was I not? 

"The thing is that I just can't hand over the tapes to anyone. It's better that they are all destroyed." I added.

"But can you be trusted to do just that? How do I know that you won't keep them, or worse put them on the net?"

"Because this is my livelihood, and I won't put it in jeopardy for the sake of a few poor quality tapes of people going at it. My intention is to destroy all of them, and that should be the end of it."

"I could live with that so long as I watch you do it?"

"I don't have a problem with that."

She thought about it for a few seconds, "How do I know that the tapes you're destroying are the ones I'm on?"

It was a good question; I sat back and thought about it.

"How about if I find your tape, let you see it to make sure, and then destroy it while you watch? Would that work for you?" I suggested.

"I guess."

"Maybe we weren't filmed, but we were always in unit one which makes me suspicious."

"As I said before, I don't remember seeing you on any of those tapes."

She smiled for the first time, "These days, I look better with my clothes on. Should be easy to find, there was always three or four of in a bed. Don't think much of that goes on around here." 

Her confession left me a little stunned for a reply, she chuckled at my reaction, "You should try it sometime, its real good fun. Give me a call if you find my tape."

She then leaned over and wrote a cell phone number on the top my desk blotter. 

I looked down at it for a few seconds, "What should I call you?"

She laughed, "Sorry, how rude of me. My name's Rae."

After Rae had departed, I dragged out the tapes and began to flick through them looking for the group sex. As always, it was the last two I looked at. I sat back and began to watch. While you wouldn't be able to pick out Rae from a police line up, it was certainly her. The hair style more than anything gave the game away. I watched as she went down on a dark haired woman, sucked two cocks at a time, and then being fucked as she sucked. A most versatile woman I thought to myself. There was six hours worth over two tapes, but as it hadn't been edited, it wasn't all action. To me, it looked like the filming was over four different sessions. When I eventually got bored, I marked the tapes and placed them back in the safe with the others. I then left a message on Rae's cell phone advising that I'd found them.

The following afternoon, I was in the office when Rae arrived out of the blue with another woman. After sitting down, Rae introduced her friend Jude, and then we got down to business, or so I thought. I took the two tapes in question from the safe and asked them to follow me into my unit. After inserting one of them in the VCR and turning on the TV, I invited them to make themselves comfortable on the couch. For awhile they sat quietly taking in the large screen.

"Jeezz Jude, you've got a fat arse." Rae eventually commented.

Jude laughed, "Indeed I have. "But it's still smaller than yours."

They both laughed loudly and then sat quietly as they watched for awhile, then Rae asked to see the second tape. I obliged and swapped the tapes, then handed Rae the VCR remote and let her flick through it. Both women were consumed by the TV screen and surprisingly showed no embarrassment as they performed their carnal delights. So distracted were they, that it gave me the opportunity to look Jude over. I would say that she was a well kept forty five year old. While small in stature, her seated body displayed a lot of curves in the right places. A knee length dark skirt hugged her thighs, and a cream coloured top was stretched over a pair of substantial looking breasts. A pretty made up face sat below a mass of thick curly hair. Her head suddenly turned towards me, and I was caught red handed looking at her breasts. 

"Can we have the tapes?" she asked ignoring my wandering eyes.

I shook my head, "Sorry, the deal with Rae was that I'd destroy them."

"That's a real shame isn't it Rae? I'd like to have them."

Rae smiled, "Maybe we could fuck him for them, what do you reckon?"

They both looked over at me and smiled.

"How about we both take you to bed and fuck your brains out, could we have the tapes then? Jude asked sweetly. 

At this time, I wish to confess that my sex life for the last few months was down to my right hand and a little self indulgence. It'd been a long time since I'd sampled the carnal delights of a woman, and the thought of doing so was somewhat appealing. I would also confess to the fact that I'd never had two women at the same time, and that delayed my reply for a few seconds as my brain caught up with the proposal. I tried not to dribble at the thought, and both Rae and Jude chuckled at my reaction.

"He's not sure." Rae suggested to Jude. 

"Oh, I'm sure alright." I replied confidently. "A threesome for those tapes is okay by me."

Jude stood and smiled, "Okay, show us to the bedroom."

They followed me into my bedroom and watched as I pulled the curtains. I turned back to them and waited for something to happen. 

Rae pointed to a chair, "How about you sit and watch us for awhile, then you can join in."

From my seated position, I watched as Rae and Jude stepped to each other and began to kiss and caress. Right from the start, it was warm and passionate, and they ignored me as they started down a fine line of seduction. Rae was slightly taller than Jude, but their lips met without much trouble. To even things up, Rae stepped soon from her shoes, leaving them eyeball to eyeball. They were both dressed in skirts and separate tops, and looked like smart business women. I watched in aroused fascination as hands caressed breasts and slipped under skirts, and the little groans of appreciated soon began floating across to me. It wasn't long before buttons were being undone, and tops removed, then in turn they stepped out of their skirts.

I have to admit that my excitement was intense. These weren't the slim beautiful catwalk models that one sees in movies and magazines. In front of me stood a tangle of voluptuous mature curves, bulbous breasts held tight by bras, and large pale round thighs. With their lips firmly embraced, their fingers reached and undid bras, then eased them from each others shoulders and let them drop to the floor. They took turns bending and licking the others breasts while hands slipped between parted thighs. Jude then dropped to her knees, her tongue soon sampling the smooth white thighs near Rae's blue panties. Rae's eyes briefly flicked over to me, but I suspect at this time I was of little consequence. Rae's hands stroked Jude's hair as her panties were lowered to her ankles, then her shoes and panties were removed in turn. 

For a few seconds, Jude buried her face between Rae's parted thighs, but she then turned her to face me. My eyes roamed over Rae's curves before dropping to her pussy, a small triangle of dark curls ended at the V of her lips. Both women watched my reaction as Jude's hand slipped through Rae's thighs from behind, her fingers sliding back and forth between her pink lips.

"Would you like to fuck my friend?" Jude asked seductively.
