 ********************************

Authors notes:

- The following erotic story deals with the usage of heavy drugs and a sexual encounter between consenting adults.

- This is a true account of a crazy night in my night. I do not personally condemn nor endorse the use of drugs and neither is the point of this story. 

********************************

"What a great party! I love everything and I love everyone! I love this music, I love all my friends and I love to dance!" I shouted at my friend as I tried to time my words between the pounding beats at this thing known as a rave.

I had just been introduced to this strange event and also just introduced to something called ecstasy and something else called meth-amphetamine. It's hard to even think now that this was the person I was about 17 years ago. Now I'm married with two kids and live in the suburbs, back then it was a different life time when things seemed to stand still in the music. 

The first time I went I didn't know what to expect, my friend was going to this all night party and that was enough to peak my interest. At first it was just a lot of waiting as I nearly froze to death in the park next to the statue. People were all holding their flyers like some sort of golden ticket of hope that something, anything would happen soon. I wasn't so full of hope as the cold weather had moved me to total bitch mode. 

"What the fuck are we doing here?" I bitched in my most ill tempered of all voices. 

"Don't worry Michelle, it will be worth it once we get inside.", came the reply from Sharon who was my new best friend.

My inner-monologue told me to bitch her out and find a subway and find my parents house and find my bed. At least there I wouldn't risk death by hypothermia. Here just seemed to be a bunch of oddly dressed people almost huddled together like penguins waiting for some sort of sign that everything would be ok. After what seemed like an eternity, it must have almost been mid-night, words started to filter through the crowds. Mostly in whispers that went over my head but one thing was clear and that was that the heard was moving.

That's the only way to describe this gathering at this point: a heard and a large heard at that. The muddled voices seemed vaguely elated that this wasn't the end but simply the beginning, and the unpleasantness would soon be forgotten. 

"This will change your life." said Sharon who seemed to believe in every syllable she uttered.

My rolling eyes must have indicated my level of belief at this point.

We were both in third year university at the time, the university was about two hours out of the city but we took a bus all the way here. I was from the big city but never spent any time going out downtown; I was as much a foreigner to this scene as if I came from a cowpatch on the moon. That's another thing, just what was this scene? We arrived at the place where we were going and a line sort of formed. I was there with my previously mentioned friend Sharon, her boyfriend Charles and two of his Josh and Sean. We were at what looked like a rundown building that had the sound of almost tribal music emanating from the walls. It sounded like muffled beats that looped without end. 

"We better take some of this now, it will take a while to hit and it's better that it does when we get in." Charles said to the still freezing group.

Out of his pocket came this slightly yellow pills and he passed them out like candy. 

"What is this?" I asked truly naive to what the answer would be.

"Mitsubishi," he whispered in my ear, "it will give you everything you need to go the night."

"Just take it, it will warm you up." said my trusted friend Sharon

I looked at the pill and sure enough it was stamped with the Mitsubishi symbol but it didn't look like anything they would make I deliberated about as long as it would take a paid off jury and the pill hit the back of my throat, I tasted nothing as it hit my stomach. The rest of the line didn't seem as long as I was coming to the realization that I had just taken drugs, there wasn't any turning back but there was plenty of time for questions. My inquiries were met with smug retorts as I'm sure I seemed like a little kid who just wants to know what happened in the rated R movie. Still I was able to find out just what I had taken from my line of questioning; it was a drug called ecstasy.

One thing was for sure I wasn't feeling any ecstasy, really I wasn't feeling anything. We stepped into the party and all I felt was a reserved shyness and sort of regret for what I had done. The music was loud and the people seemed to walk without purpose in the deceptively large area. There must have been more than 2000 people there and more kept filing in. There is no doubt this was an illegal party and that was the need for the covert meeting place. Sharon grabbed me by the hand and led me to the dance floor. "Just dance ballerina." she encouraged me while poking fun at my skill.

She whispered something to Josh and I had to get close to ask him what it was as she was pointing at me. 

"She said that you're a ballerina, so let's see your moves!" was his reply.

I was far too embarrassed to break into a ballet but I did feel myself starting to dance. That's when it started to hit me, that being the drug. I started feeling this uncontrollable happiness and each movement seemed to fuel the feeling. It was a euphoria that started the pit of my stomach and moved through me all the way out my mouth. I was dancing and I was having the time of my life. 

The music transformed into lovely sounds of timed precision that seemed to be an extension of myself. An extension of myself in every way, from my thought to my feelings to my body. 

It wasn't long before I lost my friends in the mess of people but even then I didn't feel afraid. I was dancing and pretty much zoned into my own world. When I took a break I would talk to strangers and feel like I knew them forever it felt great, like they had no expectations of me except to talk. Then it was back to the dance floor. It seemed almost natural when I bumped into my friend Sharon again and she gave me another pill to make sure nothing wore off. I followed her orders as if she was a doctor and consumed my next hit. 

We sat on the floor with the guys and it was like I didn't even know what relaxation was until then. Sharon told me to get a massage from Charles. The fact that he was her boyfriend didn't even come up as an issue as he got behind me and started rubbing my shoulders. It felt so good, like every touch was something I had never felt before, his hands were soft and his hands were rough and they relieved every part of my bones. In the middle of this euphoria his hand got under my butt and he was rubbing my pussy with one hand as the other moved all over my back. Moans escaped my mouth but the music was too loud for anyone to notice. He spoke into my ear urging me to be quiet as he nibbled on my ear. There wasn't enough direct contact to make me orgasm or anything but the feeling was intense nevertheless. When he broke contact it was over and he never indicated that he wanted anything more. 

The night seemed to last forever and pass in a flash all at the same time. I had no idea what the time was as no light was able to enter what seemed to be a warehouse of sorts. One of the guys broke the news to me that it was 8 in the morning as time didn't seem to exist in this newly discovered corner of the universe. I had taken three pills over the course of the night and was still very much full of energy. 

"My cousin has a place that we can crash for a while, he's going to be at work all day so we won't be bothering anyone." Charles told the group.

That was the plan; we would make our way uptown to his cousins where we would "crash" for the day. I felt like an energetic zombie when the light first hit my eyes as we filed out of the place. The people that looked so pretty inside started to look grimy and unattractive. The city was unchanged as people made their way through the streets on a Saturday morning. I felt like a bit of a dirt bag and I was still very very high. 

We finally found a cab that would take us after many wouldn't, which we found horribly unfair that anyone would pass up such fine citizens as us. He let us pile four into the back seat and started the rather expensive ride uptown. In a moment of chivalry the boys made the gesture of paying and the cab driver left us with nothing but the bad vibes he was shooting us the entire trip. 

Still it saved me from the cold and the subway so I was grateful. I was only wearing a little white shirt that would have exposed my breasts entirely if it wasn't for the navy sports bra I had on. On my legs was a small pair of shorts that showed off my legs in the way that I like to. I had taken off the leg warmers that I had on the previous evening that I was wearing to protect me from the cold fall weather. My brown hair was now done up in two pony tails with braids I had acquired over the course of the party. Other things that were added that night was eye shadow I got from some girl who said she was from Detroit, lipstick from someone I don't remember and a sun that a guy painted on my belly with body paint. 

I should have been tired but I wasn't, I was full of energy. The guys spread out of the sofa and I bounced up and down on the carpet.

"Show us your ballerina moves Michelle!" said Josh with others joining in with approval.

I felt comfortable and confident so I donned my figurative tutu and put on a little show. The review was roaring applause with lots of smiles mixed in. I was still having a very good time and it was the middle of the morning. Josh and Charles went to the store to get some "supplies", which turned out to be orange juice and cigarettes. The orange juice tasted like no orange juice I had ever tasted as all my senses were different. 

The next thing that came out was a bag of pot, Charles told me that it would help calm me down. Calming down I guess I obviously needed as I was still bouncing and turning like a top on the white carpet. As if the debauchery of the night wasn't enough now I was smoking pot. Eventually it did calm me down as we all engaged in very personal and seemingly important discussions. 

"We are going to go to the bed room." Charles announced as Sharon was standing near the hall obviously already aware of the plan.

When they left the dynamic suddenly altered and I felt like part of me left to the bedroom; the drugs certainly had altered my thinking. Still the discussions seemed to get more serious until.......

"You know that they're fucking in there?" Josh told me and continued, "the ecstasy even makes that better."

I didn't respond or really get the hint of what he was saying at that point. Instead I engaged in a conversation about how none of us scored that night. The boys kept with that line of thought and made the obvious point that we all still could. There I was in a stranger's house what was now almost the afternoon and I was pretty sure we were talking about having sex. The drug does strange things to your mind and lets you say things that you might have kept otherwise to yourself but Sean started telling me that he had never done it with a girl and he really wanted to. I'm sure this was a bit emasculating in front of his friend who seemed to be getting a kick out of this confession and that made me feel sorry for him. I asked him if he had condoms and if he knew where we could do it. 

I barely finished my thought when they rushed out the door to get the necessary protection. My next thought was that I didn't say both of you. They returned in probably half the time it took them the first time to get the juice. Josh was directing traffic and told me to come to this room, the room appeared to be a guest room of sorts and he was pulling out the bed. I started to protest the thought of both of them being there but Josh was controlling the flow at this point and I was going along.

He took a few more pills out of his backpack and broke them into halves. He told me that we wouldn't need any more than half and that I was going to love this. Josh broke his up and snorted it, which was something I wasn't ready do so I ate the half. Josh was the first one to have his clothes off and wasn't shy at all. He didn't really have much reason to be shy; he was a good looking guy and had nice muscles especially in his stomach. Sean, I could tell, wasn't as ready to jump in but he still started to take his clothes off. 

They were both rock hard and looking right at me. At that point I felt so erotic that I was making two men hard at the same time. I felt like a sex goddess, like a porn star, like I was the symbol of sex. All this and my clothes were still on and they stayed on while I started sucking Josh's dick. Nothing was said about the order but there did seem to be a natural cue. Josh had the much bigger dick, and nobody verbally took note of that but at the same time it wasn't lost on the threesome. 

None of us had ever been in a threesome before so I don't think any of us knew how to act. So I just went with the flow and kept sucking his dick. Sean was sitting on the bed beside Josh and not saying anything soon Josh touched the back of my head and indicated that I should pay some attention to Sean. So then I switched over and started to apply my skill on him. Sucking him was certainly easier on my jawbone as I could fit his entire penis in my mouth. Sean was around five inches or so and I would say Josh was three quarters larger.

As I was bobbing my head up and down on his penis Josh was working at getting me naked. He unbuttoned my shorts and I wiggled my way out of them making an effort to be cute the entire time. I even turned back and winked at him in my best impression of a stripper. Josh did something that I didn't expect and had never been done to me before; he buried his face right into my ass and was even licking my asshole. I actually felt his tongue on my anus and he even tried to push it in. This wasn't the most comfortable feeling in the world as it made me feel pretty self conscious but it was at the same time it was a nice sensation. As I was sucking Sean he licked all parts of my ass even my butt cheeks as he left a hickey there that I didn't discover until later.

Josh seemed content to using his tongue to comb all parts of my back side and I was still trying to give a blow job without biting down. This might sound easier than it is because when his tongue would touch my anus my almost natural reaction was to yelp and close my jaw. I felt bad about causing Sean some pain but he didn't seem to mind and he started to cum. He didn't warn me or anything so I wasn't ready for it as a lot of my attention was spent not trying to close my mouth. So the cum hit the back of my throat like a jet and caused me to gag a little but as the tears formed in the corners of my eyes I decided that drinking it would probably be easier than puking it up. I pulled away from his cock and closed my mouth and swallowed hard.

At this we all sort of laughed as I wiped the tears away from my eye.

"You're supposed to tell the girl when you're cumming." Josh chuckled as he informed Sean of this pleasantry.

Sean apologized to me but I told him not to worry about it and that he came like a stud. My kind words had his cock back to attention as he didn't seem to lose much desire from the premature ejection. Josh had flipped me on my back and was now eating me out and doing a good job of it. He spent time lightly touching my clit with the tip of his tongue, most guys who had given me head went too hard and spent too much time sticking their tongue in me. Josh knew that they clit was the spot to go. 

Sean was lying beside me playing with my hair and loosening my pony tails and kissing me all of the face, although he did stay away from my lips. I asked him to help me with my shirt and sports bra and I soon wiggled out of those too. I don't have the largest breasts and it sort of annoys me that guys mostly ignore them when we have sex as they are very sensitive. This time I had two guys so I figured I would make the request and like a good boy Sean was sucking my breasts. He did this sort of submissively and it actually gave me a sort of maternal feeling. He rubbed his face all over my tits and then sucked on my nipple almost like a baby and we made eye contact. The sensation was just too much and it pushed me to orgasm. 

The orgasm hit me very hard as I kicked and screamed but Josh continued his pursuit of my pussy as he held me in place as I came and put his entire mouth on my labia. Even with him holding me down I was bucking so hard that the fold out bed was shaking. When it subsided I sat with my back against the sofa part and tried to recover. 

We were all interacting like this was normal, almost like we actually knew each other and this was a natural outcome. Before that evening I had never met them before, we had nothing to talk about on the bus ride over and I couldn't have imagined myself to have dated either one. I mean they were both attractive guys in their own ways. Josh looked like he was probably a jock in high school who turned stoner in university. His blonde hair was probably a crew cut not too long ago but now had grown out into a shaggy sort of mop. His vanity was still in full force and he enjoyed the things that he did. Sean was thin and tall without the jock body but his face was very handsome and he carried a sadness about him that a girl like me can be a sucker for. Then there was me who would have probably been seen in most circles as a preppy, certainly not the type that would go out for a night of drugs that ended with boys on both of my ends. I did have sex from time to time but I was discreet about it and kept it with guys outside my immediate circle. Not that these guys were in my immediate circle. 

Nevertheless, there I was completely naked on some cousin's sofa bed with my eye shadow running and the painted sun on my stomach being smudged from continuously being pawed at. It was during this realization that I saw Josh putting a condom on and I knew what that meant as I took a breath and braced myself to take my medicine sort of speak. 

I got on my hands and knees and turned my butt toward him but he told me that he wanted me to go on top. He said that I was so cute bouncing around and wanted to see me bounce some more. Despite my athleticism on top was the position that I was not use to and probably the one that I felt the least amount of confidence with. In almost all of my encounters, with either boyfriends or one night stands, I would find myself the bottom member in the dance. It wasn't that I requested to be, it was just the type of guys I would naturally go for would want to be on top. Josh was clearly running this show so I got to my feet and got ready to sit on his rather large now condom covered pole.

I got my balance, something that didn't come easier of the rather flimsy sofa bed, I got my position so I was looking down at him. I dropped to my knees all in one motion around his chest making sure I didn't make a painful landing for him somewhere else and I started to move back. He put his hands on my ass and started to guide me down until our private parts made contact. He started to work his way inside of me, pushing down on my hips and then relieving pressure and then pushing again. 

We started screwing in a slow almost clumsy pace but soon I was bouncing up and down on his cock for all I was worth. My ass was bucking up in the air and I was pushing down to take the entire length of his penis into my pussy. There was screeching, there was moaning, gasping, grunting and squealing. If Sharon didn't know what was going on before I'm sure she knew by now. Sean was sitting on the bed beside us taking in the human rodeo and his penis was still completely hard. 
