 It has been a couple of years since my last submission so i was a little rusty withmy English so big thanks to Gene for helping with the grammar. And a special thank you to Jonnie who did a marvelous job editing. the story wouldn't have been so good without you. All characters are above 18 and would love to hear some feedback as this is my first groupsex story.

~~~~~~



Isabel looked at the flyer again to check if the address was correct, but according to Google maps, she was at the right place. She thought to herself that it was a bit strange that it was so quiet for a college party but, being new to the area, she thought that maybe they were just slow starters around here. 

Isabel was a 20 year old engineering student who had just moved to the other side of the States to finish her education and get her degree. Earlier in the afternoon the 5"7 redhead had a little chat with some of the popular girls in school who had insisted that if she wanted to make friends fast, she had to come to their party, the party of the year. Now, wearing her black cocktail dress, that was constantly on the verge of spilling her perfect 34 C cups out, and showed enough of the lace of her stockings to make a WW2 veteran hard and her bubbly ass that made so many head's turn, she knocked on the door.

The door was opened by what Isabel could only describe as your average chess player/mathlete. Worrying that she had really messed up with the flyer and directions, she quickly asked if this was where the party was at, before thinking of even setting one foot in the house. But, as the geek told her she had it right, she stepped in and fallowed him to the garden where she could see four more nerds clustered around a table. Apart from that, she could see that it was indeed decorated for a party, with balloons, chips and food but she couldn't help feel a bit dumb as she thought those girls had purposely tricked her.

"Hi!" The nerd said somewhat nervously, his eyes automatically running up and down Isabel's body, "I think you're at the wrong party miss," blushing a little and laughing, as he got up to give her his hand. 

Seeing the confusion on her face, he smiled.

"The sorority party is on campus, I think you took the wrong flyer off the board, since this is the alternative party for people not wanting to be at their crazy Greek party of the year." 

Isabel was about to leave, wanting to go to the right party, but the look on the four other nerds faces touched her at that moment. For a second, they actually thought that they party with a gorgeous redhead, and then, the next moment, reality sunk in.

"You know what," she said, suddenly changing her mind, "I was told to come to a party to make friends and that's what I'm going to do." she said smiling widely at the five nerds. "Nice to meet you, my name is Isabel but my friends call me Bella."

She smiled as the five men couldn't hide their amazement that this hottie was going to actually party with them. The first five minutes were a bit hectic as she took off her jacket and set aside her purse, as she was swarmed with questions and introductions. She quickly learned that Mark, Steve, Leno, Thomas and Abel where all in the same classes as she was, and immediately she knew she had made the right choice to stay at their party.

"So boys... any party games other then D&D on the menu?" she asked them jokingly, eyeing the board game on the table and the videogame controllers on the couch.

As the boys franticly cleared the table for her, she smiled, thinking that she might actually have some fun toying with these geeks tonight. 

"We can play some card games if you want. You know drown the jock?" one of the nerds asked. "It's just drown the clown but with another name."

Bella nodded, it was a card game she was familiar with. Everyone would get a card and flip it. If two people had a matching pair, they had to point at each other and yell jock. The slow one would have to drink as many shots as displayed on the card. Face cards were dares decided by the group. The first few rounds where slow, so when Bella matched 3's with Leno, she let him beat her to get some liquid fun into her.

Next, she matched Queens with Thomas and beat him to the line. Deciding it was time to tease them a little, she dared him to lay on the table and let her take a body shot off him. The poor guy turned beet red in embarrassment. But, she had to admit, he was brave as he didn't need any prompting from his friends to get on the table. Bella pushed his shirt up revealing his white tummy. Pouring a small shot, she slowly and sensually licked it off him. Grinning, she saw the obvious tent in his pants and the looks of lust and jealousy in his friends eyes.

The game continued, and after a few more of rounds, Bella started to get unlucky and had to drink a couple of shots more then what she was comfortable with. When she flipped a joker and saw that Steve had one too, she quickly pointed and yelled.

"Cock!"

The men laughed at the Freudian slip as Steve called her jock, and for a couple of seconds the whole table was laughing hard. Then, catching her breath, Bella smiled sweetly at Steve. 

"Any dare but no more alcohol for me please."

Steve agreed and started to think of a good dare. 

" Well... since you don't want to drink I guess we'll have to do it for you," he said mischievously, "so I dare you to let us have a body shot off your body!." 

Bella laughed as she agreed and the boys let out whoops of pleasure. Just the thought of taking a body shot off Bella's sexy tummy was enough to get their pants a little tighter. It was only when she sat down on the table that she started to blush. She had forgotten that she was wearing a dress, and that in order to do a body shot she would have to reveal her lacy panties and garter belt to the boys. 

After taking a deep breath, she lifted up the hem of her skirt and laid back on the table, pulling her dress up as she tucked her trimmed tummy as much as she could to form a little bowl for the men. She could hear them letting out wolf-whistles and cat-calls as they admired her sleek sexy tummy, taking turns licking the cold vodka off her. 

When the last one had taken his shot, she quickly got off the table, as the geeks had taken their time to take their shots on purpose, loving the feel of their lips on Bella's sexy stomach. But, shortly after, fate struck again, as for a second time she yelled cock instead of jock, on a match of 5's with Mark.

"Oh no!" Bella said, "There's no way I can do 5 more shots..." She said, looking sweetly at Mark, hoping he would let her off the hook. As Mark looked at his friends, she wondered for a second if he would force her to drink, but he just smiled at her and she felt relieved for a second.

"Okay you can skip this one but..." he said, grinning at her, "you have to sit on my lap for 5 rounds."

Smiling at their naivety, she moved towards mark to sit on his lap, only to feel him pull up the bottom of her dress, so that it wouldn't lay between them. She didn't know if she should be upset or impressed by his boldness, impressed that a nerd like him would make a move on a girl like her, so she didn't say anything and sat on his lap, even as she felt a hard bulge pushing against her ass. 

Unfortunately though, she matched another pair with Abel after 3 rounds, and, as she paused, making sure not to yell out cock again, she was beaten by him.

"Well Bella, I guess you don't want to do 9 shots, and you're still stuck on Marks lap for two more rounds," he said grinning at her... "so I guess you'll have to trade me your panties for the shots."

Bella looked at Abel, shocked that he would be so bold as to suggest this as all the other nerds cheered his suggestion. She was considering just drinking the shots but maybe it was the alcohol... or maybe just her hormones making her hot, or just peer pressure, but much to the boy's surprise and shock, even her own, she hooked her fingers in her waistband and slithered out of her panties, throwing them to Abel, blowing him a kiss as she did.

"It's not like you haven't seen them before anyway," she said boldly, teasingly grinning at the boys as she felt Mark's bulge, even harder now, pressed up against her tight naked ass.

The game continued, and Bella forgot that she could get off Mark's lap, enjoying the feel of him pressing against her ass. Leno won a round against Mark, the two of them matching a pair of Queens, and Bella moved over to his lap, relieved that she wouldn't have to take any more shots. But, just like before, as she sat down on his lap, Leno pulled up her skirt so his already hard cock in his pants was pressed right up against her bare ass. When she lost again to Steve on a pair of kings she wondered what he have her do.

"Let's do another round of body shots!" Steve said, giving Bella a big smile, "I want to taste your sexy tummy again."

The guys cheered, all of them wanting to take shots off her sexy stomach again, but Bella wasn't sure if she wanted to let them do that again. Now that she wasn't wearing any panties, she was nervous about letting them take another round of body shots off her. Biting her lip, she decided to do it, just not like the boys had in mind. 

Bending over the table, propping herself up on her elbows to arch her back, and sticking her sexy ass up in the air, she lifted her dress and told them to pour the shot in the bowl of her arched back. As each geek grabbed her by the hips to take his shot, she could feel herself slowly losing control over her own body. This time, when Abel pulled her on his lap, she was the one to pull up her dress, making sure there was nothing between the poor geek's lap and her bare ass as they played.

The game kept going and the alcohol didn't stop and Bella once again said 'cock" instead of 'jock.' All the geeks were laughing as they were pretty drunk themselves.

"Dear, dear Bella," Mark said, "one would think that you really want something else out of this game," he said as he poured six shots out for her. Looking at the glasses, Bella knew there was no way she could drink all those shots without being sick. Holding her breath, she waited to see what Abel would offer her, since he had one the last hand. The other boys were equally quiet, the gaming taking on a much more sexually charged atmosphere.

"Well if she doesn't want to drink, I guess I can settle with taking her bra," he said, grinning at Bella, and then at his friends.

For a second Bella blushed and thought about saying no. The game had become pretty crazy and who knew where things might go, but when she didn't say anything, Abel slipped one hand under her dress as his other hand unclipped her bra and pulled her strapless bra off her. Pulling it out from under her dress and throwing it on the table, the other boys let out cheers of encouragement, eyeing her bra. Bella could feel a slight sag in her dress, deepening her cleavage even more. She noticed that Abel had placed both his hands on her hips again, but this time under her dress, touching her bare skin.

The next couple of rounds flashed by quickly as Abel's hand started to caress and stroke her stomach and thighs. Slowly but surely, the hot redhead started to feel a fire building between her legs that was close to raging out of control, she was getting wet with arousal and could feel her juices dripping down her thighs. 

Sensing her eagerness and feeling her wetness, Abel called for another round of body shots and helped her up. Glad for a brief moment to try and compose herself, Bella lifted her skirt up and was getting ready to bend over onto the table so the geeks could take their shots. Instead, she was surprised when she was turned around by one of the boys and gently pushed onto the table.

Before she could say anything, her legs were pushed open on the table, spreading her thighs and revealing her to the geeks. Her dress was being pulled over her head and for a second, she tried to hold onto it, and not let the boys pull it off her, but then she felt the cold vodka hit her clit and she moaned as Abel pushed his lips against her pussy and sucked the alcohol into his mouth. Bella cried out loud, moaning in pleasure as each of the young men took his turn taking a shot from her pussy. The last to take his shot was Mark, and after he was done, he just kept eating her, licking and sucking her pussy into his mouth.

The booze, the wonderful sensations and feelings of the boys' hands and lips on her, and now, Mark's mouth and tongue on her pussy sent Bella to Nirvana. She could feel a powerful orgasm building in her loins as Leno straddled her chest. He had stripped naked and started to fuck her tits with enthusiastic thrust of his small cock. Smiling at him, Bella cupped her ripe full breasts to help him, but as she did, he started to buck his hips and shoot a thick rope of cum on her breast. She was about to laugh at his lack of stamina, but before she could, her orgasm from Mark's mouth on her pussy crashed over her. The wave that racked her body was so powerful that she thrashed around from side to side on the table, moaning and screaming at the top of her lungs for the boys not to stop.

As her orgasm finally crested and subsided, she felt herself being flipped over, and a tongue probed her from behind. Mark, his face covered in her juices, climbed on the table with his own small cock. Pushing herself up on her hands, arching her back in the process, she opened her mouth for the geek cock in front of her.

"Well little lady," Mark said as he playfully pushed his cock towards her mouth, "you wanted cock, here it is. All you have to do is ask nicely," he said, grinning at her, pushing his cock head only a few inches from her waiting mouth. 

Grinning at him, Bella felt a new mouth on her pussy, making her moan in pleasure as she licked her lips at Mark, moving them closer to his cock but not touching his cockhead, before answering him.

"The question Mark," she said, almost touching her lips to the tip of his cock, teasing him mercilessly, "isn't if I'm going to ask nicely, but what you'll do if I don't," Bella said, grinning up at him wickedly.

Mark just smiled and smacked his cock against her face a couple of times. But, as the redhead kept on grinning at him, he lost his patience and just her grabbed her head, burying his fingers in her hair and thrust his cock into her open mouth. 

Letting out a moan as the nerd surprised her by pushing his cock into her mouth without permission, Bella started to suck on it as hard as she could. She felt a tongue twist and swirl around her asshole as two fingers where pushed inside her.

"Oh shit, this hot little slut really wanted a cock in her," Mark moaned as he started to fuck the young girl's face, smiling at Thomas who was standing behind her. 

Bella felt a pair of hands grab her by her hips. She sighed, thinking that it was about time that someone jammed a cock deep inside her dripping pussy. Letting go of Mark's cock, she wanted to tell whoever was behind her to just pound his little cock into her and plough her over and over again. But, Mark grabbed her tighter by her hair, tangling his fingers deep in her red hair, and pushed his cock hard back into her hungry mouth. She felt fingers digging into the skin of her hips and the tip of a cock push against her wet pussy lips, shivering in anticipation, she lifted her hips up a little higher, waiting for the small nerd cock to fill her.

"Oh my fucking Godeuhmffff!!" 

She tried to scream, until her mouth got filled again by a cum spewing cock. The feeling of warm cum in her mouth and the huge cock almost ripping her in half was enough to send her over the edge for a second time. She didn't get a chance to rest as Thomas kept on jack-hammering her from behind, literally nailing her tight cunt to the table.

"Oh fuckkk," Thomas moaned in pleasure, "that feels so good baby. Your pussy is so tight around my dick. I should let you do more of the heavy lifting baby," he said as he lifted her up off the table and went to lay on his back on the floor, turning Bella around until she was straddling him, her pussy still on his cock. 

For a second she remained still, panting for air and trying to catch her breath, but she was spurred on by a couple of hard slaps against her ass. She started to push herself up and down on Thomas's monster cock, moaning as it filled her so deep. Seeing her tits bounce so sexily, Abel made his way in front of her and pushed his cock against her lips, wanting her to suck him as she rode Thomas for all she was worth. Moaning in pleasure, hungry for more cock, Bella opened her mouth and took Abel's small cock deep in her mouth, sucking him hard. The other nerds laughed at her enthusiasm, calling her all kinds of dirty names. Steve and Leno moved to stand on either side of her, her putting her hands on their cocks so that she could pleasure all four of them at the same time. Mark, who was still recovering from the amazing blowjob she had given him, was walking around the action, snapping pictures and making little clips on his cellphone for later use.

As he got hard again and saw that her hands, mouth, and pussy were all being used, he saw there wasn't really any space for him to join his friends in front of her, so he kneeled behind her and gave her ass a couple of playful spanks. 

Grabbing her waist, he stopped her bobbing head for a second and pushed the tip of his cock against her tight little back door. Moaning at how tight her ass was, Mark pushed past her ass-ring. He expected her to cry out and tell him to stop, but all he heard was a soft moan. Pushing himself in deeper, he let her move her hips again, her pussy and ass both completely filled. 

This time, it wasn't the men who blew early, but the feeling of being completely filled and used sent Bella over the edge, the two cocks thrusting hard and deep into her pussy and ass drove her to a body wracking orgasm. Her pussy and ass convulsing and clamping down tightly around the geek cocks, trying to milk them dry. As she collapsed, her body not able to keep her up anymore, the nerds formed a circle around her, snapping more pics and clips.

Thomas spoke up:

"Bella... beg us for our cum, if you ever want more of this..."

Bella looked straight into the lens of his cell and licked her lips, smiling and panting.

"Please... I need your cum... I want you to spew that sweet cum all over me. Pretty please." she said.

That was it for the boys, they couldn't take any more and started to coat her with their cum. Thomas was the last to explode, grabbing her by the hair, and shot his load onto her face, glazing her as the amount of his cum was directly proportional to his cock. When he was done, he pushed his cock back into her mouth, telling her to clean him.

Afterwards, she was helped to the bathroom so she could clean up, and Leno drove her back home. Bella eventually started to go to the better parties on campus, but would still have her weekly workouts with the boys, even without having to be blackmailed into it. After all if one cock is good, then five is better.