 It had been a long time since I'd been out to have a little fun. Work had been so busy and so stressful. There had been no time for a social life, no time for a man, and definitely no time for sex. My girlfriend, Madeline, had been telling me about this party that happens once a month. It's supposed to be really wild and crazy. She wouldn't tell me what that meant. All she would tell me was that it would make my stress disappear. Boy could I use that!

Last week, before I got off work, Madeline gave me the address of the party and told me to meet her there at eight. As I drove home to get ready, I wondered about what I was getting into and what I should wear. As I looked through my closet, I couldn't find anything really appealing. Red dress, no. Navy dress, no. I was thinking I should wear something a little naughty. I mean, the whole point of this party was to get a little and relieve some stress. I finally decided to wear a cute little outfit that I kept for those particularly horny periods. I mean, this definitely qualified. 

Standing in front of the mirror, I looked at myself. I think that I'm a pretty looking woman, not someone I would call beautiful. My red hair is semi-curly, shoulder length and frames my face really well. I have blue eyes and lips that can pout with the best of them. So, there I stood. Little green and red plaid skirt, cut just to above mid-thigh. A white shear blouse, white bra just barely outlined under the blouse. A pair of knee-high white stockings and a pair of plain white cotton panties. Days spent in Catholic School had taught me how to really work this outfit. I figured if this didn't get some looks, then everyone on the planet was dead. Finishing my make up, I grabbed my purse and threw in a box of condoms. First rule, always be prepared and safe. Closing the door behind me, I was ready to get this party going.

Madeline had given me directions to the party. I pulled up in front of a giant house on a hill right outside San Francisco, in Sausalito. The drive way was full and I pulled up behind the last one. Getting out of the car, I saw Madeline running down the drive way. She stopped, and looked me over, "Damn girl, you look ready to pounce!"

I hoped that was a good thing, "Not too much for this, I hope?"

"Definitely not too much. It's perfect!" Madeline grabbed my hand and pulled me up the drive way to the front door. There were already about twenty or thirty people inside. Some of the women were wearing jeans and shirts, some were in dresses, and a few were wearing teddies. Yep, I fit in just right, I thought to myself.

Madeline wrapped her arm around my waist and guided me to the bar. The bartender was a handsome man, probably in his mid-twenties. He was wearing boxers and an earring. That was it! He poured me a drink and smiled, "Love the outfit. I've always had a thing for school girls."

I walked away with Madeline feeling that this night was definitely going to be something else. I wasn't sure what just yet but I felt it in the air. 

After about twenty minutes, I heard someone calling for quiet. I looked over to the bar, and the bartender was standing on the top of a barstool. "Hey, shut the fuck up, everyone!" The room quieted. "Ok, it's time for the games to start. For those of you that are new, we like to play a little party game. Names have been put into a hat. When you pull a name, there's going to be a little something else on there, a mission if you will. You have thirty minutes to complete your mission and return to this room." The murmurs of approval and anticipation went through the room. 

I looked at Madeline and whispered in her ear, "What kind of mission?" 

She smiled and said, "Just relax. You wanted to have a little fun, now you will."

The bartender continued, "Ok, now, all the newcomers, and you know who you are, will draw first." 

People started to break from the crowd and one by one, drew a slip of paper from the hat. Names were being called and when they stepped forward, the pair would head off to complete their mission. When it was my turn, I tentatively slipped my hand into the hat and pulled out a piece of paper. 

"Damon - blow job without using your hands"

My face must have flushed. What had Madeline got me into! I was immediately scared but at the same time, all those months without sex took hold. I felt myself getting wet and aroused. I felt a hand on my shoulder. I looked up and saw a gorgeous, tanned guy. He looked like your typical surfer. "I'm Damon, let's go." He grabbed my hand and I followed him outside to the balcony.

"You ok with this?" he asked. He was sweet. I nodded and handed him the piece of paper. The smile that broke across his lips told me he liked this game. "Take me, I'm yours to play with!" The laughter filled the air and I felt at ease and ready to go. We had thirty minutes to complete our mission and I wasn't about to fail my first time around.

Sliding up to him, I looked at him sideways, "Well, I'm not supposed to use my hands." Kneeling down in front of him, I put my hands behind my back and leaned forward. Using my teeth, I unbuttoned his pants (I learned that trick in high school) and pulled the zipper down slowly. Taking his pants between my teeth, I pulled them down slowly. I felt horny and excited, looking at this strange cock. Forget the game, I wanted this cock just because I wanted it. 

Using my tongue, I circled the head and licked down the underside of his shaft. I flicked my tongue over the tip, his cock springing up and down. My mouth closed around his erection and I sucked. His moans were quiet. I could hear other moans around us as others were attempting to complete their missions. I bobbed my head up and down on his cock, my mouth the only thing touching him. 

I felt the tip touching the back of my throat as I sucked faster and harder. I looked up at him and knew he was close. I pulled my mouth back and then rammed in down again. I fucked his cock with my mouth and savored the taste. I heard him grunt and then I felt his cum shot into my mouth. I drank him down, my chin getting the excess. I licked him clean and stood.

"You play this game really good," he said as he fixed his pants back up. He grabbed my hand and we walked back into the main room. A few of the gamers had already reconvened and others continued to appear.

The bartender stood on the barstool again, his boxers slightly wet in front. "Times up! If you're not done, too bad." Everyone came together again. "This time, you get an hour to complete your mission. Same people that drew last time, draw again!" 

I walked to the hat a little more eager this time. What else was in this hat? I pulled my slip of paper and read.

"Ty - suck and fuck"

I looked up and called for Ty. When a tall, muscular black man walked up to me, I really felt horny. I'd never been with a black man before but oh the stories I had heard. He smiled, "I'm Ty, you my lucky partner?" 

I managed to nod a yes and he wrapped his arm around my waist and led me upstairs. Opening a door, he peeked inside, "All clear, come on, baby." Walking in, I glanced around the room. Not too bad. Clean and neat. "What's on the paper?" he asked.

Turning around and walking towards him, I put my hands on his chest and pushed him to the bed, "Suck and fuck." He smiled and watched as I unbuttoned my blouse. I let it hang open and pushed my bra down. Crawling on his lap, I pushed my nipple in his face and said, "Suck it."

I watched as his dark lips surrounded my pale nipple. A shot of electricity spilled through me. He was dark, almost an ebony. His mouth suckled my nipple, his tongue playing with it. His hand came up and cupped my other breast, squeezing and kneading. I loved the contrast of our skin against each other. I had to know if the stories were true.

Sliding off his lap, I leaned over and undid his jeans. I pulled them down around his ankles, taking his boxers with them. When I looked up again, I was staring at the biggest, blackest dick I'd ever seen. The stories were definitely true! "First black dick you've ever seen, baby girl?" he asked.

I smiled, "Yep and you're gonna get the best damn blow job you've ever had." I leaned over, taking his hard cock in my hand and lowered my mouth onto it. It was like sucking a chocolate bar, only better... much better! I sucked and rolled my tongue around him. I couldn't get all of him in my mouth but I sure as hell tried. Getting his member moist, I then slipped him out of my mouth. I leaned over him and wrapped his dick between my breasts and squeezed them together. His black cock wrapped between my pale breasts was such a turn on. 

"Oh yea baby! Oh that's fuckin good!" He was moaning and thrusting his cock up further, fucking my breasts. I had to have him! I had to ride him.

I stood up and slowly pulled my white cotton panties down and stepped out of them. I pulled my skirt up in front and showed him my shaved pussy. He moaned, "Come here baby and I'll show you what I can do." I grabbed my purse and pulled out the box of condoms. Tearing the packet open, I was glad that I had bought the big ones, anticipating is always good. 

I straddled his legs, my skirt riding up to give him a good view of my pussy. As I rolled the condom slowly down over his cock, his fingers played with me. I moaned as his finger slid inside me and wiggled around. He withdrew his finger and sucked it clean. "Mmm, I'll have to taste some of that later." His hands grabbed my hips and he lifted me up and onto his cock.

He was so big, I wasn't sure I'd be able to take him. I felt my pussy being torn apart and then I felt a shiver of pleasure as I settled slowly over him. Leaning forward, I braced myself against his chest. The thrust of his cock inside me pushed me forward even more. My breasts bounced back and forth as we rocked back and forth. Deeper and deeper he went. 

I sat straight up and bounced up and down gently. Riding his cock, I looked down and watched his hands play with my nipples. He squeezed and circled them. I leaned over again and he took my nipple in his mouth and sucked. I was in heaven. 

Moaning, I yelled, "Harder! Fuck me harder!" He rammed his cock up deeper inside me. I felt my orgasm rip through me and I yelled out again. Lifting me up, he pulled his cock briefly out of me. Laying me back on the bed, he opened my legs and buried his face in my wet mound. His tongue filled me where his cock had just been. My body shook as another orgasm ripped through me.

"Now you gonna take it all again and I'm gonna cum inside you." He pushed his cock hard inside my sensitive pussy. I moaned and lifted my legs up over his shoulders. Faster and harder he pushed, fucking me like I'd never been fucked before. "Oh shit!" he yelled out. 

I moaned as I felt my own orgasm again. He stepped back, pulling himself out of me. Yanking the condom off, his come shot out like a fucking rocket. I watched as he pumped the last of his come onto the floor. 

"Un-fucking believable, baby." He leaned over and kissed me. We heard the bartender calling everyone downstairs again. I buttoned my shirt but didn't bother to put on my panties. Ty dressed and we walked downstairs holding hands.

I found Madeline in the crowd this time. She looked tousled and like she'd had great sex. Walking up behind her, I put my arms around her waist and whispered, "Thank you."

She turned and smiled, "I knew you'd like this. Who have you had so far?"

I smiled back, "Damon for a blow job and Ty for the best fuck of my life."

"Ty is unbelievable isn't he. I love to get him." Madeline turned back to look at the bartender.

"Ok, this is the last round for the game. This time, the other group picks names. Let's go!"

I waited and watched as people went up and pulled names. I couldn't believe the anticipation I felt as I waited for someone to pull mine. Suddenly, I heard a voice calling my name. It was a woman. Oh my god! I hadn't thought about that. Walking up towards the bar slowly, I looked at the woman who had drawn my name. She was beautiful. Blond, petite but with a chest that would put Mae West to shame. 

Tapping her on the shoulder, I said, "That's me." She smiled and took my hand. 

We walked out to the terrace, towards the pool. Stopping by one of the lounge chairs, she said, "Is this ok?" 

"Sure," I looked at her again, this time feeling a new type of arousal. I was finding myself attracted to her. "Um, I think you should know. I've never done this before, I mean, I've never been with a woman before."

Taking my hand in hers, she said quietly, "That's ok. I'll be gentle. Do you want to know what the paper said?" I nodded, "I'm supposed to lick you." Lick me! Oh god! "Is that ok?" I nodded again. 

She slid her hand up my arm and took a small step forward. I could smell her perfume and it was arousing me even more. She unbuttoned my blouse and kissed my stomach with small butterfly kisses. I felt her hands on my thighs and looked down. She was caressing my inner thighs, her fingers gently opening my legs.

"Why don't you sit down?" she said softly.

I sat down on the lounge and she knelt in front of me. She kept her eyes on mine as her hands slid my skirt up. Looking down, she smiled as she saw that I had no panties on, having left the cotton panties upstairs. 

"I love a shaved pussy. It's so much more erotic and arousing." She leaned over and I felt her tongue on my really sensitive pussy. Her tongue was smooth against my lips, parting me gently. I opened my legs wider and watched as her tongue flicked across my clit. 

"Does that feel good? Do you like that?" she whispered against my mound. 

"So good! Oh god, it feels so good!" I moaned.

Her tongue was diving in and out of my pussy now. Using a finger, she teased my clit as she sucked. I moaned again. She knew just what I liked! Her finger started to fuck me faster and her mouth closed around my clit and sucked harder. I moaned and bucked, her mouth sucking down every last drop. 

Smiling, I could see my juices on her face in the moonlight. She kissed me. "Next time, I hope you draw my name. I'd love to come for you." She kissed me again. 

We straightened up and headed back inside. The group was reconvening and the bartender stood on the barstool once again. I found Madeline and stood next to her. "Everyone has completed three missions and from all the moaning and groaning, I'd say everyone was successful. Now let's do some serious partying." Somehow it didn't surprise me when he tore his boxers off and his hard cock sprang out free. Everyone around me started to take off their clothes.

I looked at Madeline, who had already taken off her top to reveal her gorgeous breasts. Laughing, I stripped my own clothes off. "Well, honey, what do you think of this party now?"

Standing there naked, with about thirty other naked people whom I'd never met before, I laughed, "I think, Madeline, I'm gonna lick your pussy till you faint and then I'm gonna fuck me some more cocks!" Oh what a way to relieve stress! It's good to have friends!