 Helen had been looking forward to the party for weeks but now that she was actually there she felt a little disappointed – it seemed like Julian was nowhere to be found.

Julian was a friend of Helen's husband, Graham – actually his best friend and co-worker – and he and Helen had been flirting shamelessly for months. As yet nothing more had really happened between them other than a lot of sexual innuendo and a few steamy looks across the room. But Julian had made it quite clear that if Helen ever wanted to take things any further, well, then he would be more than agreeable.

Helen had thought long and hard about the situation. She knew that sleeping with Julian would endanger her marriage to Graham – possibly irreparably. Did she really want to risk everything for sex with a good looking man? Was she prepared to change her whole life for a fling with a guy with smouldering eyes, dark, rugged good looks and an ever present bulge in the front of his pants that seemed to promise untold excitement and inevitable satisfaction? The answer was simple: yes, she was!

The annual party hosted my Graham and Julian's boss had seemed to Helen to be exactly the right time and the right place to satisfy her growing lust for this man. She knew that her husband would be mingling with the other guests and would hardly notice if she and Julian slipped off for an hour. In fact, Helen mused with a deep sigh, Graham hardly seemed to notice her much at all these days.

But Julian was nowhere to be found. Helen had virtually scoured the large rambling old house of her husbands' boss in her search for him and had all but given up hope that he was there. 

Grabbing a glass of cold white wine from one of the circling waiters, Helen found herself standing outside the back door and facing the sprawling, carefully manicured lawns. It was getting late and there was a slight chill in the air. Helen had selected her outfit for the evening with precision and, after trying on most of her wardrobe, had decided on a simple black dress that hugged her body tightly and accentuated her generous breasts. She felt a shiver run down her spine as the cool evening air played fleetingly around her bare legs and reminded her that the dress was the only thing covering her – she had also decided to dispense with any form of underwear for the party. She stood silently sipping her wine while the breeze worked on her. For a brief moment she felt the air swirl gloriously around her upper thighs and tickled the short hairs that covered her mound. Her eyes closed as a tremor of excitement shivered through her body and she imagined that the whispered touches on her legs and groin were Julian's strong hands.

When Helen reopened her eyes the breeze had died and she looked around feeling a little guilty. But the few other guests that were outside seemed more intent on their own private conversations and jokes to have paid Helen's little sexual fantasy any attention and she relaxed gratefully. 

Turning back to the house, Helen's eyes were drawn to the almost medieval splendour of the building. Her neck craned backwards and she looked up at the soaring turrets and buttresses that seemed to reach eerily like fingers into the night sky. In her minds eye the concrete and brick columns became the flesh and bone of male fingers as they groped towards a darkened sky. Heavy clouds mingled around the "fingers" and seemed to form the shape of the opening between a woman's legs. Helen watched as the clouds were probed and teased and again felt the stirring between her loins. She shook her head as she tried to dispel the sexual stimulation from her mind. 

She was just trying to remember if she had ever felt so horny before when she noticed a light on in one of the upper rooms of the house. Had she missed a room, she wondered? She knew it was a long shot but maybe, just maybe, she would find Julian yet.

The door of the small room creaked noisily opened to a darkened interior and Helen immediately wondered if she had the right room. She knew that there had been a light on only a few minutes ago. Stumbling slightly she felt her way to the window and looked down onto the gardens. Looking through the glass she could see exactly where she had been standing and knew that there was no doubt that this was the right room. She sighed deeply as she prepared to go back downstairs, disappointed again.

Suddenly everything in Helen's world turned completely black. Fear gripped her whole body as she realised that a large hand was clamped over her eyes and mouth and was holding her head tightly back against a chest. Images of raped and abused women flashed through her mind at the speed of light as she tried in vain to struggle free. But the hand that held her was strong and firm and Helen quickly realised that there was no way she was to escape its possession unless the hand so wished. Remembered snippets of information then started to infiltrate her mind; don't struggle; don't fight; try to stay calm. The voice in her ear made her hold her breath.

"You know I'm not going to hurt you. Lie down on the bed"

Helen wheeled around, relieved, excited and angry all at the same time. Julian's smiling face looked down at her.

"You scared the fuck out of me, you bastard!" Helen cried as she lightly beat her fists against Julian's chest. Her mind was in turmoil, she was so happy to see Julian but so furious with him for being so insensitive. "And if you think I'm going to do whatever you say now, then you've got another think coming!"

"Oh, I really think you should, darling." Said another, disembodied voice from the darkness.

Immediately Helen recognised the second voice.

"Graham? Is that you? What the hell is going on?"

Slowly, Helen saw her husband and a tall, blonde female in a gold coloured dress walk forward and out of the shadows.

"What's going on?" She repeated. "And who is that?"

"This is Ingrid," Graham said calmly, "and I really think you ought to do as Julian has asked. We all know that you want to."

Confused thoughts and emotions were jostling for position in Helen's mind. She could feel her body tingling all over as Julian stared at her unashamedly. Had she really been that transparent? How long had her husband know about her infatuation with his best friend? All of a sudden, and for the first time in months, she valued her marriage more than Julian.

"I'm sorry, darling." She said with a genuine lump in her throat. "I never meant…You know I always….oh God, I'm so sorry…. I'll forget him…please forgive me!"

"We both know that that is not going to happen." Graham answered in the same cool voice. Helen noted with a little surprise that the blonde woman was standing very close to him and silently watching the proceedings. "I really think that you should do as Julian has asked now. It's the only way, you know."

As if in a dream-like state, Helen walked slowly to the bed in the centre of the room and, as if by rote, kicked off her spiked shoes and climbed up onto that quilt. The bed felt comfortable and the linen smelled fresh and clean. She was aware that there were three pairs of eyes trained on her but she seemed unable to resist now.

"Very good," Julian's voice sounded commanding and authoritative as it took over from Graham's. "Now pull the hem of your dress up so we can see you."

For a moment Helen hesitated, but only for a moment. The dream state that clouded her mind was still extremely evident; it was as if she wanted the three people in the room to see her.

"But I'm not wearing any…"

"DO IT!" Julian's voice boomed out the order.

Helen gasped and immediately acquiesced. Her hands hardly seemed to belong to her as she gripped the hem of the dress and shimmied the material up to the top of her creamy white thighs. Her breathing was coming in short sharp gasps now and she realised that if she had been excited downstairs in the garden then now she was in a state of total arousal. She could feel her nipples hardening under the material of the dress and knew that moisture was forming between her trembling legs.

"Higher!" Julian commanded. "Pull it higher so we can see your cunt!"

Helen swallowed hard and closed her eyes. Her hands seem to work by themselves as they eased the thin material over the swell of her buttocks and bunched it lewdly around her waist.

"Now open your legs."

This time Helen obeyed without hesitation. Her knees fell open but her eyes remained tightly closed as she imagined Julian, her husband and Ingrid all staring at her gaping and wet pussy.

"Now use this." Julian's voice continued.

A little confused, Helen opened her eyes to see the blonde woman staring down at her. Oddly, Helen felt no embarrassment for her nakedness but only noted that Ingrid was offering her a long necked wine bottle.

"Use it!" Julian repeated firmly.

Slowly, Helen took the proffered bottle. Her long slim fingers flitted over the neck; stoking it and caressing it lovingly. She lowered it down towards her spread legs and gasped as she felt the cold glass touch her hot, wet opening.

As Helen slid the bottle further and further into her body she opened her eyes. She had been aware of murmured voices in the back of her mind – sexual noises – and was only a little surprised to see that both Julian and Graham had both unzipped their pants and released two throbbing erections. Julian was masturbating through his open fly and Ingrid, still sitting next to Graham, was slowly massaging his swollen tool with her hand as they all watched Helen pleasure herself.

"Fuck yourself with it my little slut!" Julian's voice was not as powerful as it had been and it was clear that he was trying to balance his own feeling of lust with the importance of remaining in control.

Again Helen obeyed without question. She was lost in her own personal world of lust now and she began to thrust the bottle in and out of her soaked pussy with abandon. Her moans quickly reached fever pitch and she could feel her red painted toes begin to curl up into fists as she neared climax. Faster and faster she rammed the improvised sex-toy into herself. Her legs began to shake and tremble and, as her back arched gracefully from the bed, she exploded into an orgasm so powerful that she thought she might pass out completely.

Graham watched his wife while Ingrid played deliciously with his hard cock. His own hand was up inside the blonde's dress and, as he pulled her panties to one side, he was able to slide two fingers into her hot vagina. It seemed to Graham now that his wife hardly needed Julian's instructions or commands. She was already pulling the crumpled dress over her head without further prompting and now sat on the bed completely naked as she watched Graham's best friend masturbate in front of her. The look on Helen's face was one of pure, unadulterated lust and Graham knew that there was to be a lot more to the evening before long.

"You've all seen me," Helen said with a strained voice, "So how about I get to see you all?"

Helen saw Graham and Julian looked at each other and smile knowingly. She watched as both men quickly stripped off the remains of their clothes and then looked over at Ingrid. Apart from a brief, experimental flirtation at college, Helen had never been close to another woman before, but now felt extremely curious. She wanted to see what was under the gold dress nearly as much as she wanted Julian to fuck her until she couldn't walk!

Julian and Graham lost no time in satisfying Helen's curiosity. With their hands all over the blonde woman's body, they practically ripped the silky fabric from her lithe frame until she was left sitting on the carpet in just gold sandals and a pair of minute, white lace panties.

"Still not quite as exposed as me!" Helen giggled. "Let's lose the panties, yes?"

Helen watched with awed fascination as Ingrid peeled off her white lace underwear and exposed a perfectly shaved pussy – a stark contrast to Helen's own bushy mound. Helen could see the effect of her husband's fingers on the blonde's vagina that was now open and wet and pouted slightly like a petulant child.

"I need to fuck." Ingrid stated in a thick European accent. Helen guessed that she was either Dutch or Swiss.

"Good idea," Helen replied. "I'm ready!"

As Julian moved toward the bed and her husband remained with Ingrid, Helen realised that this had most likely been pre-planned by the guys. She certainly had no objection – she was finally going to get herself fucked by Julian and now clearly not at the risk of her marriage. What could be better?

Helen felt the bed dip slightly as Julian climbed up and lay with her. His body felt so good next to hers and she let her hands idly caress the thick hair on his chest as his fingers played with her throbbing nipples. Slowly her hands moved downwards, circling and lightly scratching with her nails until her fingers fond his erection. Gently she grasped it and heard her lover moan deep in his throat. It was difficult but somehow she managed to move her head down to his lap. She wanted to taste him and nothing was going to stop her.

For a few seconds, Graham raised his head from between Ingrid's spread legs and stopped teasing her swollen clit with the tip of his tongue. Ingrid protested but he indicated over at Julian and his wife so that they both could watch. Helen's mouth was now stretched wide to accept Julian's thick cock as she took him deep into her throat and Graham felt his own cock pulsate wildly as he looked on.

Deeper and deeper Helen took the hard, throbbing meat until her nose nestled softly into Julian's groin. It was nearly as much as Graham could take and with a sudden burst of strength and a deep guttural grunt, he flipped the naked Ingrid over and slammed his thick tool deep into her pussy.

Helen watched as her husband began ramming his cock into another woman's vagina but felt no jealousy. Her mouth and throat were so full of Julian's cock she wondered briefly that, if he climaxed at that point, weather she would drown. Her fingers played lightly with his balls and between his buttocks but, apart from a surge of power from his tool and a moan of lust, Graham seemed to be in complete control of himself. Helen silently thanked him for his stamina!

"I want you now." Helen heard her lover mumble between gritted teeth. She smiled inwardly. This was the moment that she had been waiting for and obediently pulled her self up into a kneeling position and spread her legs obligingly.

Helen was acutely aware that, in this position, her pussy and ass were spread open for the world to see. But she didn't care. She was past caring. She wanted her pussy filled with Julian's cock and, at last, it was about to happen.

Helen didn't have long to wait. Amongst the cries of lust from her husband and Ingrid as they fucked away like rabbits, she felt the searing heat as Julian thrust his rigid pole of male flesh deep into her vagina. She wanted it hard and fast and didn't have to ask twice. As her lover rammed deep and strong his balls slapped noisily against Helen's pussy lips. He was as deep as anyone had ever been inside her and the feeling of fullness completed her. She could feel the waves of ecstasy building again from deep inside her and cried out loudly as she came for a second time.

This time the force of a multiple climax rocked Helen's body and took her breath away. Somewhere in the dark recesses of her mind she could hear similar cries of satisfaction coming from Ingrid and knew that Graham was treating the blonde woman to much the same level of pleasure. 

Julian's hands had been teasing and pinching at her abused nipples while he fucked her and now Helen could feel his hot breath against her cheek as he leaned forward to whisper in her ear.

"Now for the grand finale" Julian gasped. "It's all planned. We're going to do you both together – in your asses!"

Helen hardly had time to think before she felt the bed dip again and suddenly Ingrid was kneeling next to her in almost exactly the same position. Their faces were so close that it seemed the obvious thing to do was to kiss. For a brief moment, Helen looking into Ingrid's eyes and they both felt the connection.

"I haven't done any…"

Helen's words were quickly cut off as Ingrid lowered her face towards her. Their lips suddenly locked in a fierce embrace and Helen experienced, for the first time in many years, the sensation of another woman's tongue in her mouth. It felt good. It felt right and Helen returned the kiss with enthusiasm.

"I think your wife is turning bisexual!" 

Helen could hear Julian's voice from behind her and was aware that both men were settling themselves behind her and Ingrid. It suddenly occurred to her that neither her husband or lover had yet cum and that their clear intention was to unload themselves into the two anal openings that were now staring up at them. Helen was no stranger to anal play but she was well aware that Julian's cock was considerably larger than her husband's, or indeed her own finger. She looked forward to the ultimate penetration with a mixture of trepidation and longing.

The women broke their embrace as they both felt the cool lubricant ooze between their buttocks. Helen moaned deeply as Julian's finger worked the viscous liquid into her anus and, glancing over at Ingrid she realised that her husband's digits were having the same effect on the blonde. 

And then, suddenly, the finger was gone. For a moment Helen felt a yawning, empty sensation but this, too, soon disappeared. What replaced the emptiness was a feeling of pain mixed with total ecstasy. All of a sudden Julian's cock felt huge to her as he worked the bulbous head into her anal opening and past her tight muscle. Helen wriggled her bottom backwards and tried to relax. The pain was diminishing now and she felt the tight hole spread open like a blooming flower in the sun to accommodate the throbbing length of flesh that was now inside her.

Again, Helen glanced to her side and saw the look of pure ecstatic lust that adorned her new friend's face. Helen's own body was now being thrust back and forth in time with Ingrid's and both women put a hand between their legs to tease their clits as all four lovers pumped, thrust and stroked their way to climax.

This time it was Ingrid who orgasmed first. Helen could see the blonde woman's body shaking and trembling next to her and reached out to squeeze the swollen nipple that topped one heaving breast. Ingrid screamed out in her lust and Helen eyed the trickle of juice that now meandered its way down the inside of her thigh.

Graham was next. Hearing her husband's cry of satisfaction, Helen watched as he wrenched his tool clear of Ingrid's abused looking anus and shot a long stream of cum that laced from the crease of her tanned buttocks almost up to the nape of her swan-like neck.

And then suddenly Helen could feel hot liquid burning her insides. Her eyes closed and her mind concentrated on the sensations as her lover ejaculated thick and frequent jets of searing cum into her ass. Julian had not withdrawn his tool from her and his sticky issue seemed to flood her insides.

As soon as she was sure that he had finished inside her, Helen moved forward to allow Julian's deflated cock to slither wetly from her anus. Immediately her fingers began to work overtime in her pussy as she quickly climbed the hill towards her third orgasm. The waves crashed over her like surf breaking on a deserted beach. Lights sparkled and twinkled in her mind and her whole body convulsed. The room began to mist over, clouds in the night sky darkened her brain. She was slipping away to paradise. Slowly…slowly…slowly…..

"If you're going to spend all night in that bath tub we will never get to the party on time!"

Helen's eyes shot open and quickly took in the familiar surroundings of her own bathroom. The water surrounding her naked body had long since cooled and she wondered how long she had been asleep. She withdrew the two fingers that had been inside her vagina feeling a little guiltily.
