 A group of them had been meeting for a few months. It was a nice group of kids, most of them regularly attended the parties, but there were always a few different ones. It was by invitation only. John had to be careful to have the same number of boys and girls. So far the evenings had been typical makeout sessions. Lots of kissing, pretty hot and heavy, as well as some petting. Some girls didn't allow much petting. but some allowed more, including under the clothes. It seemed pretty exciting for the group of high school seniors, mostly because the partners were always changing. No boy/girl friends were allowed. Everyone was completely "single", and no-one had the same partner two times in a row. But it was soon to take a turn that would make all of this very ordinary.

The parties were held in John's basement, a nicely finished room with two couches, some chairs, a TV, and a good sound system. Even an outside entrance. The nicest thing about the room was that John's parents never came down. Maybe it wasn't so nice for John. His parents didn't really give a damn about him. He could do about anything he wanted as long as it didn't affect them. To be fair, his mom had died years before, and his dad was remarried. Since his mom had died, John pretty much raised himself. All in all, he had turned out well, so far. But you can see why his house was such a popular spot.

The night that began to change things started as an ordinary night. Each couple was deeply engrossed in kissing and fondling, enjoying the music and each other. Just before things would start to wrap up, Tyler went over to John, interrupting the couple in mid-grope.

"Dude, I gotta go upstairs. Can we use your room?" Tyler asked.

"What for?" said John, very unhappy to be interrupted.

"Cassandra is hot! Man, I'm all over her, and she's willing to do it. We need a bed!"

"What?" John was amazed. "You want to use my room to screw Cassandra?"

"Man, I want to use any room to screw Cassandra. I'd do it in the hall, but she wants a bed." Tyler was desperate. "And you said your parents aren't home. Come on, Man!"

"Shit, go ahead. But don't make a mess!" John couldn't argue much more, and he was anxious to get back to his girl for the evening.

Tyler and Cassandra ran up the stairs, and didn't return until most people were gone. In the meantime, another new event had taken place.

Everyone knew where Tyler and Cassandra had gone, and what they were doing. It seemed to make the temperature rise in the room, knowing that one of the couples was actually having sex right there in the house. So when Joan broke out of her embrace to go to the bathroom, Evan was turned on enough to give her a challenge. He had gotten her blouse completely open, and her bra undone, so that he had been enjoying complete access to her bare tits. 

Now, understand, the basement room was close to complete darkness. Each person could see their partner, but not that well. The only light in the room was a dim table lamp at the foot of the stairs, and it sat in an alcove that limited where its light spread to only the center of the room. All of the seats were away from there, leaving the couples in the dark. But to get to the bathroom, a person had to walk to the center of the room, past the stairs and the lamp, into the next room. Though the lamp was dim, it cut through the darkness at that location, so anyone walking past was easily seen by everyone.

Evan challenged Joan saying, "I dare you to go topless." 

He was hoping she was as turned on as he was. He knew that she loved to be the center of attention, and she was a bit of an exhibitionist. And after all, she had let him nearly strip her topless after Tyler and Cassandra had left to have sex. With all of this, he thought he might have a chance of her accepting the challenge.

Joan had sat perfectly still since Evan had issued his challenge, but suddenly she moved her shoulders so that her blouse slid down her arms, and she slid the bra straps down as well. She sat there topless, looking at Evan.

"Go ahead," Evan smiled.

Joan smiled back, slowly stood up, and walked proudly into the lighted part of the room, past the lamp, and through the door. There were a couple gasps as some saw her walk exposed through the light, but most had missed it altogether. After the toilet flushed and the door opened, everyone in the room was watching to see Joan come back through the door. Would she still be topless?

Indeed she was. Walking tall and proud, her round, beautiful breasts swaying gently as she went, on total display for everyone to see. There were more gasps, and several of the guys cheered her. Some of the girls liked it as well, but some slapped their partners for enjoying it too much. In fact a couple of the girls left soon afterward, before the party had broken up.

Before the next party several changes took place. John brought an old single mattress in from the garage and put it in the next room. It was a laundry room with a bathroom, and had sufficient room for the mattress. John didn't want people using his bed any more for sex. Well, unless it was him.

Another change was the people he invited. The girls who had seemed offended by Joan being topless were not invited, and others were discussed as to their willingness to go along with such behavior. Only girls thought to be willing to indulge in more wild behavior were invited. The guys were chosen as well, but they were easier to pick. Most guys would happily participate.

The last change was during the party itself. John announced that in order for the girls to use the bathroom, they would have to go topless, as Joan had done. The guys had decided that it was worth a try. They did it mostly as a joke, not really expecting the girls to go along with it. But they were hoping.

It was only a few minutes after the announcement that Tricia announced that she had to use the bathroom, and proceeded to strip to the waist. She walked to the center of the room with a smile and turned around to give everyone a good view of her perky breasts. She proceeded into the bathroom receiving a round of applause. Just after she returned, Joan did the same, revealing her larger breasts to all. Cassandra was the third girl to do it. None seemed to have been gone long enough to actually use the toilet, and they all stayed naked to the waist upon their return, much to the delight of their partners. Two other girls did not follow suit, and the makeout party began with three bare chested girls and two fully clothed ones. Strangely, the dressed ones felt out of place, and before too long Rosie joined the half naked girls trekking to the bathroom. That left Gia, who finally gave it up and went along, though she walked so fast and hid her breasts so well that no-one got much of a look. It wasn't until after the party that the guys realized that no-one had even remembered the mattress that had been available in the next room, as they returned it to the garage.

The same group of people came to the next session, and it was decided that from then on all the girls would be topless for the party. The guys made the rule, of course, but the girls were agreeable. Most were excited about flaunting their bodies in front of the guys. Gia wasn't enthusiastic about it, but she wanted to go along with the others because they were her friends. She liked being one of the gang. And a part of her liked showing off her body, though she didn't like to admit it.

Joan couldn't make it to the next party, so it was decided to invite Amy. A couple of the girls had approached her quietly, trying to be sure that she would be okay with the rules of the party. When they decided she was willing, the invitation was given. This was the way it would be for the group anytime a new person was added. 

At this party things really started getting wild. The girls all stripped to the waist at the beginning, according to the new rule. Amy was last, of course, but when she saw the others doing it she went along willingly. Up until this point the guys had pretty much stayed dressed. The girls would often squeeze their dicks, and the guys would often cream in their pants, but that was about it. Until tonight. 

Things had naturally gotten hotter since the girls were topless. All of them, from the beginning of each night. More moans were heard, and more of everything was done as they were all more turned on. Finally the mattress in the other room got some use. Cassandra was with John on this night, and after the party had been going on for a good while, Cassandra's moans could be heard by everyone. Soon the couple walked hand in hand through the light and through the door. Everyone knew why.

Moans started coming from the other room as the rest of the people stopped most of what they were doing in an embarrassed but interested silence. Muffled words could be heard, but not understood. Soon the unmistakable sounds of intercourse echoed through the room. Cassandra was trying to be quiet but her moans escaped her as she neared her climax.

They all heard Cassandra whimper through her orgasm while some groans came from John as well. It was several minutes later that they reappeared, shyly, back into the main room. Amy then went in by herself, but didn't stay long. Not to use the bathroom, she came back out with a towel and proceeded to wipe up the floor in front of them. She had gotten into the swing of things quite well, and had jacked off Ron, but not in his pants. She had pulled it out of his pants, making him cum on the floor. This was another first.

**************

Everyone who had been to the last party seemed willing to do just about anything, even if they were a bit inexperienced. A few in the group had come up with a daring idea. But they had to make sure that all of the people attending were willing and bold enough.

After conversations with the gang, they were ready for the party. Everyone showed up early, anxious and seemingly nervous. They all knew something unprecedented was to take place. John explained the rules for the night.

"Everyone's name is on a slip of paper in this bowl, boys on blue and girls on white. One of each will be picked for each round. Each round consists of one of these sex acts - masturbating yourselves, masturbating each other, oral sex, fucking missionary style, and fucking in any other position."

There were some gasps and muted mumbling, but no real talking after John's announcement. Everyone seemed stunned, or perhaps embarrassed. Nervous, for sure. Though everyone had an idea of what was to take place, to hear it confirmed out loud came as a shock.

"Everyone will have to be naked when they do this, but I think we should all be naked the whole time," John continued. "Does anybody have a problem with any of this?" Everyone nervously looked at the floor, then slowly at each other. Finally John said," Okay then, everyone strip and we can get started."

The guys were pretty quick to remove their shoes and socks as well as their shirts. Then they stopped, partly from shyness and partly because the girls were getting very interesting to look at. They had all taken off their shoes. Cassandra, Amy, and Tricia had removed their blouses and bras, allowing all the guys to enjoy the sight of three pairs of breasts jiggling right in front of them. Rosie wasn't far behind, but seemed to be enjoying looking at the girls as well. Gia was the slowest, as she was having a little trouble stripping in front of the whole room.

Pants started to drop, gradually leaving everyone in only their underwear. Everyone was staring, at both sexes. The guys were excited at the wonderous bodies of the girls, but they couldn't help but try to compare the bulges of the other guys to their own. The girls checked out the other girls but mostly took their own mental measurements of the bulges.

Amy was first to start sliding her panties down, and each of the others followed suit. The guys loved seeing the girls' tits hang down in front as they bent over, and their dicks hardened some more. The girls stood, naked, looking, and it finally dawned on the guys that they had to finish stripping. John and Evan suddenly pulled their shorts down and off in one quick move, and the others followed, but more nervously. They all stood looking, feeling excited and very stupid. John broke the tension.

"Why don't we all sit around in a circle, and we'll draw the first names."

He continued as everyone lowered themselves to the floor, now shyly hiding themselves just a bit. "Now, last chance. Is everyone okay with what I've described? There can't be any backing out once we start."

No-one said anything. All eyes were averted except for a few accidental glances.

"Okay, who wants to draw the first names?" John asked. 

Tricia was sitting closest to the bowl of names, so she reached over. "I'll do it."

"One of each," John said.

She pulled out a white and a blue slip of paper. "Amy." she said, reading the white slip.

"Oh, my God!," said Amy, dropping her head into her hands. "No, not first!' She lifted her head up, her eyes wide and a look of surprise on her face. There was also enough of a smile to tell the others that she would do it.

Everyone else smiled and muttered their approval. It continued as Tricia read the blue slip. "Evan." 

Evan looked a little surprised, but said nothing. Everyone looked around, glad it was not them, waiting for directions.

"Okay, you two move into the middle here," John directed. They did this, with the others anxiously positioning themselves for viewing the show.

Amy and Evan looked at each, nervous and questioning.

Evan looked at John and asked, "And we are just supposed to ... masturbate?"

John answered. "That's right, man. Just do it to yourselves like you do in your own rooms." 

Amy and Evan again looked at each other nervously. As Evan's dick was standing straight out from his body, it didn't take much for him to get started. In fact by this time it was aching to be touched. His hand slipped to his lap and wrapped itself around his shaft. Mumbles of approval were heard as he slowly moved his hand up the shaft. He closed his eyes in relief as his hand moved back down the shaft, grateful for the pleasurable feeling and ending the nervousness he had felt for being on display. He started stroking his penis, slowly, opening his eyes to see the others staring in appreciation at the show. 

As Evan kept stroking his dick, Cassandra said, "Come on Amy, you'd better get started."

Amy just looked at Cassandra. Still with a kind of vacant stare, her right hand moved down to her bush, slowly moving further to her slit. She rubbed slowly, automatically, finally seeming to break her trance. She broke her gaze at Cassandra, looked at the floor shyly, then glanced around the room at the faces looking at her snatch, as well as at Evan. As she looked at Evan stroking his erection, her attention shifted to that. Her excitement finally started to increase as she watched Evan stroking his dick.

Evan tried to stroke slowly, tried to get his mind off what he was doing, as he knew it wasn't going to be long before he shot his load. He looked over at Amy's crotch, he looked around the room seeing nothing but sexy, naked bodies. He closed his eyes to avoid looking at anything but saw everything anyway. He couldn't get it out of his mind. Stroking slowly wasn't an option any longer as his speed increased. His hand moved up and down the entire shaft and he felt the cum building, straining to get out. It was no use, he could not control it. He squeezed hard and stroked quickly, groaning as cum shot high into the air. There were a couple of small gasps from the crowd, and after a few spurts Evan slowly squeezed the last few drops out of his dick. 

The attention of the other kids quickly turned to Amy. She had watched Evan cum, and it caused her to finally get into the action. Her pussy was now wet, and it felt so good as she rubbed her lips and slipped two fingers into her hole. Her breathing was now quick and shallow as her fingers pushed hard into her hole. The squishing was audible now, and Amy was starting to whimper a little. Her legs spread as she kept rubbing, giving everyone on that side a good view. Most of the other people moved around to get a good view of her snatch. Her eyes were closed, her mind lost in the enjoyment, she was no longer thinking of the people watching her. Her thumb found her swollen clit as she pushed a third finger in. In a matter of a few minutes she was getting close. Suddenly she fell onto her back, her knees spreading wide, her hand working feverishly in her crotch. Her other hand, which had been steadying herself, now cupped her breast and began pulling and twisting her nipple. She was moaning steadily now and her hips began pushing her cunt up into her hand. She grunted with each thrust now, fucking her fingers, and then her orgasm overcame her. A few pelvic thrusts into the air and then she settled down onto the floor, still cumming but calming down with a couple of whimpers. She rolled onto her side with her hand still between her legs. 

Gradually she seemed to awaken to her surroundings, looking around and then covering her face with her free hand. Applause broke out, and Gia wrapped her arms around her. Everyone complimented her, and she sat up, avoiding eye contact. She was embarrassed at what she had done, and glad it was over. But yet she was proud at the same time. 

The rest of the room took a deep collective breath, Excitement and surprise filled the room. John gradually took the bowl of names and began talking. "Okay, wow, uh, that was really great you two. Thanks, ah, that was hot! Uh, okay, is everyone ready for the next couple?" He handed the bowl over to Amy. She grabbed a slip of paper and threw it back to John, who read, "Tricia."

Tricia let a small gasp escape, and John handed the bowl to Evan. Tyler's name was picked, and he quietly said, "Yesss!" As those two scooted into the center of the crowd, Tyler said, "I am so turned on!"

"Okay," John said, "you two are to masturbate each other." Everyone murmured approval as Tricia and Tyler looked into each other's eyes. Tyler then looked at Tricia's breasts. Larger than Amy's, they hung nicely on her chest, and her nipples were noticeably hardened. He reached over to tweak one, and Tricia smiled nervously. He cupped the whole breast, and their lips moved closer and ended in a kiss. He kept mauling her tits and her hands roamed over his chest. Her hands continued down his body and into his pubic hair. Her hand then turned and slipped Tyler's dick between her thumb and fingers at its base. She squeezed, causing a moan from Tyler. He broke the kiss and let his hand also move down to her crotch.

They broke away a little, allowing room for their hands and arms to move. They sat side by side, rubbing the other's genitals. Her fingers traced their way up Tyler's shaft, around the knob, pulling at the tip. His hand dipped between her legs and massaged her pussy lips. He felt the dampness already there, and slipped between her lips, finding her hole. As he reached two fingers into her as far as he could reach, she wrapped his penis in her fingers and began sliding up and down. His attention quickly shifted to his own member, which had nearly been ready to explode just from watching Amy masturbate. Now Tricia's hand was coaxing his prick to release its load, and it was just about to. His hand did little in Tricia's cunt as his hips began pumping into her hand. She knew he was about to lose it, and she pumped harder and faster and felt his shaft swell even more. She moved away a bit so that his spray would not hit her, and he erupted with his cum spurting to the pleasure of the crowd. She rubbed her thumb up the underside of his shaft milking all of his cum out.
