 Author's Note: This story contains some cuckolding elements, though nothing too dark, in the end. If you aren't really into that at all, you might want to skip this one. To everyone else, enjoy! (All characters are over 18) 

***** 

I rolled up a joint, stripped, sat down on the couch, and browsed over to my favorite porn video site. My boyfriend was going to be out for a couple hours, at least, and I was just going to spend some time enjoying myself: Smoke weed, watch porn, masturbate. Good, clean, wholesome fun. I lit the joint, and took a couple puffs as I sunk back into the couch and browsed videos. 

Half an hour later I was very high, hand rubbing my clit gently, as I watched an amature video of a middle-aged woman in a glory hole booth suck cock. Abruptly, maybe it was watching that woman take a load in her mouth, or maybe it was all the weed, I realized how thirsty I was. I left the TV going, and when I came back from the kitchen with some water, I saw that a new video had auto-played and was just starting. I sat down, sipping my water, with my eyes locked on this new video. 

It was a mellow party, some friends sitting around drinking and playing games and watching something on the TV. It was a girl, her boyfriend, and their three friends. Soon their conversation turned to sex and dating, and it became clear that the one girl in the scene had, at one point or another, dated all four of the guys at different periods in time. They started talking about her, and what she was like in bed: 

She do that thing for you where she takes your entire ballsack in her mouth and jacks you? 

Oh fuck yeah, I remember that. I loved slapping my cock on her face during that. Fuck, good times. 

Come on, guys, I'm right here you know! 

 She was blushing and laughing. They were starting to rub themselves through their jeans. Her apparent current boyfriend, who she was leaning up against, replied next: 

Oh we know, babe. We might have to ask you to go back into action and be our little pass-around girl for the night. 

 Soon she was stripping in front of them, and moving around from place to place on the couch sucking them off.  

I watched intently, and my hand slipped back down between my legs. 

Oh fuck yeah, her boyfriend was saying, I love watching you suck my friends, your exes. I gotta see more though. I gotta see you pass that pussy around. I gotta see you fuck them, can you do that for me, girl? 

 If I had been captivated before, I was obsessed now. I had never watched anything like this before and I loved the idea of her boyfriend encouraging her to fuck these other guys in front of him. These weren't just random guys, they were friends, had known each other, had connections and history. Maybe sometimes they had thought about fucking her and shook their heads thinking it would never happen. And now they were all fucking this girl bareback together. I slipped one finger and then another inside myself and fingerfucked myself furiously, consumed with the heat of the scene. 

The guys didn't move, she just went around to each of them. After the first few her pussy was dripping with cum, and so they started using her ass, too. Her boyfriend watched and took his turn like all the others when she came around to him, and then passed her onto the next guy like it was no big deal. 

Suddenly I jumped at the sound of our apartment door opening to my right across the room, I was so preoccupied I hadn't even heard the key turn, or maybe I hadn't even locked the door, I was still a little high and couldn't remember. I turned around on the couch. 

My boyfriend, Eric, stood there with two of his friends, Marcus and Adam. From where they were standing, they could see the TV, and could see enough of my legs and shoulders to tell I was naked, probably. It was very clear, I assumed, what I had been doing moments before. 

"Oh fuck, I'm sorry, babe. I forgot to grab my wallet and they wanted to tag along. Fuck, I'm so sorry," my boyfriend looked so embarrassed, it was cute, but I was also aware of how naked I was on the couch. I knew both these friends somewhat, we'd both hung out a few times, but we'd only been dating a year and living together for two months, so there hadn't been that many chances to see them, really. 

I was also very aware of the porn still playing in front of us; a girl bouncing on a cock while the others seated around jacked themselves. I looked at the remote on the table in front of me. I couldn't lean forward without them seeing my chest. I weighed the decision quickly in my head. Let them see the fact that I was totally naked, or leave some porn on? They were guys, they'd seen porn a million times before, I figured, so I left it playing. This would end up being a huge mistake if my goal was modesty. They ended up seeing a lot more than my breasts that day. 

Eric left the two of them standing there and went looking for his wallet, saying he'd just be a moment. Marcus closed the door behind them, with them still on this side of it. Him and Adam looked at the TV. 

"Hey hold on one second... What are you watching?" 

I was a little surprised; it was obvious enough, right? "Porn?" I replied to Marcus. 

"No, what kind? I think I've seen this before." 

"Ummm, I don't know. I just had it on." 

"Read me the title." 

"It's, umm," I couldn't read the title without pausing it, and that meant getting the remote. I decided pausing it might be a good idea anyways, considering how interested Marcus was getting. I leaned forward, covering my ample chest with one arm, and paused it. I read him the title, "Girlfriend Gets Passed Around." 

"What were you thinking about when you were watching it?" 

My boyfriend finally chimed in, returning from our bedroom, "Come on man lets leave her alone, this is kinda fucked." 

"Ashley, are you uncomfortable?" Marcus asked. 

"No, I'm... It's not a big deal, I'm alright," I replied, and found that I was. Tension I didn't know I was holding relaxed in my shoulders. 

"See, dude, she's fine. We all gotta get off now and again, nothing to be ashamed about! Right Ash?" 

"Right!" I replied, brightly, but inwardly still unsure about all this. 

Marcus had moved to gesture to me and look at Eric, and in the process could now see my entire naked body. I crossed my legs, covering my pussy as best I could, but very aware of the visible wetness on my thighs from my previous enthusiasms. 

Eric looked uncomfortable, and grew even more so as Marcus turned and gestured to me. 

"Look man, there's nothing to be embarrassed about! Your girl is hot! Look at those breasts. Come on Ash, take that arm away and show your boyfriend we're all friends here and there's nothing to be ashamed of." 

I looked at Eric, who still looked stressed, and back to Marcus, "Sure, it's no big deal, right baby?" I said, still looking at Marcus, who smiled back at me. I took my arm away and let my D cup breasts free. 

"Damn. Adam come check this out." 

Adam, who had been by the door still, silent, moved around to where Marcus was. Both the guys were now between me and Eric. I looked at Eric and saw that he'd noticed as well, of course. 

"Uhh, nice breasts, Ashley," Adam said, a little awkwardly, trying to figure out what was going on here, "She's really hot, Eric." 

"Why don't you stand up, Ash, and let us get the full view? Would that be alright?" Marcus said, clearly looking at me and asking me, and not Eric. 

Things were starting to get out of hand, I realized. If I did this, it would likely go further. I would likely want it to go further, if I was being honest with myself. That video had gotten me really fucking horny, and the idea of exploring this with Eric really turned me on. Eric seemed uncomfortable, but maybe that was only because he wasn't sure I was into it? I thought about it. Maybe what I needed to do was show Eric that I was okay with this all. 

"Babe," I looked at Eric, "I'm okay with your friends seeing me like this. If it's okay with you." 

Eric swallowed and looked at me intently, then nodded. 

I stood up off the couch and took a couple steps closer to the guys. 

"Wow. Damn," Adam said. Marcus just nodded and grinned. 

"That pussy shaved clean, Ash?" Marcus asked. I was surprised at his bluntness, but hearing him talk about 'that pussy' like that kinda turned me on. I felt my nervousness being further replaced with heat between my legs. "Show us that shaved pussy, Ash, spread those legs for me." 

"Okay," Eric piped up behind them, "This has gone on enough. I have my wallet, let's get going." 

I expected Marcus to try to calm him down again, but Adam surprised me by walking up to me, saying, "No man, I think we're fine right here. Do you want us to leave, Ashley?" 

I looked at him. Then over his shoulder at Eric. I felt so conflicted. I loved Eric, but I wanted to let go and just have this experience with all of us together, just like the video. It would be so dirty, so intense. Eric could tell them what to do to me and they'd all take turns with me. Why couldn't he see how great it would be? 

"Babe," I said to Eric, my face a mix of shame and hope and pleading, "please let them stay." 

My boyfriend looked at me. Gulped. Adjusted a visibly growing erection, slightly. 

"Okay. We'll all stay here." 

Adam and Marcus smiled at me, and Marcus gestured for me to spread my legs. I did. I sat back on the coffee table and spread my pussy for the two men, and my boyfriend. 

Marcus stepped up and ran a hand along my thigh. Adam looked over his shoulder at Eric, and then stepped up as well and asked if he could touch my breasts. I told him it was okay, and jumped slightly at his touch on my nipple. 

"Fuck, I love thick thighs," Marcus said, under his breath, "Hey Eric, your girl suck?" 

"I, uhhhhhh," Eric hesitated, "yeah she does. Swallows too," and I could hear him stop himself short at that last part, wishing he hadn't said it. 

I looked at the bulge in Marcus' pants, and knew that I wanted that cock in my mouth. I still wanted this to be like the video, though, still wanted Eric's full approval to be his pass-around girl for his friends. 

"Eric, babe," I said, while reaching out and rubbing Marcus' dick through his jeans, "Tell me to suck his cock. Tell me to be a slut. Please." 

Eric looked totally taken aback by my words, and looked at me like some kind of alien creature. I'd never talked that way with him before, but I wanted him to know I was serious. 

"Ash, I don- I don't think I can stop you, if you want to do it," he shrugged, "just... do it." 

"No, babe, no. I want you to be okay with this. I want to hear you say it. Tell me what to do." 

Eric took a breath, and, for me, that moment was a full hour. Finally, he looked at me, something new in his face, and said it, abit with less gusto than I would have liked: 

"Suck his cock, Ashley. But then they're leaving." 

The second part of that sentence was drowned out slightly by the unzipping of pants and sounds of approval from the men. The two of them pulled their already hard cocks out, and Marcus stepped up to me, seated on the table. 

I took his, rather large, cock in my mouth immediately and started sucking while I worked it with both hands. 

"Damn, she's into this!" 

Adam stepped up and I moved one hand to jack him, then moved my mouth over to him and licked the precum off the tip slowly, making eye contact, before diving onto it. 

"Oh fuck, she's good." 

I alternated between the two until Marcus told me he was about to cum. I moved to take his cock in my mouth and swallow, but he grabbed my hair and held me back. 

"Nah, I gotta unload on that sweet face you keep looking up at me with," and with that, he took his cock in his hand and shot five long ropes of cum across my face and into my hair. It dripped down my cheeks and chin, onto my breasts, as I panted with the heat of it all. 

Marcus stepped back to admire his work, and I looked around him to see Eric, seated on the couch, on his phone, trying to not look at us. I felt ashamed, but also frustrated. Why wasn't he into this the way I was? 

Marcus stepped out of his pants, his cock still dripping cum slightly onto the floor, and helped me up by the hand. He turned to face Eric and pulled me against him from behind, his hands warm on my hips, his softened cock against the small of my back. 

"Eric, buddy." 

Eric looked up from his phone and saw me, face covered in his friend's cum. I knew he had probably been looking during some of it, but this was the first time he'd had a good look. 

"Eric," Marcus continued, a little out of breath, "I'm sorry but I'm going to fuck your girl. Okay? I'm sorry that that's how it is, but that's how it is. We're going to fuck your girl. You can join, or hang out, or whatever, but Adam and I are going to fuck your girl, unless she suddenly feels otherwise," he looked down at me. 

"Babe," I said, "I want this. Please." 

At this point, I didn't care if Eric wanted to be involved or not. It was his loss. I knew what I wanted and I was going to let it happen. Marcus and Adam began stripping behind me. 

Eric sighed, then stood up, and began to strip as well. Finally, I thought. 

Soon a hand grabbed my wrist, and I was led by Adam, who still had not cum, to the couch, where he sat down in front of me on it, and I knelt. I felt Marcus behind me, spreading my pussy and licking my ass cheeks. I had no idea where Eric was and didn't really think about it. I took Adam in my mouth. 

Soon, my head bobbing up and down was too much for Adam, and he pulled back and shot a load onto my face along with the other one still drying there. 

He got up, and Eric took his place in front of me on the couch. 

"Suck it," was all he said to me. I did, as Marcus picked up the pace with his licking. 

After a few moments, Marcus stopped and I could hear him repositioning. I knew what was coming next. I felt the cock at my hole, felt it slide into me. I gasped around Eric's dick and pulled back from it. Good thing, too. Marcus began fucking me with so much intensity I couldn't even hope to blow Eric. Eric himself jacked off, watching his friend fuck his girlfriend from behind. I looked up at him, but couldn't get any words out between Marcus' thrusting. 

"Ugh- Bab- I- Ohhhhh- Fuck!" I threw my head back and let out a moan. 

Seeing that must have been too much for him, and Eric's cock exploded hot cum on my face. The third load of the day. I smiled up at him as best I could while being fucked, glad he was getting into it now. 

Adam, who I had never taken for a dirty kind of person, positioned himself in front of me again as Eric moved over. 

"I gotta get hard again so I can take a shot at that pussy," Adam said, looking at Eric for some reason, "Can you tell her to eat my ass, bro?" 

I was shocked. Never would have guessed Adam would be into that, or would ask my boyfriend to tell me to do it. Eric looked at me, questioningly. Marcus slowed down his thrusts, apparently also a little surprised. 

"I'm okay with it," I said. 

Eric nodded, some shock still on his face, "Do it." 

Adam leaned back on the couch and pulled his legs up so I could eat his asshole from below. I'd never done this before, but, I figured, there's a first time for everything. I licked around his asshole and then plunged my tongue inside. Adam moaned a little, and I felt him start to jack off above me. 

"Eric, do you have a condom?" That was Marcus, grunting behind me, "I'm trying not to nut in her but it's rough, man, she's making it real rough." 

Eric looked up, not realizing Marcus had been fucking me raw, I guess, and said something about having them in our room. He got up and left. 

Almost immediately, Marcus thrust all the way inside me and held there. I felt his cock begin to pulse against the walls of my pussy. 

"Oh fuck," he grunted, "whoops." 

I felt him shoot his load into me bare, and felt it's warmth spread through my pussy and drip down as he pulled out. I came. Just from that, really. The idea that he'd sent my boyfriend off for condoms and then cum in my unprotected cunt was so wrong, and so fucking hot. My head dropped to the couch and I lay there for a moment, quivering, with his cum leaking out of my spasming pussy. 

Head still down, I felt Adam get up place his cock at my entrance and begin pushing it with ease, the cum and my wetness being more than enough lube. He worked up a good rhythm and spanked my ass a few times, really getting into it. 

"Oh fuck, you like this, huh? She likes me fucking another dude's cum into her." 

I did. It was hot. I heard Eric come back in, sigh, and drop the condoms on the floor. 

"You assholes." 

"Yeah, I'm thinking that's next," Adam replied, between thrusts. He pulled out, wiped a finger along my pussy, and spread the fluids around my asshole. He positioned himself above me and pressed his cock in. I gritted my teeth. I'd done anal before, but it'd been a while. We normally saved it for special occasions. 

Adam fucked my ass harder than I'd ever had before. It was all I could do to hold onto the couch in front of me. 

"Fuck, she's got a tight ass." 

I slid off the couch and put my head on the floor, while he crouched over my ass and fucked me from above, sometimes leaning down to grab my tits as they bounced back and forth. 

"Harder, fuck me harder, please, God, yes," I had never begged to be fucked like that before, I realized, but this whole situation was something I'd never done before. 

It continued for a good couple minutes like that before he shoot a load into my ass. He pulled out and I felt it leak out and down along my pussy. 

I felt hands lift me up, firmly. I opened eyes I didn't know I had closed. Eric was helping me up. He led me to the wall, where he pushed me up against it and entered my ass from behind, pushing Adam's cum back in. 

"Fuck if I'm not gonna get a shot at your ass too, tonight." 

"Oooohhhhh fuck yes, babe, fuck my ass, I want it. I'm your slut. Your pass-around girl. Just like I wanted." 

Eric said nothing, but starting thrusting upward and pressing me against the wall. I pressed my hands against it and let him set the pace, slow and deep. I came again, listening to him grunt in my ear as he methodically pounded my asshole with his, I had to admit, nicely shaped cock. He reached up and grabbed a breast, hard, and then came in my asshole with a grunt. He pulled out and I slumped to the floor, exhausted. 

I closed my eyes for a moment, and then heard the doorbell ring, the door open, and voices outside in the hall. I opened my eyes and saw two guys and a girl enter the apartment. My eyes widened when I got a better look at them. They were three more of our mutual friends. Adam had let them in, and Eric was looking at him questioningly. They hadn't noticed me yet, on the floor by the kitchen. 

"Eric, Ashley, I texted them like twenty minutes ago. The four of us got drunk a while back and we all agreed about wanting to get a shot with Ashley. You good with it?" 

The three newcomers saw me, and the woman, her name was Erin, put her hand to her mouth and gasped. The men looked amazed. They, who had hung out with me before, had probably never in their wildest dreams imagined seeing me like this; cum smeared on my face and chest, multiple loads leaking out of my ass and pussy onto the floor, big tits red from being grabbed and pinched, ass red from slaps. 

"You weren't kidding, Adam. I didn't believe the video, to be honest." 

I looked at Eric. He looked at me. I nodded, a smile growing on my cum covered face. 

"Okay babe, looks like it's time for round two."