 The view from windshield was spectacular. The brilliant colors splashed across the sky presenting a picture that was almost as beautiful as the lady beside him. The reds, blues and oranges hues colored her body making it appear as if she was a painting that should be hanging in an art gallery. 

As the car devoured the road in front of us I thought about the men that had devoured her pussy. I could see her swollen lips from our adventures of earlier in the day and watched as her breast heaved up and down with each breath she took. She looked totally amazing sleeping, laying back in her car seat completely naked giving a view to the truckers that passed by us.

The funny thing is that today had happened totally by accident. We had started the day heading out for a day of hiking the trails and maybe taking a dip in the cool stream that pools up at the base of the small waterfall about two miles down the trail. That was where we met the group of young men that had worn her out.

We were hiking down the trail this morning and since we had not seen anyone along the way, Mary decided to take her top off and give her shoulders a break from the bra that holds up her 38DDD's. As she freed her tits and let them swing in the breeze I was reminded of how beautiful and sexy she is. I teased her by pinching her nipples and grabbing her ass telling her that since she had taken off her top she should take of her bottoms too.

"Oh you want me to be naked so that everyone we come across can see me in all my glory" she stated.

"Of course I do." I replied. "I think ever warm blooded male around would want to see your sexiness."

She laughed and quickly stepped out of her shorts and handed them to me to put in my back pack. What I haven't told you yet is that Mary is a bit of an exhibitionist. She loves to show off her naked body to any and all that want to see it. When we first met I was both attracted to her openness and also a bit jealous that she would let others see what she had said was mine. Needless to say over the years I became more of a show it all as I saw the reaction her showing off had on my dick. And as usual when she was standing there naked my dick rose up to express its interest in her nakedness. The only thing that she wore was her sandals to protect her feet. I thought she looked amazing.

As we continued down the path I was drawn to her shapely ass wiggling and failed to notice the group of young men in their swim suits as we entered the clearing where the waterfall was. She stopped in front of me causing me to look up and see the five young men staring at her in awe. She just smiled at them and struck a pose so that they could enjoy the view. 

It only took a moment before they began to cheer her encouraging her to get into more erotic poses. When she bent over and placed her head between her legs as she spread her cheeks and lips wide open they began to clap and cheer even louder. She stood up and turned around and thanked them for their applause as she took a bow. We walked over to them and began to talk to them. They could not keep their eyes off of Mary. And I couldn't blame them. She did look amazing.

They introduced themselves as Tom, Jack, Chris, Jeffrey and Philip. Mary did not attempt to cover up as they stood there gawking at her. It made me proud that she was so willing to show off her body.

After spending several minutes talking to them Mary said that she was thirsty and asked them if they had anything to drink. Tom offered her a cold beer but Mary said that she preferred water. Tom handed her a ice cold bottle and as she took the bottle to her lips a drop of water fell on her breast running down across her now erect nipple. We all watched as it lingered there a moment as if giving it a kiss before falling to the ground.

They invited us to join them in the water and relaxing on the surrounding rocks. Mary looked over at me for confirmation that it was ok before telling them yes. That brought another round of cheers from the group. They all dived into the water and found a rock to lounge on. I thought it was funny how each of them was trying to vie for Mary's attention. 

Mary looked from one to the other smiling and told them that since she was naked that she would only go sit with them if they were naked. I had never seen five young men get undressed so fast. Mary watched as they stripped their swim suits and teased them by playing with her nipples. She declared that Jack had gotten his trunks off first so that she would go sit with him first.

It appeared to me that Chris was first but since it was her game so I let her set the rules. I noticed that Jack seem to have the smallest dick around the same size as me at about 4 inches. I watched as she made her way through the water. When she got to where Jack was seated she reached out and let him help her up on the rock as well as get a good look at her tits and her nicely trimmed pussy. I knew it was nicely trimmed because I was the one that had done it the previous evening.

I managed to find a place along the shoreline to be able to sit and enjoy the show. Little did I know how much of a show I would get. A little background on us, my name is Clint and I am 56 years old. Mary my wife is 54 and works out daily and is in excellent shape. Especially after she had the lipotuck recently. They went in and removed some excess skin and tightened up areas that she had problems with since the birth of our last child. This was her first outing since recovery and I knew that since the young guys had always found her attractive, with her body freshen up she felt especially sexy. And this was an opportunity that was made just for her.

She was proud to show off her new flat stomach and her once again perky tits. I thought she looked spectacular and the sexiness that she exuded kept my dick hard most of the time I was around her. Today was no exception. And watching her flirt with the guys had me harder than I had been in a while. And while we had not planned on this we had been discussing the possibility of her being naked in front of several other men and what could possibly happen if that were to occur. She knew how much it turned me on to show her off and how much I wanted to see her suck another dick and maybe even fuck another man. These thoughts kept running through my mind as she was whispering and giggling with Jack. 

Suddenly she slid down off the rock and made her way over to Chris. He reached out his hand to help her up on the rock but she slipped a little and he wound up with her tit in his hand. She laughed and reached out and climbed up beside Chris. I could see that he was bigger that Jack but not much although he was somewhat thicker. He was rock hard and I could see Mary eyeing his cock. Although I wasn't sure I had a feeling I knew where this was going to end up. 

I knew that before Mary got married she was known as a Cocksucker. This was one of her favorite things to do and she had swallowed more cocks than I really knew. Every time she would tell me one of the stories of her sucking off one of her "boyfriends" it would immediately get me hard and make me want to fuck her. I was fortunate to have received the results of all of that practice for the past 26 years. She was amazing with her mouth on my dick. I wondered if she was actually going to sit nude with those young men and not want to get a taste of their cocks. I waited in anticipation.

Although they were all talking to Mary she did manage to carry on a conversation with Chris. They were asking her questions about how old she was and how long she liked going around naked. She answered their questions even though they gradually turned more explicit. She looked over at me several times to make sure I was okay and she could continue to let the situation go further. I nodded in full agreement and watched as she whispered something into Chris's ear and ran her hand down his thigh. She gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and then slid off and moved over to the rock that Tom was on.

Tom seemed to be more mature than the others and the one that was usually the leader. He appeared to have more self confidence than the others and I eagerly watched in anticipation of what he was going to do. He slid into the water as she approached and helped her onto the rock. His gentlemanly gesture not only helped her get onto the rock more easily it also gave him a much better view of her pussy. As he climbed up on the rock behind her his face was almost buried in her ass. I could tell that he liked what he saw but being the gentleman he did not attempt to lick or touch her.

When the other guys started hollering out questions again he turned to them and told them that she was visiting with him and that they would get their turn but for now she was with him. I noticed that his particular phrasing could be taken in a couple of ways. And from my perspective it appeared that he just let them know that she was his possession for now. Mary giggled at his statement and said, "It's ok boys. There's enough of me to go around."

I couldn't hear what they were talking about but I could tell that he had Mary's undivided attention. The other guys were watching what was going on between the two of them and after a few minutes began to ask questions of me.

Jack: Does it bother you that your wife is naked in front of all of us guys?

Me: No I find it intriguing and get turned on when she shows other men her assets.

Jeffrey: Have you done this often?

Me: If you mean go for walks through the woods with her naked then yes.

Chris: Has she ever fucked another man?

Me: Yes she has fucked other men but not since we met.

Chris: So you are ok with being naked in front of others?

Me: Yes.

As the questions got more explicit they guys got bolder with their questions and statements including when Jeffrey said that he would like to fuck her. They all seemed surprised when I said that if that were to happen it would be up to her but they were to be respectful or they would have to deal with me. That I was not going to let anything bad happen to my wife.

It was at that moment that I heard a splash and saw that Mary had gotten back into the water and was headed over to Jeffrey.

"So you want to fuck this old woman? What makes you think you are good enough to fuck me?"

She laughed when Jeffrey stood up and grabbed his dick and told her that his 8 inches had never failed to make a woman cum. 

"Just cause they told you that they came didn't mean that they did. You young bucks wouldn't know if a real woman came as long as you got your jollies. It takes a woman with some experience to show you how to properly fuck a woman."

"And you think you can show us what you think we don't know? Maybe we could show you a thing or two."

"Jeffrey if you think you could teach me something maybe I will stick around long enough to learn something."

With that she climbed up on to the rock and began to talk with him quietly. I could feel the sexual tension building and knew that something was going to happen but I wasn't quite sure exactly what.

I noticed that Philip hadn't said much but that he had been watching her the whole time. I notice that even semi-hard his cock was at least 8 inches and extremely thick. I thought that Mary was probably going to him last because she wanted to finish looking at his dick last. I glanced back over to Mary and saw her watching Jeffrey slowly stroking his cock. I knew that she always liked watching men jack off. That was one of the things she liked to watch me do. I watched her reach down and grab his hand, whisper in his ear and give him a quick kiss before sliding back into the water and heading over to Phillip.

Philip helped her up on the rock beside him and she gave him a kiss on the cheek. He helped her get comfortable beside him and slipped his arm around her shoulder. She snuggled closer to him and pulled his hand down onto her breast. She pulled her knees up to her chest so that her pussy was on full display. I could see that she was extremely wet and not just from the water. I knew then that she wanted to fuck them all. And I wanted to see it. It was something I had dreamed about and something that she had talked about but had never pursued. But every since she had her surgery she was definitely more open to the idea. I think her new body gave her more of a sexual confidence, than she had previously had.

I watched the two of them acting as if they were all alone. I watched as he caressed her face and when she turned to face him. I marveled at the tenderness of their first kiss and the passion that grew as their tongues reached out to dance with each other. I watched as she only stayed with him a couple of minutes before sliding off the rock and heading over to me.

When she reached me she kissed me with the ferocity of unbridled desire. She whispered in my ear how much she loved me and how turned on she was. She said that this was the one opportunity for her to fulfill my fantasy of seeing her fuck and suck other men. And she wanted to do that not only for me but also it was a desire that was burning deep inside her. She said that there was something about this group that told her that this was the chance for her to get fucked by a variety of dicks and have her pussy eaten by multiple men while I watched. And that once it was over that she would show me how much she appreciated giving her this opportunity. I said nothing but pulled the blanket out of my back pack and spread it on the ground. She was all giddy and waved the boys over.

I explained to them that she wanted to suck and fuck them all and wanted them to eat her pussy too. I told them that they must treat her with respect or that I would stop what was going on. I told them that this was about her using them for her pleasure and while they would enjoy it her pleasure is what they must keep in mind. They all agreed and she had them form a circle around her.

She started off by taking Jack into her mouth. She started sucking him and it didn't take but a moment before he was fucking her face. For the first time I got to see the glee and excitement in her face as she enjoyed her first new cock in over 24 years. I could tell that he wasn't going to last long and I knew from experience that she wouldn't let him cum in her mouth. But I was wrong. She grabbed his ass and pulled him in close and as he exploded in her mouth she began to swallow as his load shot deep into her throat. 

Clearly this was a new turn of events as she had never done this before. She then stood up and gave him a passionate kiss letting him taste the fruits of her efforts. She then told him that it was his turn to eat her pussy while she started on Chris. Jack didn't hesitate to bury his face between her legs as she began to display her talents on Chris. Chris took less time than Jack to cum and after she swallowed his load she ground her pussy into Jack's face until he managed to get the right combination of tongue movements to give her, her first orgasm.

As she laid there capturing her breath she motioned for Chris to get between her legs and eat her and called Tom over. She pulled Tom down to her face and whispered something into his ear and then gave him a long passionate kiss. Tom then stood up and she took his engorged member into her mouth and began to lick an suck it with an eagerness that I hadn't seen in a long time.

Chris apparently hadn't had much experience eating pussy as she had to keep stopping to reposition his face on her cunt and telling him how and where to lick. After several frustrating minutes he seemed to be getting the hang of it and had her bumping and grinding on his face as she swallowed Tom's cock with the expertise of a long time cocksucker. I was proud of her talents watching her enjoy Tom's hard 7 inch cock. Her tongue was licking up and down the shaft as her hands played with his balls. She stroked him while sucking his head eliciting a groan from him as his body tensed up and I could see the pulsation of his cock as he emptied his load into her mouth. She began to swallow but there was such a big load that it started dripping from her mouth.

Chris still had not made her cum and Tom pushed him out of the way and dived into her hot wet snatch. He apparently had some experience in eating pussy because it only took a few moments before she began to scream and her body began to tremble violently as she had her second orgasm. 

Tom stood up and said to the others, "That boys is how it's done."

Mary couldn't stop shaking, like little aftershocks following a major earthquake. After a couple of moments she finally was able to compose herself and told Jeffrey to bring his 8 inch cock over so that she could enjoy it and show him what a good cock sucker she was. 

He rushed over and stood beside her as she sat up and slid her lips across the head of his cock. Her tongue licked the drop of precum that was perched at the top of his cock head. When it jerked slightly she dropped her mouth on it in one swift movement reaching around and pulling him in by his ass. She took him all the way in and I watched her deep throat someone for the first time. It was an amazing site. She grabbed his balls and began to lick and suck on them as she pumped his shaft. He was pumping hard and fucking her face as the two of them were working hard to make him cum. She was using every trick she knew on his cock and enjoying every moment of it. He too seemed to enjoy her ministration on his swollen cock. I was enjoying the show when I saw the change of his posture and watched as he grabbed her head and forced his cock down her throat as he exploded causing her to gag and pull off. He was still shooting and covered her face with cum before she took him in her mouth and finished him off.

She then got up and stepped into the stream and washed off her face and chest. She returned to her rock and laid back telling Jeffrey it was his turn to pleasure her. He laughed and said that he didn't eat pussy. She told him that if he didn't then he wouldn't get to fuck her. And that she would be the best fuck of his life. Jeffrey paused for a moment before slipping in between her legs and tentatively began to explore her folds with his tongue. She guided him to the spots she wanted him to lick and the ones she wanted sucked. Although he first seemed slightly repulsed by it within moments he was devouring her sweet pussy like a starving man sitting down to a banquet. His new found eagerness seemed to make up for a lack of experience and he soon had her writhing in ecstasy as she reached her third orgasm of the day. She was still shaking from her orgasm when he spread her legs and slid his recovered 8 inch member into her pulsing slit. After having already come once you would think that his second time would last much longer but the throbbing and pulsing of her freshly eaten delight brought him over the edge in just a matter of minutes. She slid into the water and freshened up once again and then laid back on the rock she had just gotten fucked on.

As she recovered from her orgasm she motioned for Philip to come over to her. Of all the guys he was the one that was built most like me. And he also had the biggest dick. I could see the sparkle in her eyes and knew why she had saved him for last. She whispered into his ear and he nodded a few times. She grabbed his semi hard cock and stroked it a few times before taking him into her mouth. The view before me suddenly seemed to be in slow motion. I watched as she licked and sucked the bulbous head of his cock as she stroked his shaft. She would take him deep into her mouth swallowing as much of his monstrous cock as she could possibly fit. I watched as his cock grew even thicker and longer as she showed off her talents.

I looked at the other guys and saw that they were watching as intently as I was only they were stroking their cocks in anticipation of being able to fuck her. It was all I could do to not do the same thing but I knew that she would want my full load last. 
