 The evening was a bit on the cool side, I thought, as I drove towards the pub where I would meet Marc and Bev. Sliding down the windows a bit, I let the cool air refresh me as I worked my way through the go-home traffic of Portland.

I was in town, on business, and on a whim, I had done some searching on a swinger's web-site that I used from time to time, looking for Portland ads. When we were married, my ex and I had used the site with great success over the course of a few years. It wasn't always the case, I'm sure, but we'd never had a bad encounter with people that we met on the site.

Marc and Bev's ad caught my attention, mostly because of the photo of Bev, but also because of the wording used in the ad. It stated their ages, etc., but it was well-written, indicating that this was a couple that one could talk with, after the sex was over; it's not always the case, conversational abilities seemingly becoming a lost art.

Their ad stated that they were a bi-sexual couple, looking for bi-friendly guys to join them in their bed. I suppose one could say that I was bi-friendly, having had bi-guys in bed with my ex and I, on occasion, and discovering that, in the throes of threesomes and group sex, I didn't object to having my cock sucked by another guy; I didn't object to sucking another guy's cock, either, I also found out, after that first time with my ex. I can still remember the look of glee in her eyes, that first time, as she watched me suck our sex-partner's dick, after he had fucked her. She loved it, and I found that it wasn't so bad, after all.

I answered Marc and Bev's ad, exchanged some emails and pics, and finally, talked with them both on the phone a couple of times before I flew into Portland for my business trip. They knew that my experience had been strictly oral with other guys, and they were good with that. The chemistry, over the phone at least, seemed to be good and we agreed to meet at the pub, a non-committal meeting for us both; it there were bad vibes and we decided not to jump into bed, it'd be okay, no harm, no foul.

