 PRELUDE

"You should do it Rob. You will have a great time. I know how much you like the outdoors," my girlfriend Peggy said.

"I don't know Peg. It's for two months and I don't want to be away that long," I replied.

"Listen, I am going to be gone for six weeks with my girlfriends so we would be apart anyway. My brother is looking forward to this project and he needs a partner. You will be perfect," Peggy stated.

"Peggy, I know Trevor needs me but are you sure that he can't get someone else?" I asked.

"He can get someone else but I recommended you. Trevor is only 18 years old and he could use some guidance. Besides you have done those Outward Bound type things and you are a perfect partner for him. Please!" Peggy pleaded.

I paused, thinking about it and then Peggy set the hook. "If you do it I let you fuck me in the ass," she added with a giggle. 

"You always let me fuck you in the ass. You love it in the ass," I replied laughingly and then I accepted, "Okay I'll do it but I'll need to pick up some supplies."

"No you won't, Trevor has everything that you will both need," Peggy affirmed.

"Where is Trevor I need to set up some logistics with him?" I asked.

"He's in my room. He has been in there waiting for your decision," Peggy revealed and then said, "I'll get him."

Peggy left the living room and went to her bedroom leaving me to think about what I had just agreed to. I would be camping with Trevor and several other young men as we worked clearing trails around the boundary waters. The group was called Pathfinders and they cleared hiking trails and portage areas in the boundary water area in northern Minnesota. For six weeks we would be in canoes and tents as volunteers for the state. 

Trevor and Peggy entered the living room and Trevor was beaming. He came up to me and threw his arms around me hugging me and thanking me for agreeing to work with him. I put my arms around Trevor and it was much like hugging Peggy. Trevor was 5'8" tall and weighed about 150 pounds. He had a slim fit body with blonde hair that he kept long but neat. He resembled a California surfer type. 

After a quick hug, Trevor and I briefly discussed the logistics and then he was off. He hugged his sister good-bye and left the apartment. I looked at Peggy and then smiled. She knew it was time to collect on her promise so she dashed into her bedroom. She had her clothes off in record time and she was kneeling on the bed with her curvy ass in the air. I stripped off my clothes and located the lubricant. Then I got in bed behind her and prepared her ass for a royal screwing.

INTRODUCTION

Peggy and I had been dating for two years since meeting in college. It was the summer after our junior year and we both had plans for the summer. Peggy was traveling to Europe with five of her girlfriends and now I was going to working with the Pathfinders in Minnesota.

Peggy was a very pretty strawberry blonde who stood at 5'6" and weighed about 115 pounds. She had a shapely 34-22-35 figure and she looked better naked than with clothes on. Peggy was a great sex partner and she excelled in oral sex. She also had let me take her anal virginity and she had become a fan of anal sex. I loved fucking her in her curvy ass and watching my stiff rod slide in and out.

I was in good shape and I knew that two months living outdoors would keep me fit all summer. I stood at 6"2" and weighed 195 pounds. I had brown hair blues eyes and a chiseled body. Peggy loved to run her hands over my body and play with my 8" cock. She loved to stroke my cock more than any girl I had ever dated. One day she had me very hard and she broke out the sewing tape measure. She measured my cock at just over 5" around.

Trevor had just graduated from high school. He had volunteered to work with the Pathfinders that summer as he liked the outdoors. Trevor had been accepted to a college in northern Minnesota which is why he wanted to learn more about the Pathfinders. I had never spent much time with Trevor and I really didn't know him very well. By the end of two months I would know him better than I would have ever imagined.

MEETING THE PATHFINDERS

I drove Trevor and myself to the outfitters where the Pathfinders were to meet and get set up with food and gear. I was introduced to the two leaders Sam and Jack. They were both in their early thirties and had been running the project for the past five years. Sam and Jack were two rugged looking guys who worked as outfitters during the year. There were six other young men all at least 18 years of age. Some were in college and some were working for outfitters in the area. Their names were; Steven, Cory, Bruce, Adam, Mitch and Ryan.

We filled out the paperwork and picked up out gear, food and canoes. We stayed in a barracks like building the first night and then we would head out in the morning. Sam reviewed the areas we would be clearing and the places where we would set up camp. We would never be at one camp sire more than three consecutive nights. I marked all the locations on our map and noted the compass settings in the event we ever got separated. 

After the briefing we grabbed a bite to eat in town and then returned to the barracks. The showers and toilets were in a separate building so if you had to take a leak at night you had to walk about thirty yards to the other building. It was about 11:00 PM when Mother Nature called and I had to pee. I got up and walked barefoot to the bathroom passing another barracks along the way. I had assumed that the other barracks was empty since we were they only ones staying over night but then I heard some voices. Then I heard them again and it sounded more like groans and moans.

I peeked in the window of the other building but I couldn't see anything. Still I had some more groans. I then decided to check out the inside so I quietly opened the door. The moans and groans were louder now and they were coming from the other end of the barracks. My curiosity got the better of me so I moved quietly toward the moans. As I neared the other end of the barracks I saw some figures in the dark.

I inched closer and closer until I could make out the figures. Cory one of the volunteers was kneeling on one of the cots with his head over the end. Cory was completely naked and he had his mouth full of Sam's impressive cock. Behind Cory knelt Jack and it was obvious that he was fucking Cory in the ass. I had never seen anything like it. I had been in threesomes at frat parties but I had never witnessed gay sex. Peggy and I never had a threesome and I had never thought about it. As Sam and Jack fucked Cory's mouth and ass they talked to him.

"Cory I am so glad that you decided to come on this trip again. I just love your sensuous mouth," Sam said.

"Me too, Cory I love your hot ass," Jack chimed in.

I stood frozen in the dark and forgot all about taking a pee as I watched the threesome. Apparently Cory had been on this trip before and he was back for more. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness I could make out the images better. Sam and Jack were no slouches in the cock department and they both looked bigger than me. I was amazed that Cory could take Jack's cock in his ass. Then I noticed that Cory was also hard and he was jerking his cock as he was fucked. 

I didn't have to stay there and watch them until they all came. I figured that Cory would end up with a belly and rectum full of cum and that he would jerk off allover the mattress. I moved as quietly as I could away from the threesome undetected as they were preoccupied. I could still hear the voice of Sam and Jack telling Cory how hot he was and I could hear Cory's moans and groans. After leaving the building I went to the bathroom to pee and then I returned to my own barracks.

I got back in my bunk and laid there thinking about what I had just witnessed. I sensed that Jack and Sam would have their way with Cory the whole two months. As I was thinking about the threesome, Cory returned to the barracks and got in his bunk. I had trouble sleeping that night as I kept thinking about the two rugged leaders fucking Cory smaller frame. I had never thought about sex with a guy before but I wondered if two months without Peggy would change that thinking.

DAY ONE IN THE WILDERNESS

The next morning I woke up with an erection which I was embarrassed about and I hop none of the others noticed. However I caught a glimpse of Trevor's eye and he gave me a wry smile. I was convinced that he saw my morning hard-on. Everyone went to the showers in the morning and it was like being in the gym with group showers. I noticed Cory when he came in to shower and with his back to me I could not help but look at his ass. He had a nice slender frame on him and he had a very good looking ass for a guy. I shivered thinking that he had taken Jack's massive cock in his ass the night before.

I looked away Cory before I was caught staring at his ass and when I did my eyes scanned Trevor's body. At first I thought I was looking at Peggy from behind. Trevor had his back to me as he soaped his body and I took in his curves. He really looked like a girl from the back with his long blonde hair covering the nape of his neck. His waist was narrow, his legs were shapely like a girl's and he had a very curvy ass. When he turned around to rinse off I saw his cock and that brought me back to reality. He saw me staring at him and he gave me that wry smile again. I smiled back and then finished my shower.

We all at breakfast and then headed down to the launch area. When we got there the dumpster was turned on end. Jack said a bear did it which was a staunch reminder that we were in the wilderness. One by one we launched our canoes loaded with food, gear and two people. Trevor and I were in the same canoe. Jack and Sam were in the lead canoe and we all followed them to our first camp site. Once at the camp site we set up out tents, stowed our gear and freeze-dried food in the tents and after lunch we took off for the first portage to be cleared.

It was a 30 minute canoe paddle to the site and the first portage was a big project as it was over a hundred yards long. The trail was cluttered with deadfall and debris and it took then ten of us five hours to clear it out. Then it was another 30 minute canoe paddle back to our camp site. Everyone was tired but still hungry. Sam and Jack took the first shift preparing dinner. Adam and Cory had clean up detail that evening although we all pitched in. The cool thing about the freeze dried food packaging was that it could be burned. We didn't have to carry our garbage out of the wilderness.

After dinner we sat around the campfire and chatted getting to know more about each other. Sam, Jack and I drank coffee and they had brought something to put in it. The others stuck with hot chocolate or water. Then we turned in early as Sam announced that we had a long paddle the next day. We would be going to a camp site where we would set up for the next four days. All of us retired to our tents. Sam and Jack were in one tent, Cory and Adam in another, Steven and Bruce were together as where Mitch and Ryan. Trevor and I went to our tent and when he opened the sleeping bag I realized he had brought the double bag instead of one for each of us.

"Trevor what the hell this is a double bag. I thought you were going to bring two bags," I said obviously annoyed.

"This bag is as easy to carry as a single bag so I thought I would save some space," Trevor said and then added, "It's plenty big."

"I know that. Peggy and I always use a double bag when we camp but I thought we would each have our own," I replied.

"Most of the other guys have double bags too. There easier to manage than two single bags. Sam and Jack are the only ones with single bags," he explained.

"Well it's too late to do anything about it now. I should have checked the gear before we left the outfitter," I said resolving myself to the situation. 

At least the double bag had two zippers so one did not have to crawl over the other person to get up. Trevor and I stripped down to our shorts and tee shirts and crawled in the sleeping bag. We both fell asleep quickly but within two hours I had to get up and pee. I was mad at myself for having drunk the spiked coffee since I knew I was in for a piss calls that night. I sprayed my body lightly with repellent and then I made my way into the woods and peed quickly as to minimize the mosquito assault. I hurried back to the tent and as I did I saw Cory and Adam coming out of Sam's and Jack's tent. I stopped so they didn't see me and waited until they were in their tent. I then went over to their tent and stood outside quietly and listened to their conversation. I don't know why but I hoped that I would hear them talking about anything that happened in the other tent. Their voices were a whisper and I could not make out who was speaking. 

"God those guys are hung!"

"I told you they were."

My ass feels like a fire hose was shoved in to it. Those guys really shot big loads in my ass."

"Mine too."

"I'm so fucking horny now I need to get off."

"Me too, let's do each other at the same time."

"Turn around so I can suck you while you suck me."

Then the voices stopped and I assumed that the two 19 year old boys were in a 69 position sucking each other's cock. I then returned to my tent and along the way I realized that my cock was hard. I had gotten a woody just from listening to those two boys talking about Sam and Jack. I tried to visualize what it must have looked like. I pictured Cory and Adam on all fours with their cute curvy butts in the air. Then Jack and Sam descended on them with their big dicks and fucked the daylights out of the two boys. My visualization did nothing to help my condition as my cock was now throbbing. I got back in the tent and crawled into the sleeping bag. I turned my back to Trevor who was still asleep and I eventually dozed off.

That night I had one of the wildest dreams I could ever remember. I was with Peggy and we were having sex. She was on all fours like she had been so many times as I fucked her in the ass. She turned her head to look back at me and smiled but it wasn't her face. It was Cory's face and I was fucking him in the ass. Then the face changed to Adam's and then to Trevor's. The images became blurred and it was hard to distinguish who I was fucking. The faces kept changing of the person I was fucking. My cock was rock hard and I was ready to bust a nut but I couldn't seem to cum.

Then I woke up abruptly startling myself. It took a few seconds but then I realized that I was cuddled up with Trevor in a spoon position. My arm was draped over his body and my morning erection was pressed into his buttocks. I quickly removed my arm and moved away from him. He turned toward me and smiled.

"Sorry about that, I was dreaming that I was with Peggy," I stammered an apology.

"That's okay, I liked it. I could feel your big cock pressing into me. My sister is lucky," he replied calmly.

All of a sudden I felt insecure with this 18 year old boy. I had a sense that Trevor was advanced sexually beyond his years. I had no evidence to support that he was bi-sexual or gay but I was sure it was one of the two. I got out of the sleeping bag and Trevor's eyes went right to my crotch confirming my suspicion. Then I looked down and saw that my pecker had pushed out through the opening and stood erect. I turned beet red and made my way out of the tent to take my morning piss. As I peed in the woods I thought that it was only one night and I was already as horny as a three pecker billy goat. I would be with Trevor for two months and I wondered if he made advances would I resist him.

A BUSY WEEK AND SOME REVELATIONS

After breakfast we packed up our gear, loaded the canoes and took off for our next destination. It was a three hour paddle to the camp site and we took our time, drank plenty of water and rested along the way. Once we arrived we unloaded the canoes and set up camp. Once the tents were set up we had lunch and then it was time for canoe rescue drills. 

I had been through canoe rescue drills before so I helped Sam and Jack with the demonstration and training of the others. After the drills we stripped off our wet clothes and hung them up to dry. Everyone seemed to be more comfortable with our nudity then I was. I had been naked with a group of guys plenty of times but now I was conscious of the few gays in our group and it was unnerving. More unnerving to me was that I was checking out the naked asses on Cory and Adam and thinking about them getting fucked. Of all the naked asses though, Trevor had the nicest and it looked just like his sister's except that it seemed even curvier than Peggy's.

We all got dressed and sat around in a circle as Sam and Jack explained the plans for the next four days. We would not do anything else that day but tomorrow we were to break into three groups. Adam was to go with Trevor and me to one site. Mitch, Ryan, Bruce and Steven would work at another site. Cory would be with Jack and Sam at the third site. We were to bring food with us for lunch as we could expect to be there all day. I could already picture Cory on all fours with a Sam's and Jack's cocks in his ass and mouth.

After the briefing we went about gathering firewood and preparing the fire pit. Once the camp fire was going it was Mitch and Ryan who prepared dinner that evening with Trevor and I assigned to clean up. However, like we did after every meal, everyone helped with the cleanup. Trevor and I washed the pots and pans, rinsed them and let them air dry before putting them away. This evening we all turned in early as we were tired and had a very full day tomorrow.

The next morning we were all up early and I was thankful that I didn't have a repeat performance of cuddling with Trevor. We ate quickly and loaded the canoes in preparation for our day. It was great that we didn't have to break down the camp this time. We got in our canoe and using the map and compass I guided the three of us to the site as if I had been there before. Trevor was in the front of the canoe with Adam in the middle and me in rear steering and paddling. As we paddled I studied the two boys in front of me and wondered if I could ever bring my self to fucking a guy. 

After arriving at the site we beached our canoe and unloaded our tools and food. Then we went about clearing the portage trail which proved to be a difficult task. The trail was hilly and very steep at some points. We worked hard up to about 1:00 PM and then broke for lunch. We returned to the canoe area and ate lunch. After lunch Trevor said he had to relieve himself and I watched as he grabbed some leaves high off a tree and headed into the woods. As soon as Trevor was out of sight Adam said he had to go too. I remained behind for a few minutes and then decided that I might as well try and go also.

I had no intention of going to the same area that either Trevor or Adam had gone but as it turned out I ended up close to them. I heard them whispering as I neared where they were and then I saw them together. I peeked through the bushes almost as if I was hoping to see them do something sexual. I vaguely made out Adam dropping to his knees in front of Trevor and I felt the urgency to move closer.

I quietly found a good position to observe the two boys and I watched as Adam took Trevor's cock in his mouth. Adam had his shorts down and I could see that his cock was hard. The two boys had more average size cocks although it seemed that Trevor was a tad larger. It didn't take Trevor long to cum and he warned Adam beforehand. Adam took Trevor's cock from his mouth and jerked it off. I watched as Trevor ejaculated and shot robes of semen past Adam into the woods. Adam continued to stroke Trevor's cock until Trevor stopped cumming. Then Adam licked his finger clean and stood up.
