 Moments before Will had summarily scooted Sarah's quivering frame off the bed and back to the floor, right as he was on the verge of untapping the most powerful dose of sexual adrenaline the married woman had ever known, Renee had reached over and touched Patricia on the arm. The two friends shared a brief but enlightening stare as the sounds of Sarah's debilitating orgasm shattered the silence in the room. 

Somewhere deeply hidden behind the veil of Patricia's glassy eyes, Renee began to sense what was happening between her Boss and Will. 

Watching with everyone else in the room as Will shooed Sarah away from the bed, and the way the spent woman wobbled across the floor on her jellified legs, Renee couldn't help but feel the chilling heat of intense arousal and over-riding guilt that bled from Patricia's pores. 

"She brought him up here... to hook up with Tamara... maybe... and this... just got out of control," Renee privately waded through her confusion, grasping for some straw of clarity as her own inner coals crackled with warmth. 

Even though Renee's mind continued its attempt to fully grasp the gravity of what Patricia had initiated, something primal inside of her clicked the instant Patricia began to stand up so she could approach the bed and allow Will to collect on his successful bet. 

"NO," Renee blurted out, closing her fingers around Patricia's upper arm, preventing the taller woman from standing up. 

Watching the strange interplay unfold between the two still clothed women, Will lazily brushed the sweat off his brow with his left forearm at the same time he crudely massaged his still bulging girth with his right hand, patiently waiting for Patricia to undress and approach the bed. 

Will's eyes narrowed when he saw Patricia drift back into her seat, in concession to whatever Renee had suggested. An instant later however, Will's eyes shot open when the voluptuous blonde stepped away from her friend and eased closer to the foot of the bed. His hawkish gaze intensified even further when he saw Renee slip her fingers around the snap of her tight black, formfitting slacks. 

Rolling his eyes with a mixture of frustration and delight, Will's cock pulsed fiercely in his hand as Renee inched the waistband of her pants down over her well proportioned hips. As bad as he wanted to fuck the exquisitely built blonde that was in the process of disrobing in the center of the room, Will cautiously waited for Renee to take the lead, knowing his reservoir of sexual willpower had sorely been tested already by Tamara and Sarah. 

"Got to take this one slow," he privately surmised before casting a quick peek at his original target, Patricia, who was once again squirming in her seat as she looked on. 

"Screw the bet with that Wench," a cool voice chided inside of Will's head. "She's played hard to get for the last two years... this one taking her clothes off right now... and she looks like she knows how to make a man real happy. "

Still, Will couldn't bring himself to giving up on a bet when it came to his sexual prowess so easily. 

"You're gonna make Renee cum just like you made the other two... and then you're really gonna enjoy it when Patricia has to finally get her ass off that seat and up here on the bed to let me empty my balls inside that gilded cunt of hers... right in front of all her fucking friends. "

Wrapping his grip tighter around his thick, protruding shaft, Will calmly jerked himself off as he watched Renee peel away layer after layer of her clothing. 

Squirming in her seat from a combination of lust and embarrassment, Patricia felt the fire that had been stoked inside her womb begin to spread to the rest of her body when she saw her co-worker's pale white legs come into view. 

"It's like watching dominos fall," Patricia thought to herself as she first gazed at Tamara's still naked body on the bed, then over to Sarah and the way her spastic older friend sat in the hotel chair with her skirt still hiked up to her thighs. Patricia's icy stare finally settled on Renee as she demurely stepped out of her slacks. 

"She's next... and then... and then... then me," Patricia distantly mouthed. 

At the same time Patricia was fidgeting uneasily in her seat, Will's eyes were magically brightening as he shifted forward to get a better look at Renee. 

"She's really gonna do this," he said to himself as he continued to prime the throbbing beast between his legs. 

Darting his eyes around the room to measure each of the three other women's reaction to their blonde friend hypnotic striptease, Will's manhood expanded even further when he saw the way they couldn't peel their eyes away from Renee's slowly unraveling nudity either. 

Watching Renee carefully step out of her pants, and in the process move ever closer to the bed, Will leaned forward and inhaled, sure that he could smell the lovely scent wafting free from her steaming fissure. 

Reclining backwards after inhaling a hearty dose of Renee's musky fragrance, Will tenderly fingered his cock as the blonde at the foot of the bed lifted her shirt up over her head. 

"Nice," he sighed admiringly as he watched Renee's abundant bosom spill free, restrained only by a pair lacy, peach colored bra cups. 

Down to only her bra and panties, Renee hesitated for just a moment, knowing the next step she took forward, she'd have a hard time backing away from. 

Fighting the constant urge to dip her fingers down to ward off the nagging itch buzzing inside her quim, Renee bit her lower lip as she gazed toward Will and the way he openly fondled himself watching her undress. 

Steeling herself to maintain eye contact with the man that had already sexually bulldozed two of her co-workers, Renee confidentially stared down at Will as she reached behind her back for the four snaps of her sheer, support bra. 

A guttural ,"ummmmm", vibrated through the room as everyone gathered saw Renee's unsheathed breasts come into full view. 

Renee felt her cheeks redden the moment her titties spilled free, not only from the heat of Will's penetrating gaze, but from the nearly inaudible gasps of admiration from the three assembled females surrounding her. 

Allowing her bra to flutter to the floor, Renee took one last exhaustive deep breath before guiding her thumbs into the elastic band of her matching, peach colored panties. 

Just before she was about to slip the last vestige of her clothing down to her feet, Will briskly jerked up from the mattress and extended his hands towards her as if to say, "stop for a second". 

"Let me," Will calmly whispered. 

Having resigned herself to undressing there in the room, right in front of Will and her three friends, a stunned and disjointed expression washed across Renee's face as the naked man sprang towards her. 

"Wha... ," Renee stammered before feeling Will's powerful hands close around hers, all four of their palms now tightly bracketing the lacy material covering her well rounded hips. 

"I want to take those off," Will mumbled before nuzzling his lips against Renee's bare stomach. 

"UUHH," Renee hiccupped when she felt Will's grip intensify over hers as they jointly began to ease her panties down her legs. 

The hair on the back of Will's neck stood straight up when he finally got his first unfettered look at the beautiful beast that had been concealed behind the moist fabric of Renee's underwear. 

"Damn what a body," He sighed before twisting his head to the side and planting a deep, soulful kiss directly on top of the swooning woman's swollen vagina. 

"MMM... MMM... AAHHH," Renee shuddered when she felt Will's mouth collide with her glistening slit. 

"MY GOD," she whimpered, digging her fingers into Will's closely cropped hair for support as her knees began to tremble against the bottom edge of the mattress. 

Rolling his tongue in and out of Renee's cunt until his tastebuds had been satiated with her unique essence, Will slowly pulled his face away from her crotch and tightened his grip around her thick waist. 

In one cat quick motion, Will rocked backwards, pulling Renee onto the bed until her naked body was resting on top of his. 

* * * * *

Internally frazzled from the libidinal roller coaster she had been on for the better part of the evening, Patricia simmered in her seat as Renee's body collapsed down on top of Will's. 

"Here we go again," She found herself muttering, feeling strongly out of place now that she was the only fully clothed person in the room. 

"You still have to fuck him," a voice deep within her smoldering psyche reminded. 

"Not if he doesn't have anything left after Renee finishes with him," Patricia thought, crackling a faint smile of confidence as she watched Renee's meaty legs straddle Will's midsection. 

Overwhelmed by the surreality of what was transpiring, Patricia worked her hands back down between her legs as Renee and Will began to kiss, fondle and explore each other's body on the bed. It soon dawned on Patricia as well that the couple's lovemaking would be slower, more tedious and sensuous than the carnal rampage Will had unleashed on Tamara and Sarah earlier in the evening. Whether it was Will's need to take a breather and regain his sexual footing or simply a desire to savor the moment with Renee and patiently partake of her ample sexual presence, Patricia couldn't help but shiver as she watched their bodies intertwine. 

* * * * *

Working her torso up until her crotch was straddled across Will's broad chest, Renee anxiously leaned down and kissed him fervently with her mouth at the same time her pussy breathed warmly against his pecs. 

Snaking their tongues rapidly in and out of each other's mouth, Renee and Will's frame's seemed to gracefully meld together until they appeared to become one thrashing entity. 

Reaching his arms around Renee kneeling mass, Will worked his fingers into the fleshy hearth of her asscheeks as they continued to French kiss. 

In the meantime, Tamara, Sarah and Patricia had each seemingly become paralysed by the sight of Will's rigid manhood bobbing rhythmically through the air as their blonde co-worker mashed her weight down on top of him. 

Working his fingers into Renee's greasy quim, Will rolled his fingers through her damp and tingling folds until she was forced to remove her mouth from his to breathe. 

Immediately closing his lips around Renee's left tit as soon as she gasp for air, Will sucked, licked and prodded each breasts as she roughly dug her fingernails into his scalp. 

"DAAMMNN," Renee moaned rutting her hips awkwardly as she tried to stimulate her exposed clitoris against Will's rippled abdominal muscles. 

Unhinging his supporting grip from Renee's rear, Will guided his hands up to her soft belly and pressed forward, causing a chilling sigh to vibrate from her lips as her spine folded backwards. Renee was helpless as gravity took over, until her shoulder blades came to rest on top of Will's outstretched calves. 

A nuclear flash then ignited behind Renee's clenched eyelids when Will's tongue penetrated her raised pussy. 

"UUMMMMM," she grunted out loud, squirming on top of Will's legs as she clumsily tried to reach for his twitching manhood. 

Once Renee was finally able to corral Will's girth snugly between her fingers, she frantically pumped it up and down as he dutifully lapped at the glossy sheen of her vaginal stew. 

"I can't handle her doing that for long without bustin' my nut," Will thought to himself, desperate not to waste his hard earned initial orgasm all over Renee's hand. "If I'm gonna cum... its gonna be inside of her... I could eat this pussy all night but I can't keep all this jizz boiling inside my balls much longer... I've got to fuck her right now!" 

A brief but definite groan of disappointment burped from Renee's mouth when she felt Will's soft lips pull free from her smoldering snatch. An instant later, the warmth of his large penis was torn from her hand as well, when Will scooted his body up into a seated position. 

With the lust crazed hunk now assuming a dominant pose above her, Renee reclined all the way back on the mattress and instinctually spread her thighs apart, knowing from the look in Will's dark eyes, and from the way his cock lurched like a rabid animal above her vagina, what he was about to do next. 

Once Will had slipped the messy and glistening head of his cock into Renee buzzing womb and their two bodies were officially joined, a strange dynamic began to take place. Slowly descending his manhood into Renee's well lubricated sheath, Will seemed to take special care in savoring every subtle movement and contortion Renee's body made underneath his. When he finally felt as if his penis was securly driven to the hilt inside her vagina, the two gracefully began to fuck each other back and forth as if they had become engrossed in a game of sexual chess, each trying to thrust and prod the other, searching out areas of greatest pleasure and vulnerability. 

Towering above Renee's prone frame, Will would expertly corkscrew his hips before pistoning downward until he saw the swooning woman's head sway deliriously to the side each time his buried cock hit home. 

Conversly, each time Renee felt as if Will was pushing her perilously close to release, she would tighten the grip of her legs around his back and thrust her own pelvis upwards, making it feel to Will as if his probing phallus was sliding in and out of a unflinching velvet glove. 

"UUHHH... AAAHH," the two moaned over and over into each other's ear, causing Tamara to nimbly hop off the side of the bed where she had been watching. 

Darting off the bed so Will and Renee could have the entire space to themselves, Tamara nakedly took a seat beside Patricia and joined her boss in looking on. 

The bed all to themselves now, Will and Renee were able to spread out as they continued to explore each other's ripe sexuality. Driving his pelvic bone like a graceful jackhammer repeatedly down on top of Renee's boiling quim, it felt just like spearing his virile manhood into a bowl of radiant honey each time he see-sawed it in and out of her puffy vaginal grip. 

Never breaking eye contact the whole time they were joined, they could see in each other's silent cues of pleasure that each was quickly sliding down the slope of impending sexual bliss. 

It was a fact not lost on the three onlookers either as the sound of the bed creaking painfully underneath Renee and Will mingled in a primal chorus with the fleshy percussion of their genitals crashing together until everyone watching seemed on the verge of stunned disbelief. 

"Holy Shit," Tamara exhaustedly exclaimed, summing up the feelings of the other two women watching in the room as she lazily rubbed her fingers through her just fucked pussy. 

* * * * *

"Goddamn... UMMM... SHIT... I'm about to cum," Will groaned to himself, knowing whether he tried to fuck Renee soft and slow or fast and hard, that holding back his rapidly building orgasm would soon be fruitless. 

As fate would have it however, the exact same thoughts were rippling through Renee's synapses as well. Having made the silent but implicit promise to Patricia to do what Tamara and Sarah couldn't, Renee fought with everything she had to keep from cumming under Will's blinding and persistent assault. 

Less than four feet from the intertwined pair on the bed, Patricia suddenly found her hand rapidly moving up and down between her pressing thighs, just like Sarah to her left and Tamara to her right as they aimlessly masturbating their already satiated genitals watching Will and Sarah burn like two sizzling fuses against each other. 

Every muscle inside the couple's sweaty bodies seemed to be working in mechanical unison as the three assembled women became increasingly mesmerized by the beautiful and violent display. 

"Oh God... I can't cum... right here... like this... fingering myself with my clothes still on," Patricia found herself thinking as she felt the initial twinges of her release building. 

________________________________

Pressing his knees to the inside of Renee's, Will essentially forced her thighs all the way apart as he rapidly plowed downward, giving him free and unfettered access to the untouched reaches of the howling woman's syrupy depths. 

"She can't take much more of this," Will confidently surmised even though the lust boiling inside his own balls was on the verge of a catastrophic eruption as well. 

Just when he thought he had Renee submissively under his pounding will, she lurched her crotch upwards and dug her heels, like two fleshy cattle prods into his side. 

"Yeah... Yeah... Yeah... fuck me come on... fuck me you Sonofabitch," Renee snarled, sounding as if Tamara's salty tongue had found its way into her mouth. 

Sensing Will's temporary moment of weakness, Renee cinched her flared vaginal muscles around his embedded cock. Grunting as she strained every muscle in her legs, arms, chest and stomach, Renee somehow lifted her back from the bed until she had raised herself up into a seated position, staring face to face with her briefly incapacitated lover. 

Cringing from the ungodly torque created by her sudden shift in position, Will shuddered as he knelt there, praying his cock wouldn't snap like a limb from Renee's vaginal friction and pressure. 

"AAHHH," Will moaned helplessly as Renee grabbed both his shoulders and pushed forward, causing the much bigger man to tumble backwards until he was flat on the bed with her body securly resting on top of his. 

"UURGGHH... UUUHHHHHAAAHHHH," Will grunted loudly as his cock bent backwards at an ungodly angle. 

Feeling the head of Will's penis stab into depths previously untouched inside of her, Renee carefully twisted her pelvis up and down, grinding her crotch against the blunt, penetrating slab of flesh until she felt completely and inexorably filled as a woman. 

"GGAAWWDDD," Renee and Will gasped out loud as the rhythmic pace of their fuck motions re-intensified. 

Her toes beginning to tingle noticeably as she watched Renee's ass churn up and down on top of Will's beefy manhood, Patricia blindly kicked off her tight leather ankle boots before scooting forward in her seat. 

"Just what are you getting ready to do?" a distant but concerned voice inside of her head questioned. 

"Putting an end to this," Patricia found herself answering out loud as she crawled closer to the foot of the bed. 

Tamara and Sarah's eyes widened in shock as they watched their boss press her hands against the bottom edge of the mattress and pull herself up onto the bed between Will's feet. 

The creamy white, heart shaped presence of Renee's grinding hips churned on and on as Patricia crawled up the length of the bed, her slitted eyes locked completely on Will's huge nutsack as it strained under the force of Renee's downward thrusts. 

Everyone in the room could sense from the way each of them thrashed uncontrollably, that either Will or Renee could cum at any moment. As the pace of their coital display intensified to unfathomable levels, Tamara and Sarah sat in stunned disbelief watching Patricia's face slowly disappear between the two lover's colliding genitals. 

* * * * *

"I've got her... I've almost got her," Will sighed proudly to himself, several moments after adjusting to the new position Renee had shifted their lovemaking into. 

"Alright... that was about all she could do... if she wants to be on top with me here flat on my back... FINE... my cock still buried all the way up inside of her... and her pussy is quivering like its being electrocuted every time she grinds down on top of me," Will noted as he looked up at the voluptuous blonde straddling his lap and the way her breasts and eye lids bounced recklessly each time his embedded phallus rammed unapologetically into her clenching inner depths. 
