 Jason, one of my former patients, was coming over at 4PM. Jason, a very sweet eighteen-year old, had spent two weeks in the hospital for an auto-immune disorder. After his 9th or 10th day in the hospital, when his recovery was secured and most of his strength had returned, I had begun to tease and flirt with him unmercifully. I've always had a thing for men and boys younger than I, so it wasn't long before teasing and flirting led to sucking and fucking. During the last week of Jason's hospitalization, for five straight mid-shifts, I coaxed at least two cum-loads a night from horny' teens perpetually hard cock. On his last night, as a going away gift, I lay flat on my tummy on his hospital bed, moaning like a slut, and let Jason repeatedly cram his thick cock up my tight, churning ass until he filled it with two frothy loads of burning teenaged jizz.

As I kissed him goodbye early the next morning (on the cheek since his parents and girlfriend were watching), I made Jason promise to keep in touch after he got out of the hospital. With proper training, I knew Jason was going to turn into an extraordinarily talented lover, and I intended on doing my part to further his education. 

True to his word, Jason called me a week after his release and asked if he could "see me sometime." During our brief conversation, Jason sheepishly mentioned how he'd bragged to a couple of his friends about the "sexy nurses" who had taken care of him in the hospital. He went on to complain about how they called him a liar and laughed at him for his "wild imagination." Chuckling knowingly to myself, I told Jason that he could drop by the next afternoon with his two friends. I went on to add that unless he had any objections, I'd make sure Amy and Beth (my two best friends, and the other "sexy nurses") would be there to help corroborate his story.

I knew it wouldn't take me much to get Amy and Beth to participate. The three of us had been best friends since we met in a nursing program in college six years earlier. Despite dissimilar upbringings and backgrounds we shared a love of one thing-sex. Before meeting Amy and then Beth, I had always thought that I was different from most girls; I wanted sex all the time—the more and the naughtier, the better. 

I met Amy at a party shortly after arriving at college. We hit it off right away and, after the party, ended up blowing her boyfriend until he blew his load all over my tits and then making out like crazy with each other back in her dorm room. Amy had never had sex with another woman before, but after I licked her to two shuddering orgasms she returned the favor willingly, eating my gooey pussy like she was a confirmed lesbian. The next time she and I hooked up, three nights later, her boyfriend was no where to be found. It was just two hot blondes with wet, itchy pussies and a black, ten-inch dildo that got put to very good use.

A few months later, I met Beth at the club I danced in. She was there with a man, Todd, who was well into his 40's, and who bought her lap dance after lap dance from me. I'd danced for women many times before, but Beth was much wilder. She was so totally into me; it was like we were the only two in the club. She moaned as I rubbed my tits against her big, braless jugs, and panted loudly when I rode her thigh with my thong covered cunt. We were both dripping with lust for each other for and her gentleman friend knew it. 

I left the club two hours early that night, pissing of the manager greatly, but Beth and Todd were worth it. At first, I thought Beth was not into men, because when we arrived at Todd's, she was immediately all over me. Todd avidly cheered her on as she kissed, licked, and sucked me to a powerful orgasm. When it was time for me to reciprocate, she whimpered like a little girl as I devoured her big tits and hot cunt. As she was in the throes of a screaming climax, Todd moved me aside and stuck his big, thick cock up her convulsing pussyhole. Beth wailed like a banshee and fucked him like his was the last cock on earth, proving that my first impression of her was wrong. She wasn't as dirty or as much of a talker as I was, but damn she was loud when she got fucked. 

Todd proved to be quite the stud that night. He took turns fucking us both for about half an hour before finally filling my slick, shaved pussy with sticky cum. He watched, engrossed, as Beth sucked every drop of his cock slime out of me before jumping back in and fucking us again. The second time, he unloaded in Beth's well-fucked cunt, and I eagerly ate her cummy pussy clean of Todd's gooey cock cream. Todd took special delight in the size difference between Beth and me--she's 5'10 and weighs about 140 pounds--and encouraged us to do wicked things to each other's bodies all night long. We happily complied with his wishes, and let him take turns plowing our tight pussies and willing asses until he finally conked out on us about 5 o'clock the next morning.

A week later, I introduced Amy to Beth, and the rest is history.

As planned, Beth and Amy arrived at my house in Beth's car around 1 PM. Carrying a bottle of wine and three glasses, I greeted by two best pals at the door. Within minutes we made way to my huge master bedroom suite where we took our time changing into the trampy outfits we had decided to wear for the afternoon. 

Cock teasing is one of our favorite activities, both at and away from work, and we each selected attire accordingly. Beth, who at 25 is a year older than both me and Amy, is a tall, shapely, top-heavy brunette with brown eyes, and grapefruit-sized tits. She had brought a tight pink halter crop top and a short, clingy cotton and Lycra white miniskirt to change into. Under her skirt and blouse, she wore bright blue boy shorts and no bra. 

Amy, like me, is a petite blonde; about a half inch taller than my 5'1, but about 2 pounds lighter. She decided to flaunt her tight little body in a red, halter crop-top that dipped low in front to show off her firm, medium-sized breasts, and a shamelessly short black leather skirt that fit her little rounded ass like it was painted on. Like Beth, she wore no bra and had finally decided against going pantyless in favor of a sheer leopard print thong.

As for me; well, I've always been the most flamboyant and daring of the three, and I wore a dark orange mesh top with pea-sized holes that clearly showed most of my firm, tanned tits. I also wore a miniscule black, frilly skirt that barley covered the lacy tops of my dark orange thigh highs. I completed my seductive outfit by pulling on a pair of skintight, bright-orange boy shorts that hugged my tight, shapely ass like a second skin, and left the lower portion of my ass-cheeks bare.

"Nice thigh highs, Kathy!" Beth remarked to me. "Where'd you find some that color?"

"Anything is possible via the wonder of the internet," I laughingly replied. "I have tons of these things. As a matter of fact, I have some red ones and pink ones that would look great on you and Amy—wanna see? Of course, they won't go all the way up those fucking long legs of yours, but they'll look pretty hot anyway—I bet the boys will love 'em!"

The three of us cackled and preened for each other as Beth and Amy slid on the proffered thigh highs, slipped into their high heels, and then joined me in the family room to await the arrival of Jason and his friends. 

"Open another bottle of vino, Baby." Amy asked me, her clear blue eyes sparkling as she thirstily emptied her second glass of wine. "I wanna be nice and ready to suck on some hot 18-year old cock!"

"Since when do you need wine to get you ready?" Beth teased. "Kathy's the one that becomes an uber-slut after a few drinks; you're a slut all the time!"

"Oh sure, pick on me." Amy retorted, "Kathy's the one who never gets enough, drunk or sober, and she's already given up that pussy and ass to Jason, I just flirted with him a bit in the hospital."

I laughed raucously at my friend's risqué banter and poured us all another glass from the just-opened bottle of wine. We passed the next couple of hours needling and kidding each other about past sexual escapades, and were well into our third bottle of wine when the doorbell rang at precisely 4 PM.

"Prompt, young fuckers, aren't they?" Slurred a thoroughly drunk Amy as she stood up and pushed down her tight skirt which had rode up high on her slender, shapely thighs, "I'm surprised they waited until now though, I'd have figured they'd bust their asses getting over here. If I were a boy, I couldn't wait to fuck me!"

"I told Jason, not a minute before four o'clock," I replied, laughing at Amy's comment, as I got up to get the door. "My nosey neighbor leaves at 3:45 to pick up her brats from school and I didn't want them getting here while that bitch was outside."

I stayed almost completely behind the door as I opened it, showing only my smiling face to the three boys standing on the front porch. As I swung the door open, Jason grinned broadly at me while his two friends nervously looked at him for some sign of what to do next.

"Don't just stand there! Come on in;" I invited teasingly, slurring my words a little due the wine I had helped Amy and Beth consume. "I promise I won't bite. Not yet anyway!"

Eagerly, yet bashfully, the three high-school seniors filed into the house, and I shut the door quickly behind them. As the boys turned to look at me, I delighted in their obvious, unabashed ogling of my intentionally slutty, boner-inducing outfit.

"Wow! Y-y-y-you look great, Kathy." Jason finally managed to stammer out as his two buddies nodded their heads in enthusiastic agreement. Orange is my favorite color!"

"Oh, really?" I countered with a raised eyebrow, "When you were in the hospital it was blue that was your favorite color! Never mind. Let's go into the family room and you can introduce your friends to me, Amy, and Beth."

I distinctly heard one of the boys swallow heavily as he came to the realization that Jason must have been speaking at least partially truthfully about me and the other nurses he had encountered in the hospital. I'm sure he was also widely imagining what events might transpire that afternoon between him, his two friends, and the three older nurses. 

Amy and Beth were both sitting on the large sofa, glasses of wine in hand, when I re-entered the family room with the three 18-year olds in tow. "Boys," I said with exaggerated formalness, this is Amy and this is Beth. They're my best friends in the whole world so you have to be very nice to them. If you are, they'll be very nice to you in return."

The implied promise in my words seemed to simultaneously fluster and excite the boys and they shuffled their feet and stammered a bit as they tried to introduce themselves, all the while ogling the short skirts, tight, colored tops, and coordinated thigh highs we three women were wearing.

Finally, Jason somehow managed to stutter, "T-t-t-his is Kevin and this is M-M-Martin. They're in my class and they wanted to meet you."

Beth, Amy, and I giggled a bit at the boys' obvious nervousness, but we could definitely see the lust in the eyes of the horny trio as they started longingly at us. 

"We're just having a bit of girl-talk and drinking some wine." I informed the frozen-in-place boys, "Can I get you something to help settle those nerves? Don't worry; I get a bit nervous too when I meet new people. I have beer if you want some, or you can have some of our wine. It'll make you feel a little more at ease."

Kevin and Martin looked inquiringly over at Jason; after all, he was the one who had met us while in the hospital, and they deferred to his lead. Feeling a little more assured and confident because of the sexy way we were dressed, Jason boldly declared, "I'll have a beer, Kathy."

Quickly, Martin and Kevin both chimed in with "me too," and the boys watched lustfully as I strode rapidly from the family room into the kitchen, wiggling my little ass much more than necessary as I went.. When I returned after just a few moments with a bucket containing several beers and another bottle of wine, the boys were still standing in the center of the room. Amy and Beth were sitting side by side on the couch, legs crossed, each slowly bouncing a high heel off of one foot, while sipping their wine.

"Sit down, guys!" I commanded as I handed each boy a beer and then sat the still half-full bucket on the coffee table. "Don't be so nervous! Like I said, we're not gonna bite or anything; let's just talk and get acquainted, shall we?"

Handing the opened bottle of wine to Beth, I sat on one the love seat perpendicular to the couch and watched with some amusement as Martin and Jason, quickly settled into the two recliners that I has positioned about five feet apart facing the couch. Kevin, who seemed to be the most unsettled of the three, was left with only two choices, sit next to Beth on one side of the couch, or sit next to me on the loveseat. He chose the loveseat.

"How are you feeling, now that you're out of the hospital, Jason?" Amy inquired with seemingly genuine interest. "No problems with fatigue or dizziness or anything, I hope."

Jason responded to Amy's question after taking a long pull from his beer, and soon the boys relaxed as we patiently asked them about sports, school, and their interests. Bit, by bit, we eased the boys' nervousness and I was pleased that the ice had finally been broken. By the boys' second and third beers, the three young men were enthusiastically engaged us in meaningless conversation as the alcohol loosened their tongues and chased away their initial shyness.

For thirty minutes or so, I let the conversation wander aimlessly to further relax the formerly skittish boys. I noticed, however, that every time I, or Beth, or Amy crossed or uncrossed our legs, or leaned forward, the boys, not to subtlety, started at our barely covered thighs or glanced down our cleavage in hopes of a glimpse of panty-clad pussy or bare tit.

Judging that things were now at the proper point, I waited for a lull in the conversation, and quietly asked. "So, Martin and Kevin; did Jason tell you how he fucked my brains out while he was in the hospital?"

Immediately all chatter ceased and a pall of embarrassed, yet anticipatory, sexual tension filled the air. Beth chortled at the stunned silence from the three boys. Beth and Amy were of course used to hearing me ask naughty questions out of the blue, but the three teens definitely were not. I heard a sharp intake of breath from Kevin, who was sitting next to me, and I was sure I saw his cock lurch in his pants as he absorbed my question.

"It's ok!" I soothingly proclaimed. "I don't mind that he told you. I bet you didn't believe him, did you? I bet you didn't believe him until just now, huh? Well he wasn't lying; he fucked my little ass off while he was my patient—about a dozen times in just five nights. I let him do all kinds of nasty things to me, didn't I, Jason?"

A bit taken aback my out-of –the-blue question and subsequent banter, Jason nonetheless, nodded his head proudly. "Yes, Kathy, you let me do all kinds of hot things."

Smirking just a bit, I turned to Kevin, rubbed a hand softly against his chest, and whispered loudly enough for all to hear: "Would you like me to let you do all kinds of hot things to me as well, Kevin? Would you like that? Would you like to fuck my tight pussy like Jason did? You want me to suck your cock and let you feed me hot cum?" 

Without waiting for a response from the dazed, excited boy, I leaned forward and began to kiss Kevin's trembling lips. Using my little pink tongue to pry his lips open, I began to tongue-kiss him eagerly while sliding my arms around his back and pulling him tight against my skimpily-clad body.

"Woo-hoo! Kathy!" Amy hollered drunkenly, her gorgeous face flushed from the multiple glasses of wine she had steadily consumed. "Give 'em that tongue. Kiss 'em good, Baby!"

The four other people watched for long moments as Kevin and I kissed passionately. Kevin finally put his own arms around me, and I moaned louder in encouragement when the trembling teen started to battle my tongue with his own inside his mouth.

Rising from her position besides Beth on the couch, Amy slithered over to Jason's recliner and smoothly settled her tight, little body onto the aroused teen's lap. Before he could utter a word, Amy's hot, moist lips found his, and Jason eagerly submitted to his former nurse's passionate kisses.

Crooking one slender finger, Beth beckoned to Martin and patted the cushion a few inches away from her. Obediently, Martin, with a painfully obvious, bulging erection, made his way to the couch where the tall, busty nurse awaited him.

Within seconds all three couples were all locked in tight embraces, kissing and softly panting into each other's open mouths. I love lots of kissing and foreplay, so I took the opportunity to softly kiss Kevin's lips, nose, chin and throat as I slowly melted onto his lap. Feeling him excitedly pump his hard cock up against my ass, I whispered softly as I tantalizingly swirled my tongue inside the boy's sensitive ear, "Be careful, Baby. Don't get too excited too fast; you'll cum in your pants if you keep that up."

Hearing a moan from the couch a few feet away, I looked over and saw that Martin, whom I suspected to be the most self-assured of the group, was already boldly squeezing and fondling Beth's oversized tits through her tight, pink top. I met Beth's lust-hooded eyes with my own and smiled broadly as I watched her getting felt up by the very eager teenager.

While still gently biting and licking Kevin's ear, making him tremble and groan in the process, I managed to also steal a glance at Amy and Jason. The amount of wine she had consumed had obviously heated Amy up faster than it had me and Beth and, as she hungrily kissed Jason, she slowly rubbed one hand against the bulge deforming the front of Jason's pants. With the other hand, she grasped one of Jason's hands and adroitly guided it under her short skirt to her waiting, wet, thong-covered pussy. Amy's low moan let me know that Jason had quickly found the target, and I watched for a few more seconds as Jason's hand slowly rubbed back and forth under Amy's tiny leather skirt.

Returning my full attention to Kevin, I re-attacked his hot lips with my pliant tongue, deftly driving it deep into the lucky boy's mouth. Kevin's hands had finally begun to wander and I snuggled further into his lap as his hot hands explored my mesh-covered titties.

"Look at 'em, Baby." I urged between hot, panting kisses, "You can see almost all of my tits through the holes in this top. Look at how hard you're making my nipples. Feel me up! Rub and squeeze my titties for me. Squeeze 'em hard for me."

I know my filthy mouth has a cock-hardening effect on even the most experienced men, and young Kevin was almost out of his mind listening to the nasty-talking little blonde squirming on his lap. Unconsciously, he began to once again thrust his crotch against me, urgently dry-fucking my firm little, wiggling ass, moaning in delight from the buzz of the sweet contact. 

Glancing down, I noticed that my skirt had become shoved up well over my slender hips, putting my pussy-packed orange boy shorts on full display, and Kevin was staring at my silky-covered cuntmound as he rubbed against me, becoming more and more aroused in the process. I was determined not to let Kevin cum before I even got his cock free from his pants, so I quickly slid out of his tight grasp and stood, panting, in front of the breathless teen. With a teasing leer covering my flushed face, I slowly unzipped the zipper on the side of my tiny, black skirt and let it fall to the floor in a frilly puddle around my feet. Wobbling slightly on my four-inch back heels, I lowered myself to straddle the high-schooler's lap, careful not to let my panty-clad pussy contact the throbbing bulge in his pants.
