 A brief silent interplay unfolded between Patricia and Will as the original object of his desire began to disrobe.

As hard as he had tried over the past two years to get Patricia out of her clothes, part of Will was positively giddy over the specter of her impending nudity. Another part of his sexually exhausted psyche however was not quite so ready for what Patricia had planned.

"I can't believe I let Renee make me cum," Will internally bemoaned, staring with a mixture of pride and frustration at the copious amounts of his milky white semen as it glistened like frothy glue around Renee's gaping vaginal lips.

Turning his gaze back to Patricia as she cast aside her shirt, Will fought hard to maintain eye contact with her, knowing what was in store after failing the challenge she had set forth.

"But the original agreement was just Tamara...not the other two," Will's pride tried coaxing, having difficulty coming to grips with what had ended up happening.

"You should have been able to dick down all three girls...no problem," he again chided himself as the fires of his lust began to ember back to life watching Patricia slide her pants down her legs.

As soon as he started to scan Patricia's emerging naked flesh, Will felt his greasy, half limp cock begin to re-inflate. Keeping his eyes glued on Patricia as she worked the rear clasp of her bra free, allowing her proud and firm titties to spill free, Will winced knowing no matter how hard his cock got, it would be of no use for what Patricia had planned for him.

"I don't even know why I went through the trouble of taking my bra off," Patricia wondered to herself, privately loving the way Will's cock seemed to fill with helium as he studied her well proportioned bosom.

Beading her eyes like two lasers on Will's face as she prepared to roll down her panties, Patricia took a great deal of pleasure in the childlike look of anticipation oozing from his pores.

Taking a fleeting look over each shoulder at her well fucked friends looking on, Patricia cast all three an impish smile before tuning her attention back to Will. With a great deal of satisfaction, Patricia then pulled her underwear all the way down before easing up on the bed, crawling past Will's revived cock, straddling his torso and then finally sitting down on top of his oddly contrite face.

The moment Patricia had waited for since the initial twisted idea had filtered into her head earlier in the evening finally came to fruition when she looked straight down into Will's eyes and saw the way his face was helplessly sandwiched between her warm and fleshy thighs.

Loving the way his handsome and masculine facial features looked engulfed by her steaming crotch, Patricia teasingly danced her glowing pink cunt back and forth against his trembling lips.

"Lick my pussy you fucking Asshole," Patricia internally spat as she scrubbed swath after swath of her liquid vaginal excitement across the five o'clock shadow adorning Will's cheeks and chin.

"GGAAWWDDD," Patricia lustfully whimpered when Will's tongue darted upwards into her smoldering sheath. 

"Shit that feels good," she murmured to herself, desperate not to cum so soon after mounting the beaten man's face.

Grinding her teeth together and turning her head to the side so she couldn't see the radiant sight of Will lapping at her cunt from below, all Patricia saw when she looked behind her was Will's erect cock, swaying proudly through the air as it rose majestically from his groin.

"SHIT," Patricia hissed loudly, fighting the primal urge coursing through her to reach behind and grab the straining girth of Will's inviting phallus between her fingers.

* * * * *

Every nerve ending in her body still tingling from the carnal romp she had just endured with Will, Renee watched as her friend Patricia took her place on top of the spent stud's face.

"You go, Patricia," Renee found herself whispering under her breath as she admired the way Patricia's bare white asscheeks swayed and shimmied on top of Will's chest.

Stealing a quick gaze over each shoulder at Tamara and Sarah flanking her, Renee jealously noted the post-orgasmic glow that highlighted each of her co-worker's sweaty faces.

"And Patricia wont be far behind either," Renee mewed, feeling the electrical jolts on unrequited need continually sizzle through her molten depths.

Watching Will's cock rise mightily back to life several feet in front of her, Renee rapidly twirled her right index finger through her steaming quim until the thought of being the only one in the room to go without an orgasm became too much to bear.

"If the Sonofabitch can get it up again that quickly...I might as well take advantage of it," Renee bristled, causing both Tamara and Sarah to freeze in their seats as she again nakedly approached the bed.

* * * * *

So enthralled in the act of grinding her sloppy cunt down on top of Will's churning mouth, Patricia didn't have the slightest clue Renee had eased out of her seat and made her way back onto the bed behind her.

Patricia's spine flinched when she felt Will's body spasm and jerk underneath her the moment Renee slipped her unfulfilled pussy back down on top of his raging erection. Biting her lower lip hard as Will thrashed below, Patricia steeled herself to plow forward, increasing the velocity of her pelvic thrusts until Will's entire mouth had disappeared inside her vagina.

Several moments passed as the two women on top of Will grinded him into the mattress. Straddling his head, completely unaware Renee was now perched, legs squatted across Will's waist behind her, it wasn't until Renee began to list back and forth that Patricia realized her friend was there.

"OHHH," Patricia moaned out loud, her goose pimpled flesh suddenly taking on the feel of fresh sandpaper when Renee's swinging bosom began to teasingly rock back and forth against her back at the same time Will relentlessly chewed at her pussy.

Feeling her own repressed lust beginning to boil to the top, Patricia looked down through her slitted and blurry eyes at the way Will beautifully lapped at her dripping arousal. Her head swimming in jumbled sexual confusion, Patricia blindly reached down to her left and clutched her hand around Renee's calf, in a desperate attempt to keep her balance as she and her friend tettered on top of Will's lurching frame.

"OHH...FUCK," Patricia barked to the ceiling as the sensation of Renee's jiggling breasts repeatedly collided against her back.

Every drop of sexual angst and primal adrenaline that had been building inside of Patricia since she had initially approached Will with her ill-fated idea over an hour earlier, now oozed from her pores like millions of microscopic flares as she finally submitted to orgasm.

Arching her upper torso backwards at the same time she shoved her crotch all the way down on top of Will's already stuffed mouth, Patricia languished deliriously in the explosive chasm of her release as Renee's erect nipples stabbed like two miniature fingers against her convulsing shoulder blades.

Feeling her boss' body rock backwards against hers at the same time Will's dick burrowed like a drill inside her womb, it felt as if Patricia's thundering orgasm had bled though her own skin and into Renee's, as if the long awaited release was an exquisite virus, waiting to be shared.

Jack hammering her crotch down of top of Will's quivering pubic mass, Renee selfishly indulged herself in a long deprived and much needed release.

"AAHHH...FUCKKKK," she cried out in unison with Patricia, their chorus of sexual delirium sending chills up the spine of their co-workers looking on.

Having two women simultaneously orgasming on top of him, Will had no choice but to cum as well. Feeling Renee's cunt twist and tear at his manhood at the same time Patricia's greasy dew splashed relentlessly against his soon to be sore cheeks, Will bucked upwards against the women's collective weight until all three were thrashing in a sadistically glorious, intertwined pile of flesh on the bed.

* * * * *

One by one, each of the exhausted shells of humanity on the bed gathered their breath and tried to slip free from the 3-sided coupling.

Grimacing as she raised her hips into the air, the wet and messy sound of Will's cock being released from Renee's pussy drifted through the room.

At the same time Renee was easing her body to the safety of the mattress below, Patricia was sliding her cunt off of Will's mouth, the whole time admiring the random number of her discarded pubic hairs that dotted the greasy sheen covering his cheeks.

Turning her head towards Renee when she had finally dismounted Will's mouth, Patricia took a good look at her naked friend and smiled.

"Damn...I think you broke the thing Renee," Patricia laughed as she studied Will's half limp and overwrought cock.

The instant Patricia turned her attention to Renee however, she could feel the vibe that had long been established between the two had changed somehow. The years worth of unspoken attraction between them had suddenly manifested itself in a heated, hypnotic stare that wasn't lost on anyone else in the room.

Keeping her legs spread unapologetically wide as she reclined beside Will's conquered face, Patricia continued to gaze deep into Renee's watering eyes , feeling her own blood simmer when she sensed her fellow employee visually absorbing her naked essence.


Rolling her tongue around her mouth as she contemplated a meal she had never partaken , Renee suddenly found herself easing up the length of the bed until her trembling lips were making a bee-line for the toasty opening of Patricia's vaginal flower.

* * * * *

A collective gasp of trepidation and shock gushed free from both Tamara and Sarah's mouth as they watched Renee's head disappear between Patricia's thighs.

Even though they had each shared in more sexual debauchery than either imagined they would every be pary to, to see the two women that they shared an office space with on a daily basis suddenly locked in a wanton embrace caused Tamara and Sarah to feel as if their hearts and rational minds had somehow been sucked into an ever expanding black hole.

Stealing a glance over to each other, Tamara and Sarah quickly bowed their eyes in shame, each knowing the aftermath of what was happening would have long and far reaching consequences.

The look in Will's startled eyes was equally as unsettling. Even though he had made love to more women than he could count, in a myriad of lecherous circumstances, he still couldn't recount ever having two women orgasm simultaneously on top of him and then fall into a passionate embrace with each other beside him as two of their female friends silently looked on.

Mesmerized, as any normal man would, by the sight of one woman going down on another directly beside him, Will would have been happy just laying there and witnessing the debaucherous display unfold as he lazily played with his balls after the second bone jarring orgasm in a row.

As content as he was to just rest there and watch Patricia and Renee's erotic coupling, Will was by nature a pleaser and when he scanned down the length of Renee's sideways body, he could feel his stomach growl for a taste of the sopping wet and glowing pink flower between her legs.

Before he could prop his weight up and ease closer to Renee's exposed pussy however, Will's already jilted sense of reality was thrown for another loop when he watched Tamara beat him to the punch. His eyes nearly exploded in their sockets when Tamara demurely pulled her petite body out of her chair and dropped to her knees at the foot of the bed. Inching her face forward, Tamara's mouth descended towards the exact same spot Will had moments earlier intended to place his.

* * * * *

For whatever reason Tamara was sparked to action, whether it was the normal arousal any healthy person would feel after witnessing such a graphic sexual act, or the long inhibited sense of vague attraction she had felt towards Renee ever since the first time they met, the only thing that was certain was that Tamara was bent down on her knees and her face was diving between her unsuspecting co-workers parted legs.

In the way perhaps that individuals are often sexually intrigued by members of another race, nationality, or physical makeup, Tamara lowered her mouth to Renee's puckered oval slit at the same time she was having to come to grips with the fact that she had always been fascinated, if not out rightly infatuated by what Renee had to offer.

Short of each being a female and having the same employer, Renee and Tamara had little else in common. Renee was a natural blonde with long, staright angelic hair. Tamara was a frizzy, curly haired brunette. Renee was tall and voluptuous, the essence of an Amazonian female. Tamara was barely 5 feet tall and had developed quite the Napoleonic complex growing up. Part of that would explain the huge and often overbearing personality that Tamara had developed, but even as her mouth was running a mile a minute at work or out on the town, Tamara privately admired Renee's ability to maintain a cool and calm demeanor when things got out of hand.

All the psychological mumbo-jumbo went out the window however when Tamara opened her quivering lips and grazed them against the greasy entrance of her friend's just fucked quim. In that moment, Tamara had been reduced to nothing more than a hungry slut who had gravitated towards the most delectable source of sustenance she could find.

* * * * *

"This is some crazy fucked up shit," Will mumbled to himself as he lowered his weight back down to the bed, unable to believe quite what he was seeing.

Continuing to openly fixate on the now three way feminine coupling playing out beside him, Will used his left hand to casually molest his sagging balls and semi hard cock at the same time his right hand gently massaged Renee's long blonde hair as she dove face first between Patricia's legs.

Content to play the role of a fondling fluffer for several glorious minutes, something suddenly shifted out of the corner of Will's eye.

"DAMN," Will grinned after turning his head to see Sarah, sitting all by herself on the sofa against the back wall of the hotel suite, her dress still hiked halfway up her thighs as she watched her three friends intertwine into one naked chain of flesh on the bed. 

"There's nowhere for her to go," Will noted as she continued to claw at the same pussy he had savagely reamed out earlier in the evening.

"You did say you wanted another crack at that pussy of hers," Will reminded himself. 

"I bet that ass of hers is pretty tight too," another more sinister and lascivious voice added, bringing his cock back to full, virile attention.

* * * * *

Never before had Sarah been so dumbstruck. Even as she eagerly dabbed her fingers through her rampantly burning snatch to the poignant image of her three office mates locked in a primal, Sapphic train, Sarah internally pondered how she'd ever be able to return to her old life the next day and face her husband and kids as if she still was the same faithful wife and righteous mother that she had been before she had boarded that plane to Tampa.

Her entire realm of attention held by the dueling entities of her friends' lustful display and her own uncertain future, Sarah had been completely unaware that Will had excused himself from the bed and was approaching silently to her right.

"UUHHH," the startled married woman gulped out loud, biting her tongue accidentally in the process when Will placed his warm hand on her shoulder.

Feeling as if she had been caught with her own hand in the proverbial cookie jar as she masturbated herself to the scene on the bed, Sarah froze on the spot as Will hungrily stared down at her.

Shrouded in Will's hulking shadow, Sarah tilted her gaze nervously to her right, and saw the way his bulging cock seemed to seethe directly at her seated eye level.

"He wants you to... suck it... while he watches the three girls eat each other out," Sarah assumed as she pulled her sticky right hand free from the moist and humid crevice between her legs. 

* * * * *

It turned out a blow job was the furthest thing from Will's mind. Even though his ravaged but re-hardened cock was throbbing invitingly in front of Sarah's hazy eyes, when she succumb to her natural instincts and tried to reach out to grab it, Will tightened the grip around it's base and pulled it away from the married woman's extended fingers.

Belittled and embarrassed at the way Will mockingly stared down at her quick willingness to caress his swaying manhood, Sarah was forced to sit there and wither as Will taunted her with it.

"Get up," Will calmly ordered, leaving Sarah paralyzed on the sofa, wondering what the naked stud looming above had in mind.

* * * * *

Re-coiling further on the sofa as Will closed in, Sarah nudged the hem of her skirt down as she closed her thighs together.

"You want to...fuck me...again,?" Sarah's eyes dazedly questioned.

"Not exactly," Will's eyes seemed to twinkle mysteriously in reply, as he reached down and snared Sarah's left leg.

Casting a quick gaze to his right to measure the progress of the three women squirming and grinding on the bed, Will tightened the grip of his hand around Sarah's ankle, rendering any sort of potential resistance futile.

Pulling the helpless woman towards him the same way a bear might with its own captured prey, Will looked down and loved the way Sarah's eyed widened with every inch closer her face got to the bulging muscle between his legs. 

"Get up and let me sit down," Will not so subtly implored, before helping the unwitting woman to her feet and taking a seat in the same warm spot she had just been resting.

"Now...turn around and get down on your knees," Will hissed up to Sarah, nudging one hand against her waist and the other against her left calf until she lowered herself into a kneeling position on the floor.

"Good," he cooed, enjoying the view of the bed that had been created when Sarah bent down, and the way the three women on it continued to savor each other's languid juices.

Guiding his hands to the bottom hem of Sarah's skirt, Will nonchalantly lifted it up so that her entire powder white ass danced like a full desert moon in front of him. Digging his fingers into the soft flesh of the married woman's behind, Will calmly pulled them apart to get his first look at her virgin anal cherry.

"UMMM," Will outwardly groaned his approval, causing Sarah's head to slump when she realized just what he had in mind.

"I...don't ...think...I ...never...have...don't...think I...can ...take it...that way," Sarah stammered, her voice cracking horribly as she felt Will's 10 fingers roam freely across her entire rear end.

Dabbing three of his fingers into Sarah's cunt for added lubrication, Will's arm tensed when he felt the ferocity of her clutching vaginal muscles around his probing advances.

Clamping the tip of his thumb tightly over the rim of Sarah's anus, Will held it there for several moments as if he were trying to hold back the onslaught of a just opened bottle of champagne.

"This isn't going to be easy...or pretty," Will prophetically muttered to himself, knowing the rushed act of taking the older woman's anal virginity would change her forever.

Determined to send her home, and back to her husband, with a memory of that night she'd never escape however, Will proceeded to lean forward and aim the head of his pulsing cock up against the thumb marking the entrance to Sarah's taunt rectum.

"MMMMM...NNNNNN...AAAHHHHHH," Sarah nayed her head like a horse in a stall, down on all fours as Will prepared to mount her.

Scrubbing his fingertips up the length of Sarah's naked back, Will clenched his left hand into the fluffy mass of brown hair adorning the back of Sarah's head to hold her in place as he positioned his penis against her tender back door.
