 The first part of this story is in the 'Loving Wives' section but as it upset all those readers either looking for vanilla romance or revenge stories I am posting part two here. If you are offended by husbands and wives enjoying sex with others then do not read this fictional story.

----------------

I woke in the early hours with the thin light of pre dawn just about illuminating the room. It took some seconds to orientate myself and to realise that the sleeping form next to me was not Sara but Ingar. I left the room to use the toilet and then wandered into the living room area where I found Sara dressed and staring out of the window. 

'Lets go,' she said.

We returned to our own room in silence and went to bed and slept. Later when we woke little was said. We both had hangovers and certainly I felt quite fragile. We ate breakfast in silence and deep in thought. I could not quite work out my reactions to the past two days' events. I had really enjoyed myself and had been very excited but there was the underlying doubt and guilt about what we had done. Gazing at Sara's face I wondered about her unfaithfulness and my unfaithfulness with Ingar. I knew that I loved Sara but now I was pondering whether she really loved me and was she questioning why I had encouraged her and how did she interpret it. I was unable find a way of raising these issues and sat there methodically sipping my coffee.

I imagined that similar thoughts were going through Sara's head as she was abnormally quiet and avoided eye contact with me.

We went for a walk outside the hotel complex in the surrounding wild scrubland and it was Sara who eventually raised the subject.

'We shouldn't do that again.' I remained quiet not knowing what to say.

'It's wrong and it will effect us.'

'How do you think?' I eventually answered.

'I couldn't bear to loose you and if you sleep around you will find someone else.'

'The same applies to you. I've only done it one night but you have done it twice,' I said defensively revealing my existing sense of guilt.

'Yes, but you encouraged me, you could have stopped it and none of them could replace you.' Her voice had a pleading quality to it which only heightened the sense that I had unleashed some awful genie which would not easily fit back into the bottle.

'We both enjoyed it. I did and you appeared to be lapping it up.' As the words came out I then only then realised the dreadful choice of words.

We fell silent again. She grasped my hand and we continued walking with Sara squeezing it every so often and occasionally giving me little kisses on my cheek. Suddenly she burst into tears.

'I don't know how to handle it. I love you and I don't want to loose you and I was jealous of you with Ingar and its all so dirty and wrong,' she said in a single gush.

I had to reassure her. 'I love you and nothing will take me apart from you. You're my wife and you are the most beautiful woman in the world. Ingar isn't the half of you. No one is.' I continued, 'We won't do it again and we will avoid Tage and Ingar and we'll treat this as just some aberrant holiday fling.' Sara looked relieved.

'It was hot though wasn't it,', she smiled playfully.

'Yes it was very hot and exciting.' I replied.

'So it might happen again, mighten it? Even if we didn't really want it to it might just happen? I mean if it was bad for us you would stop it wouldn't you?'

'I would always stop anything bad happening to you,' I quickly responded thinking about the possibilities which might open up. 

The rest of the day we spent away from the hotel so that we could avoid Tage and Ingar. Our time was taken up with typical mundane holiday activities. Some sight seeing, the odd drink in a bar and eating in restaurants. 

There had though been a change between us. It was if we were on our honeymoon again behaving like two new lovers who had just found each other. Sara would come up to me and hold my hand or put her arm around my waist and I would be doing the same. We would kiss whether there was an excuse or not reveling in each others company.

That night we both seemed to be extremely horny, kissing cuddling and making love or lying side by side stroking each other's bodies until sleep overtook us.

The next day we spent time around one of the pool areas chosen to avoid running into Tage and Ingar. It was uneventful except that we met up with Louise. 

Louise was a lot like Sara. She said that she was nineteen but her body was more delicate and her demeanour appeared to more like someone who was younger. It was Sara who had met her first when she had gone to get some ice cream. She and Louise returned together as Sara had offered to lend her some English magazines. The two of them chatted most of the afternoon about fashion, celebrities and whatever else women talk about with each other. I concentrated on my book with the occasional dip in the pool.

Back in the room in the evening Sara announced that she had agreed that we would go to a night club with Louise. Although Sara had not consulted me I was happy to go along with the plans. Sara got dressed but unlike the previous evening when she had chosen simple but sexy outfits tonight she was dressed to kill. She had a short red flared skirt with black nylons and high heels, bare midriff, and a skimpy black blouse without a bra underneath. She looked extremely sexy and the thought crossed my mind that I should rip her clothes off immediately and make love to her.

'A bit over the top?' I suggested.

'Don't you like me like this,' she replied and felt the front of my trousers. She could feel the lust building up in me.

'I love you like that but you could give people the wrong impression.'

Sara pouted and sulked for a moment or two.

'O.K. we'll call it off. I tell Louise that you don't want us to go and we will spend the evening here.'

'No it's not that we shouldn't go I just think that you should cover yourself up a bit more. The locals are probably more conservative than at home.'

'Well I'm not changing again. We either go with me like this or we don't go.'

We went.

We met up with Louise in the hotel lobby. I thought crossed my mind that there was some sort of conspiracy as Louise was very similarly dressed but although she had black stocking and high heels, she had a short white flared skirt and white skimpy blouse. I could not tell whether she was wearing a bra but I doubted it.

'Is anyone coming with you?' I asked Louise expecting a boyfriend to be with her.

'No silly, Louse is on the pull, that why we are going with her,' Sara revealed. Louise blushed and giggled and turned away from me as though she was embarrassed.

The night club was more like an open air beach bar with music. We found a table and when I returned with drinks I found that there were two lads already at the table chatting up the girls. I was initially a bit hostile to them but then Sara took me off to the dance floor.

'Don't be so stand offish with the boys. They there so that Louise can have some fun so give her a chance.'

Sara had a point and as the evening progressed we all chatted together. The lads turned out to be good company. Ilipe and Juan spoke English well and we found we had a lot in common. We all did a lot of dancing and the jugs of wine seemed never to empty no matter how much we drank. Everyone was having a good time. When I was not dancing I loved watching Sara. She was the prettiest woman in the club and whenever she did a twirl her little dress would flare up revealing the full extent of her long legs. I particularly like seeing her revealing the naked flesh between the top of her nylon hold-ups and her little black panties.

At some point I was dancing a slow number with Louise. Her arms were draped around my neck as much to maintain her balance as anything else. My arms were around her back and I could feel how vulnerable her elfin body felt. She smelt beautiful. It was not the fragrance of a perfume but there was a sweet human musky aroma which pervaded her presence. I took deep breathes trying to capture as much of it as I could luxuriating in its stimulating sensuality. I was gently running my hands up and down her back in time to the music and I could feel my cock trying to escape its confines. I had the impression that she was pushing her body into mine and holding me more tightly. I was sure she could feel the desire emanating from my crutch. I felt awkward and we soon returned to the table to refresh ourselves. 

Louise was sitting between Juan and me and I could not help but look down at her legs. Her skirt had ridden up and I could see the naked skin above her hold-up stockings. I found it strangely erotic. I had seen her earlier in the day in her bikini and she had far more flesh exposed then. In this context there was somehow a titillating promise of more. I thought that she had beautiful legs and at that moment I wanted to run my hand up her thighs. Juan was thinking the same and did place his hand on her leg. She brushed it aside and giggled and then turned to me and asked me to dance again.

We danced close together and found ourselves by Sara and Ilipe also dancing intimately. Sara was draped around Ilipe and he had his hands under her skirt massaging her ass cheeks. 

'Sara is doing well, I wouldn't mind some of that,' Louise whispered to me and then she uncurled herself from me and tapped Ilipe on the shoulder. Ilipe smiled and passed Sara to me and wrapped himself around Louise.

'God I'm so hot,' Sara said as she nuzzled into my shoulder, 'You seem be getting on well with Louise, you fancy her don't you?' She looked up at me and rather than reply I kissed her energetically.

'Lets leave and make love.'

'I'll go and check out Sara.'

After a brief chat with Louise, Sara returned.

'Ilipe and Juan have invited us back to their place and Louise wants to go and I did promise her that I wouldn't leave her by herself.' Resignedly I agreed and we all left.

Ilipe and Juan had a small flat outside the resort which backed out onto the beach. They put on some quiet and slow music and dancing began again. This time Louise was dancing with Juan and Sara with me.

Sara and I were both hot, we were not so much dancing as feeling each other up in a standing vertical position.

'Lets go somewhere more private,' I said.

'Soon lover,' Sara replied, 'but we have to wait for when Louise is ready. We can't leave her here by herself.'

We disentangled and Sara went across and talked to Louise. I was surprised when Sara then began dancing with Ilipe. Louise came across to me and said,

'Lets just stay a bit longer I'll make it worth your wile, pretty please?' She bent down and gave me a kiss and I could hardly refuse and be seen as a party pooper.

Louise then went and pulled Juan onto the dance floor. I watched them all dance and looked forward to Sara doing a twirl. But when I was rewarded I did not see that lovely gap between the stockings and her panties instead I saw that she had lost her panties and was completely exposed. I tried to think when she might have lost them and why. 

Juan was enfolded around Louise and had his hands up the back of her skirt. I could see that she too had beautiful legs now that Juan had raised her skirt and was massaging her with his hands inside her panties. He began to slowly lower them and Louise did not do anything to stop him.

Sara saw what was happening and came and kneeled in front of me.

'We should let Louise have her fun for a bit. Are you getting inpatient?' She placed her hand on my crutch and felt my erection underneath. 'I'll have to do something about that!'

She unzipped my trousers and released my cock and lowered her month over it whilst looking lovingly into my eyes. Sara has always given good blow jobs and this time was no exception. Her gentle tongue and lip caresses brought me to a full erection and I was beginning to enjoy it immensely. When Ilipe came and stood behind Sara I felt helpless with desire. I watched as with one hand he caressed under Sara's skirt and with the other unzipped his trousers and brought out his cock. He wasted no time in thrusting it into Sara's pussy. Her body was driven forward pushing her mouth further down my cock and I watched her eyes widen in either surprise or pleasure. Ilipe became vigorous, driving his cock in and out of Sara and she was responding clenching her mouth strongly around my cock. I could feel the vibrations of Sara's moans through my penis and realised that she was fast approaching an orgasm. Somehow we all came at about the same time but Sara was not able to swallow my sperm which spilt out on her face. Ilipe withdrew and moved off towards Louse and Juan. Sara climbed into my lap and began covering my face with small kisses.

'I love you so much, you are such a wonderful husband. I am so proud of you.'

She snuggled into me whilst I watched Ilipe help Juan take Louise's clothes off. It was a beautiful sight as Louise just stood there as if attended by servants disrobing her. They removed her clothing item by item, slowed down by their need to kiss and stoke each area of new exposed area of flesh. She did nothing to help them but reveled in the sensations she was clearly experiencing. Small shivers would rack her body and when she needed to lift her legs she had to get support from one or other of them. Eventually she was laid on the floor and she parted her legs and bent her knees. Ilipe was the first placing his head between her thighs securing his mouth to her pussy. Louise soon began to writhe and buck her hips whilst holding Ilipe's head to her. Ilipe disengaged and he was replaced by the now naked Juan and Louise eagerly guided Juan into her. Louise was enthusiastic and clamped her legs around Juan's back and shouting encouraging words. She reached out for Ilipe's cock and nibbled and sucked on it, trying to arouse it.

Watching Louise orgasm after orgasm was very arousing. After Juan ejaculated and withdrew it was apparent that Louise was still in a state of heightened excitement. Sara pulled me up by my penis and led me across the room with my trousers around my knees to Louise.

'Fuck her, you fancy her like hell, so do it.'

I didn't resist. I entered her and she raised her hips and matched me stroke by stoke. I noticed the difference in feel and smell between her and Sara. The indefinable difference was particularly electrifying. The novelty of intimacy with someone different exaggerated all the sensations my body was experiencing. Normally I would ejaculate fairly quickly but now I was in a continuous state of arousal and felt I could continue for ever with her slight body pushing up to mine with unexpected strength. 

Sara was now beside us, she had lost her blouse but still had her skirt around her hips and Ilipe was now fucking her again. He and I developed the same rhythm and I was able to alternate between looking at Sara's and Louise's faces. Louise had her eyes closed and was lost in her feelings but Sara had her eyes open and was looking and smiling at me. At some point she raised her hand and pulled my face to hers and kissed me before surrendering again to Ilipe's administrations.

Louise gripped me tightly and screamed as her final orgasm racked her body sending me over the edge with my eventual ejaculation. She and I then lay watching Sara and Ilipe reach their climax.

We men were spent, Juan was already sleeping and Ilipe had settled down in a chair and looked as if he was dozing off. I had difficulty in keeping my eyes open despite the spectacle next to me of Louise and Sara caressing each other.

I was unsure of what occurred after that. The events may have been real or dreams but at some stage I think I woke to the sound of Juan and Sara making out beside me. I know I kissed her and felt very warm towards her and returned to sleep. At another point I found myself on the verge of ejaculation and opened my eyes to see Louise bent over me and I was cumming in her mouth. Most of the time I was simply immersed in a sleepy sea of eroticism.

When I properly woke the next morning Sara was already awake looking into my eyes.

'Hey.'

'Hey, yourself.'

'That was something wasn't it.'

'I guess so. Are you all right with it?'

'I trust you and I believe you would have stopped it if you thought it wasn't ok. I think you quite fancy Louise.'

'You are the only woman for me.'

'Yes I know but isn't variety the spice of life?'

We kissed. it was not a passionate kiss with overtones of lust, it was a kiss of love and of confidence in each other. I knew with complete certainty that we would be together whatever and we were truly as one with each other.