 My girlfriend Pat and I have been dating for about three years. We enjoy a healthy sex life and every now and then, we bring one of her friends into the bedroom. Pat is 37 and I am 42. She is Indian, 5'9" athletic build and 38C breasts. I am white, 5'10" and average build.

Pat has a girl in her office who she became friends with a few months ago. Tina is 24 years old, blonde hair with a very nice body, and what I estimate to be 36C breasts. Pat and I have hung out with Tina several times, and Pat knows I find her attractive. Pat is into women as well, and also thinks Tina is attractive. Pat came to me recently and asked if she should invite Tina into our bedroom. I wholeheartedly agreed. Pat said that she would have to work on Tina a little and that it may take some time. I waited with anticipation.

About three weeks later, Pat called me from work and told me that Tina found out that her boyfriend was cheating on her. Pat asked if we should take Tina out that night to help her try and take her mind off things. I said ok and Pat told Tina to meet us at a local bar around 7 that night.

Pat and I showered when she got home and then we went straight to the bar. We got there a bout 6:30 and were finishing our first drink when Tina walked in at 7 on the dot. For a girl who was upset, she looked amazing! She had on a nice tight pair of dark blue jeans, a black button down blouse and high heels. Her makeup was flawless and she gave us the whitest and warmest smile as she walked up to our table. I gave Tina a quick kiss on the cheek and when Pat kissed her hello, she caught Tina on the corner of her lips. I got up to get us all a round of drinks and Pat slid next to Tina in the booth we were sitting at.

We talked as we drank and we consoled Tina. We were about four rounds in, when Pat put her hand on Tina's leg and kissed her softly on the lips. Both girls looked at me when they broke their kiss and I looked at them both and smiled. Tina looked a little nervous but Pat whispered something in her ear and Tina immediately became at ease. Pat suggested we go back to our house to continue the party. I settled the bill, and Pat and Tina walked quickly towards the parking lot giggling. I walked to our car and I thought Pat was coming with me, but she got into Tina's Camry and they quicklydrove off together with Pat sitting as close to Tina as she could get. We only live a couple of miles from the bar and when I pulled into the driveway, Tina and Pat were already there.

When I walked into the house, Pat kissed me hard on the lips and handed me a drink. She lead me into our living room and Tina was sitting on the couch with a drink in her hand and her heels carelessly shed on the floor. Pat sat next to Tina and I sat in my easy chair and we chatted some more. Tina was telling us how angry and hurt she was at Mark, her boyfriend. Pat put her finger to Tina's lips and told her that all would be made better. Pat replaced her finger with her lips and kissed Tina. Tina sat still at first then started to kiss Pat back. Pat's hand caressed Tina's leg and then she slowly brought her hand up and ran her fingers through Tina's hair. The kisses that were being shared became hotter, and the girls were now Frenching each other. Pat was pulling at the buttons on Tina's blouse and soon had them all unbuttoned exposing her black lace bra. I sat and watched them. My cock was growing and getting hard as steel. The girls stopped their kissing and Pat asked Tina if it was ok if I joined them. Tina looked at me and smiled. I took that to mean all was fine and I suggested we go to the bedroom to continue.

Pat took Tina by the hand and lead her down the hall to our large bedroom. Pat sat Tina down on the edge of the bed and then came over to me and we began kissing. Pat's hand made it's way down to my cock and she was squeezing it through my slacks. Pat turned to Tina and said, " Joe is really hard. Help me undress him." Tina tossed her open shirt onto the floor and both women began to undress me. I kicked off my shoes and Pat pulled off my shirt. While Tina fumbled to undo my belt, Pat was kissing me. Tina finally undid my belt and she quickly tugged on both my jeans and underwear, pulling them down at the same time and freeing my stiff cock. As I stepped out of my clothes, I looked down and Tina's eyes were fixated on my manhood. I am 8 inches when fully erect, and when Tina's cool hand wrapped around my shaft she commented, "Mmmm, you are bigger than Mark." 

Pat looked down at Tina and they each smiled at one another. Tina slid her hand up and down my shaft a few times and then she parted her lips and took the head of my cock into her warm mouth. While Tina slowly licked and sucked on me, Pat removed her clothes and then took Tina's place blowing me. Tina stepped up and we began kissing. I undid her bra freeing her breasts and she took off her jeans and thong. "Get on the bed." Pat commanded, and I complied. I laid down and both Tina and Pat went to work on my cock. After a few minutes of each woman sucking on me, Pat squeezed the shaft and some precum ooxed from the purple head. "Taste him." Pat said, and Tina's tongue licked the droplets away.

"He's sweet." Tina replied, and both women kissed each other.

"Let me taste you now." I said to Tina. 

"Go ahead." Pat said to her. "He's really good at oral."

Tina made her way up to my face and kissed me softly. She then swung her leg over and climbed onto my face. She smelled so clean and fresh, and lowered herself onto my lips. She moaned in her throat when my tongue slid between her pussy lips and pushed into her. Tina was very sweet and I eagerly lapped at her opening. While I feasted on Tina's pussy, Pat climbed onto my cock and slid down, fully burying me inside her hot pussy. I looked up to see both of Pat's hands squeezing Tina's tits, and both women were kissing each other deeply. My tongue made it's way to Tina's clit and I licked and sucked on the hard little nub. Tina squealed into Pat's mouth, and one of Pat's hands came down and her long fingers spread Tina's pussy lips. I now had easy access to Tina's clit and I sucked on her hard. Seconds later, Tina had her orgasm and filled my mouth with her delicious juices.

After I licked Tina's pussy clean, she collapsed onto the bed next to me, her breathing still heavy. Pat's pussy was still enveloping my hard cock and she lowered her lips to mine and kissed me. She tasted Tina's juices on my lips and tongue, and licked up what juices covered my chin. "Mmmm, she is sweet." Pat commented. Pat must have known I was close to coming and climbed off my dick. She got between Tina's open legs and started to eat Tina's pussy. Tina's eyes were closed tightly and her hands were tangled in Pat's long black hair. I watched my wife lick and suck on her friend's pussy for several minutes before Pat stopped and commanded Tina to eat her.

Now it was Pat on her back, and Tina made her way to Pat's puffy shaven pussy. Pat's fingers pulled Tina in close to her cunt and I watched Tina eat her first pussy. Tina's light skin was a beautiful contrast to Pat's mocha coloring. I got behind Tina and raised her ass off the bed. I placed the head of my aching cock to the opening of her slick pussy, and slowly eased my way inside. Tina was tight and warm and when I was fully buried into her, I stopped for a moment just in case she needed to get used to me. When no protest came, I began to slowly fuck this young beauty. I would pull most of my cock from her pussy and then push in all the way to my balls. Tina was getting really wet and my fucking started to become harder and faster. 

My thrusts were pushing Tina's mouth forward into Pat's pussy. Pat was breathing heavily and was close to her orgasm. Tina slid two of her well manicured fingers into Pat's pussy and fingered her while sucking on her clit. I reached around and rubbed Tina's clit while I fucked her, and a couple of minutes later Tina was having her second orgasm. As her orgasm started to subside, Pat came hard and drenched Tina's mouth and hand. Tina was licking up her juices and Pat looked up at me and said, "Fuck that pussy and fill her with your cum!" Hearing her commands triggered my own orgasm. My balls drew in tight and my cock started to spasm. All my pent up semen now exploded deep into Tina's cunt, and I stayed buried inside of her until my orgasm stopped and my dizziness cleared.

Pat commanded, "Give me my mans cum!" I withdrew my satisfied cock from Tina's pussy and Pat pulled Tina's pussy up to her face. Tina was wobbly but squatted over Pat's open mouth, and she pushed my cum from her pussy. A steady stream of creamy whiteness made it's way into her mouth and Pat held it there. When she had enough she pushed Tina off of her and grabbed her behind her head. She kissed Tina hard and they shared my cream. Both women swallowed what they had. Pat was smiling and made her way to where I was standing and watching. She took my wet sticky cock into her mouth and sucked me clean, pulling any remaining cum from the head. Tina was lying on the bed watching us. When Pat was done, she said "Now her." 

Tina looked confused as we both got between her and spread her legs. I licked her freshly fucked pussy of my remaining cum and Pat slid her long fingers inside of Tina's pussy, scooping out what I couldn't reach. Pat would lick her fingers clean and then scoop out some more. I kissed Tina and shared what I licked and sucked out of her. Then Pat did the same, again sharing more of my cum. Tina looked at us both and she smiled. "That was hot!. Mark never would have done anything that sexy! I tried to kiss him once after I went down on him. I didn't even have any of his cum in my mouth and he winced and pulled away."

 "Then we must do this again sometime soon Tina." Pat said. 

 Tina responded, "The night is still young. Mind if I stay?" We all looked at each other and smiled. Then I went to get us all another drink.