 For a myriad of reasons, the three women assembled against the back wall of the room couldn't quite fathom what they were seeing. It was obvious that the most primal of sexual acts was getting ready to take place, but for two of them at least, Renee and Sarah, they still felt as if they were stranded in a fog of disbelief.

For Sarah it was even more disconcerting. Having led a relatively sheltered life when it came to such things, she had never so much as seen an adult movie in her life. It wasn't a choice she set out to make, simply one that her lifestyle, and course of daily travails, never necessitated. So the brutal and blunt reality that she was sitting in a hotel suite, far from home with her third glass of scotch nursed against her bottom lip, watching one of her co-workers submit herself completely to a man she would probably never see again, was a scene that Sarah knew she'd never be able to completely rationalize.

For Patricia however, the angst ran much deeper. Even though it appeared that Tamara was drunkenly having the time of her life with the captivating man that had seduced the clothes right off of her, Patricia knew there would be a substantial price for her to pay when it was over and the eventual truth of why Will ended up in the room finally came out.

Still, there was nothing she could do. The genie was out of the bottle. As Will bent over and forced Tamara's thighs all the way apart with his hands, each of the three women watching squirmed noticeably in their seats as their friend and co-worker arched her tiny feet high into the air, bracketing Will's lean and muscular frame as he took his place on top of her steaming and hairless crotch.

Blindly reaching down, Will took his sturdy girth by its base and swung it like a mighty club, dropping it straight down on top of the soupy warmth of Tamara's vaginal entrance.

"Get those legs high in the air," Will urged before rubbing the head of his prick gently in and out of Tamara's puckered and oily slit.

"Gonna get it nice and wet...and then...I'm gonna stick it all the way inside of you," Will promised with syrupy intent.

Tamara's tiny vagina spasmed and trembled from such a rigid and unforgiving presence invading its core.

"OH...GOD...Go slow," the breathless girl begged, the whole time straining her legs higher and higher into the air to give Will as much access to her sex as she could.

Pushing forward, Will tensed slightly as he watched Tamara's spine lurch off the mattress. Keeping one hand underneath her behind to steady his penetration angle, Will used his other hand to support Tamara's back while he inched his seething penis deeper inside of her.

"You're doing just fine," he cooed, kissing her several times on the mouth and cheek, allowing Tamara to taste her own pungent arousal directly from his caressing lips.

"Damn this is...this is...something," Renee softly mumbled.

"Uh...Huh," Patricia shook her head in stunned agreement, still not able to fully comprehend the Hell she had unleashed. 

Stealing a peek to her right to gauge Renee's outward expression to everything that was happening, Patricia was stunned by a sudden and indescribable wildfire that surged through her soul.

"What was...that?" Patricia internally wondered as she turned her focus back to Tamara and Will on the bed.

Twisting her head and leaning to her right for a better view between the naked couple's intertwined legs, Patricia's mouth started to water when she saw just how graphically real it looked as Will's savage manhood disappeared into the glowing pink target between Tamara's girlish thighs.

"UUURRGGGHHH...AAAHHH...AAAHHHHHHHH," Tamara groaned loudly, every muscle in her petite body now straining to manage the unforgiving mass of flesh that was snaking deep into her cunt.

"Jesus," Renee and Patricia each blankly mumbled in unison as they watched Tamara's arms and legs flail wildly through the air.

Several minutes passed as Will built up a painstaking and steady rhythm inside the young girl's quim. All Tamara could do was lay there and hold on for dear life as Will fed the entire length of his dick between her constricting vaginal folds.

Just when it looked as if Tamara was going to get fucked senseless without so much as putting up a counterattack, she ratcheted her hands up to Will's back and dug her fingernails roughly into the churning muscles surrounding his shoulder blades.

Watching as Will momentarily tensed from the pleasurable pain of having his sweaty skin raked, Patricia swallowed hard and found herself scooting forward in her seat, the heat of her own crotch feeling like a freshly stoked fire burning beneath her.

A sexual stalemate played out on the bed for just an instant between Will and Tamara, until he realized what the suddenly re-energized brunette was attempting to do.

Pinching the lower third of his penis between his fingers of his left hand to hold it in place inside of Tamara, Will scooped the girl's torso up off the mattress with his right, holding her tightly against his chest as he tilted their collective weight to the side. Once Will was able to balance himself, he flipped over onto his naked behind, assuming the same spot on the scattered sheets where Tamara had just been laying.

Keeping his cock wedged inside of Tamara's vagina the entire time he made the switch of position, Will finally rocked back and let out a sigh of admiration as he looked up at Tamara tettering on top of him.

"OOOHH...GOODDDD," Tamara loudly gulped, feeling Will's steely appendage stretching her genital muscles to the max from the force of gravity that came with sitting on top of his crotch.

"I've...never...felt...anything...so...deep," Tamara's withering voice crumbled as she tried desperately to build up a pelvic rhythm.

Her thrusts were scattered and awkward at best however do to the blinding flash of sensation that overwhelmed her each time she moved her pussy against Will's rigid rod.

"Just take your time Baby...take your time...you can get him," Patricia found herself coaching Tamara from behind, hating the look of cocksure arrogance etched across Will's handsome face as he watched Tamara squirm and quiver on top of him.

"She just looks...so small...on top of him...just like a little girl trying to ride a horse for the first time," Renee noted as she and Patricia shared a fleeting glance of lurid appreciation for what they were witnessing.

Guiding his hands up to Tamara's chest, Will slipped his fingertips underneath the pink bra straps that loosely hung from her shaking arms and worked them all the way down. Taking the lacy cups and wire mesh support between his fingers, Will next inched the front of Tamara's bra all the way down until it wrapped tightly around her narrow waist.

With her tits completely exposed, Will hurriedly extended his palms out and cupped Tamara's bosom until each of her small white orbs had been engulfed into his hands.

Kneading her breasts as she frantically lurched above, Will bucked his hips upwards off the bed each time Tamara tried to slam her pussy down on his prick.

"OOHH...GGAAWWWDDD...FUCK ME," Tamara mewed helplessly, suspended on top of Will's crotch, her knees straddled out to each side as if she had become stuck on some sort of ruthless sex machine.

"Is that what you want...for me to fuck you and make you cum ...right here in front of your friends?" Will spat back, thumbing the girl's juicy and ripe nipples as he savored the feel of her vaginal walls trying to choke the life from his virile manhood.

"Fuck him back Tamara...come one...fuck him back," Patricia anxiously muttered up to the bed, causing Will to turn his head towards her and sneer.

Taking one of his hands off of Tamara's chest, Will reached around her back and graphically pointed and rubbed at his swollen balls, showing the three women watching from behind just how much of their co-worker's liquod lust had oozed out of her cunt, down the crack of her tiny ass and all over his aroused genitals.

Renee and Sarah each felt a strange sensation in the pits of their stomach when they saw the way Patricia was seeming to root Tamara on as if she had some sort of deeper interest in the way the young girl was being treated on the bed. It wasn't until much later that the two unknowing women would come to grips with the depth of their boss' depraved lust.

As if buoyed by some sort of carnal second wind, Tamara did in fact start to show some life of her own on top of Will's pistoning thrusts. Clenching her eyelids tightly shut and mashing her teeth together, Tamara baptized herself in the determination to give Will the best fuck he had ever had.

Slapping both her hands down on top of his pecs for support, Tamara dug her fingernails into Will's chest hair as she began to use her pussy as a weapon right back at him.

Twisting her vaginal muscles with every fiber of her barely 100 pound being, Tamara seemingly tried to rip Will's rock solid joint off from the root and swallow it up inside of her.

"UURRGGAAAHHHHH," Will gasped suddenly, shocked by the primal transformation that had come over the diminutive girl humping his groin.

"FUCK ME...FUCK ME...FFUUCCKKK MMMEEEE...FUCK ME YOU SONOFABITCH," Tamara spat down, this time in a voice from deep within her bowels.

Each of Tamara's assembled friends began to blush and tighten their already clamped thighs together when they heard the demonic traces of Tamara's deep-seeded lust bleed to the surface.

On and on the frantic couple went for several minutes, the vibrations of the tortured bedframe underneath them sounding like a rickety old Cessna attempting to take off as Tamara and Will pounded each other towards oblivion.

For just a fleeting instant, Patricia thought her bet with Will would be won. Feeling her spine tingle and enthusiasm crest when she saw the way Will's Adam's apple bobbed and his entire body tensed, Patricia was sure the sight of his erupting cock would only be a moment away.

"Goddamnit cum...WILL...CUM GODDAMNIT!" Patricia screamed to herself, wedging her hand further down between her numb legs to try and quell the burning but unreachable itch festering inside.

Just when it seemed Will was passing the point of no return however, he tightened his grip on Tamara's tits with his left hand while allowing his right to quickly drop down to where his cock was slicing open the girl's flaming hot womb.

Clumsily extending his index and middle fingers, Will pressed them against Tamara's vaginal entrance as well, using them like talons tearing at the girl's bulging clit.

Instantly, Tamara's head rocked backwards and a gurgling spasm bellowed from her lips.

"NOOOOOO," Patricia mind screamed, feeling as if the proverbial rug had been pulled out from underneath her.

"FFFUUUUUUUCCCKKKKKKKKKKK... FFFFUUUUCCCKKKKKKK... FFFFUUUCCCCKKKKKKK... AAAHHHHHHHHFFFUUUCCCKKKK" Tamara cried helplessly, her head swinging back and forth to the point that her long luxurious hair looked like a waving pompom as Will forced her over the edge.

Watching as Tamara's shivering body swayed aimlessly to each side at the same time her vaginal muscles shuddered and choked around his embedded cock, Will hastily squeezed it off at the base to keep it from spewing as he allowed the young girl's release to blissfully run its course.

When he finally saw Tamara's lithe body go completely limp on top of him and her chin dropped like a lead weight down against the top of her chest, he knew she had reached empty. Cringing noticeably when he pulled his fully erect and unfulfilled cock out of Tamara's still quivering sheath, Will lifted his back off the mattress slightly and helped Tamara down until she collapsed into a spent pile of naked humanity, to his left, on the bed.

"You are one fantastic fuck," Will whispered into the girl's beet red ear with genuine honesty, internally amazed that he had been able to withstand everything Tamara had given of herself.

Leaning back to catch his breath, Will gazed across the room and stroked his majestically erect cock as he made eye contact with Patricia, showing her that Even though his battle hardened pride and joy was more than a little greasy, it was still ready to go to collect on her failed offer.

What Will didn't expect to see however, was the specter of a shadowy and cautious figure approaching the edge of the bed to his right.

"Well...Well...Well," Will brazenly coughed, blinking his eyes several times to make sure what he was seeing was real.

* * * * * *

Having steeled himself the entire course of events with Tamara to save the lust brewing inside of his balls for Patricia, after he won the bet , even someone who had seen most everything sexually tangible as Will was caught off guard by the presence of the oldest woman of the group, the married one Sarah, standing pensively beside the bed.

"She's just there to check on her friend," the rational part of Will's mind assumed as he stole a quick peek over at Tamara laying there, curled up in a modified fetal position as she exhaustedly nuzzled the bed sheets below.

As the seconds dragged by however and Sarah remained as still as a statue above him, Will couldn't help but notice she was staring at the same thing the other three women in the room were, the rigid slab of fleshy granite that continued to rise mightily from his loins.

Reaching his right hand down to massage his sagging balls, Will then slowly traced his fingertips along the bottom edge of his cock, his insides fizzing with a strange and perverse arousal as he watched the way the married woman's dark blue eyes followed it.

Rolling his fingers teasingly around the spongy, helmet shaped head of his penis, Will's adrenaline started to pump when he saw the way Sarah's lips began to quiver at the same time each of her pointed nipples became visible through the front of her sheer dress.

"You want to touch me don't you?" Will smirked, watching with morbid fascination as Sarah anxiously rung her soft white, trembling hands together.

A cosmic hush had settled over everyone in the room, each wondering what effects the next few seconds would have on the rest of Sarah's life.

"It had to be the Scotch," Sarah would later tell herself, the only plausible reason why she would throw 20 years of faithful allegiance to her Husband down the drain. Or the simple fact that witnessing what she just had between two young, vibrant and virile people, any normal and healthy person couldn't help but become aroused by what they saw.

But SHE was the one standing by the bed like a starving female pup, seemingly in a trance as Will slowly pumped his bristling erection.

"You're the one standing here Sarah," she dejectedly told herself. "Not Patricia...Not Renee...It's you." 

"Come on...," Will urged softly. "I see the way your looking at it...I know you want to touch it."

"N...No," Sarah replied, her voice trailing away ashamedly.

Will continued to luridly swing his swollen phallus through the air, watching with determined glee as Sarah's eyeballs bounced side to side in their sockets following it.

"I can see your mouth watering from here," Will cryptically added, an electrical charge of power shooting through his nerve endings when he watched Sarah's eyelids close in near surrender at the sound of his voice.

"I can't...I can't...I ca...," Sarah stuttered, her voice trailing away again, this time drawing completely mute as she vaguely felt the hem of her knee length skirt shift slightly.

Unable to make eye contact with Will beneath her, all Sarah could focus on when she opened her eyes was Tamara's disheveled outline on the bed, and Sarah felt an overwhelming jealousy of what it must feel like to be her younger friend at that moment, so exhausted and thoroughly reamed from a brutal round of sex, that she literally couldn't move two parts of her body at the same time.

"I can't," Sarah tried to beg once more, this time her mind blanking out as Will's hand and forearm disappeared between her legs.

The only one of the four women that had decided to wear a skirt that evening, Sarah had bought a summery tan and cream colored number on clearance a few months back Even though she knew she probably wouldn't get a chance to wear it at home, in Memphis, until at least early April of next year. When she had found out she would be making the trip to Tampa however, on a lark Sarah decided to bring the dress with her and threw it on before her and the girls went out for drinks that night.

The decision to wear that dress instead of something slightly more covering may have been her final undoing.

Grasping for every last bit of crumbling willpower she could find, any chance Sarah could pull herself back from the brink exploded in a blinding flash of light inside her head when Will's probing fingers collided with her steaming pussy.

Forgoing pantyhose when she got dressed earlier that evening because of the humid Tampa climate, when Will's hand crept all the way up her skirt, the only thing protecting the pulsing lips of her aroused vagina was a pair of dampened cotton panties.

"NNNNN...NNNAAHHHHH," Sarah yelped, looking as if she were drowning in her own inner struggle between morality and decrepit lust.

It was a struggle not lost on anyone in the room either as they collectively watched Sarah's trembling legs begin to bend towards floor, her body seeming to succumb to the angst and unquenched need that had long been secretly swirling inside her. 

And with each inch Sarah's knees bent lower, Will kept his concealed hand firmly in place between her legs, his palm wedged snugly against the very thing Sarah had sworn never to share with anyone else, when she made her marital vows 20 years before.

Seated directly across the bed from Sarah, it appeared to both Patricia and Renee that their friend and co-worker had stepped into a pool of quicksand as she slipped helplessly into her carnal abyss.

Just as Sarah's will to fight was about to give out, Patricia and Renee were each sure they had seen either a plea for help or desire for forgiveness in Sarah's eyes as her knees touched the floor.

Seeing Sarah's body go limp from relief when her knees pressed into the plush carpet below, Will corkscrewed his embedded hand between the older woman's thighs and steadily worked her panties off her crotch until he was able to manipulate the soft garment down to her knees.

"Don't make me...pl...pl...please...don't make me do...this?" Sarah begged from her knees, her whole body trembling now as the cool air from the hotel's air conditioning rushed and swirled up her raised skirt against her now unsheathed vagina.

"I'm not...making you ...do anything," Will sarcastically rebuked, before nudging Sarah's knees off the floor, one by one, so he could completely remove the married woman's underwear.

Slipping the elastic band of Sarah's panties off each of her ankles, Will slowly balled the lewd trophy into his fist and raised them to his chest, kneaded them in front of Sarah's defeated face as if the panties were only the first thing he was about to take from her.

Unable to fight the inner battle a second longer, Sarah's hands dropped to the edge of the mattress, giving her the appearance of a young girl kneeling bedside, late at night, saying her prayers as Will's straining erection rose mightily above her line of sight.

"Suck it," Will plainly offered, the words cutting Sarah to the core of her soul.

Reaching down with his right hand, Will softly rubbed his fingers through the married woman's short, neatly trimmed dark blonde and slightly salt and peppered hair.

"Spread your lips Sarah...and wrap them around my cock," Will demanded a second time, using his left hand to gracefully pump his dick, causing it to seemingly inhale and exhale directly in front of Sarah's ashen face.
