 John and Paula had been going like rabbits in the weeks since she had seduced Robert. Paula had thought she might regret everything, but in the end it made her closer to John and she felt suddenly more liberated.

John at first had been so excited about hearing about Paula's adventure with Robert that he couldn't resist her. He found himself suddenly pulling her out of the shower and fucking her on the bathroom floor in an excited rush.

Also Paula had told John that she would do anything he wanted as well, and John had made sure to make the most of the offer, including a couple of evenings of her recounting the seduction in detail while sucking his cock.

It was during one of those sessions that the conversation turned to Robert's wife, Melissa. Paula was on her knees in sexy lingerie sucking slowly on John's cock while he stood in front of their mirror admiring the view.

"Do you think Melissa is hot?" she asked.

John thought for a moment, he hadn't really thought about Melissa in that way. She was a good looking woman, more buxom that Paula and pale by comparison. Now as he thought about her she started to imagine what she would be like to fuck, Paula had returned his cock to her mouth and the sensations sent shivers up his spine.

"She is good looking, and a lovely pair of tits," he finally said smiling as he opened his eyes and he watched Paula working his cock.

"Well since Robert got to fuck me I think at the very least you should get a go at his wife," she announced.

John smiled as he thought about it, "Now you mention it that would seem fair?"

Paula looked up smiling before slowly starting to lick the length of John's hard cock, stopping for a moment to ask, "So how do you want her?"

John thought for a moment, which was a little difficult given that Paula had returned his cock into her warm mouth. But as he watched his wife, he realized exactly what he wanted.

"I think I would like to you seduce her for me, then watch me fuck her with while you tease Robert, then once I have cum in her pussy we can tell him to fuck her too," John finally announced.

The graphic description stopped Paula and she pulled back, looked up and John and smiled. 

"We are going to need to get Robert into the right frame of mind for him to be ready for his wife to be fucked," she grinned.

John smiled back, "well that is your next mission, use your talents to make sure Robert is so horny that he is begging for us to take turns on his slut wife."

Paula licked her lips, "I will boss, now you fuck my mouth while you think about cumming in her pussy," she calmly said before taking John's cock and sucking it until she tasted his hot cum.

Paula had needed to think about how to approach the challenge, she wanted to basically work Robert up into a frenzy and get him talking about his wife. Originally she had ignored a couple of texts he had sent her, but after sharing them with John they decided on a plan.

Neither of them was sure it would work, but the idea was simple, Paula would tease Robert with sexting, and push him to talk about Melissa. Then she would learn as many dirty secrets about her as possible. From there she would set-up another dinner and then they would work on getting Melissa and Robert drunk and seducing them both. Paula was hoping the end would be Melissa on her knees with her husbands cock in her, and she would make sure that Robert watched while she held his cock. This time though she wanted John to cum in Melissa and then she would make sure Robert had his turn with his wife.

The day or two later John and Paula set to work, with a large bottle of tequila at the ready. They both poured a shot.

"Ok, here we go, let's see how good your sexting skills are?" John announced, pouring them both another shot.

It was around 10pm and so Paula was hoping that Robert would be ready to play. Her first text tested the water.

"You OK to text a little?" she offered.

They waited on the couch, sinking about shot while they did. Both wondering what the reply would say. After ten minutes the phone buzzed.

"Love to! :)" Robert replied.

"All alone?" Paula tapped back.

"Yep, Melissa asleep," came the reply.

John poured about shot for them, and they giggled as they both downed it.

"So you are just sitting up with that lovely cock of yours," Paula teased. Smiling at John as she wrote it.

"Yes, just thinking about your lovely pussy," Robert shot back.

Paula grinned, and then pulled up her dress, to reveal her black lace panties and snapped a shot of them.

As the picture made its way over the airwaves to Robert, John couldn't resist running his fingers up the inside of his wifes leg and pressing them on the material.

"Oh that is a nice view, missing those lovely tits too," Robert sent back.

Paula giggled, the tequila was now hitting her, as was the feeling of Johns fingers circling her clit. Her dress was low cut enough to afford a nice view of the top of her tits, and so she snapped another.

"Your turn," she added to the picture.

A few moments passed and John watched excitedly his fingers continuing to work Paulas now warm pussy.

When the picture of Roberts cock arrived John was a little shocked, he had never seen his friend naked before, and certainly not hard. Robert's tool was quite impressive, he had to give it to him.

Paula giggled when she saw the picture, seeing his cock again reminded her how it tasted and felt when she rode him.

"Yummy, looks nice and hard, didn't Melissa help you tonight," she asked, wanting to start to bring her into the conversation.

"No its all for you," Robert replied.

Paula paused for a moment, closing her eyes and enjoying John's fingers. She needed to get Robert more turned on, if she could get him more excited then he might start playing some more dirty games.

"Such a lovely looking cock, has he had any action since fucking me," she teased.

There was a minutes pause before response.

"Had some action, was too horny after fucking you," Robert replied.

Paula smiled as John's finger slid easily into her pussy.

"Did you fuck Melissa nice and hard?" Paula teased, wanting to make the conversation dirtier as she got more turned on.

"Very hard," Robert replied, Paula could tell he was starting to get into it, now to keep teasing.

"Did you cum in her pussy, or her mouth?" Paula asked, closing her eyes a little again and listening to the squelch of John fingering her harder, her hand moved down and started stroking the buldge in his trousers.

"Both," Robert quickly sent back.

Paula giggled and turned to John, "So how dirty do you think Melissa is?" she asked.

John smiled as he unbuttoned his trousers and pulled his hard cock out, "Lets find out," she smiled back as Paula watched his cock, running her fingers up and down it.

"I think he needs a few more teasing shots to keep him hard," John announced. Paula didn't need too much pushing. She pulled her top down a little more, revealing more of her pert breasts and snapped away.

A few moments after the pictures were delivered Robert replied, "nice!"

"You must have liked fucking your wifes wet mouth and pussy and thinking about those," Paula teased again, her hand now wrapped tightly around John's shaft while two of his fingers worked her pussy.

"Oh I did!" Robert texted back, following a moment later with another picture of his now even harder cock.

"Does she get nice and dirty when you are fucking her like that?" Paula continued.

"She does!" Robert replied instantly.

"I bet she is like me, and loves a nice cock!" Paula teased, biting her lip and gasping a little as John pushed deeper in her, obviously enjoying the show.

"She can be a slut when she wants to," Robert replied.

Paula decided to see how far she could go, "A slut that likes a few cocks fucking her I bet!"

The text just replied, "grins." Paula knew she was winning.

"We should get together, since you already fucked me it just seems right that John fucks your slut wife," Paula texted bluntly. She was a little nervous that this would end it.

There was a long pause, "I wonder if he is game," John whispered in her ear.

"I'm sure we can both get her ready for him," Robert replied.

"All three of us can!" Paula texted, and she now knew that they were on for a night to all enjoy Melissa.

The rest of that evening the pictures poured over between them, it didn't take long for Robert to realize that John knew and Paula shared pictures of John taking her and recieved pictures of Robert jerking off which turned her on more. In the end Robert sent over a picture of his hand covered in cum, Paula responded with John's cum dribbling out of her wet pussy.

The next day she texted Robert to say that they would be having dinner, and Melissa, that weekend. Within an hour he confirmed they would be there.

In the three days leading up to the dinner date Paula wanted to make sure that Robert was in the right frame of mind. She discussed with John ways to ensure that Robert was getting excited, and also wanted to plan out the evening so that John had as much fun as possible. 

Each time they started it would usually turn into a hot session of teasing, sucking and fucking. John started taking the the photography on Paula's phone, sending the pictures to Robert. It was obviously getting Robert more excited, with the pictures flowing he started sharing with Paula and John the things that Melissa liked. Apparently she was a very dirty girl.

They discovered that Melissa had been with a girl in the past, had quite a sexual appitite which resulted in her and Robert watching porn together. She had fantasies about threesome and orgies and had a large dildo she kept next to the bed. All of this turned Paula and John on more and more, and by the evening of the dinner both they and Robert were ready to see how far they could get Melissa to go.

Paula made sure she dressed very sexy for the evening, with a halter top, short dress with stockings and lacy panties. For dinner it was a small steak meal with some expensive red wine. When the doorbell rang at 7pm both Paula and John were already excited, when they got to the door and saw Robert dressed in a very smart suit and Melissa in a very tight fitting red dress they smiled broadly at each other.

Everyone exchanged hugs and headed to the kitchen, the meal was almost ready so there was just time to serve some red wine and take a seat. The steaks were cooked to perfection and everyone chatted away. It had been the first time John and Robert had seen each other in person, yet they were both smiling away and talking about work and life. 

Paula couldn't resist looking Melissa over as they caught up, it had been the first conversation since the last party and Paula found herself getting excited chatting while remembering Robert fucking her in the room upstairs only a few weeks ago. Every once in a while she would look past Melissa and catch Robert's eye and feeling him lusting after her.

Once dinner and desert was done John invited everyone to relax in the lounge as they cleared the table. Paula brought through a couple more bottles of red while and a bottle of tequila, she was starting to get ready for the first phase of her plan.

After more small talk everyone was comfortable sitting on the L-shape couch, Robert and Melissa on one side while Paula sat on the other and John was in the arm chair facing them. Paula tapped the side of her wine glass and everyone hushed.

"Ok I thought tonight we could play a game?" she announced.

"An what game would this be?" Robert asked, grinning and obviously keen.

"Truth or dare," she stated calmly. "To get us started we will all take a shot, the last one to put the glass down will start," she said putting the four shot glasses on the coffee table.

Melissa and Robert looked and each other smiling, "sure lets give it a go," Robert said encouragingly. A moment later John had filled the glasses and was making a toast, "here is to a fun night," every cheered and then downed the drinks. Melissa was the last to return her glass to the table with a clunk.

Paula leaned over to John and gave him a kiss giggling from the hit of tequla and then looked over to Robert to see him smiling with his arm around Melissa. "Well honey it looks like you are up first?" he beamed.

Melissa grinned, "oh well here we go, I suppose lets start with a truth," she said, sipping her red wine again to take the strong kick of the tequila away.

Paula got up and picked up her glass and moved over to the arm chair and sat on John's lap, "well darling where should we start?" she asked him. 

John smiled, "lets start simple," he smiled back to Paula and they both turned to Melissa. "ok whats your favourite sexual position?" Paula asked.

Melissa smiled, "oh that is easy, on all fours," she answered calmly. 

"Must be a nice view," John announced, there was a moments silence and then Robert and Paula both laughed to Melissa's surprise. "I bet!" Paula added, "right Robert?"

Robert grinned and looked at his wife, "oh it is!" he smiled, Melissa giggled, "Robert really?" she said coyly. 

"Ok who is next?" John asked.

"Got to be Robert's go next," Paula smiled back to her husband.

"Sounds good, I'll do a truth?" Robert smiled back, his eyes running briefly from Paula's face down to her halter top and then her stocking clad legs.

"Right then Robert," John started, "ever fantasize about Melissa being fucked by another guy?"

Melissa gasped a little, "this will be interesting," she said.

Paula giggled, "it will."

Robert took a minute to sip his wine then smiled and said, "yeah of course, one guy or a few guys," he smiled turning to face Melissa, "I'm sure you know that," she said patting her leg.

"Oh lucky you Melissa!" Paula smiled looking over to her. "You might get a few guys fucking you, I'll toast that," as she raised her glass. Everyone laughed and raised their glass before each taking a large sip of wine.

"John your next," Robert said smiling.

"Go for it," John smiled back sipping his wine again.

"You ever want sloppy seconds on Paula?" Robert asked bluntly. John laughed as Melissa hit her husbands arm, "Robert!" she said.

Paula giggled and kissed John's cheek, "Well honey, whats the answer?" she teased. 

John grinned back and Robert, "I suppose thats a fair one," she smiled.

John picked up his glass, "yeah I thought about fucking Paula when she just took a load of a guys cum in her pussy," he said, the crude wording seemed to take the air from the room for a moment.

Paula broke the silence after a few seconds, "I hope its not just one guy's cum?" she joked and suddenly everyone laughed. John kissed her on the cheek and then the lips while Robert and Melissa giggled, "well I suppose it comes down to how many guys you think you can take?" John joked back.

Melissa giggled, she was starting to become tipsy and then she blurted out, "Well I imagine if there are guys in the room with you dressed up like that then they would want to fuck you?"

Robert burst into laughter and Paula blushed a little, but she could feel the excitement building and now seeing Melisssa getting more dirty she could see the plan for the night was working.

"Well while you are all imagining me being gangbanged I suppose I'll take a truth as well," Paula said.

"Our turn," said Melissa and sipped a little more wine while Robert reached over to freshenly everyone's glasses.

"So Paula," she paused dramatically, "when was the last time you came thinking about another man."

Paula turned to John and smiled, John smiled back, "well that would probably be a couple of days ago," she grinned. 

"Really?" Melissa announced, a little shocked.

"To be fair John was fucking me on all fours at the time, but I was staring at another guys cock on my phone," Paula said cheekily as she felt the excitement building up. She gave John a kiss on the lips as she felt the warmth between her legs.

Melissa giggled, "Well lucky Paula!" she said turning to Robert unknowingly, "well honey I hope I start to get that lucky," she teased. Robert grinned, obviously getting excited as well, "maybe we need to find you some cock then," he teased and gave his wife a kiss.

John sipped his drink as he watched them kiss for a moment, "come on then Melissa, it is your turn again and I think we are going to want something more than your favorite position," he joked.

Melissa laughed, "let me get a shot then," she asked smiling away at John. John refilled the four shot glasses, though his eyes were firming on Melissa figure in the tight red dress. Her tits were looking amazingly, he probably hadn't paid them enough attention in the past. Even when Melissa caught him staring she just smiled and asked, "got that shot?"

John caught himself and smiled, pouring the tequila again. 

"Here's to Melissa seeing some cock," she said raising his glass for the toast and everyone drank quickly.

With the afterglow of the tequila settling on the group the feeling of excitement was rising. Paula could feel herself getting excited as she looked over to Melissa and Robert and then back to John. She had caught him staring at Melissa tits and was looking forward to see them almost as much as him.

Melissa giggled as she looked over at Robert and then put the shot glass down and sat back on the couch.

"Ok, lets try a dare!" she smiled.

"Oh yeah," Paula laughed, "let's make this a good one."

"Lets hear what your suggestion is then?" John said to Paula smiling.

Paula giggled, "Well I was thinking she should give us a show and see if it is enough to make her husband and my husband hard."

For a moment everyone went a little quiet and looked at Melissa, she was looking a little tipsy and nervous but still very hot in her tight fitting red dress. After a pause she smiled.

"OK, lets give this a go," she grinned.

"Honey, your good with this right?" she said turning to Robert on the couch.

Robert smiled, "I'm looking forward to it," he said.

Melissa grinned and looked over to John and Paula.

"OK Paula lets see if I can get your husband hard shall we, you put your hand on his crotch and you can tell me when it works," she said as she stood up and moved a few steps away from the couch to the middle of the room. Clearly the guys were in for a show Paula thought as she rested her hand on Johns crotch and already felt his semi-erect cock.

"You go girl, I can't wait to see what you have too," Paula shouted out excitedly, squeezing her fingers around John's cock a little and then looking over to catch Robert's eye.

Melissa stood in the middle of the room between the couch and the chairs for a moment, her hands at her sides as she built up the courage.

Then she ran her hands down her sides of the red dress, both John and Robert watched eagerly. The dress hugged her thin waist and over her curved breasts, exposing the tops of them and pushing them up. The material ran down to just above the knee, tight around her thights.

She turned a little toward John and Paula, "well I know which bits of a girl Robert likes most I suppose I need to find out what you like?" she asked John.

John grinned, "Well on you it would have to be those lovely tits," she said crudely. 

Paula giggled and squeezed his cock a little, she was enjoying the building up excitement and she loved John talking to Melissa like that. 

"These," Melissa giggled as she ran her hands up from her hips and over the curves of a breasts. 

She leaned forward a little to afford both guys a better view down her dress.

"I bet you would like to see them, maybe stroke them, lick them, " she started, her voice becoming lower and more seductive as she went.

Paula was enjoying the show watching Melissa and then looking over to see both John and Robert's eye fixed on Melissa's hands running over her tits as she spoke.
