 "It's ready. Are you ready?" Veronique asked me in the dim light of the antechamber leading into the massive heated airplane hanger.

"Yes." I said soberly. I was naked and my cock had risen to nearly fully erect already.

"We've just given the announcement. All the girls are in place, each with their own mini tube of KY. The temperature is set. The entire floor has been temporarily shag-carpeted. The music is starting. They are waiting for you, Paul Ironwood."

"Good. Then let you be the first, Baby," and we embraced in a gentle passionate kiss. 

Veronique guided my now fully had twelve-inch dick straight up her slippery-wet, completely waxed-bald cunt as we stood and kissed. There was not a single follicle of hair on her pussy as I slid my meat home between her immaculately-smooth pussy lips. Her mammoth boobs pressed into my chest, their nipples like hard candies. I slid my cock about a dozen times cleanly in and out of her wonderful tight pussy before pulling out. No words between us were necessary. This had all been planned for quite some time now.

I turned and left through the heavy red-oak door into the hangar. 

Soft, ambient sexy upbeat dance music was filling the massive space. The whole place was lit fairly dimly by soft, ambient violet lights hung high up in the vast space below the ceiling. Before me, standing dutifully like Soldiers of Love, were one thousand naked, gorgeous, completely waxed-pussie'd, willing sluts. My whores. In scale at least, my greatest sexual fantasy yet. The nearby ones smiled and waved at me slightly, swaying subtly to the soft, relaxing yet energizing beats of the music.

I walked up to the first of so many rows of gorgeous naked babes and eyed her up and down. She was stunning! Her tits were enormous, fake, and utterly perfect. Her waist was narrow and enticing. Her bleached platinum-blonde hair was down nearly to her ass. We embraced, and the babe guided my hard fuck-stick straight up her lubed-up hot cunt as we kissed slowly and passionately. I fucked her delicious hole, probably for too long, considering I still had nine hundred and ninety nine cunts to go before I planned to stop.

"Uh, yeah..." she breathed in the sexiest girl's voice you can imagine as I fucked her slowly and then pulled out. 

There were small sinks on pillars every five hundred yards or so equipped with small silk towels for me to clean my cock up with should I feel like it. The girls, God bless them all, would stand on 'duty' the entire time. I knew it was a lot to ask of them, so there were comfortable luxury cots placed near each of the sinks which they could take shifts napping in if they so desired while I fucked them all in turn.

According to the 'rules,' their pussies were all I had to penetrate. But no holes were off-limits, should I feel like having my dick sucked, or fucking a girl up the ass, at any time, and with any of them whatsoever. I wondered briefly if any man had ever been so lucky before in the history of human civilization.

I took several deep breaths before approaching the second girl, a gorgeous jet-black maned beauty with massive, pert natural boobs. Her ass was shapely and flared out from her miniscule waist like a bell.

We smiled at each other as I gently turned her around, reached around to her front and gripped her tits, as she guided my cock straight up her lubed-up ass. It felt amazing, as you may well imagine.

A couple thrusts was all I allowed myself before pulling out, at which time she re-guided my dick up her lubed-up cunt, as per the programme. Several luscious thrusts later and I was kissing her on her lipstick'd lips and moving on to the next babe.

This one, a blonde with huge perfect natural tits, I took one of her huge tits into my mouth and sucked it hard as she guided my dick up her tight, lubed-up hot pussy for a couple deep, heavenly thrusts. Heaven!

Babe after babe, I made my way down the first row of beauties, fucking each one up her lubed-up cunt, stopping occasionally for a blowjob from the irresistibly hot-faced ones. Tall ones, short ones, all were big-titted ones, big-assed ones, medium-sized ass ones, all were perfect-assed ones, blondes, brunettes, the occasional redhead, jet-black haired ones, Asians, Italians, Americans, Russians, Hungarians... you name it, she was there. 'Twas the most sensual marathon ever 'run,' I daresay.

And still the endless rows of naked gorgeous babes loomed before me.

It was like surfing the net for free porn while jacking-off (which used to be a favorite pastime of mine) except that it was for real. Just how many computers had I wrecked, I reminisced, with viruses just to click on those fresh, goddamn hot-as-hell pics of babes upon babes as I stroked my desperate dick for hours on end... 

But this was a serious challenge. It had been seven hrs. of sliding my cock up fresh, lubed-up waxed-bald cunt, and I wasn't even half way through the hangar of gorgeous naked whores. I took a deep breath and stepped up to the next girl.

It was an insanely pretty faced bleached-blonde 18-year-old with pigtails and big fake tits. She held her pussy-lips open for me to slide my cock up, which I did, to the hilt, making her moan with pleasure. It was so fucking amazing, that I knew I just couldn't let the girls down, and that I was gonna make it or die trying.

Cunt after cunt I fucked the beauties. Occasionally, I slid it up a girl's asshole, but this was turning out to be a mainly Pink affair. Pair of titties after pair of titties I squeezed and sucked gently, each and every one a girl I'd never seen before in my life. And each and every one a girl so hot that I would have clicked on all of her pics, loaded my computer up with viruses until it was destroyed, and busted a thousand nuts over, in a heartbeat if I'd had the chance. But just look at me now! Whoo! I thought to myself in egotistical triumph, as I pistoned my sizeable shaft in and out of one gorgeous busty babe's hot, tight snatch after another's.

Finally, an insanely, heavenly, surreal, forty seven hours later, I was nearing the end of the last line of naked girls.

I lifted this particular babe's shapely thigh up over my shoulder. I was weak, but determined. My cock was still as hard as steel. 

She guided it up her lubed asshole, then her pussy, and I fucked her gently, if briefly, meanwhile squeezing her massive fake tits.

Finally, I came to the last babe. I had her squat down on all fours. I had her spread her own ass open for my cock. Her asshole looked up at me like the centre of a mandala. I slapped my cock along the crack of her bum, before shoving it up her shitter to the root. I fucked her hard and fast, making her cum hard. Then I pulled out and slid it back up her tight, lubed pussy and began fucking her hard and fast. 

The announcement system gently came to life as Veronique's voice told the one thousand babes over the gentle, sexy ambient music that I'd successfully fucked them all. 

The hangar erupted into deafening applause and the cheers of young women. I imagined it sounded like being inside a tsunami, as my balls slapped this last gorgeous babe's mons as I thrust deep into her cunt repeatedly. 

She came again amidst the deafening racket, and I pulled out. I raised both my arms up in triumph as Veronique came in from a doorway to kiss and meet me.

I left the hangar in her arms for a much needed shower and rest in a huge, comfortable bed with silk sheets.