 "Where the fuck have you been, Paul??" It was the teasing girlish voice of a gorgeous bleached-blonde babe with a killer slim body and big fake tits, dressed in a white bra and panties. There were three babes sitting together on the enormous bed, all wearing just their underwear. The girls were all heavily made up and hot as all fucking hell. They were all still fairly young, too: 22, 23 and 25 as I'd read earlier in their profiles.

"Yeah, we've missed you!" teased another of them, a brunette also with a slim body and big fake tits.

"We've been talking about you, and none of us has forgotten you. So where the fuck have you been??" added the last one playfully; another bleached-blonde, very tall and slender with yet another set of big fake tits.

"Well if you mean, where'd I get the money to pay for all this, it's actually quite a weird story. Basically, I discovered a priceless sunken treasure back in 2008. Since then, I've been fucking supermodels every day, practicing my hobbies, that's all, really. So, hang on- you must be Jessica, Jessica Cotrelli?"

"Yes!"

"And you're Julia Brightman?"

"Yes, Baby!"

"Beth, Beth Nuhaus??"

"Hello, Paul!"

"Goddamn, it's good to see you girls again. And... especially under these most auspicious of circumstances," I smiled lustily, my dick growing in plain sight, my silk bathrobe hanging open as usual.

"You never had any of us, back in college, did you Paul?" asked Julia, her hand wandering down to her pussy to caress it through her white panties.

"No. But I've always wanted to, though; me and about a 1000 other guys, I'm sure!" I said smiling.

"Well," said Beth, approaching me, "I'm glad we're together now," and she kissed me passionately, her hand meandering down to caress my hard cock. I palmed her huge, perfect apple-ass, just as I'd always dreamed of doing, and gave it a delicious squeeze. I was a schoolboy in heaven!

"The price your man offered us..." Jessica said, "I mean, I just want to say thank you!"

"That's alright," I said pulling off of Beth and sitting down on the edge of the bed, "You can thank me better, Jessica, by squeezing some of that KY all over my dick."

Jessica complied, smiling seductively. 

"Get behind me please, Jess. Yeah, like that. Now reach around and jerk me off into Julia's mouth. Fuck yeah, just like that!... Oh yeah, man!"

The girls followed my commands happily and it was the best goddamn reunion I'd never fucking imagined could ever really happen in my whole life.

Jessica sat behind me, reaching around and jerking-off my lubed-up dick. Julia knelt in front of me on the soft carpeted floor sucking me off, as Jess jerked me off into Julia's mouth. Beth modeled her ass in panties right next to Julia and slowly peeled them down revealing the gorgeous ass that I'd dreamed about and jerked-off to so many times before back in college. 

Jessica's hand slid up and down the two-inches-in-diameter, twelve-inch length of my lubed-up cock with a 'shlop! shlop! shlop!'ing sound. While Julia let out sounds of, "Mmmm!Mmmm! Mmmm!" as she sucked hard on the head.

"Sit on my dick, Beth," I told her.

She did so, my dick sliding easily up her wet cunt to the hilt. 

"Ooooh!" she let out as my dick filled her tight, wet willing womanhood. And she began fucking me, bouncing her ass up and down on my cock at a medium speed. It was fucking heavenly, as you may well imagine!

"Oh my God, girls! You have no idea how long I've dreamed of something like this! Fuck, Beth! Your cunt feels better than I ever imagined." Beth giggled and moaned in a heady mix of pleasure and pride.

The other babes kissed me, stripped, played with their pussies and squeezed their tits as I fucked Beth's dripping wet pussy.

"Suck it now, Jessica!"

Jessica scurried around in front and took my cock into her gorgeous mouth and sucked me hard and fast. I gripped Beth's tits as Jessica sucked m cock.

"Ah, yeah!" I grunted, in sheer bliss. "Now, Beth... I want it up your ass this time."

"Oh, fuck yes, Baby!" She moaned, lubing up her shitter with KY, and sitting back down on my cock, this time letting it slide up her shit-hole rather than her pussy.

"Yes!" I breathed in triumph. "Fuck, you can take a cock, Beth!" I thought briefly upon the joys of being obscenely rich.

Beth bounced her ass and slid her asshole up and down along the length of my cock enthusiastically, like the whore that she now was. Her big fake tits bounced up and down like crazy, slapping against her chest as she fucked me hard. 

Several minutes later, she came, her pussy gushing all over her thighs, her asshole gripping my fucking dick.

"Julia!" I commanded, "I want it up your ass, now!"

She lubed-up her bum first with KY, then took Beth's place sitting on my cock, with it shoved up her asshole, and bounced up and down on my cock like a fucking basketball. Fuck!!! was all I could think. Eventually, she came, too, her pussy also gushing everywhere, and her asshole smasming around my oh-so-fucking-lucky shaft.

Almost unable to bear the intense pleasure, I managed to say, "Jessica, now you, I want it up your asshole, Babe."

She lubed up her shit-box and sat down on my dick, letting it slide deep up inside of her hot, tight arse. She bounced up and down and fucked my cock hard up her ass until she also came. Her pussy flowed a blast of fuck-juice all over the floor and her already tight ass gripped my cock even harder, like a fucking anal-vice.

I then had all the girls lay on the bed spread eagle. Their completely smooth waxed-bald pussies glistened with KY and their own sex-juices. I fucked each one up her cunt with my twelve-inch dick making them each cum again in turn. They don't call me 'Ironwood' for nothing...

Then I straddled the girls' pretty faces one by one and fucked their gorgeous lipstick'd mouths with my dick. Each one seemed to suck cock better than the next. They were beautiful beyond compare, in a very 'natural, unrehearsed' sort of way compared to the professional prostitutes I was in the habit of fucking. It was intense not least of all because of all the memories and dreams that I'd had of them in the past. It was truly the living out of a sexual fantasy that few men ever get to experience. ...Just imagine fucking three of the hottest prom queens from college which you had huge crushes on- all at once, no less! 

Finally, I had them all kneel before me and say 'Ah!' for my cum.

I jerked my sizeable rod, my hand a blur, staring down into the gorgeous faces of my top-three unrequited college crushes, until I blasted stream after thick stream of hot, gooey cum all over their faces, in their mouths and hair, on their tits and bodies, onto the floor...

"Fuck yeah!!!" I cried as I came, painting the girls with stream after stream of cum.

The girls were all making a sustained, "Aaaaah!" sound, catching my cum in their open mouths, like in a porno.

Spent, and out of breath I managed, "Thank you, girls! Thank you so much! You have no idea what this means to me..." I leaned in and snapped a few Polaroids of the four of us before retiring to take a shower. 

The gorgeous cum-covered trio from my past smiled brightly at me as I left them there in a web of my own fresh cum. 

They'd all be rich for life from now on because of this one trick.