 [This story is a stand alone read, but it is part three of a trilogy. This story is also an unadulterated attempt to tickle male fantasies, and perhaps some female fantasies as well. As such, the story may or may not totally conform to reality. All locations, events, and characters are fictitious and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.]

*****

I hope you remember me, Patty Jenkins, freshman softball player at State University. I sat on the bench until I hit the winning two run homer in the last inning with two outs and a count of three balls and two strikes. This was at the end of only my second freshman game as a last minute, pinch hitter. The nine first stringers "baptized" me as an official Puma team member in a memorable way in the showers after that game. Then, on my way out of the gym to go home, Coach O'Leary offered me a proposition I couldn't refuse. 

When I accepted that proposition by offering a first payment installment, coach was left a little short of the full installment. After hitting three homers for a total of five runs in the wild win of my third game the next week, coach got another installment of his payment. This time, he was a little more satisfied with his end of the bargain.

The team had all finished showering and left, except for Steffee. She had lingered behind, eyeing me. As I grabbed my gym bag, she arched her eyebrows in an unspoken request to "get it on," as we had a week earlier. 

I replied, "Sorry, Steffee, but I have a contract installment due in five minutes." 

She gave me a knowing wink and sad smile of disappointment as she walked out. Now for that installment payment! As I walked towards the coaching offices, I thought about how our black coach of a white women's team (except for black Steffee) got a name like O'Leary. None of the team knew the answer and all coach would ever say to anyone is that it was a long story. 

My first installment payment on coach's offer saw me take the dominate, almost dominatrix role with him. I do not know why or how this happened because I am normally quite reserved and shy, allowing others to take the lead. I sucked him off and he shot his load all over my naked pussy mound, but he got nothing else from me that first time except a long show of my naked assets. 

But now, I wanted a more "fulfilling" piece of that black fuck stick of his. That should make him happier this time. This line of thought had my nipples twitching and my pussy itching by the time I walked in the door to Coach O'Leary's office and found him standing in front of his desk with a bulge of anticipation already growing down his trouser leg!

My first words were, "Hi! Step out of that foot gear and lose the pants and underwear. NOW! I want to see that fucking cannon of yours up and twitching in a blur!" 

Coach jumped to comply. His only remaining clothing was his athletic department T shirt. 

"Now sit on the corner of your desk like last time," I barked at him. 

Once again I made him watch as I repeated the same slow strip and tease that had so enthralled him the first time. First, off came my sweat shirt, slow and easy to reveal, inch by inch, a braless pair of tits. As I began to reveal my nipples, they erected with an almost, but not quite, loud "boing!" I finally got the thing all the way off and dangled it, swaying slowly back and forth at the end of my extended arm before I finally dropped in on the floor. My boobs were also swaying back and forth quite freely with the nipples now pointing straight out at Coach.

And yes, my slow wiggling descent of my sweat pants eventually revealed that I was also sans panties or thong. As my mound began to appear and reveal that it was indeed unshaven, like the last time, Coach's monster black snake nearly broke out of his sweats! If you happen to remember from my first meeting with Coach, I measured him at over fourteen inches when erect.

Once I lost my pants, I began briskly rubbing my pussy, smearing leaking pussy juice all over my cunt lips and so that my lips and mound twinkled and gleamed back at him in the light. His black cock really was twitching in high gear now. A straight back and arm less chair was sitting three feet away. 

"Stand up and lose your sweats, bottoms first and then the top," I barked at Coach. 

As he dropped his pants, he revealed that he was also sans underwear. I suppose it was in anticipation of our meeting, but what the hell! That monstrous black snake was standing tall and erect, pulsing with a restrained fury, aching to be let loose in my pussy. Coach removed his sweat top almost in the blink of an eye. Boy, was he ever an eager beaver!

"Sit in the damned chair, now, and spread em".

I walked over to him, turned around, and set my pussy bulls eye on top of his cock head. Coach tried to thrust up and in, but I raised my pussy up to prevent that. I only allowed his cock head to just touch my slit and cunt lips, before evading his thrusting. 

"Quit that, right now!" I yelled at him, "I'll tell you when you can move that cock or anything else! Understand?"

"Yes," he managed to mumble.

"Yes, WHAT?"

"Yes, boss," he rasped.

"NO! not boss, MISSTRESS! MISSTRESS! Got that now?"

"Yes, Mistress," was his correct reply.

"That's right, buster, in matters sexual, it is mine to command and yours to OBEY! Get it?"

"Yes, Mistress!" was his sharp, crisp reply this time.

I grabbed that big black dong with one hand and began to wipe it back and forth from back to front to back of my gash. His cock was leaking and along with my leaking pussy juice, I soon had more than enough lubrication to easily drop dead center over it down to his balls. 

"Grab my tits with your hands and play with them," I ordered.

"Yes, Misstress!" he replied with alacrity.

Coach's huge paws each fell just short of covering my big boobs, but he knew what to do with them. He could squeeze, rub, tweak, and caress with the best of them. Meanwhile, I stroked my clit and the exposed part of that big dick as I slid up and down on it. My other hand was squeezing and pulling on coach's big balls. Much as I wanted to ride that dick until I came, I called a halt and uncoupled.

"My God, why d..."

"SHUT YOUR MOUTH! You speak only when told or asked to do so, GOT IT?"

"Yes, Misstress!"

"Good, don't forget again or I will have to punish you good."

I stood up as I said, "I am going to lean over this desk, and I want you to take me in my pussy from behind. Play with my tits some more with one hand and my clit with the other while you fuck me!" 

I leaned over and coach stepped up behind me. I felt that big black fuck stick move up and down my slit. The cock head began to sink deeper and deeper into my cunt crack. I spread my legs some more just as coach put his knob dead center on target. With one, strong push, coach was half way in. 

The second strong push put that pulsing monster in as deep as he could for the very first time. He was well short of balls deep. I just couldn't take all of that black snake in. My cervix still must have been displaced quite a bit to accommodate what I was able to take of that cock. 

I will most likely be sore as hell tomorrow from the banging that cock was giving me! 

As coach thrust in and out, I could feel his balls slap up against the side of my legs at the bottom of each thrust. They couldn't get all the way to my ass. Coach began to pick up the tempo until he was really whizzing that big dick in and out in a blur. 

He was really working up a sweat, it was pouring off him onto my back. The slap, slap, slap, of his balls on my legs was really loud now, and his fuck stick was really making squishing and squashing sounds with all the cum and sweat flowing freely.

I suddenly screamed out, "STOP, RIGHT NOW, you fucker. BACK UP!" 

Coach stopped dead in his tracks in complete surprise at the tone and volume of my voice. He was speechless for a moment or two before he found his voice again.

"You can't be serious," he whimpered." "I'm about to..." 

"BACK OFF! And SHUT UP! You spoke out of turn, you bad boy you, and now you will be punished! "Down on the floor on your belly, and be damned quick about it!" 

Coach stumbled his way down to the floor only to hear me mockingly say, "That was a bit too slow, coach, you will have to pay." 

"Twenty lashes, with a wet 'noodle'."

I stood in front of him where he could see me and picked up a pair of new shoe strings for athletic shoes from Coach's desk top and pulled them out of their sleeve. I slowly and dramatically pulled them both through my juice soaked pussy slit, back and forth for a full minute as his watching eyes glazed with lust. 

"Watch, you black fucker, watch and contemplate your cumming punishment, Don't you dare take your eyes off my pussy until I tell you to!" 

"Yes, Misstress!"

The helmet head of Coach's black, one eyed monster was sticking out from his side underneath him. It was pulsing and twitching like it was about to blast off for the moon. I picked up a small stick with a hook on the end, used to pull down a wall hung movie screen and tied the shoelaces to the hook. 

I flicked that jury rigged and pussy juice soaked whip across his back. I did it a little too hard and the plastic ferruled ends of the laces left pretty good slashes in his hide.

"OOWW!" 

"Quiet, or you get even more than the twenty lashes," I barked.

"Yes, Misstress!"

I continued with the lashing, but much more gently as I got the feel for how hard to flick the thing. Long before the end of the twenty lashes, Coach's cock was spitting cum and not precum either!

Next, I held the whip in one hand and allowed my nails on the other hand to rake his back pretty hard, drawing a thin line of blood with one nail and slight, red abrasions with the others. 

"Alright, now roll over,"

I dropped one end of the cum soaked shoe strings on his lips and said, "Taste it, slave!"

He mouthed the ends and I immediately drew the string down his chin and then began to drag in in trail down his chest, very, very slowly, inch by inch with a wicked grin on my face. 

When I reached his one eyed monster, I twined the string around the shaft and drew it slowly upwards. Cum was still flowing some as I drew the string off and began to give that fuck stick gentle but stinging whips with it. This was too much for his aching balls and cock and coach, with hips heaving and thrusting, blasted off for the moon! 

I though my action would deflate and tease him. So much for that idea! Cock cream shot four feet, straight up in the air. Then all that cock cream fell back down all over coach's pubic region and lower abdomen. He just moaned. He knew better by now than to speak out of turn.

I saw a flicker of shadow on the wall in front of me and whirled around, startled, to see coach's white assistant standing on the other side of the hallway window to the office. His cock was out (a nice one, too!) and he was stroking furiously as he watched with a look of such heat and lust on his face, I thought he would melt the window. 

The office door had been left open, so he could hear when I yelled at him, "How long have you been out there?" 

"Too long." he replied, "Since I saw Jack rip off his sweats, ah, Mistress!"

Hmmmmm, another one who wants to be dominated. Well, I will be more than glad to accommodate him!

"Well, you just stop what you are doing there, immediately, and come in here then, slave." 

He waddled in around into the room with his pants at his ankles and his erection poking out straight in front of his belly. Precum was freely bubbling out his circumcised cock head, glistening brightly in the office light. 

"You're awfully slow, aren't you? Lose the clothes the rest of it, socks and all, and be damned quick about it!" 

"Yes, Misstress!"

He moved a little faster this time, anxious to take part in the action he'd been witnessing. 

When he was naked, I yelled, "You're still to slow! For punishment, you can lick slave Jack clean! Get on it, NOW and FAST." 

This time the now, slave Jim, jumped quickly to comply. I handed coach Jim the shoestring whip and told him, "Get this soaked first, before you get him clean, then give it back to me."

"Yes, Misstress!"

Slave Jim got the strings well coated and handed the whip back to me. He proceeded to lick Slave Jack's belly clean. After finishing that, he hesitated. 

I yelled at him, "YES, do his big cock too, get on with it, NOW!" 

So, Slave Jim began to, reluctantly at first, lick and suck slave Jack's big, one eyed monster slick and clean. He appeared to enjoy the task more and more as he progressed in the job. 

As he finished, I said, "Now, both of you, stand up and face each other." 

Slave Jim's white cock was smaller than Slave Jack's by about half, but that still left him with between six and seven inches of man meat. It was also thinner than Slave Jack's. This created the allusion that Slave Jim's was almost as long as Slave Jack's cock. Slave Jim had not shot his wad yet, but he was drooling cock cream in large drops onto the floor and barely able to contain the building pressure in his balls. Slave Jack was once again fully erect, his cock bobbing up and down and pulsating with his heartbeat.

"Here is the game, slaves. You will each take one end of this string and place it in your mouth. Then you will each begin to gobble on the string to see who can get the most if not ALL of the string in his mouth. Understand, slaves?" 

"Yes," They both chorused in unison. 

"Yes, WHAT, you fucking SLAVES?" 

"Yes, MISTRESS," they again screamed in unison! 

"And don't you dare drop that string on the floor, slaves." 

"YES, MISTRESS." 

"All right, slaves, here is the string, get on with it!"

"YES MISTRESS!" 

Each took an end of the shoe string and began to try to gobble up the slippery mess. I stood there, rubbing my pussy with one hand and my tits with the other. My nipples were standing at full attention. My middle finger found my cunt hole and plunged in. Then a second, and then a third, and finally, a fourth finger went in and worked overtime inside my pussy. 

Barely containing my orgasm seeking release, I managed to stammer, "I want a double fuck, one white dick and one Black dick and the winner of your contest gets his choice, my front door or my back door, so get on with it, slaves. And you need to pump yourself while you're at it, NOW!"

Both slaves immediately began using one of their hands to pump their fuck stick as they continued trying to gobble string. They both hd a fair amount of difficulty trying to get much of that very slippery string in their mouths. Slave Jack gained on Slave Jim, gobbling madly. 

Without warning, Slave Jim bit down hard and yanked his head back. He got all the shoestring and quickly filled his mouth with the dangling end. I, meanwhile, was shuddering in the orgasm iI could no longer contain and squirting pussy juice all down my thighs and onto the floor.

"Good boy, slave Jim, you win. For your reward, you can poke my pussy for three strokes with your fuck stick. No more, just three. I don't want you cumming yet."

"Yes, Mistress."

I lay back over the desk, feet and legs dangling off the end and Slave Jim stepped between them and drove his pole balls deep in one thrust. Two more strokes and I pushed him back, his cock popping out with loud, squishy pop. His disappointed groan was loud, but he wisely said nothing, But he resumed a slow stroking of himself as Slave Jack was doing. 

"All right, slaves, stop jackin' and cum here!" 

"Yes Mistress!" 

I walked up to Slave Jim and said, "You're the winner, which hole do you want?" 

"Front, please, Mistress, your pussy, I liked the sample." 

"Cut the commentary, Slave, just answered what is needed."

"Yes, Mistress."

I got to my knees in front of him and said, "Ok, but I want some of that man meat first. AND, DON'T YOU DARE, cum before I fuck you. CLEAR?" 

"YES, MISTRESS," he replied, crisply.

I began to suck and lick his dick. I swallowed the leaking cream as I went along. I knew from his window watching and what happened since, that Jim had to be very close to blowing his load, so I stopped sooner than I wanted to. 

I had Slave Jack get on the floor again, and with my back facing him, I settled my back door down on his black snake monster, but not before telling him to lube it up with the juices on my pussy. I pumped up and down a few times and then laid back on his chest, taking my weight on my elbows. 

"You keep still and don't fucking move that fuck stick 'til I tell you to!"

"Yes, Mistress."

"All right, Slave Jim, now you mount me and put it in the front door!" 

"Yes, Mistress," he answered crisply again. 

"Lube up first." 

"Yes, Mistress!" 

Slave Jim proceeded to rub his cock up and down my slit for some time, leaking cream the whole time and driving me into a near frenzy of lust. 

"Put it in before you blow, stupid slave!"

"Yes, Mistress," said my slave as he placed his cock head into my slit at the entrance to my love canal and paused.

Slave Jim's cock was pulsing so hard, I thought it would literally explode like a nuclear weapon, before he could blow his load into me. 

He arched his back and thrust in to his balls and then did explode in orgasm with that first thrust, shuddering and bucking! Shit, I wanted more of that white cock yet. 

That triggered Slave Jack into his orgasm and he filled my back channel with cock cream, what he had left, anyway.

Then I exploded again, into multiple orgasms that went on for fully five minutes in an almost continuous roll. We all collapsed in a heap, gasping and struggling for breath, Jack still on the bottom. 

At last I said, "All right, slaves, lets get up, I have one last task for you two, so I want you recovered and hard again as quickly as possible. MOVE, NOW!" 

A chorus of, "YES, MISTRESS," was followed by Slave Jim backing out with a loud sucking sound and going to a chair. I then got up and and rose off Slave Jack's dick which also departed with a loud wet sounding pop. He just lay there on the floor, breathing hard.

It took some time for the two studs to get their juices flowing again and their fuck sticks once again at attention and ready for duty. I was amazed that they could do so as quickly as the did, since they had both had quite a workout so far. 

"All right, Slave Jack, you stay where you are on the floor. I am going to take the same position I just had, but I want your big fuck stick in my pussy." 

"Yes, Mistress." 

I straddled him, again with my back to him, and lubed up his dried cum covered cock, once more by rubbing it over my slit again. We were all three nearly dry again as all the cum juices had all but dried on our bodies, but there was some and I mixed a little spittle with it as well. There was still a fair amount of mixed cream inside my pussy, so I slid rather my pussy easily down onto that one eyed monster again. 

I laid back on Slave Jack's chest and said, "Ok, Slave Jim, now you join your cock with Slave Jack's, IN MY PUSSY! I want both of you in there at the same time." 

"YES, MISTRESS!" 

Slave Jim slicked his cock up with spit and straddled the two of us on the floor. He also rubbed his cock head up and down my slit. My clit was getting a lot of attention as he did this. I was already shivering and shuddering again. 

"NOW, slave, before I cum!" 

"Yes Mistress!" 

Slave Jim had a quite a bit of difficulty getting his cock started in my hole with Slave Jack already in there, but he finally managed to do so. When he did, he thrust slowly in underneath Jack's cock and we were off and running with a double, vaginal penetration of one white and one Black cock that immediately blasted me off into orbit yet again. 
