 She was a naughty, naughty woman, and she knew it. This time she wondered if she went too far. Had her mouth gotten her into trouble, or pleasure? She had no idea yet, but took a deep breath and started the car. As she drove to the meeting spot her mind wandered...

Patty had lived a normal boring life for a long time. She had the hubby, the kids, the job, and the house. Everything a good girl should. She also had one hell of a boring sex life. Sometimes she wondered if her husband had gotten religious and decided sex was only for procreation. She had always wanted to explore more options, but her hubby was too vanilla, and wouldn't give her what she wanted. The only thing holding her back was the fear of pregnancy, but now that barrier was broken. She has been having more and more fun lately on the side.

Now, she had decided to push her limits. She had explored multiple partners, women, men, toys, even some S&M. She had enjoyed it all. Now she was going to the next level. One of her 'friends' had been talking about glory holes and she said she was interested as a passing comment. Now that same friend told her he found a better option, and asked if she was game. She immediately said yes, but now was having second thoughts.

She got dressed as he asked her to- a loose fitting shirt that showed cleavage, a loose bra, a short skirt, and no panties. She felt like a street walker, but was getting very wet at the idea. When she pulled into the parking lot, she saw his car and immediately relaxed- she knew as long as he was there it would be OK.

She parked the car and got out. He met her there with a big hug and kiss. He also patted her ass and was very pleased she was came dressed as asked. He asked her again if she was ready, and she told him "Oh yeah!"

They walked into the small office of the theater, and greeted the guy at the counter. He flattered her by asking for ID to make sure she was over 18, told them to enjoy, and the new movie was starting soon. He took her hand and led her into the dark theater.

It was virtually silent except for the on screen moaning and grunting. The lighting was very low, and there were a few guys just standing around the entrance. They all immediately started looking her up and down like a piece of meat. She knew she should be repulsed, but was getting even wetter. As her friend took her hand, he led her into the actual theater. It was a medium sized room with a big projection TV showing a porn DVD. There were about 20 or so guys scattered around the theater and 2 sections walled off so you couldn't see when you walked in, but could from the front of the theater.

He led her to the 1st row in front of the wall, and had her sit in the last seat in the row. He sat next to her. As she looked around, she saw even more eyes on her. Her friend started rubbing his crotch, and leaned over to ask her if she was ready. She licked her lips and nodded.

He leaned over and kissed her deeply. His hand came up and fondled her tit. She put her hand to his crotch and felt his hard on. She could hear people coming closer, but couldn't see. Next thing she knew, her friend stood up. He unzipped his pants, and put his cock in her face. She immediately started sucking it. He reached down, and pulled her tits out of her shirt through the neck. As she sucked, he pinched and rolled her nipples.

She was so intent on sucking, that she barely noticed a 2nd set of hands on her tits. She felt them and looked, and there was this big black man sitting next to her now. He bent his head and started biting her tits, and reached under her skirt to feel her wet pussy. As she sucked her friend, he bit and fingered her. She reached her other hand down, and found his cock out too, and started to jerk it. Her friend was close to cumming, and said it out loud, so everyone turned to look. She waited for it, and swallowed his load like a champ.

That was all it took for the floodgates to open. Her friend she was jerking stood up and shoved his cock in her mouth. Two more cocks appeared by her tits, and she jerked them. She felt a tongue between her legs and scooted down so she could be eaten. People had their hands all over her. One of the cocks she was jerking spit on her tits. The one in her mouth came, and after a few spurts pulled out to cum all over her face. A guy nearby had been jerking himself off, and stepped up to cum on her too. Soon she was getting very sticky and gooey.

The guys just kept cumming. She lost track of how many dicks she sucked, but at one point had 3 going at once. She would just suck one for a few, turn her head and suck another, and then the other. The guys were jerking off in between sucking, so some came in her mouth, some on her face, and a lot on her tits. They also seemed to like eating her pussy, because she always felt either fingers or a tongue there. One guy tried to fuck her, but her friend stopped him, and said this time it was just oral. She was a little disappointed, but knew he was probably right.

The strangest combo she got was the last. Some guy told her to tilt her head back, and when she did there was his cock. But as she sucked, she kept feeling a strange pushing. When she turned her head she realized it was because he was getting fucked up the ass while she was sucking him. When he came, he kept cumming so much he overflowed her mouth and hit the guy eating her pussy. No one seemed to care.

By the time she realized it, she had been there for almost two hours. Her jaw was sore, and her nipples hurt. Even her pussy was starting to get sore. Her friend helped her stand up and put herself back together. He even stood outside the bathroom so she could clean up enough to drive. She washed her face, and there was cum everywhere. She just cared to clean her eyes and nose so she could see and breathe to drive.

When she came out she must have been a funny sight. Her clothes were soaked, her hair matted, and she was so sore she was almost limping. Her friend walked her to the car and gave her another kiss. He then stepped back and made the joke of the day..."Patty, you are caked with cum!" She couldn't wait for next time...