 * This is a joint effort by ruggerolastruc and simaddict. 

* This story is fiction and any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. 

* All characters in it are eighteen years old or older.

* Civil comments and feedback are welcome but insulting, flaming remarks will be deleted. Thank you. 

******

This story continues the account of my very pretty young wife Paula, myself (Andrew) and our classy but lusty neighbor lady, Blanche. The lusty neighbor lady has started reliving her libertine lifestyle through my young wife Paula, teaching her to live a lusty lifestyle patterned after her own and enjoying Paula's sexual antics vicariously. 

I was stretched out on our bed, watching my young wife pull her dress up over her head to get ready for bed. I was thrilled at the sight of her beautiful tanned body as always, but every time I see her she looks more beautiful than before. I was surprised to see she was without panties under her dress. 

"But, Dear, you weren't wearing your panties today?" I asked so surprised. 

"Well, no, Andrew Dear, Blanche told me not to wear panties any more. I hope you don't mind, but it does feel more daring and adventurous, like she said, when I don't wear them." 

"Yes, I suppose it would," I exclaimed. "If the wind blows your skirt up everyone will see all that you have under your dress without them." 

"But it's that danger that makes it so arousing and stimulating, you see." 

"Do you want everyone to see your nakedness?" I asked in disbelief.

"No, no, no, of course not," she stated. "It's just the thought that at any given moment an accident could happen and I could let someone see my nakedness that gets me excited." 

I understood what she was saying for the idea of her going without panties and her nakedness could accidentally be seen by others was exciting to me as well. I laid there with my five and a half inch cock throbbing wildly with my every heartbeat. Paula laid down on the bed by my side and lovingly took hold of my throbbing erection. 

"Is it alright if I satisfy you with my mouth tonight, Darling?" she asked me. "I was with Blanche all day today and we fingered, licked and rubbed each other all afternoon. Just before I came home to fix your supper for you, she fucked me soundly with her strap-on dildo. So you see, I'm totally satisfied tonight, but I would like to give my husband a blow job at least. For someone with small equipment, you can deliver a good load of seed, and you can cum as fast as you want to. It's alright." 

My young wife would go down on me for a bit before we had sex, but until now she wouldn't have me cum in her mouth. I relished the idea of her using her mouth to satisfy me so I laid back and eagerly awaited the arrival of her beautiful red lips on my throbbing member. I moaned with pleasure terribly loud as her warm mouth engulfed my rigid cock.

"Did Blanche give you this idea to do this?" I inquired.

Paula bounced her head and without taking me out of her mouth and made a sound that sounded like, "Uh hum." Paula did things to my cock she never had done before and which felt wonderful to me. She licked it up and down like a sweet taffy and sucked my balls into her mouth to lave them with her tongue. She took me into her mouth as far as I could go, then swallowed hard and took the remaining inch or two of my hard, stiff cock into her throat and her nose was pressed hard against my pubic hair. It didn't take long before she had me cumming in her mouth like I never had cum before. She greedily swallowed every drop of cum that I pumped into her red-lipped mouth to my surprise and delight. 

"Um, you taste good too, but I can tell you've been eating a lot of salami because I taste a hint of garlic in you," she said as she smacked her lips, tasting me. 

"Paula! What do you mean, I taste good TOO? Have you tasted another man besides me?" I asked quite shocked. 

Paula blushed from head to toe and with a soft voice answered me. "Yes, Dear, I have, but let me explain before you become upset with me. Blanche has been telling me how good a man's seed tasted and wanted me to experience it for myself. You know how insistingly influential she can be at times without being domineering. I told her I took you into my mouth as foreplay when we made love but I never let you cum in my mouth. She chided me and insisted I swallow cum the next chance I had. "There is no better taste in the world. Once you do it, you will not be able to go without it. It becomes addictive," she said 

Well, Fr. Bernardi came by to visit with Blanche a few minutes after that. She explained my situation to the Father and she had me practice on him so I could learn to do it well. Surely you can't be jealous of Fr. Bernardi for doing something purely academic. After all, you did reap the benefit from my lessons here tonight." 

My jealous feelings were washed away and were replaced by feelings of arousal as I listened to my lovely wife's story. I assured her that I wasn't jealous but I wanted to hear the whole story as it happened. Though I had just cum a load in my wife's pretty red-lipped mouth, my cock was beginning to stir to life once again, being held in her lovely hand and titilated by her randy words. 

"Please tell me everything you did. I want to hear all about your sexy adventures today," I begged. 

"Well," Paula began, "we were sunbathing while totally naked in Blanche's garden as usual when she again began talking about how much she loved giving head. She said she absolutely loved the taste of a man's seed and how every man tasted just a little bit different. "It was just liquid protein so it was nothing to hurt you," she told me. Blanche asked me if I liked giving head but I had to confess I had never done so to completion, but my interest was greatly peaked about it."

"It was then Fr. Benardi came to the door for a visit. We slipped on our robes and sat in the formal lounge to talk with him. It wasn't long until Blanche mentioned that I was totally inexperienced at fellatio and asked the good Father if he could give me some pointers since that knowledge was important to a young woman's marriage. He agreed and said he could grant total absolution since it would be done as marriage counseling. 

Blanche got on her knees in front of Fr. Bernardi and freed his stiff manhood from its confines. I knelt beside her as she explained and demonstrated the acts of oral pleasure on a man which she would then have me try for practical experience. I wanted to learn all I could so I buried all feelings of timidity and bashfulness. I surprised them both with my willingness to learn and how fast I picked up on all the sensual moves of oral pleasure on a man. I was soon rewarded with a great amount of cum juice delivered in my mouth by the jerking, throbbing spasms of his stiff cock. There was so much of the slippery juice that some of it escaped out the corners of my mouth before I could swallow it all which Blanche licked off quite hurriedly," she finished.

"You must thank Blanche for her interest in your well being," I told my lovely wife as she again took my throbbing cock into her mouth.

"Yes," she paused sucking long enough to say. "Blanche told him I was looking for employment and he said he needed a secretary at the church/ school/convent in town. If I was interested I should stop by and see him tomorrow. But you know, Dear, he may want to check up on me from time to time to make sure I haven't forgotten the things he and Blanche showed me about pleasing a man with my mouth. Will that be alright with you, Darling? You wouldn't be jealous of Fr. Bernardi for trying to look out after me, would you?" 

"Will you tell me all that happens and not try to hide anything from me? You know how Blanche insists on us being honest with each other." 

"I have always told you everything I did, and I never hid anything from you, Darling. If I take the job at the church, I'll continue to be honest with you. You should know that." 

"I know, my dear wife, I trust you to keep within the limits and to conduct yourself with propriety and discretion," I moaned as I shot another load of cum into her pretty mouth, causing her to swallow hard to consume it all. 

"Um, Darling, Blanche said swallowing cum is addictive and I'm beginning to see what she means now. I love it so much, I can hardly wait for my next load. Um...Be sure to tell me the next time you want to be satisfied by my mouth." 

"You can swallow as much cum juice as you like," I said in elation of the prospect, for I loved it too.

"Thank you, Darling, I'm so glad you understand," she said happily. I began to wonder very much about her last statement. What did she mean by what she said? 

The next day while I was at work, I could hardly keep my mind on my tasks as I was engrossed in thoughts of what Paula was doing. Did she get the job? What was she doing at the moment? My thoughts disturbed me a bit but I was also greatly turned on when I thought about Paula wearing no panties while working around strange people. What if the wind should blow? What if she should sit carelessly at just the wrong moment? I wished I could be there to watch her, but then, she told me she would tell me everything. When I anxiously arrived home from work I was greeted by a very cheerful Paula.

"My, my, what has got you so cheerful, my little wife?" I smiled. "Did you start working at your new job?" 

"Oh, YES, Dear. I worked half a day this morning. I even have my own little office all to myself," she gushed. 

"Was Fr. Bernardi there?" I asked trying not to sound jealous or too inquisitive. 

"No, he was out but I met the Mother Superior who showed me around the school and the convent." 

"Oh," I said softly.

"But, Dear, aren't you glad I got the job? Maybe we can afford a few extras now." 

"Yes, of course I'm glad you got the job! I'm sorry Darling, I was hoping for a spicy story and feel a little disappointed that you don't have one is all." 

"I do have a little one. The Mother Superior likes girls. I could tell by the way she looked at me, you know. When she showed me my office I bent way over at the waist to look into a bottom drawer while wearing this short skirt. Do you want to see what she saw while standing behind me?" 

"Oh, yes, I'm dying to see it." 

Paula bent way over to show me what she looked like to the Mother Superior and then stood up giggling. My eyes bugged out when her short skirt rode way up in the back showing the bottom part of her round, firm ass cheeks and a hint of her pussy lips peeking out between the round globes since she was wearing no panties. I was speechless. 

"That's the same look on your face that Mother Superior had," she giggled like a naughty schoolgirl. "Do you think she liked what she saw?" 

"Paula, you are such a tease, you put everyone around you in a state!" I exclaimed. "The poor Mother Superior was made speechless by your great beauty. But then that's what I love about you. You are so sexy, you're enough to make everyone's blood boil who sees you." 

"I want you to make love to me tonight, Andrew. I didn't get to see Blanche today as usual so I'm really horny tonight," she told me. 

"I'll do my best to satisfy you, my love, but with only five-and-a-half inches you must make allowances for me." 

"You're able satisfy me with your cock, Andrew," she urged me. "It's only when you cum too soon that leaves me high and dry with no orgasm that makes me upset with you." 

"That hasn't happened lately since I've learned to control myself much better, but I fall short when compared to other men in the size department, you know." 

"Yes, you are on the small side, but you have enough to satisfy me on a normal basis. I can usually cum all right." 

"But you were so much more pleased with John's big eight inch cock that I'm afraid you might not want me then," I confessed my insecurity.

"Oh, Andrew, don't be silly. I love you and your cock is just fine for normal fare. But a big cock is like a fine dessert, it's a nice treat after the normal meal, that's all. But no one can live on dessert alone. Besides, John is Blanche's old flame, twice my age, and he wouldn't want a youngster like me on a steady basis" 

More at ease with the situation, I laid down on top of Paula whose pussy was as wet as ever. I slid into her with ease and began the up and down movements that would bring her to orgasm. I gritted my teeth and thought about work until I heard Paula moan and felt her shudder under me as she had a good orgasm, then I relaxed and let my orgasm happen, shooting my cum deep in Paula's pussy. I was so happy to please her I kissed her with a thousand kisses.

"Do you work tomorrow, Paula Dear?" 

"Yes, I work Monday to Friday from eight o-clock until my work is all done which could take three to five hours, depending on the amount of work I have."

"You will tell me all if anything happens during the day, won't you?" I asked her.

"Of course I will, Dear, but sometimes I think you want me to do naughty things just so you can hear my juicy story about it." 

"Oh, no, Dear... well, yes, I do as long as it's just a little bit naughty."

"All right then, tomorrow I'll be a little bit naughty just for you." 

The next day at work, as you would suppose, my mind was all in a tizzy. Feelings of stabbing jealousy would dissolve into deep feelings of lust and passion. Not knowing what Paula was doing or who she was with was playing havoc with my mind. It wasn't jealousy so much, but a burning desire to see her and watch what she was doing that so unsettled me. I consoled myself with the knowledge that Paula would tell me everything. I hoped she would anyway; no, I can't think like that. She would; I trusted her to allow me to share in her escapades by telling me all in every detail. After all, Blanche told us that trust must be maintained by being completely honest and open with each other, telling all. Lack of trust will destroy any marriage, she said. 

When I arrived home that day I found a note that told me to come to Blanche's house for my supper. It was an excellent meal prepared by Blanche and we all ate it with gladness and polite conversation. I could tell though, by the twinkle in their eyes, that something was afoot. 

"So what do you think of your beautiful young wife now that she has so much control of everyone around her because of her beauty and allure?" Blanche began. 

Why, what on earth did she mean? I had no idea what she was talking about so I was speechless. 

"Paula, tell Andrew what you told me today so he'll know what we're talking about." 

"Well, Dear," Paula said to me, "I promised you I would be a little bit naughty for you today at work, but it so happened I was very, very naughty today. Don't be angry and I'll tell you all that happened." 

"Well then, I'm all ears; please tell me all," I responded.

"Paula Dear, he's such a good cuckold of a husband, you should appreciate him very much. Go on and tell him all, every sordid detail, withholding nothing." Blanche encouraged her.

"Well, when I arrived at work this morning Fr. Bernardi was out of pocket again. I know he's a busy man so I thought no more about it. I had to go to the school to inquire about some supply usage. The school and convent are connected by a paved path between them, you know. The school hallway has a glass door leading onto the pathway, and I happened to notice Fr. Bernardi hurriedly leaving the convent and coming toward the school. When he entered the glass door I asked him if it was permissible for males to be in the convent. "Only on special occasions," was his reply, then he escorted me to my office to explain things to me.

He sat on the loveseat in my office while I sat on the corner of my desk to allow my legs to dangle tantalizingly in front of him. His eyes traveled up and down my legs, hoping for a glimpse of my panties. The problem there was I wasn't wearing panties, and I struggled with the urge to show him all under my short skirt. 

"Word must not get around, Paula, but there are a couple of novices in the convent with special feminine needs which only I can fulfill," he began. "You understand how it is, don't you, Dear?" 

Realizing he was confessing to having sex with a couple of nuns to me, I slowly and carelessly crossed my legs, letting him see all of me under my short skirt. I smiled at him warmly. You know how I love to tease.

"Worry not, Fr. Bernardi, ears that should not hear of it will never hear it from my lips. You're affairs are a sealed package with me." 

"Oh, thank you, Paula Dear. If there is ever anything I can do for you, please let me know." 

Thinking about you wanting me to be a little naughty, I uncrossed my legs and sat with them partly spread open. I knew he could plainly see at least the top half of my aroused pussy lips, the bottom part being hid by my creamy thighs. 

"Well, there is something I could ask," I said softly. "You know the lessons you gave me at Blanche's house last week? I could use some refreshing as to some of the techniques I learned then."

I got on my knees between his legs as he quickly freed his now hard cock from its confines. He moaned in ecstasy as my mouth engulfed his velvety brown shaft. The tap on the door was so light it was barely audible, and before anyone could answer it, the door swung open. 

In the open doorway stood Mother Superior who, instead of acting angrily with the sight she beheld, she entered my office and closed the door behind her quietly. She quickly knelt and kissed my neck and ears while caressing my back. Since she accepted what we were doing, I went back to work on the Father's cock with my mouth. I raised my skirt high up on my back so Mother Superior was free to indulge herself in any way she pleased with me. Her hands roamed all over my round ass cheeks, squeezing and kneading the smooth globes of flesh with abandon. Desiring to proceed further, her fingers probed between my wet pussy lips, explored deeply within my love tunnel and then massaged my clit so wet with the juices she spread around in me. It felt so good to me I almost forgot about the cock between my lips. 

Fr. Bernardi didn't forget and soon his cock was pumping my mouth full of his slippery joy juice which I greedily swallowed up as fast as I could. Ah, how I love the taste of a man's spunk, and since you have given me your permission to swallow all the spunk I wanted to, I felt free to do so and was so grateful to you for your understanding. But then I kept his cock between my lips to keep it from deflating completely. I started sucking again to see if I could return it to its randy state. 

Mother Superior had replaced her fingers with her tongue and was licking deeply between my ass cheeks and pussy lips which soon caused me to moan loudly and shudder as an intense orgasm took control of my body. She kept licking me slowly until I returned to normal. I stood her up and laid her on top of my desk where I helped myself to raise her skirts high above her waist. Her loose fitting panties came off easily as I slid them down her legs. She was about the same age and size as Blanche and I felt right at home doing all the things with her as I enjoyed with Blanche. My tongue was deep between her wet pussy lips as I drank her copious lubricating juices. I was occupied thus with her when I felt behind me something pressing against my slippery pussy lips. Watching us women, Fr.Bernardi's cock got up again and he was determined to put it to good use between my juicy pussy lips. He was starting to make entry there.

Paula paused to study my reaction to this news, but my cock was so hard Blanche had let it out of my pants and began to suck on my throbbing cock with gusto. 

"Please continue, Paula. I need a load of cum from your willing husband and your story will not hamper that in the least." 
