 At the top of our street begins a trail that wends it way through the hills for miles. I often take a walk there, and this is what I was doing on the day that my story is concerned with.

My husband, Jim, was away on a fishing trip for a few days, taking our two boys, Jamie and Tony with him. Left alone I decided on a walk along the trail for a few hours. I packed some sandwiches and taking a bottle of water, I set out.

It was a beautiful day with the sun shining but not too hot. The leaves on the trees glittered and wild flowers were out everywhere, and I wondered why more people didn't make use of the trail. In all my walks, I only occasionally met others. It seems that people prefer to use exercise bikes and other equipment, instead of getting out of the house and walking in the fresh air.

I had been walking for about an hour and a half when I had the feeling that I was being watched and followed. I looked round a number of times and saw nobody, but the feeling persisted. I put it down to imagination and in any case was not particularly fearful. I had trained in some martial arts and was very fit, and felt confidant I could defend myself if need be.

After a couple of hours and about the point I intended to turn back, I decided on a rest. I sat down on the grass under the shade of a tree, and having eaten my sandwiches, I lay back for a while. I must have dozed off, when I was awakened by a slight sound nearby, I think it was the rustle of a bush.

I thought it might be some small animal, but when I looked up, I saw three boys over 18 years of age standing about ten yards away, looking at me. I was startled, but not scared. I said, "Hello," and the one who seemed the oldest of the three said, "Hi."

Two of them were quite tall and well built, while the third was smaller and looked a little anxious. I got the feeling he might take to his heels and run any moment. All three stood there silent, looking at me.

"Out for a walk?" I asked, in an attempt to break the silence. 

"Sort of," replied the one who had said, "Hi." 

"It's a good day for it," I continued. He gave a sort of snigger and said, "Yeh, a good day for all sorts of things." 

I didn't much care for his manner, but decided to ignore it, and went on, "Going far?"

"Nope," he said, and walked over to me.

There was an air of menace about him, so I said, "Well, I must be on my way." I started to rise, and as I did so he put his hand on my shoulder and pushed me down. I protested loudly at this, "What the hell do you think your doing?" 

"You'll find out," he sneered. 

I went to rise again, but this time I was ready for him. As his hand reached for my shoulder he was slightly off balance. I grabbed his wrist with both hands, twisted, and as he fell, I kicked out at him and made contact with his shin. He squawked as he went down and rolled away grasping his shin.

I was on my feet in a flash and looking at the other two and said quietly, "There's plenty more where that came from, anybody want some of it?" 

They backed off a little, and the small boy said, "Sorry lady, we just wanted to…" 

"Shut up, idiot," snarled the boy on he ground." 

"I know what you wanted," I snapped, "And how much do you think you'd have enjoyed it if you had got what you think you want?"

I felt myself to be in control of the situation, so decided on a bit of bravado. I sat down again and, pointing to a spot a couple of yards in front of me said, "You three, sit down there." 

The boy whose shin I had kicked crawled to where I had pointed, and the other two joined him. Perhaps I should have left them, and I wasn't sure what I wanted to say or do, but I admit I was a bit fascinated by the situation. 

Clearly, their intention had been to rape me, but in choosing someone capable of defending herself, they had made a bad error. Once the boy who was clearly the leader had been downed, the other two had no stomach for continuing the attempt. Perhaps they never had really wanted to rape, but didn't understand how they could get a woman without using force. I was starting to feel a bit sorry for them.

They sat there looking thoroughly abashed, so I started off, "So, you were going to rape me!" 

"No…well…we…we thought…" mumbled the boy who has said nothing so far. 

"I suggest that thinking was what you didn't do," I cut in.

"We didn't want to hurt you," the small boy said, "We just wanted to do it with you." 

"And did you think that in raping me you wouldn't hurt me? Unless I gave up without a fight, of course you would hurt me, and as you see, you might have got hurt as well. All three of you might have been able to force me to have sex with you, but the mere fact that you didn't all pitch in at once suggests that raping isn't what you really want to do. And how much satisfaction do you think you would have got? Is that how you want a woman, unwilling, fighting, and you probably ending up in jail?"

"No," said the small boy, "We just wanted to have sex with you because you looked so good."

"How many girls have you had sex with?" I asked. He looked sheepish and muttered, "None." I looked at the boy I had kicked, "And how about you?" He said nothing, and looked down at the ground. "And you?" I asked the last boy. 

"I once touched a girls tits," mumbled.

"Oh," I said caustically, " So you're the experienced one are you? I suppose you were the one who was going to show your friends how it's done?" He said nothing. "Did you actually see the girls breasts?"

"No," he said miserably, "It was through her clothes."

I was amazed. In these days of sexual promiscuity when young people seem to have sex from the earliest age with anyone and everyone, I had stumbled across three virgin youths; or rather, they had stumbled across me.

I confess I am no virtuous maiden. I have had sex with a number of men, both before and after my marriage. The extra marital sex has never been serious. I enjoy being generous with my body, and so long as I am safe on the pill, and am sure there is no chance of nasty diseases, I see no harm in a bit of sexual fun. In fact, all the men I had been with were nice, "respectable" men from the Church who were having a holiday from their dreary and unattractive wives.

I had often wondered what it was like for an older woman having sex with younger virgin boys, and here was an opportunity to find out. 

I pointed at the breast fumbler and asked, "What's you name?"

"Graham," he replied. I beckoned him, "Come here Graham." 

He got up and came to me rather carefully, no doubt wondering what was going to happen. "Sit down," I told him. He sat, and I went on, "Do you really think you'd like to touch a woman's breasts?" 

He looked startled. "I suppose so," he mumbled. 

"Well now's your chance," I said, "open my shirt." He blinked and did nothing. "What's the matter Graham, afraid? Have I got to do it for you?" I began to unbutton down to the waist and my rather full breasts came tumbling out.

He stared fascinated but made no move to touch me. 

"What's the matter?" I jeered "I thought you said you'd like to touch a woman's breasts. Well now's your chance." 

He still made no move, so I seized his hand and drew it to my breasts. The other two looked on as if mesmerized. 

Graham's hand, once in contact with a breast, quickly became active and started to gently squeeze. I let him play with me for a minute or two, then leaned over so my breast brushed his lips. "Suck my nipple," I whispered, and placed one of them right against his mouth. He took it in and began to suck, starting to get more energetic about it as he went on. 

I was starting to be worked up by now, and decided to advance matters. There was little opportunity for refined lovemaking in this situation, and realising I would probably have to take all three of them, I went straight to the point. I was wearing a skirt, so taking off my panties I order Graham to get his jeans off. He was shaking all over, but managed to muddle his way through the task of removing the garment. I ordered him to lie on his back, and sat astride him. 

For all his nervousness, he had a very creditable erection. I lowered myself onto it and without further preliminaries let him enter me. He whimpered and cried out as I did this, and guessing that he would come very quickly, I moved up and down on him briskly. He shot into me with loud groans, and waiting until I felt his penis growing flaccid inside me, I withdrew from him and rolled away a little.

I looked at the other two and said, "Well, who's next?" 

The boy who had first spoken was clearly in a very excited state by now, and he came straight over to me and began fondling my breasts with great gusto. While he did this I took his hand and placed it against me sex organ, which was soaked with sperm and my juices, and made him work his fingers inside me.

After he had played for a few minutes I lay over on my back, pulled my skirt up high to expose my groin completely, spread my legs wide, and said to him, "You can do the work. Fuck me now." 

He needed no second telling. He came between my legs and penetrated. He hammered into me madly, and like Graham, he shot his load quickly.

When he had separated from me, I looked across at the smaller boy. "Well?" I queried. He made no move. I realised he was shy and frightened, so I beckoned to him. He still made no move. The other two began to laugh. "He can't get it up," they crowed. 

I turned on them; "Did you two enjoy having me?" I said angrily. 

"Well, yes," Graham said. 

"In that case," I retorted, "your friend is entitled to enjoy me as well. Now you two, clear off. Go back down the track and wait for me. I want to talk to you." They hesitated, so I snapped, "Go." They went.

Once they were out of sight and hearing, I turned to the remaining boy. 

"What's your name," I asked gently. "Roy," he replied. "Come and sit beside me, Roy," I invited. He came slowly across and sat. "Wouldn't you like to have sex with me?" I asked. He didn't reply. "Don't you like me?" I queried.

"Oh yes," he said, "I think you're lovely, but…" 

"But?" I echoed. "I want to have you…have you…"

"What?"

"Nicely," he whispered.

My heart melted. I had let the other two have me for a bit of rough fun, but this boy was different. He wanted something more. "Look," I said, "I know I'm a bit of a mess with all that sperm inside me, but you musn't mind. Is it all right if I touch you and make you feel good."

"That's okay," he whispered.

I bent over him and kissed him very tenderly on the lips, running my tongue over them and then entering his mouth. I began to take off his jeans, and once his slack penis was exposed, I began to stroke it. His erection came slowly, but for all his small stature, he presented a very formidable weapon. I took it into my mouth and sucked until I tasted his precum starting.

"Would you like to come inside me now?" I asked. 

He looked at me with what I can only describe as adoring eyes. It was deeply touching and he seemed so vulnerable. 

He said very quietly, "Yes, please." 

"Let me come on top of you, then," I said, and laid him over on his back. I took it very slowly so he could have as much of me as possible in the circumstances. When he finally came he gave a little gasp and tried to pull himself into me deeper. I worked with him, giving him the best I had.

I stayed with him until I was sure he had subsided fully, and as we came apart he said, "Thank you, that was so beautiful," then he kissed me softly on the lips. 

I waited a few minutes, and then said, "Okay, let's go and find these friends of yours." We rose and I took his hand and we walked back down the track.

Graham and the other boy had dutifully waited for us, but seemed a bit apprehensive, probably wondering what I had in mind. What I had in mind surprised them considerably.

"Now," I began, "Can I take it you boys have enjoyed yourselves?" 

They nodded, and Roy murmured, "Lovely." 

"Well so have I," I went on. "So how about if we do this again some time, only in more comfortable circumstances?" 

They stared at me in amazement. "We thought…" began Graham, but I cut in, "I told you before, thinking is just what you don't do. Now suppose we make a time to get together at my house and see how things go."

They had little trouble agreeing with this so day and time were agreed. Fortunately, our house has a side entrance not overlooked by any other property, so they could enter unseen. 

Not to drag the story out too long, they duly turned up at the arranged time, and I began to give them some sex lessons they will never forget. Other meetings followed whenever my husband and children were away. Sometimes the boys came together, sometimes only one or two of them. 

This went on for the next two years, when Graham, and the other boy, Sid, disappeared from the scene for work reasons. By the time they left me they had studied advanced oral sex, intermediate anal sex, and were adept in shooting their sperm between my breasts, together with other sexual refinements. 

Roy has remained in the district, and still calls in frequently. Of the three, I must admit a special liking for Roy. He is still very tender in his lovemaking and after the second or third time with me, he never left me sexually stranded. In addition, he had a very nice sized penis.

A final point. It has occurred to me that many older women could take on younger men to give them their training in sexual behaviour. I do not suggest that they see it as a duty to be performed, and of course, it is necessary to be very circumspect, but what about it ladies? It could add a new dimension to your life, as well as theirs.