 * I am Italian, so if I say things differently than you say them, forgive me and enjoy the story anyway.

* This story was written by RuggeroLastruc and edited and rewritten with permission by simaddict. 

* This story is fiction and any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental.

* This story was originally posted in the Loving Wives category but has been rewritten and posted here again for your reading pleasure.

* Civil constructive comments and feedback are welcome but insulting, flaming remarks will be deleted. Thank you. 

******

Cao, I'm Andrew. I'm 28 and work in a local winery and vineyard. I have a story I'd like to tell you.

One night my young wife Paula and I were making love in our bedroom; she was being very coy and seemed more turned on than usual. She proposed a sort of riddle game, with a lot of 'what if?' questions, like she was testing me to see when I could be jealous. Her first question was rather mild, "what if a guy made a pass at her?"

"Well, Paula, that would be no surprise," I replied. "In fact, it would be normal because you are a very pretty girl. It's not your fault you look so sexy going around trying to get work." 

She said, "I love you," and played with my cock, stroking and kissing it. When I was hard she smiled and said to my cock, "You cute little fellow, what if I considered dating another guy? Would you be jealous?" 

I became a bit curious about the game. She never played around like that before, and I knew she hadn't dated another guy since we've been married, or hasn't yet dated another guy. 

"Do you have an interest in dating other guys?" I was very surprised.

"No, I am not interested in dating really," she answered, but didn't sound very convincing. "What if we had a threesome and brought another person into our bed for me to play with? Would you become jealous then?"

I looked at her in disbelief as we had never discussed such a thing nor even fantasized about doing something like that. A threesome? I was not upset but very surprised indeed to hear this from my very timid Paula. 

"What is this, Paula, do you want to have a threesome?"

"Oh no, dear, not exactly, but I went to Blanche's this afternoon and we talked about sex."

Blanche was our middle aged neighbor. She is a tall, classy woman with ample breasts and a nice wide ass, and always dresses well. My surprise went even bigger as she was a very formal and reserved widow. I couldn't picture her sitting and talking about sex.

"Have you talked about sex with Blanche?" I said, totally amazed.

Paula confirmed it. That afternoon Blanche posed several questions about our sexual life. I asked what questions. My elusive wife answered "bagatelles," which means nonsense and started to tell everything.

Let me introduce the story now.

At the time, Paula and I were married for fifteen months, and we lived as the happiest of couples in a nice cottage, something like a cozy love nest on the hill with a great view on the bay. It belonged to Paula's mom. We enjoyed there our loving, solitary condition with no regrets about leaving the crowded town. Paula and I were very happy there.

Of course we mixed with friends on Saturday nights, but the cottage was rather far from downtown and few people, save Paula's mom or younger sister, paid us the occasional visit during the week. Blanche was our closest neighbor. Paula, who was raised shy and reserved by her Catholic mom, was a very pretty girl with the natural elegance of a tall and limber osier: deep velvety eyes and a sweet, gregarious and obedient character. By the way she was 23 years old and I was 28. 

I was absolutely in love with her and worked hard to make good money to spoil her.

Being inexperienced about worldly affairs, Paula had also a hidden and suppressed attraction to sex. To complete the picture I must add that we fucked like rabbits in the bliss of solitude being in need of nothing else than love and tenderness there. On our wedding night, which we spent there, Paula was extremely shy and bashful about sex and cried the first time we made love. Well, she was a virgin, but after that, she began to like sex so much, she began to wear me out. I could barely keep up with her. 

One year or so after our marriage a person moved in the empty villa next to our cottage. Furniture movers relocated a truck full of furniture into the great house: antiques in a large quantity as well as books in great numbers, fine arts objects and a magnificent grand piano. At last the owner arrived.

She was a very elegant lady in her late forties or early fifties. Paula and I were rather curious about this tall, glamorous blonde woman living alone in such a lovely house. 

For quite a while we rarely caught sight of her and only heard beautiful music from the piano, but one day she spotted Paula feeding our cats. The lady also loved cats so she approached Paula and they made small talk. 

Our neighbor's name was Blanche, fifty-one years old. A former classical pianist, she apologized for her very frequent piano playing. She was a widow without a family. Her brother lived in another state and she has no other family. They talked for a while, exchanging pleasantries, and Blanche demonstrated a favorable state of mind, becoming very interested in us, a still newlywed couple. She continually paid Paula sincere compliments on her pretty looks and she was sure that we were happy living in our love nest. She could probably occasionally hear Paula's moans of ecstasy when making love as well as we could hear her piano playing because the villa's windows were always wide open.

Later Paula introduced me to our neighbor and we became very well acquainted. One evening she invited us to have dinner at her place. Blanche was a perfect hostess, we had a great time, and we returned the invitation a week later; our great friendship had a start like this. 

Paula was still unemployed and had a lot of time to spend with Blanche. Our neighbor had good talking points and carried on very interesting conversations. Step by step she became a sort of charismatic leader for my wife. They talked about Blanche's experience as a pianist or about her dead husband and the end of her married life. 

With her husband she lived abroad many years, visiting exotic countries such as Japan and Java, and she had always something brilliant to tell. Such idle but spicy talks turned to confidence in the new born friendship which lay between Paula and Blanche. Every so often Blanche demonstrated an interest in our private life, posing Paula a few casual questions and among many things sex made also its appearance.

One particular afternoon Blanche seemed to be interested more than usual in our private life and posed Paula one question after another about our activity in the bedroom. She wanted to know how frequently we made love (she no doubt could hear the calls of ecstasy from Paula's orgasms), if we favored a particular position rather than others, if we experimented with sexual fantasies involving other people and so on. Her questions never had been so explicit and she made even an enquiry about my dick size. Half blushing, half in amusement, my wife answered all questions and admitted we had frequent sex. Yes, she sucked on my cock, yes, I licked her pussy, yes, usually we made love three times a week and twice on Sunday maybe, but no anal, no fantasies and no experimentations. And my cock was not so big. (Paula told me all this.)

Blanche smiled at this last sentence from my wife.

"I know, Paula, you and your husband have frequent sex, as every newlywed couple does, but your lovemaking is lacking fantasy and kinkiness." 

"What do you mean, Blanche?" Paula asked.

"You'll find out, dear," Blanche said again stirring a lot more of my wife's curiosity.

"May I do something different with Andrew to improve our sexual life?" asked Paula showing great interest.

Blanche had to stifle a giggle.

"Try a little role play, test his jealousy. Ask him what if you fool around a bit, then suggest he act like another guy fucking you, and let's see what happens," she sentenced. "Do you like the idea of Andrew being a stranger while fucking you?"

Paula nodded and asked Blanche if she had ever tried something similar with her husband.

"Now I have a boring, monastic existence playing the piano, feeding cats and sowing seeds, but my life was quite different once," Blanche answered.

She confessed to have had an agreement with her husband. He was a permissive, older gentleman with the secret habit of watching his wife with other men, and Blanche had lovers during the marriage. She called them "trusted friends." Her behavior as a married woman was absolutely lustful, and very interesting, but unfortunately her husband got sick and passed away, dissolving such a lifestyle into grief. She was deeply in love with him, so much that as soon as she was widowed, Blanche remained in her marital house to keep her husband's memory alive. 

A few years later she moved to her place next to us where nobody contacted her except for an older friend, "a beaux from the good times and a very good but disinterested friend now," she admitted with a certain complaint for passed times. 

"This is fantasy and kinkiness in a couple's sexual life, Dear. With the right couple, it will keep a marriage boiling hot for a lifetime," she confided, but she had not finished and continued. "Your husband is a lucky guy to savor a cookie such as you are, baby, but I think his lovemaking is lacking somewhat. You risk becoming a frustrated housewife with a loving but small dicked husband in an isolated condition. I would like to teach you a thing or two to support your sexual awaking, if you follow me." 

Paula plead a good pupil condition to our neighbor's erotic lessons. "I know you have many things you can teach me and I gladly place myself in your guidance. You have fanned the small flame of desire burning within me to a blazing furnace."

That night the 'what if' riddle game made his appearance and Paula related to me the story of Blanche's lascivious marriage. At first I was a bit confused and could not imagine a formal and reserved person like our neighbor was so kinky. I figured the whole story was nonsense and dropped the matter in a moment, but Paula was greatly influenced by Blanche and so insisted. She said it was only a joke and she wanted to try imagining having sex with another guy. 

It was only a game so I pleased her, granting her wish. I acted like a strange guy checking her out, dating her, and seducing her. We got excited necking and touching our bodies as a couple of lovers meeting each other for her first time. At the end of which the adulterous wife opened her pussy to her lover's cock. The play was terrific and she literally exploded on me. I found it very interesting and was very turned on to be someone else fucking my wife.. 

The day after, during their sex talk session and in a stir of enthusiasm, Paula told Blanche I fucked her pretending to be another guy, and how terribly exciting it had been for both of us. Blanche congratulated her on the good progress and didn't mention sex again for a while.

Her search for work led Paula downtown among many strange people, many of them lecherous men who pinch women's bottoms and laugh. Paula said she didn't mind the pinching and started doing things to entice them, standing with her butt just so, crossing carelessly her legs too high, all of which she found very exciting, and letting the wind blow her short skirt way up before giggling and pushing it back down. For the next few days Paula couldn't stop talking about having exposed her body to men she didn't know, and how exciting it had been to have them looking at her and touching her with lust. I didn't tire of hearing her stories of the day as it excited me also. My timid young wife was becoming such a tease.

After a cold and rainy winter, spring marched in. With the good, warmer weather, Blanche invited my wife to sunbathe in her garden while I was at work, and Paula accepted enthusiastically. They had a good time tanning in the mild late spring air and tales on sex flourished again during their sunbathing sessions. First they sunbathed with their swimsuits on, but a particular tale of Blanche laying naked on a remote sea-shore of Asia getting fucked by her Japanese lover under her husband's eyes stirred so much Paula's fantasy laden with questions that our neighbor proposed they went totally naked to demonstrate how it felt to Paula. Paula was at first rather embarrassed to undress herself totally in front of Blanche and shed only her top, but our neighbor insisted.

"Don't be shy, Paula, the back garden is really secluded and nobody can catch us apart from occasional visitors" she said. "We'll keep robes handy in case someone should come by and knock on my door." 

That was true and therefore, relenting, Paula complied with our friend's invitation to bare herself completely. The cool breezes on her heretofore always covered private parts was an exciting sensation for Paula. She found it stimulating, even arousing to be naked in the outdoors with Blanche in her presence. 

"Yes, it is arousing to sunbathe while naked in the presence of someone else," Paula admitted to me.

A smirking Blanche observed with great satisfaction and rapt attention Paula getting naked in front of her. Paula's body was truly a work of art. She lavished debonair compliments on my wife's twenty-three year old, apple sized boobs, succulent brown nipples, pretty pink slit and very nice heart-shaped ass. 

Paula was very excited because for the first time she bared herself totally for a nude sunbathing session in the open air. She found the experience sensual and exhilarating, especially since Blanche was naked also with all her mature curves totally on display. They burst into laughter and in the highest mirth, Blanche softly and endearingly called Paula names like "little naked slutty wife" or "delicious exhibitionist whore" and compared Paula's fit body to her mature fatness, making Paula look at her slightly sagging breasts, large brown nipples, hefty thighs, trimmed but hairy pussy and large clitoris in comparison.

"Never the less, Blanche's slightly saggy boobs and thick ass have a certain erotic charm," commented Paula later, laying with me in our bed. "Blanche has an aura of pure. raw, uninhibited sex when she sunbathes in the nude. Andrew, she had me wet with sexual excitement."

"You saw Blanche nude, and she saw you totally naked?" I asked in disbelief. "She really has a nice body then?" 

"You must see her, I would like to have your opinion, but I find her maturity very exciting," she said engulfing my erect cock in her mouth and going up and down with her head.

"Perhaps on my day off from work?" I hoped.

"I can't invite you to join us because Blanche told me to be quiet with you." 

Retelling the nude tanning session produced still an even greater excitation in her made evident by the way she played with my cock, joking and giggling. Her stories had the same effect on my cock as they did on her pussy. 

Paula and Blanche continued to tan quietly in the nude every day unless it rained: talking, sharing erotic stories and having fun. By that time Blanche had no secrets from Paula, telling her of every different man to enter between her thighs. The stories Blanche told of course aroused Paula so much she would squeeze her thighs tightly together, experiencing mini-orgasms to Blanche's joy and amusement. My wife also told our neighbor everything that happened in our bedroom. I had no secrets either, it seems.

Role-playing was a constant which Blanche commented favorably on when told of the different scenarios we employed. Nevertheless, during a sunbathing session, she remarked on Paula's demure attitude. 

"You have made good progress, Paula, but you are still too shy. I think your delightful body must be shown more," she opined. "You don't mind showing off your body at all, do you."

"I love to flash and tease, it excites me, but I don't think I could ever show everything," Paula stammered. 

"Paula, you show your body to me and you don't mind that one bit. You know also how much I enjoy seeing your beautiful body."

Paula blushed as usual. Though willing and loving the attention, the excitement of being naked in front of strange people would overwhelm her.

"You blush every time someone pays a compliment to your beauty. I propose an innocent play for your liberation to loosen you up. I'm waiting for the UPS delivery guy in half an hour. Let's let him enter by the backdoor. I'll answer the door with a robe on and you remain on the sun bed in the nude. He'll get a complete eyeful of your naked body passing close by on the path. Nothing else. You can keep your eyes closed and you'll never know he was there except for hearing footsteps. That bit of exhibitionism will be a blast for your skill and a thrill for your sexual life, believe me. You ought only to tell your husband that another guy caught you in the nude and study his reactions tonight." 

"All right," she said with an impish smile, giggling like a schoolgirl on a dare. "The thought of it makes me tremble but I desire to try doing it very much." 

Paula accepted and remained nude while at very close range the guy walked along the path. He stubbed his toe on the stone pavers because he was ogling her nakedness so intently In bed that night she told me all that happened and apologized. 

"Sorry, dear, I couldn't help it. Blanche had been so erotically suggestive that I was really eager and titilated to show my body to the UPS delivery guy. Sorry a million, Dear, I got wet and aroused, too, knowing he was ogling me. Are you angry with me, Honey?" 

"No, Dear, no, I'm not angry. It excites me to imagine it."

I was not angry at all, but horny as ever. I climbed on her with a very stiff cock shoving it in her pussy at once but the lay lasted no more than a few seconds. I'm sometimes premature when overly excited that way. I tried to justify myself, but Paula giggled and said she maybe needed to find a good lover for real if I didn't stop cumming so soon.

Under our neighbor's inciting and prodding, they repeated that first scene many times over. Paula exposed her naked body to the UPS guy a second time, the letter carrier, and once to a food delivery man. Every time Blanche added a particular twist to the play, prodding Paula to show more which Paula loved doing, and Paula every time had something exciting to tell me. How I loved it.

A week later, two men watched my wife laying naked on a sun bed, and she even showed herself spread eagled as per Blanche's encouragement. She explained the scene explicitly how she could feel her juices from within trickle out of her slit and run down to her butt cheeks as the two strange men stood and ogled her. She is now able to watch the men looking at her while she looks through her dark sunglasses. We were really in heat at her telling it and our love making went out of control. I did not last long that time either. This time Paula scolded me more severely, complaining I could not fuck her properly. Of course I apologized and told her I was just too excited by her story but I would try to do better next time. She was so angry with me, she went into the bathroom telling me that she would do the job herself.

Blanche wanted to know my reactions in details from Paula when she described to me the events of the previous day, and my sweet wife once again confessed that I had hurried up the fucking in a sort of frantic fuck and came in a few seconds. I was so turned on I could not control myself. 

"Haven't you had an orgasm, dear?" Blanche enquired again. 

"No, I haven't," answered Paula. "Well, sometimes I do, but never when he's so quick.."
