 It was a lazy Sunday afternoon and Paula and John were relaxing on the couch with a glass of white wine. They had both been to the gym in the morning and were taking it easy. Manhattan was stretched outside their window and John was sitting in his workout shorts and a t-shirt, in his late thirties he was in good shape, slim and athletic. Paula was in a part of snug fitting yoga pants and a tight top, her Asian skin golden from the summer sunbathing and her slim figure looked incredibly sexy in her yoga pants.

As they sipped on the wine they chatted about the week that had passed, and as the wine kicked in, Paula started to feel a little excited laying there with John.

"I think the wine is making me frisky," she smiled turning to John.

"Oh really?" he grinned back, "so what would you like to do about that?"

Paula thought for a moment, feeling a few butterflies in her stomach. She had been getting horny all week and while John had been stuck at work one night, she had spent the evening watching a porn movie with her favorite toy buried in her pussy.

"I think I just want to chat," she smiled, a few dirty thoughts already going through her mind.

John smiled back, "Who with?" he said teasing.

Paula giggled, "Now there is an interesting thought?" he quipped back.

"Well, maybe I can find someone online?" Paula said softly, sipping her drink seductively.

John reached back and pick up his Macbook Air and handed it over to Paula.

"This might be interesting," he grinned.

After a few minutes of searching, Paula found a website with chat rooms and set-up up handle (asian-nymph) and logged in.

"I think I prefer them to know I'm married and that you are here, is that ok?" She asked as John refreshed their glasses.

"Sure, sounds good to me," he smiled taking a seat next to her on the couch and seeing her logging into a room called 'Women that love porn', it seems appropriate.

The room had about 40 people chatting, and the main window seemed to comprise many of men looking for a female to chat too. Within a minute a few private chat windows had opened with the typical, 'hey' and 'feeling horny?' messages. Paula looked at few of the profiles and then found one she liked called 'kinkyguy'. She took a big gulp of wine and pulled the computer onto her lap.

- Hey kinkyguy I am feeling very horny, what about you?

A moment passed and then up popped his response.

- Very hard and looking for a hot asian, know one?

Paula turned to John who was smiling, she giggled, "I think I might like this?" she said teasing.

- You are in luck, I'm one, maybe you can use me to help with that hard cock

The chat carried on as Paula described her measurements and kinkyguy told her in detail the size of his cock, as respectable 8 inches, and how he loved asian girls the most. As things moved along the guy was starting to ask questions ranging from positions to desires. Paula started getting into it, saying her favorite position was on all fours and how she loved the taste of cock.

- My husband is here with me too, and he can vouch for how good I am at sucking cock

She typed, wondering if the reference to John's presence would scare kinkyguy off. But a few seconds later up popped the reply.

- Surprised he hasn't got his cock in your mouth now

Paula laughed when she saw the message and turned to John.

"He has a good point," John laughed.

Paula quickly typed back.

- He will be fucking my mouth and all my holes today don't worry :) But first I was hoping to see your cock

There was a pause, Paula sipped more of her wine and turned to John smiling, as always he smiled back.

The computer pinged to indicate a picture was shared and Paula couldn't help but stare at the image on the screen of kinkyguy's hard cock, its tip a little wet.

- Yummy, what would you like to see?

Paula quickly replied.

- Would love to see your tits

Came the reply. Paula grinned at John when she saw the message, "Can you take the picture with your phone and then I can send it?"

John smiled back, "Would love to."

Paula put the laptop down on the couch and then stood up, she pull off her workout top revealing her sports bra.

"Lets take it slowly," she grinned, and pushed her breasts together pulling the material just down to the point where the top of her nipples where showing. John snapped a picture of over the view of her tits, making sure you couldn't see anything else, and a moment later Paula had shared the picture back with kinkyguy.

Over the course of the next hour the pictures and chat went back and forth and Paula was getting more and more turned on, eventually after a long discussion on how she likes to be fucked, kinkyguy messaged:

- Would you like to meet up tonight?

Paula grinned at John, looking for his approval.

"Can you take me to a hotel room so I can get fucked honey?" she joked, smiling.

John smiled back, "As long as I can watch and get some too."

Quickly Paula put together a plan with kinkyguy to meet at a hotel in the city, she got online and booked a room and got the room number to share. She could tell from the messages that he was getting very excited, and was more than happy for John to be in the room, as Paula teased him about how she liked two cocks.

- You want me to bring a friend as well?

He messages after the plans were made and before she could think clearly, her pussy tingling, Paula replied:

- Go for it

The next couple of hours were a chance to Paula to shower from the gym and switch from yoga clothes to sexy outfit. For tonight she wanted a tight black dress and under it her favorite bra and thong, with a garter belt and stockings to top the outfit off.

John package a few bits into a bag, including a bottle of wine and a bottle of tequila and some shot glasses and then they were off in the back of an Uber to the hotel.

Once checked in John and Paula settled into the room, John poured two shots of tequila and they sat on the edge of the bed.

"Well, here goes," he said grinning, "I'm looking forward to seeing how you do with this."

Paula laughed, she was excited and nervous at the same time. All she could think about was the picture of kinkyguys cock she had seen and now looking at John she was wondering how it would feel to look up at him while she is being fucked by not one but two strangers.

"This is going to be exciting. When they get here I am thinking of a little show, what do you think?" Paula continued, her mind running ahead of her.

"Sounds like a good plan," John smiled, leaning over and giving her a kiss, and then adding, "I can't wait to see you being a little slut for the evening."

Paula grinned widely and then jumped a little as she heard the knock on the door.

John opened the door and as smiling ushered in the two men. Paula watched eagerly as they entered the room, both men were probably in their late twenties. The first through the door introduced himself from the chat earlier, he is well built with dark hair and brown eyes. He smiled broadly as he shook John's hand and then turns smiling to see Paula looking a little sheepish sitting on the bed.

"Hello beautiful," he grinned walking in.

Behind him followed a slightly taller and thinner looking man who introduces himself as Ray. He shakes John's hand and as Paula looks him up and down he looks about as nervous as she feels.

Paula jumps up and shakes both their hands, feeling a little surreal as she does.

"Ok I think I need a drink," she giggles.

Her two admirers both laugh, "Sounds like a plan," the first one says, who has already said his name is Andy.

John passes Andy a bottle of tequila and puts the glasses on the desk in the room while he pours shots.

Everyone takes a glass, "Here's to a fun evening," John grins looking over excitedly at Paula who is smiling back at him. The tequila burns a little on the way down but it helps Paula take the edge off a little.

"Sit on the bed boys and we can just chat for a few," she smiles moving over to lean on the desk. Andy and Ray both jump onto the bed sitting up against the back board while John fills everyones glasses and then sits down on the couch.

Paula starts, "So Andy, loved the chat today," she giggles, "and the pictures," she adds with a cheeky grin.

"Ray, nice to meet you, so do you guys often come along together," Paula adds genuinely keen to find out what these two boys are in to.

Ray grins, "We both like a party and when Andy told me about you online I couldn't resist," he continued, "and he wasn't wrong you look amazing."

Paula blushed a little, she is standing there leaning on the desk in her tight dress, the low cut showing her cleavage and you can almost see the tops of her stockings on the dress.

"Love the stockings," Andy adds, obviously his eyes had already been wandering Paula thinks.

"Why thank you," Paula looks over to him and runs her fingers down the sides of her dress and to the hem and then slowly a little over the stockings on her thigh. "Glad you like them, I did dress up a little for you guys."

For a moment the room is quiet with excitement, John is looking from his incredibly sexy wife over to the two man sitting on the bed. Paula can feel it in the air, "Another shot I think," he grins and within a moment they are all once again nursing the burn of tequila.

With the rush still running through her head Paula says, "well boys why don't you get a little more comfortable so I can see what I have to look forward to."

Andy and Ray look at each other and smile, then stand up and without a thought they both strip down and get back on the bed. Looking over to observe Paula obediently. Paula can't help but bite her lip as she watches from her position still leaning on the desk. Andy is well built and more tanned than he looked in the pictures from earlier and his cock looks different now since it isn't hard and wrapped in his fingers. Ray is paler and slimmer, his slender shape accentuating the muscles in his chest and stomach, his cock is a little slimmer looking too and Paula is already wandering how big she can make it.

With the two guys back on the couch and naked Paula turns grinning to John. "Looks like I'm going to get to play," she smiles and John laughs leaning back into the couch. "It certainly does," he grins.

Paula's eyes return to the two men naked on the bed, sitting calmly side by side. She takes in the full view of their bodies, lingering for a moment on their limp cocks.

"Well, I certainly have a nice view, I suppose I can enjoy it while I find out a little more about my company for the evening," she teases.

"So you boys have shared a woman in the past," she asked excitedly.

Andy smiles back, "Yeah we have, a few times at parties and stuff, and then Ray's girlfriend wanted to try it so we shared her," he said matter of factly turning to Ray as he finished. Ray smiled, "Yep. We are well practiced, but I have to say it the first hot asian babe that we get to share," he adds, his eyes running up and down Paula's long legs and stockings to her low cut dress.

Paula can feel their eyes moving over her, sending a tingle down her spine as she does. 

"You boys are in for a treat then," she smiles. Her fingers run down the side of dress over her hips to the hem of her dress again and then slowly up over her flat stomach and circling the curve of her pert breasts.

"So tell me which part of this hot asian babe are you most interested in?" She teases.

Andy grins, "I have admit that it has to be those stockings."

Ray nods silently his eyes still moving up and down Paula's body. Paula smiles back, realizing that her eyes are still being drawn to their cocks. She slowly moves to stop leaning on the desk and stands, her fingers again sliding down her sides and to her hips. She then very slowly pulls the hem of the dress up a couple of inches to reveal more of her long legs, and then slowly to the tops of her stockings. She can feel the excitement in the air as the material slips over the lace tops to show the suspenders that she had carefully picked out.

She watches Andy and Ray's faces as their eyes follow the material sliding gracefully up her leg and sees the excitement as they see the lace tops and suspenders. She can't help but grin as she notices both of their cocks flinch in their laps as they start to grow with the view. 

"Mmm I'm starting to like that reaction," Paula says, her voice becoming lower as she watches and continues to very slowly lift her dress higher on her legs.

"What else would you like to see?" she teases and both men start to move their hands to touch their growing cocks.

"Would love to see your ass," Ray blurts out.

Paula smiles and slowly turns her back to the boys on the bed and then leans a little forward over the desk as she pulls the dress up slowly over her firm ass. As the material moves over the curve of her ass it reveals the stockings and suspenders over her bare ass, the lace of her thong deep between her cheeks.

Ray lets out of sigh as he enjoys the view, his fingers wrapping around his cock as he gently stokes it enjoying the view. Paula can feel their eyes over her ass as her dress reaches her hips and she bends a little more forward. The room is quiet and she can almost hear the sounds of their hands stroking their cocks to the view.

"Is that good?" she asks turning and looking over her shoulder to see both men slowly jerking off staring at her legs and ass. Grinning she looks over to John to see him, his hand also stroking the bulge in his trousers. "I think they like the view," she teased, "maybe they would like a little touch too?"

As Andy and Ray nod vigorously Paula lifts the dress up to her waist and slowly turns around to show them her black panties, stockings and suspenders. As their eyes flick up and down the length of her legs, Paula turns to John on the couch. "Would you mind helping me out of my dress?" she asked softly.

John smiles and stands, straightening out his trousers a little then walks up behind Paula, taking in the view himself. Slowly from behind he unzips the back of her dress. For a moment he takes in the scene, standing behind his wife as she holds her dress up to her waist showing her stockings, suspenders and panties to two men, naked, on the bed in front of her. Paula lets go of her dress letting her arms drop to her sides. 

"Can you take it off my shoulders?" she asks, turning her eyes away from the two men she had been staring at and back to her husband behind her. John slowly peeled the straps from Paula's shoulders and then gently pulled the dress down revealing his wife's pert tits and black bra and down to her hips as he did he could see Andy and Ray both stroking their cocks in anticipation. Paula's head was turned to look at him, in her face he could see her excitement as the dress feel to her feet. She bit her lip and then turned to him and kissed him sensuously on the lips for a moment and then pulled back still looking into his face.

In a soft voice she says, "You ready to see your horny wife doing all sorts of dirty stuff in front of you?"

John nods silently, still smiling and staring into her eyes.

"Any time you need some attention just join in," she adds smiling, "and remember I want to make sure you get to fuck me last."

John grins at the thought as Paula turns back to face the guys on the bed.

"So where were we?" Paula grins feeling with tingle of their stares as she now stands next to the edge of the bed wearing her favorite stockings, black lacy panties and her bra pushing her pert and firm tits together and up for maximum effect. The two men and saying nothing but their hands are now wrapped firmly around their hardening cocks and sliding up and down in a constant rhythm. 

"Look at those lovely cocks," Paula says barely realizing that it was out loud. She slowly starts to walk, in the most sexual way she can, down the side of the bed on Ray's side to where he is sitting. She turns a little so that her firm ass is positioned facing him on the bed, "Would you like to touch it?" she asks in a sultry voice.

Ray doesn't need asking twice, his hand in quickly on her ass, stroking the curve of it from her hip over one cheek and then the cheek. The touch of a man sends a shiver up Paula's back and she can suddenly feel the warmth and moisture from her pussy just inches from the strangers hand caressing her ass. She lets out a little sigh, "That feels nice, what else would you like to touch?" she teases.

"Would love to see how your tits feel," Ray blurts out excitedly as Paula turns back to him, his hand is moving a little faster up and down his cock.

"Oh you would?" Paula teases, "Andy would you mind coming around behind me and helping me undo my bra so your friend can touch my tits."

Andy jumps up naked and moves quickly around the bed as Paula turns to face Ray on the bed. She feels his hands, a little shakily, on her back as he unclips the bra. Her hands are already up cupping her breasts and holding the bra in place.

"Why thank you Andy, your more than welcome to have a little feel of my ass as well," she continues in a low voice her eyes now staying trained on Ray's face. She can see he is a little pink with excitement and his eyes are firmly locked her hands holding her bra. She feels Andy's warm hand rest gently on her ass, for a moment she realizes the warmth must be from the attention he has been giving his cock causes a little tingle inside her pussy.

"Andy slow circles on my ass please," she requests, her eyes still fixed on Ray. She slowly starts to lower her hands letting her bra fall a little to reveal her tits. Ray's hand in pumping his cock as he watches them slowly come into view. Her mocha skin looks amazing in the hotel room light and her brown nipples are already hard from the anticipation as her bra falls to the floor. She can feel now that both of Andy's hands are cupping and stroking her ass, his breath on her back becoming a little more heavy. Paula's hands slowly circle her pert tits stroking them as she watches Ray's cock hardening more with the view.

"Here you are Ray, would you like to touch them?" she teases in a low voice as she runs her fingers slowly over her nipples. Without saying a word Ray sits up on his knees, his cock standing up and pointing excitedly at Paula as he moves towards her his hands first touching her flat stomach and then slowly moving up to cups and caress her beautiful tits. 

Paula can't help but let a little moan out, the mixed sensation of Ray's hands over her erect nipples and Andy's slow circling stroking of her ass making her a little lightheaded with excitement, she closes her eyes a little.

"Oh god that is nice," she softly says, "stroke them Ray and would you lick them for me," she adds as she drifts becoming more excited all the time.

With her eyes closed she feels the warmth of his tongue flick over her breast and circle her hard nipples while he gently squeezes and touches her tits. As Ray's tongue works over her breasts she feels the warmth of Andy's kisses starting on her back and slowing starting to move down, his hands now running down the backs of her stocking and around her hips. 

"Oh boys, thats good, suck on my tits Ray, are they what you were hoping for?" Paula moans. 

Ray pulls back for a moment from his licking and sucking to admire the view of Paula's tits, her eyes still closed as he squeezes the glistening shape. "They are beautiful," he announces, "Andy you need to see them," he adds he voice shaking a little. Paula feels the excitement making her dirtier as she is suddenly pulled back into the situation by that comment. She pushes Ray back a little towards the bed.

"Lets all get onto the bed so I can see what it is like with both of you sucking and licking my tits," she adds firmly. Ray slides back to his position back on one side of the bed and Paula moves forward, away from Andy, and climbs onto the bed on all fours before sliding up next to Ray and leaning on the back board again. She now can see how much harder and bigger Andy has got from playing with her and she feels her pussy spasm a little with excitement. She also looks over to see John on the couch, his trousers unbuttoned and his cock hard in his hand as he strokes it watching. Andy quickly jumps onto the bed and sits on the other side of Paula from Ray, they look at each other grinning like schoolboys as they both place a hand on Paula's thigh. Paula looks from one to the other of the men, she bites her lip as feels them both start kissing her shoulders and then down her chest. Their tongues flick around the side of her breasts as each mean slides down a little lower on the bed, Paula's body tingles as they each suck and lick her nipples.
