 Suzi and I were lovers and met as often as we could, our husbands knew that and were accommodating about it, often we would spend lazy hours in each other's beds. Other times we would meet like today and fuck like crazy things in the woods. Suzi was everything I wasn't she was a brilliant career woman and a sexual dynamo she often went on swapping sessions with her husband, they even went dogging and he would watch while she sucked men off in dark car parks. I wasn't like that although I wished I could have been. I was happy with my husband but he wasn't into swapping although he had watched my first girl on girl experience. But I was happy that I got to taste and touch this beautiful woman and hoped to god she felt the same.

It was a warm afternoon when we met and as we walked arm in arm we casually chatted about everything and nothing. We stopped in the middle of a area filled with weeping willows and fallen oak trees and Suzi pulled me into her arms, it felt so good to feel her tits squashed against my body and although it was hot I shivered with excitement. We kissed full on tongues exploring each other's mouths and I put my hands into her hair and felt her inward sigh. She kissed me harder and I felt her hand inside my flimsy top tugging on my nipples, she loved to cause me a little pain so she pinched them a little harder. With this I pulled away from her kiss and grinned at her, then started to kiss her neck. She smelt so good and I couldn't wait to get my mouth on her tits, they were her greatest asset, she was a fucking lovely looking girl but her tits god they made me cum just thinking of them, I loved it when she rubbed them against my wet pussy. 

She pushed my head down and I undid her top, there I stayed licking and kissing her glorious nipples while she sighed and held my head. I ran my hands over her hips and round to her soft arse and gave it a squeeze as she shivered against me, lifting her skirt I ran my hands over her panties and between her legs. Suzi opened her legs slightly for me so that I could gain access to the damp patch growing there, I was biting her nipples now and she was so aroused I could smell it. I dipped my fingers through the tiny piece of material that Suzi called panties and into her wet eager cunt and felt her wetness. Suzi had freshly shaved I could feel that she was totally bare there just how I liked it, her cunt lips were swollen and would be a deep pink. I couldn't wait to taste her.

Suddenly I looked up, I was sure there had been a noise, was I imagining it? Humph must have been I thought and went back to pleasuring my beautiful Suzi. Again I stopped there was a noise, I asked her if she had heard anything and she shook her head and pushed mine back to her glistening tits. 

Things happened very quickly after that, I felt hands on my hips and knew they weren't Suzi's. I looked at her and she smiled, I knew she had this planned as she was looking behind me with no sign of surprise. I turned and saw two guys. Shit what was she up to? I went to ask but was pulled to the ground by one of the men. He sat over my shoulder and opened his fly and took out a semi hard cock.

Suzi looked at me and spoke 'June these are my friends David and Mark say hello where's your manners?'.

'My manners?' I said crossly 'if you haven't noticed Mark here has introduced himself by waving his cock in my face'.

'Mmmmm yes I noticed! A nice hello would be to give it a little suck don't you think?' she said sternly.

'Suzi what the fuck are you on about?' I said as he smeared his cock against my cheek.

'Well June I thought that you needed a good fuck, I get all the fun with other guys so I ran this past your hubby and he said to go ahead and get you double fucked' she was standing there telling me this with her tits hanging out and her skirt hiked up.

'Sure he did' I sneered 'he wouldn't have this!'

'Look over to the bushes over there he's watching, he didn't want to take part but wanted to see how you handled yourself! So give him a good show!'

I looked over and sure enough saw my loving husband Paul in the bushes videoing the lot, 'you couple of bastards' I said trying to get up 'I'm not going for this!'

'Sorry babe you have no choice, Mark just fuck her mouth she might shut up then' and with that Mark forced his now hard cock into my mouth 'oh and I should tell you that what you can taste on Marks cock is my cunt juice, I had him before we met up!'

It did feel good to have this hard cock in my mouth and I was begin to give him a proper blow job when I felt another pair of hands and knew this was David he was pulling my panties down, opening my legs and began kissing up my inner thighs. I felt the pressure of his fingers on my mound sliding down toward my clit. God this felt so good I opened my legs a little more and felt his tongue run from my clit to my arse. I began to sigh and moan onto Marks cock, then David's tongue was gone and replaced by a warm wet tip of his cock, I tried desperately to see but the sensation of being filled took over and I was gone. I moved my hips to meet him and began fucking these two men. I was becoming overwhelmed with the feeling of pure sex and loving knowing Paul and Suzi had set me up for this made things worse, I let go all my inhibitions and fucked like a possessed woman. 

Mark pulled his cock out of my mouth he had not yet cum and David moved from on top of me. Mark lay on his back and gestured me to sit on his cock, I moved and slowly slipped down on his spit-covered pole. This was the most delicious feeling and I came hard shaking as I did, I felt myself being pushed towards mark chest and knew that Paul and Suzi had told them to DP me. My greatest fantasy was to become reality. David slid into my arse with ease. I was regularly arse fucked by Paul so knew how good it felt. I had two strangers fucking me hard and I was in heaven, I looked over to Paul and noticed Suzi on her knees giving him head, bitch I thought with a smile.

Marks cock twitched and filled me with cum and then David pulsed into my eager anus, I was groaning and moaning and cumming with them. Suzi stopped what she was doing as Paul had cum and moved over to me kissing me full on the lips and passing my husbands hot cum into my mouth, it felt good. Then she moved down my stomach and started to eat out all the cum from there, when she looked up at me she was covered in the sticky stuff, and looked hornier than ever. She slipped her tits between my legs and began rubbing, she knew how much I loved this feeling her bullet like nipples rubbed my clit. 

Oh god I was cumming again and noticed Paul kneeling behind her cock in hand, she had no idea but soon felt him pull her panties to one side and ram her full of cock she moaned and tried to move but was pinned down. He began to ride her cunt hard and she was loving it soon she was cumming and he then pulled out to sample her arse, I moved so that I could be under her wet cunt and began lapping away, she was in a frenzy being arse fucked and cunt licked at the same time. Paul asked if it was ok for him to cum in her arse and she nodded too engrossed in orgasm to answer and he came hard grunting. As he pulled out the cum ran from her arse and I got another mouthful of my husbands warm spunk. Suzi stood up and pulled her panties straight looked at me and winked.

'I will get you back for this' I said 'tricking me is not a good idea even when it was so enjoyable'.

'I look forward to it' she said 'now get dressed you and I have a bed waiting for the evening'.

I kissed Paul and he knew he wouldn't see me for a night and walked off with my lover, knowing that I would have my head buried between her thighs soon lapping at that pretty cunt, I might even call in some favours at the hotel and get a few guys lined up to fuck her while I watched!!