 In Paula, Linda has a torrid lesbian affair, after which she feels rejected by her lover. In the sequel, Life After Paula, Linda's bi-sexuality is further explored with Misty, a girl found through contact magazines, her husband watching her liaison. This is the continuation of Linda's story. 

"Do you think that we can persuade her to come back?" Tom asked over breakfast.

"Misty you mean? No I don't think that we should try," Linda replied, "We should move on, as she has. We have to find a woman who'll allow you to join in. We need someone to share. I'd love to watch you fuck someone while I watch, this time."

Tom smiled at her, "You sure you wouldn't be jealous?" he asked.

"Me, not now," she replied, "Maybe a week ago, but not now. To see you sliding that hard piece of meat of yours into another girl's mouth or pussy . . . God, that would be something."

He shook his head slowly, grinning at her, as he felt his cock stirring in his jeans. Linda's hand slid under the table groping his groin, feeling his hardness.

She giggled at him, "Sorry, late for work, you'll have to handle that yourself."

"You mean wank?" he said, "No, I don't think so, I'll wait until you get home."

"I don't mind," she replied, "Put some porn on and indulge yourself."

He laughed as he answered her, "It's not that long ago, you wouldn't have said anything like that."

"That was the old 'me', this is the new one. Fucking is for fun. Just one thing, Tom, we always take our pleasure together, having sex with someone else when I'm not there, that would be cheating. Does that sound strange?"

"No, of course not, but what about you and Paula, I wasn't there then?"

"Your right, it was a mistake, not one I'll repeat. Although we do have something to thank her for, don't we."

"That's true," Tom answered, "What would you do if you saw her again, outside of work, I mean?"

"I don't know, it isn't likely to happen, but she was good. I'm getting wet just thinking about that lovely, sweet cunt of hers."

"Want to go in late for work?" he asked, squeezing his growing erection.

"Can't, sorry. I'll squelch my way to the office," she laughed, "Maybe have a quick fingering on the bus, if no one's there."

"You can't be serious," Tom said, a little concerned, "What if you get caught?"

"Don't be silly, I'm only joking," She laughed, again.

She stood, brushing a stray hair from his forehead, "Get some contact magazines, for tonight," she said. Linda looked at Tom's groin, and the growing bulge there. She reached down and unzipped him, drawing out his, by now, hard prick and began to stroke him. Tom's head rested back against the chair, his cock tingling under her fingers. She grasped his hand and placed it onto his erection.

"Enjoy," she said, and moved to the door, watching him stroke for a few seconds before leaving.

He looked across at the closing door, his erection beginning to loose some of its hardness as she left. Tom tucked it away, saving it for later, when she returned home.

   *******

They sat, as they had before, contact magazines littering the table, Linda's hand moving up and down Tom's erection as she turned the pages. 

"There's no one here for us," Tom said, disappointedly.

"Another course of action," Linda replied, as her fingers collected a little precum from the end of his cock and raised it to her mouth.

"Um . . . nice," she said, "There's a new swingers club in town."

"No chance," Tom replied, "I'm not doing it with an audience, I don't think I could."

"Me neither," Linda added, "I mean to meet someone and come back here."

"Do you think anyone would do that?"

"Misty did, let's go tonight. There's no one in the magazines so we've nothing to lose. Let's give it a try, how about it, Tom?"

"Ok," Tom said, "Might be interesting to watch even if we find no one."

"You might get some good ideas," she laughed, "Not that you need any."

"What about this?" he said, nodding at his erection pointing towards the ceiling. She bent down, kissing the end, then licking his precum away.

"Save it for later?" she suggested.

"Two hardons in one day and no release," he laughed, "They'll be plenty of cum for someone." 

*******

Tom and Linda entered the lounge area of the club and surveyed the scene. It didn't look much like a swingers club more like the lounge of some swanky hotel. Couples sat at tables talking, and single men lounged at the bar, nothing out of the ordinary.

"What now?" Linda asked.

Tom shook his head, "Don't know, I'm sure this is the right place. Should I ask some one?"

"Ask what, where do we go to fuck? That would go down well, if it is the wrong place," she laughed.

A waiter walked towards them, "Can I get you anything?" he asked, "Or would you like to go through?"

"Go through?" Tom enquired.

"Are you here for the party?" the waiter said, emphasising the word 'party'.

"Oh yes, we're here for the party," Tom replied.

"First time?"

"Yeah, where do we go?"

The waiter pointed to a discrete door in the corner of the lounge and Tom and Linda moved towards it. As they were about to open it a large doorman emerged from nowhere blocking their path.

"Invites?" he enquired.

Tom looked at Linda and shrugged.

"Sorry, it's by invitation only," the doorman apologised.

"It's ok, they're with me," a woman's voice came from behind them. The doorman stood to one side and opened the door for them.

Linda turned to find out who had granted them access; Tom saw the surprise on her face.

She turned to Tom, "Tom, this is Paula," she said, "Paula, this is my husband."

"Pleased to meet you Tom," Paula smiled, "Linda and I know each other, very well, so it's a pleasure to meet you."

Tom grasped Linda's hand reassuringly as she moved towards Paula. Paula leant forwards intending to plant an affectionate kiss on Linda's cheek, but at the last moment Linda turned her head, their lips met. Paula jerked her head back, startled, and looked at Tom.

"He knows about us," Linda explained, "All about us," she added.

Paula's eyes searched out Toms, as if looking for confirmation of Linda's words.

Tom smiled and nodded.

Paula walked through the opening and began moving down a long corridor, Tom and Linda followed. Tom watched as Paula's lithe body moved inside the red fabric of her dress, her cheeks swaying with each step, sensuously, like a model moving down a Parisian catwalk. They watched as her hands moved to her back slowly lowering the zipper of her dress. With barely a hesitation in her walk, the dress fell to the floor, leaving her naked, still moving towards the end of the corridor. Tom and Linda looked at one another amazed.

"Are we expected to do that, get undressed?" Tom whispered.

Paula heard and turned back towards them; Linda gazed on her full breasts, the longing beginning again for her.

"You don't have too," Paula said, "I like to be . . . comfortable, that's all." She turned, opened the door and stepped through. Tom and Linda followed. They stared, incredulously, at the sight before them. 

Three steps led down to a central area which was carpeted in a deep purple with an intricate pattern woven into the heavy pile. Lying on it were two girls, enjoying each other's bodies, while surrounding them were seated on long couches almost a dozen people, naked, watching the performance. Some of the men were engrossed in the action, others, splitting their attention between the stage show and their partners sitting alongside. The men sported erections, of all sizes, which either they, or their partners, were stroking, slowly. Some of the men's hands were busy, toying between legs, fingers seeking out openings, others caressing breasts, all eyes eventually returned to the performance as the groans and pants became louder. 

Paula joined the girls, draping herself over them. Hands seemed everywhere stroking, caressing, entering every aperture. Linda's hand slid down over the front of Tom's trousers feeling the growing bulge, before unzipping him and entering the opening. She drew him out before dropping to her knees and taking the head into her mouth. Tom looked back towards the spectacle on the stage, he saw Paula looking at them, smiling, before her head slipped once more between the thighs of one of the girls. He understood why Linda wanted her, he wanted her himself. Maybe, if it was handled properly, they could both have her, together.

He pulled Linda upright, "Later," he whispered, "Back at our own house, with her," he nodded in Paula's direction. Tom zipped himself back up and sat on one of the couches, Linda sat alongside him, watching the show. The girls had formed a triangle, each one licking and being licked. Hips were beginning to buck as they began to orgasm together. As Tom watched he found himself concentrating more and more on Paula, a thin sheen of sweat covering her body caused it to glitter and sparkle under the spot lights above them. 

Linda heard a low groan to her left and glanced across in time to see a dark haired man ejaculate heavily onto his belly and lower chest. She noticed that no one else bothered to look, everyone too preoccupied with the show.

Both Tom and Linda began to feel self-conscious about being the only ones still clothed. They felt eyes on them, as if wondering why they were there, if not to participate. Tom grasped Linda's hand and nodded towards the corridor. When outside Tom said, "What are we going to do; we can't sit there, dressed?"

"No," Linda replied, "We're drawing more looks than if we were naked."

"Do we undress, or go back into the lounge?" Tom asked.

"Let's undress and go back, but I don't want you to 'come', I want you to save it for later, that ok?"

Tom laughed, "I'm surrounded by naked people, more than half of them sexy girls, all fucking and you don't want me to come . . . I'll try not to."

When they re-entered the room the performance had ended, those sitting on the couches were involved in performances of their own. Some had stayed as couples; the more adventurous ones had joined together forming foursomes or even more. Everyone was involved in sex play of one kind or another. Girls were sucking off men while being fucked; two girls were 69'ing on a couch while being watched by two men, jerking each other's cocks. More intricate couplings were going on in the far corner of the room where six people were engaged in every kind of penetration. 

Tom realised that more people were here now, so there must be another entrance. He spied a discrete door in the corner of the room. That must be where people enter who don't want to be seen in the lounge, Tom guessed.

From the pile of bodies in the corner Tom saw Paula emerge, sweat covering her face, the obvious traces of ejaculate on her thigh. She reached between her legs gathering what was left inside and raised her fingers to her lips, sucking them clean. She looked across at Tom and Linda and waved. Linda waved back and Paula crossed the room towards them.

"No private rooms?" Tom asked, after they had sat on one of the low couches. 

"Not yet, we found that people liked to get together as a group, but we may introduce them later," Paula answered.

"You talk as if you had some interest in the place?" Linda asked.

"A small share," Paula replied, but didn't expand on it.

"Are you joining in?" Paula added, "I can recommend a couple for you. She's fantastic at licking cunts."

Tom raised his eyebrows, "From what I've heard you're not bad at that yourself," he grinned.

"Praise indeed," Paula laughed, "How about that couple then?"

"We'd rather have you," Linda said, running her hand over Paula's breasts, allowing her finger to caress the nipple, "But not here, back at our place. I don't think we're quite ready for an audience, not yet, maybe next month."

Paula thought for a moment, then ran her hand over Tom's chest and down to his erection. Her fingers moved up and down his shaft a few times then between Linda's legs stroking her clit.

"I can't get away for a couple of hours, that ok?" she said.

Tom nodded, "We'll wait for you in the lounge."

Paula stood, "Got to circulate," she said, "But here's something to keep you going."

Paula knelt in front of Tom and took his cock deep into her mouth; Linda looked down at her fellating her husband, her own hand drifted between her legs.

Paula stood again and waved as she moved back to rejoin her orgy.

"Wow," Tom said, "I think everything you said about her was true, she's certainly . . . sexual."

"We'll watch for an hour, then wait for her in the lounge," Linda said.

For the next hour they watched as Paula circulated. They lost count of the number of cocks and cunts she sucked and licked, but she never seemed to stay long enough to climax with any of the participants. Tom wondered if she was saving it for later, for them. 

After they had entered the lounge, dressed, Linda selected a quite corner table while Tom got their drinks. They sat, Tom noticing Linda's preoccupation with some thought.

"What to share?" he asked.

"Just wondering about something," Linda replied, "Back in a moment."

She approached the door, and as before, the doorman appeared. Linda engaged in a whispered conversation with him. Tom saw him smile and nod, money exchanged hands, and Linda returned to her seat.

"What was that about?" Tom asked.

"Just a present for Paula," Linda replied, and smiled broadly. Tom didn't pursue it and the two of them enjoyed their drinks for the next hour, until Paula entered the lounge. She had exchanged her red dress for a cream trouser suit and blouse. They both decided that she looked stunning as she crossed the lounge towards them.

"Can I get you a drink?" Tom asked.

"No, I'm ok," Paula replied, "Are you ready to go?"

As they prepared to leave the doorman appeared and handed Linda a large package. Tom didn't ask, and Paula appeared to ignore it.

A short taxi ride took them to the house and a few minutes later they were sitting in the lounge, this time Paula accepted the offer of a small whiskey.

"I didn't think you'd tell Tom what happened between us," Paula directed at Linda, between sips, "I'm surprised".

"We've no secrets," Tom smiled, "We share everything."

"Everything?"

"Everything," Tom replied.

"Interesting, are we going to get . . . comfortable?" Paula smiled seductively at Linda.

Even after their liaison with Misty, Tom felt a little unsettled with Paula's blatant sexuality. He knew that they had made the first move, but he wondered if Paula was getting a kick out of having the two of them, both together, after previously being with Linda on her own.

He led the way upstairs, Paula followed, Linda held back wanting to watch as Paula negotiated the stairs, each step bringing the same shimmy as her walk down the corridor. God, she oozed sex, Linda thought, I can't wait to get her naked.

Tom entered the bedroom and moved towards his chair in the corner. He felt Paula's hand on his shoulder and turned. Her head moved towards him, her lips opened slightly as they met his. He looked over her and towards the door. Linda was standing, smiling, as she slowly undressed. Tom closed his eyes as Paula's tongue eased its way into his mouth, touching his. She made small circles with it, his followed, a game being played out in his mouth. She pulled her tongue back into her own mouth, his followed, as if desperate not to loose contact with it. He began to lick the roof of her mouth, feeling every ridge, tasting her.

He opened his eyes; Linda was naked, moving towards them. Tom felt Linda's hands between them, unfastening Paula's blouse, caressing her tits. He stepped back and watched as Linda undressed her from behind, allowing him an uninterrupted view. Soon the two girls stood before him, naked. Linda's hand slipped over Paula's hips and between her legs. Paula's legs eased apart, her cunt opening up for Linda's finger to enter. Two fingers disappeared inside, only to reappear covered in Paula's juices. Linda raised them up to Tom's face; he sucked on them greedily.

He allowed his trousers to fall to the floor, his erection pushing through the opening of his boxers. Paula slid down Tom's body, her hands following the curve of his chest down to his waist and onto his hips. She licked the end of his cock, his precum forming a strand that linked him to her mouth. Linda followed her down, both of them kneeling in front of him. Paula took the head of Tom's cock into her mouth and sucked gently on it; Linda had one of his balls and was rolling it with her tongue. Linda moved her head upwards, her tongue licking the underside of his shaft, until she met Paula's. They kissed, passionately, the head of Tom's cock sandwiched between their lips. In unison they moved up and down him, pausing at the head as their lips met. 

Tom could feel the pressure building in his balls, the combined attention on him almost unbearable. He felt Linda's hand move to his balls, kneading them. She knew that he was close; but they both knew it was too early.

Linda stood and pulled Paula towards the bed, laying her down before covering her with her body. They moved together, clits exciting each other into hard buds. Tom watched as his wife again took pleasure in another woman's body. Linda's head moved downwards, sucking on Paula's hard nipples as their groins ground together.

Tom knew that they would orgasm soon, his wife's body already beginning to stiffen as the feelings flooded through her. He saw Paula shuddering under her and was amazed at the differing effects the climax's had on them. 

Linda left the bed and moved to the corner of the room picking up the package the doorman had given her. She tore it open and produced a flesh coloured strapon; Paula's eyes bulged, but she smiled broadly. Linda fastened it in place and moved between Paula's legs, licking and sucking on her clit before positioning the head of the dildo at her entrance. Linda collapsed onto her, kissing again, as she slowly pushed the head of the cock inside.

Paula's hands slid down Linda's back pulling her cheeks closer towards her, drawing the dildo deeper until she had the full length inside. Linda began to fuck her; long deep strokes. Paula's head slumped back against the pillow as Linda's thrusts became faster. Tom saw Paula orgasm, unmistakably, but Linda never paused, driving the cock into her.

The girls began kissing again as soon as Paula recovered and Tom took his chance. He moved to the head of the bed and inserted his cock between the girl's lips, sliding the head over them. He knew that he couldn't last long and pulling back he shot stream after stream of cum over the lips and mouths of the girls. They continued kissing, licking the ejaculate from each other's faces.

He didn't know which girl instigated it but they reversed positions, the cock still buried deep into Paula but now she was on top, riding it. Tom saw the beads of perspiration forming on Paula's brow to run down and drip off her nose and onto Linda's pert breast.

His cock was still hard; he squeezed it, coaxing what was left of his ejaculate from the end, lubricating the head. He moved behind Paula running his hand over her buttocks, she groaned at his touch. Remembering Linda's description of their love making, he allowed his finger to drift lower, down her cleft and to her rosebud. Easing his finger forward he began to penetrate her.

Paula groaned even more, her hands moving behind her, pulling her cheeks apart. He leant forward, using saliva to lubricate his finger; he inserted first one then two inside. She slumped down, her actions on the dildo pausing, inviting more of him inside her.

He straddled Linda's legs enabling him to position his cock against Paula's puckered opening. Easing forward his cock pushed against her, slowly . . . very slowly, entering her.
