 I don't know what possessed me. I would never have believed that I would allow even encourage something like this to happen to me. I had always been a bit of an exhibitionist, but that day I don't know what got into me, but I liked how it felt in there. 

I took my car in when the rattling on the front end became louder than the radio. They said they had to keep it overnight so I would have to come back the next day. I knew it was going to be a lot so I figured I would dress extra sexy and maybe get them to give me a deal. It was a warm day and being that I like to show off my toned body I wore a cute little outfit of short red shorts that showed off the curves of my lower ass cheeks and a gingham halter top to show off my waist. I usually wore this top with a cardigan so I could wear a bra since my ample breasts would bounce if I didn't, but today I went bare underneath letting them caress the fabric and swing gently, bouncing as I stepped. I tied my auburn hair back in a ribbon so my long neck showed and I felt very sexy and giddy. I stood taller than my normal 5'7" with straw platform sandals. 

As I sashayed into the office I felt the stares of the two mechanics having a smoke out front. The place was pretty empty since it was about closing time. The office manager put on a leering smile as he offered to help me. I told him I was there to pick up my silver Miata and he kept his eyes on my tits as his fingers rifled through the paperwork. 

"That'll be $750," he said as he pulled my paperwork from the stack.

"Wow, that's a lot more than I expected." I said smiling at him and leaning forward. I could sense the other mechanics' eyes glued to my now half revealed ass. 

"Do you have some kind of payment plan?" I asked him putting my hands behind my neck. I figured he was so enamored with my breasts I would give him a peek. 

"Well we don't normally do that. We're a small shop, you know. We could maybe do an exchange." 

I felt the blood race through my body. I was getting so turned on by all the attention. I let my top fall and showed him my hard pink nipples surrounded by my ivory tits. 

"Do you think you could take some off the bill if I let you play with these?" I asked as I strolled behind his desk. He sat back in his chair and pulled me onto his lap. 

"I think we can do that." He said before his mouth covered my nipple. He sucked them like a child at first, hungry and gentle and then with his manly hands he gripped them and devoured my nipples like an animal. I could see the mechanics watching outside. I was enjoying his taunting so much that the next thing I realized was that the garage doors were closing and the mechanics were in the office watching. I gave them a show moaning as he drank from my tits. 

When he came up for air he said, "That should take about $50 off, there is still $700 to go." He looked at his boys and they smiled. 

"Then I guess I have a lot of work to do don't I" I said as I stood up and showed the boys a frontal view of my rosy and heated tits. I felt the manager's hand go up my leg and feel my wetness in the crotch of my shorts. Another mechanic, Tom, the name on the patch on his shirt, came over to me and kissed me with his fiery tongue. His hand played with my nipples, pinching them until I moaned into his mouth. My shorts were removed with surgeon's precision, cascading down my thighs and calves by these desirous fellows. I opened my eyes as I felt more hands on my body and noticed that the crowd had swelled to 5 impressively attentive guys. I thought I would come right there with just that realization. There were fingers in my pussy, fingers in my ass, fingers pinching my nipples and smoothly touching my skin. Tongues and hands were all over me.

I was lead to the garage and placed on a Volvo in for repairs. I sat on the hood as Tom, the biggest man there, opened my legs and put his mouth to my cunt. In amazement and excitement I threw my head back with the expertise of his tongue closing in on my own needs. The other guys watched as he expertly lapped at me. I gripped his head, then the hood of the car, then his head again as I felt the convulsion of the orgasm unfold inside me. He moved faster as I came with a squeal. I listened to it echo and increased my screams and cries getting off on the sounds I made. For a moment Tom let me rest. 

"You got yours, now it's our turn." He said as his thick cock slid into my wanting hole. He was huge, the biggest I ever had. It was heaven. He pounded my cunt as I spread my legs wider forcing him deeper with my hands on his ass. Then I opened my eyes feeling another presence. There was another guy, Rick knelt over my head with his cock in his hand. I took it in my hands and put the head between my lips. I savored the salty, musky cock as he slid it in and out of my mouth. He wasn't as big as Tom, but he filled my mouth with each push. I relaxed my throat and took all of him in letting his balls caress my nose with each thrust. Their pounding alternated with Tom going in my cunt as Rick was pulling out of my mouth. I couldn't see the other guys, with their heated stares burning into my flesh I knew they had to be enjoying the show. With one full thrust Tom pulled out of me and I felt his come squirt out over my stomach. Rick, turned on watching his buddy come, shot his load down my throat. I swallowed every drop. 

As he got off the hood, I saw a small man take hold of my legs and roll me over so I was bent over the car. Without any prompting I spread my legs and pushed my ass out so as to give full view of my wet cunt and easy access. He easily slid his cock into me, and though it didn't fill me like Tom did, he made up for it in maneuvering it so well as to press firmly against my G-spot. 

With each rhythmic move I could feel the wetness of my own lust flowing down my legs, his cock and small frame pounding against me. Realizing what a luscious sight this must be from the looks on the other mechanics' faces, my mind played with the image as he fucked my slick hole. My full tits heaved back and forth as his momentum was building and his hands grasped my hips so tight that I was restricted from any movement. I could tell he was ready to come, even with only this brief stimulation, but he followed Tom's lead and shot his seed on my smooth skinned ass rubbing the head along the crevice between my cheeks for his last spurts. 

"God what a nice pussy," I heard him say as another pair of hands took hold of me, turning me around so I was face to face with the office manager again. His callused fingers were firm and swelling like sausages as he lead me to the hydraulic lift, which was raised about knee level. 

He let his pants drop to the floor as he straddled it pulling me onto him. His years were not apparent in the vitality of his penis which stood rigid and tall ready to show these young men how to really fuck a pussy. Facing away from him, I rode this monstrous meat, the hair on his chest tickling my spine. I watched the other 4 gripping their cocks as they watched not wanting to infringe on the boss's playtime. The excitement was welling up in me as I made the first move calling over the last guy with a crooked finger. Ben was shy and the youngest, maybe all of 20, as he nervously walked close enough for me to stroke him. Where the manager's was rich with skill and girth, this young stud was long and thin in his endowment. 

I gently lead him closer until my tongue could taste the precum on the tip. He swayed at this attention and I had to hold him up as I swallowed more than half of his cock into my wet mouth. This only made my body burn more driving me harder onto the cock in my cunt and whimpering with my mouth full of young meat. The manager kept my rhythm tight with pulsing sensations wrapping around my waist, like a jack hammer he pounded me harder and for only a brief second I realized that tomorrow I was not going to be able to walk. I urged him on with my own force making sure to not lose attention of the smooth tool resting between my lips. 

I took a breath of air teasing Ben's cock with kisses and the manager took this as his opportunity to lift me off of him. In a sex crazed daze I was fearful that this ride was over, but the mature man read my needs and knew what I truly wanted. He instructed Ben to straddle the lift facing me and told me to give him a ride. Replacing the thickness of one cock for depth of another was fine with me as I wrapped legs and arms around Ben and felt him delve into my hole. He was rigid and I knew I had to take it slow, wanting to give him the fuck of a lifetime. 

I wondered if the manager was through since I didn't hear the familiar moans of orgasm, but this was eased as I felt him put his cock head against the puckered opening of my ass. With a whisper he spoke, "Is this OK sweetie, I promise I won't hurt you?" 


I turned my head and kissed him sweetly with the words, "Fuck Me' escaping my lips. 

He took his time to gently penetrate this forbidden space with such a thick cock. I could see from Ben's expression that he felt the tightness too. With precision and lots of lust I slowly engulfed both cocks into me riding them, feeling my body being plunged into by these rough men. I had never been so fulfilled. The power of this threesome was by far the most erotically charged moment of my lifetime. The manager held my tits to Ben's lips as he licked and nibbled them concentrating on not losing his hard-on too quick. The warm breath of the manager was on my neck and ears soothing me with naughty words phrased in kind tones. 

Tom approached, hard again from watching this double duty, and put his swollen cock into my mouth. I was airtight and loving it with 3 cocks using me as I desired. I closed my eyes and rode faster fueled by the panting and not knowing whose voice was who's or if they were even my own moans. I opened my eyes to find the other two men stroking themselves over me with cocks everywhere to cover me in come. 

Like a chain reaction I was lifted up as the manager squirted over my back and Ben covered my front. The other two men came on my face and legs as Tom took his seed down my throat. I was showered in sticky come feeling both alive and dirty at the same time. 

Everyone was pleased and thanked me as Ben lead me to the small dingy bathroom to wash up. I returned to the office after replacing my clothing and innocent looking face, with them all waiting for me, dressed and looking exhausted. The manager ripped up my bill with a smile and told me to come back anytime. 

"I will," I said with a wink as I left. I guess this old junk heap is worth keeping I thought.