 I am a nightclub owner and your boyfriend has borrowed quite a lot of money from some friends of mine that should have been paid back by now. He comes to my club to ask for more time and brings you along thinking that nobody will do anything to him if you are with him. You are dressed up for the evening like a total slut, short black skirt, tiny white blouse with a red bra underneath and red stiletto heels. Your blonde hair is teased up and back and your lips glossy red. A thin black line of mascara gives your bright green eyes the look of a cat. You come to the bar and your boyfriend orders drinks and then asks to speak to me. I tell the bartender that the drinks are on me and then invite you to dance. I can tell he doesn't approve but your eyes light up so he doesn't object as I take you by the arm and lead you off into the crowd. 

We find a secluded corner of the dance floor and we start to dance to the club beat. As we turn I motion for the DJ to slow the music and as the next song mixes in the beat slows down and you draw closer to me. You put your arms over my shoulders as I pull you closer and slide my hands down over your tight ass. I breathe in the scent of your hair and your cheap perfume and realize that you are actually turning me on. I ask you if you know why your boyfriend has brought you to my club tonight. You admit that you don't but I can tell you had some suspicions about that too. I tell you that he owes some very nasty people a lot of money and I have been the one keeping them off his back but even I can't help him much longer. You are stunned but somehow you knew something like this was going on. You move your hips against me and look into my eyes, asking if there is anything you could do to help him. I think for a moment as my hands ride up under your short skirt and caress your bare ass, spreading the cheeks and probing between them. You don't move and close your eyes as you allow me to paw you. I smile and tell you that I just had an idea how we might work something out but you have to be willing to do exactly what I say. You agree without hesitation and I take your hand and lead you off the floor. 

Your eyes grow wide as I lead you quietly into the men's room but you don't say a word. I lead you into the end stall and undo your blouse and bra, groping your big soft tits for a moment and roughly pinching the nipples. I turn you around against the wall and pull the blouse off, tying it around your eyes as a blindfold. I remove your tiny red bra and use the bra straps to tie your hands behind your back. I turn you back around, blindfolded and bound with your big tits hanging free and placing my hands on your shoulders I push you down to your knees. I tell you just to relax and to stay right where you are until I come back for you. I go back out to the bar and find some of my friends, the ones your boyfriend is indebted to and send them back one by one to the men's room.

You stay where I left you and one at a time the men I sent back take turns using your mouth. They enter the stall and roughly shove their cocks into your mouth growling for you to suck it. You do as you are told and hungrily suck those hard cocks, licking and sucking for all you are worth until they cum in your mouth or pull out and cum all over your face and tits. They grab your hair as they fuck your face and call you a "slut" and a "dirty fucking whore". You are humiliated and crying at being treated this way but somehow the thought of being a slut for all these anonymous cocks has your pussy dripping wet. After my friends have used you I send a couple of my staff in just for good measure. Finally, after about the sixth guy has taken a turn I decide to give you a try myself.

I make sure that your boyfriend sees me from across the bar and watches as I head into the men's room. He hasn't seen you since I took you to dance so he follows me to find out where you have been. I reach the men's room and slip into the last stall as I pull my cock from my pants. You are still on your knees as instructed but now your makeup is smeared and gobs of sticky cum is dripping down your cheeks and chin and onto your chest. It runs down over your big full tits and down between your breasts. Some is clinging in strands to your hair and the blouse covering your eyes has soaked through in places where even more cum has landed. I grab the back up your head and pull you toward me, guiding my shaft into your mouth with my other hand. I can tell you are getting tired but you wrap your lips around my shaft and start to suck. I am impressed with your dedication and my cock throbs in your hot cock sucking mouth as I take in the nasty view. As you suck harder I groan and push my cock deeper, thrusting my hips and fucking your mouth. You gasp for air as I reach down and pull the blouse off your face. Your eyes grow wide as you look up and recognize me. Then I feel you start to suck me with renewed energy. I actually realize that Ilove the feeling and you are really fucking turning me on. I groan out loud, "yeah baby suck my hard fucking cock....yeah that's it, show me what a nasty little slut you are"....

Just as I say those words the stall door opens and your boyfriend is standing there with a look of shock on his face. He stands motionless and I watch as his emotions pass from initial shock to confusion, then anger and rage, but then slowly to arousal and lust. I see the look in his eye and I ask if he wants a turn at this little slut's mouth. Your eyes go wide and you blush with shame and you look at him as I grip your hair and keep fucking your mouth even faster. You are powerless to stop me but I can tell you are afraid of what he must think. You want to cry out that you are doing this for him but your mouth is full of my shaft as you suck me. He slowly pulls his cock out and strokes it close to your face as he watches you service me. I offer you to him and suddenly pull my cock free of your mouth. You start to talk, trying to tell him that you love him but he tells you to, "shut the fuck up you filthy fucking whore and take me in your mouth." You start to cry again as he fills your mouth and chokes off your sentence. Again you do as you as you are told and start to work his shaft like the others before. 

I step back a bit and watch, slowly stroking my cock but then I have a better idea and squeeze past the two of you and around behind you. I sit down on the toilet and grab you by the hips from behind, lifting you off your knees until you are partly standing, then I pull you back towards me. I lift your skirt and find that you weren't even wearing panties as I spread your legs and pull you down onto my cock. Your cunt is so fucking wet that your juices are running down the inside of your thighs. My hard shaft slips between your lips and you quickly sink all the way down on me. Your hot dripping wet gash is so hot that my cock pulses rapidly inside you and I build closer to cumming as you start to ride my shaft while he fucks your mouth. I hear him groan that he is about to cum and you work faster on him as he grabs your head and sinks deep into your mouth. You gag as he explodes into your throat and I hear you suck up every drop.

I grab your hips and fuck myself faster with your sticky wet cunt, you squeeze your inner muscles milking me into you and bringing me to the edge. He pulls out of your mouth and starts to come down from the excitement and looks down at you as you ride me. He slaps your sticky face and calls you a, "dirty fucking whore". He tells you that he loved you and asks how you could do this to him. You cry out and babble almost incoherently that you were only trying to help him and work off some of his debt. I laugh out loud as I pound into you harder and at last my balls contract and my hot cum gushes out of me up into your hot tight little cunt. Your pussy spasms at the same time and you can't help yourself, your pussy squeezes me again and again as you cum and your juices run down my shaft.

Your boyfriend looks mortified as he realizes what has happened. He tries to tell you he is sorry but you collapse back against me and tell him to fuck off and get out of your life. He turns bright red with shame and anger and slinks out of the room and into the arms of some unfriendly looking men. I reach up and knead your big tits from behind. I tell you that a girl with your talents might just be useful to have around and maybe we can work out our own deal. You sigh and squeeze your pussy again draining the last drop of cum out of me and whisper that you would like that....