 Before you start to read any of my stories, please remember that they are just that, erotic stories, not a suggested lifestyle, and not a documented real life situation. They can contain wife sharing with multiple partners. If this offends you, read no further. Furthermore if you must read them thinking that it is all true, please be aware that it set on the planet 'Clean' which is free of STD's and unwanted pregnancies. There are no such thing as cheating slut wives, wimp husbands, and broken marriages etc. etc.

If you choose to read on I really hope that you enjoy it, and will take a second to vote, but you have been warned. Do not bother writing to me to tell me the error of my ways, I know all that! Constructive feedback is very welcome, I will always reply and am open to ideas and opinions. I have now chosen not to accept anonymous comments to avoid the idiots who sit at the gates of an erotic story site moralising. Go and get a life!

Thanks to Bob and Paula for the suggestion, I hope you enjoy it!

***

Bob and Paula had been in London for two days. Having recovered from the long flight, Paula had been busy shopping in Oxford Street, and had just arrived back at the smart hotel on the Cromwell Road laden with bags. Bob was not that interested in shopping, but when she started to show him the sexy outfits, underwear, shoes and boots that she had just bought, his interest increased. Paula had hinted that she might go through with their plans to let Bob watch her with another man while they were in the UK, and looking at the new clothes that she had bought only increased Bob's hopes that she would fulfil her promise. They had often fantasised about her getting laid in front of him, and she had given him a brief taste of her abilities to attract men in a small bar just before they left the States. 

Paula was in her early thirties, some fifteen years younger than Bob, and he knew that she could manage a lot more cock than he could give her. Not being a selfish man, he was willing to let her have it as long as he could either watch or join in, in fact he actively encouraged the idea and couldn't wait to see her in action.

***

That evening they ate out at a small Italian bistro just a short walk from the hotel. While taking coffee and liqueurs after the meal, Paula brought up the planned fantasy ideas again.

"Bob, you know what we've been talking about, ...you know, with me and other men, well, we agreed to keep it until we were in England didn't we?"

"Yeah, why? Are you having second thoughts honey? You know there's no pressure, I just ..."

"No, it's not that, not at all, we're both looking forward to our little games aren't we. I'm just not sure how we are going to go about it, or when. Do we both plan it, or just one of us? I just need a little clarification honey!"

Bob smiled and looked at his beautiful wife. Once again, the thought of seeing her taking cock from another man, or even men, was making his cock stiffen. He knew that people would think him mad for wanting to share her, but what could he do. It turned him on more than anything and it wasn't as though he was the first to think like this. Hell, it turned them both on! Many nights had been spent with him pretending to be a friend, or better still an intruder who was taking advantage of his wife. They both loved it, but now they had the chance to act out their fantasies!

"Paula, just relax. When the moment is right it will happen, trust me. One of us will see an opportunity and we will make it happen!"

***

Later that evening as they arrived back at the hotel, Paula hoped that Bob would suggest a night cap in the bar again. They had stayed late last night and she had enjoyed the attention of the two rugged looking Aussie barmen, Dave and Roy. As they walked through the lobby, Bob asked.

"Fancy a couple of stiff ones before we retire?"

She smiled inwardly at the humour as they approached the bar, that was exactly what she had in mind. She just hoped that they were both on duty again tonight. As it turned out, they had more than couple of stiff drinks as they sat in the comfortable lounge chairs. Paula had managed to sit so that her long legs where easily viewable from the bar, and was pleased that the two barmen seemed to be concentrating on working at the end that gave them the best view of her. She slowly shifted her position until she was quiet sure that her stocking tops were on show. Bob chatted away in ignorance of her little display.

After an hour, the moment she was waiting for arrived. Bob excused himself and disappeared off to the toilet. Dave and Roy wandered over to the table to clear the empty glasses.

***

As Bob returned to the bar, he was surprised to see the two barmen standing at the table chatting to his wife. As he approached, they quickly moved away.

"Everything all right hon?" he asked, taking his seat.

"Fine darling, I was just asking those boys where they are from. Perth it turns out, I have no idea where in Australia that is, but I didn't like to admit that!" She giggled.

Bob finished his drink and looked at his watch.

"The bar closes in ten minutes hon, d'you want another or shall we go up?"

"Let's go up darling, I feel like a little fun tonight. I thought you might like to see me in some of the new clothes that I bought yesterday, I know I was too tired last night, but I feel much better this evening!"

Bob didn't need telling twice, after the disappointment last night, he was definitely up for sex tonight, and if Paula was going to wear something sexy, so much the better! Ten minutes later they entered the room. Bob set the lights down low as Paula started to look through her new acquisitions.

"Anything that you particularly fancy darling?" She asked.

"You know the sort of thing I like hon, I'll leave it to you this evening."

"O.K. I'll surprise you, but first I have another little surprise, take your clothes off and come and sit over here." 

Bob liked it when she took the lead, stripping off, he took a sat in the chair as instructed. Paula produced several lengths of soft rope and walked towards him.

"Before I change, I want to tie you to the chair, that way I can tease you a little, I want to make sure that you're good and hard tonight! Your wife needs some good lovin'! How does that sound baby?"

Bob grinned, his cock was already stiffening.

"That sounds pretty damn hot to me honey!"

***

Once she was satisfied with the knots securing his wrists and ankles, Paula sauntered off to the bathroom to change. Bob sat in silence, looking down at his erection as he listened to her preparations. He could hear a shuffling noise which he didn't recognise. The taps turned on and off a few times, then he heard the hiss of perfume being sprayed. Two long zips were being drawn together, followed shortly by the click of heels on the tiled floor. Finally, the door opened and Paula strutted out.

Bob gasped as he looked her up and down, from the soft black basque which only just covered her full pale breasts, to the black stockings and suspenders, and down to her bright red knee high boots with very high stiletto heels. He noticed that she wobbled sexily as she walked in them.

"Well hon, what do you think?" Paula asked as she twirled in front of him.

"Hot! You look so fucking hot babe, you're sure gonna get some action tonight!"

"Mmm," She smiled, "That's just what I have in mind!"

Paula swayed over to Bob and stood in front of him. She parted her legs and lowered her herself onto Bob's right knee. He could feel the hot dampness of her pussy as she gently took hold of his cock and began slowly pulling on it. Leaning forward she flooded his senses with her perfume as she kissed him on the lips. She felt his cock grow harder.

"You feel ready for me now hon, would you like me to suck you a little first?"

"Oh man! Yeah, get down on your knees and suck me hard! Go on baby, you know I love that!"

Paula slowly eased herself from his knee, and knelt between his legs. Cupping his balls with her left hand, she took his cock delicately between the thumb and fingers of the other hand. Wanking him gently, she let her fore finger smear a little of his pre-cum around the head of his cock.

"You really want me to suck this hon, you want me to put that big throbbing dick in my hot little mouth?"

"Fuck yeah baby, go on, suck me right on in!"

Paula's head moved down, her mouth opening in readiness. She flicked his dome against her glossy red lips few times, before pulling back his foreskin and running her tongue around his helmet. She felt his cock twitch in anticipation. Paula slipped his cock between her parted lips and slowly lowered her head over it, swallowing him until he felt himself bottom out on the back of her throat. She sucked him hard, murmuring appreciatively as her head began moving up and down on his solid erection.

He glanced sideways and took the in the scene as it was reflected in the full length mirror. Fuck! He thought, she looks so good, I can't wait to see her like this with another guy. He quickly imagined sinking his cock into her from behind as she was sucking like this on another cock. The sensations in his own cock brought him back to reality.

"Oh yeah! That's it baby, suck me hard, fill that hot little mouth with my big hard dick!"

Paula's mouth was working him steadily now, and he could hear her moaning in pleasure as her head bobbed up and down.

"Hey baby, baby, take it easy! That's just a bit too good, I'll be cumming in you mouth soon and it'll be all over, I just wanna give you a real good fucking!"

Paula slowed and pulled his cock from her mouth. Looking up at him with big round innocent eyes, she continued to rub it around her mouth.

"How you gonna fuck me hon, you're all tied up?"

"Well, I guess you're gonna just have to untie me then."

"Mmm, but if I can't undo the knots, we have a problem, don't we. I'm in desperate need of cock and you're tied to the chair, we might have to get help."

Bob was just about to tell her to stop messing about when there was a gentle tap on the door.

"Shit, who the hell's that?" he hissed.

Paula smiled up at him. "Give me a moment and I'll find out." She stood up and strutted towards the door.

"Hey Paula, what are you doing. You can't go answering the door like that!"

She looked back and winked at him before opening the door.

***

Dave and Roy entered the room carrying an ice bucket containing a bottle of champagne, three glasses and a tray, there was an awkward silence all round.

"Heck lady, are you sure we're not interrupting anything here?"

"It's Paula, and no, you're just in time!" She turned to Bob, "Aren't they hon?"

"Oh really," Roy said, "I'm liking the look of what we're just in time for, eh Dave?"

Dave put the tray down an offered to pour. Paula watched Bob's face for a few seconds before she spoke.

"There we are hon, help has turned up just when we needed it most!"

Bob sat open mouthed, was this the moment that he'd been waiting for?

Paula took the glass of champagne that was offered to her. She took a sip, then placed her glass on the table. She stood facing the two barman, and let her hands rest lightly on their chests.

"You boy's must be warm in all those clothes! Let's not mess around, you two know why you're here, why don't you strip off and come and join me on the bed! You'll be a lot more comfortable."

She positioned herself opposite Bob on the edge of the bed in the centre. Watching the two barmen quickly undress, she patted the area either side of her and told them to sit down.

"You see the problem don't you boys, my husband seems to think that I'm ripe for a good fucking, but he can't do it because he's tied to the chair. This gives you two an option."

Paula's hands slid over their legs, looking at Bob with a wry smile on her face, she took hold of both cocks and began to gently work them.

"You can either release my husband and leave, or, if you would prefer, you could stay and do the job for him. What do you think boys?"

Paula looked down at the two Aussie cocks that were now growing nicely. 

"Mm, they do feel hard! It feels to me as though the right thing would be to stay!"

Dave spoke first.

"O.K. Paula, I'm convinced, how about you Roy?"

"Yeah mate, count me in, anyway, we always work better as a team!"

Paula smiled, "Good! that's settled then, well Bob, looks like everything's working out fine. You can relax for a while, I seem to have found two very big cocks to warm me up! Just look at the size of these honey, this is just what I need, isn't it? " 

She looked from Dave to Roy.

"So boys, don't be shy, why don't you come and kiss me so that we can get better acquainted!"

Bob watched in disbelief as Roy took his wife in his arms, their lips meet as though they were lovers, the two of them slowly lay back on the bed. Dave was soon laying alongside and pulled Paula's face towards him. His tongue buried in her mouth as Roy began nibbling her neck. He watched her hands as she continued to work on their cocks.

"Oh Bobby darling, can you see how well they are kissing me, I think they want me as much as you do!

She broke away and guided their heads down towards her breasts. Dave and Roy pulled the top of her basque down to release them.

"Come on boys, lick my nipples, let me feel your tongues on my big tits!"

Bob's cock ached as he watched their hands roaming freely over his wife's body. he continued to watch intently as he saw them start to maul and suck on her tits.

"Oh God, that's lovely, Ooh yes, now slow down boys, there's no rush!"

Their hands were on her pussy now as Paula slowly let herself slip to the floor. Her two Aussie studs stood up either side of her with their cocks pointing at her face.

"What should I do Bobby, do you think they would like it if I sucked them? They have such lovely big cocks! I'm not used to cocks this big am I darling, do you think I could get all that rigid meat in my mouth hon? Mmm, I think I should try don't you, you love it when I suck yours and I'm sure that they'll feel the same!"

He watched in quiet disbelief as her mouth opened and she pulled Dave's cock towards her luscious red lips. Her mouth opened a little more, with one hand cupping his big hairy balls she tugged him forwards as she swallowed him up. 

"Jeese mate, wait 'till get your cock in here!" Dave gasped to Roy. "She's got a real cock suckers mouth on her, fucking hell! We've struck gold here!"

Roy pulled her head from Dave's cock and slipped his own dick between her parted lips. He was soon pumping hard.

"Too true mate, I gonna shoot my load in here before we finish, Christ, that is good!" I bet she swallows every drop!"

Dave looked at Bob.

"Is that right mate, your good lady wife here loves to swallow cum? Fuck, I sure hope so, I'm gonna give her about a gallon if she keeps sucking me like this!"

Paula was quickly moving her mouth from one cock to another, her eyes meeting Bob's when ever she could get the angle right. Finally she pulled off, panting.

"Hey you two, what about me, how about getting down on my pussy, a girl needs some action too you know."

Dave pulled her onto the bed. As she knelt there he lay back, slipping his head between her thighs he pulled her shoulders down so that she could carry on sucking his cock. Roy quickly knelt over Dave's legs so that he could also offer his cock to her mouth. Paula was soon grinding her wet pussy into Dave's face, gasping in pleasure as the two cocks fought over her mouth.

"Oh Bob, look hon, so much cock! So much lovely, lovely cock, Oh God, this what you wanted to see hon, isn't it? Am I doing this right? Oh God, this is so rude, Oo fuck, I need one of those inside me, stop boys, stop a minute!"

Paula climbed off the bed and walked over to stand in front of Bob. Turning sideways, she called them over.

"Dave, come here, let Bob see you slide that big thick cock inside me! You want to see that don't you honey, you want to see me being fucked by Dave while I suck on Roy's cock"

Dave lined up behind Paula and Bob watched breathlessly as he bent her over and started to ease his cock into her pussy. As she gasped, her mouth was quickly filled by Roy's cock, muffling her moans of pleasure. As they started to pump their cocks into his sexy wife, he wished his hands were free so that he could grip his own cock. But there was no relief, he watched helplessly as Dave slapped his body against her bum. Her lovely full tits jiggled invitingly in front of him as they both pumped away, satisfying themselves with her hot body. They swapped places and Bob watched her take Dave's cock in her mouth, already wet with her own juices. They continued to spit roast her in front of him, changing ends occasionally as she squirmed and moaned in pleasure. 

Finally, Roy pulled his cock from her mouth, in one quick movement, he picked her up and slide her over his cock. With her legs around his waist, he carried her over to the bed, falling on top of her.

"Right lady, I'm about ready to burst now, time to give you a real good ride!"

Dave climbed across her stomach and gripped her booted ankles, his muscular arms holding her legs apart as Roy gripped her hips and started to bang away at her pussy for all he was worth.

"Go on mate, give her what she wants, fill her up, I want her nice and wet for my go!"

Paula was also urging him on, telling him to fuck her harder.

"Oh Bob, his cock feels so hard in my little pussy! Oh darling, oh my God, I think he's going to unload inside me soon!"

Bob watched from behind as Roy's balls slapped against her bum. He knew that it wouldn't be long now before they would be dumping their load deep inside his wife. He was amazed that he kept this terrific pace up for what seemed an age, Paula was urging him on, shouting.

"Harder, harder, Oh God, Oh my God, don't stop, Oh my God!"

Finally, Roy released his load, groaning as he exploded inside Paula. He thought they would let her rest a bit now, but as soon as he pulled out, Dave quickly took his place. He remained standing, pulling Paula's body up to meet his. Gripping her bum, he pushed his cock in without ceremony and soon built up speed. Paula lay back with her arms above her head like a rag doll as Dave pounded her pussy.

"Oh my God darling, here's another one now, Oh God, I've never been fucked so hard, Oh yes, go on! Oh Bobby, he's so deep inside me, you don't mind do you darling? You don't mind him working his big hard cock off in your wife?" 

Bob didn't mind at all, he watched intently as her big tits flayed around in time with his thrusts. Dave slowed down, lowering Paula back on the bed.

"Kneel up baby, I'm gonna fuck you doggy style so you can suck on Roy's cock, while I cum inside you!"

Paula quickly obeyed and was soon impaled on the two thrusting cocks.

"Hey Bob!" Dave called, "Is this what you like, seeing your lovely wife getting a spit roasting? Fucking weird if you ask me, but I've gotta say, she's a beauty! Sexy lady and a bloody marvellous fuck, ain't that right Roy?"

"Oh fuck yeah!" muttered Roy as he continued to work his cock between her lips. "And a fucking mouth like a cunt, built for shagging, this little minx!"

Bob continued to watch as the two Aussies banged away at Paula. She was sucking hungrily on Roy's cock as Dave began slapping her arse in time with their thrusts. He saw Roy's body stiffen, he gripped her head and gasped as he pumped his seed down her throat.

As Dave realised what was happening, he couldn't hold back either, gripping her bum firmly, he fucked his cock into her as hard as he could as felt the pressure build to blowing point. He let go and hosed his spunk deep inside her as he emptied his balls with a low guttural groan. Finally satisfied he released his grip and let her flop unceremoniously onto the dishevelled bed.
