 When I first saw Peggy Sanford, she impressed me as a very prim and proper, classy, country club wife. After five minutes of conversation, the fact that she was married to a much older man who keeps her in a very comfortable but unsatisfied sexual lifestyle surfaced. She works and travels, not for money, but to escape the life that she has been trapped in for many years. At age 47, she is the typical super-sexed middle age woman who loves raw excitement mixed with wild and endless sex to the point where she will do just about anything for the next exciting experience. I'm not in love with her. But, openly, I am attracted to and awed by her endless sexual appetite. 

To tell you a little her physically and personally, Peggy has been married "all of her life," as she describes it. Her husband is now in his late 70's and golf is his life. Little does he realize that he is living with a "life support system for a pussy!" He seems to have forgotten or just doesn't care that her hungry body continuously screams for endless wild sex and deep orgasms, one after another. 

Peggy is a former flight attendant, flying for 14 years before she was forced to change jobs. During our first evening together, with considerable coaching, she told me exciting stories from her flight attendant life. For example, once Peggy gained some seniority and with a choice of schedules, she became buddies with a group of girls who flew to Las Vegas. The schedule had a long layover and the girls, needing a little extra money and some excitement, became escorts during their time in town. That told me I wasn't dealing with "Miss Innocents" here. She has sexually done it all with men, groups of men, women, couples, and more.

Peggy is an extremely attractive woman. Words can not do her justice. She stands about 5'3", is about 105 pounds, and bare ass naked, she is a firm and natural 35C-25-36. Her gorgeous tits are all hers, upturned with a wild upwards, bouncy tilt, tipped with nipples that obviously show through bras and blouses. Her ass is firm and curvy, a nice size for cupping in each hand as you fuck her standing up! In a t-shirt, braless, all you can see are nipples! They truly point at you! Between those cute, curvy, girly ass cheeks is the perfect rosebud that screams, "Fuck me too!" She is beautiful! I guess that blows the theory that the really good looking women don't like sex.

Her pussy is perfect for a 47 year old woman... it has a thick bush. I don't know about you, but I was brought up in the era when grown women all had hair on their pussies. This new custom of girls shaving their cunts is okay, but like having tattoos, it isn't for me. I asked Peggy about her bush and if she ever considered shaving it off. She told me that she tried it, but unless you have the time and desire to shave it every day, women like her find that a half day of re-growth is beyond uncomfortable. Trust me, if you ever encounter her, you'll see her pussy lips and that protruding pink clit clearly from within that bush without having to hold it open. But, that dark bush is really a turn-on for older guys like me.

During our first evening together, after breaking through that "prim and proper, country club wife" impression, I discovered this woman was a sex starved slut who craved making cocks cum, making pussies wet, anal sex, and endless exhibitionism. All I had to do was reach over and put her hand on my half hard dick and she'd have my zipper down and her lips locked around my dick! Is she a verified, qualified, hungry nymphomaniac? More on this in a moment.

We talked for hours, and during that time I fucked her three times, two pussy fucks and one deep in her tight and very cute ass. She wanted more, but three is about all I can give without some advance notice, and that doesn't count the two additional times she sucked me off. I thought she was going to turn me inside-out before morning. I've never encountered a woman that could go from being "Mrs. Prim and Proper" to "Slut of the Year" as quickly and easily as Peggy can. Both times, when she sucked me off, I didn't have to ask, "Spit or swallow?" My cum was gone, and she was licking her lips for more. This is the woman that men dream of.

The next morning, as she stood there in front of me bare ass naked, I could feel my obviously whipped cock stir as I admired her fantastic body. Without a word, I got up and walked over to her, and, from behind, gave her a kiss on the neck. In doing so, I slipped my finger between her cheeks and caressed her asshole with circling caresses. She arched her ass outwards, and pressed against my finger. "Don't start something you can't finish" I was reminded.

Soon, she was dressed in a manner of speaking. Peggy had left off her bra, her panties, her slip, and was wearing just a form-fitting knit dress, some thigh-highs, and a pair of 5" pumps with sexy straps. Being "fucking good looking..." didn't even come close to describing her. When Peggy walks into a room, people don't just glance. The moment she is seen, everything stops and all heads turn! As I found out later, when you take her to an adult theater, guys almost run to get close enough to be included...and include them she will!

During breakfast, as we sat side by side, we talked about many things. I learned she has been married since her very early 20s. Although she and her husband had enjoyed a very active and intense sex life in the early years, it has gone by the wayside as his health encountered problems. He did very well in business, giving her a life in the perfect eight thousand square foot home on the inland waterway with every extra you can imagine. He keeps her in a very comfortable lifestyle, complete with a baby blue BMW convertible which is replaced and renewed every year. She is a beautiful, well kept woman with no desire for anything... except wild and endless sexual excitement. 

Her traveling job as an on-site claims rep is perfect for getting out of town and having fun when her work assignments are completed. Although we clicked right away, and it was obvious the attraction was there, she made it crystal clear that she was not looking for a love affair.

As I continued to dig more deeply into the corners of her mind, I reassured her that with a wife and kids at home too, I wasn't looking for romance either, but I'd love to be there as her guide and escort for endless sexual adventures. This put her at ease. A woman like this is every man's dream. I felt lucky to have discovered her and to have the chance to explore and exploit Peggy sexually to the maximum.

In covering the sexual topics and adventures that I enjoyed, I carefully watched her for any reactions. As we all know, some things turn a woman on and others are a turn-off. You never know until you bait the sex hook and see if she bites. I wanted her so turned on with possibilities that she would become a female battery bunny and "just keep cumming and cumming!"

As I went from one subject to another, Peggy kept bringing me back to the video store, adult theater scenario. Crossing and uncrossing her legs, squirming indicated this excited her, and she asked more and more about what went on in the theaters, in the booths, and in the book stores. 

I have long been a "full blown" participant in theater action, especially when the woman was an attractive wife. Getting my dick sucked by some other guy's wife while a dozen hands are all over her, sometimes getting to unload in her mouth or on her face, makes this one of my sexual favorites. Single women are great, but married women are my favorites. She was hooked. She wanted to do it all! With her next trip just a week away, I started describing where we would go and what we would do.

After getting to know Peggy during our continued conversations, I found our relationship was growing based on the insight that this very attractive woman was really two very different females living within the same gorgeous body. On one hand, Mrs. Peggy Sanford is a very prim and proper woman, a wife with a much older, trusting husband at home. She is a very well kept woman with a country club life, easily presenting the image of the classic soccer mom and a charming Sunday school teacher. Yet, all of this charm is in a body that can turn heads and cause men to grab their crotch whenever she walks into a room.

Peggy is so sexually charged that she easily qualifies as the first real life nymphomaniac I've ever encountered in all of my fifty years of erotic adventures. Besides being both an aggressive and passive bisexual, she craves the sight, the touch, the taste of every man she passes. She confessed to me that her tarnished reputation in high school was so well known that boys would date her, knowing if they just placed her hand on their cock, hard or soft, covered or uncovered, that she was good for a blow-job or more that surpassed description.

We discussed the things she had done during her flight attendant days, the adventures she had enjoyed during her travels in her current job as an on-site insurance claims rep. As Peggy's 14 year career as a wild flight attendant ended because the company closed, she tried staying at home and being the non-working soccer mom. Soon, she ended up climbing the walls, unable to live with herself after becoming a guilty slut, sucking the cocks and fucking several neighbors, the UPS guy, the pool boy, and countless others. It was at this time that she started her current job as an on-site claims rep. Playing too close to home was becoming a problem, and she was smart enough to know it. 

Her husband does not have a clue about any of this. Let me pause here and tell you that we are not dealing with a fantasy woman. Peggy, at age 47, is a real person, and the words that follow tell a true, real life story, written by a very lucky observer and participant. Her posted stories tell of a real person, with words that allow you just a little insight into this total sexual being.

Today, while working a claim in the local area, she was about to embark on a new sexual adventure. This would expose her to another wild and real life adventure. She was going to an adult theater, with me as her escort. I was there to enjoy some of the fruits of this sexually charged nympho, and to guide her into the sexual darkness of being a willing and exceptionally beautiful woman, soon to be on row 1 of the "Bijou" theater. We had discussed what it would be like, what would probably happen unless she changed her mind and voiced, "I can't do this!" I knew that wasn't going to happen.

Standing before me nude, she asked, "What should I wear or not wear?"

As I sat there, having fucked her twice that morning, I said, "Wear something that looks sexy, complete with thigh-high hose, heels, and make sure the top is very sexy and feminine and unbuttons easily, allowing access to those beautiful tits of yours. As for panties, wear them, but make sure they can come off easily. I've already told you what to expect, and you are going with the knowledge that it will, if you don't stop the guys. That is exactly why you are here, isn't it?"

She looked up and smiled, saying "Yes, that is why I am here."

As she pulled her white, see-through bikini panties up over that beautiful bush, I felt my cock swell with desire and anticipation. The dark shadow of her bush was captivating!

I stood up, walked over to her, giving her a kiss as I caressing her beautiful, upturned, natural tits, slipping a hand into her panties and between the wet lips of her endlessly hungry cunt. I thought to myself "This is the kind of woman that men would die for! There is endless pussy between these beautiful legs, and an ass that loves to be fucked and fingered, all making her cum repeatedly!"

Once Peggy was dressed, she stood in front of me. All I could think was "Damn, baby, the guys are going to love your ass!"

Her outfit was perfect. She had picked a very feminine white blouse with a "V" neck and big buttons. When she bent over, you could see her sheer white bra cupping those beautiful breasts. The skirt was a short but classy "A" line, fitted at the waist and then pleated, flaring out, offering easy access to her upper legs and allowing some great views of those thigh-high covered legs and her see-through white bikini panties. Her 5" heels with the ankle straps were the perfect slut shoes!

As we slipped into the waiting cab, the driver turned and looked back, saying "Where to?"

I responded "The Bijou!" In response, he turned and gave Peg the once-over, top to bottom. She smiled at him, squeezing my hand and crossing her beautiful legs as she did so.

At the ticket booth, the guy behind the glass smiled. "Couples theater is on the right and if you are adventuresome, single men... and couples also are welcomed in the theater on the left. You only need one ticket. Women get in free today." 

He could not take his eyes off Peggy's tits. She smiled back, presenting the image of the prim and proper first time adult movie-goer, obviously was mixed with just a hint of slut.

As we turned to the theater on the left, Peggy was focused on the adult video store, located between the two theaters, and the darkness of the aisle that was at one end of the long hall leading to the booth rooms. "Is that the way to the little rooms with the holes in the walls?"

I nodded in response. 

"Oh my, that excites me!" She smiles as she squeezes my hand.

Entering the theater, we walked up a narrow aisle lined with the tiny little red lights in the floor. It was dark, but the tiny little lights emitted enough brightness to show the dark curtains at the end of the tiny hallway. Entering the actual theater, the curtain behind us, we stood there for a moment, allowing our eyes to adjust to the darkness. I caressed her curvy ass.

The theater screen was filled with the motions of this beautiful young blond housewife being fucked by a huge black man as she held the hands of a white guy, who I assumed was her husband in the story. 

Peggy could not take her eyes off the action. In the meantime, I glanced around and realized the theater had a nice group of guys for a Friday afternoon. There were about twenty rows of seats, probably a dozen or more guys, some together and some sitting alone. There was a couple sitting on the back row, and although there were a couple of guys close by, no action was taking place there. I assumed they had already had the action and had moved to the back for some recovery time. Experience had taught me that this was pretty much the standard for these places. When a couple wants some company and some hot action, they sit on the front row where they can be seen. The extra room in front of row one allows the guys free access to the girl friend or wife who is there for some attention. The light from the movie also lights the front row so the guys to get a good look at the gal. Peggy was still holding my hand in the darkness. "Are you ready?" I asked.

"Am I ever..." she responded. 

She actually guided me down the six or seven steps in the semi-darkness, down to the center of the first row.

I sensed movement in the theater within a minute of finding a seat. Peggy focused on the screen and the huge black dick slipping in and out of the mouth of the pretty white wife, being guided and encouraged by her husband. Soon, she too sensed the movement. I reached over and put my arm around the back of her seat, and soon she had guided my hand into the "V" neck of her blouse and into her bra. The guys knew what we were doing, and soon there was a guy beside her in the the opposite and three more guys filled the seats behind us.

I was on her left. The guy who had seated himself to her right already had his pants unzipped and his cock was out within a minute! I have to give these theater guys credit. They are fast and not shy! They circle a waiting couple faster than Clark Kent could change into Superman. 

The guy directly behind her slipped up on the edge of his seat. 

Whispering "May I?" as he reached over the seat back, I felt his hand fondling Peggy's other tit. The guy to the right, sitting there with his dick out, was now fully erect. He reached over, taking Peggy's hand and placed it on his cock. She immediately started caressing his full length. In a couple minutes, she pulled my hand, and the hand from behind us, out of her blouse. Then, she leaned over, lifting her ass cheek completely off the seat so her mouth could reach and suck the available cock! It had started.

I reached over and pulled her skirt up so her beautiful legs and her snow white panties were fully in view. Soon, we were surrounded. Peggy was too busy sucking that guy's cock to see the additional guys. But, as the light of the screen was blocked by male bodies, all waiting to see and participate, Peggy realized everything I had described to her was actually happening, live and in person! I wondered if she would pull her skirt down, panic, and run. It didn't happen!

As she looked up, three more cocks were out and before her eyes. They were all stroking, teasing her like fishermen with a live worms. I leaned over and told her to stand up, which she did.

Hands were everywhere! One set of hands unbuttoned the single button on the back of her skirt. Two others started un-doing the buttons on the front of her blouse. As the skirt dropped to her feet, hands unhooked her bra and let her beautiful 35C tits swing free from their captive, supportive cups. I could see her pert, prominent nipples standing up in the darkness, 

Before I saw it happen, those pretty see-through white bikini panties were down to her ankles and then, both bra and panties vanished. Not waiting for her skirt and blouse to vanish in the darkness too, I grabbed both and tucked them in the seat beside me.

I took a deep breath and counted. There were twelve guys there surrounding us. Several more were in the row behind us, but the majority of the guys were there right in front of Peggy, all in various stages of undress. There were cocks everywhere, and she was quickly surrounded by them, as she stood there in nothing but her thigh-high hose and those sexy heels. Hands were all over her... between her legs, and in, on, and all over her hairy snatch. Others were probing her sexy ass cheeks and the receptive asshole that awaited their touch and exploring fingers. Other hands fondled, squeezed and pinched her nipples and tits.

Peggy dropped to her knees, and with an erect cock in each hand, she started licking and sucking the hard dick of the guy who was between the other two. The guy who had received the first partial sucking while he was seated beside her was now trying get Peggy up and into position so he could guide her bare ass on his lap! He holding his cock so it would slip in her wet and obviously ready cunt. He was about to fuck her!

She willingly maneuvered her beautiful, glowing white ass to his lap, his pants now down and off. I caught a smile from her pre-cum covered lips as she reached between her legs with her left hand and guided the first cock of many into her wet and ready pussy. We had not been in the theater more than fifteen minutes, and already she had tasted four cocks and now she was sitting on the lap of the total stranger, and this man was humping her pussy! Her mouth was once again filled with cock, and each of her hands were placed on waiting dicks!

As the seated guy humped her as best he could, she wiggled her ass and expertly milked his cock for spurting cum. It didn't take long! Soon, he started jerking and then he exploded and emptied his balls in her receptive cunt! The cock she was stroking with her right hand soon spurted too. That didn't take long either! Peggy then turned to suck the last remaining drops, licking the whiteness off her hand in the process. She was certainly a hot sight, more than enough to make any man cum!
