 The whine of the landing gear dropping from it's well startled me out of my revere and I looked out the window. It felt like a fast trip, but then I was day-dreaming most of the way from Chicago. I stuffed my papers and books into my briefcase and tucked it underneath the seat in front of me. Always do what the flight attendants tell me to do! I pulled my seat belt just tight enough to be effective, but not so tight that I couldn't breath, and turned my attention to the up-coming landscape.

But I wasn't thinking about the landscape, my mind was on my clients, the couple I had to see here in Dallas. It seems they've gotten into some kind of mess with their neighbors and the insurance company isn't about to pay for it. But they're insisting which is the reason I'm on this flight to Dallas. Except I wish my assignment terminated here as well. Once I get off this jet then I've got to get into a rental car and drive a million miles in this hellish heat. It's August, and in Texas that means that the heat is enough to fry your brains inside of sixty seconds. The thing is to dash madly from the air conditioned airport to an air conditioned car. Except for the first five minutes the car is going to be hotter than a sauna. Maybe a nice smile and a little cleavage will one of these nice young men to drive the car over from the parking lot, and get it nice and cool.

Well, a little re-arranging, a nice smile, and leaning on the counter and now I'm sitting in a lovely, cool car making my way out of Dallas. Still, the difference between Chicago and Dallas is about thirty degrees and when I got dressed this morning I was still in a fog. Meaning that I put on a dark skirt and panty hose and while that works when the temperature is sixty-five degrees, it doesn't work when it's eighty-five in the shade! Which is what it is in Dallas. I'm one of those people who keep trim and fit, so when I'm driving I can sit back and put my right foot on the seat cushion and keep my left foot on the gas pedal. Of course when you do that with a skirt on you run the risk of exposing more than you might want the traveling public to see. But for me that's not an issue, I'm a natural born exhibitionist and have no qualms showing off to anyone.

So I hiked my skirt up and put my right food on the seat cushion cozy up against my ass, leaned back and toddled on down the road. That offered some cooling but not enough, so I started pushing my panty hose down, lifting first one cheek up then the other and slowly they were worked down to my ankles and off. The only problem was that my panties got all tangled up with the panty hose and they came down too! Now I'm sitting here butt naked for all the world to see. Oh well, all I can say is that it's a good thing I gave myself a nice clean shave this morning, couldn't stand having truckers looking at a stubbly pussy!

If you've never driven the highways of the country partially or completely naked it's something I highly recommend. Especially when you've got a nice cool breeze from the AC blowing on your pussy, keeping you cool. The way it works for me though, is that once I get some or all of my clothes off my thought turn to things that have nothing to do with business. Yep, its true, I start thinking about sex, especially when one of those big rigs rolls up along side and the driver is looking at my naked crotch and laying on his air horn. And then I start getting wet and hot. And the next thing you know I've got my free hand on my pussy rubbing and teasing in time with the clicking of the miles. I keep glancing up at the trucker and by the time I've made the fourth stroke on my pussy I can see the guy bouncing around in the cab trying to get his pants opened and his cock out. Must be difficult sitting down, wearing tight levies, and trying to get a hard dick out of them. Actually, one time I sat in a cab and watched a trucker doing that. A couple times I thought we were going to get killed, but he must have been well practices at it because after about two minutes he had his cock out and was jerking off like crazy. I was a bad girl, I'd been teasing him by sitting at the far side of the cab leaning against the door with my legs spread apart and fingering myself.

If you're going to drive, masturbate, and watch a trucker jerking off, you better pay attention, twice I nearly drove into the side of the guy's truck and that will take the edge off a forth coming orgasm faster than anything I can think of. So after the second time I licked my wet fingers and waving at him, hit the accelerator and shot on down the road. I know he continued to jerk off without my help. Good for him. And of course I was pretty hot and wet by this time and it was nothing for me to drive and finger my pussy at the same time. And I did, getting a wonderful orgasm before long. Of course I was terribly wet and all I could do, actually wanted to do, was to wipe my fingers across my pussy and licking my juices off them. I love the taste of my pussy juice and will indulge every chance I get. Especially if it's slathered all over a guys cock, or in his mouth, then I'll contentedly lick him clean. Of course this hold true if my playmate is a woman. Maybe even more so!

Orgasm finished, pussy dry, fingers licked clean, and a nice AC breeze blowing on my hairless pussy, all was right with the world. And it was time to get some solid food into my mouth. I programed the GPS to find the next cafe and made a bee line for it.

It was close to one in the afternoon and there were few cars or trucks in the parking lot, so I might have a very quiet lunch. Not necessarily what I wanted, a little company would be nice but I wasn't holding my breath. Besides, I was only about an hour from my clients place, I would have a conversation with them.

Exiting the car into the Texas air was like walking into a blast furnace. The heat took my breath away and I quickly headed for the diner. Stepping into the building the blast of arctic air conditioning did the same thing. Breathing in Texas is not the easiest thing in the world. But once I got used to it I sat in a booth by a window and went over the menu. A waitress with a Texas accent asked me if I was ready to order.

"Yeah, iced tea, lots of it, a tuna on rye with the works."

"Sure thing, honey. That be all?"

"Where's the ladies room?"

"Back there, end of the hall to the right."

"Thanks." And sliding out of my seat my skirt rode up a ways so if anyone was paying attention they would have gotten the full monty. No one was looking except an old cowboy at the end of the bar and he just grinned from ear to ear. I know he didn't get to see that much, but what little he did see, it sure made him happy. Probably the most he's seen in years. Maybe on the return trip I'd really fix him up. But for now all I wanted too do was pee.

That taken care of I returned to my booth. The old guy was grinning and looking my way. 'Aw what the hell,' I gave him a big smile and pulling my skirt up a little I slid into the booth, legs spread wide, and left them like that and went back to staring out the window. I glanced up, the guy's eyes were glazing over and he couldn't stop staring. Okay, enough, I closed my legs and the guy's face nearly fell off. But the thing of it was, it still made me very wet, I really get off when a guy is looking up my skirt and I could see that the old guy actually had a hard on. I'd of thought he was too old for that. You never know. At any event, if I'd of kept that up much longer I'd have a large wet spot on the back of my skirt.

I finished eating and checked my directions. It was about another thirty miles to my clients place. Good, I'd be there long before dark, and perhaps back on the road to Dallas while there was still daylight. I paid my bill and braced myself for the blasting heat and pushed the door open and nearly ran to my car. I jumped in and it was hotter that the outside! Last time I go to Texas in the summer. I got the thing going and the AC at full blast and headed down the road again, skirt riding high and fingers riding low! I love masturbating, especially after letting some guy ogle my pussy.

Between the Texas heat, the sun beating down and my wonderfully active imagination, and my fingers the job was getting done. I felt it coming. My organisms, if they're good, seem to start from my toes and work their way up, bouncing off my insides and rattling every nerve ending in my body. And this one was a good one! I jammed my fingers deep inside my pussy, legs went stiff and I reared up off the car seat yelling like a banshee! I must have cum a dozen time and my pussy was flooding the car seat. I had to pull my skirt up in back and sit naked on the lovely leather upholstery. But I didn't take my fingers out of my cunt, it felt so fucking good.

By this time I was doing over eighty miles an hour, and saw my turn as I shot right by it. Dammit! Gotta get back down to business. I slowed the car and as I licked my pussy juices off my fingers I looked for a place to turn around.

I finally got it all worked out, and as I was pulling into their driveway, I had a handful of tissue and wiping up the pussy juice. But I knew I was still going to be dripping as I stood in their living room! Oh well, that's life.

They turned out to be a rather charming couple, a few years older than me, and by the time they got done telling me of the problems with their neighbors it was well into the dinner hour. And my stomach was growling loud enough to be heard in the next county. Mrs. Wallace jumped up to do her thing in the kitchen leaving me with her husband who insisted I call him Adam. He was also a flirt and I've never turned my nose up at a good looking flirt. Besides, he hadn't stopped trying to look up my skirt since I sat down. But now that his wife was in the other room I did show him a bit of inner thigh. Don't get me wrong, I'm not into messing with a marriage, but I'm also not against a little exhibitionism when the opportunity presents itself.

Mrs Wallace, who instructed me to call her Alice, called us into dinner and I was most grateful. It was lovely, but I couldn't help getting past the feeling they were both flirting with me. But when I felt someone's bare foot sliding up the inside of my pant-leg I knew these two were on the make! I was still horney as hell and had no problem with going along with the program to see where it went.

Well, to make a long story short, it went straight out to the hot tub. While Alice finished off the dishes Adam took me outside to show it to me. Lovely, the water was the right temperature that would cool a hot body. We were making small talk when Alice joined us and asked if I'd like a cocktail. She had a pitcher of them made so who was I to refuse? Sitting on the deck drinking and watching the sun set we chatted and got loopier and loopier. I didn't get drunk, just that lovely buzz you get when all's right with the world.

Alice suggested we get comfortable in the hot tub, it was lovely this time of night. I demurely said I didn't have a bathing suit with me and she just laughed, "honey, we just jump in there with nothing on, more relaxing."

Adam laughed, "yep, don't take long 'till we're all family here." And to demonstrate he peeled right out of his clothes. And Alice was right behind him. In a moment they were both naked. She was shaved and svelte, a body I wouldn't mind playing with. And Adam, that man had the cock the size of a horse! It was awesome and I got wet just looking at it, know if I thought about it slamming into me for two seconds I'd have a screaming orgasm right then and there.

What the hell, I peeled out of my clothes in two seconds flat and we all climbed into the hot tub. And it wasn't long before things really got heated up! Damned if they didn't double-team me. Alice slide over from one side and Adam cozied up on the other and the next thing you know there were hands all over me. And I jumped right into it. My hand shot for Adam's cock and wrapping my fingers around it they almost didn't meet. That thing was hard as a steel rod and thick, and probably seven or eight inches long. My other hand was squeezing one of Alice's nipples and she had her tongue nearly all the way down my throat. And the both of them were trying to get their fingers in my pussy. They finally compromised, Adam was finger-fucking me and Alice was teasing my clit and I was going nuts! I'd been in threesomes before, but these two really knew what they were doing. I had to wonder what the real reason was for the law suit. 

I was pumping Adam's cock but I wanted it in my mouth and not letting go of it I climbed out of the hot tub and they both followed me. Adam lay down and I simply shoved that cock into my mouth and Alice was mouthing my pussy. It took a minute to get used to the size of his cock, but once I got past the gag reflex I went up and down on that throbbing piece of meat until he was groaning and moaning like crazy. In the meantime Alice was sucking on my clit and finger fucking me and I could feel my juices flowing. I think she was having a hard time keeping it all in her mouth, but the way she was sucking my pussy she was loving every minute of it.

But by this time I was getting close to an organism and I wanted Adam's load shooting down my throat the same time I was shooting my load. I was bucking hard against Alice's mouth and fingers, getting closer and closer, feeling the organism radiating out from the center of my being and listening to Adam I knew he was about ready to go too. He started yelling, "that's it, suck my cock! Bite down on it! I want to feel pain! I'm gonna cum!"

Bite it? That was a little weird, but far be it from me to disappoint. I bit down a little and he yelled for more. Okay, I chomped down good and hard then pumped it into my mouth. That did it, he went stiff as a board and was shooting load after load of cum down my throat, and that was when I had my own orgasm and slamming my cunt against Alice's face I was cumming hard and fast too. I was doing my best to keep all of Adam's cum in my mouth but some of it was beginning to leak out, but that was okay, it would give me a chance to lick his cock and balls clean.

We lay there for a few moments getting our breath. I ended up with his cum all over my face and Alice had my cum all over her face, so she decided to share. We were licking the cum off each other and tasting it in our mouths. But she wanted to cum too, and being the obliging couple that we were, Adam and dived right in. I went for her pussy and he went after her beautiful tits, nice a cups, the right size as far as I was concerned, but I'd get to them later, right now I wanted to taste her. And I did. She was already wet and dripping and her clit was almost as long as my pinky finger, just like sucking a small cock.

I went slow, teasing her pussy with my tongue and lips. I licked her lips and down to that lovely little space between her pussy and asshole and the way she jumped I got the impression no one had ever licked her there. When I did it again she pushed hard into my mouth so I gave her a good licking! As I was licking her, working my way toward her clit, Adam put two of his fingers in side her and began to finger fuck her. She was humping his hand and moaning and breathing hard. She was close, but I wanted to drag it out a little longer. I put my hand over Adam's and he slowed down, but she was too close. I went for her clit and began licking it, teasing it, getting it harder that it already was.

I put my mouth over her pussy and sucked her clit and lips into my mouth and Adam got the idea and went back to pounding his fingers in and out of her cunt. Within seconds she was screaming and pushing up hard against my mouth and Adam's fingers. After several orgasms Adam put his fingers in her mouth while I continued to suck put her pussy juice. Then I shared it with her and as I lay on top of her I rubbed my pussy against hers and thus we lay for several minutes, rubbing and kissing each other. From the corner of my eye I could see Adam, he had his huge cock in his hand and was slowly stroking it as he watched his wife getting fucked by me. 

Alice rolled out from under me and said she'd be right back. While she was gone I was all over Adam's cock and balls, sucking on his balls and jerking him off with my hand, then licking his huge cock and fondling his balls and he was laying back watching me with this big shit-eating grin on his face. Then Alice returned and she joined me in sucking his cock and licking his balls and kissing me. While we worked on Adam I felt another hard on rubbing against my thigh! What the hell? I looked down and Alice had a strap on and while it wasn't as big as Adam's cock, it was still a pretty good size. And I had to wonder who she was going to use that on. Probably on the both of us. Fine by me, I loved a good fuck by a lady with a strap on!

That's when Adam pulled my up and sat me on his cock. He put the head of it at the entrance to my pussy and teased my by sliding it back and forth between my pussy lips. Once his cock was throughly wet it slid it up and down between the cheeks of my ass. At that point I wasn't making any connections, I was just loving the feeling of that monster cock against my ass and pussy. Alice, in the mean time was sucking on my tits and humping my thigh with her big dick. This was like having two guys! I felt the head of Adam's dick at my entrance again and this time he slid it a little way in then pulled it out. He did this a few times then suddenly he slammed the fucking thing all the way up my pussy! I let out a howl that could be heard all the way to Dallas! But it wasn't pain, it was surprise, and joy! Wow! That felt fucking fantastic. For a few minutes he was pumping me hard, slamming that cock into my pussy with his balls bouncing against my asshole. I don't know that I have had such a fuck in my life.

He pulled my face down to his and had his tongue in my mouth keeping rhythm with his cock, slowing down, savoring the feeling of my cunt on his cock. That's when I felt Alice begin to lick between my ass cheeks and that was delicious, and then she rimmed me, and I have to admit, that was the first time I'd had a woman slide her tongue up my ass. And I will also admit it felt fantastic! A big dick in my cunt and a magic tongue in my ass! It couldn't get any better that that! 

Wrong! I did get better. For a moment things got quiet back there then I felt Alice's strap on dick at my asshole. Oh shit! I was about to get my ass fucked! Not something new, I've done it a couple times, but not when I already had a cock in my pussy. She slowly slid into me and while there was some pain, it was the kind of pain that you'd be begging for more. She had it all the way in and it was delightful! The matching their movements, Adam and Alice began fucking me in both holes. This was exquisite! I could feel the two cocks moving against each other, going in opposite directions, hitting every hot button in my pussy. Then I started having orgasms! And they didn't stop! And Adam and Alice didn't stop. After how many of them later, I was getting close to fainting and I fell forward onto Adam's chest, feeling the two cocks inside me as I continued to have orgasms, like the after shocks from a major, really major, earthquake!

Slowly Alice pulled the strap on out of my ass and began licking me slowly, like a nurse treating a patient. That felt wonderful, something that could go on for hours. And all the time Adam left his hard cock inside my pussy. He hadn't cum yet but he seemed a patient man. But after a few minutes he began slowly moving his cock inside me, and instantly I began to feel the build up to another orgasm. But that was fine with me, one more explosive orgasm with Adam's cum shooting in side me.
