 For those of you who didn't catch Chapter 3, here's a brief synopsis:

Jen and her married lover, Dan, have begun their affair. The office slime ball and peeper, Dave, knows of their affair and is looking to get a piece of Jen for himself, by blackmailing her. Jen's conflicted now. She's got to keep her affair with Dan private so neither will be fired yet she doesn't want to surrender to Dave, the peeping sleaze bag. To further complicate her emotions, Dave's sexual skills, lack of conscience, and raw lust actually appeal to the darker, whore side of her and make her want more of him.

Dave's just taken his first liberty with her in the company restroom as we begin:

*

I went back to my desk, trying to hide my shame. Surely the smell of my drenched panties gave me away and if not, the rosy blush of sex that covered my face, throat, and chest would.

I saw Dave walk past my cubicle, glancing back at me as he passed. The glance wasn't like before; it wasn't lewd..it was knowing. Or perhaps I was just looking at him in a different light now.

I began the afternoon's tasks but couldn't forget what had just happened. My panties were so wet that I might as well throw them out. They weren't serving any purpose other than as a sponge. I quickly jotted to the ladies' room and grabbed a stall. I pulled the panties off and before disposing of them, I lifted them to my nose and breathed in the scent of Dan's cum and my juices. My mind began to drift as I thought of all the cock I'd had today and how good it all felt. Instead of tossing out my expensive, Victoria's Secret panties, I decided to leave them as a gift for my new lover...not Dan, but Dave. There's no way a married man like Dan could keep a memento such as this so why waste it on him?

With panties wadded in hand, I marched into Dave's office. He was sitting at his desk, office door open. He looked up as I entered the small office and sat there silently. I closed the door behind me, walked over to his desk with the sleek moves of a runway model, took his hand in mine, and pressed my saturated, sex filled panties into his palm. He smiled at me and graciously accepted them, placing them into his drawer. I knew full well that if Dave wanted, he could use those against me later. He could expose my infidelity to Dan or file a sexual harassment charge against me with our office practice. Worse, he could expose my affair with Dan to the senior partners, which would get Dan or I fired, but I didn't care. What he'd just done to me in that restroom made me feel so dirty and yet so strangely liberated that I wanted to see what else Dave might have in store for me. It was worth the risks!

I turned to leave but then paused. Before opening his door, I invited Dave to dinner at my apartment that night, and he accepted.

Knowing I didn't have much time to prepare a full course meal, I stopped by the store, sans panties, to pick up a few things for dinner. I wasn't sure that we'd even eat dinner but I was hoping that someone would be eating someone else before the date ended. As I strolled through the aisles, my private knowlege that I was not wearing panties made me feel delightfully naughty. I caught myself gazing at stock boys who were still in high school and smiling at managers who obviously had daughters my age. I wanted to fuck everyone! I relived my day in my mind and my juices began to flow...literally. I would be in my shower before I realized that I'd forgotten to pick up dessert.

Later that evening at my apartment

The candles were lit on the table. The food was heating in the oven. The doorbell rang at precisely 7:30 p.m., right on time. Before I answered my door, I checked myself in the mirror. My black crepe dress clung to all the right curves. Cleavage began where the dress dipped down yet didn't reveal everything. My silk stockings were run-free (unlike those I'd worn earlier in the day when Dan had fucked me at the hotel). And the black lace panties I'd once bought for a special evening with Dan, were now adorning my smooth pussy for Dave.

I smoothed my hair, smiled my broadest smile, and answered the door. Dave stood there in jeans and a crisp white, button-down oxford, flowers in one hand, a small gift box with a lovely purple coiled ribbon, and a smile to match mine. His eyes sparkled as he ran them over my body (he loved to undress all the women at the office with his eyes and you could just feel his stare as though it were hands mauling your clothing from your limbs). He leaned in and almost boyishly, kissed my cheek. He handed me the flowers and the gift.

"Hello Jen. Nice to see you again. These (the flowers) are for now and this (the box) is for later."

"Hi Dave. Thanks for coming." We both giggled at my unintentional pun and I let him inside.

Dave smelled wonderful. I could tell he'd showered since work and a hint of Irish Spring hung in the air as his lips brushed my cheek. I was dying to open my gift now but I held back and placed the gift on my kitchen counter.

We chatted as I retrieved dinner from my oven and he placed the flowers in a vase. I was surprised by his conversational abilities and newfound manners. His courtroom skill was well known around the office but thanks to his lecherous conduct, I had no idea that he was well-traveled, well educated, and lets not forget, HUNG! I was impressed in more ways than one by this formerly disgusting man. And I knew that if the girls at work found out about this side of Dave, I'd either be laughed out of the office coffee pool or forced into competition for his big cock. I found myself enjoying his company and reveling in the memory of the sex he'd given me earlier.

The conversation flowed as smoothly as the wine during our meal and I couldn't resist kicking off my stiletto under the table and running my silk-encased toes up his leg. I could not get over how witty and charming Dave could be, especially after the things he'd said to me, the panties he ruined, and the way he'd fucked me this afternoon. This must be how he lured so many other women into bed (at least those he didn't pay)...this lounge lizard lawyer was cleaned up nicely. I don't know when or how he went from that annoying, creepy man at work to this helpful, engaging man in my apartment but I wanted to know more and lets face it, the man was making me incredibly HORNY!

After dinner, we took our wine to the living room. I'd put on some light jazz, kicked off both stilettos, and curled my legs under me as I looked into his eyes and hung on his every word.

At one point, I had to stop Dave to apologize for not remembering to pick up dessert. "I'm sorry Dave, I meant to get something truly decadent but I was in a hurry." Dave didn't need to know that I was not as much in a hurry at the store as I was mentally fucking the whole store staff and simply found myself thinking with my cunt instead of my brain.

"That's fine Jen. The something decadent that I want doesn't come from a store," he said as he ran his fingertips up my thigh, pushing my hem far above my knee, "I'd like to give you dessert." I could've blamed the wine but after my time with Dave in the attorney restroom, I knew it was my own lust that made me say "Yes Dave, I think I'd like that...quite a bit." My love for my married Dan seemed to be curbed by the anticipation of another tryst with Dave.

Dave took my glass and placed it on the coffee table with his. He moved closer and leaned in to kiss me. I slid my palm to his cheek and ran my fingers back into his hair, bringing his face closer to mine. Our mouths opened and fit like a puzzle. Our tongues darted and danced as though they'd known each other for years. I moaned into his mouth as he caressed my thigh and reached his hand under my ass cheek, pulling me up onto his lap. Our kiss never broke as I straddled his lap. My dress was hiked up past my thighs, the panties sneaking out below my hem. Dave picked me up and carried me, still kissing me, into my bedroom.

My legs slid down his body until my feet touched the floor. His hands ripped at the zipper of my dress, almost tearing it (the man had no respect for anything I wore). He pulled the dress from my shoulders, sucking and biting at my throat and shoulders. I felt devoured and LOVED it!

I was pulling at the buttons of his shirt, frantically, but couldn't open it as fast as my dress could be unzipped. As his mouth bolted for my tits and he sucked my nipple hard into his mouth, I gave up unbuttoning and just tore the damn shirt open, pushing it off his shoulders and down his arms, to the floor.

Holding his face to my breast as I moved backward to my bed, I pulled him down onto the bed, on top of me. He broke the suck long enough to pull my panties off, spread my legs violently, and to dive down into my cunt. This time, my cunt was clean and unused. He lashed at me as though he'd been starved. I slid my hands into his hair and grinded against his face, humping and thrashing under his tongue, his lips.

"Oh fuck Dave!!!!!!" I screamed!

I could feel the orgasm welling up faster than I'd ever imagined. I pushed his face down into me and pussy fucked his mouth. I could feel a gush of fluid leave me and his tongue darting around to catch every droplet.

With a glazed chin, Dave wasted no time in crawling up my body and pushing his dick into my wet cunt. His hand slid under my head and he pulled my face up to his for a sloppy kiss. His other hand moved from his cock, which was now stretching the limits of my tight pussy, to my breast, groping and plying it!

His tongue ravaged my mouth. I felt powerless under him and surrendering to him felt so fucking good! I allowed him to pummel me with his cock and his tongue, his hands to travel anywhere he wanted. I sucked his tongue and would bite at his neck and shoulders, pulling his body down onto mine, deeper, burying him into me! He moved up onto his hands and pumped. I sat up slightly and bit at his nipples, pulling them with my teeth. He had amazing strength as he held himself on one hand and pulled my face into his chest, smothering me against him. His grunts filled the room and the smell of our sex perfumed our flesh and my sheets.

I pulled his face down to mine for a hungry, pussy scented kiss and rolled us over so I could ride his dick. I kissed him a few seconds longer then sat straight up on his huge cock. A sharp pain rushed thru my lower body as though I were being impaled. I moved up and readjusted until I could take every inch of that cock. Bracing myself on his chest, I rode him hard and fast. My back arched, head thrown back, hair mussed, I felt like a beautiful virgin from some romance novel who discovered her first cock and wanted MORE. I wildly thrashed around on him, forgetting he was there and just using his cock to rub all the walls of my cunt. Dave didn't seem to mind. His grunts seemed evidence of his pleasure. I could feel my juices pooling down around the base of his cock. Each little buck I gave smeared our juices over his pubes and balls.

Through gritted teeth, I asked, "Are you ready now Dave? Will you cum tonight?"

"Not yet..." and he moaned.

Lifting me off his cock, he quickly moved to his knees. One hand on the back of my head, he pushed my face down to his wet, thick cock. "Suck it Jen!" As if I had a choice? His hand forced me there and again, I felt myself again wanting to submit and be his cock hungry slut. I loved how forceful he was, how passionate.

I eagerly swallowed as much of his cock as I could. I was on hands and knees, ass in the air. His hand pulled at my hair, guiding me by the fistful of hair while his other hand slapped playfully at my ass and rubbed the sting into my skin. A swat, a rub, a thrust, a gag - I was in cock-sucking heaven!

I couldn't take the time to do all the things I normally would in a blowjob. There were no little kisses, no licks, no teasing. It was hardcore pumping and throat fucking. My breath would be cut short when his cock stuffed my throat, silencing any protest I might make. I gagged a few times and he pulled me off his dick long enough for me to breathe normally, then pushed me down again.

"I'll teach you to suck that cock without gagging," he promised. I was more of a willing student than he realized. I planned on sucking that horse-sized cock again and again until it was as much of a slave to me as I to it.

Dave turned me around and faced me into my mirror. In a doggy position, he slide his cock back inside. Hands on my hips, he began a steady pattern of thrusting. It could've been any woman's cunt he was banging. I knew this was for his pleasure now and that pleased me. I grabbed at my sheets and watched him in my mirror. His face contorted as he rammed into me. His chest and arms buffed up as his muscles pulled my lower body down onto his cock. The light from the other rooms streamed into my bedroom and I could tell he had a sex flush spreading over his chest.

I felt his cock swell in me and the grunt of "uuunnnngggggghhhhhhhhhh" as his body stopped moving but a warm stream of cum flooded into my womb. When the final drop left him, and his cock went down a bit, he leaned down, kissed my shoulder blade, and slowly pulled out of me. Dave rolled over next to me and stroked my cheek as I remained on my hands and knees. His face was damp with sweat. He was silent as he tenderly touched my face and played with my hair.

I moved into the crook of his arm and snuggled into Dave. I slid my arm over his chest and listened to his heart beat. Neither of us spoke. At some point, we fell into a post-coital slumber. In the morning, I awoke alone. I wasn't really surprised that he'd left but it was disappointing. This man was getting to me, or at least his cock was! He wasn't as tender as my married Dan but he sure knew how to shake me to core.

Since it was the weekend, I lounged around a bit before heading to the shower. While getting coffee, I noticed the unopened gift box on the counter. I undid the pretty ribbon. Inside the box were my panties from the previous day...full of dried sperm, wadded and used. Dave had cum after all that previous day!

I was disappointed that Dave didn't stay through until morning. I was even more disappointed that he didn't leave me a note or voicemail. His gift made me smile (he held off cumming in the office but couldn't hold off once he took those panties out of my hand) but it wasn't the same as having him there to see me open the gift.

I started a pot of coffee and picked up my newspaper from my front porch, forgetting to lock the door. I leisurely drank a cup and read the first few pages. I dragged my body from the morning paper and coffee and went into my bathroom to shower.

I turned on the shower and slipped inside. I couldn't hear my front door open with the water pelting me. I rubbed soap over my body, imagining the hands of my two lovers on me. When my hands brushed softly over my erect nipples, it was Dan's hands. When my hands slid between my folds, it was Dave's hands. My eyes were closed as I explored my body. I was too sore from the previous day's sex to masturbate but I enjoyed the sensation of every caress and held each touch a little longer than usual, as my mind bounced between the men I longed to fuck again and again.

I rinsed, turned off the shower, and opened my steam covered glass door to see Dave there, sitting against my counter and smiling at me.

"Oh my God! You scared the hell out of me!" I yelled.

"Hmmm, you look the same to me," he said as he laughed.

"Do you always watch people?"

"I have been known to enjoy watching others, at home or at work." A look of glee danced across his face.

"Yes, I know. You have a reputation for being a peeping Dave."

I wasn't sure if I should be upset or laugh. I knew he was alluding to the office fuck Dan and I had that one evening. I wrapped the thick towel around my body and began brushing my teeth as Dave moved behind me (a position he seemed to like). He kissed over my shoulder and neck.

"I see you opened my gift. Did you like it, Jen?"

I bent down to spit out the toothpaste.

"That bad? I thought you would've enjoyed knowing I used them to jerk off before I came to see you."

I rinsed my mouth, turned, and faced Dave.

"I loved knowing that you used them."

Dave lifted me onto my sink counter. His hands slid over my outer thighs, rubbing my skin in small circles with his thumbs. He kissed along my throat and over my chest, careful to not open the towel. My knees instinctively parted and he pushed himself between my thighs. His kisses deepened into sucks of my clean flesh.

"Did you smell them first, Dave?"

"Oh yes," he moaned between sucks. His hands easily undoing the towel. His mouth moving down my breasts. I leaned my head back against my mirror, back arching. Hands bracing on the counter.

"Did you suck them?"

"Mmmm hmmm" was all he said as his mouth moved over my nipple.

I couldn't stop myself from cooing out an "Oh God" as he suckled me. I reached to undo his shirt and push it off his shoulders. Dave undid his pants and stepped out of them without ever breaking his suck. He slid his boxers off and I could see his hard cock. He pulled me from the counter, onto his cock, holding me on him and carried me back into my shower.

I turned the shower on as Dave supported me. We kissed as he lifted me on him, moving me up and down his body. He pressed my back against the glass and pumped. Water streamed down his back and over his shoulder. At times, our kiss would become even wetter from the shower water but it didn't stop us.

He hoisted me up and down on his cock. I felt so weightless and sexy. I kissed his throat, his chest. I wanted so badly to suck his cock. I lifted myself and he helped me stand. With my sea sponge, I lathered Dave's body and washed him like a servant girl. I carefully bathed his hard cock. I faced him away from me and cleansed his back, his ass cheeks, and ran a soapy finger down into his ass crack, causing him to push back against my finger. The water ran over him and washed the suds away and he turned to face me again, but I knelt down before he could look into my eyes.

His cock swayed with his turn but settled directly in front of my face. I opened my mouth and took him. I heard a muffled grunt through the steady drizzle of water. He wasted no time in positioning his feet apart and gently thrusting. I slid my hands up and down his squeaky clean thighs and hips. When I looked up, Dave's hands were flat against the shower wall and his body towered over me. I kept sucking and licking and he kept rocking and humping until his cock shot hot, fresh cum into my freshly brushed mouth. I kept sucking until I felt him soften in my mouth. Dave pulled back into the flow of water and let it run down his chest and stomach as I stood up.

With fresh semen and toothpaste on my breath, Dave hungrily kissed me and bid me a "good morning."

With both of us clean, we dressed and headed out for some lunch. We spent our day at flea markets and yard sales. As the day wound down, I wasn't sure what to expect. Would Dave spend tonight too? Did he want to go but felt obligated to hang out with me? Would he even talk to me on Monday? And how would I face Dan after my weekend with Dave?

Finally, dinner time approached and I had to ask Dave his plans.

Dave told me he wanted to spend the weekend with me. He had planned to attend a new club opening but wasn't sure it would be to my liking so he offered to just watch videos with me at my apartment or take me back to his.

"What kind of club is it, Dave?"

"Jen, I'm not sure it's something you'd like. It's a fetish club. I attend certain functions and through my circles, I heard about this..."

"Certain functions? Fetish club? Would I have to wear anything special?" I smiled wickedly at Dave.
