 "Hey, Stud. You gonna work on that all night?"

Peter glanced up from his computer and instantly forgot about the heat exchanger design on the screen. Kyra was standing in the door of the home office, stark naked.

"Nope." He stood up and walked around the desk, then took her in his arms and kissed her.

She plastered her body against his, grinding her hairless vulva into the big bulge in his blue jeans and dirty-kissing him. "That's good. Because I've got a fire burning and it can't wait."

He reached between her legs. "Is it burning HERE?"

"Maybe." She pulled away, turned around, and bent forward, showing him the little puckered brown hole between her sculpted buttocks. "Or maybe back here."

Peter sank to his knees and kissed Kyra's asshole, probing its center with the tip of his tongue. "Does seem pretty hot. Sure could be a fire."

"Let's find out." She took his hand and led him to the master bedroom. She watched as he stripped hastily, then wrapped her hand around his stiff pole and kissed him. "What a stallion. I'm so lucky to have you for a husband."

"I'm lucky, too." He cupped her big heavy breasts and rolled her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. "Married to a sex goddess."

He suddenly remembered something. "Weren't you going to visit your girlfriend tonight?"

"Well, yeah. Something came up." She ran her fingers up and down his stiff shaft. "Fortunately, THIS has come up, too."

"Tough luck for her." Peter gripped Kyra's butt cheeks and pulled her crotch into his. "Good luck for me."

"You know, it could be good luck for all of us. You're welcome to join us."

"I guess I'm just a little freaked out by the idea of a three-way. What if I get jealous, watching you with someone else?"

"You know I'm sleeping with Elana. That doesn't make you jealous, does it?"

"Knowing and seeing are kinda different. How'd you feel if you were watching me fuck her?"

"Horny as hell." She guided his hard-on between her legs, trapping it between her thighs. "You two are SO sexy by yourselves. Together . . . Oh man!" She rocked her hips, slowly humping his swollen pole.

"Well . . . We'll see." The idea was both exciting and scary. What if he fell in love with Elana? It was hard to avoid thinking about bad outcomes. But speaking of hard . . . his cock was painfully stiff.

"We're going to play a new game." She went over to the dresser, opened its bottom drawer, and took out a blindfold.

He'd never seen the blindfold before. "What's the game?"

"No looking. Or talking." She handed him the blindfold. "Just touch."

"All right." Peter put the blindfold on. It was good quality-comfortable but tight-fitting, completely blocking out his vision.

"Okay, boy." Kyra stepped away from him. "Come find me."

He wandered through the bedroom, feeling for her. It took a while to find her. Guided by a soft giggle, he caught her by the bathroom door. "Gotcha!" He took her in his arms and kissed her.

She kissed him back fiercely while rubbing her crotch against his and pressing her breasts into his chest. The blindfold was disorienting. Everything about her seemed slightly different-the pressure of her body against his, the feel of her breasts and buttocks, the way she used her lips and tongue . . . It was a little spooky, but also super-sexy.

Peter hadn't expected the blindfold to be such an intense turn-on. Somehow, it had transformed his already-lusty wife into a full-blown sex goddess.

Goddess Kyra turned Peter around and bent him over, then pulled his ass cheeks open and kissed his buttocks, gradually approaching his anus. "Oh fuck, that's-" He shut up abruptly when she slapped his butt.

She reached between his legs and jacked his stiff pole while licking his asshole with broad flat tongue strokes. That was great, but it got even better when she curled her tongue and pressed its tip into his puckered hole, gradually teasing it open.

Peter moaned softly and ground his butt into her face, taking her tongue deeper. She stroked his stiff pole harder and faster. He remembered this sex position's name-rusty trombone. It was the first time Kyra had played it. If she kept it up much longer, he was going to come.

He turned around and kissed her, tasting his own male musk when she thrust her tongue into his mouth. Somehow, his intense boner got even bigger and harder.

Peter took her hand and led her across the room, feeling his way to the bed. He found it by bumping into it with his knees.

Normally, he liked lots of foreplay, gradually building to a crescendo of passion. This time, he couldn't wait. He kissed her roughly, then pushed her down onto the bed, face first.

He felt his way to the nightstand and got the lube, then knelt on the bed between her spread thighs. She giggled softly and lifted her butt.

Peter spent a moment visualizing Kyra's pretty little puckered hole, then coated a finger with lube and slid it up her butt. She moaned with satisfaction and humped his finger. He added more lube and got a little more aggressive. She responded eagerly, rocking her hips and growling like a tigress in heat.

He almost laughed out loud. That growl had settled it. This wasn't Kyra. It had to be Elana. He'd already suspected that she and Kyra were playing a trick on him. He'd never admit it to Kyra, but this was an unbelievable turn-on. Elana was going to get the butt-fucking of her life.

He coated his super-stiff cock with lube and pressed its wide plow-head into Elana's asshole. With Kyra, he had to take his time and let her relax. This time, he pushed right in, all the way to his balls. She shuddered and uttered another guttural growl, clamping her anal muscles around his swollen pole.

Elana whimpered when he pulled completely out, then purred in satisfaction when he pressed his broad cock-head back into her hole. Her purring grew louder as he shallow-fucked her ass, pushing in and then drawing back, teasing her anal ring.

She swung her butt, trying to take his sliding rod deeper. With her face and chest flat on the bed she didn't have much leverage. She tried to lift her upper body and move into doggie position, but he put his hands on her shoulders, gently holding her down.

Elana's breath grew ragged. Listening carefully, he heard other sounds. Heavy breathing and the soft sound of fingers in a wet pussy. He could almost see Kyra standing beside the bed, bent over with her legs spread wide, masturbating while she watched him fuck her girlfriend's ass.

It was time to stop teasing the girls-and, more importantly, himself. He drew his stiff cock back, then drove it up Elana's ass with a savage knife-thrust, slamming his pelvis into her buttocks and shaking the bed. She screamed in surprise, but not pain. 

Elana struggled and thrashed on the bed as he hammered her ass, putting his weight on her shoulders to hold her down. The rougher he got, the more excited she became. Sometimes, sex with Kyra was like riding a wild horse. This was more like riding a tiger, or maybe a dragon. She bucked and fought, risking throwing him off, but he held on with desperate intensity, forcing her to his will as the cum boiled in his nuts.

She screamed, coming hard. Kyra was screaming too, no longer trying to hide her presence. Peter roared like an enraged bear, hammering Elana's ass with pile driver blows and firing heavy pulses of cum into its depths.

"Man!" Peter rose to his knees and his still-stiff cock slipped out of Elana's asshole. "This is a GREAT game." He fondled her smooth muscular buttocks. "I really got off." He patted Elana's butt possessively. "So did you." He took the blindfold off and grinned at Kyra. "And you did, too."

She laughed and kissed him. "How long did it take you to figure it out?"

"Pretty much right away." Peter stood up and then helped Elana to her feet. She was a little unsteady, but had a wide grin on her pretty face. She and Kyra were almost the same height, with similar builds and long thick hair, although Elana's was raven-black while Kyra's was blond. "Even blindfolded, I can tell my wife from another woman." He smiled at Elana. "A really sexy woman, too."

Kyra swatted his butt playfully. "Asshole! I'm still your wife."

Peter turned around and mooned the women. "You mean THIS asshole?" He looked back at them through his spread legs. "The asshole that some foxy lady . . . uh, the blond one . . . fucked with a great big strap-on?"

Kyra laughed and kissed Elana. "I told you he'd know."

"All right." Elana kissed Kyra back. "You win the bet."

Peter straightened up and faced Kyra and Elana. "What bet?" His already-stiff cock got even harder as he admired the two sexy women tangled in each others' arms.

"Winner fucks the loser's butt," Kyra answered.

"What about my asshole?" Peter asked.

Kyra laughed again. "Don't worry. Your butt is going to get royally drilled. But first, you're going to watch US."

Elana pulled away from Kyra and kissed Peter. "The way you fucked my ass . . . You were a total animal. I really like that."

Kyra giggled. "Dirty girl!"

"I've got two dirty girls," Peter said. "It's really great."

"But now it's time for some good clean fun." Kyra took Peter's and Elana's hands and led them to the bathroom.

Peter had fantasized about showering with two women, but never expected to really do it. It was even better than he'd imagined-two athletic female bodies, two pairs of big soft breasts, two beautifully sculpted butts, two hot pussies with neatly-trimmed pubic thatches, one black and the other blond, two pairs of soap-slick hands roaming over his body while he fondled them . . . Then they pushed him away and concentrated on each other.

That was hot, too. By the time they turned off the water, he was ready to bend them over the bathroom counter and hammer their hot little pussies.

"Oh no. Not yet," Kyra said. She and Elana were both grinning at the swollen pole growing from his crotch. "For now, you just watch."

They dried off and went back into the bedroom. Peter set a straight-backed chair beside the bed while Kyra took a strap-on out of the bottom dresser drawer. It was different from the one she'd been using on him-an oversized dildo attached to a heavy black leather harness.

"Is that new?" Peter asked.

Kyra smiled. "Good boy." She'd made him promise not to look in the toy drawer. He hadn't, because he liked the way she kept surprising him. "This one's Elana's." She dropped the dildo and harness on the bed and gestured for him to sit down. "But I'm thinking of getting one like it."

She sat on the bed facing Peter with her legs spread and pulled her pussy lips open, displaying her glistening pink female center. He reached for her and she pushed his hand away. "No. Bad boy. No touching." She grinned wickedly. "No touching yourself, either." She bounced up from the bed and took a pair of bondage cuffs out of the toy drawer. They were the expensive kind-heavy black leather, secured by thick straps with chrome buckles and eyelets and fastened together with thick chrome chains. "Put your hands behind your back." His stiff cock grew even harder as she fastened the cuffs around his wrists, firmly securing him.

Elana straddled Peter's hips and pressed her heavy breasts into his face. Her hard nipples and puffy areolas were the color of dark chocolate, standing out against her smooth light coffee-and-cream skin. "You like these tits?" She guided a nipple into his mouth. He sucked it eagerly. Her grin was as wicked as Kyra's. "Well, so does your wife."

"That's okay," Peter said. "I don't mind sharing."

"Good." Elana sank down, lowering her pussy lips onto his cock-head. "How about with a man?"

"Uh . . ." The thought of watching another man fuck Kyra was scary, but perversely sexy too. "I guess that'd be okay."

"You guess?" She lowered her pelvis more, pressing his cock-head into her folds. "You need to be sure."

Peter thought about it briefly. "Yeah. As long as I can fuck his ass, too." He remembered how he'd wished Kyra's strap-on could shoot cum. "And he fucks mine."

"Perfect." She kissed him and pushed her pussy down on his stiff cock. "Next time, I'll bring my boyfriend. He's a big black bisexual bodybuilder."

"All right." He was all the way inside her now. "But for now . . ." He rolled his hips, shifting his dick in her pussy. In this position, he couldn't do much, but it still felt great. Elana seemed to be enjoying it too-her eyes were closed and she was moaning softly as she rocked in time with his hip motions.

"Slut!" Kyra slapped Elana's butt, making a sound like a pistol shot. "Quit messing with my husband. It's time for me to fuck your loser ass."

Elana kissed Peter, then stood up and turned around to face Kyra. "Sorry . . . Uh, should I say 'Mistress?'"

Kyra laughed. "'Mistress' does have a kind of ring to it . . . But right now, I just want to fuck." She picked up the harness. "Help me with this." She held the leather plate against her vulva while Elana fastened the harness' straps around her thighs and waist.

"Cool." Kyra admired her reflection in the mirror mounted on the wall behind the head of the bed. "I've got a big-ass cock." She moved beside the bed and stood facing Peter, stroking the dildo. "You like it?" It looked like a real cock-flesh-colored with a big bullet-shaped head-but was longer and thicker than his stiff dick.

"Oh yeah." He stared at the big pole. He wanted to suck it and take it up his ass. Even more, he wanted it to be a real cock-warm, throbbing, and squirting cum. "It's great."

"Good." Still stroking the dildo, Kyra reached between Peter's legs and tickled the spot between his anus and balls with her index and middle fingers. "You're going to get acquainted with it . . . intimately." She turned around and mooned him. The leather plate supporting the dildo and the straps around her thighs and waist left her pussy and asshole exposed.

"Foxy," Peter muttered.

Elana smiled. "She sure is."

Kyra kissed Elana. "So are you." She put a pillow in the middle of the bed. "And I'm going to fuck your sexy butt."

"Oh yeah." Elana lay on the bed with the pillow under her hips, elevating her ass. "Come fuck me. I'm ready." She opened her legs and lifted her knees over her shoulders.

"You've got such a pretty little asshole," Kyra said. "I'm going to kiss her." She did-thoroughly-grinding her face between Elana's buttocks and making soft lapping sounds.

Elana moaned, playing with her big tits and rolling her hips as Kyra ate her ass. "Oh fuck, Baby!" she gasped. "That's so good. I'm coming!" She did, screaming and thrashing. The dildo attached to Kyra's strap-on bounced wildly as she held on, pushing Elana to an even stronger climax.

Peter's rock-hard cock throbbed. He was close to coming, even without touching his dick. That hadn't happened since the wet dreams in his early teens. He'd be fucking a girl for the first time. Just as he pushed his cock into her pussy, he'd wake up spurting cum into his sheets, almost screaming in frustration.

"That was good, Baby," Elana whispered. "But now, I want your big hard cock." She pulled on her knees, lifting her butt even higher.

"And you're going to get it." Kyra picked up the little squeeze bottle of lube and knelt between Elana's elevated ankles.

The throbbing in Peter's cock receded while he watched Kyra lubricate Elana's asshole, spending a long teasing time doing it.

Kyra looked over at Peter and grinned at his massive hard-on. "Think she's ready?"

"Oh, I'm ready," Elana said. "Your sexy husband gave me a hell of a ride. Now, it's your turn. So, saddle up!"

"Well . . . okay." Kyra coated the big dildo with lube and pressed its head into Elana's asshole. "How's this?"

Peter stood up to get a better view. "Yeah, Cowgirl," he said. "Fuck her ass."

Kyra stopped with the dildo's head just inside Elana's asshole, drew back, and then pushed back inside. "You like this, Baby?"

"Oh yeah." Elana lifted her butt, taking more of the dildo. "Feels great."

"Better than my husband?" Kyra rolled her hips, fucking Elana with slow shallow strokes.

Elana winked at Peter before answering. "Right now, it is."

Kyra went a little faster and pushed in deeper. "While my cock's in your ass?"

"Yeah." Elana kneaded her breasts roughly while pinching and twisting her big hard nipples. "I'm just a slut. The cock in me right now is always my favorite."

Kyra laughed. "Good enough for me." She fucked Elana harder, increasing her speed but not plunging the dildo's full length into her depths, the way a guy would. "I love fucking my little slut."

"Well, you're reaming my ass royally." Elana's breath had grown ragged. She slid a hand down to her vulva and rubbed her clit through its hood. "I'm getting close . . ."

"Come on, Baby!" Kyra kneaded Elana's breasts roughly while rocking her hips violently, driving the dildo in Kyra's asshole. "Come for me."

Peter's stiff cock was throbbing again as he watched Elana scream and thrash while Kyra worked the dildo in her butt, keeping her coming.

"Oh God!" Elana was half-laughing and half-sobbing. "Enough!" She pushed Kyra away. "You overloaded the wiring, Baby."

"We sure don't want THAT." Kyra bent forward to kiss her, letting the dildo slip out of Elana's butt.

Elana stroked Kyra's lush blond hair and ran her hands over her muscular back and buttocks while they kissed. "It was so good. It's ALWAYS so good with you . . ."

"It sure was." Kyra kissed Elana again, then stood up and turned to Peter. "But I shouldn't be greedy . . ." She grinned at his giant pole. "It's my stud husband's turn."

Peter stared at the oversized cock growing from Kyra's harness. "Are you going to fuck me now?"

Kyra looked at Elana, sprawled on the bed with her legs spread, displaying her hot pink pussy. "Soon. But first . . ." She looked back at Peter with that devil-angel grin. "I saw her humping you."

"Yeah." Peter tensed his arm muscles against the cuffs, without any result.

"Did you like it?" She reached between his legs and ran two fingers from his perineum up over his balls. His cock jerked. "Her sweet little snatch wrapped around your big stiff . . ." She extended her index finger and touched the bubble of precum at his tip. ". . . pole?" She slipped the finger into her mouth and sucked it. "I know you did."

Kyra turned back to Elana. "You want his big stiff cock, don't you? Hammering your sweet little cunt?"

"Oh yeah!" Elana preened and shifted the pillow under her hips and opened her legs wider, presenting her vulva to Peter.

"That's my dirty girlfriend." Kyra stepped behind Peter and unfastened the cuffs, then slapped his butt. "Go get her, Champ!"

"What about you?" He looked back at the big cock growing from Kyra's crotch.

"Don't worry." She patted his butt again. "You'll find out soon."

"Okay." Peter knelt on the bed between Elana's spread thighs and bent forward to kiss her.

"Never mind that now." She gripped his stiff pole and guided it into her folds. "Just fuck me. Good and hard." Elana squealed as he took her with one quick thrust. "Yeah! That's right."

Peter didn't want to come too soon, so he started out slowly. Then, the urgency faded and he fucked Elana with long hard strokes, pulling almost out and then driving home. She moaned, rolling her hips in time with his rough thrusts, getting louder as he went on.

"Hold it, Stud." Kyra got onto the bed behind Peter and gripped his hips, bringing him to a stop. "I've got something for you." She slipped a lubricated finger up his ass and worked it in and out, spreading the slippery gel.

Elana's tight pussy clamping his cock and Kyra fingering his asshole felt great, but he knew more was coming. A lot more. "Yeah, Baby. Fuck my ass while I hammer your girlfriend's cunt."

"You've got it, Stud." She pulled her finger out and replaced it with the dildo's flaring head.
