 For those of you who missed Chapter 4, here's a brief synopsis:

When we last left Jen and Dave, they were at a sex club. A lovely fire haired lass seduced Jen on the dance floor, then took her away for some hot sex! Jen's already felt her friend's mouth on her but our story picks up with Jen taking the plunge and going south. Let's watch as she indulges in her first Sapphic experience!

*

I made a trail of kisses down her soft, flat stomach, stopping at each hip bone to kiss the fleshy peak and then down into the valley. I kissed over her trimmed, copper pubes. I'd never had a lover who trimmed before so the feel of her shorter hair was something I wanted burned into my brain. I brushed the hair with my lips, feeling the friction against my lips. She purred and spread her legs wider.

I gently spread her full outer lips and slid my tongue down over clit. I knew this feeling from the receiver's point of view. I was finally the 'giver.' As my tongue flattened down over her hard little clit, my own clit swelled. I delved my tongue between her folds, licking at her inner lips, curling my tongue in them and sucking at the mix of my saliva and her pussy juices. Before now, I'd feared the scent and taste of another woman so I never thought to explore one. Her scent was slightly musky but nothing offensive. Her taste was a little salty, no doubt from dancing and sweating, but again, nothing that would prevent me from ever eating a pretty pussy like this again.

I lapped at her slit and held her lips apart with my fingertips, sucking at inner and outer lips, drawing them into my lips, pulling, fueled by her moans. I explored and probed her cunt with my tongue, rubbing my nose against her clit, twisting and contorting my face and neck so I could stimulate her and make her claws dig into my shoulders. Her body would bend up, almost sitting, and rock and grind into me. Her hands slid from my shoulders to my head, forcing me into her tasty, juicy cunt. I sucked and slurped and lapped furiously as though I'd not been fed for months, eating her cunt like it was my only meal for eternity. I forced her thighs open, knees flat against the floor and ran my tongue over her mound, her lips, the inner hollow of each thigh, lips sucking, fingers tapping along her flesh, feasting.

I slid my tongue down, trying to decide if I was ready to try rimming a woman, surely it would not be any different than a man, right? I went for it! I slid my tongue down thru her ass cheeks and found her tight pucker. Her squeals reverberated in my head. I opened her cheeks with my fingers, plying her ass crack with my tongue, flicking at her hole. I rolled my fiery kitten over onto her knees. Her face in the mattress, red locks spreading down over her shoulders and down her back, ass high in the air, as I darted my tongue over her milky ass cheeks and into her most private places. I looked up for a moment and saw Dave...and he wasn't alone.

My first instinct was one of jealousy. A woman was on her knees, sucking his cock as he leaned against a wall. His hand sat on her head, forcing her roughly down his cock. That was MY cock...I wanted to stop what I was doing and stop what THEY were doing. However, my face was planted into a luscious, beautiful woman her just finished mouthfucking me, so how could I be such a hypocrite? The thoughts were actually fleeting. Despite my momentary pause, my darling girl was pushing her ass back at my face and I looked up at Dave between licks, his gaze meeting mine, and I knew everything was still good.

I watched him holding the woman's head with both hands, cupping it. His feet apart, hips bucking. I knew he was fucking her mouth good...the way he fucks mine. I smiled and blew kisses his way between licks over ass and pussy.

I could tell Dave was turned on watching me rim my friend. I'd sneak my tongue down into her folds, her back would arch, his eyes would open wider. This game was fun. I might've been wearing her pussy juices on my face but I had his cock hard too! The more I teased her pussy, the more I teased Dave!

I rolled her back onto her back and pressed my body over hers, kissing her mouth and moving against her flesh with mine, rubbing my bald mons against her fuzzy mons. We took turns kissing at each other's necks and breasts, legs locked together, rolling around on each other. I still hadn't gotten her to cum so I slid my hand down between her legs and began to finger her wet pussy. She rubbed over my palm, bucking into my hand. I sucked at her nipple, middle finger plunging into her pussy, thumb rubbing her clit. She fucked my fingers and pulled at my hair as i suckled her tit. My finger rammed in, knuckle deep, curling and rubbing at the swollen spot inside, thumb planted against her clit. I could feel her muscles clamp down around my finger. Her moans were throaty...more like grunts. I felt her contract and then her whole body shuddered as she violently came on my finger. I kissed her hard, tongues in each other's throats. Her hands grabbing at my hair, pulling me into her mouth. Her juices flooded down my finger and I broke our kiss to go down on her again.

I licked and sucked her lips and folds clean. She whimpered softly as I lapped the sweet taste of her with my tongue. Before I could get too involved in eating her again, she stopped me and moved me around so that I was on my side. I looked over at Dave, not sure what she was doing. His face was contorted. It was a familiar look to me...that "I'm almost ready to cum" look.

My friend deftly moved her legs between mine and we formed this scissor-like pretzel. She held my leg up as she ground her pussy against mine. I had no idea what I was doing but I followed her lead and began to rub against her. I clutched her leg, using it for leverage as we mashed our wet cunts together. The friction was building and I bet I had that same "ready to cum" look on my face. Just as I began my next orgasm, I aimed my gaze at Dave and saw him shooting ropes of cum over the face of his cocksucker. I lost it. I was cumming from watching him cum and from all the wet cunt humping my lovely girlfriend was giving me.

She just kept moaning as we writhed. I couldn't tell if she came again since there was so much pussy juice being smeared between our cunts. I loved feeling her cunt against mine. The way she'd jerk against me. The way our lips rubbed. Our clits being ground against each other. This was a pleasure no man could ever give me. I kissed along her calf and ankle and felt my body slow.

She laid down on her side and I moved up to kiss her again and stroke her red locks. I gently caressed her porcelain cheek and watched the sex flush evaporate. Dave moved over behind her and slid into a sideways doggy position. Before she could protest, I whispered "he's with me" and she allowed him entry.

Dave wasn't the kind of man who went soft after one orgasm. He was insatiable and I loved that about him. I was having mixed emotions watching him at the club but I couldn't deny him his pleasure, especially when I intended to have more of my own.

He slid his cock between her freshly fucked folds (courtesy of moi!) and began pumping her. His hand reached around to her breast and he kissed and bit along her shoulder. Their bodies moved together like a snake, fitting together perfectly. Both of them would moan, brows wrinkling, as he pumped in and out of her tight cunt. I could only imagine how his cock must feel inside her when I smelled my finger and sucked her juices from it.

As he rocked inside her womb, I slid my hand down to my pussy and began playing with myself. I sucked my finger, tasting her, but rubbed my clit. I watched him pull at her tit, stretching her tiny nub of a nipple, making it stiff and probably making it hurt. She pushed back harder every time he did this to her. Together, they looked like animals in heat.

I moved closer to them and caressed each of them. I touched her cheek, his hair; her breast, his shoulder; his ass, her thigh. I whispered for him to fuck her harder...faster, pushing his ass so he could shove his cock deeper into her. And then I moved in front of her. I laid on my side and began licking her clit, which was now bulging out, calling to me to suck it. Dave quickly rolled her over onto her knees. She straddled my face and I slid my hands up over her thighs. I raised my face to suck her clit as he drove inside her. From her frantic bucking, I could tell she was ready to cum....just a few more sucks, licks...and the dam burst.

She rammed her sweet sex against my face. Her thrusts were shallow and fast and then Dave came. I could hear his grunts but then his cum seeped down from her cunt and onto my tongue. He pulled out just enough to shoot some my way then slid back inside her, finishing his orgasm in her deep cunt. The taste of him and her made me swoon with lust. I kept licking and sucking until they both rolled off me and we all laid in a spent heap on the mattress.

The afterglow was a bit awkward. We didn't speak much. We didn't exchange numbers. We just touched for a bit and then thanked each other for a lovely time. Each of us dressed back in our costumes. Dave and I bid goodbye to my first female lover and headed back to my apartment.

In the car, we agreed to try the club again soon. I wasn't sure how I felt about Dave or worse, how I felt about Dan. I spent months pining after my married Dan, masturbating furiously to fantasies of him fucking me raw, only to fuck one of his law partners this whole weekend. How would I face Dan at work on Monday? Should I stop fucking Dave? Could I stop if I wanted? That cock was addictive!

I didn't dare share my thoughts with Dave. As we drove, he rested his hand on my thigh and told me how happy he was that I accompanied him to the sex club. He seemed to sense that I was lost in thought and probably knew where my thoughts were.

Dave walked me to my door and pushed my hair behind my ear as he kissed me. His hands roamed my body. He reached behind and undid my halter, pushing it up to suck at my nipples and pushing me back against the cold steel of my apartment door. With the porch light on, my breasts were exposed. If my neighbors stepped out to walk their dogs, they'd get quite a show! He lifted me and wrapped my legs around his waist, still feasting on my ripe nipples. He somehow managed to get my key into my door and carried me into my apartment.

He carried me to my couch, laying me over the arm. He hoisted my hips up over the arm, letting my legs dangle and spread. My breasts puddled toward my chin as he held me at an angle. He slowly unzipped the shorts and unpeeled the velcro. My juicy cunt was at hip height and open to him, almost taunting him, screaming for him to FUCK ME.

Dave quickly undid his outfit. He got completely naked. He bent down to kiss my flat stomach, my hip bones, my smooth but slightly sweaty mound. He ran his lips over my clit and lips but never licked....he just teased me. I could feel his stubble against my bare flesh. He grabbed my thighs, lifted and opened me wide, ass elevated. I reached for his cock and guided him to my cunt hole. It didn't take much to make Dave hard. Even though he'd cum twice at the club, he was ready for more...with me.

He drove his cock into me, one fluid movement. "Oh fuck Jen" he moaned.

I could only use my muscles to grab at his cock. I pushed my tits together as he fucked me, pushing my nipples to my lips so I could suck and lick at them.

"Oh yeah Jen, suck those tits for me. You're such a hot slut." I obeyed and licked at my nipples, watching him get fired up from the show I was giving him. His cock seemed to throb the more I sucked at my own nipples. I curled my tongue around the tip knowing full well this was teasing him...and I loved teasing Dave.

He felt so good inside me. His cock was crammed inside, stretching my tight pussy to the limits. I envied his view. Every time he pulled back, I knew he got a view of a wet, shiny, vein-encrusted cock with snug, puffy lips wrapped around it. I just wish I could've seen it from his perspective.

He thrusted and slammed into me. My pleasure didn't seem to be his goal, or so I thought. Of course, after my evening at the club, I wasn't that concerned about cumming. I was just enjoying a weekend of raw fucking (and boy was my pussy getting sore).

Dave's rhythm built up and he flooded me with a warm load of his cum. His grip on me relaxed. His face stopped contorting. I thought he would be ready for bed now. Instead, he immediately dropped to his knees and began to lick my freshly creamed in pussy.

Despite Dave's tongue at my hole, I could feel the cum running down my slit, into my ass crack, and onto my sofa arm. Dave worked quickly to try to catch it as it ran down me. His tongue explored me from clit to ass hole. He spread my legs wide open and sucked on me as though he were sucking through a straw. This man was not afraid of his own cum and that just turned me on more! I couldn't hold on long at all. As his lips sucked my clit, my cunt gushed over his chin. I came and came for him. He stayed in position until I stopped heaving and then pulled me up and off my couch, to my feet.

Dave held me in his arms and kissed me again. I could taste us both on his lips, the mix of pussy and sperm. I ran my fingers in his hair and my tongue in his mouth. I reamed his mouth, searching for every drop of cum I could share. When I couldn't taste any more, I dropped to my knees and began to nurse his spent, soft dick. After 3 orgasms, he seemed to finally reach his limit for hardness.

His hands ran through my dark locks. Though his cock was not hard yet, he seemed to be enjoying my cock worship. I suckled his flacid shaft and cleaned our juices from him. I moaned into him. I felt so close to him. I looked up into his eyes as I slurped and pulled his cock with my lips.

He bent down and lifted me into his arms again, carrying me back to my bedroom. We climbed into my bed and he wrapped his body around mine, from behind, and held me as we slept our way into Sunday.

Sunday

I woke to the smell of fresh coffee. Once again, Dave was not in my bed when I awoke. I grabbed a robe and went out into the kitchen. Dave was sitting, reading a paper and drinking coffee.

"Good morning Gorgeous!"

I smiled at him with sleepy eyes. "Good morning to you too! How long have you been awake?"

"Long enough" he said.

As I sat down with my cup of coffee, he slid his hand over mine. "Listen Jen, I don't want you to feel like you can't keep fucking Dan. I like that you are horny. That's healthy. But I hope you know that this weekend was the first of many. I do, however, intend to fuck you again. I don't mind sharing you but I will not tolerate giving you up entirely to that pussy Dave. He's married and spineless. I don't know what you see in him but I do know what I can offer you. I want you to be my pet...my whore on loan to whomever I choose for you."

Wow, what a first thing in the morning conversation. I didn't know how to answer him. I'd longed for Dan. I had loved him from afar. I supported him through rough times in his marriage and in his court cases. I never even thought I'd care for another man, much less one in my office, or worse, Dave! The thought of being Dave's whore was actually appealing to me but my heart was torn over Dan.

I looked into Dave's eyes. "Dave, I can't promise you anything right now. I'm a bit confused."

"That's fine Jen. Just think about it. Keep me in mind."

Keep him in mind? How could I not? My cunt was sore. My nipples ached. I couldn't look at the man without wanting to fuck him now. I couldn't wait until our next foray at the sex club. I wanted to live out every sexual fantasy that I've ever had with him. I never thought of Dave as a potential boyfriend, let alone "Master," but after this weekend, I didn't exactly want to stop seeing him either.

We spent our day together. His touch was soft and tender. He smiled at me without any hint of pressure or perversion. His patience seemed limitless...just like his lust. By evening, he'd gone back to his own apartment. Neither of us knew what to expect on Monday. I just knew I couldn't wait to fuck the taste out of his mouth again soon.

Monday

I arrived at my office earlier than usual. I wanted to get a jump on my day before anyone else was there. I also wanted some time alone to think. The lights on our floor were still off and I wasn't about to turn them on or make coffee until more people rolled in or 8 a.m. came around, whichever was first.

I was just pushing my purse into my file cabinet drawer when I heard Dan's familiar voice.

"Hi Jen!" His grey eyes smiled at me. He had such an innocence about him. I wondered if he'd look at me and see my infidelity on my forehead in a scarlet W...for Whore.

"Hi Dan."

He didn't seem to notice any hesitation in my voice. Whew. Maybe I could pull this off. Maybe I could keep sleeping with both men...loving one, fucking another. Or maybe I was just being selfish.

"I need you to come into my office when you're all settled in, k, Jen?"

"Sure Dan, I'll be right in." I picked up my voicemails, read my e-mail, and took a legal pad into Dan's office. I was ready to take the morning notes for our cases but as I sat down, Dan walked around and closed the door behind me, locking it.

"Dan, what are you doing?"

From behind me, Dan held my shoulders and bent down to kiss the side of my throat. At first, I almost pulled away, but then, slowly, I melted. I loved his kisses. In moments, he'd moved from neck to my mouth and our tongues were frantically lapping at each other and he was prying my blouse open.

"What if someone comes in?" I asked.

"It's early. No one comes in early on Mondays....but us" he said as his hands cupped over my bra clad tits, squeezing them hard. My nipples strained against the fabric, aching from my weekend yet yearning for his touch.

He came around to the front of me and pulled me to my feet, holding me to his body. All the memories of my wild sex weekend suddenly disappeared. Feeling him hold me like this was all that I ever wanted. His hand deftly swept up under my skirt, tugging at my panties. He pushed me back onto his desk and peeled the panties down, pulling them off. As my ass hovered on the edge of his expensive, mahogany desk, he knelt down, my legs spread wide, my body facing the skylight beside his door.

I felt my skirt rise up, cool air hit my clit, then warm breath. I was exposed to anyone who might pass by Dan's office. My eyes closed and I felt that woozy lust spread from my head to my toes. Just as Dan's mouth sealed over my cunt, I opened my eyes long enough to see what looked like a movement in that skylight. Was Dave peeking again? Or was it just my lust-induced mania?

Dan's tongue glided into my folds. My hands immediately moved to his hair. In this position, my pussy was jutting forward to his mouth like some kind of offering...and it wouldn't take long for me to cum. He sucked at my clit and drove a finger into my wet pussy. A second finger followed. His fingers curled inside me, familiar with my pussy, knowing just where to touch as if he'd been my lover for years! He pumped my cunt and drew my clit into his mouth, forcing me to cum so hard that I sat up partially, eyes wide open, seeing Dave standing at the skylight, watching me cum on Dan's tongue.

My eyebrows wrinkled as the last few waves pulsed through my pussy. I held Dan's face to my sex so he wouldn't turn and see that we had an audience. My blouse ajar, chest heaving and sex flushed, I could only stare at Dave, and he at me. I sat on the edge of his desk, watching Dave through that window, rubbing his pants, then leaving.

Dan kissed over my mons and stood up. He straightened his tie as he bent down to kiss me. Dan's mouth tasted like me. I couldn't help feeling dirty and yet powerful. For the rest of the day, Dan would taste me whenever he licked his lips. "I missed you this weekend, Jen."
