 It was an absolutely beautiful day and Patricia was determined to take full advantage of it. It was late in the summer and the heat had finally dissipated. There was a cool edge to the night air, but the days were still warm and comfortable.

One of the advantages to living so far out in the country was the ability to take long afternoon walks down the country road that their house was situated on. Patricia really wished that Michael could be home more often to share these walks with her. She understood that he had to be gone during the week, that was how he earned enough to pay for this easy country lifestyle, but sometimes she REALLY missed his company. And, if she was honest with herself, sometimes she missed his attention to her body. 

As she walked out the door she paused briefly, wondering if perhaps she should change her top. The one she was wearing was just a thin little white number with spaghetti straps. "No" she thought, "I probably won't even run into anybody. And besides, it is really warm out today". With that resolved, she called for the dogs to walk with her, and away they went. 

As she walked down the road beneath the dense overhangs of oak and walnut she thought about the little creek down the way and how good the cool water would feel on her feet. She often stopped there to wade in the water and let the dog's splash and play. The little creek widened out as it passed under the bridge and the area was quite popular as a swimming hole for local kids. Just last week she had seen some young men there with a net, catching minnows and putting them into a bucket. She assumed that they used the minnows for bait when they went fishing. The thought of the young men, shirtless and in shorts, wading in the pools of water gave her a surprising little shiver. She shook herself out of the reverie and thought to herself "I guess I'm missing Michael more than I realized".

As she approached the bridge, she began to veer off the gravel road towards the water's edge. The dogs instantly recognized what this meant and away they went, dashing down to the creek and splashing in with enthusiasm. Patricia warily waded in and stood in a shallow area, letting the water wash over her feet and calves. She realized that the day must have been a bit warmer than she realized because she had worked up a bit of a sweat and the water felt deliciously cool.

As she stood there basking in the sun and enjoying the cool wonderful sensation, the dogs suddenly stopped splashing and stared up in the direction of the road. Patricia froze, thinking perhaps they had seen an animal, but then relaxed when she realized that they were just watching a small pickup as it slowly approached the bridge. The truck slowed and pulled off beside the road and two young men got out. Patricia could see that they had a bucket and a net. Clearly they were planning to catch some bait for the evenings foray to the local fishing-hole.

As she stood there watching them from a distance the dogs began to growl, low and menacing. They had never been mean or dangerous dogs but they were protective and she wanted to make sure they understood that there was nothing threatening. "Hello" she called out, while simultaneously trying to grab the dogs collars to keep them close. It was only at the last minute that she realized her mistake. Just as she got a hand on the collar of the dog closest to her, he decided that they guys were friendly and took off like a flash to greet them (as was his way). Her footing on the slippery pebbles was somewhat precarious to begin with and the jerk of the collar was all it took to send her face down in the shallow water.

Patricia emerged from the cool water sputtering and coughing, trying desperately to recover some semblance of composure. As she stood and brushed the water from her face she realized that the two young men had seen her fall and were rushing over to help. "Are you OK?" asked the first to arrive. 

She assured them that the only serious injury had been to her pride. "I must look a mess" she said absently as she tried to squeeze some of the water from her hair so that it would stop running into her eyes.

Much to her surprise, both of them exclaimed "No, No...You look GREAT!!"

Slowly it dawned on her confused mind that these young men were staring. In fact, their eye's seemed glued to her body. At first she was uncertain what to think of this sudden turn of events. Then she realized why. That little white spaghetti strap top was pretty thin to begin with and now that it was wet it was little better than nothing at all.

Her first reaction was to cross her arms and try to cover herself, but she realized that this was little help. Her cheeks turned crimson as she stammered out an apology. Surly these young men would not be interested in seeing this much of a woman old enough to be their mother. But despite her embarrassment and her assessment of the situation, the young men just continued to stare. With a start she realized that she recognized that look. It was a look of brazen lust and desire. Not exactly the reaction she expected.

It wasn't that she was unattractive...In fact she was a very pretty woman. Although she had gained a few pounds over the years, she still attracted a lot of attention when she went out. She was petite and curvy with a bubbly personality that just seemed to naturally draw men to her. Michael had often commented on it and once even suggested that perhaps she should take some guy up on his advances. When she questioned him about it he assured her that he would be ok with her doing that, but she had been far too uncertain about herself to seriously consider it.

All these things flashed through her mind in a split second as she tried to decide how to gracefully handle the situation at hand. Here she stood dripping wet with two attractive young hard bodies staring at her chest with gaping amazement as the dogs splashed joyously around her, seemingly oblivious to her discomfort and confusion.

Maybe it was the shock of the situation, maybe just the pleasurable feeling of the warm sun beating down on her cold wet shoulders, maybe Michael had just been gone too long, But suddenly Patricia realized that there was a part of her...a deep dark part of her...that wanted desperately to find out if the vibes she was getting were really what she thought. As she stood there looking at the two young men, shirtless and wearing nothing but ragged shorts and old tennis shoes, she felt a rush of adrenaline and excitement. A sudden flush came over her and warmth began to glow in an area that had been far too long ignored.

Patricia thought to herself "Well, we can't just stand here staring at each other all day". In an effort to break the sudden awkward silence, she stuck out her hand and said shakily "Hi, I'm Patricia". She was surprised at how shaky her voice sounded. She had meant to sound strong and confident but what came out was something else entirely.

The guy's each took her hand in turn and introduced themselves. The taller one was named Charles. He had the build of a football player and a deep voice that matched his frame. The other young man said his name was Joe. He was a bit smaller than Charles with curly black hair and his skin was a dark mocha color. Patricia noticed that even though he was a bit smaller, he had a compact wiry frame with muscles that seemed to ripple under his dusky skin as he moved.

Joe seemed a bit quiet...perhaps even shy...but Charles suffered from no such limitations. His grin was infused with a direct and honest desire that was unmistakable. Patricia felt a bit intimidated by his obvious interest, but when he suggested that they get out of the creek she allowed herself to be led to the embankment. When Charles reached for her hand, she allowed him to take it. Charles guided her up the steep hill with ease. She did notice that when they reached the top of the embankment Charles didn't immediately release her hand. He simply stood there for several seconds holding her hand and gazing at the outline of her breasts. Finally, after what seemed like forever, Patricia extracted her hand from his and stepped back. She noticed that Joe had followed them up the hill and from his vantage point behind her he was clearly enjoying the view of her other "assets".

Patricia was taking a breath to thank them when Charles asked her if her leg was OK. She looked down absently, not sure what he meant, and saw a large blotch of red. To her horror she realized that she had cut herself on the rocks and was bleeding profusely. The sight of all the blood coupled with the shock and excitement of the situation was almost too much for her to handle. She was not a fragile woman, but she found herself feeling faint and the world seemed to wobble a bit and go kind of grey. Charles immediately noticed her unsteady posture and immediately put an arm around her to steady her.

"I think I need to get home and clean this up" Patricia said. She noticed that her voice sounded as if it was coming from down a long tunnel.

Charles and Joe helped her to their truck and gently supported her as she climbed into the cab. Joe got in behind her and Charles quickly went around and got into the driver's seat. Patricia gave Charles directions to the house and he drove them there quickly but carefully. It was only a short distance but by the time they arrived Patricia had regained her composure (for the most part).

Patricia climbed out of the truck and began to slowly walk towards the front door. Charles and Joe accompanied her as if worried that she might collapse. She was beginning to feel much better and she thanked them for their help and concern. When she arrived at the door, the three of them stood awkwardly for a moment as if uncertain what to do now. Patricia was about to thank them again and send them on their way but then another thought began to nibble around the edge of her thoughts. Suddenly she blurted out "would you like to come in for a drink or something". It was as if someone else was speaking with her voice. She seemed almost as surprised as they were.

Both of them eagerly agreed and she opened the door to let them in. She headed directly to the bathroom to inspect the damage and they followed her through the house. She turned and suggested they could wait in the living room as she cleaned herself up a bit.

Patricia went into the bathroom, got out the medical and began to carefully clean the injury on her leg. She quickly realized that the cut, although it had bled dramatically, was really just a tiny cut. Clearly it had looked much worse than it really was. After cleaning it she applied some antibacterial spray and a small band-aid. Then she sat on the side of the tub for a moment and tried to gather her thoughts. She was feeling a bit worried about inviting these attractive young strangers into her home. Se was all alone and feeling a little vulnerable. But at the same time she was feeling a surprising amount of excitement. Quick little flashes of thoughts and images were racing through her mind as she thought of the possibilities. Michael had been gone for quite a while and the thought of not one, but two energetic young male bodies in her living room sent little shivers of excitement through her body. She wasn't sure how to proceed, but she couldn't just sit in the bathroom all afternoon.

Patricia realized that her clothes were still soaking wet and she quickly removed them, toweled dry, and then slipped into the robe that she kept hanging on the shower door. She took a deep breath and them opened the door and headed back to the living room.

When she entered the room she saw that Charles and Joe were standing in the middle of the room. She saw that they had removed their shoes and placed them by the door. It took a moment before she could comprehend why they were standing there. In all the splashing around, they had both gotten soaked and were politely standing so that they would not get the furniture damp. She apologized for leaving them standing there and with a sly little giggle offered to dry their shorts in the dryer. She intended it as a bit of a joke but was startled speechless when both of them immediately agreed and quickly removed their ragged cutoffs.

At first Patricia was unsure of what to do. She was quite surprised at this turn of events and her mind was frantically trying to figure out what just happened and how she should handle it. Suddenly she realized that she was standing there, mouth agape, staring at to naked muscular young men. It seemed that there was only one way to deal with the situation (and the obvious excitement of the two aforementioned young men).

Patricia walked to Charles and tentatively ran her hand over his chest and down his rippled belly. She slowly slid her hand down and gently stroked the prominent protrusion that was standing between them. Charles pushed into her stroke and made a deep moaning noise. She realized that the interest she had earlier doubted was very real and very powerful.

As she continued stroking Charles with a slow purposeful motion Joe sidled up behind her and began to press himself against her. She reached her free hand behind and began to slowly stroke him also. She was a very surprised as the erection he had began to grow even larger. She realized that he had not really had an erection when she first saw him because as she stroked his cock it grew and grew into something larger, thicker and longer than anything she had ever experienced before. She began to doubt the wisdom of her decision, but decided that she was willing to try to accommodate them. She also realized that her excitement had grown to the point the she would not be able to stop even if she wanted to. That was her last clear thought. Suddenly she was engulfed with an animal passion that consumed her and drove her in a rush of sexual desire far beyond anything she had ever known.

Joe reached around her and quickly pulled open the robe she was wearing. It fell to the floor with a rush as she pushed her now naked quivering body against Charles. Her need was so intense and she desperately wanted to feel these two strong young men taking advantage of her, pushing into her, taking her fast and deep. She moaned and shivered as she felt Charles press himself between her legs from the front and Joe press his huge cock between her cheeks from behind.

She was so aroused that she desperately wanted them to take her standing right there. Charles kissed her deeply as his hands ran over her back and buttocks. Joe pressed his body against her back and his hands wandered across her breast, down her belly and his fingers began to slowly caress the little button just above where Charles cock was pressing so urgently between her legs.

Patricia felt as if her body was on fire. She could feel the moisture oozing between her pussy lips as Joe massaged her clit and Charles cock slid teasingly back and forth across her mound. Slowly Joe pulled away from her and began to pull her hips backwards away from Charles cock. At first she resisted, reluctant to leave the hardness that was exciting her so. Then she realized what he intended and allowed him to pull her hips backwards toward him. As he did, she slowly sank to her knees and leaned forward, taking Charles into her mouth and slowly sucking his cock, sliding him deeper into her mouth with each stroke. As she did, she felt Joe pressing the tip of his cock against her from behind. She never would have thought she would be able to take someone as large as him into herself, but now it seemed that she could and would do anything to reach the ecstasy that she do deeply craved.

Joes cock pressed insistently against her as she rocked back and forth, first taking Charles into her mouth deeply then pressing against Joes cock. With each backwards motion she could feel Joe sliding into her a little deeper. She felt as if he was going to stretch her beyond her breaking point, but eh feeling of his huge cock working into her was so indescribably exciting that she was determined to get as much of him inside as possible. She rocked forward again and then pushed back determinedly. Suddenly she felt Joe slid past the point of resistance and deeply into her pussy. With let out a small cry that was part pain but mostly pleasure as she felt his huge cock plunge into her with a strong powerful stroke. It felt as if her body was full to the point of bursting and still she wanted more.

Patricia began to rock forward and back with an urgency that belied her building excitement. Between great gulps of Charles cock she found herself exhorting them on. Demanding "Fuck me harder....yes harder...that's it, pound it deeper...oh yes...take me....fuck me....FUCK ME". Patricia was almost screaming with excitement as she felt the waves of pleasure rising and getting stronger.

Suddenly, with a great heave, Joe pulled himself out of her and began to move her. She nearly cried out in disappointment. At first she thought he was done but then realized that he was merely repositioning her.

Joe rolled onto his back and raised her over his body. She looked down and for the first time saw just how large he was. She fleetingly thought "That won't fit in there", but no sooner had she thought the thought than his cock slid deeply into her again and she felt his powerful stroke as he filled her beyond imagining. She began rocking back and forth, feeling the mass of him slid in and out of her as her clit rubbed across his pubic mound. The sensation was quickly arousing her and she could feel the waves of excitement building. Charles, meanwhile, had positioned himself behind her. She been so engrossed in Joes cock that she had lost track of what Charles was up to.

Suddenly she realized that Charles was not only behind her, he was pressing his cock against her in a place that had never been fucked before. Joe slowed his motion as Charles pressed the tip of himself against the tight little entrance to her ass. Patricia again began to wonder if she was capable of handling this, but she was so aroused that she would try anything if it would get her where she so desperatly needed to be.

Charles gently massaged her asshole with the tip of his cock as he slowly pressed harder and harder against her. Joe began to slowly move in rhythm with Charles as they rocked her up and down. The sensation of Joe inside her and Charles pressing against her ass was getting her so excited and she desperately wanted them to take her. She was begging them " please, Fuck me, Take me, Make me cum...Oh Please ...Yes...fuck my pussy....fuck me in the ass....OH GOD, YES FUCK ME HARDER!!" She nearly screamed.

Her excitement and all the lubrication flowing from her was enough to allow Charles cock to slide with one quick thrust deeply into her ass. The feeling of the two cocks deeply in her, filling her in a way she had never before imagined possible was more than she could take.

Patricia felt the orgasm coming at her like a freight train as the two young studs fucked her hard and deep just as she begged them to do. She was screaming now, begging them to take her and fuck her and make her cum. The orgasm washed over her with a power that was beyond anything she had ever experienced before. She shuddered with pleasure and screamed with desire as she rocked back into the deep powerful thrusts. Obviously her excitement was contagious because she felt Joe shooting stream after stream of cum deep into her pussy. At the same time she could feel Charles' spasms and shudders as he unloaded deep into her ass. She continued to rock slowly against them as she felt them beginning to subside and soften with her.

As Patricia's breathing began to steady, she could feel her body melting into what seemed to be a quivering mass of jelly. It was as if all the strength had gone out of her. With a great effort she rolled off of Joe and lay there between them gasping for air and trying to grasp the magnitude of what just happened.
