 Author's notes: Recently I was contacted by a woman who we will call Elysa. She had just finished reading all of my and other authors' stories about Peggy Sanford and her wild adventures. Like me she was hooked. She told me that she and her husband are committed swingers and she shared several of their wilder adventures. She suggested a few ideas that I could use as inspiration for more stories about Peggy. This story is based on the time she and her husband enjoyed a swinging adventure with a "wild and naughty" flight attendant. It also has elements from the very first erotic story I ever read. That story was about a flight attendant's visit to an erotic spa that catered to its clients more hedonistic desires. I also added a few of my own naughty thoughts for good measure.

While I was writing this story I was contacted by Peggy Sanford herself. I was honored and thrilled when she wrote that she has read and enjoyed my stories. I was flattered when she invited me to continue writing about her and her naughty adventures. I was grateful when she suggested several story lines. Her ideas were to write about her early life as a newlywed, as a flight attendant and her life now, as a traveling insurance claims adjuster centering on her trips to the Caribbean. 

Thanks to Peggy, I now have about a dozen ideas and outlines for stories about Peggy's early life, her adventures and her life now. I just need to find the time to complete them.

As always I try to fill in enough background information, characters and past incidents to make this story readable on its own but I recommend that you read Peggy46 and all the other authors who have written so many interesting stories about the wild and naughty escapades of Peggy Sanford before reading mine.

Be advised all names, except Peggy's were changed to protect the not so innocent. As always I hope you enjoy this adventure and welcome any comments.

*****

Many people have written to me asking me about my early life, from being a young innocent bride from a small southern town, to the well-known web slut I have become today. A period of my life story that has generated considerable curiosity is the time I spent as a flight attendant enjoying many sexual adventures with my co-workers, passengers and locals from the many cities I have visited. But before I get too far ahead in this story, let me introduce myself. My name is Peggy Sanford. I'm 46 years old now and the married mother of two college aged children. I have long, wavy, brown hair, green eyes and a slim 35C-23-36 figure on a 5'3", 103 pound body. I have been told numerous times that I'm beautiful and don't look my age. Even now at 46 years old I can still do some part time modeling. I have only one real vice in life; a sexual addiction that compels me to seek out numerous and varied encounters with a variety of men, women or groups.

Some may blame my sexual addiction on my first husband. A few weeks after we were married he began encouraging me to date other men. As a small town girl, fairly innocent and inexperienced, I was shocked at the suggestion. I resisted at first but since he was a few years older than me and knew how to play me like a fiddle added to the fact I loved him dearly and wanted to please him, I relented. I must confess an additional motive for giving in to his requests. I had many repressed sexual fantasies of my own and my husband's wishes for me to date, would allow me to explore them. My husband wasn't a cuckold. He just liked knowing I was with other men and loved hearing all the naughty details of my experiences. He had only one rule, no second dates. That was fine with me, I liked the variety. The men would pick me up at our house and return me later, totally exhausted after experiencing a new sexual adventure. I have to admit I loved having the experiences and telling my husband about them afterwards was just an additional turn on. We had some incredible sex after my dates. So I guess in retrospect, I really don't blame my first husband. Without his encouragement I wouldn't have had all of these wonderful adventures that I have experienced all these years.

A few years after we married I took a job as a flight attendant. For many flight attendants the chance to travel to different cities and countries and explore their history and culture is one the biggest perks of the job. For me the chance to travel to different cities and countries and indulge in numerous sexual encounters with co-workers, passengers, new friends or anonymous strangers was the ultimate perk of the job. It also allowed me to share my many new adventures with my husband when I returned.

One of my more memorable adventures occurred late in my career when I had the chance to work a flight to Tahiti. The layover time was only 24 hours but I wasn't concerned. I've managed to pack quite a few adventures in that short period of a time during previous layovers. 

I was standing in the doorway of the plane, greeting and watching the passengers as they boarded. I have an ulterior motive in doing that. I've always been successful in picking out the players and swingers in a crowd. It something about the way they act and carry themselves. I spotted the young couple right away or maybe I should say we spotted each other. Both of them smiled and slowly looked me up and down, undressing me with their eyes. I know that look well; I was doing the same to them.

They were both looked to be in their early thirties and very physically fit. The man was very handsome, about 6'1" tall and weighing about 175 pounds. He had a full head of thick brown hair and piercing blue eyes. The woman was strikingly beautiful, about 5'6" tall and weighing about 110 pounds. She had long blond hair and brown eyes. Luckily they were sitting in my section, first class. Unluckily I was working first class with another flight attendant named Kathy who seemed to have it in for me. 

When the couple found their seat I immediately went over to them, flashed a warm friendly smile and introduced myself. They introduced themselves as Jacques and Elysa. They both spoke with the loveliest French accents. I offered to get them a drink while everyone else boarded. They thanked me, asked for some wine and sat back. As I stepped away, I glanced back and noticed that they were still checking me out as I took care of some other passengers.

When I returned with their drinks, we engaged in some small talk and playful flirting. I asked if their trip was business or pleasure. Jacques told me "definitely pleasure" and explained that they going to Tahiti for a month on their yearly holiday. 

"A month in paradise, I'm jealous, we only get 24 hours on our layover. I'd love to take even a few weeks and explore all the pleasures of Tahiti," I replied.

"Well, we come here every year. We have a villa overlooking the beach. We'd love to give you a local's tour of the... pleasures of Tahiti," Jacques replied with a mischievous smile.

I laughed and then looked at Elysa.

"Mmmm, so you'd be coming along... for the pleasures." I said with a mischievous smile of my own. 

"Of course, we do everything together... everything," Elysa replied with a mischievous smile of her own.

I smiled and we flirted some more but I had to step away to help other passengers. After we reached cruising altitude, I stopped by several more times to check on them and engage in more playful flirting. 

Later I was in the galley preparing the in-flight meal when the other first class flight attendant, Kathy came up behind me.

"You know Peggy, that man you keep flirting with is married. What are you gonna do wait til his wife falls asleep and fuck him in the lavatory like you did with that guy on the flight to Italy?" Kathy snidely asked.

"No, she's kinda cute herself, I'm going to see if I can both of them in the lavatory and fuck both of them," I snapped back at her.

"Yeah that's something you'd do. And you'd probably get away with that too," Kathy snapped right back at me.

Before our argument got too loud, the lead flight attendant, Toni came up behind us. She sent Kathy to the back of the plane and told her she'd talk to her in a few minutes. Toni waited until Kathy had walked out of earshot before talking to me.

"What's going on Peggy? Is she still pissed about that handsome young Italian businessman you introduced to the mile high club?" Toni asked with a smile.

"Now she's pissed that I've been flirting with a cute couple in first class but yeah I think it has something to with that guy. I think she's mostly pissed that I didn't get in trouble when she turned me into Captain Rogers," I replied before adding. "So basically she's a bitch."

"Yeah she is," Toni laughed before adding. "Captain Rogers huh, that horn dog, I can guess how you got out of that."

"Yeah, I fucked him. Him, the co-pilot and the flight navigator, I had to fuck all three of them," I replied with a laugh before adding. "The fucking perverts, you know what they wanted, all three of them wanted to fuck me at the same time. They stuffed my pussy, ass and mouth with their cocks at the same time...and you what, it was great. First time I ever had three guys at the same time like that...and you what else, I'm dying to do it again." 

Toni laughed and said "Yeah that's just like you, Peggy. I swear I've never known a woman who likes to fuck as much as you do." 

I laughed and said "What can I say, I'm slut. But it's not like you're so innocent. I've been on a few wild layovers with you," 

Toni laughed and said "No, I'm not, but I'm not on your level, you always seem insatiable." 

Both of us laughed but then Toni got serious.

"Look, Kathy's a pain in the ass but I need to separate you two. Can you go cover business class with Carla? And lay low on this flight? Captain Andrews is a company guy. If she goes to him with a complaint he'll check it out and all this might come out," Toni asked.

"Sure, no problem," I replied before I added with a laugh. "But you owe me, they are a very attractive couple and I heard them mention something about a villa on the beach.

Toni laughed but then added. "Actually I know a place in Tahiti that you might enjoy. It's not an attractive couple with a villa on the beach but I think you'll really love it. It's a spa with very special massages. I think you'll love the special massages. I'll give you the info on it later."

I headed toward the back of the plane. As I passed Jacques and Elysa's seats I noticed that she wasn't sitting there but I didn't think anything about until much later.

The rest of the flight was uneventful. Toni managed to stop by with the name and address of the spa she had told me about earlier. It was called Tarita's Spa. She also wrote down the type of massage I should ask for, a "Daugarogaro Taa E massage." When I asked her what that meant, she was very cryptic but she insisted that I'd love it. When we landed, I tried to head back to first class and talk to Jacques and Elysa but a passenger's emergency delayed me. I was disappointed I didn't get to hook up with them but I figured I'd console myself with the massage, Toni said I'd love it. If that didn't work out hopefully I could find another sex addict like myself, I always seem to do.

The airline had a small bus to transport us to the flight crew hotel. We checked in and headed to our rooms. Most of the crew wanted to rest for a bit before heading out to see the sights. As I was changing out of my uniform I pulled the note from Toni out of my pocket. I wasn't tired so I decided to treat myself to a massage. I changed into a short sundress and pair of high heel sandals, nothing else. From Toni's cryptic comments, I figured I'd be naked during the massage so why add more clothes. Besides I love the freedom I feel when I'm naked under a short flimsy dress.

It was a short taxi ride to Tarita's and I was warmly greeted at the front desk by an attractive young woman. I showed her Toni's note and asked her about a "Daugarogaro Taa E massage." She smiled and said it means special sensual massage. When I asked how "sensual" the massage was, she laughed and said as "sensual" you want it. Then she pulled out a photo album and took me off to the side. She told me to look through the album and pick a masseur or a masseuse if I preferred.

I open the album and was surprised to see that all of the masseurs and masseuses were naked in their pictures. There was a list of numbers under their picture. It took me a minute to figure out that it was their age, length of employment and height and weight in the metric scale. I guessed that the set of three digits and one letter under the masseuses was their bust, waist, and hip measurement. The masseurs had a single number, ranging from 15.24 to 27.93 under their picture. It took me another few seconds to realize it was the size of their dicks in centimeters. My first thought was to pick the biggest one but he was the youngest and newest employee. I settled, although it really wasn't settling, on a tall, handsome, powerfully built young man named Toanui. It said in the album that his name means "The Great Warrior" and it was easy to see it certainly fit him. He was 25 years old and had worked as a masseur for 5 years, so he was experienced. It took me a few minutes to do the conversion but I figured he was about 6 feet tall and weighed about 180 pounds. Most importantly it looked like his cock was a solid, thick 8 inches.

The young woman at the desk told me I had chosen wisely and then took me into a locker room. She handed me a short silk robe and told me to change. I quickly removed my dress, donned the silk robes and stepped out of the locker room to the hallway. The young woman was waiting and she led me to a private bathing area. After a shower, a body wrap in fresh banana tree leaves and a refreshing fresh flower water bath she led me to a private massage room. The attendant told me to get comfortable and my masseur would be in shortly. 

I took a quick walk around the massage room, checking it out. The room was decorated in a Polynesian motif with a massage table in the center, a couple of cabinets, a table with a large supply of towels and various bottles and tubes of oil and lotion. One wall was completely covered with a mirror. I stopped in front of the mirror, stared at it for a few seconds and then smiled. Is this a two way mirror, I thought to myself. I hoped so. I forgot to tell you, in addition to being a sex addict; I'm also a committed and enthusiastic exhibitionist. I've always loved being watched. I get a physical high off of just the thought of someone or more than just one person, seeing me naked and naughty. I decided to play it up for any potential voyeurs.

I slowly opened the robe and let it gradually slip off my shoulders. It dropped to the floor, gathered around my ankles and I stood there, completely naked. I brought my hands up and caressed my breasts. They are a full "C" cup, with dark areolas and large prominent nipples. I strummed my fingers across my nipples and watched as the nubs quickly grew and hardened. I slowly slid my hands down across my flat stomach to my bush. My private parts are covered with a trim patch of light brown hair. I closed my eyes and softly moaned as I ran my fingers through the hair, fluffing it up. I opened my eyes and smiled again before rising up on my tip-toes and pirouetting half a turn. I looked back over my shoulder and began slowly dropping down and rising back up on my toes. Each movement further accented the shape and tone of my legs and ass. I have been told that my ass is one of my best features. Slowly I lowered myself down; flat on my feet with my back was still facing the mirror. I bent over at the waist and slowly moved my hands onto my buttocks. I pulled the cheeks apart, exposing my pink rosebud and pussy. I waited a few seconds before sliding my hands down the backs of my legs to my ankles. Finally I gathered up the robe, slowly stood back up and sauntered over to a set of hooks to hang it up.

I came back over to the table, smiled into the mirror and turned my back again. I climbed up on the table and rolled onto my side, facing the mirror. I propped my upper body up on my elbow and raised my upper leg, bent at the knee. I reached a hand between my legs and brushed it back and forth across my pussy. Already I could feel the warmth and moisture radiating from within. I used my pointer and ring finger to push the lips of my pussy apart as I rubbed my middle finger up and down the slit. A soft moan escaped from my lips. Slowly I began working that finger in and out of my pussy. My moans became louder and louder.

I was startled when the door to the massage room opened and Toanui, entered. I was surprised to see two more masseurs, I recognized them from the album, step in behind him and I was doubly surprised to see that all three of them were naked. They came to three sides of the massage table and surrounded me. Some woman might be embarrassed or feel self-conscious to be caught naked with her fingers in her pussy by three handsome, equally naked young men but not me, I was turned on. I pulled my finger from my pussy and stuck it in my mouth. After I pulled the digit from my mouth, I looked them over, one by one. The two new masseurs introduced themselves. They were Ponui and Manua. Ponui was about 25 years old. He was about 5' 10" tall, muscularly built with a beautiful, very thick, cock. Manua was the very young, long dicked masseur from the album. He was 19. He was taller than Ponui or Toanui, with a thinner build. He had the 27.93 centimeter dick. It was thin but long very long, almost a foot long. I turned back to Toanui and asked why there were three of them. He told me that someone, he didn't know who had arranged for me to experience an "extra special massage" and that I should just lay back and enjoy it. Now I was certain someone must be watching so I looked over to the mirror, smiled and said, "Well then I guess I will."

They told me to lay down, flat on my stomach. I did and turned my face towards the mirror. The three young men poured some oil on their hands, warmed it, and began the massage. Toanui started at my neck and shoulders, and worked his way down my back. Ponui and Manua each started at a foot, massaging my toes, soles and heels before working their way up my legs. Toanui poured a generous amount of oil onto the small of my back and massaged it further down onto my buttocks. He squeezed and kneaded the fleshy globes before letting his fingers disappear into the valley between the cheeks of my ass. Ponui and Manua had each worked their hands up to the tops of my thighs. They each used one of their hands to brush up against my pussy and the other to pull my ass cheeks apart. Toanui took advantage of the widening gap and strummed his finger across my asshole. I responded the only way I could think of, by closing my eyes, flexing my hips and softly moaning. 

As my moans became louder and more pronounced they suddenly stopped and told me to roll over. I was a little distressed that they stopped, but I complied. Why not, I had parts on the front of body that needed attention. The guys warmed more oil in their hands and began massaging the front of my body. They rotated positions, with Ponui starting at my shoulders and quickly moving down to my breasts, caressing and fondling the big globes and pinching and pulling my nipples. Meanwhile Toanui and Manua had started at my feet and quickly worked their hands up my legs and thighs, close to my pussy. Their hands disappeared between my legs as they occasionally brushed up against my bush and over my pussy. 

Toanui's, Manua's and Ponui's actions had their desired effect on me. I began flexing my hips and softly moaning once again. The act of them rubbing their hands on my naked flesh also seemed to affect them, their cocks began to grow, long, fat and hard. That action added an additional effect on me. I wanted... no I needed their cocks. I reached out and slid my hand up Ponui's thigh. When he moaned in response, I took hold of his cock and began sliding my hand up and down its length. That initiated a flurry of activity on the guys' part. They moved my body up the massage table so that my head was hanging off the edge. Ponui put one hand under my head and held it as he guided his cock to my face with the other. He rubbed the head of his cock back and forth on my cheeks and lips. I stuck out my tongue and flicked it along the fat organ. At the same time Manua moved to one side of the table. He fondled and caressed my breasts, stopping to kiss and suck my nipples. Toanui got up on the table and knelt between my legs. He lifted my legs onto his shoulders and dipped his face into my crotch. The first flick of his tongue on my pussy elicited a deep groan of pleasure, which was quickly muffled by Ponui sliding his cock into my mouth. 
