 SATURDAY AND A VISIT FROM ROGER

Peggy woke up Saturday feeling wonderful after her Friday night with her big boys. She just loved the way they fucked her and filled all her holes. It seemed that they could cum forever and they always left Peggy full of their seed. She went through her routine of running a bath and making a pot of coffee. As she soaked her shapely body in the hot bubbly water Peggy reflected on her sex life.

Peggy thought about the previous Saturday night when she had met Winston. She still had a difficult time coming to grips with what she allowed to happen. Then the worst possible outcome was to be seen by her boss Roger as she performed sex acts with so many strangers. She had never recognized Roger at the club but apparently he had had his turn with her and took her ass. Then this past week she had to go to Roger's office every day and suck his cock.

Then Peggy thought back to the young black man Derrick. He was the first black man she ever had sex with in the states. Peggy had had her first black cock when she was in the Caribbean on vacation but she had never risked it at home. Peggy had often looked at some of the black students at school and wondered how big their cocks were. She often fantasized about fucking and sucking some of the black students but she had never dared to cross that line. Derrick's cock had felt good in her and she liked being so full of cock. 

Peggy then thought back to her time in the Caribbean and how it happened that Peggy had had her first black cock. A young man named Thomas brought her breakfast to the room and one thing led to another and before she knew it they were both naked and fucking in bed. She recalled how Thomas coiled up like a spring as he plunged his big cock into her pussy. They fucked for hours the first day they were together.

Thomas suggested a massage for Peggy and she readily agreed. The next day Thomas arrived at the room with the masseuse a strapping black man named Isaac. Peggy lay on the bed with a towel covering her body but Isaac pulled it off her claiming that the towel only got in the way. Isaac then began to massage her body and soon he was fingering her asshole with the oil. The next thing Peggy knew was that Isaac got behind her and slid his cock into her ass. Isaac had a perfect cock for ass fucking as it was long, thin and tapered. He went in easily and then he lifted Peggy so that she was on all fours. Thomas then stepped up and offered his cock to Peggy to suck. Peggy took Thomas in her mouth and sucked him until he came in her mouth. Isaac came in her ass and she was cum filled.

Thomas then had Peggy mount his cock and lower her pussy on him as Isaac shoved his cock back in her ass. That was the first time in her life that Peggy was double fucked. Both men came in her pussy and ass. Of course Peggy had had multiple orgasms and she was spent by the time the two men left her. The following day Thomas and Isaac were back in Peggy's room and this time another black man was with them. His name was Aaron. They dispensed with any massage or preliminaries and they had Peggy mount Thomas's cock. Then Isaac shoved his cock in her ass and Aaron gave Peggy his cock to suck on. Peggy then had three black cocks in her at the same time.

The three men filled Peggy's three holes with cum and then they wanted to rotate. Peggy said she was nervous about taking the other cocks in her ass but that they were careful with her. Thomas fucked her ass next because Aaron was the biggest and she really felt stretched when Aaron finally fucked her ass. Peggy had never been so full of cock and cum in her life. She was sure that she had had at least 30 inches of cock in her at once. They were her first big boys.

Peggy ran her hands over her big tits and tweaked her nipples as she recalled her sexual adventures. He hands slid under the soapy water and caressed her vulva and then she played with her clit. Peggy masturbated as she recalled her experience in the Caribbean and she got herself off with her fingers. Then she slid down in the tub and relaxed. Peggy decided at that moment that she would not go out that night to her favorite lounge.

Peggy finished her bath and made herself a lite breakfast. She decided to go shopping for the day and have lunch out while she was shopping. Peggy dressed in a blouse and tight slacks that showed off her shapely ass and then she headed for the mall. She knew that she would turn some heads at the mall as her curvy ass swayed in her tight slacks. At least at that moment however, sex was not on her mind.

Later that day Peggy returned home from shopping and she had just poured a glass of wine when the doorbell rang. She wasn't expecting anyone and the last person she expected to see was Roger Cummings her Principal.

"Roger, what are you doing here?" Peggy asked in surprise.

"Oh I was out running some errands and I got a little horny looking at all the ladies so I decided to pay you a visit," Roger replied smugly.

"I can't invite you in. I am expecting someone," Peggy said unconvincingly.

Roger just pushed his way in and stood in the foyer. Peggy knew that there was really nothing she could do and that he planned to have his way with her. Then she thought back to when she sucked his uncut cock and she recalled that she actually enjoyed it. She had liked sticking her tongue into the foreskin and tickling his pee hole and how she liked the smooth head running over her tongue. Peggy then became a little turned on.

"Now after what we have been through together, you're not going to get shy with me are you?" Roger said as he reached for her and pulled her into his arms.

Roger kissed her and ran his hands over her body. He reached down and grabbed her shapely ass and pulled her tight to him. Peggy felt his erection press into her thigh as he held her. Roger unbuttoned Peggy's blouse and removed it from her body. Then he unhooked her bra and slid it down off her arms. Roger rubbed Peggy's big tits and got her nipples hard. Then he leaned over and sucked on each tit and each nipple.

"You have really nice tits," Roger told her and then covered one with his mouth again.

Peggy moaned and groaned as Roger worked on her tits. He was gentle as he sucked on her nipples and he soon had her very aroused. Roger got behind Peggy and then he unfastened her belt and slacks. This was the moment he had looked forward to when he would unveil her hot ass to his eyes. He slowly pulled her slacks down and due to their tightness they seemed to catch on Peggy's buttocks. Roger tugged a little harder and the slacks cleared Peggy's curvy panty covered bottom. Roger felt his cock stir in his pants as he uncovered Peggy's beautiful ass.

Roger pulled her slacks all the way down and Peggy stepped out of them leaving her clad only in her panties. Roger stared at her shapely legs and curvy ass briefly before hooking his fingers in the waistband of her panties. Roger then with painstaking slowness lowered Peggy's panties finally baring her fantastic ass. Peggy smiled to herself as she knew the effect her ass was having on Roger. She mused about how many times she had been through this ritual and she loved it each time.

Roger stroked her firm shapely buns first and then placed light kisses on the cheeks of her ass. He ran his tongue up and down the crack of her ass before stopping at her tailbone. He tickled the top of her ass with his tongue and he soon had Peggy squirming with desire. He then turned Peggy around to face him and he kissed her thighs and pubes. Peggy reached down and pulled Roger up by his head so that he stood up. Peggy in her naked beauty then dropped to her knees to unfasten Roger's belt and pants.

Peggy pulled Roger's pants and underwear down to his ankles causing his erect cock to leap out and bob in front of her face. Roger was uncut and it was the only uncut cock that Peggy had ever seen in person. She was taken with it and she played with it in her hands. She rolled the foreskin back to expose the head and then tickled it with her tongue. 

"I like your uncut cock," she said as she held Roger' cock in her hand.

Peggy pushed the skin back and watched as the sensitive head was uncovered. Peggy flicked her tongue over the skinned back cock and tickled Roger' pee hole with her tongue. Peggy engulfed the entire cock in her mouth and Roger trembled with desire. Peggy felt his cock hardening in her mouth and she cupped his swollen balls to excite him further. Roger couldn't control himself any longer and he warned Peggy that he was going to cum. Peggy kept right on sucking his cock and let him cum in her mouth. Roger grunted, stiffened and then shot his load into Peggy's sensuous mouth. 

"Oh God," Roger screamed as he filled Peggy's mouth with cum.

Peggy swallowed every drop and then she released Roger' deflating cock. They then went into her bedroom and Peggy got in bed on her back. Roger scrambled to get all his clothes off and joined Peggy in bed. Peggy guided Roger's head to her pussy and Roger dove right in. Within minutes Peggy was squirming and groaning as she approached her orgasm. Her body then jerked and she threw her pussy up into Roger's face. Roger grabbed her by her buttocks and held tight to Peggy as he sucked every drop of love juice from her pussy. Peggy stopped squirming and lay still on the bed as Roger kissed her pubes and inner thighs. Then he rolled her over on her stomach and lifted her by her hips until her ass was positioned where he wanted it. 

Peggy lowered her head to the bed and turned to one side as Roger caressed her lovely ass. He began kissing her buns again and then probed her asshole with his tongue. Peggy loved the ass foreplay and she rotated her butt to show her pleasure. Roger then got up to get the lotion from her bathroom. He returned to the bed and began to probe Peggy's anus with first one then two fingers. He knew his cock would go in easily but he still wanted her well greased. Roger then lined up his cock with Peggy's asshole and pushed gently. Her rosebud opened up and swallowed his cock as Roger pushed it all in with one continuous stroke.

Peggy felt Roger's cock slide in easily and she thought that his cock felt tapered. She loved the easy penetration as his cock made its way all the way in. It would take Roger quite awhile before he would cum again but that was fine with him since he wanted to savor every moment in Peggy's beautiful ass. Peggy loved the feeling of Roger's cock in her ass as she loved the tapered shape of his uncut dick. It seemed that Roger fucked Peggy for almost an hour before he finally came again. Peggy had worked her fingers in her pussy so she had orgasmed a few more times before Roger finally shot his load in her ass. Roger didn't cum in the volume or with the force of her big boys but Peggy could feel it and she still loved the feeling of the warm liquid coating her canal.

Roger stayed still with his cock in Peggy's ass as she milked it dry with her anal muscles. Roger wished that he could stay hard forever and leave his cock in her ass indefinitely but his cock softened and slipped from her asshole. Roger caressed her ass for awhile longer and probed it with his fingers before he got out of bed and got cleaned up and dressed. 

"You know Peggy I really enjoyed that. I look forward to seeing you again," Roger told her.

"I would like that too," Peggy agreed.

Roger then left Peggy's home and Peggy took a shower. Afterward, Peggy curled up on her sofa with a good book and another glass of wine. She was very content as she had actually enjoyed her visit from Roger. Peggy knew that it would be a regular thing from now on as Roger would pop in from time to time and that she would still be giving him blowjobs at school. Peggy lost herself in her book and after finishing the bottle of wine she dozed off on her sofa.

SUNDAY AND A BIG STEP ACROSS THE LINE

Peggy was sitting in her kitchen drinking coffee and reading the Sunday paper when she heard the sound of a motor outside. She peeked out her window and spotted a tall young black man trimming her neighbor's trees. She was taken with the young black buck as she stared at his muscular frame. He wasn't wearing a shirt and his muscles were ripped. Peggy felt her loins stir as she watched him. She looked at his crotch and it was obvious that he had a big package in his shorts. She scolded herself for looking at him and thinking those evil sexual thoughts. Peggy was only wearing her terry robe and she was naked under it. She moved away from the window so as not to be spotted staring and returned to the kitchen table. About thirty minutes later the doorbell rang and it was the young black man at the door. "Sorry to bother you Maam but I was wondering if I could trouble you for a glass of water. I'm working next door on your neighbor's trees but they are not at home otherwise I would ask them," he asked.

Peggy stared at his impressive muscular frame for a few seconds before she replied, "Oh a glass of water, certainly I'll get it for you."

Peggy turned away and went back into the kitchen to get the water. The young man stepped into her house closed the door and followed her into the kitchen. He watched Peggy's big ass sway under the terry robe as she walked in front of him and he wondered if she had ever fucked a black guy.

Peggy poured the water and turned to bring it back to the young man. She was surprised and nervous when she saw him standing in her kitchen. Peggy handed him the glass of water and stared uncertainly as he downed it. Peggy felt uneasy with the strapping young black man in her house.

"Oh by the way my name is Reggie and thanks for the water," he said.

Peggy replied to him trying to establish some formality, "You're welcome, I am Ms. Williams."

Peggy felt awkward standing in her kitchen wearing only a terry cloth robe having a conversation with a black stranger. Reggie downed the second glass of water and then handed the glass to Peggy.

"Thank you Ms. Williams, I better get back to work now," Reggie said and then he turned to leave.

Peggy closed the door behind him as he left her house and then she turned her back and leaned on it. "Are you out of your mind?" she thought to herself.

Peggy then returned to her morning paper and coffee but she could not get Reggie out of her mind. Another hour passed and then Peggy went outside to check on Reggie when she heard the motor stop. He was loading the wood in his truck and she watched as his muscles rippled. Reggie looked up and saw Peggy looking at him and smiled at her. She felt awkward so she spoke without thinking.

"I wanted to see if you needed any more water," Peggy called to him regretting making the offer as soon as she said it.

"Sure, I'll be over after I load the truck," he yelled back to her.

Peggy went back in the house and poured a glass of ice water for Reggie and then she stood in her foyer to meet him at the door. Reggie rang the doorbell and when Peggy opened the door he stepped in quickly before she could react. She had planned to keep him on her front porch by handing him the water but he was already in the house. Things moved quickly then.

"I think I need to show you some gratitude for the water," Reggie said and he moved toward Peggy. 

Peggy moved away and pulled the robe tightly around her body as she was naked under it. Peggy had had plenty of time to dress but she had chosen to keep the robe on and she knew what she wanted. Reggie smiled at her and slipped his arms around her pulling Peggy toward him. His one hand snaked in her robe and cupped her sex. Peggy's pussy was sopping wet, her body once again betraying her. He freed his own erect cock from his shorts and she felt it press up against her. Their lips met in a passionate kiss with his tongue darting into her mouth in search of hers. She pressed her body against him as they tongue fucked one another. Peggy could feel pleasure surging up her spine.

Peggy once again succumbed to her desires and she led Reggie by the hand to the bedroom. She sat down on the bed and her tiny hands fumbled with Reggie's shorts. She pushed his shorts and underwear down over his hips to his feet as his big cock bounced in front of her face. Reggie took off his shirt and kicked his pants and briefs aside becoming totally naked. Peggy stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her tiny hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and wondered how she ever had handle it. Reggie sighed as she masturbated him.

She leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at his ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was able to take half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. They hadn't spoken a word to each other since they kissed. Peggy began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. She was able to get about seven inches in her mouth. Peggy slurped loudly on Reggie's dick as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long cock.

Reggie stood before Peggy as she sucked ravenously on his oversized cock. Her hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. Reggie placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was so hot and he couldn't believe his good fortune as he held her hair back to watch her pretty face and sensuous mouth. Peggy kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was still incredibly turned on and her pussy was soaked. 

Reggie came into her life with his big cock and Peggy now realized that she was addicted to it. She was so enamored with his impressive cock; she found that she loved to suck on it. Peggy was desperate to please him and to make him cum. She loved to swallow cum. Peggy wanted this to be Reggie's best blow job ever and she put all her efforts into it even more so than she ever had with Roger. It did not take long to bring Reggie to the edge.

Reggie announced that he was cumming and Peggy clamped down on his cock determined to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. Peggy swallowed as quickly as she could and did not allow a drop to escape her mouth. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his sperm. Then Peggy took the cock from her mouth and Reggie watched as she squeezed more cum out the end of his dick. Peggy then wrapped her lips around it and sucked his man juice dry. She nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and push her away. Reggie's cock stayed hard and Peggy marveled at the impressive organ before her.

Peggy lay back on the bed and opened her robe. She displayed her beautiful neatly trimmed pussy to Reggie. She opened her legs and smiled at him. Reggie knelt before Peggy at the end of her bed and kissed her from her knee up her soft thighs towards her womanhood. He took in the lovely smell of her as he kissed her smooth creamy white skin just beside her vagina. Peggy as in a state of ecstasy and her heart pounded as she watched her young lover lick her. Her cunt lips quivered as he teased them with his tongue and kissed her everywhere she desired. Reggie's tongue was long and probed deep into the inner walls of her pussy.

Peggy ran her hands over her body cupping her breasts and rolling her nipples between her fingertips. Reggie sucked her cunt lips into his mouth as his tongue snaked around in her snatch. Reggie still had not made contact with her clit and Peggy desperately needed his tongue or his cock to touch her clit. She moaned in pleasure and frustration as Reggie continued to tease her. He again wiggled his tongue deep within her pussy before finally nudging her clit. Peggy jumped as a spark of pleasure shot through her body.
