 "Hurry up!" Beth exclaimed, peeking out her bedroom door. "They just opened the front door!"

Behind her, Beth's boyfriend, Kevin, was hurriedly jerking himself as Penny sucked and licked his cock head. Penny teased his swinging balls with her fingertips and Kevin suddenly exploded. A fountain of cum splashed across Penny's face, dripping down over her exposed, D-cup breasts and their hard as steel pink nipples. He effectively coated her with warm jizz, then squeezed out a few last drops and wiped them across her offered tongue.

"Kevin?" came a demanding voice from downstairs.

Beth looked to them in alarm. "Kevin! Get down there!" she whispered fiercely.

Quickly but reluctantly, Kevin zipped up, tucked in his shirt, gave Beth a quick little tongue kiss, then the two of them rushed out the bedroom door.

Alone, Penny lay back on the bed, letting the cum ooze down her face.

The farewell hadn't gone exactly as planned. Kevin and Beth had been exclusively dating since early high school. Though both were 18, Beth was now nearing the end of her first semester of her senior year, but Kevin was in his first year of college several hours away. Products of strict upbringings, the pair had never more than kissed until just the last week, when they found a willing friend in Penny to help them along. The couple's parents had made sure Kevin and Beth never had a chance to go anywhere sexually, but when the teenagers met Penny at her job as a lingerie salesclerk in the mall, she found them the privacy and assistance they needed.

In the span of a week, Penny had helped turn two timid virgins into sex freaks. First she watched them give oral to each other for the first time in a store dressing room. Then she was asked to help Beth overcome her fear of sucking dick by sucking Kevin for her. There had been some ups and downs, especially when Penny found out Beth craved a man's cum as much as she did, but by now everything was worked out.

Unfortunately, Kevin's parents' anniversary, the reason he'd come back for a week, had come and gone, and now he was going back to school. Beth and Kevin had decided to break up after being released sexually, opting to test the waters elsewhere since they would be too far apart to do it together. They left on good terms, but Penny now wondered where this left her. She had essentially been their coach for a week, present during the couple's first orgasms, first sucks and fucks. But now what?

She was in Beth's bedroom in Beth's parents' giant house. Beth's parents were out for the evening, but Kevin's parents had waited in the car in the driveway, giving their son and his girlfriend a mere 5 minutes to say goodbye. Fortunately Beth had been prepared for this, and had arranged Penny to get there just minutes before Kevin and his folks had. That gave them about five minutes for Beth to suck her guy one more time, and, to show his appreciation for her help, allow Kevin to give Penny one final dose of the stuff she loved.

But Kevin's parents had grown impatient. They began honking the horn after three minutes, then one of them had come in through the front door downstairs. Beth and Kevin had to go say goodbye as Penny waited in silence upstairs.

Penny's mind was spinning.

One two occasions during the last week, Penny had found herself in very unfamiliar territory. When she sucked Kevin for the first time and he came in her mouth, Beth forcefully kissed Penny to swap the cum away, then licked the droplets off of Penny's face and breasts. Later, when Beth had taken a mouthful from Kevin, Penny fought back and swapped the cum away from Beth. Penny wasn't absolutely sure about Beth, but she knew that she, herself, was not a lesbian or even bi. She had never found herself curious about women. But those two incidents with Beth, added to all the things she had seen the beautiful young girl do over the last few days, was making Penny wonder how well she really knew herself.

And now, with Kevin out of the picture, did that mean the end of the relationship altogether, or would Penny find out just how close Beth wanted to be.

The idea of being with a woman still felt terribly wrong to Penny. She knew she liked men and always would. But Beth was so damn hard to get out of her mind, especially the feel of her hot little tongue and soft, smooth skin. Kissing her hadn't been better than kissing man, but it was still arousing as hell. Of course, there was always a man involved; always cum. Maybe it was really the cum that turned Penny on, and Beth was just a distraction.

Penny hoped that was it. She didn't want to be bi or gay. She didn't want to be with a woman. That would have made things so much more complicated, she thought.

And yet, when she could have licked herself clean of Kevin's facial, she just let the cum be, waiting for Beth to come back, anticipating the feeling of Beth licking it off of her. She wondered if Beth felt the same urges.

"I thought you would have cleaned yourself up and dressed already," Beth said, apparently in the room, though Penny couldn't see her because she was on her back, eyes on the ceiling.

Penny didn't know what to say. "Um, I, I just thought you might have wanted Kevin's last batch..."

"No," Beth said, sitting on the bed next to her. "I told you, I swallowed a load earlier today. That cum was supposed to be your gift, Penny."

"Oh," Penny said, pretending to have just remembered. "I guess I should have swallowed it, then."

"Yeah," Beth said. "I wondered why you took it on the face." She leaned over Penny, looking her face over. "God, you've got it everywhere." She laughed. "Do you want some help getting it off?"

Penny hesitated, then, "Yeah..."

Beth grabbed a handful of Kleen-ex from the nightstand. "It's a shame to put it to waste."

Penny grabbed Beth's hand and stopped her. "No, don't waste it...You can have some...if you want..."

Penny's suggestion caught Beth off-guard and she froze, looking Penny curiously in the eye. Though Beth had been the first to initiate bisexuality by means of getting more cum, she apparently thought this was a little too past the typical boundaries.

"You want me to lick it off of you?" Beth asked.

After thinking a moment, Penny confirmed to herself how she wanted to answer. "Yeah. Go ahead. It's still warm."

Beth dropped the tissues and tentatively bent forward, not taking her eyes off Penny's as they drew closer. When they were close enough to touch, Beth stuck out her tongue and licked Penny's cum-soaked cheek. The taste and texture of the jizz electrified her, while the touch of her tongue electrified Penny. Beth braced her hands on Penny's shoulders. Penny gasped and arched her back. Beth continued licking Penny's face, growing faster and more adamant at getting the cum. Soon her lips were pressed to Penny's cheek and she was sucking and slurping the hot, gooey sperm away.

"Is it still good?" Penny asked.

"Fresh from the oven," Beth replied with a smile, groaning.

Beth licked Penny's lip, swishing a particularly large gob just as Penny tasted the creamy residue on her other lip. Their tongues touched, and they never parted. Instead, the girls instinctively brought their tongues together, gently at first, but suddenly they were kissing full on, sucking each other into their mouths. They had done this before, but always to draw out more cum from one mouth and into the other. This time Penny had no cum in her mouth, and Beth had swallowed all of hers. This time they were truly kissing. 

Penny's entire body felt on fire as she experienced this new sensation of being with a woman both physically and mentally. She was terrified and more aroused than she could ever remember being before. Beth rested on top, her perfect C-cup breasts pushing against Penny's naked Ds. To Penny, though Beth was fully clothed, it felt amazing to feel the sexy young woman's full body weighing against her own. Penny remembered how beautiful Beth was, with her long, dark hair and piercing blue eyes—eyes just like her own. Beth was tight and slender, with a strikingly beautiful face and a perfect body. Penny had always admired it, but now she yearned for it, wanted to feel her all over herself, but was far too frightened to do anything about it.

Penny, like Beth, was 18, and though she was more mature in the head, her body was just as fresh. Penny was maybe twice as heavy as the tiny Beth, but she filled out far better with her juicy ass and magnificent breasts. Her blonde hair framed one of the cutest, most attractive faces any woman had ever had, and any man had even wanted. She was light years more experienced sexually than Beth, but right now she felt like an innocent school girl, so shy and timid and afraid of the immense pleasure she was feeling.

Beth broke the kiss, and Penny found herself moving her head and opening her mouth, trying to find Beth's lips immediately. Beth moved down to Penny's breasts, still streaked and spotted with great gobs of white cum that had dripped from her face. Beth licked and sucked the cum as she had done before, but this time special attention was paid not just to the cum, but to the hot, smooth flesh it clung to. Beth even sucked on Penny's hard nipples, which didn't have a drop of cum on them to begin with.

Penny's flesh burned with desire, loving every moment of Beth's attention, but screaming for the same treatment was Penny's sopping wet pussy. Too far gone to consider what she was saying, Penny burst out between heavy gasps of pleasure.

"Lick me. My pussy. Please, Beth. Lick me..."

Beth stopped licking Penny's breasts and looked up to her, unmoving.

"Um...Penny...there's no cum down there. I don't think we should, you know..."

They stayed in each other's arms for a long time, Penny burning for release but conflicted about what was happening to her, what her mind told her was right and what her body told her she needed. Still frozen, Beth had apparently gone as far as she was willing to go. After a short moment, the girls got up from the bed. They said nothing. The tension was a thick as it had ever been between these two.

Perhaps, Penny thought, this had gone too far. Her body had been fooled into wanting something impossible. She would calm down later, and would be a perfectly happy straight as an arrow young woman. Right now she wanted Beth, and Beth probably wanted her, but it wasn't going to happen. All for the better.

Still as Penny turned her back to Beth and put on her shirt, she couldn't help but notice how weak her body was with desire for the slim brunette. She was aching for her with a passion she had never known. The mere thought of Beth's lips against her pussy was actually pushing her to orgasm as she stood, untouched, on her feet.

Please take me, Penny thought of Beth. This is the one chance. At the same time, she thought, I'll just get dressed and get out of here and everything will be okay. Unless she touches me...

Penny had buttoned only the top button of her shirt when she felt a finger dip into a gob of cum that had been on the side of her face by her ear. Then the finger touched Penny's pussy, spreading the cum on her wet lips. Penny almost reached orgasm right there, but then two hands grabbed her thighs from behind, followed by a ferociously hungry mouth burrowing into her soaked snatch. Beth couldn't stand it any longer, and Penny submitted instantly as the two girls locked together. Beth pushed her face into Penny's pussy, slipping her tongue inside her with her nose right at Penny's asshole. Penny jumped and melted at the touch, finding herself experiencing an immediate orgasm of unheard-of heights. 

A woman's mouth was on her pussy, sucking her juices and fucking her with that tasty little pink tongue, and she was doing it as if this would save the world from ultimate destruction. Penny spread her legs, then grabbed the door frame to support herself as her body went out of control. She tensed and screamed out as she exploded in orgasm, ejaculating a flood for the first time in her life. Her cum poured over Beth's face and into her hungry mouth. The little brunette slurped and sucked it down eagerly. Penny was so overwhelmed she fell forward, against the wall, then slid to the floor. Beth followed her the whole way, never losing touch of the soaking, tender spot between her legs.

Penny had another orgasm when her hot body felt the cold, hardwood floor. And Beth's persistent pussy lapping didn't hurt, either. She didn't ejaculate this time, but she rocked hard against Beth's face and was in enough pleasure to scream even louder than before. She felt as though she could have powered the city of New York with the hot, fiery energy that swelled through her sweaty, naked body. 

They lay together on the floor for a short while before Beth got up and went to the downstairs bathroom, apparently to clean up. It was another five minutes before Penny found the strength in her legs to stand up. She went into the upstairs bathroom, cleaned herself up, and started getting dressed as fast as possible. Now that it was over, Penny was thoroughly embarrassed. She couldn't deny that it had felt beyond incredible. In fact, that was the trouble. It felt so good, she knew if she saw Beth again, she'd have to do it again. But Penny still felt it was wrong. This was a mistake.

She rushed out of the house before Beth had shown back up. Penny knew she'd never see the girl again. They had gone too far. It would never happen again, and Penny knew that. She had tried women, and it was too frightening. No more.

But that didn't mean she couldn't fantasize about it. In fact, as she drove home at top speed, her nipples hard and her pussy still throbbing, it was all she could think about. 

FOR MORE STORIES featuring Penny, check out 'Watch and Learn', 'The Party Crash Girls', 'Chaperone Makes Three', 'Give Some, Take Cum', and 'Teaching Beth a Lesson'.

FOR MORE STORIES featuring Beth and/or Kevin, check out 'Chaperone Makes Three' and 'Give Some, Take Cum'. 