 It had been about five weeks since I had last seen Penny, and her "freak" friends. I was relieved, and ecstatic to be invited back, and was eager to go. Penny had rung me and given me the good news. My memories of the last party were still fresh, and I was now getting hard at the mere thought of another fuck fest, like last time.

I started to fantasize about what might occur this time. Would Laura and her boyfriend be there? What about Flo and Ronnie? And Susan and her little friend? Would there be a new initiate tonight? I fondly recalled that wonderful initiation with my new friends.

Flo licking my ass to readiness for Ronnie's cock, then her ass and wet cunt in my face, Laura giving me a fantastic fuck, as her boyfriend watched, then took over, and how I sucked her cunt juices from his cock, as she fingered and licked her own juices, Susan and her lesbian masochist, the two gay guys and my efforts at double sucking their cocks, and of course the 30-something couple who sucked and fisted. And . . . Penny and her magic tits and strap-on cock. Not to mention the private fun Penny and I had after everyone left (but that is another story, for another day. Lol - friends don't kiss and tell (or in our case, "everything else")!).

At the end of the previous evening I had been formally introduced to each of the people there. Ronnie and Flo were married, as I suspected, as were Bob and Marie, the 30-something fisting couple. Laura and her boyfriend, Mark had been an item for about 8 months, and Susan and her lesbian friend, Julie were long time, but casual, lovers. The two gay guys Tony, and Jack, were live-in lovers, and had been for about 15 years. The common link to each of these was Penny. She had either worked, or socialized, with each person/couple, and over several years had found she shared a common link with each of them. Sex! Raw, rugged, no-hold barred, uninhibited, free-form sex. They met about once a month, not always to initiate new members, sometimes just for decadence, and all respected and trusted each other fully.

Penny gave me the good news. Tonight I was no longer the new one, I was going to get to have my own fun with the next initiate. Male or female, young or old, I knew I could give them a good time, and receive a good time in return.

But by my own reckoning, there would be an odd number of folks there tonight! Counting my self and Penny there were 12 last time, and if there was a new initiate tonight, that would be a total of 13 people. Then, because Penny played hostess, and guided the new one around, there would only be 11. Did that mean I was "solo" tonight? Would I have to occupy my self, while waiting my turn? Ah well, I could cope.

I was told to arrive early, so that I could get undressed and settle in with everyone, before the new person arrived. I did remember that clothes were strictly banned, and I was happy with this. I have always secretly been an exhibitionist, anyway, so was relaxed to let my cock flop around, lol. I was also looking forward to viewing everyone again, and this time I would be more relaxed, and more attentive to detail. I wanted to know how big Ronnie was, and how hairy Laura was, etc.

Would it be the same as last time. A part of me hoped so, but another part of me hoped something different would happen this time. Don't get me wrong, I wanted to fuck Laura again, and I did hope her boyfriend would let me suck his cock, after he finished her off, so I could taste her cunt juices, but I also wanted her to suck me dry, or I wanted his hot seed in my mouth. No use worrying though, I would go with the flow.

I got to Penny's house at a little after 6pm, and the sun was already sinking. Curse winter, lol. Penny greeted me warmly and kissed me passionately. She was already undressed, and looked great, again. Her tits were wonderful, and her nipples were the size of small thumbs - perfect for sucking. Her cunt was shaved this time, mmmm, nice. Penny showed me into the bedroom, and I wasted no time undressing.

We walked down the hall together, and I felt her tits rub on my arm. My already aroused cock sprang up attentively. The music played quietly, and nearly everyone was there, except Flo and Ronnie. Everyone greeted me enthusiastically, and in no time I was sitting with Bob and Marie, and we were all laughing. Damn, Marie was hairy, and her tits were nearly as inviting as Penny's. Bob had already gotten semi hard, and was sitting quietly stroking his cock, as everyone looked on.

Penny was vague about the new person, despite everyone pestering her, only saying we would have to wait till about 7.30 to find out more. She told everyone to find something/someone to occupy themselves with for about an hour, and winked at me.

Bob looked at me, then Marie. He whispered something in her ear, and she laughed, and smiled at me. He leaned over and kissed my left nipple gently. I looked at Marie and smiled back to her, then lowered my head to Bob's nipple and reciprocated the favor. I could feel him push his tit towards my waiting mouth, and I took his nipple and sucked hard. Marie bent over and took his other nipple and together we sucked at his tits. As we sucked, his cock grew to full erection, and small drops of pre-cum started to drip.

I looked at Marie, as if suggesting she lick his pre cum up, but she laughed and indicated with my eyes that I should have the pleasure. I lowered my head, and took his cock head gently into my mouth. Mmmm. The taste of his pre cum caused my own erection to increase. I felt Marie's hand stroke my cock as I sucked slowly on the massive cock in my mouth.

"Hey everyone," someone called out. "Party's started." And then a few laughs.

Bob started to fuck my mouth as I sucked harder on his cock. Marie also started jerking my cock harder, keeping rhythm with her husband. In what must have only been seconds I felt his cock explode into my mouth. His hot, salty seed hitting the back of my throat, as I greedily sucked harder. As his cock shrunk I kept my sucking up, milking every last drop of his cock seed into my throat. Marie smiled at me, then lent across and kissed me, as I still sucked his cock. I opened my mouth to receive her tongue and she darted straight into my mouth, beside Bob's cock, trying to gather some of her husband's fuck juices from his cock head. We all laughed.

What a nice way to start the evening. I sat back up and licked my lips like the slut I knew I was. No sooner was I upright when Bob lowered his wet mouth onto my own stiff rod. His tongue flicked repeatedly over my my piss hole as he licked and sucked my cock. I knew that this first suck of the night wouldn't last long, and nearly as quickly as he had, I shot my own load into his willing mouth. He was as greedy as I had been, sucking and slurping at my piss hole to gather the remaining drops of cum, wasting none.

As I sat back up I looked around the room. Mark and Laura were touching each other. She was sitting back with her legs wide open, and he had at least two fingers ploughing in and out of her hairy cunt. She was in a state of total contentment, relaxed enough to just stroke his erect cock. Susan and Julie were kissing each other, and Susan's hands were stroking Julie's swollen nipples. The two boys, Jack and Tony were sitting back watching the various action, happily jerking their own cocks.

I had been here less than 30 minutes, and had sucked, and been sucked, to orgasm. The night hadn't even begun, but I knew I wanted some cunt on my mouth, now.

I looked over at Susan and Julie, and moved closer to them. Julie was returning Susan's kisses and her legs were open wide. I lowered my head and smelled her sweet aroma, then tongued her outer cunt lips gently. I felt her pull slightly, then settle back down, and she opened her legs wider. I didn't delay, but promptly stuck my tongue deep into her wet hole. I felt her push her cunt up to meet my tongue, and I excitedly lapped her wet juices deep into my mouth. The more I licked her, the harder she pushed her cunt into my mouth. I was deeply into this pleasure, when I felt my hair being pulled sharply, and I was now being yanked up, and away from my prize.

Susan looked directly into my face, then lowered her mouth to mine. She kissed me deeply, and I felt her tongue push into my mouth. I returned the kiss. As Susan seemed to eat my face, I felt some attention at my ass. A hand was stroking my ass, and I hoped that more was to come.

Susan let go of me and I looked around to find the owner of the hand. Laura! She smiled up at me, and pushed again at my ass hole. I felt a finger go in, and she started to slowly fuck my ass with her finger. She then withdrew the finger and sucked it. Wow! After sucking her finger in a very slow, sexy manner, she put it back at my ass, and pushed it in again. She resumed finger fucking my eager ass. Then I felt some pushing and knew she now had two fingers up my ass, and still she kept fingering me. I wasn't sure whether to push back, and meet her fingers, or just let her control the motion. Before I had made my decision, she pushed a third finger up my ass, and was really giving my ass a fucking. As she was doing this Mark never stopped fingering her wet cunt hole. I looked, and while he had three fingers up her hole, she had three of fingers up me. Then he put a fourth finger into her cunt, and . . . she put a fourth into my ass. I wasn't really worried, I knew she had small hands, but I wasn't sure if my ass could take a full hand - although, I would not have refused her, if she wanted to try it.

Instead, she withdrew her fingers, lent forward, and kissed my hot ass, and then looked up at me, and winked.

I fell back and relaxed completely. 

Then Penny attracted everyone's attention, and we all looked towards the door eager to catch a glimpse of the new inductee. The room was silent, in anticipation, and Penny kept the suspense going by standing just outside the door, talking to . . . someone, lol. Damn, you could definitely feel the tension in the room. Everyone was sitting up attentively, no stray hands, or mouths. Waiting, and watching. Ronnie and Flo hadn’t arrived, but no one seemed to notice, or care. I quietly mentioned this to Laura, who told me that not everyone made it to each session.

Finally, Penny walked into the room, and introduced us the new inductee. Jon. A guy. Nice looking, probably middle 40's, brown hair, moustache and goatee, six feet, no excess weight, a nice thick cock, which appeared to be a little over 7 inches, circumcised and shaved.

"Hey everyone," Penny called. "This is Jon. Say hi to him, and make him welcome please."

Choruses of "Hi Jon", "Hello" and the like, came from around the room.

"And," Continued Penny, "his sister, Stephanie."

Fuck, she was gorgeous. Nearly as tall as he was, somewhere between 30 and 40, dark, shoulder length, curly hair, slightly overweight (but she carried it well), with nice, big tits, featuring huge, dark aureoles, and large, dark, hard nipples. Her cunt was nice to look at and she stood defiantly with her legs open. She was fully shaved, and had long inner labia, protruding passed her outer lips.

A brother and a sister? For real?

Penny stood watching everyone for a few minutes then told everyone to sit around in a circle. When everyone was seated, and comfortable, she led Jon and Stephanie into the circle, then left them there, as she went to sit next to me in the circle. What happened next was awesome.

Stephanie knelt in front of her brother Jon and took his cock into her mouth. She started sucking his stiff cock, and he stood there, eyes closed, smiling. She sucked his cock deep into her mouth, deep-throating his long thick cock, and he stood rock still, enjoying it all. Jon started trembling slightly, and we all knew he was ready to shoot his seed. Stephanie knew too. She started jerking his cock harder and harder, and he shot his load onto her tits. After the first two or three loads, Stephanie returned his still dripping cock to her mouth, and sucked in his remaining cum. The cum on her tits was running over her hard nipples. She kept sucking his cock as he unloaded the last of his cum into her willing mouth, then he took his cock out, and rubbed it on her lips and chin.

As she continued kneeling, Jon knelt to face her, and lowered his head. He started to lick his own cum from his sister's tits. As he licked and sucked his cum, and swallowed, he nibbled and bit her nipples. She pushed her tits to his mouth, and he sucked and bit more. When there was no more cum left, he raised his head, and kissed her full on the lips. As they continued kissing, he let his hands roam over her body, down below her navel, to her wet slit. She opened her legs wider, and he inserted two fingers into her hole. He started finger fucking her enthusiastic cunt, and she responded by thrusting her pelvis to meet his hand.

I couldn't believe I was watching this incestuous act, and I was rock hard. I wanted them both, lol.

Stephanie broke away from Jon, and lay on her back, with her legs wide open. His cock had sprung back to life, and he lowered his throbbing cock to her wet, and ready, cunt. There was no need for him to worry. Her cunt was so wet he slipped right in to the hilt. All 7 plus inches of his thick cock now stabbed into his sister's eager slit. He pounded into her, mercilessly, and she screamed for more. The harder he fucked her, the harder she pushed her own body to meet his. They fucked for at least twenty minutes as we all sat enthralled. Did anyone even breath, lol?

Then she eased him off her, stretched up, and took his cunt-covered cock, and started sucking it again. I hadn't spontaneously self-ejaculated in years, but I did right then (welcome back to those old wet-dreams, lol). My cock spasmed involuntarily, and I shot a load of cum into the air. Fuck!

I looked around and everyone was silent, and equally excited. What more would they do?

Stephanie kept sucking his rock hard cock, licking the shaft fully from his knob, to his balls, making sure she got her cunt juices cleaned off fully. He started to tremble again, and we all thought she would pull his cock out, and let him cum on her tits again, but no! She took his cock deeper into her mouth, and he shot his full load into her mouth. He mouth fucked his sister to orgasm.

They both collapsed back, exhausted. We all applauded, and jumped up to congratulate them, and greet them properly. Kisses and hugs were handed out freely.

I sat back in total amazement at what I had just seen. Sibling sex!

As the night grew long, we all sat around talking, and Stephanie admitted that that was actually the first time she had ever had sex with her brother. She told us that they both knew Penny from work, and over several months conversation had drifted to sex (of course, lol), and both she and Jon wanted in. They had approached Penny several times about being allowed to visit, and had finally told Penny that if invited, they would put on a “show” for everyone. Stephanie further admitted that if he had known Jon was that well hung, and so hot to fuck, she would have fucked him years ago. They briefly told us about there pasts.

Both were recently divorced, and both had always had a strong sexual drive. Each admitted to being bisexual, and willing to do anything, if sex was achievable. At that Jon, kissed me, and started to stroke my cock, and Stephanie licked Marie’s huge tit.

They were going to be very welcome in our little club.