 I had recently arrived from England and those of you who have read my previous escapades since being here will know that I was having a crash course in the American Way Of Sex! I had met Randy when I was abducted to his sister's house and again when he called at my apartment. Now he has invited me to a party on Saturday.

Saturday came around and I had done some shopping in the afternoon. I had found a pretty party dress and was pleased with myself. Before Randy was due to collect me I had a shower and spent some time making myself look beautiful. I secretly hoped that when Randy brought me home later that evening that we would probably finish up in bed together so I chose my underwear carefully.

It was hot and panties and bra would be all that was required. However, I had this "thing" about nylons and would wear them at the slightest excuse, so I had bought a pair of grip top stockings that afternoon. I put my party dress on and was combing and brushing my hair when Randy knocked on the door. We kissed and he complimented me on how I looked, which was nice! 

The party was at quite a large house, which stood in its own grounds. We went in and there was quite a crowd of girls and a few hunky looking boys. All the girls and most of the boys had heard of this little English girl and were curious to meet me. I just knew that I was going to be the centre of attraction because I was so different to them. Both in the way that I spoke and also my choice of clothes was, to the girls, a bit "old fashioned." 

It was the girls who first commandeered me. They were all dressed in skirts and sweaters and one or two of them had jeans on. They were all of them a bit "touchy feely" and were tending to caress me in a rather sexual way. Now I didn't for a minute believe that they were lesbians. After all, I had attended an-all girl Convent school back in Ireland and as young teenagers we would form friendships which more often than not would be of a secret sexual nature.

I remember the girl that I had a crush on and she and I would often kiss when we knew that we were on our own. We would "feel" each other and thought that was wonderful. But that didn't stop me from being "boy crazy!" 

One of the girls was introduced to me as "Georgie Girl," and I did wonder about her! She was attractive but had that unmistakable dominating air about her. 

The girls were very friendly and we were getting on fine but they seemed a little concerned about me. "You don't look any older than sixteen," said one of the girls. "I suppose you know what happens at one of our parties," said another.

One of the girls offered to run me home and I was very puzzled as to why they thought I may not be suitable to be at their party. Georgie piped up, "hey! Give her to me then," and I knew that my suspicions about her were correct. They laughed and I blushed! 

Then one of them said, "hey! Randy brought her to the party for Chrise sake."

"You are all talking in riddles," I said, "please explain yourselves."

"Honey," one of them said, this party is not for innocent young virgins but someone has pointed out that Randy brought you so I guess that you are not a virgin and probably not as innocent as you look!" They all laughed at this and I blushed again.

"How old are you," said one of them. "Well" I said, "I had my 18th birthday this week." The girls laughed and one of them kissed me full on the lips. "We ought to give you 18 bumps," she said. And with that they seized me and carried me upstairs to one of the bedrooms.

I was thrown on to the bed and my arms and legs were seized. Up in the air I went and landed on the bed. This was repeated for every year of my young life. The commotion this caused brought some of the boys along to see what it was all about. As I was thrown in the air my rather short party dress was allowing any boy or girl who was in the right place to see right up to my panties.

"Us girls ought to give you a little initiation ceremony," said one of the girls. I was enjoying myself by then and just knew that these girls were intrigued by the fact that they thought that they had lots of things to teach me. I was becoming sexually aroused as much by the way that the girls were handling me as anything and I just felt like "laying back and let it all happen."

I was made to stand beside the bed and one of the girls unzipped me from behind. "What are you doing," I said but it was too late and I was told to step out of my dress, which had fallen around my ankles. All I had on was a simple pair of white cotton panties and bra and my nylons. My knickers, (I couldn't get used to calling them panties), completely covered the roundness of my bottom and weren't the least bit skimpy or "modern." 

I looked round and I guess there were about five girls and three boys in the room. Much to my relief the boys were hustled out and the girls set upon me. 

One of the girls sat astride me and put her hands around my back to unfasten my bra and I could feel my knickers sliding off. What were they going to do? My breasts were being caressed and kissed and the girl sitting astride me was "French kissing" me. I heard a buzzing sound and became a little concerned.

"What are you doing down there," I asked, because I couldn't see behind me. "Just lay back and enjoy," said one of the girls and I hadn't got much option other than to do just that. They parted my legs and I was completely at their mercy and becoming very wet with excitement. 

I felt something sliding up my thigh and vibrating against my skin. Suddenly I realised what they were going to do. I had never even seen a vibrator but had read about them and seen pictures of them. Now I was about to find out what they did to me! The girl who was in charge of the vibrator was the infamous lesbian, Georgie Girl and she new just where to put it.

The girl astride me was putting her tongue in my mouth and I was responding. All the time my clitoris was being vibrated and I have never had a sensation like it. Girls, being girls, knew just what to do to bring me off and it wasn't long before I was reaching a climax. Just as I was "going over the top" Georgie inserted the vibrator deep into my vagina and I felt as if I was shuddering against it. 

The girls could see just how aroused they had made me and when they could see that I wasn't upset they laughed and I was kissed by some of them. "There, now you are initiated into our sex-party," they said! Its true that I wasn't upset and I admitted that I had loved being "raped" by them! 

I was allowed to get up and one of the girls held my panties whilst I stepped into them. She pulled them up for me and stepped back to admire them. We haven't worn those since we were at school she said but I can see that they sure are sexy.

Just as we were leaving the bedroom a girl came rushing past screaming in what I hoped was mock terror. She was down to her undies and being pursued by five guys guys. "Oh, that's Jane," said one of my new friends. "She likes it when they rough her up a bit!"

I began to wonder where Randy, who had brought me to the party, had got to. "I shouldn't worry about Randy, I expect he is busy," said another girl. "Well, I am supposed to be with him," I said. "You don't really want to know what he is up to," said the same girl. "Yes, I would like to find him," I said. "You've asked for it," she said and we went in search of him. "I expect he is downstairs somewhere."

"No beds down there," said the same girl. I didn't understand the significance of that remark and went down to find him.

Most of the boys were down there and they probably knew what I had just been through. They were "all over me" and being quite charming. "Hello Honey, I'm Pete and this here is Mark."

"How do you do," I said in what was probably my "upper class" English accent! "I am trying to find Randy, do you know where he is?"

Pete and Mark decided to help me find him and we all went upstairs again where they thought he was. We opened a bedroom door and I had to blush when I saw that one girl was performing oral sex on a boy and another boy had his head between her legs. All of them were naked. 

We opened the door of another room and the girl called Jane, who had rushed past us, had been cornered in the bedroom. The five guys had set upon her and were systematically stripping her. As we watched she was struggling violently but no match for five healthy guys. Her panties and bra came off and they just threw her on the bed and she was held with one boy on each arm and leg as the fifth guy dropped his pants and held her still while he mounted her.

They were clearly going to take turns in having some fun with her and I was horrified to think that I was witnessing a gang rape. Then Jane spotted us in the doorway. Hey, you guys either come in and wait your turn or clear off! So this was what was meant when one of the girls had said, "Oh, that's Jane," she likes to be roughed up a bit. I was still having trouble understanding these Americans!

For some reason Pete and Mark held my arms and we went to the next bedroom. "Oughtn't we to knock," I said! "Won't make any difference if we do," said Mark. So I opened the door and this time Randy was in there. He was with another guy and they were undressing a lovely looking girl with ravishing red hair. "Hello Honey," said Randy, "I hope you are enjoying yourself."

"Looks as if you are," I said indignantly and as I did so off came the Redhead's panties. 

Once again I blushed and quickly closed the door. One of the girls who had advised me not to go looking for my boyfriend saw me and said, "sorry Honey."

"That's OK," I said, "Two can play at that game." Mark and Pete pricked up their ears at this. 

Lets go in here said Mark, pointing to another bedroom. Mark opened yet another bedroom door and this time it was empty. They held my arms as if I was about to protest but the whole sex ridden atmosphere was getting to me and I just stood there as first they kissed me on my lips and then my breasts and fumbled with my zipper. I felt my little party dress fall to the floor and the boys could get an eyeful! 

Pete caught his breath and Mark dropped to his knees. Whilst Pete undid my bra Mark pulled my knickers down and promptly kissed my smooth pubic mound. I prided myself that I knew how to dress and be sexy and one rule that I had learned was that it's always best not to be completely naked. 

I stood there in my sexy nylons and a choker necklace and bracelet. I also had an ankle bracelet. I had seen it only that afternoon and thought, how sexy it would be. A sort of slaves identity bracelet perhaps? (I had often fantasised over being a white slave girl!).

I was told to lie on the bed and both Mark and Pete undressed in front of me. They were both well built and I was hot for them. A bed was thumping against the wall in the next room and the boys were intrigued. "Lets go look," said Pete and despite the state of undress that I was in I was determined to have a look see. 

The three of us opened the door which adjoined the one where the banging was coming from and Jane, who was the girl looking after the needs of five boys was being fucked. They were no longer holding her down and she was masturbating a boy on each side of her. 

One of my new "boy friends" was caressing my pussy and began to enter me with his fingers just enough to rub my clitoris. While we watch the scene in front of us I held both their erections and was firmly masturbating them.

We let Jane and her friends get on with it and it was time for bed! I lay on the bed while Pete slid his proud manhood into me. I had only been in California for a couple of weeks but already I knew enough to make sure I was on the pill! 

He was good and like Randy, had a steady reliable thrust in and out of me. Little me, here I was I was at a sex party and thoroughly enjoying myself! I shuddered as I gave way to my orgasm and Pete could feel my vagina contracting and twitching against his manhood. 

He pulled out and shot all over my stomach and breasts. He got a towel from the bathroom and cleaned me and I kissed him passionately and gratefully. 

It was Mark's turn and he was a real "hunk." We did it all ways and I was completely abandoned by now and loved it! The girls who had not yet been partnered, got wind of the fact that the little English girl was enthusiastically joining in the fun and about five of them came into the bedroom as Mark was driving into me. 

I didn't care who was watching and truth tell I was really turned on by having an audience. Mark lay on his back and wanted me to sit on his erection. "Just a minute," said one of the girls and whispered to her friend, who left the room.

"Stand up Honey," said the girl, so I stood up and could see that Mark was "keeping his engine running," by playing with himself. She had some baby oil and I knew what for but didn't object. She ran a little on to her hand and whilst I stood there she ran her hand down my bottom and right into my crack and made the whole area wet with oil.

"You will love this," said the girl who was in charge. I was told to lower myself on to him and Mark positioned his erection and I gasped as it entered my anus. He put his hands under my bottom and lifted me up and down. My legs were wide apart and my vagina was invitingly open and accessible. 

One of the girls began to masturbate me as Mark fucked me in my bottom and then the girl who had left the room returned. She had the vibrator in her hand and this was soon put to good use.

I panted with sexual excitement as my clitoris was expertly attacked by the girl with the vibrator. There were several boys and girls standing around the bed as I began to have an orgasm. I could feel Mark's tremendous erection pumping his seed right into me and I just collapsed in a shuddering heap whilst Mark held me. 

One of the girls clapped and the other's joined in! Now I was a bit embarrassed! Our audience left and Mark was a real sweetie. He held my knickers for me to step in and then fastened my bra. We tiptoed over to the connecting door to see how Jane was getting on! More boys had arrived and Jane was in for a busy time yet!

My dress was missing and I went downstairs to see where it was. I am proud of my figure and walking about in my underwear when all those boys were present may have been a dangerous thing to do but the exhibitionist in me made me want to do it.

Georgie found my dress for me and helped me put it on. Randy was nowhere to be found and was probably still in bed so when Georgie said that she would run me home I accepted her offer. 

She lectured me on the way home about how boys were no good and "us girls know how to treat each other." I was still feeling sexually aroused after such an evening and I daringly asked Georgie Girl in for a coffee. She accepted like a shot and we sat and talked as we drank our coffee.

Georgie predictably made a move on me and actually asked if we could sleep together. I told her that she was very sweet but "not for me." She sighed and said that after she had seen me holding my own against those boys, she was not surprised. 

We kissed affectionately and she left. I remembered how I had dressed to please Randy and had hoped that we might have sex when he took me home. I smiled to myself. How naïve can one be?