 There are most certainly hundreds of Peggy Sanfords around, but none like this one from Tennessee. For her, sex is like the breath of life. For her, a throbbing cock pumping her mouth full of sweet salty cum is more satisfying than a steak dinner.

Peggy often chuckled to herself that so many people she passed on the street had no idea what a truly sexual animal she was. On the surface, she looked like any average housewife in the grocery store or at the mall. She could look as classy as the country club wife while being so slutty in that designer skirt with no panties underneath and her pussy juice dripping down her thighs. The fact was that her mind was never off of sex and her body was constantly craving it. Even her husband didn't really know her. She was always checking out the guys on the street, especially the black guys, trying to guess the size of their cock and if she could seduce them into an afternoon of super fucking. Her mood was primarily because of her PGAD, a medical condition that had her turned on nearly 24/7, and despite the fact that she sneaked off for sex all the time, she always wanted more.

There were many people that wouldn't appreciate a woman like Peggy. They would have negative thoughts and judgment against her. However there were others, like me, who consider her goddesses. I love to hear her recount her adventures with men, especially the gang bang and orgies that she has hosted. She truly loves gang bangs and taking on a half dozen or more men in an afternoon or evening. The more the merrier, and she'd been doing this since college. Ever since her first gang bang, she knew she had found her special pleasure, which was having a cock in every hole, over and over again. As soon as one pulled out, she was craving another to enter.

So this brings me to her special little adventure the other week. Unfortunately, I wasn't lucky enough to be part of it, but it was something extra special for her because it involved some really famous people. 

One day, she got a message on her website profile page from someone who went by the screen name of "Bouncing Balls". He told her his name was really Billy "Crazy Bounce" Jones, a guard on the famous Afro Worldtrotters basketball team. Peggy isn't really a basketball fan, but she had heard of them. They weren't a regular city or college team, but a professional "entertainment" team who essentially played exhibition "games" that were really a comedy show to showcase all sorts of antics, trick shots and skills. Billy's specialty was as a fantastic "ball bouncer" who could evade and humiliate an opposing player with fantastic dribbling skills that delighted the crowd. 

Billy told Peggy that he had monitored her profile for months, but hadn't yet asked to friend her. He was very much turned on by her love of having sex with groups of black men and had loved some of the pictures on her page that showed her, legs wide, feet high with some black man's huge cock buried balls deep into her hungry cunt hole. Others showed her devouring black cock down her throat and sucking up pints and quarts of cum. He and the rest of the team loved all of these pictures and vowed that they would love to have some of them on her profile if they could. As luck would have it, they would be playing a charity benefit "game" in her town in about three weeks. Billy messaged her and asked if would like to come to their hotel to meet them, and have a little party together.

"The WHOLE team?" she wrote back with a glimmer of expectation in her eyes. "How many of you are there?"

Billy laughed. He knew her question wasn't because she was apprehensive about taking on the "while team", but because she was excited at the prospect. 

He responded, "There are 14 of us total, but at least half the guys are good husbands and don't want to get involved with such a thing. That leaves about 7 of us that want to meet you. If you're really interested, it might be easier to talk on the phone rather than write back and forth. Give me a call so we can talk."

Billy gave her his cell phone number. Peggy immediately grabbed her phone and called. Billy was happy that she did. It gave them a chance to really get to know each other a little better. He told her the day they would arrive in town, a day before the "game" to check out the facilities and talk with the promoter. However, they would have the evening before to host a little gathering at the hotel. He said he would call her the day they got check in and give her the room number.

Peggy's heart was racing at the thought of the team party but had to lay it on the line to Billy. "Listen, I've been a lucky lady for years. In spite of all the playing I've done, I've been careful and only deal with guys I know are disease free. I don't like using condoms because I love all the cum in me and on me so I'll need to see some solid evidence from a reputable hospital or clinic that all you guys have been tested. I don't want a bullshit note from some phony Dr. Feelgood saying that you guys don't have STD.s I want to see real reputable lab reports. I know that may not sound sexy, but those are my rules."

"No problem Sweetie," Billy answered. "We'll be on it. We don't want anything coming our way either so I hope you don't mind if I ask you to do the same thing for us."

Peggy laughed out loud. She had to respect his wishes just as he did hers. They bid each other goodbye and said they should keep in touch as the day approached.

One afternoon, Peggy got a phone call from Billy. "Hey, we're going to arrive in town after lunch sometime the day after tomorrow. We all hope you can come on up that evening to meet us. We all have official paperwork with us that we are safe, sane, and have no nasty microbes to worry about. Do you think you can make it?"

Peggy was chomping at the bit, but didn't want to sound TOO eager. "Just give me a call and I'll make sure my evening is free." 

They ended the call and Peggy did a little happy dance at her chance to share herself with at least 6 or 7 hot athletic black men. She had gone online to check out the Worldtrotters and they had the roster of the team members. There were pictures and stats on their height, weight, etc. She wished they also had stats on the size of their cocks and talent of their tongues, but she'd just have to wait on that. She was trying to guess which guys she'd get to be with.

Two days later Billy called to say that the guys had all checked in and that she should meet in his room, number 502, at 8 PM. He wanted to know what she liked to drink. Petty said it didn't really matter but since it was a party, maybe they should have some champagne. 

When evening came, she decided to wear a relatively conservative skirt and top, but no panties or bra. She didn't want to look too slutty walking through the lobby, This was one of the better hotels in town and they might actually stop a woman that looked like a professional. However, she loved the delicious feeling of knowing that her sweet damp pussy was so vulnerable to anyone in the lobby or standing next to her on the elevator. When it came to sex, she was certainly no "pro". She knew that she was really better than a pro. Those "professional" women did the bare minimum for whatever money they could get from a client. Peggy fucked and sucked for the pure erotic love of it. Her love of any and all sexual activity showed in her talent. Every guy she was ever with was dumbstruck at her sexual energy.

The elevator stopped at the fifth floor, and she walked down the hall to stop at 502. She knocked and the door swung open. There was Billy. It was the first time she had seen him for real even though she had talked with him and seen his picture. At 6 ft 6, he seemed taller than she had anticipated but she was immediately turned on by his smile and the body that she could sense under the tee shirt and jeans.

"Oh God, Sweet Peggy in the flesh," he said giving her a hug and ushering her into the room. "I am so glad to actually meet you after reading every work of your profile page and drooling over your pictures. Let me introduce you to the guys."

Peggy looked over to the sofa and chairs of the suite as 6 other guys, equally tall and smiled broadly at her.

"Guys, this is Peggy the lady I've been following on Fetlife who adores fucking and sucking black guys. That's good because we all qualify."

Everybody laughed including Peggy.

"Peggy, this is Sid "the finger" Harris. His name comes from the fact that he can spin and balance the ball on one finger as he does all sorts of fun and games on the court.

The dude with the blue shirt is Jason "dunk'it" Jennings. I'm sure you think that name comes from dunking layup shots and most people think that, but it really comes from the fact that he loves to dunk his big dick into the pussies of white women."

Again everybody laughed.

"That silly looking brother there is Sam "the tongue" Foster. He has a bit mouth and is constantly wagging his tongue and saying shit at the referees and other team, but he's really good with his tongue for other things.

More laughter.

The next three guys were just introduced as Lawrence, Floyd, and Jimmy.

Peggy shook gave each a hug as she was introduced. She was already turned on at how fit their bodies felt, even through clothes.

"OK," Billy said. "Now that that little formality is over with, let's have a little drink and get better acquainted."

He popped open a bottle of champagne and poured a glass for himself and Peggy. The other guys were drinking tequila and bourbon or vodka. Peggy quaffed her glass in one gulp and held it out for more.

Billy chuckled, "Good girl. I can see you're already planning for a nice little party. Before we really get started, I know you'll want to see these as promised."

He handed a folder to Peggy that had 7 lab reports from the Cleveland Medical Center showing that all the guys tested negative for all STD's. Peggy didn't make a big deal out of it but she was happy that they had enough respect for her to do this even though that respect may be on the back burner later as they spanked her and fucked her in every hole like a whore. That thought didn't upset her at all. Her tummy did a little flip and she felt her cunt get a little wetter at the thought. She hoped cunny juice wasn't running down her leg, but at the same time, she was secretly hoping that the guys around her could smell her arousal.

Billy sat on one of the big stuffed chairs flanking a coffee table. To his right, were three of the other guys sitting on a sofa facing across the glass coffee table to a gas log fireplace sending off a sexy glow. The other guys stood behind the sofa or sat on the floor drinking tequila shots or sipping scotch.

Billy patted his lap and said to Peggy, "Bring that pretty ass over here and keep Billy company."

She did as he wished and as she sat down, she made sure that her skirt hiked up high. Billy put his hand on her thigh and kissed her as he ran his hand up under her skirt.

"Holy shit," he said laughing, 'I do believe this lady has on no panties."

He hiked her skirt up and spread her legs to see Peggy's beautiful sweet pussy open for all to see. The guys all stared as she hoped they would as she opened her thighs a little more.

Billy exclaimed, "Now THAT's my kind of woman" as he ran his fingers in her crotch and slipped on into her wet hole. He pulled out, sniffed it and put it into his mouth.

"Oh my guys. This is one delicious cunt right here. You'll all get your turn but right now, I'm the one serving dinner."

Billy unbuttoned Peggy's top to see that there was no bra, just two lovely breasts with erect nipples which he tweaked with his fingers, licked, then sucked. Peggy threw back her head and moaned and laughed at the same time. This is what she came here for. To be admired, teased, and fucked by over a half dozen well conditioned black athletes with huge steel hard dicks.

Billy looked her in the eye and said, "Now lovely lady, how about you take those silly clothes off and give us all a good view or that fantastic body,"

Peggy stood up, rolled the blouse over her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. She looked at Billy, obviously it was his party, and then into the eyes of the others. Their eyes weren't on hers, but on her tits. She smiled to herself about that and then unbuttoned her skirt and let it also drop to the floor. She watched the faces of each of the men as their eyes focused on her bushy pussy. They were probably used to all those shaved baldies now days and wondered if they truly appreciated a natural bush.

Billy gave a little whistle and said, "Damn girl, you are even more fucking beautiful than your pictures. Lord ever since I saw that sweet muff of yours and those big black cocks buried all the way up in that sweet cunt of yours, all I could think of is that I wanted a taste and the joy of burying my dick in you too. Come over here and get on your knees for Billy. How about getting me naked and showing me what you like to do with black meat."

Peggy turned her back to the other guys but made sure to bend over a little and give them a good shot of her ass and her pussy peaking out between her legs before she dropped to her knees in front of Billy. He smiled in a way that told her that he was about to use her like a bitch in heat, 

She leaned up a little to unbutton Billy's shirt and open it. Ummm. Nice firm belly and chest. It was indeed the chest of an athlete. She helped him off with the shirt as he leaned forward. He grabbed her head and kissed her in the process. It was hard and deep and passionate and said to her, "I'm your man, Honey. Don't you forget it."

He leaned back in the chair as pulled off his shoes and socks. Then she undid his belt and unhooked his pants. He lifted his ass off the chair as she pulled off his pants, dragging his shorts with them. And then, it was nothing but Billy, naked with his huge black scrotum and black cock nearly at full hardness. It wasn't the biggest cock she'd ever seen, but it was more than ample. Thick, black, and throbbing.

Billy spoke. "You like that sweet Peggy? You like what you see? How about licking my balls and get a taste, but don't you go sucking anything till I tell you to. I want a good tongue bath on my balls first, and don't forget to lift them and do the t'aint, I do love feeling a white girls tongue under my balls,"

Peggy didn't have to be told twice. Her face was in his junk in a second. He smelled so fucking musky.....so fucking male. She loved it. Her tongue worked around and under his heavy balls. His cock twitched and she yearned to have it in her mouth but she would play his little waiting game. While she was licking his junk, she made sure to get up on her knees so her ass and pussy were on full display to the guys in the room.

Billy spoke up again. "Why don't one of you guys come over here and show Miss Peggy how we like our ladies to understand what we need."

Sid "The Finger" came up behind her and before she knew anything, SMACK! SMACK! Two hard open handed spanks on her exposed ass cheeks. He meant it too. No little love tap. Peggy looked up at Billy.

"We invited you here because we know you like being fucked stupid by a bunch of black men, but we want you to tell us you know that. We don't want to think you have the wrong idea. You want all this cock don't you? You want it in your cunt and ass and mouth don't you? "

Before she could even answer, SMACK! SMACK! On her ass again.

"Yes..." she hissed. ."Yhat's why I'm here to get fucked in every hole by all of you."

"AND, " continued Billy, "to swallow every drop of cum we pump out of our dicks into your mouth."

Again before she could answer, SMACK! SMACK! "Yes!" She said wincing. "I'll swallow every drop you feed me. I'll be your own personal slut."

"Oh yeah," said Billy as the other guys chuckled. "Our own personal lily white girl slut. That's what we want Sweetie, and if you don't make us happy, you know what will happen?

Again.....SMACK! SMACK! On her ass that was now stinging like crazy. Just then she also felt Sid's finger, then fingers up in her snatch.

"OH MAN," Sid exclaimed. "Her cooze is drenched. She really wants it,"

Billy pushed Peggy's face up off his cock. 

"Come up here," he told her. "Let me get a taste of that drenched cooze."

Peggy climbed up onto the chair and squatted over Billy's face. His tongue went to work immediately licking her from her asshole to her clit and back again. He used his thumbs to spread her swollen drenched pussy lips open and buried his tongue into her gaping hole. He worked his tongue into her and then out to lick her up and down again and gently suck her clit. Peggy moaned with pleasure as she used one hand to pull his face into her even more.

She felt like she was on the verge of cumming but Billy pulled away. He wasn't about to let her have her way too soon. She had to earn her pleasure.

"Squat on that thing," he said holding his hard cock. "Turn around and squat on that and ride it like a little horny cowgirl."

Peggy turned and put her feet on the floor as she sat back onto his cock. It slid into her like hot butter. She began squirming and riding, her head thrown back in glory. Billy pushed her forward, "Hey, one of you guys come up her and feed her some cock," he said.

Sid was the first to step up and offer his hard black meat to Peggy. She didn't have to be told to open her mouth. She was ready to taste that dark sausage. Sid was gentle. He put his cock in her mouth and let her work her mouth on it. She'd break away and lick his balls and lap at his pee hole and then engulf it again.

It wasn't long before Jason was saying, "Ok, enough you greedy bastard. My turn,"

Jason stuck his cock into Peggy's mouth the second Sid's was out of it. He pumped it into her fucking her face, but being careful not to choke her.

It wasn't long before Jason was edging him aside. "Give me some of that cocksucking mouth, Baby," He held his cock up and told Peggy to lick from his balls up and down the dark almost shiny shaft. Then he stuck it in her mouth almost brutally. Grabbed her head and fucked her mouth hard. Luckily, Peggy had been face and throat fucked like this before and wasn't at all put off by it. She took it deep and didn't complain.

"Use me you animal," she thought to herself, "Use me like the fucking slut I love to be." 

The whole time she kept fucking herself on Billy's cock.

One by one, the others stepped up and got their turn in Peggy's talented mouth and finally Billy told her to get off. She really didn't want to, but she wondered what was next.

She was forced onto the floor on her hands and knees. It wasn't long before Jimmy crawled up on his knees and stuck his hard black man took in to her mouth at almost the instant that Floyd came up behind her and stuck his dick into her sopping cunt. The two got into the right rhythm, both penetrating and pulling out at the same rate. Peggy braced herself and took the penetration from both ends. She closed her eyes as the boys played musical fuck with her two holes. She didn't know who was in her mouth and who was in her cunt, she just let her mind flow to enjoy the pleasure. 

Without warning, Billy brought a vibrator to her clit. Within seconds, Peggy felt a wave of orgasmic pleasure crash through her body and she screamed out as her cunt pulsed on whoever's cock was buried in her snatch. 

"HOLY JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!" she screamed as Billy held her head close to his face and whispered into her ear. "That's it Baby, let it cum. Let it cum hard,''

Whoever was fucking her pulled out before he came himself. He knew the plan. Wait for the bukkake.

Within seconds, another cock was pushed into her sopping cunt and then pulled out and into her ass. Peggy moaned out loudly with the sudden invasion of her backdoor. Whoever it was in her, wrapped his arms around her waist and rolled her over on to the guy fucking her ass. Her legs automatically flopped wide open, exposing her vulnerable crotch to Laurence who was looking into her eyes. Before she knew what was happening, he straddled her and pushed his thick black meat into her cunt. Peggy moaned out loudly at the feeling of being completely filled and stretched. She didn't moan long before Jimmy pushed his cock into her mouth. Peggy could only imagine the vision of her fucked with three cocks at the same time. What the hell would her husband think if he saw this scene. 
