 Penny worked at a Japanese restaurant when she was 21 years old. It was a family place, and almost everyone who worked there was related, except for a few young, pretty girls who were hired as servers. She got the job because she briefly dated the owner's son, Jake. He was older than she was; in fact, he was almost thirty and of course this man was nothing but trouble!

He was a sexy half-Japanese, half-Irish guy with beautiful dark skin and black hair, but light hazel eyes. Jake was a bad-boy by all accounts: he took drugs, he sold drugs, he drank too much, he ran with a gang, he even made counterfeit money. You name it, Jake did it or sold it! On paper this man was not a good catch, but he was just so irresistible: charismatic, funny, smart and witty, plus he looked and smelled really good. 

Jake always had lots of cash on hand to spoil Penny; she never paid for a meal, a drink, or anything. This was something she wasn't used to, having mostly dated broke guys her own age. Jake loved to feel like the big man and spend his money. He made a lot of it too, and he liked others to know. 

Jake took her shopping for lingerie and shoes; they saw movies, went to ballets and museums, partied at popular dance clubs. Of course, Jake's main hangout was a gentlemen's club. In fact, this is where he had met Penny; she had been working as a cocktail waitress there. Jake had been a very generous tipper and he also had a great personalty too. He truly had a good heart; and, not to mention, a beautiful smile.

Penny was drawn to him immediately. They dated briefly, and truthfully it was more of a "friends with benefits" situation; Penny knew it, but still really had a lot of fun. She loved to be spoiled, and to top it off, Jake was an amazing lover! He had a surprisingly thick cock, and he was also very generous and eager to satisfy. He loved eating Penny out and he had a fetish for slurping up her yummy, delicious cum. Penny had an amazing tasting cunt; sweet like honey and vanilla. 

Although Jake and Penny were causal lovers, she adored him and was very happy with what they shared; until, unfortunately, Jake ran into an old ex from his past. That's when the fun between them ended. He gently and kindly called things off with Penny and went back to his ex-girlfriend. Penny was beyond hurt; she felt used and slighted. Jake had been completely upfront and honest with her and she knew it was supposed to be for fun from the beginning, but she still couldn't help but feel rejected by Jake.  

She was still working for his family at their restaurant, but she was reminded every day of the rejection and loss. She really missed Jake, but every time Penny saw him her blood ran cold; her mouth couldn't even fake a smile toward him. She managed to mumble hello and keep things civil, but inside Penny yearned for revenge: sweet, naughty, dirty revenge...

Jake had a few brothers, and they all worked as sushi chefs at the restaurant. Penny found herself crushing on Jake's little brother, Adam. He was actually a bit hotter than Jake; he was not only younger, but he was taller than his older brother, and even more charming and funny. He cracked jokes and flirted with Penny constantly; and, of course, being the little cock-tease she was, she always flirted back! She'd give him her best "fuck-me" eyes and giggle at all his jokes. She made sure to drop silverware or napkins when she was behind the sushi bar, giving Adam lots of chances to notice her bending over at the waist, reaching down to grab whatever she dropped. 

Penny did her best to act casual and at the same time give her best ass-up tease, allowing Adam to see her tight little butt in the air as she bent over; her shapely, strong thin legs in her tight, black work pants. She always wore the tightest, most flattering black leggings or tightest yoga pants she could find. 

And, of course, it didn't take long for Penny to realize that Adam was into her; she also realized pretty quickly that he wanted to fuck her and that it probably wouldn't take much effort to make that happen. This was the same moment Penny also realized that she may have discovered a great way to get the sweet, dirty revenge on his brother that she longed for. 

She was gonna fuck Adam, but she had even more in mind than that. Being the little cum-craving slut she was, Penny came up with a brilliant plan to not only get the revenge she needed but also to have the kind of slutty fun she liked best! And the best part was, her plan was completely indestructible as she saw it. She knew Jake was a male slut, so he'd be easy to seduce; and she was getting to know Adam, who looked to be as easy to manipulate as his brother.

It was a busy Friday night when Penny decided to put her plan into action. Both brothers were working at the restaurant that night. At the end of the shift, Penny made sure to hang behind after all the other staff left, and help the brothers close up. It wasn't unusual, she usually stayed past closing each night anyway, but this night would be special; Penny had plans in mind for this night: dirty, sweet plans!

Before they all left, Penny offered to smoke a joint with the boys; and, of course, they accepted. The three sat in the office puffing at the joint and sipping on some of the whiskey that Jake kept in a flask that he held in his pocket at all times. It didn't take long before Penny was tipsy; she was a little stoned on top of that, and now also nervous but excited as she decided it was time to put her naughty little plan into action.

"Well, let's call it a night guys," Jake said. "Are the lights out in the tatami rooms, Penny?" 

"I'll go check," she said as her heart was racing. She knew it was now or never and luckily she was uninhibited enough to go for it.

Penny walked into room number four; it was the largest of the private tea rooms, with a big square table low to the floor, and pillows surrounding the table where ten to twelve people could sit and eat. This is the room where the light switch was, and this was the room that Penny decided would be her own special slut sanctuary! 

This is where she planned to seduce the brothers, and her heart was racing as she waited. She giggled... her skin was tingly; she was shaking; her heart was pounding; she knew there was a chance of being rejected, but she also knew her chances of getting what she wanted were more likely. Even though she was only twenty-one, she was well aware of the effect and power she had over men.

Penny couldn't stop smiling; the anticipation of waiting for one of the brothers to come back to the room looking for her was driving her wild! She knew that they would be wondering what was taking her so long. She pictured them standing at the back kitchen door, waiting for her; eventually deciding that one of them should go check to see what was taking her so long. 

Who would it be? Jake or Adam? Which brother would be the first cock in her mouth tonight? She sat in complete excitement and nervousness waiting. She unbuttoned her blouse; she removed her bra; she bared her tits to her anticipated guest: her hard, pink, erect nipples pointing longingly toward the door. She slipped her blouse over her right shoulder and stood at the entrance of the tea room waiting for one of the boys to intrude. Sure enough, he approached; she could hear his footsteps coming toward room number four... 

"Penny? Are you coming? What's taking you so long; let's go!" 

It was Adam. "Good," Penny thought. "Adam is who I was hoping for!" He rounded the corner and caught sight of her standing there, blouse half-off and perky little tits pointing right at him. 

"Um, well... hello," Adam chuckled, his eyes wide and wild. "What are you..." 

Before he could even finish, Penny had her hot, slutty little mouth all over his; her tongue teasing his tongue softly and passionately. 

"Just kiss me," Penny said as she grabbed Adam firmly by his ass and pulled him closer to her. She thrust her pelvis up against him and could feel his cock growing hard beneath his pants; she took his hands and put them on her naked breasts. She wanted him to squeeze them hard; she wanted to fill his dick grow against her. She liked knowing it was her making it get bigger; she loved having this effect on men; she loved the way she could make dicks get big and hard by a simple caress or deep kiss.

Penny wanted to see just how hard she could make him, so she put her hand on the back of his head and guided him downward to her naked breasts. Adam positioned his mouth onto her tender nipples, tasting and teasing them with a flicker of his tongue. He sucked harder as her nipples grew bigger and more erect in his mouth. Penny didn't waste any time; she knew it would only be a few minutes before Jake came back looking for them and she wanted to be sure he would catch them deep in the act. 

Kissing wouldn't be enough; Jake needed to see something extreme, something that would make his cock rock-hard instantly! She slipped down to her knees; she quickly unzipped Adam's pants and pulled out his throbbing dick. She began licking, kissing, and sucking as deeply as she could. Adam moaned; he couldn't believe what was happening. He knew Penny was a bit crazy and a big flirt but he was not expecting this! 

Adam definitely wasn't objecting; he knew his brother Jake was waiting, but he couldn't pass up this opportunity. Penny was sucking him so expertly; his cock was deep down her throat when he heard his brother's voice.

"What the fuck?!" Jake said as he entered the room and viewed the scene. Penny pulled away giggling, Adam's precum on her lips. 

"Join us?" is all she said. It wasn't what she said, but the way she said it... and the naughty look in her eyes.

Jake already knew Penny was super-hot in bed, and he knew that this could be a lot of fun; but he had a girlfriend, and he loved her and she was waiting for him at home right now. He looked down at Penny on her knees, Adam's swollen cock still in her hand. "Please?" she said before continuing to suck on his little brother's cock right there in front of him. 

There was a feeling of jealousy running through Jake, but more than anything he felt the blood rushing to his cock as his dick began to throb and grow. Seeing his brother's cock in Penny's sexy mouth was too fucking hot. Jake stood in awe; he had never witnessed anyone actually engaging in a sexual act right before his own eyes. 

Sure, this was his brother and his ex-girlfriend, but his dick didn't know that; all his dick knew was that he wanted in! His cock immediately grew rock-hard and huge; it was throbbing through his pants as he watched Penny lovingly kiss and swallow his brother's cock. Jake started to turn away; he loved his girlfriend, and he had even left Penny for her. He did care deeply for her, but his cock was fighting him on every logical thought he had.

In the end, of course, his cock won. Jake pulled his swollen dick out and stepped up to Penny, she naughtily grinned and gladly took it into her slutty mouth, soaking it with her sweet saliva. She took it deep down her throat, gagging and drooling all over it just the way she knew he liked it. 

At this point Penny took both cocks in her hands, the brothers now standing side by side while Penny was on her knees; she took turns sucking both of the them. She looked up at them as they looked down at her, their faces filled with pleasure and awe; their eyes locked with hers. It was so fucking hot being watched by both of them; she licked and sucked and jacked their cocks back and forth. 

While she sucked one cock, she rubbed the other on her soaked face, sometimes even attempting to fit both hard, big cocks into her mouth at the same time. The brothers didn't seem to mind; it didn't phase them at all that they were rubbing cocks at times; this was the hottest thing that had ever happened to either of them; and it was actually kind of cool they got to experience this together: a dirty secret they all could share; it was kind of a bonding experience for the brothers.

By this time, Penny's cunt was dripping. She had always enjoyed sucking cock; and now she had two beautiful, rock-hard ones in her hands, all over her face, in her mouth- the whole thing was beyond arousing for her; it was a dream come true. She could have probably continued to suck them off for hours and still enjoyed herself; but she knew things were going to progress, and she was craving a big cock inside of her.

Penny stood up and crawled onto the table; she slipped out of the rest of her clothes, dropping her wet panties onto the floor as she got up on all fours. Before she could even give orders, Jake was behind her, his face buried in her sweet ass, tonguing her juicy little cunt. He loved her sweet flavor, and the sight of her pretty pussy dripping wet had floored him; his mouth was watering and he needed a taste immediately. 

At the same time, Adam didn't hesitate to lay down on the table in front of Penny and feed her his juicy cock. He teased her first, rubbing the tip of his throbbing dick on her mouth, her cheek, her chin and then taking it away before finally placing it back in her mouth, Penny was pleasantly surprised by Adam's dominant and flirtatious behavior. He placed his hand on her head, holding it tight and firm as he bounced it up and down on his shaft, trying hard not to cum, but enjoying every thrust thoroughly. 

At the same time, his brother was behind Penny, taking turns tonguing both her sweet pink holes: deep in her yummy cunt and then back to her tight pink asshole, slurping up all the sweet, wet, glistening arousal that dripped out of her. Jake, too, was trying not to cum; he knew he needed to get into that pussy soon or he would spray his load all over. He already felt like he could cum from just eating her tight holes out! 

Penny felt Jake enter; his cock was already so swollen from the excitement. He went deep- slowly at first, smoothly gliding in and opening her tight slit up, but soon he was thrusting harder; faster. Penny began to cream up with each stroke, leaving the proof of her pleasure on Jake's cock. He fucking loved it; he looked down at the cream gathered on his cock and grinned, proud and satisfied with the mess he had caused Penny to make on his throbbing shaft. Penny was still sucking his brother off, gagging and slobbering all over his cock. She had a huge dick in her mouth, and one in her sweet pussy- Penny was truly in heaven! Her plan had come together exactly as she wanted, and it was more fun than she could have ever imagined.

Penny felt so good that she thought she would cum at any moment. Jake was fucking her g-spot nice and hard and she knew she was creamy, just as he liked it. They had been lovers before; and she felt in tune with his body already, and knew by the way he was fucking her that he was about to cum soon. She wanted it so bad; the cum-shot had always been her favorite part. 

Of course, she loved the whole act of fucking: she loved being eaten out, and she truly loved penetration, especially hard and deep, but the cum-shot... mmmm, it was the grand finale; it was her reward! She loved the sweet, yummy, creamy prize she earned for being such a stellar slut! She loved knowing she was good in bed; she actually did get off on knowing how much she pleased her lover; how good she fucked; how amazing her tight little cunt felt. 

She fucking loved how happy and satisfied her partners always were, and the cum-shot was that magical prize for Penny! Even if she never came, the whole experience itself was beyond one simple orgasm; the whole act felt like one continuous orgasm. The way Jake fucked her and the way she creamed all over him, she enjoyed every single thrust and she was ready now- she wanted his cum; she was ready to beg for it. 

Finally, it happened: Jake started to cum. First, she felt him pull out as he groaned... mmmm, she even loved the sound of men when they came: their groans, their sighs- fuck, the whole act drove her wild! And now she was getting her ultimate prize...his cum. Jake's delicious juices splattered all over her firm ass; they dripped down her sweet pink asshole and through those cute, plump, pussy lips and down her silky thighs. It was a gorgeous sight: the dripping cum over her quivering pussy. 

Penny reached back and dipped her finger into her moist cunt and tasted it; she loved the sweet mixture of their juices together. In fact, she wondered how all three of their juices mixed together would taste; she always had a fantasy of tasting more than one kind of cum at once!

Before Penny could finish her taste, Adam picked her up and flipped her over onto her back. He knelt on the floor in between her silky, cum-drenched thighs, as he softly slid his engorged cock into her soaked, waiting, eager pussy. The low table; Penny on her back; Adam on his knees- it worked great! Penny moaned louder as he sped up a little and began to thrust deeper. 

She began to feel her pussy moisten again; she knew she'd probably start creaming on his cock just as she had creamed on his brother's. These boys' cocks were each quite big and thick, and Penny felt Adam's dick reaching her g-spot as well, making her creamier with each thrust. By this point Jake was putting his re-hardening cock into Penny's moaning mouth while she lay on her back getting fucked good and hard by his brother.

She loved feeling how Jake's cock felt in her mouth, growing harder and bigger again- mmmm; she started grinding harder against Adam, fucking him back as he pushed hard against her. As she did this Jake started fucking her mouth more insistently; he grabbed her head and positioned himself so that he could truly throat fuck Penny... and she wanted it so badly. Jake knew she loved this kind of intense face-fucking; he knew this would put Penny over the edge.

He started roughly fucking Penny's mouth, holding her head tighter and thrusting his throbbing cock deeper and harder down her throat, his balls slamming against her chin. She gagged and drooled, and he pulled back, and slowed down. Jake then pushed himself back in, fucking Penny's throat deeper and harder, faster now, gripping her throat even tighter; he loved the feeling of her gagging, her constricting muscles on his cock each time he thrust into her throat. 

Fuck; it was amazing, seeing his cock in her mouth while looking down at her perfect, tan body; and those sweet natural tits, bouncing up and down as his brother pounded her tight pussy. She moaned loudly, her pretty face filled with ecstasy and pleasure. Adam reached down and began to rub Penny's clit furiously while he continued pounding into her; she let out a scream in delight.

"Yes, yes...more...please...don't stop!" Penny squealed. 

Adam got so excited when he saw how much Penny liked this; he rubbed her swollen, pink clit harder; faster.

"Mmmm...fuck Penny, god you're fucking hot, mmmm, cum for me Penny, cum...yes cum Penny!" 

It was that simple, in the end. Along with all the clit-rubbing, the deep cunt-fucking and the hot cock deep down her throat- it was the dirty talk that put Penny over the edge! 

She moaned and quivered as she finally came, her sweet juices soaking Adam's dick. He felt it too- the warm, wet softness covered his cock entirely as her pussy twitched and tightened. He gasped and grunted as he quickly pulled out and began spraying his hot cum all over Penny's hot, tan, little body. 

At that very same moment, Jake, with his throbbing cock deep in Penny's mouth, was pushed over the edge by the entire scene. He was holding back as much as he could; and the second he saw Adam pull out, Jake quickly slid out of Penny's mouth, nodding at his brother and signaling him to bring his load of hot cum up to Penny's mouth too. Adam made it just in time, soaking her belly, tits and face on the way up. Both guys came all over Penny's face- in her mouth, on her cheeks and even her hair! Penny lay back with her mouth wide open, enjoying every last drop.
