 The three of them whisked me away to my room, with all kinds of catcalls. Somewhere yelling "take it easy on them Penny, we need them back to work" laughter broke out everywhere. Jimmy laid on the bed and told me to bend over and suck him. I knew that if I did that one of the other guys would have easy access to my backside. I was right, I felt a cock come up to me and I must have been still full of sperm, because he slid in so easy, and I did it again. I don't know if it was all the shit I had going into my mind with the filthy things on the TV or the magazines, and fuck books. Or the fact that I was just horny because I all of a sudden, I craved cock, yes not a penis or even a dick, I wanted a hard stiff cock to fuck me and to fuck me till I climaxed again.

It seemed that for almost 24 hours my mind has been bombarded with sex, not just normal sex, but his sick, kinky type stuff. Unnatural sex, sex with more than one man, sex with man after man, perverted sex, Nasty sex like fucking a guy in his asshole and having guys fuck another. It was just too much. Oh I still hated this company, and Bud, but all of a sudden these men did not seem all that bad. In fact, this was feeling just great. Whoever it was behind me shoot his sperm in me, about the time Jimmy climaxed. I was caught by surprise with it. I have never tasted sperm by it self in my life. In fact up until yesterday when bud made me lick and suck his dick clean after he fucked me. I had never had one in my mouth, let alone had one shoot his stuff.

I did not desire to disappoint these three men. It had no taste to really speak of, maybe a little salty, but not all that bad. I just gulped it down. The guy behind me pulled out and the third one replaced him. I moved my body around and reached for the guy that just finished fucking me. I took hold of his now softening dick and pulled him to my mouth. I licked and sucked and loved his cock. I was so good at it, he became hard again. The guy behind me climaxed and I expected the guy I was sucking to replace him. But Jimmy had other idea's He decided to fuck my asshole. I just wish he would have taken it a little slower. It hurt like hell today for some reason.

I almost bit down on the dick in my mouth. My whole body felt like it was in pain. Then as quick as it came, it left with this wave of pleasure shooting though out my entire body. This went on for a good hour, with them switching positions. I did not try or want to suck them after they screwed my butt. I don't know what I would have done if one of them wanted to try. I guess I would have been spanked or whipped. But I was not going to suck a dick that just came out my asshole. I lost track of the number of times those three men made me climax. 

They put their pants on and went to grab some sandwiches. I stood up, and looked down at my legs, I could see sperm running down the inside of my legs. I did not have to pee or poop, so I turned and walked back to the kitchen. A huge round of applause rang out along with whistles and cheers.

Then About 12:50 everyone cleared out. I walked over to the TV and turned it back on. Why was I not amazed? I had taken almost 2 hours for lunch and of course the sex, yet when the set came on, it was right where I had left it to make lunch. It hit me, I had no idea if this was the only channel, or if we where able to watch regular TV. I got the remote and started changing channels. We had something on every channel I counted 134 different ones. Of those 134, 42 had no-stop sex. I saw girls having sex with girls, guys having sex with guys, girls masturbating, girls with dogs, Gang-Bang sex, Orgy sex, sex out doors, sex in public. And most of all, about 5 channels showed sex with the substitute wives. I turned it back to channel 3 where it had been all morning.

I just knew there had to be camera hidden around here and they're watching me, so again I looked around very carefully. I did not see any cameras, yet how else would anyone know? And the camera that was filming what I had been watching. Where was it? I went to my room and examined it. I spent over an hour looking for a camera any camera, yet I could not find one.

I went back to the day room and would you believe. I did not miss a thing. This time Mary was dressed in a tight black leather outfit, and she was spanking, whipping, and barking out orders to the men. She had them do things to her, to each other and to them selves. She had some dressed as maids and they were doing the housework. It was like she was the "She Bitch Queen". 

I noticed the time and jumped up, and with in 2 hours I straighten the rooms, made all the beds. By now I was not surprised to find all the sex magazines and pocket fuck books in all the rooms. Every room had a TV, I can only assume they can get al those channels like I just did. I saw that every room also had two safes. I guess that they where there so the men had a safe place for their money. I loaded the laundry, and started Supper. I had the frozen casserole all done, vegetables and bread ready. At 5:30 they all walked in. I for the first time looked at all the men. I was looking to see if I could see any face here that was on the TV that afternoon. I did not see one. Supper starts sharp at 6:00 

During supper the Pete came over to me and said he wanted to have sex, I took him to my room, and laid on my back, this time he was all cleaned up from work. Pete took off his pants and shirt, moving on the bed he moved his face right down between my legs. I tried to close them, I said "no, I'm not clean down there, it's nasty don't, please don't" Pete grabbed them and said "I want to lick you, I want to taste your cunt, I want to lick it clean" 

Before I could stop him his mouth was on me, his tong was lapping at my hole, he was moaning with pleasure. I felt his fingers working me. God do I hate saying this and admitting it, "it felt wonderful". I forgot how much sperm had been pumped in me over the last 24 hours. Whatever was left along with my perspiration and my own wetness Pete was going after and going after it with a desire and fever like I have never thought possible? I climaxed and climaxed hard; I know it was because of his eating me. It was because it is so fucking nasty, so fucking sick, He was eating my cunt, my fucking cunt, where dick's and dicks and dicks have fucked me, but most of all, because I loved it so much. 

I must have had two climaxes with his mouth and fingers before he mounted me. When he did I was ready; I wanted his stiff prick in me. The feeling I received as I felt it filled me; I cannot begin to describe. Every fiber inside the walls of my pussy could feel him. It was pure pleasure, pure lust. I was slamming myself into him. I wanted him, I wanted his cock, I wanted his sperm in me, and I needed to feel his cock explode in me. I needed to feel it throb. I needed to feel it pulses; I needed his hot fucking cum in me. I hooked my ankles together and pulled him with both legs, he fucked and fucked and fucked. I climaxed and climaxed again and again. I have no idea how long he fucked me. 

I was sweaty; I was tiring out I could hardly breath. I was fucking his cock with all my might. Pulling him with the inner walls. Squeezing his cock milking him. His sweat was dripping on me as he fucked. He started to pick up his thrusting speed, faster, harder until his cock felt like a piston. In and Out, In and Out, GOD I LOVED THIS FEELING, I LOVED THIS FEELING, I LOVED IT TO MY VERY SOUL. I have no idea how I managed to say anything let alone speak. I knew what I wanted and I was not going to be denied it. "FUCK ME, FUCK ME, GIVE IT TO ME; GIVE ME THAT COCK, HARDER, HARDER, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, GIVE ME IT, GIVE IT TO ME" I felt his cock twitch, I knew it was coming. My own body started to respond to the sperm that he was about to shoot. "YES, YES, NOW, FUCK ME HARDER, FUCK ME, OH GOD YES, OH GOD PLEASE, NOW, NOWWWWWW, OHHHHHHHH FUUUUCCCCCCCKKKKKKK I FEEL IT, OH GOD I FEEL IT" It felt like he was going to blow the head off of my shoulders. I felt his sperm hitting my cervix. 

I clutched at him. I was holding him for dear life. I shook and shook. I felt every beat of my heart as it pounded the pleasure throughout out my body. My toes throbbed; I could not catch my breath. We kissed and I wanted his body inside of mine. I kissed him like I have never kissed any other man in my life. We ground our groins together hard each wanting to get even more pleasure. I heard a slap opened my eyes and saw my "fast shooter" he was tapping Pete on the shoulder he was saying. "I'm next, come on, get off her" I held Pete tight, he broke the kiss and said "she won't let me go, she likes my dick"

I heard Jimmy whining "Oh come on Pete, don't wear her out, give us a break" I was still at the top of my mountain, and I knew that if Pete would pull out, I would tumble back to reality. Pete forced my legs open and pulled out. My "fast shooter" got between my legs and inserted himself in me. He felt good, and with the speed he was fucking it did not take me long to start to climb right back to that mountain of pleasure. I heard Pete tell him "Go get her Kiel, fuck her, look at her she loves it, she loves it" 

I can feel him, I can feel the shape of the head on his dick, and I can feel the mushroom end. It is so good; it has an angle that keeps hitting something inside of me. What ever it was hitting was making the feeling even more intense. The kid was so fast I can feel the end of his dick almost come out before he shoved it back in. I felt it and screamed, I did not yell, I screamed 'OH NO, BUT IT BACK IN, BUT IT BACK IN" he pulled out too far, and it slipped out. I can feel him stabbing, and finely "Ohhhh Yess, that's it, that's it, Yesss YESSSS, RIGHT THERE" Kiel, was fucking like a kid possessed. I felt myself starting to build with pleasure. I could feel my mind floating going higher, and higher. I felt it happen "NO, NO, OH GOD NO, PLEASE DON'T STOP, KEEP GOING, KEEP GOING" I felt him shooting his sperm, I was so close. So close, he couldn't wait. 

I swear Jimmy must have pulled him off of me. Kiel was empty and out so fast. Jimmy slid in me and started, Jimmy grabbed both breast and started to work my nipples as he rammed in and out. I closed my eyes to enjoy the feeling. The pleasure of both, it was so hot. I went rushing to a climax I knew it was going to be a good one. It hit me hard; again I wrapped my legs around him, and pulled him in, and in, and in. I was shuddering from my climax as he shot his sperm into me. Jimmy was squeezing my nipples so hard, it was mind boggling, Pleasure /pain. All at once, I was moaning so loud and loved the feeling of the cock squirting.

Jimmy pulled out, put his pants on and walked out. I lay there panting, catching my breath gleaming in the aftermath. I knew I had to get up and get the kitchen cleaned up. I got up went and urinated. While sitting there, I could hear the dripping of sperm dripping out of me as it hit the water. I looked to the wall, leaning a little forward I saw the men in the men's room, I watched as men walked around and as I looked. I saw a man walk up, unzip his pants and pulled out his cock, he stuck it though the hole. I didn't do anything I just sat there looking at it he moved it up and down. I knew I had to get my work done, but I did not want this man or any man to tell Bud I would not please them. 

I reached forward and took hold of it; I started to stroke it. I leaned forward and put the end in my mouth. I started stroking it a little faster; I put more of it in my mouth. Using my other hand I massaged his balls. I felt his dick swell up and knew it was going to shot. I was trying to decide if I should let him shoot off in my mouth or to pull my mouth away. Before I could answer myself he started to climax. I sucked and sucked every drop out of him. He pulled back and I saw a $500.00 drop on the floor. I knew that if I did not jump up and get to the kitchen I would have a line of men wanting their cocks sucked. I did not wipe myself, I jumped up hit the light and made it to the kitchen, my vagina was burping and I walked and with each burp, out came a gob of sperm. 

While I finishing cleaning up the kitchen, Pete came in and told me he would be in my room at 9:pm. I asked one of the guys bringing in an empty glass a few questions. "Tell me, do you stay here for 6 months? Or for a whole year?" he laughed and said "Hell I will work for 6 months I got here the day before you did. I am out of here 6 months from now, just like you" I asked him "what where you told about me?" he looked into my eyes and said, "do you really want me to tell you?" I said, "Yes, please, tell me" 

"Well" he said "Bud briefed us about our jobs and he told us that we all had a common wife. That she would cook, clean the place, make the beds and keep us sexually happy. We where told that three of us are allowed sex with you for a 24-hour period (6 am to 6 am) every 10 days. We where also told that you may want more than just three of us a day, however that was all up to you. And if anyone broke that or forced you not on our day to do something we would be fined %15,000.00. Which is then slit three ways to your three husbands for that day. 

So I guess it is ok to have sex with you not on our day just as long as it is you that wants it. And start it" I looked at him, listening very closely, I said "really, anything else?" he said, "I was told you may suck us or screw us any place, any time. We where told you are being paid for the housework and any thing other than housework (you know like the sex part) was on a tip basis. We were told you eagerly accepted this job, because you like men, lots of men" I stood there amazed as to how honest he was being. I asked, "Is that all?" He said "well, he said you have this thing about loving to be forced to do kinky sexual stuff, that nothing was too way out for you and you would never say no to anything that we would want you to do. We where also told that you loved Gangbangs however we could not set one up unless it was our time. (You know on our days) We were told that you lived to please men sexually and doing so gave you pleasure. 

We where told that you are disease free, and you can't get knocked up no matter how many guys you fuck a night, day or week" he kept looking at me all the time he spoke. I think he was looking for some sort of conformation or reaction. I was not mad, I smiled and turned around, I said "thank you for being so honest" He said walking off "I have you tomorrow, and I can't wait. That is of course if I don't get you in the Glory hole tonight" He stopped turned and asked "are you going to do the Glory-Hole again tonight?" I answered, "I don't know most likely not, I will be busy later, it all depends on how tired I am" 

I stood at the sink finishing up, My eyes wanted to cry, I was shocked up, I could not believe that this Jerk Bud could tell them all these lies. I did not want these men for sex. All I wanted to do was run a way from Matt. I wanted a job, yet here I was trapped for 6 months, with 30 sick horny men and at least one son of a bitch. I was hurt, deeply hurt, I did not cry I wanted to. I knew that this fucking company and that bastard Bud would pay for this, Oh I had plans for Him all right. 

It was right then that he came into the kitchen. "Hi baby" he said "I see you have taken right to your job. I'm glad you did not have to be whipped or spanked, I hope you have learned what is expected of you today. I did see that you spent a lot of time in front of the TV today, That's ok for now, I kept the boys away to let you get settled in. From tomorrow on, I will be here at 9:30 every day. I will here to fuck this hot little hole" with those words I felt his fingers touch my ass and work right to my asshole. I tensed at first, then relaxed. "That's better Penny, Hell you may just like to feel this cock in there right now wouldn't you". I asked him "what about the three men today, won't they be upset that you jumped the line so to speak". He said well If you want me that is different you know, I just can't force you those are the rules. 

Besides, from what I saw last night, I was the only one here that did not fuck you in your ass, I feel you owe me that much" I said I have plans for you, do the boys know what a pussy you are Bud? I saw the tapes you played for me today, I know what a sick person you are now. Don't worry, I'll keep your secret just as long as you don't bother me. You keep your hands off of me. Don't touch me. And as for ever whipping or spanking me again think again. The first time that happens, I'll tell all these boys what you like, and how you like to get it" I felt Bud back off. I kept my back to him, and after a few minutes, he walked away. 

I was excited inside; he made a big mistake in showing me those movies of him and Mary. I guess he thought I would get the message of what he wanted, It must have shocked him to have me shut him off so quickly. All of a sudden I did not feel bad, or trapped. All of a sudden I felt like Bud had no control over me anymore. I finished and went to my room. I sure as hell was not going into the day room as all the guys where coaxing me to do.

VOTE Feel free to write me.