 I looked at him and said "I did not see any underwear, am I" cutting me off, Bud said with a laugh "Listen kid, that cunt of yours is never to be covered, never is that clear? If you ever and I mean ever cover your cunt, you get an ass whipping with my whip. If you ever close your legs for any reason to hinder a hand, fingers, mouth or cock from entrance to your cunt or ass hole you will get an ass whipping. IS THAT CLEAR?" I was frozen to the spot. I was tearing up again and I said, "Yes, It is clear" 

Bud said one last thing before you go start supper, come over here and stand right up against the wall. Put your feet on those two painted feet on the floor" I did "Now honey, we will fasten this hand" as he spoke he grabbed my right hand and lifted it to a maniacal on the wall. I started to struggle but remembered the whip. "Now this one" he said as he fastened my left hand.

This part I truly hate, but it is necessary for you to understand what will happen to you if you decide to break my rules. I am not going to use the whip today, and I do hope I never have to use it on you. I started to cry, here I was trapped like an animal, being made to submit to this creep, I have no way out, and it is like a 6-month rape in hell. I felt the first sting it was louder than it felt. I turned my head and saw he was holding a big paddle. He spanked me hard and I thought it would never end. I was screaming in pain, I was pleading, I told him I would not break any of his rules but nothing I did would stop him.

Bud never said a word. When he stopped, I felt like I was hanging from my wrist being held up from the manacles. He finely spoke "I am really sorry Penny, but if I had not done this now, you would have never known what would have happen if you broke the rules. Trust me honey the whip hurts 10 times worse. Please, please don't put me in the position where I have to use it." Bud unhooked my wrist and helped me to the bed. My ass stung, it hurt I laid on the bed, and he rubbed my butt he said "Now, honey rest here for a few minutes, then put something on, come out to the kitchen and start supper.

He got up and left the room. I put my head in the pillow and sobbed. I knew I had to survive this just so I could get him put in jail where he belonged. I must have fallen to sleep. I heard a voice calling "hey you there, are you going to just lay there, or are you going to get us supper?" I woke up and realized it was not a bad dream. It was real and I was stuck. I got up real quick and went to the closet. I reached for a black pants and a shear white blouse (there must have been 20 shear white ones). Putting the hangers on the bed I grabbed a pair of stockings and a garter and a pushup bra. Put them on, I looked at the shoes then consisted of many different sizes of heels. (God I hate heels) I found a pair that fit. I went to the bed, put on the blouse, I took the pants off the hanger and realized why there where pants in the closet. 

I held them up and there was a huge cut opening from front to rear. They where more like cowboy chaps they where yelling to hurry up. I put them on and felt so sick. My ass cheeks stuck out; nothing could cover my deep red bush. I knew my butt must still be red from Bud's spanking. I decided to not look at anyone as I walked from my room to the kitchen. Everywhere I looked I saw men. White men, black men, Mexican men and I assume Eskimo men. I knew every eye was on me as I walked. I Heard Bud's voice as he said "Take a good look men. She is a hot one. Just remember that your turns start tomorrow. We'll give her time to settle in first"

I was so naked. I cried all the time I cooked them supper. I made Pasta and all the time I was cooking man after man came up to tell me his name, and every one kept telling me how lovely I looked or sexy or the most gorgeous women he had ever seen. I expected them to come in and maul me, to touch me, to make me feel like a caged animal. Just the opposite, they were polite, they wanted to talk small talk. By the time I was ready to serve supper, I had stopped crying and somehow put it out of my mind that I was so naked and open for every male to see and to touch for that matter if they wanted to. 

I could feel myself shaking, I was nervous, scared and most of all I did not want to go out and serve them their dinner. I did not want to get close to them what so ever. I knew I had to, there where 6 tables with 6 chairs each. Almost ever chair was filled. There was a lot of talking going on, and most was not directed at me. However, a couple of the guys would say something that brought me back to the reality that anyone of them could and would be having sex with me. I heard one tell another person "Yea, I bet she is a hot one, all redheads are hot" I heard another man say "I can't wait to get my mouth on that cunt of hers" 

I heard that and it made my stomach turn. For anyone to put their mouth down there, God how sick they must be. I brought out the bread first. It was the frozen long bread sticks that all I had to do was heat them up in the oven. Well the tables are not small. In fact they are huge. When I walked up to the first table, I heard Bud say, "Penny, the bread goes in the center of the table Hon, as well as all the food." I had to place the breadbasket in the middle of the table. I knew I would be bending over to get it in the center. And that would also make me very vulnerable to their touching.

Sure enough as I bent over the first table I felt two hands go straight to my bare open buttocks both went straight to my vagina. I knew that if I made any move to discourage them I would be punished. I already felt that spanking and did not want to be hurt in any way what so ever again. I gritted my teeth and waited for them to finish. My vagina was still wet from Bud's sperm oozing out. I had forgotten how turned on I was once in the bedroom before the spanking.

I have no idea how long it took before I received pleasure from those invading fingers. I must have turned red, or at least my face must have looked flushed. I knew I had to do something very soon before those two guys started to make me feel good down there or worse yet. Sexually turn me on. I looked at the one on the left and said, "I don't want to stop you, but if I don't get the food out, it is going to get cold". I wanted to make sure that they did not feel I was trying to stop them. (I was, but I did not want it to come across like I was) They both pulled their hands out and both of them licked their fingers. One of them shouted out for all to hear. "Hmmm, she taste good, I bet her pussy is going to be real sweet" 

I cringed as I walked to the next table. I was so embarrassed; my stomach was in knots. I bent over the table to place the bread and sure enough two more hands went to work. I guess the earlier fingering worked loose what was left of Bud's sperm in me. I just remained bent over and as their fingers worked, one of them started rubbing near the top of my vagina, and right at the place I had rubbed. I don't know what happen, or how it happened, but I knew that I wanted to open my legs for them to have easier access to me. Some guy right in front of me told them. "Oh you got her now, her eyes are closed and she sure likes what your doing" I opened my eyes and looked at the guy talking. Right then I hated him and I hated those two guys fingering me. One guy was working my button and the other was working two fingers in my hole and I swear I felt I felt one finger right as my butt hole.

As much as I hated these men, I have to admit I loved the feeling they were giving me. I felt this feeling building, and I mean building fast, very fast. I could hardly breath. I was trying to breathe with my mouth closed, as I did not want to moan or make any noise. I felt my nostrils flaring open with each breath. I felt myself going over the top of that mountaintop of pleasure. I had my elbows on the table and I just rested my face on it also. 

I felt my ass being invaded by a finger or something. But all it did was add to the pleasure they were giving me. I was going crazy with this pleasure they were giving. I did not know it at the time but I must have been moving my hips around grinding back against their hands I heard a voice moaning and to my shock I realized it was me. I was moaning and moaning I felt my body shake and my legs shake as I crammed back against the fingers invading both of my holes.

The table was cheering them and me on. I kept hearing fragmented sentences. "Fuck her, make her cum" "Go terry, she loves it" "I can't wait to fuck that cunt" "fuck that bitch" "give it to her" "stick it in her ass" "fuck that pussy". On and on they talked saying filthy, filthy things. Nasty things, I don't know what happen but it all added to this sick pleasure that they were doing. I would start to come down from a climax and as I felt it start to go away, another would start building. One of the guys fingering me shouted out for all to hear "she is so fucking wet, no one will have to use k-y on her. She is fucking dripping" 

I climaxed again and one guy stood up and moved behind me. I knew to expect a dick in me real quick like. I had two feelings going on in me at the same time. First, I knew I wanted it. I knew I needed to feel what it felt like to be fucked while in this state. The other feeling was pure panic. I did not want anyone to see me being fucked let alone to see how it would affect me. I did not want this, I did not ask for this, and I sure as hell did not want to be fucked right then and there, or did I?

I heard Bud's voice in the crowd somewhere. "Hold on Jake, you are scheduled for Friday, you know that, she is not to be fucked until tomorrow" another guy yelled out "yea Jake, I get first crack at that pussy, you'll get your" Jake yelled back "Yea, but she wants it now, don't you baby?" I kept grinding my ass back against the hands and said in a very sexual state "No, No, I don't, I don't" I heard every one laugh, some shouted out "Liar, you want it now Bitch" I knew they knew my body was saying differently. It was my mind that was saying no. My vagina was screaming "YES, YES, GIVE IT TO ME, FUCK ME" I felt the fingers pull out and some how I managed to get myself up, and walk back to the kitchen for two more baskets of bread. 

I went to the next two tables and the same thing happened. This time when I bent forward I almost could not wait for the touching to start. At the same time I hated myself for feeling this sick desire. This time one guy reached up and started playing with my nipple of my right breast. God, it was so sensitive, the pleasure I received from him touching and foundling it only increased the feeling that the others were giving me between my legs. By now, I was so horny, so hot, my vagina was betraying me, and my body was betraying me. All of a sudden I wanted the attention these men were giving me. 

When I did get to the fourth table I looked for the best two good looking men there and moved between them. I did not bend over, their hands where on me at once. One from the front, and one from the back. I stood there holding the basket of bread. Eyes closed, legs open and I could feel my nipples hard as two rocks. The nasty talking never stopped. They were raping my mind, and my body. I was relishing in this perverse filth. With in a few seconds I was climaxing again. There was no doubting as to my sexual capacity at least to the men there. I knew I had one guy fingering my asshole with two fingers as another two or three where in my pussy. I felt a hand on my left nipple squeezing and playing with it. When I realized it was my own hand I put down the breadbasket and started on both nipples at once.

My body shuddered again and again. My mind was going crazy, Matt and I never experienced anything like this and I loved him with all my heart. I hated every man in this room. I hated them with every fiber in my body, yet I was experiencing pleasure beyond my wildest dreams. And since I never dreamed of sex that is a revelation to myself beyond belief. I realized I was squatting down just a little and moving my hips grinding them hard against the hands and fingers working into me and rubbing me.

They both must have tired because they slowly came to a stop. I felt betrayed as they pulled their hands and fingers away. I did not want this feeling to end, and I quickly placed the breadbasket in the middle. I walked back to get the last two and as I walked I felt so slippery between my legs. I could feel wetness, I mean real wet, and real slippery. I could smell myself I don't know how my body betrayed me, or why, but as I walked I was torn. I hated my vagina and the pleasure it wanted and that I desired at that moment so much. Yet I could not hurry fast enough to get the two baskets and get between two more men.

VOTE Feel free to write me.