 As we went into the bedroom my mind was going a mile a minute. I had never been with any other man than Matt and my teenage mistake; now, here I was trapped, trapped to be a sex slave for 30 men. Men that could care less how I felt. Men that wanted a maid, a cook and a place to but their dick's into. I should have stayed with Matt I kept thinking. At least he would not hurt me like this. 

I heard Bud say "for right now, just kneel down and lay over the edge of the bed. I'm going to fuck you real quick like, and let you start supper." He pushed me to the bed, some how in my daze and shock along with my fear knelt down at the bed's edge. I felt him kneeling between my legs. I heard him spit then I felt wet fingers opening me up. "Hold on Jenny, your going to like this" I gritted my teeth and said "it's Penny, Penny White not Jenny" That just made him pissed. He said "shut up bitch, you will be what ever I want you to be, and do what ever I want you to do" With that he shoved his dick into me hard and I felt myself being filled. I felt stretched, and I mean like he was shoving a huge log into me. 

I kept telling myself "Oh God, please hurry, please cum and get out of me" I heard myself say God, and started to pray. "Please, oh please God, help me, make him stop, please, he is raping me, I don't want to do this, he is making me do it. Oh Please God help me" I could hear him grunting, and felt his belly each time he shoved into me. Matt would shove it in, and with in 2-3 seconds he would shoot his nasty cum in me then pull out. This man would not shoot his stuff. He just kept pumping and pumping. He reached around and grabbed my breast, holding on to them for handles he was pulling me back hard against himself as he would ram his huge fat thing in me.

I felt myself no longer in discomfort, his thing did not seem to be hurting as much and I just knew it was God answering my prayers. He was taking the humiliation and the discomfort away. I prayed again "Please God, make him shoot his stuff, get him off of me, Please Oh hurry, hurry before some ones comes in and sees him or he hurts me" I knew God heard me because the discomfort was completely gone. 

I felt something I never felt before. And it made what was going on not only bearable, but almost to the point of feeling good. I prayed again to let God know how much I loved him helping me in my time of need "Oh thank you God, Thank you" Some where between my praying to God in my mind I heard myself shout out. "OH GOD, OH GOD" (not out of fear from this evil man fucking me, but out of the pleasure God was giving me to make up for this man's evil ways and for what he was doing to me.

I heard Bud say, "That's it Baby, that's it, you’re going to love this cock, you are going to be begging me to fuck you. God you are tight, if I did not know you had been married I would think you were a virgin. You feel real good, push back hard, and take it all" 

I pushed back, I pushed back hard, real hard I wanted to make this feeling better, and I felt myself feeling real warm. Almost glowing with pleasure. I could feel his fat dick, I could feel it pull all the way out and then slide all the way deep inside of me. I was rocking my body back and forth and the stronger the feeling got, the harder and faster I shoved back to get every inch of him in me. 

I had lost it now, I was shouting out. "YES, YES, OH IT FEELS GOOD, FASTER, HARDER, YES, OH GOD, OH GOD, IT'S GOOD, HARDER, HARDER" I felt like God was taking my body and some how by using this man's thing was giving me pleasure. I felt like I was climbing a very high roller coaster and was almost right at the top when I felt this dick throbbing inside of me. I knew it was Bud climaxing and I knew he would be stopping, my mind was screaming. "NO, NO, DEAR GOD NO, DON'T STOP, DON'T STOP" He held me tight and pumped his cum deep inside me. I never ever, felt anything like this in my life. I just knew that if he could have only been able to keep fucking me just a little bit longer. Just a few more seconds I would have gone higher yet, It seemed there was no ending to this feeling. 

I lay over the end of the bed as he finished and pulled out. When he did I felt open, and ashamed, very ashamed. I did not want to turn around and look at him. This man, this sick filthy pig of a man, made me feel pleasure. Pleasure that Matt never made me feel. Then I remembered my prayer. I realized it was God, not Bud. God must have given me that feeling to cover the terrible thing that Bud was doing to me.

"Well Penny, It would seem you loved every inch of old Buds cock, now, turn around" I did not move, I sort of heard him, I was lost in this glow I just laid there basking in the pleasure that was still in my body. Buds voice became clearer and I felt him grabbing my shoulder, "turn around I said" I got up on my knees and turned around. As I did he was standing right in front of me, and his thing was right in front of my face. His dick was all wet, and I was sure it was dripping. He said "clean me off" I knew what he wanted, I had to always get out of bed and get a wash cloth to clean Matt after we had sex. I looked around for something to clean him with but saw nothing. He said it again "clean me off bitch" I looked up at him and said I need a towel or something" 

He laughed and said "baby, you clean me off with that tong and little mouth of yours, you will clean us all with that mouth." He grabbed the back of my head and pulled me to him. I became frightened again. I heard him say "suck me clean bitch or i'll get my cane and blister your hide" with tears in my eyes, I opened my mouth and took him in my mouth. I expected an awful taste, but to my surprise it was sort of salty sweet. To my astonishment I found that I like the taste. It was me that I was tasting on him, and some how that thought made me want to really clean him off good. 

I also realized that for some strange reason the more I sucked him and licked and loved his dick with my mouth, it made me start to feel my own pulsing between my legs. I slowly moved my left hand down between my legs hoping that he would not see me. I found the opening and I was wet with his cum. I also found that by rubbing the top part, it made me get another deep warm, feeling. It was like the one that I had earlier yet not the same. 

I found a bump near the top of my opening that when I touched it, I would get suck a feeling, that I had to keep touching it. Which turned into rubbing it back and fourth. With my other hand I was cupping his balls and holding his now stiff dick. The harder it got, the harder I rubbed myself, and my mind was spinning. He had to ruin it all by saying "that's enough for now" and he pulled back. 

He was much quicker than I was because as he pulled back and away, I still had my hand rubbing my little button that I just found. I was sort of squatting and kneeling at the same time. I felt two things all at once, I felt embarrassed and in a panic. I was almost at that point again, and it all stopped again. I closed my legs to hide my self from his eyes and pulled out my hand.

He said "what's the matter baby, can't you get enough? Don't worry the boys and I will make sure you get all the cock you want and need. My, I thought you were a cold little bitch like the last two, but you are hot. I would lay good money that you may just end up loving it". I could not look up at him. I was so embarrassed, he made me have sex with him he raped, and instead of it being painful, it was just the opposite. God I hated him for that I felt something between my legs. I can't describe it in any terms I know. What I do know? I wanted to finish what this creep had started. I knew I could not do anything right then, because I sure did not want him or anyone else for that matter to know how hot I was. That's it I was hot, I was horny. I remembered those words from those few girl friends that did talk to me about their own sex life. Boasting as to how their lovers would take them to places of the mind that no one else could.

Yes, I was hot. I was horny. Bud then said "get up and come over here, i'll show you your cloths and all your sex toys." I got up and walked with him to a large double door cabinet. He pulled open the doors and I saw things I could never imagine. I stood there looking as he walked to the dresser and open the drawers. Then he opens the closet. My eyes were trying to take in all the different things hanging on the doors, on the back wall, and on the shelves things I could never in a million years imagine. Bud said, "For the next six months the only thing that goes on your body are these cloths." I turned and walked to the dresser. I saw all kind of lovely sexy teddies. Stockings, garter belts, push up bras, bras with the center holes cut out. But no panties, I walked to the closet. There were all kinds of cloths hanging there. I saw long dresses and skirts, short dresses and skirts, mini dresses and skirts and micro mini dresses and skirts. 

I also saw pants, pantsuits. Sundress's, jumpers. And checking the sizes, I knew that almost all of them would fit me. I was shocked. I thought I was going to be going around stark naked. Seeing these sent a feeling of some relief. Bud said "look at the top of the closet see those hours?" I looked up and saw 5:am to 8:pm I said "yes"

"good" he said, remember those hours. If you get caught wearing anyone of these before or after those hours I will take every stitch away for a week. The second time it is three weeks and the third I lock them up until the day you leave. Any other time, you have the choice of going naked, or using one of the sex outfits from the dresser. Oh yes, one last thing we have cases of black, red and white stocking. The only time you will be allowed to not wear a garter and stockings is when you are in the bath or shower that means even if you decide to run around here naked you will still wear the stockings and garters. We guys have a thing for stockings."

To Be Continued...

VOTE Feel free to write me.