 I saw her finish fucking one guy and told the next guy she wanted him to lay down on his back. He did and she straddled him as she squatted down on his stiff dick. She laid down on him fucking him. The guy she was jacking off with her right hand she pulled him around behind her. Never letting go of his cock, she brought him right up to her asshole. As he pushed himself in her she grabbed another dick and with her mouth sucked in another dancing right in front of her. I watched and could not help but wonder who she was. Was she the woman I passed getting off the plain? Was it the "Hot Gal" from three years ago? I knew it had to be one of the "substitute wives" but which one?

It was very obvious to me, this woman loved sex. She loved every thing going on. I sat there watching as every man in the room fucked her either in her mouth, in her ass or in her pussy. When they all finished fucking her, she used a big fat black rubber cock to fuck herself into oblivion. By the end of the film, she was left alone on the coffee table with her black dildo. That stopped and I went to stand up and another one followed. It was a picture of my room, from above. Showing the entire room. The same woman walked in, went to the sex cabinet. 

She opened it, and pulled out something that looked like a leather pair of panties and I could tell something like a rubber dick was attached to it. I watched as she put them on. It took her some time, however she did get them on, and when she finished there was no doubt what it was. Behind her it was open down in the crotch and anus area. She grabbed a leather hood and walked out of camera view. Then after a few minutes I heard her say, "come here asshole, you were bad today, and it is time for your punishment. His head was covered, and he had what looked like a red ball in his open mouth. The ball was attached to the back of the hood some how.

She led him to the end of her bed (Our bed) she had him stretch his legs and she bent down and fastened each ankle with something. He was standing there with his legs spread. Once locked down, she went behind him and shoved him, (she shoved him very hard) forward. Then she quickly moved around and reaching under the bed she grabbed some handcuffs attached to a long chain and cuffed him bent over. There he was naked, hooded, locked in a spread eagle position. And this girl was getting ready to fuck him up his ass. She went to the cabinet and pulled out a blue and white tube. Putting some of it in and around his asshole, she moved in behind him and started to fuck him. God she was not gentle, she put the head of it up against his butt hole, and then with one very fast hard thrust she shoved it in. the guys' head bent up off the bed. And I swear I heard him scream through the ball in his mouth. 

She pumped and pumped. It was no doubt that he liked it, he was shoving back at her as she shoved the rubbed cock in. she stopped and the guy was moaning and pleading through the ball in his mouth for her to continue. She knelt down and moving her head under and in between his leg, she started sucking his cock. I could tell he liked that as well. She stopped sucking and stood up. She said "Ok, now for your punishment. I have five of your friends waiting to come in here for a piece of ass. They think they are going to fuck me in my ass while I fuck you. But what they don't know is, I am going to have them fuck you" 

The guy on the bed went crazy. He tried and tried to get out of the chains holding him. He tossed and turned flailing his arms and legs. She said, "Calm down Bud, you know you want this. Calm down, they don't know who you are. Only I do. You are going to be raped by your own men" She moved in behind him again and pointing the rubber cock in the vicinity of his butt hole she just shoved her hips forward. It appeared that she did not care it the end was at his hole or not. She just shoved forward. Again his head came up off the bed. She just kept pumping. With in a few strokes the guy was shoving back. "That's it Bud, That's it" It hit me, My God it was Bud, the fucking Boss. She went on "if you are a real good boy, I will arrange this once a week, no more fake cocks for you, only the real thing for my baby" She reached down and started to jack him off real fast.

She asked him "are you close baby? Do you like it baby? Are you ready to shoot?" Bud was loud; his moaning was beyond simple moans. She jerked her hand away and pulled back. I swear I heard his asshole snap shut. She moved away from the camera view. Bud just laid there he kept humping the end of the bed wanting to get off. I heard voices and I heard the girls' voice. She said "I'm going to mount my bitch, and you guys one at a time fuck me in my ass, OK?" each one said yes. One guy asked, "who is he?" another guy said, "who cares, if he wants her to fuck him I don't care" She moved around behind him and again just sort of aimed and shoved her cock in him.

She started fucking him hard and again reached under him stroking his cock. One man moved behind her and bent trying to stick his cock in her moving ass. After about 5-6 attempts he said "Come on Mary, I can't put it in with your fucking him so fast" The woman kept pumping and stroking as she said "I know, you boys wanted to fuck my asshole, lets have a Gang-bang party with my bitch here. You guys all fuck him twice each, and after supper and I finish the guys, I'll bang you all my self. Deal?" Almost every one yelled back "deal" again the same guy asked, "who is he? I don't like fucking guys I don't know" Mary laughed and said does it really matter? Can't you enjoy a hot ass when you see one" another guy said "Yea, Chuck, who cares, besides he wants it, so lets give him the fuck of his life. 

Mary pulled out and moved to the side never letting go of Bud's cock. Every time he was about to climax she would stop stroking. The first guy fucked him, then the second. By the time the third guy was inserting himself. Mary said "I have another idea, guys. I am going to take out his ball gag. When I do he will suck you hard again. She got on the bed and said "OK bitch, I'm going to take out your gag. You are not to say one word. Every time you feel a cock at your lips, you are to suck it. You are to suck him rock hard. And if it gets to feel to good for him, you will let him fuck your mouth. Do you understand? Shake your head yes if you want them to keep fucking you. If you don't want to I'll make them stop fucking you."

I watched him as he shook his head yes. Mary undid the ties behind his head and pulled the ball out. She made him turn his head to the side. And all that could be seen was a round hole where his mouth was. Nothing else, it was solid black. No eyeholes not even a hole for the nose. She had the first guy that screwed him get up on her bed and kneel next to him. Bud did not wait for him to put his cock in Bud's mouth. Bud moved his head and went after the guy's dick. God, what a sight. I watched and I was shocked at first. Then puzzled. Why was this being shown? Why was this on TV for every one to see? 

It hit me. Everyone was at work; the only one that had the freedom to put this on was Bud. What was he trying to show me? He must think this is a way for me to act with him. I looked all around. I could not see any tape player that was running. I did not understand how this was being shown to me, but it was. To say it was a turn on would be 100% wrong. It was 100% interesting that this women, who like myself, was brought here for these men's sexual pleasure and maid service had some how, turned everything around and from what I could tell she was running things by the using of her sex and her creative mind.

Suddenly I became very interested. If she could do this to Bud, and keep his secret, she had power. Power that I am sure made it so she was never hurt. Power to get all the men to do what she wanted and not what they wanted. Oh yes I became very, very interested. If I could learn what she did, I would not need any police to punish these bustards; I could do it for months on end, I would teach these son's of bitch's not to ever use a woman like they wanted to use me.

I kept watching, when that one finished another one started. I was again a picture of my room and this time there was a blonde changing. She was standing in front of the sex in her stockings and Garter. She reached in and pulled out another pair of leather panties. Only this did not have any holes cut out. In fact from what I could tell, inside the panties, there was two small things sticking toward the inside. I realized that whatever they where, even thought they where in the right position, the smallness of them would surly not give any pleasure. Then I thought, I know, I bet they are there to cause discomfort. A thought flew through my mind, to make sure I did not have to put those on. I watched her as she worked them up her legs, they where very tight. 

When she got them up mid thigh, she reached in the cabinet and pulled out a large blue and white tube of something. She grabbed one of the rubber dicks, put tomes clear gooey stuff from the tube on it and went to work inserting the rubber cock in her butt hole. It took s few minutes, and then she reached in and grabbed another rubber cock. She spit on it and inserted that one in her vagina; she then worked the panties up enough to connect those two things sewed into her leather panties to the bottom of the two fake cocks. The blonde then pulled them the rest of the way up moving her hips all around.

I then realized, no one was there telling her what to do. Why was she doing this to her self? When the panties where tight and comfortable to her, she walked over to the wall just past my bathroom. She moved one of the padded chairs from the reading table and scooted it over alongside the wall next to my bathroom. Right next to where she was sitting hung a long bamboo type Chinese calendar; you know the ones that look like a picture. Well she reached up and took it off the hook. She set it on the floor and behind the long hanging calendar was a square hole. I looked like it was about a foot square. Before she sat straight up from putting the thing on the floor, I dick was stuck through the big hole. She simply bent forward a little; she grabbed it, stroked it and started sucking it. The guy climaxed, and pulled back, I thought she was going to spit out the stuff, but she did not. As soon as the one guy pulled his cock out, another one appeared. 

I had to know if that thing was still there? I quickly went to my room and saw the calendar hanging. It was from five years earlier. I took it off the wall and sure as anything. It was there. I moved the chair and sat down so I could look into the other side easier. I saw a bathroom stall. Only this one was rather large. It was the same men's bathroom that I could see through the hole in my own bathroom.

I sat up, got up, re-hung the calendar, and walked around to the men's bathroom. I found the first hole from their side. I saw painted all around the hole was a woman's face and the hole was her mouth. Alongside it had "Tips not required, but appreciated" (that was the one at my bathroom wall) I looked in the stall on the same wall, It was big all right. I saw the huge square. It had three things written alongside of it, "#1-if you want a blowjob, stick it through hard, #2-if you want to be fucked, put your asshole up to the hole. #3-Tips not required, but appreciated" 

"What! If you want to get fucked?" I thought. Then I remembered Bud. Where their more guys like him here? I went back into the dayroom in a funny daze or maybe a trance. I knew I was in hell, these guys had to be the sickest of the sickest. I heard the noise from the TV and it looked like I did not miss a thing, she was hard at work milking another guy, then another, some had short dick's, others had long one's, some black, some dark, others white as snow. Then I saw it, when one dick disappeared, time went by, the blonde just kept moving her own crotch on the seat of the chair a few minutes later an I could see a ass being pushed up against the wall. The blonde got up, went over to the cabinet and brought back a dick with a handle. She put that gooey stuff on it and slid it right in up the guys ass. She fucked him and fucked him; she even changed hands twice. Then I guess he was satisfied and he pulled away, almost taking the thing out of her hand.

I also noticed that she did a lot of squirming around in the chair as she did these things to the guys. I counted 9 guys get blowjobs twice she used rubber dick's to fuck two guys on the other side. I also noticed that after each guy, money would fall to the floor from the other side. When she finished she picked up the money, laid down on the bed and grabbed a magic wand. I know what they are because I use one all the time for my back. It is a massager, well; she laid on her back, moving her hips. She still had the panties on holding those two-rubber cocks inside of her. She opened her legs, and placed the wand end right between her legs up around the clit area. She was thrashing on the bed for 5-8 maybe 10 minutes. 

When she was finished she got up took the cash and went to a wall safe, opening it she put the money in. She then went into the bathroom, where the camera faded to black. I almost jumped up and almost ran (almost) to the cabinet. I saw the leather pants with the hole in the ass. I saw the leather pants with the two things sewn into the crotch. I found the two rubber dicks that attached to them. I also found the rubber dicks with the handles. There where 6 in all, of different lengths and thickness. I saw other things there. I'll tell you about those later. I also found the wall safe and in the inside it gave instructions on changing the combination. I decided to use the safe and change the combination, I noticed the time I knew I had to get lunch started.

I went to the dayroom and turned off the set; I went and made 75 sandwiches. All the time I stood there my mind was going a mile a minute. It was 11:30 all 30 men walked in on the dot. Jimmy and two other men walked straight to me. I recognized one as the "fast shooter" from this morning; he was maybe 19-20, good looking blond guy. The other was the third man for the day, he was Black, and his name was Pete. He must have been in his late 40's, Jimmy said, "let's go to your room, we'll eat later" 

VOTE Feel free to write me.