 I went and took a shower. I had so many things going threw my mind, I stood there thinking of everything that happen to me in a little over 24 hours. Then the money popped into the picture. I had $5,000.00 in cash that worked out to $2,500.00 a day, over 30 days that will be $75,000.00 and for 6 months very close to $500,000.00. This in itself is very mind-boggling. On top of the money, I experienced sexual pleasure like I had never known before in my life. It was dirty; it was nasty, very nasty but did it ever feel great. I stood there, I was being torn apart with these feelings. I was disgusted with my self for many things. First because I should have never let myself be put in this type of situation. Second because I should have never left Matt. Third because I should be very, very mad. Yet what was I thinking about I thought about the money, and most of all the sick nasty pleasure I got from having this kind of filthy sex with 30 different men. 

I swear I hated myself I was thinking about every thing that happen to me since I had arrived. Remembering the position I was in, a position with no control over my life. And then the wonderful feeling I received from the sex I had been doing. I was getting turned on from the memories of all those nasty things. I knew I did not take on this job for the reasons that Bud told the men or told me for that matter. All I wanted to do was, give an honest days work, for an honest days pay. But this extra money, and for what, a sex? For pleasure like I had never felt in my life?

I caught myself saying all this to my self. I know it now, I am going crazy; here I was arguing with myself convincing myself that this was all OK. After all, they did need some kind of attention, and besides as long as they kept giving me these tips, I would have one hell of a nest egg when I went back home. Don't get me wrong, this was hard work, cooking, cleaning, and doing the laundry. It is no piece of cake by any means. But what made the unpleasant job a little bit more bearable was the money and the fact the only one to treat me unkind was that asshole Bud, and after what I had seen on the TV, I think I can get him under control. Now if all this wasn't enough to contemplate, I started thinking about being woke up in the middle of the night and having that extraordinary climax. What surprised me was my desire for more, I mean to be taken for sex and awaken to more pleasure. 

I just cannot take anymore of this; I brought my hand down and started rubbing my clit. I closed my eyes I remembered the night before standing at the sink. I remembered every cock fucking me in my asshole. I could feel my vagina pulsing with desire. Some how even though my fingers felt good rubbing myself, I wanted my pussy filled. 

I left the shower running, stepped out and went to the sex cabinet. I looked around the shelves and found this lovely fat rubber cock. I took it back with me to the shower. Stepping in I let the water run over my body. As I closed my eyes to re-live the filthy nasty sex. The sex, oh the fucking sex, I started rubbing my clit again, Crouching I brought the head of the rubber cock to my opening. I knew I needed it, I just had to climax. I pulled it into myself, reveling in the pleasure of it stretching and filling me. I felt it slide in, I could feel it with every fiber of nerves inside my vagina What was the most exciting to me was, I loving every inch of it as I pulled it inside.

I started fucking. I have no idea what I looked like, I sort of bent forward, and with one hand I was rubbing my clit while with the other I was fucking myself. After a while I felt a good climax coming, it was not hard like the others I had experienced, but it was a good one. After I climaxed I had to sit down; I pulled the cock out of me, turned off the water, and got out. I sat on the stool sat back, closed my eyes. I guess it was under a minute before I heard movement to my right. I looked and I had a very stiff very long dick sticking right through the hole along side of me. I knew I was now free of Bud's grip or at least I knew what I had to do to control him. That from now on anything I did would be because I wanted to. I was still holding the rubber cock with my right hand so with my left I grabbed the cock in the hole. I leaned forward and took it in my mouth. I wanted to feel my rubber cock inside of me again, so I scooted forward on the stool, opened my legs and slid that wonderful cock inside.




I don't know what made this time so good, but I felt a huge climax starting to build, I mean a big one. I don't know if it was because what I was doing was so nasty or because I relished the cock I was sucking. I did know that I was now doing this because I wanted too, not because I was not being forced to. The cock in my mouth pulsed as the man climaxed and his sperm filled my mouth. I did not even think about it, I swallowed his sperm. Maybe it was because I was right at the verge of a climax I don't know. He pulled out, I saw money drop and another cock came through the hole. It was a short one, not all that thick, but it was as hard as a rock. As I took it my cunt rocked with a fantastic climax. Almost instantly the guy shoot his sperm off. He pulled back and more money dropped. Another replaced him. This one was white as snow, skinny but very long. I milked him for every drop. Climaxing as he shoot his load, this went on till my mouth and jaw got sore. Both of my arms where sore as hell from fucking myself and stroking the guys dick's. I needed to get some rest; I stood up, and picked up the cash and put it in the safe. 

I dried my self off, took off my shower cap, put on some new red stockings and a cute matching baby doll top. I decided to lay down for a few minutes before Pete came to my room. I must have dosed off to sleep. (After all it had been a very long hard day) When I woke up Pete was there, running his hands gently up and down my inner thigh. Oh the feeling was pleasant, very pleasant. I have never been awaken in this manner. Pete was slowly caressing me, it was special, and I loved every touch. He was being very slow, and almost teasing me with his touching. I could not help but moan. I was on my side, so I turned onto my back, I kept my eyes closed and just relaxed. Pete did not rush to my groin as I some how expected. He just kept gently stroking my upper thighs. Tracing his fingers all up and down inside and out, around my tummy. I could not help the feelings I was experiencing. My vagina started to at first feel warm then it felt like a tingle. It was not long before it was hard for me to breathe.

I think Pete noticed this and stepped up his teasing. That only made matters worse for me. I slowly opened my legs some more hopping he would take the hint to address the discomfort between my legs. Since I was not covered I acutely felt as if the lips of my vagina were swollen and open. I even found myself moving my hips in order to meet Pete's fingertips to some how direct them to where I wanted him to touch. I wanted his fingers on my clit. No that is wrong, I needed his fingers on my clit. I needed his fingers inside of me, my nipples were hard and they almost hurt from wanting to be touched. I brought my own fingers to both nipples since it was obvious to me that he was not going to touch them. 

Instead of helping me that only made my desire his fingers and hand on and in me even more. I lifted my knees and opened my legs even more. Putting my feet flat on the bed to give me the leverage to follow his hand, and to some how capture his fingers. I must have looked crazed, looked it my ass, I was crazed GOD I needed his fingers touching me, fucking me ramming me. I felt him move and he moved onto the bed between my legs. At first I thought he was ready to mount me, put he had other ideas. I felt his tongue and lips on me, in me, gently sucking on my clit, tugging at it. I squeezed my nipples harder, harder. The pleasure is beyond description. No words can express the pleasure of his lips and mouth working on and in me. 

I let go of my nipples and grabbed his head. Grabbing his hair, I held onto him for dear life. There was no way I was going to let him stop until I achieved my climax. I can feel it build, build, closer, closer. I held on yet I felt Pete trying to pull away, as hard as I tried to hold his head, I could not. I did the only thing I could think of I said "Oh God, please, please don't stop, OH Jesus, don't stop. I'm so close, eat me" My words fell on death ears. Nothing I said would stop him, he pulled back. I was reaching trying to grab onto him to some how bring him back. Then I realized he was getting ready to fuck me. I started in, "yes, yes, hurry, hurry, stick it in me" I felt the head of his cock touch me. I swear my whole body craved that cock. "Oh baby, yes, stick it in, oh fuck, it feels good" I am loosing all my faculty's, that cock, that cock, Oh it feels good, Oh fuck. 'YES, YOU BASTARD, FUCK ME FUCK ME HARDER, HARDER, GIVE ITTTTTT OHHHHH FUUUUUUUCCCKK HERE IIII, OH SHITTTTTTT" I can feel my whole body shudder and shake with my climax. It is the most loving, the most pleasure I had ever experienced to this minute.

I held him as his ass pumped in and out. He was ramming his big cock in; I felt the tip of it deep inside way up inside hitting my cervix opening. Then it happen, I can feel his cock start to swell up, some how get bigger then it started to throb and throb. He was shooting his sperm inside of me. I was still in the throws of my own climax when he started to shoot inside me it triggered something more in myself. I locked my feet behind him and using my legs I held him tight, I mean he could not move to save his life. I wanted every drop of his sperm, every stinking slimy hot fucking drop of his sperm. I had to have it. I peaked so fast and it was like I had never climaxed in my life before this moment.

Our mouths locked together as we both moaned and rocked in our climax together. I was taking hard deep breaths through my nose, so was he. My whole world was around this wonderful mans dick. I wanted to stay like this forever, I felt Pete start to pull away. Then I had another thing inside me, oh before I could think about it, it happened, I was going to cum and I wanted it real bad. I desired John too last, I mean I did not want him to hurry and shoot his sperm. I wanted him, Oh hell, I can't explain it, All of a sudden I wanted to feel another climax, and I wanted John take me there, I wanted him to take me back to that place I just came from.

VOTE Feel free to write me.