 I noticed some one walk out of the mess hall as I was coming back with the bread. I moved to a table and they started in as soon as I was in reach. I put both baskets down and laid my upper torso on the table. I felt the fingers, and climaxed again with in seconds. I heard a cheer go up and looked around. It was the man walking back. He had a couple of things that I recall seeing in the closet. Both of them where bouncing as he walked to me. Some of the guys started yelling, "yea, lets see how she like those", Oh fuck, she'll go crazy now" and a lot of other things all running together. I felt him move up behind me and the hands withdraw. I felt something push against my opening to my vagina and I felt this cold thing slide in. It felt mind-boggling. It felt filling but most of all it-felt great. No, more than great. It felt wonderful.

After a few minutes I felt it come out and it was placed against my asshole. I was relaxed because of the fingers working in me there and I felt it slowly go inside of me. There was two feelings all at once coming from my ass. One was of discomfort (not pain) and the other was wanting to feel what it would be like to feel it fuck me like the fingers were doing. I felt another thing at my pussy opening again and it slid in. this one seemed so much bigger. Maybe it was because of the one they had in my ass. Whatever the reason, I felt like I was stuffed. The guy or guys started fucking me with them, and I started climaxing with in two to three strokes. 

I was screaming out "YES, YES, OH FUCK, FUCK, GOD, FUCK, FUCK, OH SHIT, I LOVE IT, I LOVE IT, FUCK, FUCK, OH, OH, OHHHHH, OHHHH, GIVE IT TO ME, GIVE IT TO ME. I knew it was my voice, I knew what I was saying; yet I was so disgusted with myself because I loved this feeling so much.

I have no idea how long they fucked me with those things I remember my legs shaking so much and after a long while my pussy and asshole became numb to them. I felt I could not climax anymore and just laid bent over the table until they pulled those things out of me. The last table was yelling at me to come over to them. I some how stood up and with wobbly legs made my way to them. When I got there. One big man grabbed me by the waist and sat me on the table. With dishes being pushed out of the way, he laid me back on my back.

I heard him tell someone to bring him the dicks as he called them. He lifted my legs and I thought I was going to get fucked in spite of what Bud had said. I closed my eyes and lay there numb from my groin down. I felt one of the "dicks" being placed at my asshole again and felt it slide in. he started fucking me with it and then I felt the most wonderful feeling I had ever felt. I felt a very warm feeling right at my pussy opening. I knew instantly what it was. It was a mouth. This guy was using his mouth down there. What I thought was the most disgusting thing in this world was giving me the most unbelievable feeling I have ever experienced. 

It was a warm glow, a lovely glow, I could feel two things going on down there and both brought pleasure to me that I would have never thought was possible.

Again I climaxed; I climaxed hard and very long. When I was climaxing this man was shoving the rubbed dick in my asshole so fast, so hard I felt like I was going nuts. I loved it, between his mouth and that dick I was bouncing on the table. Guys were standing all around cheering us on. I must have had all I could take because after a very hard, very long very wonderful climax, I just laid there relishing and basking in the after glow of the feeling. 

He stopped and pulled out the dick. I was so wet I thought I must have peed all over him and myself. I came back to reality and instantly became enraged at myself to allow my body to betray me. To actually enjoy those filthy things that these men where doing to me. Someone helped me up and I went and got the six large bowls of pasta for each table. 

When I went to the first table it started all over again. Only this time every table used the rubber dicks in me. This time I did not feel any climaxes until the last table. What I did feel made me sick to my stomach. I felt joy, happiness, good; real good that these filthy perverse men wanted to make me climax so much. And all the filthy talking. They all told me how they could not wait to fuck me, to have me wrap my mouth around their cocks, nasty stuff like that. Some guys talked about how big their dicks where, others started to eat. At he last table I had a climax but nothing at all like the ones earlier. As I walked away I realized just how sore I was. My holes were not sore. My clit was. I was way to lubricated in both holes for them to be raw. I guess of the two, my asshole was a little sore after all.

I went to the kitchen and started to wash the dishes I kept my back to the men. I was crying to myself for allowing my body to enjoy such filth. I could not wait to get out of here to safety and call the police. I wanted all these men punished for what they did to me. For showing me that my body craved such filthy pleasure. I stood at the large sink and heard them talking about me. Men trying to pay the three guys I had to screw tomorrow just to get at me. They started coming in, and almost every one came up behind me and kissed the back of my neck, as they would reach around and feel my still hard nipples. Once and a while one would slide his hand down between my legs and give me a quick finger in my asshole since it was the easiest to reach.

One guy came up behind me and started kissing my neck, then around my ear lobes. With all the attention it was working on me again. What he did next really made me moan with desire. I felt him reach down between us. And I could hear his zipper being slid down. I knew he was not allowed to fuck me, yet I felt excited by the thought of it. I felt this dick pressing against the crack of my ass; he just pumped it in my crack. He was not trying to bend it down and put it in me. He just pumped it in the crack of my ass. I heard Bud bellow "Hey Jimmy, not until tomorrow. Wait until tomorrow" Jimmy yelled back, "I ain't fucking her, I got it in the crack of her ass". Bud yelled, "Ok, but wait till tomorrow to slide it in". Jimmy kept pumping and it was staring to drive me crazy. It was getting to me. I started moving my ass around trying to grip him in between them. I kept moving my ass all around trying to get in a position that it would make it accidentally slide in. I tried to arch my back; I leaned on the sink and bent over a little pushing him and myself back. 

Jimmy knew what was going on, and started to move with me, he had his hands holding my tits, working my nipples and I felt the tip of his cock hit my butt hole. How it slid in so easy is a mystery to me, but it slid in and with in two maybe three stokes I could feel his cock pulse, I knew he was cumming and emptying himself in me. I was biting my lip, not wanting to give him away. I felt him pull out, and I swear I felt a rush of wind fill my butt hole. Bud yelled out "I told you not to fuck her Jimmy" Jimmy yelled back "I didn't, I just shot off between her cheeks. Ask Penny" Bud yelled, "Is that right Penny?" I pushed myself away from the sink and turned around. With a very excited trembling voice I said, "No, he didn't fuck me, he just rubbed himself and came in the cheeks of my ass" Jimmy gave my tits a kiss each and then kissed me. He kissed me deep and I felt limp. He said, "Thank you honey, I can't wait till tomorrow." I responded to his kiss and to his remark. I said "me to"

Jimmy left and as he walked away, another guy walked up behind me. He did the same as Jimmy. And before Bud said a word He yelled out. Don't worry Bud, I'm in the crack of her cheeks" as he said cheeks I had maneuvered my asshole to the end of his dick. I shoved back and down and it slid in I ground my ass against his groin. I moaned, he moaned, and climaxed. This went on and on with man after man. It took me three hours to do the dishes. I think every man there fucked me in my asshole that first night. And to my surprise, I was not sore, I was not mad; I was just a willing partner, hiding the fact that they were fucking my asshole from Bud.

Many times that evening I had to run to the bathroom to I felt like I had to poop bad. I have to say as enjoyable would be true; to say my butt hole hurt is not true. It was numb; I think the hole would never close again. It seemed like it was just broke. It felt like it was wide open. And sperm was running down my inside thighs and right onto the insides of the pants I had on.

I still hated every crummy man there, however I would be lying if I said I did not like all the attention, all the nasty sex, and all the kissing. Some of them stunk to high heaven, while others were not bad at all. By the time I finished cleaning up the kitchen, I was beat, my legs hurt, my lower back hurt, and all I could think of was sleep. I checked the menu and found that I had to serving breakfast at 6:00 that meant I had to start cooking at 5:am. I went to my room, oh by the way, I did not tell you, there is no door to my room. Just a light blue curtain hanging at the doorway.

I took a much needed shower, I no longer cried about my situation any more, I just resolved myself to make it through this next 6 months and call the police, the FBI and a great attorney. This company and these men will pay dearly for this abuse. I came out of the shower and found $3,400.00 sitting on my bed. All in %100.00 bills, I looked at it and could not believe it. I put on another new pair of stockings and a teddy. I looked for some sort of robe, I should have known better; I picked up the money and walked out to the day room. I had whistles, and all kinds of complements. I stood there and every one got quiet. I showed them the money and asked them "what is this for?" 

One of the guys said "It's for you honey, it is our way of saying thank you for keeping our secret when you know, we rubbed ourselves against your sweet cheeks" Every one broke out in a laugh. Another added, "Anyway, what are we going to do with it? It's only a $100.00 bucks each, we make $2500.00 cash a day; I think Henry left you $500.00. He is always giving more" 

Another shouted out "keep it honey, by the time you leave here, you'll be not only well fucked, but well off" I know my face turned beat red; I turned and walked back to my room. I turned off the light and laid down. I fell right to sleep. I started to dream and it was a very explicit nasty dirty dream, I was dreaming about caring on what went on in the dining room. I was dreaming of being screwed and I felt right on the brink of a climax when I woke up. There was a hand between my legs, rubbing my clit. I opened my legs more and my pussy was so wet I could hear the sloshing from his fingers going in and out. I lifted my legs up and open. The man in the dark pulled his fingers out, got on the bed and slid into me. He fucked me hard, real hard, he whispered not to moan that the others would hear. I bit my lip, and my body shook as a very hard climaxed raced through my body. It was the most mind-blowing climax I had ever had. (Considering that the only climax I have ever had in my life was just less than 12 hours ago)

I felt him jerk his body and shove his cock in deep. He moaned softly and pulled out. I felt him leave and I laid there my mind was racing a mile a minute, on top of everything that was happening I realized I was horny, I was hot, and I wanted so much for some other man to walk into my room to fuck me, any man. No one came I turned on my side and cried myself back to sleep. I don't really know why it was I cried, was it because no one did come in after him, or because I was trapped here and anyone could come in my room and rape me anytime they wanted. I do not know.

The alarm rang, and I got up, before I went to the shower I noticed $1,000.00 on my nightstand. I picked it up and put it in my top dresser drawer. Here I was there less than 24 hours and had $6,400.00. I was in a daze and in a matter of minutes I was rethinking just how much I hated these guys. I took a shower and put on another new pair of stockings. I decided to put on a sundress. When I put it on it was not long enough to really be a dress. It was maybe 2 Inches past my crotch. The garter and stockings stuck out like a sore thumb; I went to the kitchen.

I did not expect to see anyone, however I had about six guys in there. I made small talk, and made a fresh kettle of coffee for them. Jimmy was one of the men. He said "I have been waiting all night for you, today is my day along with John here and Pete. He's still asleep, but I want you now" do you want it here, or do you want to go to your room" My mouth must have dropped. I knew I was to do three guys this day, but God, he didn't even want to give me time to make breakfast. John spoke up and said, "Yea, we flipped a coin and fucking Jimmy won, he won't even share you. You better take him to the room, I think if you do it out here, all your going to do is piss off the other guys that can't screw you today"

My mind was racing again. "Piss the other guys off, yea, good!" I thought to myself, that I would love! Yes, piss off all these bastards that are making me a sex slave. I said, "well, if you can't wait until after I make breakfast, I want to do it right here. Right over there on the table" I walked over to a dining table, laid back on it, lifted my legs and waited for Jimmy to come fuck me. I told myself to be dead as a cold fish. I surly did not want this son-of-a-bitch to think he was giving me any kind of pleasure. 

Jimmy walked up dropped his pants and when I looked down I saw the largest dick I have ever seen. It was hard, it was fat, and God was it long. He said, "I always get first dibs one the new wife. Everyone thinks that if you can take this, you can take anyone here. As he started stuffing my vagina, he muttered "after all Penny, you had this up your ass last night, Remember?" I could feel my vagina being filled more than I have ever had. I could feel him hitting my cervix with every plunge. That made me shudder with excitement, his cock was so deep, stretching me, filling me, and pounding me hard.

I lost it; I tried not to let him know how wonderful he was making me feel. It was to no avail. By his third or fourth stroke I was moaning and clutching him as close as I knew how. I wrapped my legs around his lower back and was pulling him forward with every stroke. I don't know who was fucking whom. Sure he was on top, but there is no way I was letting go of him. I shuddered, and I swear my mind was melting. I could only think how fat his cock was; I pictured it filling me. I was standing outside my body cheering him on. How many minutes went by before I started to loose it I have no idea. What I mean by loosing it is simple, his cock flipped my mind, and I became a sex crazed cock hungry bitch in heat. I started to tell the son-of-a-bitch to fuck me, and then I was screaming at him with pleasure. I heard my voice I was loud, I did not know how loud till much later, but I was screaming at him.

FUCK ME YOU BASTARD, FUUUUUUUCK MEEEEEEEEEEEE. GIVE IT TO ME, HARDER, HARDER, YEEEESSSSS, OH FUCK YES, FUCK ME BABY, FUCK ME, I was holding him and rocking hard to meet every inch and thrust. He kept fucking; he was like a machine. He was slamming me hard, and fast. I could hardly catch my breath. I could not allow this man to pull out of me, I just couldn't. I loved this feeling. No one and I mean no one ever fucked me like this. I never fucked like this. I never had any man want me as bad as this guy did. I am most ashamed to admit I have never wanted anyone to fuck me, as I wanted him to fuck me. 

When I laid on my back I wanted to piss the other guys off, and I ended up loosing my own mind to this man and his huge cock. I felt his cock swell up inside of me. I mean it actually increased in size, as he was getting ready to shoot his sperm into me. I had only one climax, however it lasted I think 8-10 minutes if not more. I was so lost in this passion that I started biting his shoulder as he pounded in and out of me. I moaned, and moaned, and moaned I could not think of anything what so ever. All I could do was bath in the bliss of this man's love making. Oh I know it was not love. It was pure healthy, nasty fucking. I was this man's sperm bank waiting for his deposit. What made me so bad was. I loved every filthy minute of this. 

I felt him shoot and empty himself into me and I could feel the sides of his cock pulse against the inside of my stretched vagina walls. The end of his cock was pushing hard up against my cervix. The warmth, the wave of pure pleasure shot thorough my body with every pulse from his cock. Wave after wave of pure lust and pleasure shot through my whole body. I held my legs tight against the small of his back and pulled him forward as hard as I could. He was locked in the middle of my legs. I had gasp for air so hard my mouth was dry, yet I felt drool running down the right side of my mouth. All this time I had my eyes clasp tightly shut. As He stopped moving I just laid there. I heard a voice say "Whew' did you see that? Man, she is the hottest woman I have ever seen." Bud added "She is the hottest woman we have ever had up here in over 3 years" 

Another said, "She must be a pro. No woman loves sex like that, no woman" his words brought me back to reality. I opened my eyes and looked around. Everywhere I looked was a hungry sex craved man. Seeing them brought me back to reality. I had been used again. I lost myself over to this sexual demon in my body. I had no control over this sick desire now in me. Yet with all this going through my head I still did not want to unhook my legs and release Jimmy. He looked into my eyes and with a soft voice he said, "Never have I ever been so well fucked. I'll be back in this hot cunt of your in 10 days. Keep it hot for me will you baby?" 

I did not know how to respond. I did not know what to say. I did not want him to think that I derived pleasure from him, and there is no way I could convince anyone that I did not. He kissed me and flexed his cock in me. I moaned and kissed him as if he was the only lover I had ever known. I unhooked my legs and Jimmy pulled back. I hooked my heel on the edge of the table, and just as Jimmy was out of the way I was going to push myself up. I saw something go down between my legs and a mouth on it; I felt a warm tong licking all around my stretched open hole. I could hear the noise of some one licking and sucking up Jimmy's and my fluids. Ok, Ok, our combined cum together. I herd voice say. I can't wait till noon, I want some of that now, get out of my way" I felt the person eating me get pulled away and I felt a cock being guided into me. This poor guy must have been ready to climax because he was just like my Matt. Two strokes and he shoot his load. 

The only difference between Matt and with this man is, With Matt I did not feel unsatisfied. (Since I never experienced satisfaction how could I?) However, with this guy, I did feel cheated. For the very first time in my life I wanted a dick in me, I wanted to climax while a guy was fucking me. I was let down. All he did was just make me hornier and give me the desire that another would take his place. He pulled out and I could feel the sperm oozing out of me, running down the crack of my ass. 

Someone helped me up and I tried to walk to the kitchen. Tried I said because after one step I almost fell down. My legs were week, my inner thighs felt stretched and sore. One of the guys pulled out a chair and I sat down. I was so ashamed; as I sat there tears welled up in me. My mind kept telling me that I did not want this; I did not desire this, these men are sick. They are all no good; I did not do anything to deserve this. Once the lust left me I was a sick, miserable captive woman. 
