 It is a beautiful, warm late night, and you are just getting home from somewhere. You call out Jane’s name, but she doesn’t answer. After searching the house, you look out the upstairs window, and see her silhouette in the pool below. But she isn’t alone. We are floating on our backs, eyes closed, relaxing. You decide to join us in the heated pool, and sneak out the back door to surprise us. 

As you approach the pool, you see that we am naked, and slowly caressing ourselves.. You quietly sit on the steps of the pool to watch. My nipples are standing erect, poking out of the water, reaching for the breeze that feels cold against them. Floating there, I slide my hand down my belly to my crotch, and rub my clit before parting the lips of my pussy and pushing it in. As my body stiffens at the contact, I sink under the water, holding my breath for as long as I can before I come back up. 

As I break the surface of the water and take a breath, Jane reaches for me. She pulls me against her and passionately kisses me, sliding her tongue into my mouth, exploring and tasting every part of it. I suck on her tongue, getting really turned on by her passion.

We both stand up, and I take her tits in my hands, caressing them, tweaking them, then taking first one, then the other in my mouth. I suck each nipple erect, feeling it pucker in my mouth, before moving up her chest to her mouth again. I french kiss her as our tits float on the water, gently rubbing against each other. The friction is unbearable, and she pulls me closer. 

Our pussy mounds are rubbing together under the water as we gyrate against each other. I slide my hand down under the water and find her clit...watching her face as I first touch it with my finger. She jumps…then her eyes close as I rub it, gently and slowly at first, then faster. She catches her breath and leans back in the water. 

As her torso floats away from me, I pull her legs up over my arms, and bring her pussy up out of the water. I kiss the inside of her leg…then the other leg…before kissing her clit. I suck it into my mouth and circle my tongue around it. I feel it growing and flick it harder. I slide my tongue down her slit and back up, flattening it as I push it against her. She pulls her legs up over my shoulders and I bury my face in her pussy…sucking on her swollen pussy lips and then thrusting my tongue inside her. I cup her ass cheeks and find her asshole with my fingers. Because the water is warm, my finger slides right in, and I fuck her with my tongue and finger until she cums…she bucks so hard that she sinks under the water and I have to let go of her. 

I am startled to see you sitting on the steps, your very hard cock in your hand, but I don’t say anything. When Jane resurfaces her back it to you. I take her hand and guide her to the side of the pool…she knows it is my turn! I lean back on the side of the pool, and she takes over. She kisses me…very passionately…while holding my tits in her hands. She rubs my nipples between her thumbs and fingers gently, then harder as the kiss deepens. As the kiss ends, she nibbles on my neck…giving me shivers. I am watching you over her shoulder…knowing that you can hardly wait!! That just makes it that much hotter.

She lowers her head and sucks on my nipples, first one then the other. She pulls as much of my big tit in her mouth as she can, sucking it hard. She is like a starving baby, sucking like she can’t get enough. She spreads my ass cheeks and finds my asshole with her hands, and sticks her finger in my ass. I push back, making sure it goes in as far as it can. Using my arms, I lift myself out of the water, onto the decking, and lay back with my legs in the water. 

She slides her shoulders under my legs and lifts them up, zeroing in on my pussy with her mouth. I moan out loud as she finds my clit, and put my hands on each side of her head. She sucks my clit, then licks and flicks it with the tip of her tongue. I buck my hips up and down as she licks my slit and fucks my pussy. 

You can’t stand it anymore and slide silently into the water, coming up behind Jane. 

She is so wrapped up in what she is doing, and so hot that she doesn’t take notice of you when you first touch her. As you slide your rock hard cock between her legs, she jumps and freezes. As you rub against her, you whisper in her ear how much you love her and what she is doing to me. As you reassure her, you wrap your arms around her and hold her tits in your hands, tweaking her nipples and nibbling on her neck. She relaxes against your chest and goes back to fucking me with her tongue. 

You slide your hand down her belly to her crotch, and find her clit. As you rub it, she rotates her hips in the water and opens her legs. You thrust your cock into her waiting pussy, and she moans into my pussy. I cum on her tongue, my pussy sucking her tongue deeper inside me. She cums…her pussy sucking your cock as she rides it in the water. Somehow, you manage to hold back, not wanting to be done yet. I slide back into the water, and Jane says she want to watch us together. We don’t hesitate, and she sits on the step, fingering her pussy and licking her lips. 

You are standing on the bottom, holding me up, and I wrap my legs around you, feeling your cock against my pussy. I gyrate my hips with your cock between us, rubbing your balls against me. You trail kisses down my throat and across my chest as you lay me down to float in the water again. I cross my ankles behind you and float against you as you cup my tits in your hands and my nipple in your mouth, sucking first on one, then the other.

I shiver as the air hits my wet skin. You float me over to the step, where I can rest on my head in Jane’s lap, and untangle my legs from around you. Supporting my butt cheeks in your hands, you lower your head and kiss my wet belly, raising my hips farther out of the water, until your lips touch my clit. You look up at Jane and see the passionate reaction in her eyes. I moan as your tongue flicks it and slides down between my pussy lips, darting in and out of my pussy. 

Jane is sitting so close, and she can’t stand to be left out. She kisses me and then sucks on my tits again, first one then the other, over and over again. You take your time, tasting and teasing every wet part of my pussy, kissing and licking up and down before sliding in again, as far as your tongue can reach. You bury your face in my pussy, and I bring my legs together over your shoulders, not wanting you to stop. 

Your thumb finds my asshole, and slowly works its way inside. The warm water is very relaxing, and it doesn't take long until it is in all the way. With your tongue in my pussy, and your nose rubbing my clit, I start to cum as you fuck me with your thumb and tongue. My hips gyrate against your face and hands as my muscles contract. You suck and slurp at my pussy until the spasms stop, then smile at Jane as you let me sink in the water.

You pull me to you and pull my legs up around you again, as your cock finds my pussy and you poke the head in. As your cock slides into my pussy, your tongue slides into my mouth and I taste my pussy on your lips. I feel your balls floating against my ass as I sit completely down on your cock, and I start moving my hips in and out, riding your cock. My pussy squeezes your cock, hugging it and sucking it as I go up and down. When it is as big and hard as it can get, I let go with my legs and pull away from you. 

You roll me over so my hands are resting on the steps, and my face is in Jane’s crotch again. You rub my asshole with your fingers as you slide you cock back into my pussy. As my asshole relaxes, you stick first 1, then 2, then 3 fingers up my ass, fucking in and out and feeling your cock in my pussy. I suck on Jane’s clit and then fuck her pussy with my tongue in rhythm with your cock. 

Pulling your cock out of my pussy, you push the head in my ass as you remove your fingers. I push back against you and let your cock slide all the way into my ass, squeezing and relaxing as it slides in. You grab my hips and pump in and out, fucking my ass hard until you are about to cum. Your pace has Jane about to explode, as my tongue thrusts in and out of her pussy as you pump. Before you can finish, I pull away again, and take your cock in my hands, rubbing up and down, pulling you toward the steps while cleaning it at the same time. 

I push you down on the steps, back on your elbows, until your hard throbbing cock is sticking up out of the water. I quickly take it in my mouth, all the way to the back of my throat, and pick up where you left off. I suck it hard and pump it in and out as you raise your hips and pick up the pace, fucking my mouth until you can't hold it anymore. You cum...hard, and I pull off as the cum shoots into the air, coming down on Jane’s pussy and shaved mound. 

I use my tongue to lick all the cum off Jane and then share it with her in a kiss. We all fall away from each other, and move to sit on the step. With you in the middle, an arm around Jane and one around me, Jane finally introduces us. I am sure glad to meet you!!!