 He did cum and pulled out, Jimmy said something to him before he got on the bed and grabbing his thing aiming it into my waiting hole. When Jimmy took his turn I lost myself in the sex. I had a total of 8 orgasms with these three wonderful men. What am I saying, my mind must be going. I can't like these men, these men are using me for their sexual pleasure, it's just like rape isn't it? (I asked myself) I know, I am going nuts, one minute I love them, the next I can't stand them. Then I thought, no, it's my own vagina betraying me. Taking over my body with it's own sick sexual desires. GOD, I hated my own vagina right now. What I really hated was, when they all left my room, I still desired more climaxes. I kept asking myself what had these men done to me? Why did I desire more sexual pleasure? I lay there on my back, my legs where sore from my using them to help the guys fuck me.

I just let them fall, and fell asleep again. I started to dream of some of the most sick, vile sex imaginable. I was dreaming of have guys fucking me one right after another. I dreamed of abusing Bud, and having the men here fuck and abuse him. I started dreaming of Matt. It was a very hot dream of Matt and me having wild sick nasty sex. As I was about to climax, I woke up. I was in the dark, my legs where spread wide open and there was a guy licking me between my legs. On waking up I climaxed, and climaxed very hard. He was using his fingers in me and his mouth on and in my hole, he was working my clit, it was pure heaven. 

I heard my own voice calling to him as I was pulling his head up from between my legs "Fuck me, please fuck me, I want you" I was pulling him up and he slid in. Oh what a way to wake up. This man had a beard, it was soft, and as he fucked me we kissed. It was tender kisses, hot kisses, deep kisses, his cock was perfect. Not too long, not too short, just perfect. I was so ready that I started to climax again and again the second it slid in, then to have him pumping in and out only brought my pleasure to a higher plain.

I have no idea how long he fucked me, or how long I stayed at my sexual climax. All I know is, when he did pull out the pleasure stopped. I was disappointed and tired. I fell right back to sleep. When I woke up, I found $900.00 on my nightstand. I figured it was tips from the guys and my midnight visitor. I put it in my safe, changed and went to the bathroom. I started to take a shower, I felt sticky, sweaty, and I could smell myself down there.

I turned on the water, and sat to pee. Before my ass hit the seat, a hard cock came through the hole. I said to myself "don't these guys know I get tired" I reached for it, I started to stroke and suck it. It did not take long he exploded with a gush of sperm. He pulled out dropped a Bill. I reached for it and as I sat up another one was there sticking through the hole. This happen over and over, when I finished my jaw was sore, my hand was sore and I put $1,300.00 in the safe. Now I did not have time to take my needed shower. I left the red stockings on and picked another short sundress.

I started breakfast and Bud came in. he said "Well it appears that you are enjoying your new job, you seem to have taken to it like a fish to water" I looked at him and said nothing. My mind was racing. I was going to make him pay for what he has done to me. I blame him and this company that we worked for, I did not know how I could make them pay, but I sure was working out a plan to make this son-of-a-bitch pay. I said "Let's just say I have adapted, and I want to see you here at 9:30, be prepared to get fucked" I turned my back to him and went back to work.

I met my three new "husbands for the day", we had a morning toss, and I made all three eat my stinky nasty cum crusted pussy. I got a huge thrill out of making them do that before I would let them fuck me. Oh I did climax and I did love everything we did. But doing that some how made me feel a little more in control. After breakfast, I made a fast clean up, made beds and started the laundry by 9:30 when Bud showed up. When he did, I was ready.

He came in the door and I stood there in my black leather corset, leather garter, and leather bra with openings for my nipples to stick through. I wore the high heels that I had seen Mary where. I had a black leather suit with an attached hood in my hand. I was mad, all I can think about is my revenge, because of that, I felt bold and I was going to make this bastard squeal like a pig. I said "stop right there you pig" he did, then I said "peal every thing off, and do it quickly!" he did, I threw the hood in front of him and said "pick it up, put it on, zip it up" 

Bud did as I told him and stood there all in this black leather suit. The only shin visible was the wide-open crotch and his hands and feet. The black hood only had one opening, and that was a big hole for his mouth. Nothing for his eyes, nothing for his nose, Just his mouth, I grabbed the pair of black gloves and told him to put them on, then I had him put on some black socks. I walked to him, took his arm and led him to my room. I took him to my bed and bent him over the end of it. I used the leg manacles that I had found, and the cuffs on two long chains to hook his arms spread out. What a site, I did not know if I should laugh or feel sorry for him for what I was about to do to him. He did not move, he did not say a word. Bent over like that showed his bare ass, his hanging balls and of course his dick. What a sight, I mean, I loved looking at his ass sticking up over the end with his head and face on the bed, and his ass cheeks spread wide open for my free access. I have to tell you, I was pleased with myself for this.

I knelt down between his spread legs even more to get access. I took his cock that was rock hard in my mouth. He moaned as I began to stroke and suck it. I felt he was close to climaxing so I stopped. I got up, grabbed the paddle and started hitting him hard. I don't mean stinging him, I mean I was hitting him so hard I was afraid I would break the handle. He started yelling and cursing me moving around trying to get loose from the iron cuffs on him. I stopped, knelt and started in on his dick again. It did not take long to get him hard and ready to climax again. I pulled away and started hitting him again. I did this three times.

The forth time I got him hard I reached for the butter I had ready and worked some into his ass. I coated his ass, fingered his asshole. He was moaning and pushing back on my hands and fingers. I stopped and went back to work on his dick. This time when I stood up I reached for the biggest rubber cock I found in my closet. I brought it to his ass, and started the head in. Once it was in, with one fast hard shove I jammed it in. Bud yelled. I thought the glass would shatter because of his scream. I started to fuck him. Oh no, it was not slow, it was almost sadistic. I was taking out all my pain this man gave me, out on him.

I could hear him crying. I could not resist, I said "why are you crying pussy boy, you know you wanted me to fuck you. You want me to treat you like Mary did don't you bitch?" I did not wait for an answer. I went on "you are going to regret the day I ever set foot here. You are going to wish you never heard of my name. And most of all for the next six months you are going to regret you ever showed me what Mary did to you. You see I found your hidden camera room. You thought your key was safe. Too bad you did not put it in your safe. Hiding it behind your picture was stupid, I wasn't even looking for it, but then you have to be the most stupid man on earth." 

I reached down and found his dick, it was hard, but it was also about half the size it was when I had him ready to climax. He was still crying and I could feel him now pushing back as I fucked him. I knelt down again and took his cock in my mouth another time. The crying stopped and he was moaning loud. He started to thrash back and forth between my hand fucking him with the rubber cock and my mouth. I knew he was close and I stopped. I pulled out the rubber dick and he began to plead. Begging and pleading to let him climax. I said "I have your video tapes of Mary fucking you, and the ones where she has 16 guys fuck you. And with you taking her place at the wall sucking the guys off. Now who is in charge here?" I waited. I went and grabbed the whip. I made it crack. Bud must have tried to jump 10 feet in the air. I said almost yelling "Who the fuck is now in charge here you son-of-a-bitch" I heard him softly say "you are" I took aim and with three fast licks hit his bare ass. I could see the welts across his ass. He was jumping, crying, yelling and I said "calm down bitch, one more word and you get three more. He did not stop, so I whipped him 1,2,3. I then said "you can cry, but don't say another fucking word, not one!" 

Bud just sobbed. I said, "What's the matter my little bitch, want mama to make it feel better?" I slid the rubber dick back inside and started working on his dick again. It took some time, but I had him moaning and bucking back and forth again. I kept fucking him, pulling my mouth off I asked "you like that don't you fucking bitch? You like this cock in your ass don't you cunt? I waited for an answer. He did not say anything, he just moaned as I fucked him. I said very loud. "Answer me you fucking bitch, if you don't, I'll whip you raw." He then said, "Yes, yes I love it" I then asked, "do you want me to get the guys to fuck you like Mary did bitch?" Bud said "yes, yes please, but I don't want them to know it is me" I went back to his dick taking him right to the edge of a climax. I smiled to myself, I had him read perfect I now controlled him, and he gave me the key I needed. I had him right where I wanted him and on top of that, he was about ready to climax.

I stopped stood up, and said. "Oh Gee, look at the time, I got to get lunch on" Bud started to thrash all around trying to get loose. He was yelling "let me loose, unhook me" I said, "Shut your mouth, you do not tell me what to do. Stop trying to get free, you can't, relax calm down. Think of all the guys that I am going to get to fuck you. Think of all the guys I am going to have stick their cocks in your mouth and down your fucking throat. Right now, I am going in to make lunch; you are going to stay right here, bent over the bed, ready to get fucked. I may come back in a while and fuck you some more or I may just have the guys' line up to do it for me. I have not decided yet."

I went to the kitchen and worked on a plan as I made everything ready. I knew I would not have all the men in there at the same time, so that gave me some leeway. I had to make sure that no one would even suspect that my bent over boy was Bud. I knew to do this I had to give Bud an excuse to be gone during lunch and maybe the night. For the first time since I had been here (what, a whole three days now) I felt good inside. I could not help but smile at myself as I stood there dressed sexy as hell, with my vagina and anus most likely still with sperm in them. I looked back on these three days, everything I had experienced and learned about myself. I stood there realizing that I knew how to get Matt back for his cheating on me. When I get out of here and back to him, things were going to be different. Once I was a meek simple housewife, now, well, that shall I say, will never be the same.

I had everything ready for the men when they came in. I had a lot of things working for me, I knew that the men worked all over in the huge plant next door as well as those working outside in the cold. I also knew that everyone was new there except bud, and everyone was still new to each other so I am pretty sure no one would miss Bud provided I could come up with a great excuse as to why they would not be seeing him around. On top of that I had to come up with an idea to entice the guys to screw another guy. Now that I felt would be the hard part. I feel that is the hardest thing to overcome.

The guys came in grabbed the sandwiches and other things some sat around others took the food to the day room and some to their rooms I guess. I did not say a word until I heard a man ask another "have you seen the boss?" The other said "no." I took a deep breath and said "Oh Bud stopped in right before lunch and said he would be gone for a few hours. He was taking something and go see a friend in the village." One man said "good, he's a pain in the ass anyway, I hope he stays there for 6 months." A lot of men broke out in laughter; I heard the word pass as guys filtered in and out. About 9 of them came up to me, felt my ass and kisses the back of my neck. Every one said something to the effect that they could not wait to make love with me. I ground my ass back against them and I told every one "Meet me in the day room after lunch, Bud's away, he won't be back till after super"

My three husbands for the day all wanted me; I did not want them in my room yet, so we did it on the kitchen cutting board. I also told them to meet me in the day room. Will, the lunch whistle blew and the kitchen was empty. I walked to the day room not knowing what to expect. I walked in and saw a room full of men. I counted heads and counted 18 men. I had a room full of catcalls and whistles. I walked so everyone could see me. I knew Pete, Jimmy, John, Chuck, and recalled the faces of almost all. I stood there in front of them and the room finely went quite. One man broke the silence with "Are we in for our first gang-bang Penny?" everyone waited for my answer. I said "yes and no, I have a proposition for you boys. You all know that unless I want it and invite it, you only get me once every 3 days. Here's my deal. I want you boys to do something for me. In the three days that I have been here, I have met one of you that like men, he likes to suck men, and likes them to screw him. It is my desire to make happy. Now you may ask, how this will effects you boys. 

This is it, if you help me with this, I will make love to you one at a time from 8 PM till 1 am. You don't have to leave money; I want to do this to please you boys. Since I do not sleep much, I will be able and can reward you with pure pleasure. Now you boys all know you can fuck me right? (I did not wait for an answer, I just kept talking) but unless I want it, that is all it is. Go with me on this and it will be heaven for you and myself. It won't be just a fast fuck, it will be you and I making love fucking our minds senseless"

VOTE Feel free to write me.