 "Wait there," you tell Eve. You walk over to Sarah and give her ass a sharp swat. She yelps with glee and moans when you squeeze the firm, sexy cheek with your fingers. "Sarah?"

"Yes, Master?" she asks, a huge smile on her face as she backs up to you. She rubs her gorgeous ass against your dick as you talk to her.

"Can you deal with this Eve situation? I was going to have her taste her own ass on my cock, but when she opened her mouth, she looked like she was disgusted! Teach her how to give a better blowjob. One of those innocent ones where she just wants to please. No more of this insubordination from her. I won't have it."

"Certainly, Master." She cocks her ass in your direction as she walks over to Eve. While she deals with that, you decide to continue where she left off with Rachel. You dip your head to her wet, swinging tits and start to suck, and before long you've got your cock in her cunt as well, sloshing up and down in the wetness that Sarah created. You're holding one of Rachel's legs up against your side to allow for maximum penetration, and you kiss her on her lips as you reach your peak speed. You feel her bulbous tits ballooning up against your chest, and relishing in the familiar feeling of an imminent orgasm, you shoot several jets of cum into her tight, slick pussy. You pull out and cum drips down her legs. She is still on the brink of cumming, and abruptly shouts at you, 

"Finish what you started, Goddammit!"

How rude. Well, she'll get what's coming to her.

In one motion, your entire hand slides up her wet cunt, wiggling back and forth as your thumb presses hard on her clit. You coat your hand in your own cum and fuck her with your fist. She screams and cums all through the pain, coating your hand in her own sweet nectar. You wipe your hand all over her face and her squeezable tits, covering her in cum—both yours and hers—then make her lick your hand for anything leftover. "Slut likes a fisting," you say to her, grinning. She is breathing heavily and does not respond. Her face and tits are, properly, all shiny with cum.

You approach Serena, who is pressed up against the glass now with her ass out. Four of your fingers plunge into her pussy, making her inhale sharply. You hook your thumb around her ass and pull upwards so that it jerks into the air. "Serena, clean this dirty girl up, for Christ's sake. Help her swallow what she can't reach." Serena tries to stand up, but your fingers are submerged far enough that she can't really stand fully while you're pulling her pussy up so hard. She tries again, to no avail. You smile at her and give her twat a swat, then leave her be as she walks to Rachel. "On your knees first." Serena obeys you, kneeling with her face up. Rachel moves over Serena and, grabbing her head, mashes her pussy into Serena's awaiting face. Serena suckles like a pig on all the cum still leaking from Rachel's pussy. "Good girl," you say. "Sarah's taught you well."

You turn to Maya next, who is surreptitiously checking her phone between her tits, as though that's not the first place you look whenever you see her. "Hey, bitch," you shout. "Take your nudes on your own time. Right now you're here for one purpose." Your dick is buried in her ass before she can even apologize, and she drops her phone to the ground as she steadies her body against the window. Her voluptuous tits bulge against the glass as she moans deeply. Lesbian or not, she loves the sensation of a stuffed asshole, and her ass cheeks wobble with each of your thrusts. You give her a few spanks just to make sure she's learned her lesson, then pull out. You really need to cum again.

You look back at Rachel, who is getting her cum-covered tits thoroughly licked by Serena, making her puffy, wet nipples stiffen. You order them both to get down on the ground while Serena continues licking. Rachel rests on her arms as she sits on the ground, and you have Serena recline in her lap, her head nestled between Rachel's tits. You squat over them both and shove your cock forcefully into Rachel's mouth. At the same time, you teabag Serena, and she sucks on your balls as you get closer and closer to cumming.

"Get ready...here...it...COMES!" You weave your fingers into Rachel's hair and pull her head all the way onto your cock as you unload in her warm mouth, filling her cheeks with hot cum. She moans as her lips lock around your cock, making sure not to let any cum escape. "Careful," you say. "Don't swallow it, you slut. I want you to save that for someone special."

Your plan fits nicely with the sight that greets you when you turn around: Sarah is laying on the bed with her legs splayed and her pert little tits up, and Gina is kneeling at the foot of the bed, her face buried in Sarah's beautiful, slutty cunt. While Sarah moans with pleasure and clutches the bed sheets, Gina gets her face sloppy and wet with pussy juices. Rachel stands up, mouth still full of cum, and walks over to the two girls fucking. Since Rachel has a mouthful of cum, you speak for her. "Girls, Rachel's got a little present for you."

Sarah's eyes snap open to see Rachel, naked, standing over her, with a stray drop of her favorite substance sliding down her chin. Sarah gets up off the bed and slowly licks the drop of cum from Rachel's face. "That tastes so good," Sarah says. "Open up." Rachel tilts her head up so as not to spill and opens her nearly-full mouth. Sarah sticks her cute nose inside and inhales the masculine aroma, making her swoon and moan again. "Gina, Gina honey, get up here. I want to taste you too." Gina rises, her curvy dancer's ass flexing beautifully as she stands, and presents her juice-covered face to Sarah. Sarah loves it even more, and kisses Gina full on the mouth.

"Someone likes the taste of her own pussy," Gina says, giggling. "But it's ok. I like how your pussy tastes too."

"You girls are in for a treat," you say, your plan developing more solidly in your head. You order them all into position, with Sarah and Gina kneeling on the bed, facing each other, each with a hand firmly cupping one of Rachel's massive tits, who is facing the two of them from the side. Sarah and Gina's remaining hands are each massaging the other's pussy, kneading and fingering as needed. The two begin to make out, sharing the wonderful taste of Sarah's pussy on Gina's puffy lips. After a few seconds, Gina gives Rachel's tit a hard squeeze, and Rachel responds by drooling a dollop of cum right onto Gina's forehead. The cum quickly travels down her nose, only to be sucked up by Sarah's suckling lips. Sarah intersperses licking Gina's face and making out with her, sharing the cum between their watering mouths. They swallow simultaneously, savoring the taste of cum in their throats, giggling quietly before resuming their make-out session. Sarah is the next to request cum, squeezing Rachel's tit in return for a small streak of cum just to the left of her nose. Sarah feels this isn't quite enough, so she impatiently pinches Rachel's nipple, only to get a huge glob of cum in her eyelashes. Gina's full, pouty lips are on her before she can blink, and they hungrily suck up the cum from Sarah's angular face. Sarah starts to make out with Gina again, only to realize that the younger girl's mouth is devoid of cum—she swallowed it all upon entry.

"You selfish little slut," Sarah says with complete admiration in her voice, as her fingers dig deeper into Gina's pussy. Her pinky wanders farther back and pushes itself very suddenly into Gina's tight, virgin asshole. Gina squeals and moans straight into Sarah's mouth, and they finger bang each other for several minutes, savoring the sensation of their slender fingers nestled inside each other's slick, wet cunts.

"I want more cum," Gina whispers to Sarah, and she begins to squeeze Rachel's bulbous tit energetically and repeatedly. Rachel leans over, but Sarah stops her.

"Wait a minute," Sarah says. "Gina, those tits look a bit dry, don't you think? Maybe we should get some cum on those next."

"Mm, good idea," Gina says, smiling, and proudly presents her young, full breasts out for Rachel. Sarah looks up with a sultry pouting expression at Rachel, then presents her own tits, rubbing them as though she were polishing their smooth, angelic surfaces. Gina tweaks her own dark red nipples as she cups her soft breasts with both hands.

Rachel leans in and presses her lips to Gina's nipple, sucking on it as she smears cum all over her tit. Gina moans in appreciation and rubs the cum into her breast as Rachel moves to Sarah, leaning over her cute tits and dribbling cum down onto them. Sarah, wanting to show her gratitude, reaches down to Rachel's pussy and wedges four fingers up her. To her delight, she finds that Serena did not completely cleanse Rachel's cunt of cum, and there is still a fair bit left waiting for them to play with. Sarah scoops the cum roughly from Rachel's pussy and gives it a quick taste. Though she desperately wants to suck each of her fingers clean, Sarah decides that the cum would suit Rachel's figure better. She wipes the backside of her hand across Rachel's face in one stroke, then squeezes Rachel's huge tit, smearing the remainder of the cum on her slutty, round jugs.

"I need to fuck this bitch," Sarah says. "Gina, honey, keep her occupied." 

...to be continued...

Sorry about the wait. I'll try and stay more on top of this series. Until next week, enjoy!