 I held his head with my hands and I had the heals of my feet on his back, I was not going to let him stop. When I finished my climax, I said. "Ok Bobby, you earned it, get up here and put it in me." Bob stood up; his dick was already out and was rock hard. He slid it in and was fucking me hard and fast. He was more than ready. He shot his load fast. When he finished he started to pull away. I held him and said "Oh no you don’t, you ain’t going anywhere until you lick your sperm off and out of me" I looked in his eyes and he said "do I have to?" I said "if you expect to ever get any more of this pussy you will lick me, and lick me clean. I do not want any running down my legs when I walk out of here."

Bob went to work, after a few minutes, he said "your all nice a clean, when will I see you again?" I sat up and said "Oh I don’t know, maybe tomorrow, maybe next week, but I will be back. Chester was at the door and said "we will be waiting" I noticed the time and it was 2:38, I came in around 10:00 am, no wonder I was so tired out and felt so weak. I walked out and got in the car, I started to go over in my mind what I was going to do to Matt. It was then that I got mad at myself, I should have not made Bob clean me out. It would have been so much better to have Matt lick and suck out all that sperm from my freshly fucked pussy. I reached for the key, and stopped. I got out and went back inside. I said to Chester "I told you I would be back."

I stood there and started telling Chester I screwed up by having Bob clean me out with his mouth. That I wanted to have a vagina full of men’s sperm when I went home. I told him that I wanted sperm oozing from both holes. I said "I really am tired, too tired to just stand up against a wall. I told Chester really wanted to do this, but my legs where killing me, what can I do?" 

Chester said "I have an idea, if you really want that, I could arrange one of the booths so you could lay on your back, and scoot up to a hole. The only problem is it will have to be a booth in the back with only one hole. I said "Good, I want that, but what about the men?" Bob said "Oh don’t worry about that, around 3:00 they start coming in, and around 4:00 this place will be full." I said well I sure hope by 4:30 I am full." We all laughed. I followed Chester back, and waited for him to fix the bench, he brought in a rather high one and set it up. I said "we need to test this out, how about testing it with me"

Chester left and went to the other side of the wall; he said "scoot a little closer, but your cunt right in the hole that’s it." I felt his fingers working my wet pussy, and then in he slid it in. I held my legs back and felt very comfortable. Chester fucked me for a while before shooting a small amount of sperm in me. He pulled out and said, "How was that Peggy?" I was getting use to that name and said, "It was wonderful." He said "stay there, you won’t have to wait long. Bob and I will make sure the guys know you are here." I said "no, don’t tell them it is me, just let them know there is a hot horny woman, I don’t want them to know it is Peggy the slut." Chester laughed as he walked out of the booth, I heard him say "don’t worry, they won’t care who you are. They only want to fuck a hot cunt" I heard his voice trail off. I reached down to feel myself I love to rub my clit and play with the sperm in me.

I heard voices in the distance and then the door to the booth on the other side of the wall open. I kept playing with my self and when I felt other fingers there I pulled back and scooted up closer to the wall. With legs bent back, I rested my feet flat on the wall. I used my hands to help push my bottom tight to the hole. I felt the fingers leave and a cock replace them. He started talking as he fucked me "Take this bitch, you fucking cunt, take this whore," he was slamming hard in the wall he was so hard I thought the wall would give. 

I heard him moan and he shoot a huge amount of sperm deep inside of me. He pulled out and said "you fucking whore" I heard him zip up his pants and walk out, with in a minute or two another person came in. This guy must have knelt down, because he started to lick my clit, and my labia. I moaned and said softly, "Please, please fuck me" he took his time, but he finely did as I asked. This went on over and over again some times I would get fucked two to three times in my asshole then 3-4 times in my vagina. A few times Chester came to the booth and asked "How you doing sweet heart?" I would tell him every time "just wonderful."

The last time he asked I said, "wonderful, let me know when it is 4:30. Chester said "Oh hell honey it is 4:45 right now." When the guy pulled out of me, I got up, my legs where asleep. It took a few minutes for the tingling to go away. I clenched my kegel muscles and my anus to hold in as much sperm as I could. I knew from past experience that this would work, I use to have Bud lay on his back, while I would squat over his face and empty my vagina into his open mouth. I fully intended on doing that to Matt in about an hour or so. Chester had to calm several guys down that wanted their turn. I helped him out by saying "Don’t worry boys, if everything works out as I hope, I’ll be back here tomorrow about lunchtime."

Chester asked as we walked to the door "where you serious, or where you just trying to calm them down?" I looked at him and said, "I am very serious, I will come back here to help you out later if you will help me tonight. I need 4 men that would love to fuck a hot ready asshole; I have a Pussy Boy that wants me to arrange a gang-bang for him. Are you interested?" Chester smiled and said "what time and where?" I told him about 7:00 and I told him I would call him and tell him where to send the men." He said "I will wait for your call and I will be seeing you tomorrow if not tonight" I said Yep, just as long as everything I have planned works out" I went to the car, got in and went home. 

It was 10 after 5 when I got home, I took out my outfit and the one I am going to have Matt wear. I put on my leather corset; it pushed up my tits showing my nipples. I put on my stiletto high heel shoes, my fish net stockings and my leather garter. I know wearing these made men hot as hell when they saw me like this. I laid out Mat’s leather suit; his hood and then fastened the chains I brought to each side of the bed. I figured that when this night was over, one of two things would happen. I would have total control over Matt, or I would be moving out getting a divorce. Either way I knew I would be a hell of a lot happier either way.

At 6:00 I was standing at the door, when Matt walked in I stood there legs apart, whip in hand. I said "do not say one word, go upstairs to the bedroom" I say his lips start to move and I cracked the whip. I said "I SAID NOT ONE FUCKING WORD, NOW GO." Mat looked at me, then started up the stairs I followed. As he walked in the bedroom, I said, "Go to the bed, strip, and put that on." Mat stopped looked at it then at me. A smile crept on his face and he started to strip. It took his some time because he was not use to wearing things like this. When he finished he asked, "Do you want me to wear the hood also?" I said "yes" he put it on, I led him to the end of the bed. I stretched his arms over the bed and hooked up the handcuffs. I moved to his feet and fastened them in place. Our bed is not like the one I was use to using, because it had a lower footboard. However it worked well exposing Mats ass, dick and balls. I asked threw the mask opening. "What’s next, are you going to whip me? I know I deserve it, but please don’t hurt me, please" 

I laughed; I laughed hard I said, "After what I have been threw since I caught you with that fucking slut you have the balls to beg me not to hurt you? You are out of your fucking mind. In fact if you had a mind you would have never let me get you into this kind of position. You are mine to do with, as I want. By tomorrow morning you will be my little Pussy Boy, or I will be out of your life forever. I am going to whip your ass, I am going to fuck your ass, and I am going to make you so fucking miserable wanting to climax, you will promise me anything I want." Mat started trying to break free of my bonds. It was hopeless, he started to yell, and I was prepared for that, I had it all figured out. After fighting with his moving head, I had a small rubber cock I placed in his mouth, and then I secured it by straps behind his head.

I took the whip and struck him right on the ass. It left a red welt right across it. I said, "That is for fucking another woman while married to me." I hit him again "that one is for hurting me."

"CRACK"

"that is for humiliating me in front of all of the people in your office."

"CRACK" That is for making me run away to hide."

"CRACK" That is for me being put into a position that I had to fuck 30 men day in and day out just to survive."

"CRACK" that is for them making sex movies of me fucking men. "CRACK" that is for my body now craving sex from men, many, many men. "CRACK" That is for you having such a small fucking prick that I now will not be satisfied with it. "CRACK" That is for every man around the world who is jacking off right now looking at me fucking in a gangbang. 

I stopped and realized that I was telling him everything that had happen to me since I left over 6 months ago. I looked at his ass, there where three stripes and they had blood in them. Mat was thrashing on the bed in pain. I suddenly realized it, I had lost it, it was his entire fault, and every thing that has happen to me since I caught him with her was his fault. I sat down on the edge of the bed, I started to cry, I did not want to tell him anything, yet here I just told him everything. I stopped crying, I knew that I had to make it better for him or this was all for nothing. I got off the bed, got down between his legs. He started to try and close his legs. He could not; I can only assume he thought I was going to hurt his little peewee. I put it in my mouth and loving massaged his balls.

He started to grow, his prick seemed to spring into life once he knew I was not going to hurt it. I worked it hard as a rock, and then I moved my mouth and lips around to the cheeks of his ass. I could hear him moan I pulled his cheeks apart and started to work on his asshole. I started tong fucking him, and stroking his cock at the same time. I kept him right on the edge of a climax. I stopped and Mat started to buck wanting more. I asked him. "What’s the matter baby, little mat want more?" I heard him moan. I said "I am going to let you talk, if you say anything to displease me, I’ll put your little cock back in your mouth" I got up, and untied the straps. Mat pushed it out of his mouth and said "I’m so sorry, so sorry" I said do you want some more little boy?" Mat said "yes, please"

I went back at work fucking Mats asshole with my tongue. I reached for his stiff dick and started working it; I moved my mouth to it. After putting K-Y on my fingers I used two of them, I started using them inside of him. As I did, Mat moaned and moaned. I felt him ready to shoot out his sperm and stopped sucking. I kept working his asshole and worked in three fingers. I pulled them out picked up this lovely rubber cock, I put the head in my mouth, getting it real wet and smeared Mats asshole with K-Y, and I brought it to his ass. I slowly pushed in, as I did Mat moaned louder. Once I had it all the way in, I went to work fucking his ass. I could tell he liked it, and I started sucking his cock again. I wanted to bring him right to the edge one more time, and then I would see just how much control I had over this man. 

I felt his cock start to swell up again ready to expel his sperm. I stopped, I stopped sucking and fucking him. I yanked out the dildo and said. I am going to release your feet only, when I do you will flip over onto your back ok?" I heard Mat say "Yes, ok, Oh please don’t stop, let me cum please." I said "don’t worry little boy, mama will let her baby cum. Ok, now your feet are free, stand up, ok, now flip, There now raise your legs up, higher my little baby." I had to help him, he was on his back I got on the bed and grabbed his feet. I have done this many times with Bud, so I knew I had to tie his feet back. Men just can’t get their legs back on their own like we can. You should see him. His legs bent back, the only white thing you can see is his white ass, balls and dick. I reached for the bigger rubber cock of mine. I put the end to his opening and asked. "Want it baby? Want my fat cock in your asshole my little Pussy Boy?" Mat did not hesitate, he moaned "yes, please, please, God stick it in me."

I touched the end and dropped more K-Y on it to give more lubrication. I bent over and started to suck his stiff cock. It did not take long; he was ready, begging for me not to stop. I had to stop; I was not through with his training yet. I had to go for broke. With the cock buried deep in him and his own dick ready to shoot I stopped one last time. This time I held the cock in place as I moved close to his head. I started saying "Well my sweet little Pussy Boy, I see you like to be fucked. I bet if I brought in 5 or 6 men right now, you would love them to fuck you wouldn’t you?" I shut up and waited. I wanted to hear his answer. He said, "No, NO I couldn’t" I said "ok, my little Pussy Boy. Have it your way" I moved off the bed and gave his ass four quick fucks and yanked out the rubber cock.

I watched as he tried to hump the air with his dick, I saw his asshole wide open, I said "are you sure, some how I thing you would love to feel a lovely hard cock in you, fucking you to a hard great climax." I leaned next to him and said tell me Pussy Boy, tell me you want it, tell me and I’ll let you cum, I’ll let you shoot your hot sperm. Come on Pussy Boy, you know you want it, now don’t you?’ I heard a faint moan then a faint "yes" I said I thought so, now, let me put this back inside of you." I picked up the phone next to the bed and phoned Chester, I said "Hi Chester, do you get them?" he said "Honey I have 5 well hung guys here, they are very interested in having anything to do with you. 

I would like to come along and film it if it is ok?" I said sure, and make sure they all have nice long fat cocks. My little Pussy Boy can’t wait.. He is going to suck them and take them all in his asshole" I hung up and went to sucking Mat. I had to keep my promise. I rammed his asshole as I sucked his cock. It did not take long before he was shooting gobs and gobs of sperm down my throat. Mat moaned and was very verbal with my letting him climax. When his dick wilted I slowed my fucking his asshole. I knew that I had to get him worked up again before the guys got there.

I started by inserting the dildo back in him. I moved to his head and said 7 months ago I would not look at another man, today I fucked so many men I have no idea the exact amount. My pussy is full of their sperm, and my asshole is also full. If you are real nice to my boyfriends tonight my sweet little Pussy Boy, I’ll let you lick me clean and suck it all out of me. When my friends get here you will suck one man while another fucks you; I will suck your cock while they do you. I moved and took his half-hard dick in my mouth. He was getting hard again, and in record time. I stopped long enough to say, "I see you are all excited with what I have planned. I started fucking him harder and loved his now growing cock. I heard the door bell and said, "Ok my little Pussy Boy, don’t’ go anywhere, I’ll be right back with your supper" 

I went down and let in Chester and 5 lovely men. All seemed young, they all where complementing me on my films. I told them I had a friend of mine up stairs in my bedroom, he wanted to have a man fuck him and he wanted to suck several guys off. I promised them if they all helped me tonight I would gangbang them tomorrow night right here. Chester asked if he could come along, I told him "Of course, but no cameras tomorrow" he agreed. We all went up stairs, as we did I asked Chester to get a lot of close ups and when ever Mat talked to make sure he got his voice on the tape. As we went into the bedroom I said, "Boys meet Mat my husband and my little Pussy Boy. He is waiting to feel you fuck him he wants you to use his asshole like you are going to use my pussy tomorrow. He is a little shy right now boys, so get your cloths off and one of you get ready for him to suck you. I moved to the bed, and started sucking his cock. It was very hard, I knew Mat was very excited. 

I stopped and said "Oh my, I am so rude, introduce yourself to these boys baby" The room was quite until mat spoke "I am Mat Philips, I am pleased to meet you all." I said "oh no Pussy Boy, your not going to meet them, your going to suck them and fuck them right." again the room was quite then Mat said "I am glad you all came over for me to suck and have you fuck me." I said "that’s better baby, now open wide you have a lovely cock inches from your mouth, that’s it, Oh my, you really wanted to suck him didn’t you I inserted more K-Y and my dildo in Mat waiting for one of them to fill his ass. The guy Mat was sucking grew big, I mean real big. He was ready and pulled back. As he did we all heard a loud "POP" as he pulled away from Mats mouth. He moved to Mats ass and I pulled out the rubber dick. I went to work on Mats cock as he started sucking another man. When the guy was ready to climax he asked me. "Where do you want me to shoot my load?" I said "the first time shoot it up his ass, the next time in his mouth"

I felt Mats cock start to swell up ready to shoot. I pulled back. And watched it twitch as he was getting sperm pumped in his ass. Mat moaned and worked on the cock in his mouth. This went on over and over time and time again. Mat was begging between cocks going in his mouth for me to let him cum. I told him I wanted to watch him climax and shoot his sperm while he was being fucked. It took the 5th man to do just that. When mat shoot his sperm I went flying up and hit his own chin. Chester had it all on camera. After the 5 guys fucked him and climaxed, I had Chester do Matt. Then I had them all climax in his mouth. I had one last thing to do and I picked the man with the largest cock to help. I whispered in his ear different things that I wanted him to say. I moved so I could stroke Mat while he fucked him one last time.

I said "Ok my little Pussy Boy, one last climax for you, then these boys are going to leave, they all get to come back here tomorrow, only thing is tomorrow they will be fucking me, or I should say I will be fucking them. I may let you watch if you ask real nice. I watched as Mats cock swelled up stiff as a board. I said "Oh I see that excites you, I see you want to watch me fuck them don’t you?" Mat moaned with pleasure. I watched as the cock disappeared into Mats asshole. I said "Fuck my little Pussy Boy bitch Peter, give him a good fuck that will he will never forget. Now, tell my Pussy Boy husband what kind of woman he is now married to." That was his cue he said "Mat, your wife is a fucking slut, she will fuck any man, with a hard cock, shit she has been fucking guys all day," That was my cue I moved over Mats face and started to squat down Peter continued as I did this. 

"Your wife has a huge sloppy cunt, her asshole is bigger than yours, she has been so fucking much, I need a board tied to my ass so I don’t fall in." I moved my cunt right to Mats opening in his mask. Peter said "stick you tongue out, lick that cunt you call a wife" I felt Mats tongue touch me, I moved even closer, Mat was going nuts licking. I reached for his cock and was stroking him hard and fast. Peter was matching my speed and never stopped telling Mat how much of a whore and slut I had become. He told him about my escapade in the bookstore, and the different things he had seen me doing in my movies. I felt Mat ready to climax and I stopped stroking him. I let all the sperm that I had held in me come out into his mouth and the sperm from my asshole fell onto his nose. I looked down and watched as Mat shoot his own sperm I watched as his cock twitched and Peter rammed his ass faster and faster until he shot his last load.
