 Gina leans down and sucks the last of the cum from Rachel's cunt while Sarah grabs a black foot-long strap-on from the dildo shelf. It's a double-header, but with a rubber divider a third of the way down. Sarah puts in on, wedging the four-inch end sharply up her own wet cunt, and she makes herself gasp in pleasure. She struts back to Rachel and Gina, the phallus protruding obscenely from her pussy every step of the way, swinging around wildly. Gina, ever Sarah's partner in crime, casually flips Rachel over so that the redhead is on top and her enormous tits are pressed against Gina's gorgeous little pomegranates. Gina leans up and kisses Rachel passionately, then whispers in her ear, "you lucky bitch," just as Rachel's unsuspecting ass is impaled by Sarah's dildo from behind. Rachel screams into Gina's mouth as Sarah fucks her ass mercilessly. Gina is loving the friction of Rachel's soft legs against hers as they slide back and forth to the rhythm of Sarah's powerful thrusts, and Sarah herself is moaning as she makes Rachel scream and wail in pain. Abruptly, she starts drilling even faster, making the plastic monster cock rapidly and repeatedly plunge down into the back entrance of Rachel's quaking hindquarters. The fat, supple ass cheeks have no choice but to clench around the intruder- Sarah knows how to tame a bitch. In one glorious power-thrust, she fits the entire eight inches inside Rachel's stretched little asshole, and it's too much for Sarah.

"I'm cumming!" she shouts. "I'm cumming, you slut! Oh, take it in the ass, take it in the ass as I cum, you bitch!" Sarah gives Rachel a hard, painful spank, and the sodomized girl yelps as Gina, underneath, moans and grinds her own pussy up towards Rachel's. She can detect the protrusion of Sarah's plastic phallus even through Rachel's abdomen, and she loves it. Gina closes her eyes and puckers her lips as Rachel's tits balloon in her face, and she sucks on both thick, erect nipples with glee. Sarah's orgasm has reached its peak and she comes down softly, eight inches of plastic still stuffed in Rachel's lucky ass. Gina and Sarah help turn Rachel around like a pig on a spit so that Rachel is facing up at the woman pushing a plastic cock into her ass. Her face clearly shows discomfort—the giant dildo shoved up her ass just might be a clue as to why—and her tits are jostling and jiggling as Gina and Sarah adjust themselves around her. Sarah is almost ready to start pumping into Rachel once more, when she gets an unexpected surprise.

You push Sarah down onto Rachel as your own cock forcibly penetrates Sarah's ass. You grab her shoulders and thrust violently into her tight little hole as she moans and screams in Rachel's face. She thrusts back at you with her ass—you had forgotten how much she loves anal—as her eyes close in energetic pleasure. You take a moment to savor the pleasure of having your dick nestled firmly inside Sarah's asshole: truly an experience to die for. Each thrust from your own cock into Sarah's ass results in a thrust from Sarah into Rachel, so in essence you're fucking two girls in the ass at once. Rachel sounds like her ass is on fire from such a hard fucking—Sarah is plowing even faster into Rachel due to her attempts to increase her own pleasure riding your dick with her ass. To cope with her sudden fullness, Sarah automatically finds the nearest stress toys, pinching and pulling on Rachel's tits, making the red-headed fucktoy scream again. You give Sarah a single hard spank and pull back on her blonde ponytail, making her wince and moan as you tame your bottom bitch. Slowly, you pull your dick out of Sarah's ass, then immediately shove it back in for one more full thrust: an opportunity too good to pass up. You pull out for real as Sarah pants, grinning her movie star smile back at you, then have her stand up and pull out of Rachel. You unbuckle the strap and pull the dildo out of Sarah's pussy, briefly letting her taste the juices on the end she had inside her. She lets down her hair as you turn to Rachel.

"Legs up, slut," you bark. Rachel is having her heaving tits thoroughly massaged by Gina, who is still lying underneath her, but Rachel hears you and raises her legs and pussy into the air. You buckle the strap on around her waist and in one motion, jam the short end of the dildo into her pussy. Her eyes snap open and she squeals, but Gina puts a few of her fingers in Rachel's hot, wet mouth to keep her quiet. Gina then stretches out her long, toned legs and slowly gets up from under Rachel—she has a feeling she knows what's going to happen, and she doesn't want to be under everyone when it does.

There are now eight inches of cock protruding straight up into the air from Rachel's wet pussy, and you look at Sarah, wondering to yourself if you need to give further instruction. Sarah walks her sexy, ass-swaying walk over to the now-well-endowed Rachel, and climbs up onto the bed. She squats over Rachel, facing you, and begins to lower her ass apprehensively toward the massive phallus below. You stand in front of her, watching eagerly as your dick stands straight up, rock-hard from the sight before you. As soon as Sarah gets the head of the fake cock inside her perfect little asshole, you grab her shoulders and forcefully slam her down to the hilt. She briefly screams at the sudden anal pain, but quickly cuts it off with a gasp as your cock plunges into her pussy. You fuck her roughly and intensely, just as a pristine slut like her deserves, and you lean in to make out with her hot, beestung lips as her sexy blonde hair flops around every which way. She moans through the pain. "Oh, my, god, oh, my, god, oh my god ohmygodohmygodohmygod!!" she screams as you bang her properly. She cums hard as you continue to pound her. You reach behind her and grab one of her plump, sexy ass cheeks with each hand, pulling her down with each thrust and up with each drawback, so that with each pump of her slutty pussy, she has a moment where the full length of your cock and the full length of the dildo are submerged inside both of her cock holes. You take a finger and try to wedge it up her ass along with the monster dildo, but she's maxed out: you can feel the tension and stress on the gaping rim of her asshole as you realize this gorgeous slut has never been this wide before. You lean in again to sloppily make out with her hot face as you reach your peak and cum into her soft, perfect pussy, shooting your seed all up into her visibly stretched cavern. "You hot, perfect whore, you," you whisper in her ear, panting heavily. "You gorgeous fucking slut... I could fuck you for the rest of my fucking life... You're such a bad girl, you fucking dime-whore...you cum-bucket cock addict... That's exactly what a bitch like you is FUCKING for!"

"Thank you, master," Sarah says with complete sincerity, moaning the words in your ear between heavy breaths. "Thank you for the amazing fuck and for all your sweet words and of course for your sweet, sweet cum. I can't think of a better place for it than in my pussy."

"I can," a voice says from down by your dick, and you look down to see Gina, her face drenched in cum, start to lick at the junction where your dick is still nestled inside Sarah's cunt. "My tummy!" She must have been there when you came, because she clearly received all the splash-back on her pretty, young face. She makes you and Sarah both moan together as she works wonders with her surprisingly able tongue around the base of your dick and on the outer folds of Sarah's pussy, sucking cum out from each nook and cranny she can find. You pull out of Sarah and Gina makes sure to open wide to catch the wave of cum this releases, giving her another mouthful. Instead of swallowing, she dribbles it all down her chin, and the cum drips onto her cute, round tits. She returns to Sarah's pussy, licking at the outer folds. Sarah has consistently been riding about halfway up on the dildo, and you grab her waist to push her back down to the base of the cock. She gasps again as her slick ass slides down the plastic pole, once more expanding to accommodate its entire girth. She gently bobs up and down on the dildo, breathless and red-faced, as Gina leans in to smell the cocktail overflowing from her pussy. Instead of licking it up, Gina takes a wave of her own long, dark, beautiful hair, and submerges it slowly within the blonde slut.

"My hair's too clean," Gina says, notes of annoyance in her voice. "I think it needs to be washed in some cum. The best shampoo there is: cum and pussy juice."

"You sexy fucking BABE!" Sarah shouts as she continues to impale herself with Rachel's phallus. "Gina, you're such a little cum-loving SLUT! I want you to be covered head to toe in cum by the time Alex is finished with you! You hot little COCK WHORE! Get that pussy up here!" Sarah lies back onto Rachel's massive tits, feeling their smooth, plushy surfaces bulge and cushion her back. With the giant plastic cock still submerged completely inside Sarah's asshole, Gina climbs up on top of her, pussy over Sarah's grinning face, mouth hovering over Sarah's dripping, cum-blasted cunt. Sarah hungrily laps at Gina's wet, waiting pussy, as Gina resumes her cum-shampooing session, dipping two fingers into the sex cauldron of Sarah's cunt, scooping a dollop of cum from the depths, and streaking it through her hair as she starts to braid it. The whole time Sarah is making Gina moan, alternating between sucking gently and biting roughly on the Asian girl's clit. They adore each other.

...to be continued...