 One man said "OK, what do you want me, I mean us to do?" I said first off this is between you men and I, the other men must never know, and for gods sake no one must let Bud know. Oh yes, another thing, you must never try to find out who my little pussy boy is, that's what I call him. Since we all know there are 30 Americans here and the only blacks are in this room he is white. Since we have no idea how many Eskimos work here yet it could be one of them. I won't say. I will work it out for him to be available for our pleasure once or twice a week. I want you all to meet me here after lunch tomorrow. That is if I can get Bud to run a run to the village for me. Right now, this is what we will do. 

I will pick out two of you, and we will start. One guy will fuck my pussy boy, while he sucks the other. If you cum in his mouth, you have to stick around and fuck him in his ass once I work you hard again. That is my job in this in this, now are there any questions' boys?" Pete said "I'm no queer, I don't fuck men." I said "Ok, pretend it is a starlet, he can't see you, he can't talk, all he is to you is a willing asshole and willing mouth. Hey, pretend it is my ass, or mouth. Do this for me Pete and you will not be sorry, Ok?" he said, "OK, but if any of you asshole here says one fucking word. I swear I'll kill you and I am not making any idol threat." Every man said almost at the same time "That goes for me too." I said "OK Pete, you first and you with the beard, I think he'll love that cock of yours, you two guys first, then you two then you, and you" I pointed to all of them and took my first two to my room.

As I walked in, and before Bud could say anything I said "Ok pussy boy I have two real men here with me, they have agreed to both fuck you and to let you suck their dick's, now I hope you understand English enough to understand me. If you do and you want them to fuck you shake your head up and down." Bud moved his head from right to left saying no. I took the whip in my hand and made it crack. He then started shaking his head up and down real fast. "Now these boys may not really believe you want them to fuck you, so I want you to suck them hard so they can stick their hard cocks in you. Come on Pete, get over here, let him suck your big black beauty. Pete moved on the bed to his head I turned his head so Pete could stick his cock in the mouth opening. Pete said "You better understand English punk, you bite me you die. I know your one of these Eskimo punks, suck me good and I'll fuck you crazy"

I felt good at this point; I knew these first two would go back and pass it around to the others that my pussy boy was not one of them. As bud started sucking Pete I moved behind him and put butter all over him and in him getting ready. Pete said "don't you have any K-Y Penny?" I asked, "what is that?" he said "go look over there in your sex cabinet, I bet you have some." I went and found a big box marked K-Y Jelly, I grabbed a tube. As I got back, Bud was working like a sex starved whore sucking for her life. Pete's eyes were closed, and I grabbed the rubber cock, I slid it in Bud, and started to fuck him. Pete pulled out of Bud and moved behind him, I pulled out the rubber dick and Pete slid his black beauty in. Charley replaced Pete, and Bud worked his cock like a sex-starved whore. I knew that all I had to do now was to keep replacing them as they came and left back to work. It took about an hour and a half to get all 18 men to fuck and climax in Bud's asshole. 

About 6 or 7 of them came in his mouth and I had to work their cocks hard again. I kind of think they planned it that way. After I shuttled the last one out I went to Bud's Video room took out the videotape I had been recording of my room. I put in a blank and took the tape placing it in my safe. I looked over at Bud and sperm was all up and down the inside of his legs, along with brownish butter and K-Y. I went to the bed and said. "Ok, now the question in my mind is, have you had enough, or do I keep you here all night and have them come back and fuck you some more. After all, they think that the boss is away, and you know what they say. When the cat is away, the mice will play" I stood there looking at him and he said, "I have to go to the bathroom, real bad" I said Oh sure you do, but if I release you, I don't know what you will do. Wait here, I'll be right back" I went to the kitchen and grabbed a big pan taking it back I made him do it in the pan. I won't go into detail of what he did, lets just say, along with it came a lot of sperm.

I flushed it then washed the pan. Going back I said, "Now Bud, things are going to change even more. You are going to tell the men they are to make their own bed, and clean their own rooms and do their own laundry. That you lied to them when you said I was hired to do all that. My job will be to cook and clean the common areas. As for the sex, we will leave that as it is for right now. I am afraid they will rebel and maybe rape me if they know they can't have me at least once every 10 days. Do you agree to this? If so, say yes." I waited and I heard "no" I kind of knew inside he would not agree to this right away. I was ready.

"Ok" I said, lets just think about this for a few minutes; I made a video of you getting into this lovely suit you are wearing. I also filmed all those 18 boys fucking you and how you sucked all 18 guys. I can show it to them, tonight while I have you here bent over waiting for one of those nasty boys to come in and take advantage of you. Who knows, I would bet after they see that, your position as the boss is over, what do you think pussy boy? Now, let me ask this question again, and this time lets see if you can think of the right answer."

I took the rubber dick and placed the head at Bud's asshole. "Ok pussy boy, are you going to tell them what I want?" I heard him say rather loud "YES, yes I will, now please let me go, this hurt, my legs are killing me." I picked up the paddle and smacked him twice. I then said, "Do not complain, I could not complain, you can't either" I turned and went to the dayroom. I cleaned it and came back, walking in I found my three husbands for the day in my room. They where all taking turns fucking Bud. I walked in and said "you boys aren't disappointed are you?" one kept fucking him and the others two came to the door where I was. One said "We heard Bud took off for they day, so we thought you needed company, we could not resist this guy's butt. He won't talk, who is he?" I told him it was a secret that he did not understand much English. I was helping him out with a fantasy of his." He said "I got to get back to work, that fucking Bud may get back early, I'll see you tonight." He kissed me as he walked out. The other guy stood there and I reached for his cock. I kept working it feeling it begin to come alive again.

He kissed me, and I kissed back. Unzipping his pants I worked his dick out. I worked it nice and hard. I said "I want to watch you fuck him, I want to see you slamming this huge dick right in up his belly out of his mouth." I knelt down and started sucking him. I kept my eyes on the one fucking Bud and he was good. He was fucking him real hard, Bud was bouncing back and fourth I thing he was matching the thrust one for one. When he climaxed and pulled out. I stopped sucking and said "Come on Bob, shove this monster in him, I want to watch as I fuck myself" 

Bob moved to Buds ass and I watched him slide his big dick all the way in with one stroke. I went to the cabinet and grabbed another dildo, sat on the chair, opened up and started right in. I loved this, watching Bob and Bud, I was hot as hell, I don't know what it was, if it was being kissed and playing with Bob's cock. Or if it was the power I felt over Bud and I knew I was in control of my life. All I know is I had a mind blowing climax.

They left and I went to Bud again. "Ok Bud, what do I do? Do I let you up; do I set you free? Or do I keep you here bent over the end of my bed so the boys can walk in any time and fuck you. Myself I kind of like the last one. It would take the pressure off of me. Besides, you love cock so much; you should be the boys substitute wife." Bud spoke "please, let me go, I will do as you say, don't worry, please." I said "ok, I'll let you free, but remember, I have the tape and if you want steady dicks up your ass for the next 6 months, you better do everything I say pussy boy. I want you to remember this. Whenever I call you PB Bud, you are to make up some excuse to be gone for 4-5 hours. That will be my signal to you that I want you to be fucked by the boys, get it pussy boy?" Bud said in a low voice "yes, yes I do"

To Be Continued...

* * * * *

VOTE Feel free to write me.