 I let him loose, I stood with the whip in my hand just in case he decided to rebel or even attack me. He was like a meek little boy, almost ashamed of his own sexual desires. He put his clothes on and said "I'll tell the boys tonight at supper that you were hired to only cook and clean the common rooms. That the sexual thing was something I worked out. That you agreed to stay with 3 men a day" I stopped him and said "Wait, I want you to change that, since I will have more time, I will now take care of 5 men a day. Tell them I with these changes I will be a better wife for them all."

Over the next months I had accumulated over $640,000.00 in cash tips from my sex hungry "substitute" husbands. That, plus the $5,000.00 a month from the company, I have a lovely nest egg ($89,000.00). I have never seen so much money in cash or money flow like it does here. Every one here is returning with a lovely nest egg them selves. I have to admit though; I had to have the biggest. At this point I feel I have earned every penny of it, the boys really do like me, they showed it because the tips flowed like water. Now I am told that the men get their own bonus the last day here, and I am told it is a huge one, so like I said we all go home happy. 

Since you have been following my story, you know I did not come here to be their "substitute" wife. I came here to cook and clean and to run away from my husband Matt. The wife substitute thing was Bud’s (and I think the company’s) idea. I say that because at this point I am not sure the company even knows. At this point I don’t care. I have learned a lot and had so much fun in the process; I have been treated like a queen. I swear I love every man here. (Sexually) As for Bud, he is my whipping boy. I have one last thing to do for him the day I leave. (I have arranged it that I leave one day before the guys.) With this, I have it worked out so he will be exposed for the wimp he is.

I have a reason for wanting to leave early. Well really two, first I am going to drive the nails in his coffin and I want to meet my replacement. I have to meet her and warn her what she is getting into. If the woman I replaced had told me what to expect, I would have never came up here. Pete has promised to play my special going away video to the boys after I fly out. He thinks it is a going away message to the guys. Boy is he and the boys going to be surprised to find out the man I have had suck their dicks and I had them screw. 

I don't wish to bore you with six months of sex, day in and day out. I have to tell you I have been a sex machine for 6 months, sex day in and day out, (even when I was on my period) The add the my sucking the guys through the holes in the bathroom and my wall. I would have to guess I averaged having sex Oh 10-15 times a day with them and Oh yes, I forgot to tell you that on the on the 4th day here I did my first gang-Bang. It only took one time to get me hooked on them. Now as the day approaches for me to leave and go back home, I keep laying out my plans on what I am going to do when I get there. Every now and then I reflect on what has happen over the last six months here. Every time I go over in my mind those last six, I find myself horny as hell. I have worked hard at this, Well, what I mean is. I find that now in order to be sexually satisfied it takes a couple of men to do it. God how I loved every aspect of this nasty hot sex that I have been doing. I have learned to love being fucked, and not just in the normal everyday sense, I have become almost addicted to this kind of filthy sex. This sick need to feel a man’s cock in my ass fucking me and shooting his hot sperm inside. Even the feel of being fucked between my tits with the sperm shooting up into my mouth nothing at this point was bad.

God, when I think of the feeling that I get inside, not just inside my vagina, Oh that is beyond great, but even deeper, I mean I get a fulfilling feeling in my mind, in my soul. Oh to be screwed by one man after another, I can never explain this to you. If you are a normal woman reading this, I know you must think of me as a very sick perverted woman. (That is if you will think of me as a woman, most will call me a slut, a whore, a deviant sex fiend) I came here as a hurt loving housewife; I was tricked into this way of life, into this depravity. At home I went to Church twice a week, I taught Sunday school, I am or I was a very respected woman. I married as a virgin, and thought I was happy in life. 

That is until I caught Matt cheating on me. Now look at me, look what Bud and these men have done to me. They together did something I can’t seem to change. Being honest with myself I am not sure I really desire to change. I know I have to; I can’t just go to bed with any man, any place, at any time. What is on my mind is, I hope I can turn all these sick desires off when I get home. I guess what scares me is the cravings; yes I did say the cravings. When I take the time to think about all this, it makes me sick that I crave the feel of a man (any man), not just one man, but also three or four men. Then there is this craving to abuse a man, and to sit and suck the men through a hole in my room and in the bathroom. There are times I hate my own vagina. I mean that, I seem to desire a men all the time and in the nastiest ways. I Just hope that I can put this all behind me, but most of all, To have to make sure that Bud can not hurt any other woman that may come up here to work.

I kept going over all of this as I pack up my things. I decided to take the paddle, and the leather suit I used on Bud, I also packed several of the big long Dildos. I heard Bud came in and say "I have everything arranged, the plane will be here at 10 in the morning. I see you are taking a lot of things from the cabinet." I looked at him and said, "Yes I am, do you have any complaint about it?" Bud said, "No, oh no, in fact Mary did the same thing when she left. Since you are so much like her, I already called and placed my re-order everything is already on it’s way." I said, "Is my replacement coming in early?" Bud said, "No, she comes up day after tomorrow." I said, "Gee and I was hoping to get a glimpse of her as she pass’s me. I was going to warn her about you. I was going to tell her to turn around and get back onto the plane." He said, "I kind of thought that too, that is why I agreed to get you out of here early." I smiled at my self, if he only knew what I had in mind.

The Kyle walked in and asked if it was still on for tonight. I smiled at him and said. "Of course it is silly, does anyone thing I am going to leave here with my pussy empty" Kevin walked in behind him and said, "Oh hell no, you ain’t getting on that plane empty, your gonna have cum running out of you all the way home. Where you going home to anyway Penny?" I chuckled and said "Redlands Calif." Kyle said laughing, Boy when you get on that plane in Seattle your going to smell pretty ripe." He said that and we all broke out laughing.

Ted came in said "aren’t you packed yet, were waiting" I said "Keep your dick hard Ted, I’m going to be coming very soon." The guys all broke out laughing again. I shut the suitcase and went with them to the dayroom, one on each arm. This was 7pm and I knew that for the next 14 hours it was going to be nonstop sex. (I should say it right) it was going to be nonstop fucking! I just hope I could get some sleep before I had to get on the plane in the morning. 

I sit here thinking if I should bore you with all the nasty things, the filthy things that we did. I do feel like sharing a little of it, after all, why else would you be reading this right! I was wearing my black stockings, my black garter belt, and my open push up bra showing my stiff long nipples. (They get that way when I am horny as hell,) and right now, I am so hot I sizzle. Oh I forgot to tell you, the guys wanted me to shave myself so sometime during the first week I did. So now my vagina is as smooth as a baby’s butt. 

We walked into the day room. The boys had put a mattress on top of the pool table; (I wanted to make this last night very special for them and myself) I forgot something in my room, I asked Jake to go get two of the Dildo’s I left in the cabinet. I got up on the mattress and started in. "ok boys, it’s been 6 months of pure pleasure for me, and I am not leaving here the same woman that I arrived. When I got here I had no idea how much fun I would have with this little thing." While I was talking, I started rubbing myself nice and wet. I scooped up some of my wetness in my fingers and said "now, I don’t know if this is my juice or if is Tommy’s, Jimmy’s, Gus’s, Peters, Phil’s, or Buddy’s sperm." I brought the fingers to my mouth and started sucking them. Pulling them out I said. "Gee guys, I just can’t tell" 

Jake got back to the day room and handed me two Dildos’. I then said "you know boys when I got here, I had never seen one of these lovely thing before in my life, now look what I can do with them." I knelt on the mattress bent over reached behind myself and slid the first one right in my sperm filled asshole. I said "now watch boys, Think the other will fit?" some one yelled out "it should John and Gary did it to you an hour ago" everyone laughed. "My point is" I said, "when I got here to the camp, neither one of these would fit comfortably, now look, my ass are so stretched that now either fit very easy inside" the boys roared in laughter. 

As I knelt there I could hear the slurping from the fucking I was giving myself because of all the sperm sloshing around oozing out from inside of me. It started, Bill could not wait any longer, he got up on the mattress with me and I went for his cock. I started sucking and loving it. I wanted him to remember my mouth the rest of his life. Every time another woman (or man) sucked him, He would wish it was me working on and loving his cock. When he started others moved in. I have no idea who got behind me, but whoever it was pulled the rubber dick out of my ass, and started fucking me there. I kept the one working in my vagina, God, how I love the feeling I get when I have a men’s dicks in all three holes at the same time. It did not take long before I was straddling one of the guys with another behind me and of course one in my mouth.

To Be Continued...