 This went on and on. I wish I could tell you that I climaxed and climaxed over and over again. I would be lying to you if I said that. Being a man I know it is hard for you to understand, (the woman will) Let me see if I can explain it in a way you guys can understand my feelings. When I first started doing all these filthy nasty things with these men, well, it was exciting; it was a turn on. My body loved it as the men stretched my openings, and pumped their sperm inside. I did climax, and climax and climax so very easy but I learned that I had to pace myself. My body could and can only take so much of this kind of pleasure. Like I said I would climax over and over again, however after a while the feeling would die or fade away. I learned to think of other things to keep my mind busy. I learned I could prolong the wonderful feeling of a climax if I kept my mind working on something else. I could stop a mind-boggling climax by not thinking of the wonderful feeling I would be getting in my vagina and anus. I would think of things that I had to do, like cooking or something else. 

The only time it was hard to concentrate was when I am sucking one of guy’s cocks while I being screwed in my butt and one in my vagina at the same time. (When all three holes are filled I am in pure Heaven, I just can’t think of anything ever in my life before this, had ever given me this kind of wonderful great feeling. I know let me try explaining it this way. Since I have never used drugs I may be way off, however, from everything I have read and heard, this may be a good comparison. It is like drugs. The first time you use it, they work quickly, then after time it takes more and more to get the desired results. Will sex is the same I am afraid for me. 

I know I am not making any sense right now. I wish I were like you men, it feels good, you climax, and you want to do it again. (Once you get hard again) Yes, my body experiences pleasure, but so does my mind, it also feels pleasure. Words escape me on how to convey those feeling to you. Let me say, that the feelings that I get, I love. I mean it is not all physical, between the sex, the filthiest, and the nastiest. Well, that gives me a pleasure that starts in my brain, and flows (glows) threw my body. That is what I am referring to when I tell you that what I do with these guys (and to myself) gives me pleasure.

You see, that is what I was talking about before, I know that when I get home to Matt, that I am not sure I can turn this sick desire turned off. I am hoping I can, what I am afraid of is, maybe I have become addicted to this kind of thing. Maybe I will need a "fix" so to speak. Then what do I do? I can’t help but think I will never feel this sexually satisfied with Matt, I don’t know if I could ever really enjoy just one man. How can one man make me climax the way I do now? Talk about mind bending. Right now I want to soak in every bit of pleasure that I am feel. I want to store it; I need to store it. I want to remember every stroke of every cock in my cunt, in my ass, and in my mouth.

I have no idea how long I was on the mattress in the day room. But I had to go to the bathroom. I had to go bad. I told the boys and they helped me off the table. The men’s bathroom was closer, so I went in there. Bill, Pete, Greg and Tom guided me in. There I was again, sitting on a stool sucking one man after another. This time they took turns masturbating me and taking turns with my dildo. All of this I did expect, I expected a full night of non-stop sex. I just expected to have some time alone, boy was I wrong. Now over the last 6 months, I did have marathon sex with some times up to 12-15 men a night at least 1-2 times a week. But tonight every man wanted to get his last lick in. (so to speak) I guess I should have said, every man wanted to get his DICK in (more than twice) By 4 am I fell asleep while Jason was on me. I was slippery as ever from all the sperm. Most of the guys went to bed between 1-3, however Jason, Peter, John, and Henry where die hard sex fiends. 

I woke up next to Jimmy. I had boxes of cereals out and the guys made the coffee; I woke up slowly and found my body sore as could be. My legs, arms and neck hurt, for the first time since I had arrived here I woke up not wanting sex, and did not have anyone waiting to have sex with me. Bud came in and reminded me that it would not be long, He also let me know he wanted his last fuck. I asked him "When you say you wanted one last fuck, do you mean you want me to fuck you, or get some guys to fuck you, or are you wanting to stick your puny dick in me one last time?" He hung his head and said "I would like to fuck you" I smiled and said "To bad pussy boy, I’ll get a couple guys to fuck you, but you don’t get any of this pussy" He looked at me, turned and walked away.

When the plane got there I had all kinds of help. Every one wanted to know where I was going, so they could look me up when they got back. I felt it best to not tell them the truth. I told everyone I was going to Charleston South Carolina. I just feel that it all had to end here. It was cold, but clear as could be. As we flew out, I could see a rather large town just down the road from our camp. I got pissed for not leaving the compound. I was told that the town was a small village. (Just another lie Bud told me) I smiled at my self because I knew that right about now was lunch, and Bud had to make it. On top of that Pete was starting the videotape that I gave him to show. He along with all the other men thought it was a good by thing. What they will be seeing is 6 hours of seeing bud getting into his hooded outfit and man after man fucking him or of him sucking them. Oh how I wish I could see how they react seeing that. I had everyone convinced it was one of the Eskimo workers. 

I sat there dressed in real clothing, and for the first time in 6 months, I did not have stockings and garter on. I still was with out panties because I just did not have any period. You would never guess it, but I missed the stockings and garter. I had decided that when I landed in Seattle my first purchase would be three or four pair of stocking and a couple garters. As for the panties, I just have not made up my mind yet. We landed; I had a 24-hour lay over before my flight to LA. I had to talk with the woman that was going to go up there. I knew from my own experience where she was staying at, because I had to stay at Best Western at the company’s expense before my flight out in the morning. So I grabbed a cab and went into town for the first Bank that I could find. Once I deposited my money and left the bank. I had just enough time to do some shopping then to the Best Western. My inner thighs had crusted sperm on my inner thighs under my pants. Then the hunger pains started. No not hunger for food, but the hunger for sex. I knew inside of me that this would happen, I decided I would just put it out of my mind…………… Yea, Right!………. 

I put the stockings on the first chance I got. I also got rid of the warm cloths and got a lovely sundress. I made sure it was not to short, but to be honest, I felt like I was overly dressed. Remember, for the last 6 months I only wore micro mini dresses, skirts and open crotch pants. So to be fully covered took some getting use to. I had a hell of a time trying to get my mind off sex, I decided to concentrate on what I was going to say to my replacement and to Matt when I got home. Once I decide to do that my mind was going a mile a minute. I checked in and asked the same man that I saw 6 months earlier if my replacement had checked in yet, he told me she had, I asked him what room she was in, he told me, and off I went to meet and talk with her. 

I knocked on room 202; I was shocked at what I saw. When the door opened, I was looking at a very familiar face, it was Mary. She spoke first "Yes, may I help you?" I was caught off guard; to say I was shocked is an understatement. I said "Hello, you must be Mary, I am Penny. I just got back from "compound G" She was smiling then she changed her expression. She said, "Oh, I was just going to get a bite to eat, would you like to come with me?"

"Sure" I said, as we walked to the restaurant I saw she was much lovelier than she was in the videos. She asked "So, how is Bud, where you able to keep him in line or was he a monster as usual?" I said "Oh I figured him out right away, and I kept him under my control" We were seated and I had to ask "I take it you are going back up there, may I ask why?" Mary looked at me and said "the last time I came back I brought back close to $100,000.00 Besides the company won’t allow me to stay two tours in a row there, so I have to rotate every three. You see I always take a year off to travel, and have fun, then I go back up." 

She asked me "If I may be so bold, roughly how much did you bring back?" I said "I deposited $96,000.00 this afternoon" Mary smiled and said "The boys liked you, most girls only bring back 35-40 thousand, I would bet based on your looks and the fact you brought back so much, you where a machine up there, right?" I laughed and said, "I guess I could be thought of like that, can I ask you a personnel question Mary?"

"Sure" she said, "how do you turn it off?" I asked, "I mean" Mary interrupted me and said "I know what you mean, I always have a hard time for the first two to three months when I get back. I have to admit, when you have sex as much as we do up there, you have a hard time not getting it on a regular basis when you get down here. Tell me Penny, where you aware that Bud was filming you 24 hours a day, every day while you where there?" I said, "I know he video taped you but I never saw or found any of me." Mary said, "I bet you found his hidden key to his tape room didn’t you?" I said "yes" Hidden behind one of his pictures on the desk?" she asked, I said "Yes" she then said "He lets all the women find that key, only a few have gotten the idea from what he does and figures what is needed to get sexual control over Bud. 

You did see his computer in his room didn’t you?" Mary asked. I said, "Yes, he spent all hours on it working" Mary then asked "Do you know anything about computers?" I said "no, why?" what she said next floored me. "Honey" she said, "he gets on the internet and post pictures, pictures that he has taken every day, pictures of you, of the things you have been doing." I was shocked, and I quickly said "He never filmed me, I saw his video room." Mary then said "yes, you saw what he allowed you to see, What you did not find or see was his video set up that he filmed you with; it took me 4 trips before I found it. I hate to tell you, but he edits them and sells them over the Internet, and on the plane you where on I think he sent back over 100 videos, did you see a large blue box get placed on board when you left?" Now in a deep shock I said "yes". Mary continued, "By tomorrow night those tapes will be duplicated thousands of times and sent out all around the world. I know, I have seen myself now for over four years over and over again."

I must have turned pale, I know I was sick to my stomach. I had a hard time thinking of what to ask next, or even what to say. I looked at her and had to ask again "With him being this monster, why do you keep going back?" Mary said "Well the money is good, but to be honest I go back to beat the shit of him and of course the sex. I have found that I can’t live a normal life now, I have to have abnormal sex, and I am cursed with this sick desire. Tell me Penny, are you going to go back? Will I be seeing you replacing me when I leave?" I could not get the words out fast enough. I said, "No way, I will never go back there except to kill that son-of-a-bitch" Mary laughed, I meant every word. 

We finished talking and I left her, I had to think to get things worked out in my mind. I could not help but wonder if when people looked at me if they had seen the disgusting pictures that Bud placed on the Internet as Mary said. Or how many of the people I would see today would see me on film tomorrow. I was sick, I was real sick. I decided to focus on Matt, I wondered if he missed me, if he had started divorce proceedings, I also wondered if he had reported me missing. I also knew he used a computer at work, could he have gotten a hold of any of those pictures that Bud sent out? After all, I had been gone for 6 months a lot of things could have happen. I never told Matt I was leaving him, or where I was going, I know he must have known that I moved out. I had packed two suitcases with cloths when I did leave.

That night and all during the flight I tried to work out some sort of plan of what to say, of what to do, I kept picturing him in anthers arms. Some how after what I had been through, with myself being in 30 other men’s arms, Matt with another woman seemed so trivial. I mean how could I get mad at him now when I had this desire, this longing, this hunger in me that I wanted not one man, but three, four, five and ten men. I sat there confused, scared and alone, so all alone.

I arrived about 9 am and took a taxi home. I did not know what to expect. I still had me keys and felt relieved when the unlocked the door. I went to disarm the alarm and found the code still good. Going to our bedroom, I looked around, Matt was always a messy person, and the bedroom showed it. I looked around and found all my things still there. I unpacked and thought that "so far, so good" I changed, and put on a yellow sun dress, I did put on a bra, however after 6 months, I felt more comfortable with out panties, and of course my stockings. I fixed my hair and makeup. I grabbed the keys to the car and headed for Mat’s office. When I walked in, I swear you could have heard a pin drop. Every one watched me as I walked to Mat’s door. Walking past his secretary (a new one) I went to his door. I did not knock, I opened it and he was on the phone. Matt stopped talking and looked at me for a second. He never said good bye or anything he hung up the phone and said, "Thank God, you came back"

Something in me was different, I was strong, I felt I had power I said "yes, I came back, and depending on what happens next, will determine if I stay or not." Matt got up, came over and hugged me, we, kissed, and I could tell he was happy to see me. I said, "Where is your little hussy secretary?" Matt said "she was transferred, I am so ashamed for that, I don’t want to loose you over her or any other woman, I love you" I sat down and told him "I have changed, I am not the same woman that walked in her 7 months ago. You will find that if you piss me off now, I will kick your ass from here to New York" Matt said "I can see you have changed, and I won’t piss you off ever." 

Matt the asked "Where have you been, I have been worried sick, the police even came by asking questions, thinking I did something to you." I said "I have been on a 6 month trip, where I was and what I was doing right now is none of your business, do not ask me any questions about that again" Matt looked at me funny and said "Ok, I won’t, do you want something to eat? I can take the day off, we can spend it together" I stood up, Matt was standing in front of his desk. I said, "Yes I would like something to eat." I knelt down in front of him, unzipped his zipper, and pulled out his dick. I started sucking him. I held him in my hand, and worked his dick hard; I made love to his cock. I could feel him swelling up ready to shoot his sperm. I pulled back, sat in the chair and said "Finish it, I want to watch you cum" Matt was shocked, I opened my legs, doing that hiked up the hem of my dress. I reached for my wet pussy and started to rub my clit. I said "Finish it, jack off" Matt grabbed it, and with his eyes glued to my fingers working he stroked his dick. I could tell he was close to climaxing. I said "Stop, STOP IT I SAID’ Matt said "but you told me too" I said "yes I did, and now I told you to stop. Come over here, kneel down, and eat me, lick this pussy, taste me" Matt looked at the door and said, "what if somebody comes in, I mean my secretary, I mean." I said "shut your mouth, get on your knees, eat me. If your secretary comes in so what, you didn’t care when you where fucking your old secretary did you?" Matt gave up, he knew I had him. He knelt down and started to lick. 

Remember I did not douche, or clean myself down there, less than 36 hours ago I had a vagina full of 30 men’s cum. And most of them did it 3 times if not more. I said "suck my hole you ass hole, suck me I am so wet. Make me cum, and I’ll lets you fuck me" I was not being quite. I was not yelling, but I did not whisper. At this moment I could care less if his office knew what I was saying. I knew they knew when he was fucking his secretary, now it was my turn. Matt ate me all right; he brought me to three lovely climaxes. It was wonderful, I knew with him sucking, and from my control, he was getting gobs of juice. My own and of course my last lovers. I said "that’s enough, stand up." He did and I saw he was rock hard. I reached over took him once again in my mouth stroking him as I sucked I brought him so close I could start to feel his dick pulse wanting to shoot. I stopped and Matt moaned. I said "well, I had enough, go back to work, be good, and when you get home I have a surprise for you" Matt stood there shocked, puzzled and amazed. He said "But, but, what about me? I need to fuck you"

Something in me just snapped, I said rather loudly this time, "Oh no you don’t, you need to fuck your secretary, or sit there and jack off, I am not ready for you to fuck me with that puny little dick. I’ll let you know when I want you to fuck me. Now, get back to work, jack off, or call what’s her name. I will see you at home. Be there at 6 PM to one minute sooner or one minute later" I walked to the door and smiled to myself. I had no idea what was going to happen but I felt good, real good. He humiliated me in this office about 7 months ago when I caught him screwing his secretary. Now, I just humiliated him. Oh life is great.

I opened the door and all eyes where on me, I strutted out. I really did not care what Matt did at this point, Right now, I felt very great. I had just decided what I was going to do next with Matt. It was still early, and I have to tell you, I am hot as hell. I did not just want sex, I was craving it, I stopped walking and I froze. The man then said, "Please, please come in Peggy." I started walking to him when I saw the posters; there I was on the posters with a crazed look on my face. It was titled "Peggy She can’t get enough!" There I was with three men, I was straddling one, another was in my ass, and the other in my mouth. Then one was titled "More, More" there I was sitting on the toilet sucking a dick threw the hole in the wall. I must have turned 7 shades of red, there where 3 others ones, all just as revealing and with titles that let no one wondering what I craved so much. 

The guy behind the counter came out and brought I think 10 video movies. He asked, "Would you please sign these, I love your movies" I looked at the titles and saw ten different ones. I asked him "when did you get these?" He said Yesterday, and your movies are selling faster than any I have ever had, all the men are watching yours non-stop." Again I was blushing. I signed the videos he gave me, and then all kinds of men were bidding for those tapes. I started to feel like a celebrity. No one was crude, or rude, every man there raved on how I made him feel. I was eating all of this up. 

Bob, (the man working the counter) called the owner and he arrived. Chester (his name) wanted me to have a video signing there. I told him "I would think about it, but for right now, I just wanted to look around the store." Chester said, "Honey, you look around all you want, if you see anything you want, it is on the house." I said "thank you" I saw the "movie arcade" and asked is this where I go to see the movies?" Chester said, "yes, go to video booth # 12, it is in the middle section, I will turn it on from here. That way you won’t have to worry about the tokens" I went in and it was pitch black. I did see some of the men in there but no one said a word. My eyes became accustom to the dark and I started looking for Booth #12. There where several rows of booths, I found #12 and went in the door. It was very small room for one; I saw a small bench and sat down. I then latched and hooked the door. The screen was on. I saw a knob that was numbered 1-15 I turned it and saw a different movie on each number. What amazed me was, I was on 9 of the 15 channels. I stood there intrigued at what I saw. Bud just like Mary said must have taped me non-stop, what intrigued me was all the different positions he had taped me from. 
