 My name is Elaine Thurmond. I would like to relate to you about an incident which changed my life forever. It is somewhat horrific and terrorizing but I cannot change the sequence of events. It helps for me to write my feelings down so I can move forward. The incident which I will relate to you happened to me while I was working late in an office building in the downtown area. I am by all means a normal everyday girl with brown hair which is naturally curly, a small physique at one hundred two pounds, with a short frame at five foot one and I have a tiny a cup size which doesn't fair well with most men. I am insecure about my poor chest size. 

 I wear glasses normally which I need, to not only read, but to see altogether. I believe sight is a factor in this incident which happened as much as anything. I have a hard time seeing clearly. I believe weak vision hampered my family for a very long time. My father wore glasses due to a natural weakness of the eye muscles around the lens area to his eyes. My mother too had vision problems but I believe it is a natural weakness in my eye muscles which caused my vision problems from a very early age. I have since used glasses ever since my first eye exam at age nine. 

 Now, I am an undersized lady after college at twenty six years of age. I can only tell you that the incident was an abduction and rape which happened to me. The police were called but I was unable to identify my assailants. I cannot believe the humiliation or helplessness I felt. I was by all rights the perfect victim. The funny thing is that, I had a boyfriend, James Johnson, at the time of the incident but he didn't believe that, I couldn't identify anyone because of my poor eyesight. It is true, I could not even tell if they were all white, all black, or even of Spanish decent. James believed that I was late for a date with him because I stood him up for a fantasy of group sex. 

 Once, while I was talking to James on the phone he asked me personal questions of a sexual nature. It was at this time that, I related to him that I wouldn't be opposed to more than one guy, at a time. I think it would be sexy and I wouldn't be overall upset if it took place. I know you feel I'm daft but it turns me on to imagine several men at once, having sex with me. I related this sentiment to James and he became quiet, pensive. I told him that I was sorry but I felt comfortable speaking to him about my fantasies.

  I also had several movies of gangbangs or orgy type pornography. It turned me on to imagine being the lady in them having two or three cocks sliding in and out of her every orifice. I would use two vibrators when I masturbated watching these type movies one in my tight little ass and the other in my soft sopping pink pussy while I would writhe and moan in ecstasy. I would orgasm and squirt while doing this all alone but not once had I ever let go. I desired to let go with real men and real situation but was so shy and introverted that I never dared leaving it in my fantasies. Finally telling James was the closest I had ever come to opening up what it was that I liked in sex. 

 I had other fantasies that I carried out through college but a gangbang had eluded me because the circumstances never permitted it to take place. James thought I was crazy at the time. James thought I was just trying to turn him on, somehow. I talked around the subject but then let him believe I was just pulling his chain. Every time we were alone together, from that time forward, he would ask me questions about it though. I became somewhat defensive not speaking to him about any of my fantasies any longer. I kind of shut him out from that part of my life until late one night after I was glowing with sex from him at his apartment. He then asked, "So, do you think you could handle it? More than one cock I mean?" 

 I again tried to avoid the question then replied, "Do you think I can? I mean, I am ready to continue and you're the one, who has to wait. I feel like, right now, one orgasm isn't enough, I could be continuing, but you have to wait. So, answer your own question. I could be servicing a friend of yours while you are on the bench or even two friends, for that matter."

  He looked shocked at me then sarcastically retorted, "Why not three, four, or five perhaps? Why just stop at three of us?"

  I smiled at him giving it right back at him saying, "Oh shit, you really mean it. Thank you, James. I knew you cared. I would just love that, truthfully? Do you have someone in mind right now?" I was being spiteful because he hurt my feelings at the time. James knew I was serious about this fantasy and the only way he could understand it is if he were a female. We're the ones who always have to be in wait. We are also the ones who, only sometimes, get the orgasm. It isn't always and every time we make love that we're guaranteed to get off. I felt like I could scream. 

  I didn't say this to challenge him or anger him but I did make him feel inadequate that night. I was merely trying to explain that women are just getting started when guys are just finishing. I feel men mostly start fast and finish fast, never taking time to get the lady of their lives prepared with one or two gut busting orgasms, before they mount her, finishing way too quickly. Most women will attest to that if they're honest about it. I hate quickies because I never have gotten off really with a quickie.

  I desire to be touched, massaged, kissed, fondled, and prepared slowly building the process. I love being worked on and then I begin the slow burn to begin deep in my middle rising the heat of sensuality and my breathing quickens as the heat rises. My body is in the mere beginning stages of what I call the orgasm zone. If my lover knew this about me he would be devastating to my being. I would truly ride the waves of pleasure while feeling every kiss, touch, velvet lick, and hair pull during this pleasure zone experience. Most men cannot maintain the intensity or the focus without wanting to satisfy themselves first or before they are so turned on that they plunge right in first.

  I know I made my poor boyfriend, James feel bad so, I offered him a nice lazy blowjob for his troubles. I love giving head especially to a nice fat cock with a wonderfully big bulbous head. I slowly lowered my head down kissing his lower belly letting my hair tickle his stomach on purpose. I then softly sucked the head of his penis into my hot, wet, juicy mouth. I played a game sucking, as much as I could down my throat, while it was still semi-hard. I knew I had no chance of sucking the entire thing down my throat when it was fully erect because he was about nine inches fully erect. 

  I therefore, took full advantage while he was still soft but growing harder by the second. I tried to swallow the entire length and began choking on the thing. He then grabbed the back of my head then said the words, "Nah, you're good, stay down bitch, and choke on that motherfucker." 

  He then began fucking my mouth with his ever hardening cock. I began gagging but this merely turned him on. I was fighting for breath, tears began falling from both my eyes, and still he forced his cock deeper into my throat. I will tell you right now that I don't mind giving head or sucking cock but I'm not a pornography star where I can swallow a cock that huge. My eyes began watering immensely so, I reached up grabbing his balls hard and squeezed hard. Immediately, he let go knowing I meant business. 

  I coughed once, then twice, realizing he enjoyed forcing his hard cock deep down my throat. I had semen and saliva strings from my lips hanging down to my chest area as I began breathing again. James then told me to suck his balls and I did sucking, licking and slurping while I moaned for his pleasure. I began using my hand jerking his monster cock up and down while I licked from his balls up the sensitive underside of his veined shaft back up to the head. I wrapped my tiny little mouth back around his cock head and moaning for him. I felt his fingers entwine in my hair pulling my head forward making me suck more of his massive meat. As I continue to suck my saliva assisting in sliding back and forth, faster and faster bobbing my head. James made me quit. 

  James then forcefully turned me over doggy fashion and mounted me on the couch we were on. He placed his massive cock at my pussy entrance and with one hard forceful stroke buried that huge cock into my already wet sopping pussy. He didn't let me get used to the penetration at all before he was stroking hard into and out of my pussy. He began laughing with my squeals of discomfort. I tried to relax my inner walls of my pussy from his massive invading cock as he grunted while pushing hard into me again. I screamed because it felt good being taken but the rawness hurt a little without much relaxation in between forced thrusts. I relaxed my mind as he began a steady pounding. 

  It was at this time that James grunted and between gritted teeth saying, "Bitch, this isn't anything. You can handle about five just like this remember?" He slapped my ass hard while continuing his onslaught. I relaxed further getting into the fantasy he had created for me. I began to truthfully enjoy every sensation while it was happening to me. 

  I decided to be the perfect victim for him. Hell, if he wanted it rough, then he could have it rough. I rocked my hips up first, then down, allowing for his cock to enter deeper without any trouble. Once more he pushed harder into me and I rocked backwards receiving his cock deeper still. The feelings which started off raw and raspy against my vaginal walls now had me tingling deep inside the very core of my being. My cervix was being hit with every stroke of his huge massive cock. I felt the burning sensation from inside my body. I was truly immersed in my thoughts while he fucked me harder and harder.

  I began to give into the fantasy totally as if I didn't know who he was. I was now getting wetter and wetter with each full hard thrust from his hips. I heard him grunting harder as he would slap my ass and pull my hair, as if it were reins on a horse. With each stroke of his wonderfully huge cock I felt my inner core getting hotter and hotter. The feelings I felt were, as amazing as, I heard myself whimpering, in all reality. 

  I was now in that floating stage as I was nearing a monster orgasm. I couldn't believe how hot I felt throughout my being. Floating, floating, closer and closer to the place I needed to be. I felt every nerve ending firing towards the very essence of my being. I felt the head pounding deeper and harder what a wonderful feeling. I was lost in the act as I heard my voice let loose yet another sweet scream and grunt. 

  I reached up under my own torso until I felt my outer labia then I began diddling my clitoris and this sent me over the top quickly. I had an amazing hard orgasm believing I was being raped. I screamed at the top of my lungs and bit the pillow cushion from the couch in front of me. He continued pounding my pussy hard. I never wanted it to end. So, I relaxed even more opening my body and cunt to him, inviting his invading huge cock deeper into my body. I felt another building orgasm as the fantasy again showed its face through my own little devious mind. I acted like I was the true victim begging him to please stop. He continued in spite of all my begging. 

  James then whispered, "No bitch, you can handle this. You like this remember." I felt like a true victim now and the more he fucked into my pussy, the better the next orgasm would be. I again reached down under my torso feeling my outer labia and then my clitoris this time moving in rapid circles for an even better explosion. I again lost my entire mind, as the orgasm ripped through my body tensing every muscle and causing yet another loud scream. I felt my inner pussy muscles clench down on James' invading cock and he lost his load inside me gasping great gulps of air.

  I was hotter than I had ever been in my life. I needed water to drink from all the activity. I felt that James was great. I needed that fantasy truthfully. I had never had three huge orgasms with anyone in one night but he took me to a whole new place. A place where I truly didn't mind being. I felt like he was the most unselfish guy I had ever met allowing me this little play acting to satisfy me. Little did I know the entire truth? 

  James sat back then said, "Wow, girl you really do get off being a rape victim, don't you?"

  I was embarrassed but smiled at him as I turned over on the couch then responded, "Well, let's put this way, you took me there and I responded to the moment." I squealed, jumping into his arms and on his lap kissing him, over and over again. I felt like a million bucks. It was so wonderful to let go like I did.

  He smiled hugging me then said, "You are a true freak, you know that?" 

  I smiled up at him then said, "Well, I been told that a time or two. I will say this James; you are the only one to ever make me have three in one night. I mean two back to back and guess why that is?"

  He snickered then said, "I guess because I used your fantasy to put you over the edge. It's what you wanted, right?" He looked down at me while I played a game with my tongue on his nipple trying to suck it into my mouth. I would dance it out touching the nipple then suck it in between my lips. I would then snake my tongue out again repeating the process just playing. I was feeling exhausted and playful at the very same time. I was glowing from the aftermath of great sex. 

  I looked up at him then said, "You took me there, quickly and satisfyingly trust me, honey." 

  The next day I was at the office and hadn't heard from my man all day. I wondered if I was just too weird for him or if he was going to do like some guys do after they know they gave you great sex. They think they are God's gift to women and not call you anymore. I decided to wait him out. I watched as this girl named Janet receive roses from her man that she had been dating for about four months now. I wondered if anything would ever happen like that for me one day. I wanted to all day pick up the phone to call James but I would just stare at the phone instead. It wasn't until almost three thirty when I got a call and it was from James. 

  He said, "Hey babe, I was busy with the boss all day, today because we have an inspection from the state coming up next week. He wanted me to head up the particulars or I would have called you sooner. Sorry about that."

  I was flabbergasted because here I was assuming the worst and the poor guy was apologizing to me. I said, "Its' okay baby, I was worried truthfully that you thought I was too weird for you." I decided to mix truth with humor to see where we stood.

  He then shocked me by saying, "No, not at all. I had too much fun making you into my little slut. I was thinking I could do it again soon. Maybe this time, I'll tie you up and fuck you good and hard, the way you like it."

  I was shocked at his reaction but thought he was letting someone listen in on our conversation so I decided to let him have it. I retorted, "Now, now, you can do that, only if you invite at least three of your buddy's baby. Maybe they can help you pick up the slack. I might even have four great orgasms this time." I was being sarcastic but the phone got quiet again. 

  I heard him chuckle then say, "I thought you would like that, me tying you up, sorry."

  I was sorry now that he made me feel stupid or as if someone were listening to our conversation so I said, "I'm sorry too. It's been a long day and I was being mean. I thought you might have someone listening to us, so, I decided to let you have it. I am sorry though. Oh and baby, I would like to have you tie me up and fuck me really good." 

  James was quiet again then he chuckled once more saying, "That's my girl."

  Two days later, I was spread eagle on the bed with all four limbs stretched out on every post of his wooden bed. It was dark and I was blindfolded. He wasn't gentle at all. He had me rough several times and I was in heaven. I had orgasms back to back three times in a row. I guess it was, my acting as if, there were multiple men fucking me as I was helpless to stop them. 

  I felt each thrust from his hips with a vibrancy that made me feel heat in all the right places. My nerve endings leading to my clitoris were extra sensitive taking me to new heights. I began floating with each delicious thrust. I felt his cock separating my pussy lips with each inward penetration. I was floating ever higher, as he increased his tempo and stroke. He fucked me deeper, faster, and harder with each stroke to the depths of my core. A sweet pressure began building inside of my very being then without warning the dam broke.

  I let loose a gush flooding James with my woman juice. I felt like a renewed person as I came down with goose bumps all over and every sense heightened. I felt like a satisfied cat after a relaxing petting by their master, purring. I was in pure ecstasy. James then stroked one, two, three, and four times hard as he let loose his own gush of seed into my body. He was sweating, panting, and grunting his satisfaction. 

  He was using a dildo on me while he had to wait for his cock to get back up. It was different but he was attempting to make the fantasy in my head real. My hair was wet and matted on the nape of my neck. My arms were sore from being stretched out so far and from the strain of when I climaxed. I felt like the dildo wasn't doing very much but going in and out, in and out. Boring but my man was watching so perhaps it would get him excited again so, he could continue.

  I began believing I was a victim once more then asked, "When are you going to let me go? I promise, I won't tell anyone what you done to me. Please let me go Mr.?"

  My man caught on to what I was doing then said, "I don't think so slut. I'm not through fucking your sweet cunt. Now, shut up!"

  I wanted him to take me rough but all he managed to do was start the fantasy then it fizzled out. I never had another orgasm on this night. I guess it was because of his ability not to force me into any kind of true submission. Oh, he fucked me but that was about it. I got a little turned on and wet. However, the excitement of being taken left me desiring what it would truly be like? I don't blame James he just wasn't capable of being truly hard or rough the way I needed it to be. The way I fantasized being gangbanged should feel. 

  The next night, James called me, wanting to go out on a date but I had to work late. He called at least three times trying to get me to tell him when I was getting off work. I finally told him I should be getting off after eight and that we should do the date on a different night because I was too tired. The truth was that I didn't want him to start off perfect and then finish me like a dud. I was truly disappointed when he tried to be a physical dominant male yet failed me. I fantasized over and over again about being forced into a gangbang situation but it was for not. I mean my fantasies were so real to me. When I masturbated by myself for hours and wanted a different cock in my every hole that I was literally creaming in my panties. I would think about it for hours wishing and hoping. 

  The next day, I received a call from James asking me once more to go out after work. I hated to tell him that I was going to be late once again. This time I said that after work I would go out with him but I didn't really know how much fun I'd be. He insisted for me to meet him on the Tenth St. side of the bus station. He would pick me up from there. It was only a couple of blocks so, I walked after work. It was late and dark by the time I got off work. I called on my cellular phone to let James know when I was leaving. I told him that I would walk the necessary three blocks and meet him there. 
