 Perfect Snow Angels

Copyright (c) 2019 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

------------------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

------------------

This is a work of fiction and all characters represented herein are entirely fictional and any similarity to real persons is purely coincidental.

------------------

As I sit back sucking on a frosty margarita on the patio next to my pool enjoying the beautiful 72-degree weather, it is hard to believe that just 2 days ago I was a freakin' snow cone on the side of a mountain.

So why was I a snow cone? It was all John's fault.

John is a friend of a friend who, along with his wife Bonnie, are quickly becoming friends of ours as well. Or maybe after the ski trip to Colorado they qualify as friends with benefits.

It was a week after New Years that Lauren and Rick brought John and Bonnie over. The girls had cooked up some half-assed plan to drag our sorry asses out dancing. Looking at Bonnie and Lauren in their club gear got my club excited, so I excused myself to go get out of my t-shirt and shorts and into something more suitable. Heather had gotten me a silk Hawaiian style shirt for Christmas and a pair of tight white pants. Some loafers finished the look and I was ready to go. 

We piled into John's Escalade and headed out to the first stop. It was a dance club Heather and I had been to a couple of times. Tonight, instead of a DJ spinning dance tunes there was a cover band doing 80's and 90's rock songs. They were not bad. We stayed there for a couple of hours doing some dancing and some talking, but mostly drinking. John alternated between beer and water as he was the driver.

When the next band came up and started with some grunge classics, we all looked at each other and headed for the door.

Lauren named another dance club and John punched it into the GPS. This time, we mix and matched partners and I was seated next to Bonnie in the back. Rick got Heather in the row ahead of us and Lauren got shotgun with John.

Before we had even gotten out of the parking lot, Bonnie had dropped her hand into my lap and began making my tight pants even tighter. 

Lauren had turned around to say something to Heather and must have seen my expression. "It's ok James," she said with a giggle. "We've played swap the spouse with John and Bonnie a few times. Sit back and enjoy. She gives the best head according to Rick." 

Rick nodded and spoke up, "She does. You are in for a treat."

That of course sounded like a challenge and Heather immediately reached for Rick's belt. "Better than me?" she asked coyly.

"Well," he said, "I can give you a better idea if you refresh my memory."

By this time Bonnie had my cock out and was stroking it gently. 

"How long 'til we get there, John?" asked Bonnie.

"About 20 minutes, according to the GPS," he replied then muttered under his breath, "Lucky bastards. Next time we take the Jag and let somebody else drive around town."

Heather chimed in and said, "Why don't we head back to our place and we can drink all we want. We have plenty of room. You can all spend the night and we can all get to know one another better."

"That sounds like a great idea," I said. "We can pick our own music and not have to worry about designated drivers and shit like that."

So we did. 

Later that night (or earlier the next morning), somewhere in the middle of finishing off the second bottle of JD, Bonnie spun the first bottle and it stopped pointing at me. 

"Mmmm. Lucky me," she said in a very sultry voice as she came over and straddled my lap. A quick tug on my cock and I was hard. Did I mention by this time we were all naked for some reason?

She aimed my cock and I slid up inside her like a hot knife through butter. Slow and smooth. Not that this was the first time my cock had been inside her since we got home, but this time she meant it.

It was amazing the control she had over the muscles in her vagina. It felt like I imagine a milking machine would feel like. She would rise up and then fall back down slowly and then do something wonderful with those marvelous muscles. I am pretty sure my eyes were rolling into the back of my head. The room was fading and I heard John say, "Hey, you guys should join us. We have a condo up in Breckenridge. We were heading there in a couple weeks to go skiing. It's a two bedroom but there is a pullout bed in the living room. I think it would be fun."

I could hear the pop as Heather's mouth pulled off of John's cock before she said, "I think that would be lovely. James and I have never gone skiing before..."

I am not sure what else Heather said because I took that moment to grab Bonnie's hips, jam my cock as deep as I could and exploded the contents of my balls deep into her. For some insane reason I started counting each explosion. I hit twelve before I slumped back into the chair. I pulled her close to me, kissed each of her tits hard enough to leave hickies (I did apologize to her about that the next morning) and fell backwards instantly asleep.

While I was out, the rest of them made the plans and it was a fait accompli when I woke up the next morning, still in the chair in the kitchen. Dried semen stuck my dick to the chair. I found that out when I stood up. Ouch.

I staggered over and flicked the coffee pot on and then headed for the bathroom for a quick shower and pee, not necessarily in that order. On my way there, I looked in and spotted Rick sandwiched in between Heather and Bonnie in our bed. On the way back, I saw Lauren and John still sleeping in a spoon position in the guest bed. From the position and the bottle of lube still lying on the bed it would appear Lauren got a round of backdoor action.

The coffee was nearly ready when I got back to the kitchen. Surprisingly, I was not hung over. 

Considering the amount of alcohol, dancing and sex, I was quite surprised bordering on astonished. I grabbed my apron and dragged out some bacon, eggs, found some English muffins and set to work making breakfast.

I started the bacon first knowing that the smell of the bacon and the coffee would probably begin to bring the dead back to life. And it did not take long. Bonnie was the first. 

When I saw her, she was just walking into the kitchen stretching. I walked over and gave her a big smooch on the cheek. 

"Oh, don't do that. I stink."

I wrapped my arms around her and gave her hair along inhale and said, "I think you smell fantastic."

"I think I smell like a night of dancing in a smoky bar followed by a fabulous night of sex. But, right now I need a cup of that coffee, black and a pointer to the nearest shower."

"Coming right up on that coffee. The shower is back the way you came and you can either use the one in the master bathroom or it's the second door on the left."

Smiling she took the coffee, gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and a squeeze on my crotch, before heading back down the hall.

The bacon was starting to sizzle before the next zombie arrived. Lauren came in, looked over the preparations and said, "God I hate early risers," and stuck her tongue out at me.

Taking a quick look under the apron I said, "I'm not really risen yet but staring at you is helping. You know where the showers are. Bonnie was just here so either jump in with her or grab the other shower."

Yawning Lauren nodded and mumbled, "umhuh," which I took to mean yes.

Turning, she nearly ran into Rick as she headed out.

"Oh my god, that bacon smells awesome. And so does that Joe. Can I get a cup?"

"Knock yourself out. The mugs are right there. Bonnie and Lauren just headed for the showers or shower. "

Rick tipped the mug as he left in search of a shower or a shower buddy or both.

Over the next few minutes everybody else trickled in. Grabbed some coffee and headed out for a shower.

A massive, "Oh FFUUUUUK!!" from John announced the end of the hot water.

By then I had toast English muffins ready and the massive pile of scrambled eggs was just about done, which was good timing as everybody trickled back in.

Over breakfast I found out about the plans to go skiing with John, Bonnie, Lauren and Rick. I haven't been skiing since I was in my teens, so while skeptical I held my reservation and said, "That sounds great."

Six weeks later, we met at a little airport outside of town. Shit, I knew John had money, but this motherfucker had his own private jet!!?!!

As I was ogling the plane, Bonnie snuck up behind me and whispered in my ear, "He got in in a bankruptcy auction for a song. But suck up to him anyway, he gets off on it."

After a quick tour of the outside, John ushered us inside and it was just like the private jets in the movies. It was fucking gorgeous. And I told him so.

Laughing he asked me if I would like to sit with him in the copilot's seat while we took off. Hell yah! It was awesome.

Once we were airborne, he sent me back to tell everybody it was safe to get up and move around. Apparently the intercom was on the fritz and he hadn't gotten around to getting it fixed.

As I entered the main cabin, I announced, "The pilot said it is safe to move around the cabin so if anyone hasn't joined the mile high club yet, now is the time."

Bonnie got up and opened the bar and the party got started. 

A few hours later John's muffled voice came back to us announcing that we were about to make our descent into Denver. This was greeted by a chorus of groans. Not the least from Bonnie who had my cock in her mouth and was just teasing me up to the edge for the sixth or seventh time. She took her lips off just long enough to turn her head and yell at Rick to, "Fill my pussy quick before we land."

Wetting a finger, she slipped my cock back in her mouth and slid that finger into my ass and started to massage my prostate. From the attention Rick was getting, it looked like Heather was doing the same to him while Lauren licked his nipple. We both groaned about the same time and I started shooting my wad so hard it hurt. I don't know how Bonnie managed to not choke because it seemed like I pumped a gallon of come into her. 

Rick had finished and fell back on the floor on his back. Heather took it upon herself to clean up the slimy sticky mess that was Rick's genitals. Lauren helped herself to Bonnie's lady bits to slurp up the nectar leaking out.

John yelled out that we better get our asses into the seats because it might be bumpy coming in. 

The girls slid their dresses on and Rick and I pulled pants on commando and we barely made it. John was right, it was bumpy coming in, but we made it safely. After we were done taxiing and the plane was parked, we did our best to reorganize our clothes to get presentable while John finished the logs and other piloty stuff.

We were ready when John came out with a big grin. "I'm glad you guys enjoyed the flight."

The four of us looked puzzled, so Bonnie laughed, pointed and said, "There are closed circuit cameras in the main cabin so I'm pretty sure John watched the whole thing."

He laughed and nodded and pointed to the bulge in his pants. "I'll be expecting some quality time once we get to the condo, ladies."

It took a few minutes to do the post flight outside check and Bonnie went up to the hut next to the hanger. She drove back in an SUV and we loaded up our bags. 

Kissing John deeply and making sure she swirled her tongue around in his mouth, she finally stopped and announced, "I made sure that they will top off the fuel tanks and service the plane while we are gone. It will be ready to go when we head back."

John's face split into a big grin, "God I love a woman who knows how to take charge." 

We piled into the SUV and Bonnie got behind the wheel. "Go sit in the back honey. You drove here; I'll drive to the condo. Rick you get shotgun. You can play with my tits and keep me awake."

The drive up into the mountains on I-70 was pretty uneventful, at least what I remember of it. They said I fell asleep at about 8 or 9,000 feet heading for the tunnel. I woke up when we were going down the other side into Frisco. I had a headache and figured it was a hangover from the JD I drank on the plane.

We got to the lodge late in the afternoon so we unpacked quickly and John offered to take us into town to get out ski tickets and rent skis while Bonnie fixed dinner. She had ordered a meal in a box that was waiting for us when we checked in. I tried to take a peek and got my hand slapped. "It's a surprise," was all she would say.

I took some Excedrin before we headed out and was feeling better by the time we got to the ski rental store. The gentleman who took care of us was apparently a friend of John's and he went all out. As we loaded the gear up into the car, John confided that his friend had been a member of the Austrian Olympic team at one time. So he really knew his stuff and had fitted us with excellent beginner's gear.

When we got back the smell of the food nearly knocked us out. It smelled so delicious I could hear all of our stomachs rumbling. And the taste certainly did justice to it. You could not have gotten a gourmet meal any better, in my humble opinion and I was quite lavish in saying so.

After we cleaned up the dishes, Bonnie announced a desire to go dancing and since she had been the chef we all agreed that was an excellent idea. I snuck away and got some more Excedrin. That headache just wouldn't go away.

When we got to the car, Bonnie announced that we were going to go to a dance club in one of the nearby mountain towns. We all shrugged and Rick said, "You are the native guides. Lead on."

John headed for the driver's seat and we all mix and matched seemingly at random. Lauren had shotgun. Rick and Heather and the middle seats and Bonnie and I were jammed in the back.

We just pulled out onto the road when John slapped the wheel and announced, "I am the biggest dumb fuck of the century." That got our attention. "Not only didn't I get laid on the flight up here, but I just volunteered to be the designated driver so I can't even get drunk about it. Shit, I am an idiot."

That set everybody laughing, until Lauren leaned over and said, "It's ok Sugar. I know a real dark corner and I'm not wearing panties under this skirt."

"Night's looking up," he said brightly.

By this time Bonnie had leaned over and was licking the head of my cock while stroking it. I leaned over across her back and had my hand down sliding up her thigh. It wasn't long before I found out that Lauren wasn't the only one that forgot her panties at home.

As I slid my finger between her already slick pussy lips, she began to moan. That felt awesome as my cock was pressed against the back of her throat at the time and the vibrations of her moan were indescribably delicious. 

As she continued to suck and lick my cock, I could feel myself building up. She must have felt it too because she shifted and did something and I calmed down instantly. After a few seconds, she started up and I started to climb the orgasm mountain from the base again. As I started to feel like I was getting close, she did something and my orgasm faded away again.

"Five minutes out," John called out from the driver's seat.

I was just starting to feel my orgasm coming and this time she let it happen. I started spewing blast after blast of thick ropey sperm into her mouth. It felt like my head was exploding or imploding or both and I could see spots in front of my eyes. 

Finally, I stopped and she came up for a long kiss. As we were playing tongue, I realized my hand was still locked between her thighs, so I removed it and brought it up to my mouth and licked my fingers. She grabbed my head and pulled in for another kiss and when we broke, she whispered, "Mmmm, we taste good together."

Heather looked over the seat and I reached out and caught a dribble of cum that had leaked out on my finger and she pulled it into her mouth to suck it off my finger.

Just then, we pulled into the club and we all pulled ourselves together. A couple minutes later we were inside and I could see why Lauren liked this place. It was dark and loud and there were bodies dancing everywhere. 

We kind of crushed together and followed Lauren and Rick as they shoved their way through the crowd to find a table by the bar. As we jammed our way through, I could see that most of the dancers were women and most were very attractive. Several were outstanding. One that caught my eye was a tall striking blonde with modest breasts, but the top she was wearing had a very deep vee shape with loose fabric so that as she moved her breasts slipped out and waved at the crowd. Heather caught me staring and whispered, "Next time, I'll wear one like that for you."

"Promises, promises," I muttered back.

Finally, we got up by the bar and by some fluke, there was an empty tall round table. No chairs, but a table was a table. As the girls hugged the table to lay claim, John and I pushed through to the bar and put our order in. Looking over while we waited for the drinks, I saw that Rick and Bonnie were gone. 

'Bathroom break,' was my first thought. Then I spotted them back in a dark corner. Rick was dancing behind Bonnie except that he was really close to her and then I spotted that her dress was hiked up in the back.

'Sly devil," I thought. I almost pointed it out to John, but our drinks arrived and in the confusion, I forgot.

Once we got back to the table and passed drinks out, John leaned over and asked, "Do you mind?"

Shaking my head, "no," rather than trying to yell over the music, I gave him thumbs up. Smiling, he turned to Heather and taking her hand, he led her back to the dark corner where Rick and his Bonnie were already getting it on. 

Lauren took this opportunity to back up to my front and start to rub her butt on my now recovering trouser snake. I guess I was not paying attention to my surroundings because I felt like I jumped about ten feet into the air when Rick yelled from right beside me, "Take her back and fuck her. We'll watch the drinks."

I leaned forward and wrapping my arms around Lauren I grabbed two handfuls of her tiny breasts and pulled her back to me. "Rick wants me to take you back into a dark corner and fuck you silly. You game?"

She turned her head and yelled back, "I thought you would never ask." She turned and kissed me while her hand went low and grabbed the goods. She put her hand around my waist and half led, half dragged me in the direction of the bathrooms.

As we headed back, I could see Heather bent at the waist with John deep inside her and somebody I didn't know jamming his cock deep into her willing mouth. My cock throbbed at the sight of my wife being spit roasted in a semi-public place. I could have just sat and watched but Lauren was pulling insistently past the bathroom marked "Hers" and headed straight for the bathroom marked "Theirs".
