 Fantasies. We all have them one time or another. I know I did. But I learned sometimes it's best to keep fantasies in your imagination rather than actually making them come true. After you read this, you'll understand why.

My name is Eva, and I'm 26 years old. My story goes back to last year. I was living with Chris, my long time boyfriend of three years. He and I were in love. We had so much in common and I felt he was going to be "the one" that I would end up with for the rest of my life.

I used to love watching him sleep. His curly hair messy on the pillow and his light snoring didn't bother me. He was tall at least 5'11" with a slight muscular body from having played sports in college. His eyes were sky blue and his eyelashes long. You could say most girls would envy me when he and I walked down the street together. He was very handsome and I was so in love with him.

One night we were sitting up and talking about fantasies. I had confessed to him that my biggest fantasy was to have sex with a stranger. He liked that. He wanted to hear more and I told him everything. He mostly liked the part that I said I'd like to be treated rough by this strange man.

"That sounds kinda hot," he said.

We lay on our bed that late Sunday night. There was a small thunderstorm outside and the power had gone off that evening. We had turned on a few candles to light up the room. 

"You wouldn't get jealous then if I had sex with a strange man?" I asked playfully.

"Well… maybe a little but as long as you were enjoying it, I couldn't stop that."

He leaned down to kiss me and snuggled next to me. "OK so now my turn," I said, "What's your most ultimate fantasy?"

He smiled wickedly and thought about it for a few seconds. "Well I'm going to tell you but don't get mad ok?"

"I won't," I said nervously. 

He turned to look into my eyes. "My biggest fantasy has always been to be with two women at once."

I didn't think anything of it. "Really? Well that's no surprise because isn't that most almost every male's fantasy?"

He laughed. "Yeah I guess so. But I have to say that is my ultimate fantasy."

"Would it be anyone in particular?" I dared to ask.

He raised a brow. "Well you of course… and… I don't know one of your friends."

I raised my head and narrowed my eyes at him. "Are you secretly crushing on one of my friends?"

He gave me an innocent look. "No! Of course not!"

I playfully hit his arm. "Good because then I'd really be jealous."

He scoffed. "Well you asked."

"Ok now be honest with me. In this little fantasy of yours, do you have one of my friends in particular you'd like to join us?"

Chris looked away and I could see his face turning red. "Well… no I'm not saying anything because then you'll get all mad at me."

I put my hands on his face making him look at me. "Please tell me. I promise I will not get mad. I just want to know."

He sighed. "Ok fine. Susan. It's Susan."

My heart sank. Susan was my dear and true friend. She and I went back to grade school. Not that I blamed Chris for eyeing her, what guy wouldn't? She was tall, slender with shoulder length brown hair and stunning gray eyes. 

"Susan?" I echoed.

He groaned. "Yes. You asked. I'm sorry."

I took a deep breath. "That's ok. I mean this is fantasy we are talking about right? I don't have anything to worry about."

He put his arm around me and held me. "That's right. You are and always will be my number one girl."

* * *

A few weeks later, Susan and I were out at the mall shopping for some new shoes. Susan talked mostly about work. She had been single for over eight months, which had been a shock to us all. She usually hung out with me and Chris or stayed at home. 

"I don't like these pumps, they hurt my feet," Susan whined as she walked showing me a pair of red pumps that she wore.

"Well then don't buy them silly." 

She laughed and sat down next to me taking off her pumps. 

Ever since Chris had mentioned the fantasy of us three being together, I couldn't help but look at Susan in a whole new light. I was beginning to find her attractive myself! Her breasts were a nice b-cup size while mine were a c-cup. She wore red lipstick to show off her pouty lips and her hair had curls that day. 

"Why are you so quiet Eva? Is something wrong?" She asked curiously.

I shrugged. I didn't want to bring up the whole three-way fantasy thing with her, at least not yet. I had to admit the whole three-way fantasy intrigued me as well. "Nothing's wrong. I'm fine."

She put the red pumps back in the shoebox and sighed. "Don't try to kid me Eva. I've known you almost all of your life. I know when something is bothering you."

We walked out of the store and back to the halls of the mall. I kept quiet but Susan kept nagging me to tell her what was on my mind. 

"Ok, look I have to ask you for a favor, and you can say no but I really need to ask you," I began.

Susan nodded and signaled me for us to go take a seat at one of the benches. She set her bags down and stared at me. I felt my heart racing. I couldn't believe I was actually going to ask my best friend to join my boyfriend and me in bed!

"Listen, I've known you for a long time right?"

She nodded. 

"Ok so you feel pretty comfortable around me right?"

She nodded again.

"Now Chris and I were talking the other night and he and I were making sort of confessions if you must call them."

"Ok," she said slowly.

"Now I asked him what his biggest fantasy was and he said to sleep with two girls at the same time."

"That's every guy’s fantasy," Susan said to me.

"I know, but I would… I would really like to fulfill his fantasy," I managed to respond.

She stared at me blankly.

"What I'm saying is… well I'm asking if you'd join us."

Her gray eyes widened. "Eva! Are you serious?"

"Shhh! Keep it down!"

"Eva, do you realize what you're asking me?"

"I do. Please just think about it."

"Eva, you and I are close, but this is…wrong."

"What's so wrong about it?" I asked.

"Well you are my best friend and I love you to death! You are asking me to share your boyfriend, who I know you are crazy about, with you?"

"It'll be just for one night," I said nervously.

She looked away and crossed her arms. "I don't know. Threesomes scare me."

"Well I've never had one and I actually don't think it sounds so bad."

"I've never had one either, but just think about everything that would happen afterwards."

"Like what?"

"Well, like how would you and I look at each other? I mean I've seen your breasts before but that was when I was helping you out putting on one of your dresses. Now I'd be seeing you completely nude and you will be seeing me. That might be uncomfortable. To top it off, I'd now know what Chris looks like naked and that image will always be in my mind when I hang out with you two. Or what if afterwards we don't hang out anymore because we feel uncomfortable?"

"Well, those are all good questions Sue, but I just want to fulfill Chris' fantasy. I mean I am taking a big risk letting him sleep with you. You are so beautiful."

She smiled. "You are beautiful too Eva and Chris loves you."

"I love him so much. I just wanted to do something special for him. I would never look at you differently, I promise."

She put her hand over mind and I felt my tears begin to water. Why was I so obsessed with pleasing my boyfriend? Was I afraid he would leave me? Was our sex life decreasing? 

"I will do it for you Eva. But I'll give you until the end of the week, in case you change your mind," Susan said comforting me.

I agreed and we finished our shopping day early that day.

* * *

The entire week at work, all I could think about was the threesome. I hadn't said a word about it to Chris. I wanted to surprise him on Saturday and let him enjoy himself. I kept thinking about the threesome. How would we start? Should I just let Chris know so he could lead us on? Would I be the instigator?

So many thoughts ran through my head until I came up with the perfect plan for my best friend and I to seduce my boyfriend.

That Friday afternoon, I picked up the phone to call Susan. She answered almost immediately. 

"Hello?"

"I haven't changed my mind. I still want to do this if you are willing to."

She paused for a moment before she spoke again. "Yes. I will."

I smiled. "Good then Saturday night ok?"

"Saturday. Around what time?"

"Nine."

"Should I wear anything in particular?

"Something sexy."

"I'll see you then."

"Yes. Bye."

We hung up and I felt so excited as I planned something so taboo and sexy. 

* * *

Saturday night came and it was only eight. Chris had gotten out of the shower. He wore his robe only and his hair was damp. He came out of the bathroom and his eyes widened as he saw me standing wearing a satin and lace negligee. It was short just above my knees and had matching thong black underwear underneath. 

Chris gasped and smiled wickedly. "Ooh you look hot tonight babe."

I giggled and walked towards him giving him a long wet kiss. "You smell so good," I cooed.

"You feel good! I want to take you now and fuck your brains out!"

I laughed. "I'm sure you do, but I have a huge surprise for you tonight."

He eyed me curiously. "Oh? How long do I have to wait for my surprise?"

"Not too long," I said playfully.

He moaned in agony. "Oh come on Eva I need to know! You got me all hard, see." He placed my hand on his cock.

"Yes I see, but believe me, this is worth the wait."

"Ah ok fine!"

He went to sit on the bed and turned on the TV. I went back into the bathroom and brushed my long blonde hair as I nervously waited for Susan to show up. I saw my green eyes looking back at me and I wondered if I had done the right thing.

* * *

After sometime waiting, I thought Susan was not going to show up. It was a little past nine that night and she hadn't shown. Chris kept eyeing me and waited for his surprise. He watched some movie on TV while I paced the room. Finally, the doorbell rang.  
"I'll get that."

"Dressed like that?" He asked surprisingly.

I chuckled and walked out the room. I opened the door and saw Susan. She was dressed in a short black skirt and a white tube top that had very easy access to take off. 

"I'm here," she said cheerfully.

"I'm glad. Come in."

She walked in and I heard Chris yelling from the room, "Eva? Who is it?"

We both walked into the bedroom and Chris' jaw dropped. We both smiled at him. "This is the surprise. I am going to make your ultimate fantasy come true."

Chris remained speechless and his eyes kept wandering towards me and then towards Susan, as if he didn't know who to look at.

"S-susan?" He stammered.

"Yes Chris. Eva told me your fantasy and I'm here to help her fulfill it," Susan said in a flirty, but shaky voice.

I walked towards Chris taking the remote control away from him and turning off the TV. He stared up at me and I leaned down to kiss his lips. I broke our kiss and touched his face. "Do you want to kiss Susan?" I asked.

He nodded. "Y-yes."

I looked over at Susan who stood by watching us. "Susan? He wants to kiss you too."

Susan walked towards Chris slowly and seductively. She sat down next to him and leaned over to kiss his lips. I watched my best friend and boyfriend sharing a long wet kiss. I could see their tongues sliding into each other's mouths. I watched them kiss, for what seemed to be forever. 

Chris broke the kiss and looked at me again. He grabbed me pulling me closer to both of them and put our heads together. We began to share a wet three-way kiss. Our tongues glided with one another so seductively. I must have kissed Susan once or twice but I couldn't tell. 

Chris moaned and I began to undo his robe. He sat back letting his robe come open and exposing his sexy body. I saw the way Susan stared at him. Her eyes glowed and quickly wandered down to his cock. 

"Do you like my boyfriend's body?" I asked Susan.

She just stared.

"I guess she does," I whispered in Chris' ear.

Chris blushed and never took his eyes off my best friend. They came close together again to share another long wet kiss. I decided to sit back and watch. Chris' hands roamed Susan's body and he began to pull her skirt up. She wore tiny lace white panties. She kicked off her shoes and continued letting my boyfriend expose her. 

Chris began to pull her panties down and Susan let him. I decided to help out so I went behind Susan and pulled her tube top down. Chris looked up at me in shock but then smiled. Chris pulled her on top of him, making her sit on his lap. He took of her nipples into his mouth and sucked on it. I stood and continued to watch. 

He took turns sucking on both nipples. I heard Susan moaning and watch Chris now sliding one hand up between her legs. He kept his hand on her pussy and slowly began to rub it. Susan's moans were louder now. She arched her back showing off her pert nipples. 

I was getting so turned on but yet I felt a really small twinge of jealousy. I had never imagined Chris with anyone else but me. I guess no woman likes to think of their lover being with anyone else. I moved closer to both of them and kissed Chris' neck gently while he continued to rub my friend's pussy. 

I was kissing Chris' neck when I heard Susan yelp. Turning to see what it was, my eyes widened as I saw Chris had inserted two fingers inside of her pussy. I watched Susan's face for a moment. Her eyes were shut tight and her mouth parted letting out her sounds of pleasure. Chris was still sucking on her breasts and I continued to kiss on his neck. 

"Ooh this feels so good!" Susan screamed.

I grabbed Chris's face and turned him to me. Susan's nipple popped out of his mouth and I planted a hard wet kiss on his lips. We kissed for a few seconds and then I let him get back to sucking on Susan's tits. 

I stood up and started to take off my negligee. When I was naked, I went back to Chris and turned him to me again. He stared at my naked body and gasped. "Mmm."

Susan stared at me too. Our eyes met for a moment and Chris finally spoke. "I know you two wanna kiss," he rasped.

Susan didn't respond. Instead she extended her hand out to me. I took her hand and walked to her until our bodies met. We began to kiss softly. Her lips were so full and soft. I had never kissed another girl before so this was something new for me. I felt her sliding her tongue in my mouth and I let my tongue caress hers. She began to moan into my kiss. 

Chris' hand rode up my leg and between my legs, just like he had done with Susan. His finger slid inside of me easily since I was so wet. I whimpered quietly but continued to kiss Susan. I realized Chris was fingering us both while we kissed. 

Susan's breath was hot and our breathing became heavy after only a few minutes of kissing. I could smell her sweet scented perfume. I opened my eyes and realized hers were opened too. We looked into each other's eyes and a memory of friendship rushed to my brain. Here was Susan, my best friend, who I loved and respected kissing me. 

We'd talked about so many things from men, to sex and even family but never about girl on girl stuff. Maybe secretly I always wanted to kiss Susan, but was afraid I might like it too much or maybe she wanted to kiss me and she too was afraid of enjoying herself a bit too much. But, for that moment, it didn’t matter. I was enjoying her kiss.

I closed my eyes again never knowing if she closed hers too. I put my arms around her neck and she slid hers around my waist and we kissed passionately like lovers would. Chris' fingers pounding my pussy had me in heat. I felt as if I could explode right then and there. Susan and I continued kissing while Chris fondled our pussies. His fingers were buried deep in me wiggling around trying to find my special spot. I wondered if he was doing the same with Susan. 

Susan broke our kiss and moaned loudly. She tossed her head back and I watched her looking so beautiful as he began to cum. Her lips parted and she climaxed. "Oooh! I-I'm cumming!" She screamed.

The sight of my friend having her orgasm and my boyfriend's face while she had it, made me cum. My entire body tingled and Chris shoved his fingers deeper with a hard shove hitting my special spot. My body almost jolted and I too climax. Chris bit his lower lip and smiled with satisfaction knowing he'd made us both cum. 

After recovering from our wonderful orgasm, Susan grabbed Chris' hands sliding her pussy off his fingers. Chris eyes were filled with lust as he looked at my friend. She flopped on the couch next to him catching her breath. I let him keep his fingers in me and leaned down to kiss him. His breath was short and I felt him slowly taking his fingers out of me. He held me in his arms and we continued to make out.

He broke our kiss and sighed. "Oh wow! Watching you two cum together was so… damn!"

I laughed and Susan smiled shyly.

"See what you do to him?" I asked my friend.

Susan's smile faded and she moved closer to Chris again. She cupped his face and kissed him. They stared into each other's eyes for while. Susan let her hand move down to his cock, which as hard as a rock. Chris gasped and looked down to see my friends' hand was wrapped around his hard member.

"I'd like to suck on this," Susan said surprising Chris and me. 

Chris' eyes widened and he turned to look at me. "What? She wants to suck your cock? Nothing wrong with that," I said playfully.

Chris licked his lips and watched my friend get on her knees ready to suck on his dick. I sat next to Chris and watched my friend take over. She got on her knees, still holding his cock and stuck her tongue out. She swirled her tongue at the tip of the head licking up his gooey precum. She moaned quietly as she did it. I watched Chris' precum sticking to Susan's tongue. Long gooey ropes of precum were glued from her lips to the head of his cock. 

"He tastes wonderful doesn't he?" I asked Susan.

She nodded staring up at him. Chris' eyes were focused on my friend. He sat up cupping her face. "Put it in your mouth. I'm so ready for your mouth." 

Susan did just that. Her mouth opened and she began to swallow up every inch of Chris' cock. She took his cock nicely and moved her lips up and down his long shaft. Chris groaned and laid his head back. I leaned over to kiss his lips. I kissed him softly and slowly because I wanted to continue watching my friend suck him off. 

Susan's eyes met with Chris'. She moved her red lipstick covered lips up and down slowly, staring deeply into my boyfriend's eyes as if she were trying to hypnotize him. I decided to make my way down and help Susan out. At first it felt as if she were almost reluctant to share my boyfriend's cock with me. She looked at me but continued sucking. I got my face closer to his cock and eventually she gave in and let me put it in my mouth. 

Chris' precum was oozing on my tongue vigorously. I rolled my tongue on the tip of his cock, something I knew that always sent him over the edge. His moans increased and I slid his cock deeper into my mouth wanting to suck him dry. Susan moved down some and began to slither her tongue on his balls. She licked them slowly making him lose control. The sounds of Chris' moans and our mouths sucking and licking Chris' private parts filled the entire room. 

"Oh fuck! I'm gonna cum-" Chris groaned loudly.

I took his cock out of my mouth and offered it back to Susan. She didn't hesitate to take his cock in her mouth once again. She pumped her lips on it and Chris' body jolted as he began to cum. I watched my best friend swallowing down his cum. She moaned while she swallowed enjoying his tangy taste. Chris looked at her gulp down his jizz. His eyes were filled with lust. 
