 Kim could feel his massive cock squirming inside of her.

She was on her hands and knees, and his fingers were digging into the soft flesh of her ass, pulling her back as he lunged forward with long, deliberate thrusts. Then another man appeared in front of her, stroking his thick meat and pushing it against her lips. Kim, now totally lost in her newfound lust, eagerly opened her mouth to accept the throbbing tool. Just as her mouth was adjusting to the new toy, she felt the pussy-stretching cock inside her filling her with hot cum, causing her body to ignite. A body-shaking orgasm engulfed her, completely erasing the bad memories of the last week. 

****

Kim had finally talked her fiancée into taking some time off from work, to take that Hawaiian vacation he had been promising her for almost two years. It still had taken her three days of sailing, romantic dinners, and some of the hottest sex she had ever given him, to get his mind off of work. It was worth the sore knees, once he started to loosen up and relax.

Maybe he was too relaxed.

They had gone to the club in the hotel for a few drinks. The bartender was a beautiful, dark-skinned native woman, with long, dark hair down to her tight little ass, and a body to match. Todd had spent the whole evening flirting with her and she had enjoyed the attention. Kim didn't mind. She knew he was a flirt, and it had gotten him fired up. The sex had been great when they got back to the room. 

The trouble began the next day, when Kim left Todd in the room while she was going to take a few hours and go shopping. She was only gone for an hour, when she started feeling guilty about leaving Todd alone in the room. She decided she would head back and take him out parasailing, something he had said he wanted to try. She slipped her key in the door and opened it. The scene in front of her caused her to drop all of her packages. 

Todd and the bartender from the club were on the bed, the same bed that she had shared with him the night before. Their faces were buried between each other's legs and he was screaming, "Oh God baby! I'm cumming."

In disbelief, Kim stood there and watched her swallow Todd's load of cum -- the gulping sounds ringing in her ears. 

Several hours later, Kim found herself sitting in a bar that was obviously off the beaten tourist path, with one too many drinks clouding her head. Then she was muttering to herself, "That fucking bastard. Eating that cum hungry bitch in MY bed! Well, FUCK HIM, and good riddance!"

Kim had thrown her clothes in her suitcases and left the room, telling Todd he could go back home because the engagement was off, but that she was going to stay and have a good time without him. Todd tried to talk to her, to no avail, and finally decided his best bet was to let her cool down, and talk to her when she got back home. He had then packed his bags and went home.

The bartender walked over to Kim and said, "Hey lady, keep it down a little. You're bothering the other customers. What's the matter? You got guy troubles?"

Kim opened up to the bartender, covering the day's events. When she was finished, he said, "Sounds like you could use some fun. I get off in an hour and a few people are getting together at this private beach for a party. We could use a couple of more women."

"Sure, why the fuck not," replied Kim, "I'll show that bastard I don't need him for a good time."

Finally, the bartender walked over to her and said, "Hey babe, I all done here let's go."

It was a short trip in his jeep to get to the private beach, and he drove right down to the edge of the beach before he killed the ignition. About fifty feet away, Kim could see a large bonfire going, with men and women moving around it in a frenzied, erotic dance. Her escort led her down to the party and popped open a couple of beers, handing one to Kim. Kim, whose head was already swimming in alcohol, just slowly nursed the beer.

When her beer was about half gone, her newfound friend grabbed her hand and told her she needed to get into the spirit of the party. He dragged her closer to the fire, and started to move to the music, encouraging her to do the same. Kim could see other couples dancing and decided she was going to have a great time, starting to sway slowly to the sensual music. 

His hands began to move over her, as he pressed his body against hers. Kim could see all the other couples were doing the same. When the music stopped and a slower song came on the boom box, her current partner was replaced by another man. Obviously, there weren't enough women to go around. Her new partner stood behind her, pressed up against her, put his arms around her waist, and began to grind his pelvis into her ass. Kim could feel his hardening cock pressing against her. She began to enjoy the power she had over her impromptu dance partner. 

With each new song came another partner -- each touching her, exciting her, as they made sure she felt the effect she was having on their cocks. A man moved in behind her, joining the one already in front of her, forming an erotic sandwich of human bodies. It was then that Kim realized that all of the couples had wandered off looking for more privacy. 

Kim felt the four hands on her thighs, pushing her short dress up over her body, and then off over her head. This left her covered by just her panties, and four hands beginning to explore her body in earnest. Strong fingers slipped beneath her panties, gripping the flimsy cloth and ripping them apart at the seams. 

Kim suddenly felt very sexy. She knew that all six of the men remaining after the couples departed were watching her naked body gyrating in slow sensual moves. Then her partners were back, moving their bodies with hers. The difference being that they were now naked as well. One hard cock rubbed against her belly, while one in back was obscenely resting between her tight ass cheeks. 

Kim's pelvis began to move forward and back, exciting first one cock, and then the other. Clear liquid began to ooze from the tips of the hard members, lubricating her skin and making the erotic sliding motions even more intense. Kim could feel her pussy releasing its own lubrication. Sweet droplets of dew began to collect in the soft, crinkly blonde hair. Her breathing became ragged as her trip into sexual gluttony was firmly on its way.

A hard mouth pressed against her lips, and her mouth flew open to accept the deep, wet kisses. A hand reached around her, covering her left breast, fingers flicking across her hard, pointy nipple. This caused another gush of feminine love juice that coated the inside of her thighs. Fingers slipped between her thighs from behind, parting her engorged pussy lips and playing with the pink folds of her inner pussy. Two fingers slipped into her waiting hole and began to fuck her with feverish intensity. Kim's hands found both cocks and wrapped around them, jacking them off in time to the slow music.

"God, This bitch is hot!" The horny stud in front of her exclaimed, "Come on baby, show me a good time!"

He put his hands on her shoulders, forcing her down to her knees. Kim could smell the musky scent of his manhood; his hard cock only an inch away from her face. She could see the thick veins running up the length of the shaft, a large purple head crowning the top, a large drop of precum forming on the tip. Her tongue lashed out and slowly rubbed across the head, collecting the small gift before curling back into her mouth. A small moan escaped from her throat as she swallowed. 

As Kim wantonly opened her mouth, he guided his bloated organ between her lips. Kim relished the feel of him inside of her mouth. She eagerly sucked his cock, rubbing the underside with her tongue, pulling him deeper into her mouth. Her other lover, wanting to join in the fun, knelt down and grabbed Kim's hips. He pressed his cock up against her pussy, and planted himself inside of her. Kim got lost in the sexual energy that flowed through her body from both cocks sliding in and out of her. She was a sex goddess, being worshiped by her followers.

The large sweet tasting cock in her mouth was the first to make an offering to Kim. A guttural moan escaped from his throat as his cock started to erupt, shooting thick rich cream into Kim's hungry mouth. 

"Ohh fuck, baby! Eat me! Eat my fucking cum!"

Kim was only too happy to oblige. Each spurt had only a quick opportunity to coat the inside of Kim's mouth, before she ardently sucked it into the back of her throat and sent on its way to her cum-hungry belly. She could feel her mouth-lover's body quaking in the throes of his mind-blowing orgasm. Kim felt her power, the power to drain the sexual energy from her lovers, as the man pulled away from her with a gasp. 

Another man knelt in front of the Goddess Kim and bumped against her lips. She opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around the head of the probing cock. Her tongued played with the rubbery tip, making the new lover want more. Putting his hands on the back of her head, he grunted out, "Come on baby take it all."

Before he had a chance to push it in, Kim relaxed her jaws and lunged forward, taking all of him into her wet, waiting mouth. The cock stretching her pussy squirmed inside of Kim, and just as she was adjusting to the new cock in her mouth, he let loose his cum-cannon, filling her pussy.

It was too much to take, and Kim exploded into a body-shaking orgasm, bringing her back to the present. Her pussy contracted with each wave of her orgasm, marching in time with the throbbing cock that continued to shoot its load inside of her. As his orgasm subsided, he gave Kim a gentle little pat on her ass, and with a soft pop, extracted his cock from her still quivering pussy. If it hadn't been for the thrusting cock in her mouth, Kim would have protested him pulling out so fast. She wouldn't have complained for long, as another cock immediately took its place, extending Kim's orgasm. 

Kim's body was now just a solid buzz of orgasmic pleasure. All rational thought was gone. Her only reason for existence at this moment was pleasing the two hard cocks that replenished her orgasm with each stroke. Kim began to suck wildly on the cock that filled her mouth, as she was jamming her hips backwards to meet every thrust, causing sperm-laden balls to slap obscenely against her fully exposed clit.

Her ministrations were too much to resist and both of her sex slaves, as she now regarded the men who were giving her so much pleasure, screamed in sexual agony and filled her with heady ejaculate. One gave her more to satisfy her hungry belly, and the other coated her womb.

The last two men were more than ready to take the place of the spent lovers. One cock was dancing in front of her face. Kim's eyes suddenly became very large in order to take in the new offering. It was the most massive cock Kim had ever seen in person. It was easily more than ten inches long and thick, god it was thick, with a large mushroom head.

Kim looked up at him and managed to say in a coarse whisper, "Holy fuck, I want that in my pussy! I got to have it in me!" 

The newcomer knew his place, and disappeared from view. Kim could hear him telling the other man to take her mouth instead. She knew there was no argument over the new assignments when a much more manageable sized cock appeared in front of her, which she wasted no time in drawing deep into her mouth. Kim tensed up slightly as she waited for that monster to slide deep inside of her. 

A poke, a thrust, and the elephantine penis -- feeling as though it were splitting her slight frame in two -- impaled her. Kim could feel him filling every nook and cranny of her lusting cunt. Ignoring everything but the pleasure, she sucked and fucked her last two lovers in total abandon. Kim relished the hard meat sliding between her lips, sucking like a bawdy milking machine. The monster cock in her pussy stopped thrusting, with the crown pressing against her g-spot. After a few quick, short strokes, another orgasm gripped Kim. 

Just as she reached the peak of her new climax, the final two cocks commenced to follow the same course the others had. Kim welcomed both offerings with the same intensity as the first. Kim swallowed the last of the cream in her mouth, and as her pussy began to ooze some of the seed from the big cock buried there, Kim collapsed in total exhaustion. 

****

A week passed, and Kim found herself on a plane heading back home. Sweet memories of the last week -- which she had spent with her newfound friends, satisfying every sexual desire she could imagine -- filled her dreams as slept almost all the way home. Kim was surprised to find Todd waiting for her at the airport, flowers in hand and the look of a little lost boy etched into his face. 

"Honey, I am so sorry I cheated on you. I know it was wrong. I've missed you so badly. Please forgive me. I promise I will never cheat again," pleaded Todd.

With a mysterious smile on her face, Kim said, "Oh honey, I do love you, and if you promise to never cheat again, I will even marry you, but I have one more condition. I know you're very busy with work, but I don't want to spend all of my time alone at home. So, I want a one-week vacation in Hawaii every year, all by myself, so I can come back home and give you the kind of reception you're going to get tonight. Well?"

"Of course honey, whatever you want."