 "Hey! I have arrived in Philadelphia for the conference! The shuttle just dropped me at the Marriott. I was thinking....that after I check in, um....I kind of would like to see you this afternoon. I mean, if that would work for you. I don't have anything to do until tomorrow anyway." Marissa somewhat nervously blurted into her iphone.

Luke smiled as he felt a spark shoot through his body. "That actually sounds like a fantastic idea. There's a Starbucks near the main lobby. I could meet you there in about an hour. That way, you will have time to check in and get settled in your room. Hey, we could just talk...no expectations."

Marissa breathed a slight sigh of relief. "Okay, I will see you then!" She hung up her phone and walked over to the counter. Her hands shook a little as she handed the clerk her credit card. The mixture of nerves and excitement coursed through her veins. She knew that this was probably a mistake....but at the same time, felt her arousal building in anticipation of meeting the man she had been having the most intense online affair with for the past year or so. 

Once in her room, she changed into her favorite red dress and admired herself in the mirror. The front of it flattered her ample cleavage without revealing too much. Feeling a little decadent, Marissa applied a little perfume between her breasts. Luke had said "no expectations," but she figured that it never hurts to be prepared for the unplanned or unexpected. If only Marissa knew what kind of "unexpected" situation they were about to find themselves in.

Glancing around the room, Marissa smiled and fantasized for a moment as her gaze fell upon the king sized bed with the huge mirror above its headboard. Her nipples tightened as she felt her nerves being pushed aside by her feelings of desire. She wondered if real sex with him would be as passionately charged as it had been for them in cyberspace. Marissa sucked in a short breath as she felt her loins begin to burn.

"This is a mistake," she whispered, "Damn!"

She then grabbed her purse and headed out the door and toward the elevator. The Starbucks was relatively empty. After ordering a latte, sat down at a table in the corner to wait for him to arrive. It had not been quite an hour, but she knew that if she stayed in her room any longer she would have begun to concoct a plan to seduce him and get him back up there before he could even say a word. 

Marissa's heart raced while she thought about what she was about to do and what it could lead to. She knew it was wrong -- She and Luke were both married to others. Yet, oddly enough it felt so right. 

Marissa looked out the window, which faced up the street toward City Hall. She could just barely see the statue of William Penn standing majestically atop the domed tower. She was so distracted by the sights and watching the hustle and bustle in the street, that she did not notice someone had walked up behind her.

She nearly jumped out of her seat when she heard a soft voice whisper "BOO!" into her ear. Her knees suddenly felt weak as she struggled to stand and turn toward the voice.

"Luke!" Marissa smiled as he smiled back and then gave her a friendly hug, which she returned. 

Their eyes locked as they sat down across from each other. 

Luke stammered, "I can't believe you are actually here! I hope the flight was okay."

"No complaints about it. The cab ride from the airport was a little dicey, but I made it in one piece." Marissa laughed.

Their conversation continued for a while about general things, although each of them could feel an aura of electricity surrounding their small table. Neither knew just how much electricity until Luke's hand rested upon hers. Marissa gasped as Luke inhaled sharply. Her hand immediately turned over and their fingers intertwined.

"Damn!" They both blurted out in a hush. Then they quickly released their hands and silently stared into each other's eyes. It was as if no more conversation was needed and that their communication now was through the deep stares into each other's eyes. 

Marissa broke the silence by whispering, "no expectations."

Luke slowly nodded his agreement, not breaking eye contact. "No Expectations."

They silently rose from the table and slowly walked as innocently as possible toward the brass elevator doors. Each of them fought the urge to hold hands while waiting for the doors to open. 

Marissa felt her heart sink a little when they stepped into the car followed by a few more people. She had hoped to have the car all to themselves. She pushed number nine and soon the elevator began to ascend. Luke and Marissa tried not to look at each other, fearing that those around them would sense their lust.

Soon, the other guests had departed and they were alone with 5 floors to go. No sooner had the doors shut than Luke and Marissa hurled themselves at each other, releasing some of their pent up heat. Their lips met and tongues began to play deep within their mouths. 

Marissa panted and was about press the emergency stop button when Luke grabbed her wrist and stopped her. He pointed at the writing above the button: Alarm Will Sound. Marissa kissed him again and laughed, imagining the awkwardness that would have caused.

The elevator finally stopped on Marissa's floor and she took Luke's hand to quickly lead him to her room. She fumbled with the key card as her hands shook with anticipation. "Damn...I hate these things!" she muttered as she made two attempts and could not get it the door to open. 

Luke placed his hand over hers and steadied it as they slowly inserted the card in together and then quickly removed it when the light turned green. Luke pushed down on the handle and the door swung open. Marissa dropped her purse just inside the door as the strap fell into the doorway. In their haste to lock into another embrace, neither one of them noticed that the door snagged on Marissa's purse strap and had not fully closed.

Marissa moaned into Luke's mouth as they kissed so deeply that neither could tell where on person stopped and the other began. She pushed against Luke as he leaned against the wall. He could feel her nipples boring into his chest through their shirts. He could feel her heart pounding against his.

Her head fell back as Luke kissed his way along her jaw and down the side of her neck. Marissa could barely speak as she whispered, "we should take it slow...I want to savor any moment!"

"Uh huh..." Luke panted, "nice and slow...savoring." His face immediately plunged in between Marissa's breasts. He inhaled her scent mixed with the perfume and began to suck the soft flesh of her breast into his mouth.

Marissa whimpered as her knees began to buckle. "Savoring is overrated!" she said, her voice dripping with lust. She then tore open Luke's shirt and unbuckled his belt. She then swiftly dropped his pants to the floor and pulled him on top of her as they crashed onto the bed.

Luke wildly kissed and sucked on her breasts while his hands pushed her dress down over her shoulders and off her arms. He then straightened up and pulled the dress over her hips and off her legs. Marissa could see the bulge under his shorts. She reached up and pulled him back down on her, their groins pressed together. She could feel her wetness building as her panties began to soak through while feeling his growing erection against her hardening button.

They rolled over and Marissa straddled Luke's hips. He looked down and could see the outline of her swelling wings through her panties. She began to rock and grind against his stiffening cock.

Luke reached up and squeezed her bra-covered breasts as she reached behind herself in order to "set them free." Her bra fell onto Luke's chest and his hands began to caress the full orbs hanging over him - the nipples prodding into his palms. Marissa leaned forward and propped herself on her hands so that her breasts hung above Luke's lips. He responded by voraciously sucking on each one. Tasting....savoring....feasting. All the while, his hands were exploring and squeezing her buttocks, pulling their combusting loins closer together.

Marissa then turned herself around so that she could straddle Luke's face. She slowly lowered herself so that his lips could reach her still panty-covered mound. Luke began to trace the outline of her engorged lips with his tongue. He then began to suck her succulent cream through the silky material of her panties. Marissa's head slumped onto Luke's thigh as she felt a shudder race through her body.

Her hand snaked under the waistband of his shorts and she gasped as her hand finally wrapped around his cock. "I finally get to hold you for real!" she cooed. "It is as I imagined it to be and more...much more!" Luke released the hold his mouth had on her in order to let out a loud moan. He so longed to have her touch him...to touch her...to taste her...to feel with her.

He then slipped her panties to the side and began to run his tongue along the outside of her left lip, occasionally sucking it into his mouth. Luke gasped when he felt a warm wetness surrounding his organ as Marissa began to take him into her craving mouth.

They both knew that they were well past "taking things slow...and savoring." Simultaneously, each pulled the other's final item of clothing off and to devour each other in full frenzy.

"MMMFFF!" Marissa moaned as she felt Luke's tongue slip into her while his finger paid attention to her burning clit. She released his cock from her mouth long enough to moan, "Ohhhhh.....this feels soooo much better than anything you ever described!" She then slowly took him all the way to the back of her throat while cupping his swollen sac. Her head began to pump up and down while Luke's hips rose and fell in rhythm with her. 

Luke's tongue was exploring every fold as he drank her in. He then sucked her bead into his mouth, rolling it around on his tongue. Marissa felt an involuntary spasm as her hips bucked and then grinded onto his mouth. She knew that she could not take much more of this. She also knew that she did not want to cum this way...not for their first time together, anyway.

She forced herself to rise up from Luke's probing tongue and then she released his cock from her mouth. Marissa then crawled up next to Luke and kissed his lips (tasting her love juices on his lips and tongue). "I want you....take me....now Luke." She then rolled over onto her back and pulled him on top of her.

They kissed again as their naked chests pressed together. She spread her legs wide and felt the tip of his cock pressing along her swollen, wet lips. Marissa then reached down and guided him into her very slowly.

"Ohhhhh....Luke, I never knew you could fill me up sooo well." Marissa moaned while she felt the friction between them as it heightened the electricity they were both experiencing. Once Luke's member was all the way inside of her, she could feel his head pressing on her cervix. 

"NNNGGGGG....feelsss.....soooo....gooood!" Her fingernails began to dig into his back as her pelvis grinded upward as if attempting to take him even deeper. "Luke....I am so close...uhhhh.....take me...." Marissa begged.

Luke began slowly pulling back and then plunging forward again. With each thrust, his tempo increased as they began to thrash about...lost in the throes of desire.

"Faster! Deeper! Yesssssssssssss!" Marissa screamed hoarsely as her eyes snapped shut and her back began to arch.

Luke and Marissa were so lost in their mutual ecstasy, that neither one heard the door open...or the approaching footsteps.

Luke could feel his orgasm building and knew he could not last much longer. From the way her pussy was constricting and loosening around his throbbing cock, he knew how close she was too. Just as Marissa was about to cross over the brink, she opened her eyes to look at Luke. She let out a startled cry and pushed Luke off of her, his cock ejecting audibly out of her flowing tunnel.

Luke turned around as Marissa quickly tried to pull a sheet over herself. "Christine! I....damn!" was all he could get out before feeling the palm of her hand slapping the side of his face.

"Don't even try to explain this Luke!" She shot at him, then crossed her arms. Standing at 5'7, thin, with long sandy-blond hair, she looked very attractive, but very pissed. "You bastard! I've known you were messing around with someone online ever since I found that secret e-mail account of yours! Then today comes a mysterious phone call and you feed me some line about having an emergency job in the city, so I followed you. You were so quick to get this slut into bed, that you didn't even shut the door!"

Christine glared at Marissa. "Sooo...you seemed to be enjoying yourself there, with my husband's dick inside you like that!"

Marissa was flushed with embarrassment and remained speechless. She clutched the sheet around her as she felt her warm slick fluids still trickling from between her legs. She watched nervously as Christine approached the bed and grabbed on end of the sheet. With one swift movement, she pulled the sheet from the bed, fully exposing Marissa. 

"No need to cover up! I saw enough of your naked body...and obviously, Luke was getting his fill as well!" she sarcastically spat.

Luke sat on the edge of the bed, unsure of what to do or say next when Christine walked over and stood in front of him. She reached down and grasped his softening cock. He winced as she gave his balls a tight squeeze. Christine noticed that Luke's cock was still wet and slick. She released her hold and brought her fingers up to her face. At first, she sniffed them and then her tongue darted out and licked her glistening fingertips.

"So...this is what another woman's pussy smells and tastes like on my husband's pole!" Christine mused before wiping her hand off on Marissa's chest. 

Marissa couldn't help but to feel a little aroused by the feeling of another woman's hand on her breast. She also noticed that Luke's wife's nipples seemed to protrude a little through her top.

"I'll bet he has been enjoying these!" Christine mused while fondling Marissa's breasts. "Mine are a mere thirty-two A....breastfeeding took its toll on them, but I don't think he cares because he loves tits!" She continued while unbuttoning her blouse and then tossed it on the chair. Christine then stood there, in a black lace bra and her skirt, with her hands on her hips looking at the silent Marissa and Luke.

"So, Luke," Christine queried, "aren't you going to introduce me to your mistress?"

Luke hesitated and finally stammered, "Christine, this is Marissa....Marissa, Christine."

Christine looked back at Marissa and declared, "He can be so inconsiderate sometimes!" She then leaned in toward Marissa and whispered in her ear, "So...Marissa...did my husband lick your pussy? Did he slip his tongue into you? Did he suck on your clit?"

Marissa simply nodded hesitantly to each question.

"He does have a very talented tongue, doesn't he?" Christine huffed into Marissa's ear. "And were you able to take him all the way into your mouth? He IS awfully large and thick!"

Marissa looked into her deep green eyes, unsure of where this was all leading.

"Seeing that I caught you fucking my husband, I want to watch you clean your cream off his very married member. I want you to get him hard again while I watch. I want to see what makes you so hot to him." Christine then pushed Luke down on his back and ran her fingertips along his limp organ.

Marissa was about to lower her lips to take him in, when Christine stopped her. "Just a moment," she said. She then took the head of his cock into her mouth and sucked on it for a few seconds. "I just wanted to remember what your pussy tasted like on him. Now, Marissa, I have never been very good at taking him all the way in...let's see how you do it!" 

With that, Christine slumped down on a chair and watched as Marissa slowly began to take Luke into her mouth. It did not take long before his erection began to build again. Marissa licked up and down his shaft and then played the tip of her tongue along his open slit....Luke began to moan as his cock twitched.

Marissa decided it was time to take him all the way in as she opened up her throat and swiftly impaled her mouth on him. She heard a soft moan and shifted her eyes to Christine's chair. Christine's eyes were wide and fixed on Marissa's mouth taking in Luke's cock. One side of her bra was pulled down and Christine was rolling her pink and erect nipple between her thumb and forefinger. Christine's other hand was under her skirt and moving rhythmically while her hips seemed to gyrate. Watching her, Marissa could feel her own heat intensify and her wetness increased.

Marissa couldn't help but to smile she beckoned Christine over. Looking a little uneasy, Christine pulled her hand out from under her skirt and got up from the chair. Marissa released Luke's cock and reached out to take Christine's hand, bringing it to her lips, then licked the fingers...tasting Christine's nectar. This caused Christine to gasp and pulled her hand back.

"You seem to know how to take my husband's full size into your mouth pretty well Marissa! I want you to show me how to do it like you do," Christine whispered.

Luke's head was spinning as he heard the request. His hand had been massaging one of Marissa's breasts while she was sucking on his cock. He now reached up and placed his other hand on Christine's exposed breast, feeling her hardened nipple, squeezing it gently as he squeezed Marissa's breast.

"You two have no idea what this is doing to me!" Luke blurted out.

Christine leaned down over his face, her hair falling forward around it, and looked him in the eye. "If you are going to be fucking someone else, then I want to know who she is and how good she is. You know that I have never been with another woman...maybe I should try it with your mistress though, so that I can understand what it is about her that got you to stray from me. Maybe after I have sex with her, I will let you fuck me....maybe."

She stood upright and reached behind her back to unclasp her bra, and then let it fall to the floor. "Like I said, Marissa, not nearly as large as yours..." Christine began and suddenly fell silent as Marissa reached up and traced her fingertips around the soft flesh and then around her puffy areolas. Christine closed her eyes and let out a soft moan.

Luke had begun to stroke his erection while watching Marissa touch his wife's breasts. Marissa noticed it first and grabbed his wrist to stop him. "Don't you dare cum Luke!" She scolded.

Christine laughed. "You sound as assertive as I am Marissa! She is right, Luke. You aren't going to cum until we say so....and only IF we say so. You aren't out of my doghouse yet mister!" She looked back up at Marissa. "Okay, show me the best way to go down on him." She then wiggled out of her skirt, hesitated for a moment, and then pulled her panties off. 

Marissa's eyes focused on her light colored and neatly trimmed pubic area. She noticed that some of the hairs near her slightly engorged lips glistened. 

Christine knelt on the bed on the other side of Luke. She was rather amazed by the scenario...yet was feeling so energized by it. She and Luke had been married for over twenty years and here she was in bed with him and a woman with whom he had been having an online affair. To top it off, she had asked the woman for pointers as to how to give her husband a blowjob. 

Marissa could sense slight inhibition and reached over to stroke her back. "Let's start by both licking him...and then work our way from there."

Christine nodded and leaned down opposite Marissa. They both began to run their tongues up and down the sides of Luke's rigid pole. Briefly, their tongues touched. Both women initially flinched, but then when it happened again, they playfully kissed and mouthed his shaft between them.
