 Closing my eyes, I let myself relax on the warm water bed in the dark room. Tepidarium wasn't my thing, seeing how the angular stone bed didn't allow me to rest my ass that always liked to stick out. After the Finnish saunas and the aromatherapy rooms, I was ready to clear my mind. This was a well-deserved vacation and I was going to make the most out of every free minute. 

Although there were a couple more water beds in the room, they had looked unoccupied when I had entered. So I felt comfortable enough to be naked under the towel. I dropped my swimming suit and the spa robe to the floor, picked a large soft towel from the rack and loosely wrapped it around my smooth skin. The sweating rooms had opened up my pores and increased my blood flow. With a twisted mind that's easily swayed, there was no telling what I would dream of and moreover, what I would do to myself in a relatively public place. Well, bar bathrooms are lot more public and well, that didn't stop me before. I guess you could say that there is a certain thrill in getting caught. 

I slowly lied down on the water bed, which turned out to be firmer than I thought. The temperature of it was warmer than the room temperature and felt good on my back and on my legs. My hands moved inside the towel, caressing my breasts and enjoying the softness. My nipples were barely exposed, but they started to respond to my touches.

The door opened carefully. I think there was enough light for the person to see my bare feet at the end of the warm bed. A male voice said "Stacy?" softly, to which I naturally didn't reply. I was actually kind of annoyed that he disturbed my enjoyable moment. But then he closed the door behind him and approached my bed. I caught the whiff of a male body, slightly sweaty and immensely attractive - a matter of pheromones, no doubt. I wanted him right then, just because he smelled attractive.

The door had closed; it was quite dark in the room again. I kept playing with my nipples and it felt good. I moaned slightly, not paying a lot of attention to what the man was doing. He touched my feet, having found the bed without hitting his foot anywhere. Then my toes met something warm and wet: his tongue. After sucking on my smaller toes, he kissed the top of my right foot. Holding onto both my ankles, he moved a little further up on my legs, blowing hot air, kissing and licking. My nipples were rock hard and I squirmed when he slightly bit my right kneecap. 

The stranger's hands moved up my thighs and unwrapped the towel. Technically I was lying completely naked underneath him, but neither of us could see much. I was dripping with burning desire and it didn't matter that I couldn't see his face. My body temperature had increased again and I wasn't alone anymore.

Things got stranger as he didn't move for a whole minute after he had opened my towel. His head was still on my knee, hands resting somewhere on the bed. I could feel his pulse, which was by no means slow, but he wasn't moving. I tried to sit up after a minute to understand what was going on and this time, the reaction came: I felt him stand up and a strong pair of hands pushed me down. Holding me down with one hand, he slapped my left breast with his free hand. It burned when his finger grazed my hard nipple. 

Hooking a leg around him, I pulled him on top of me. He was still holding me down with one hand, but had no problem putting his hard cock into me. I hadn't even realized he was naked when he entered the room. 

It felt like forever as his thick head stretched my pussy; I was being pushed to the limit and it took my breath away for a whole second. He took his time, too, I heard him grunting as he pushed more and more, completely dominating my tight pussy. When I finally felt his pelvis push against mine, I could barely feel him hit the bottom. Girth does trump over length, though, and we were past the point of return. I ground my ass into him and grasped him entirely. Luckily he gave me a few seconds before building up to an enjoyable rough pace. 

We weren't kissing; he didn't let go of my hands and used his other hand to play with my nipples. I didn't feel vulnerable, but I was definitely rather surprised by the spontaneity of it all. Considering he was going fast, his hands were pretty full. After wrapping my legs around him, I felt him a lot more, stretching my walls and rubbing me the right way. I raised my hips a bit more and actually felt him graze my g-spot.

Soon it felt good enough to moan. I guess he was concerned about me up until that point, but me moaning relieved him and he loosened up a bit more. Leaving my breasts alone, he grabbed my ass, propping me up enough to get some spanking surface. The first hit grazed my cheek and left a stinging sensation - he knew what he was doing. Just as I was anticipating the second one, the door opened. 

-Will? Oh my God, Will!

Naturally we both stopped and turned towards the girl standing at the door. The door led into a dimly lit hallway, so I saw a tall, thin woman with a spa towel like mine. "Will" slipped out of me and I let out a sigh. The woman came closer; shot me a look I couldn't see very well. That was partly due to lack of light and partly due to her blonde bangs. She proceeded to scold him, but I wasn't particularly interested in the content. I only heard him call her Stacy. The argument was getting longer and it was killing my buzz, so I decided to try a shortcut to shut her up.

I stood up in all my naked glory and pulled down her towel, which revealed a voluptuous naked body. She was caught off guard and I used the moment to throw her down onto the bed I'd been lying on. Before she could protest, I spread her legs and dove right into her completely shaven pussy. She must have been anticipating some kind of action, because her pussy was damp; my tongue slid in and started tasting her. The protests stopped around that time and she relaxed. When I looked up, I could make out that she was playing with her perfect boobs.

Will stood by for a few minutes, I guess, but then he decided to join in. I hadn't noticed how tall he is, but it proved useful when he went to the top of the bed and started fucking Stacy's mouth. He stroked her face as she complied and I could feel her getting wetter. My index finger traced little eight figures on her clit, which responded soon enough by swelling up, preparing her for an intense orgasm. Will suggested I finger fuck her. I pushed her legs in the air and spread them enough to push a finger in her. She squirmed and moaned with Will in her mouth. I put another finger in and started sliding them in and out. Stacy mimicked the pace on him and soon they were both moaning loudly. He was about to come and thrust deeper into her mouth; she could handle it. When he started groaning, it was time to push Stacy over the edge; I slapped her clit lightly and started sucking and humming on her clit. She shrieked as Will came hard in her mouth. Her climax followed a few seconds later; her legs dropped and she shivered. Her juices ran down my lips and I licked her clean.

Leaving her alone for a minute let her recover was obviously a good idea. She came to herself and then it was her turn to push me onto the bed and straddle me. As her hands caressed my pussy, slowly fingering me to an orgasm, I grabbed her ass and spanked her hard a couple of times. Her fingers locked onto my throbbing clit and didn't let go until I came. She then started rubbing her wet pussy against mine, prolonging the tingling down my spine. 

Will approached her from behind and started eating her out. She was moaning and rubbing against me, but he pushed her down onto me and put his new erection inside her. We started making out as Stacy was being fucked and she moaned into my mouth. Halfway through the motions he pulled out and positioned himself a little higher. She stopped kissing me and said

-Not there, baby, please. 

in a quivering voice, but he was already going for it and didn't take no for an answer. It seemed he took forever going inside her completely and Stacy bit her lips with a mixture of pleasure and pain. After he could move more comfortably, he grabbed her by the hair, pulling it to arch her back into the perfect angle. I also had easier access to her clit and squeezed it. She shook violently and I felt her squirt onto my hand and the bed. 

Will pulled out of her; only to start fucking me, while Stacy lay spent on top of me. Her juices were dripping on my pussy, making him slide all over my pussy with each thrust. I raised my legs in the air and Stacy recovered enough to stay on all fours above me, biting my breasts and playing with my clit. Their combined attention built me up intensely. Will's balls were slapping against my ass as he screwed me as deep as he could. It didn't take me long to climax, toes curling and everything. He kept going all through my orgasm, rocking and enjoying my pussy contracting around his hard cock. Their combined efforts finished me off. Will kept fucking me, picked up pace for the last time and pulled out right in time to come onto Stacy's back. 

I lied motionless on the bed for a few moments, with Stacy lying on top me, her pussy still wet and dripping. Will was on the bed next to us, recovering by himself. I slowly got up, pushing Stacy to the side, and grabbed a towel. Thanking them both, I left the room and went up to my own room. I just had to take a shower...