 Chapter 1

Kai sipped her coffee as she spoke to her friend, Nami. "I'm working up something fun for Camden."

"Oh, what's that?"

Nami was a blond girl of 23, and Kai was a brunette of 25. Nami was very attractive, able to draw male attention (and competition) easily when she was primped up properly. Kai was beautiful as well, although she aimed for a lower profile when she dressed herself up.

"Well, I can't tell you yet, it's still forming. But, I'd like you to be part of it when the time comes!"

"Sure! Is it anything fun?"

"Well..." Kai smiled and pondered a clever way to answer her question, "You could say that I would definitely find it fun. I can't really say what you'll think though." Nami looked intrigued as Kai continued. "You enjoy toying with boys, right?"

Now, Nami looked a little perplexed. "Well, sure, but I mean he's your hubby."

"Oh he'll stay my hubby." She said with a smile, looking out through the window. Nami noticed that she was half lost in thought over whatever she was scheming as she spoke. "Think you can act slutty when necessary?"

"Well... I guess. Hey, wait, is that why you came to me?"

Kai giggled, "No, Nami. Well, I mean, after a fashion I guess, but I wasn't thinking of you as a slut, just capable of being slutty when the situation called for it."

"Hmm. I'm either insulted or proud of myself, not sure which. Alright, so what do you mean?"

"You know, make the boys want you. Use your female charms to put them off guard. Sort of...'guide' them...without saying a word. Show a little leg, whisper softly at the right moment, all that sort of thing."

"Yeah sure, I think I can do that. How 'slutty' are we talking here?"

Kai thought she was seeing weak response from Nami, unexcited. She thought she may have offended Nami with her wording. "Sorry, maybe I shouldn't use the word slutty to describe it."

"Oh that's fine. I'm just not really sure what we're talking about."

Kai moved on. "Can you handle things that are a bit... unorthodox?" 

Now Nami looked really curious, and let a little smile out. "Well... Depends... What, do you mean like something...kinky?"

This drew Kai's attention, and she looked at Nami as she responded. "Oh, kinky...I don't like that word."

"What do you mean? How else do you describe...well, kinky stuff?"

Kai shook her head and shuddered a little. "I don't like that word. Maybe what I'm planning is 'kinky' as people say, but I still wouldn't call it that. People take that word and apply it to stuff, and the stuff is immediately bad. The word means 'weird and freakish'. I am interested in something sensual but unusual."

Nami had learned over the years the significant difference that came from being primped up. She wore make-up every day, and had an obviously carefully crafted wardrobe. Over coffee, she was wearing a dress which was about as sexy as one could get away with at her ordinary office job. She responded, "Well... People who do kinky stuff tend to be pretty...weird and freakish."

"So because there is something that comes up often, it should be universally thought of that way? That's no different than stereotyping based on race."

"Except that it's something that is entirely within someone's choice."

Kai was becoming a bit aggravated at this point. "So there's only one way to be sexually and anything else is bad, weird, and freakish?"

Nami noticed Kai's demeanor changing. She realized that if she kept it up, she probably wasn't going to get to hear what 'kinky' thing Kai was considering. She really didn't care about society's use of a particular word. She had no trouble conceding and getting back to what interested her. "No, no, that would be pretty boring if everyone was the same in bed." 

Kai remained silent for a moment, her glare shortly returning to the window. She was less enthusiastic than before, "Well, I'll let you know when the time comes. I've got more planning to do first."

Chapter 2

"Well, Ava, what do you think? Are you interested?" 

"I don't know Kai. There are a lot of problems with this. I've never met your husband for one."

"Yeah, that makes it more exciting I think. It will be a once in a lifetime experience." Kai paused to ponder a moment, and let show her vulnerability, one of her myriad fears about her plan. More to herself than to Ava, "Nobody else is going to come up with an idea like this, that's for sure." 

"Here, here's a picture of him. That way you'll have at least a rough idea what it'll be like to have dinner with him."

Kai pulled a picture out of her purse of her beloved Camden. Of course, it was a little unfair, as this was obviously one of her favorite pictures of him, him looking his best. But, it presented the general idea. Ava glanced at it. She held it and stared for a few minutes, pondering. Kai became a little self-conscious as Ava showed no positive reaction, but reminded herself that she was considering a lot besides just appearances.

"Well, he's great looking." Kai enjoyed the compliment on her man, but knew that Ava would have said that to be polite regardless of how true it was. "There's also the weirdness of it all. I mean... It's... It's just... I don't even know how to describe it."

"Kinky". Kai offered as she sat with her chin cupped to her hand on the table.

"Well, I guess so. Kinky means sex though, I thought you said there would be no sex?"

"Oh there will definitely not be any sex sweetie. You can strip down naked and get on all fours in front of him, and it's not happening. And that's not because I trust him so much, I wouldn't trust any guy to be able to resist your hot body in that position!"

Ava smiled and blushed terribly. She had to turn her face away to hide it, both at the compliment and the sexual context it was offered in.

It was taking a long time for the blushing to subside. Ava was getting more embarrassed at how long she was blushing, which didn't help solve it. She decided she was going to have to break the ice to get her mind calmed down. "So, you're calling me ugly then?"

"No! Huh? Wait, what?"

Ava smiled, successfully having controlled her blushing with a touch of comedy. "Well, I'd have to be pretty ugly to be naked on all fours and him turn me down!"

Kai laughed when she understood her comment. "No it's not that. The whole no sex thing is part of the plan you'll just have to trust me on. And I hope you trust me, because the whole fun of this is going to depend on that. I'm not saying what you should do, just teasing him is plenty fine, but if at the end of the night, you are brave enough to do what I just described, I'm all for it, it'll just be more fun to be had!"

"Well, I'm not doing that. But, I trust you Kai. You've been honest, and a great friend, even if I haven't known you all that long. And, it doesn't hurt that you are asking me if I'll go on a date with your husband, even telling me I should tease him as much as I can, with respect to trusting you that he's going to behave."

"Oh, no, he isn't going to behave my naïve friend!"

"Hey!" Ava put on a playful pouty face, "I'm not...naïve. And what do you mean he isn't going to behave, I thought you said he would?"

Kai smiled at her friend's playfulness. She was glad for the lightheartedness of the conversation. It was making things a little easier. "I can assure you there'll be no sex, but if you tempt him enough he'll probably give in to just about anything else."

"Well, aren't you worried?"

"Well, that's a matter of me trusting him, first, and you, second."

"Then you think he just won't do something like try to kiss me?"

"That probably depends on you. But, I think I can trust you, and I know I can trust him. He may not be able to control his boyish instincts to want sex and go after it, and he may get lost in the moment and kiss you, or something else, but I can trust that his feelings for me won't change in a night with you, a month with you, or a year with you, and I can trust that sex won't be happening. I've got everything that's important to me covered. If you kiss, that's fine, it's not like he hasn't kissed women besides me before. Since he hasn't done it in quite a long time, it'll probably be fun for him."

Ava pondered for a long time, quietly. She stopped looking at her friend across the table and watched the people coming and going.

"I don't think I can do it."

Kai sat still, waiting to see if her friend explained further.

"I'm sorry," was all that Ava offered.

Kai waited a moment longer, but nothing more came. Kai lowered her head, disheartened.

"That's alright. I appreciate you considering it at least. Do you think the worst of me now?"

"What? No, why would I think badly of you?"

"Well, I mean you'd have to think some negative things at this point. I want to do something weird, kinky, or maybe I'm foolish for believing I can trust my husband. It's a waste of your time and you don't want to be out on a date where nothing can come of it. You think I'm just weird and that my relationship with my husband must be fucked up and I don't see it, and you, or, or," she repeated herself as she moved her arms about some, a bit flabbergasted, "or maybe you just think it's just stupid to go on a date with a guy where you try to offer up sex instead of letting him chase –" 

Ava cut her off. "Ok, I'll do it."

"chase... him..." Kai slowed down. "What?"

"The only reason I didn't want to is because I didn't want it to go badly and hurt you, or to lose my friendship with you. But I'm also seeing that it means something to you if this goes right, and I'm a little bit of a risk taker. If I can do this, show your hubby a good time, then I'm thinking you are going to love me twice as much as your friend, and with someone who as good a friend to others as you are, that sounds like a worthwhile risk to take if I want to stand out and be a closer friend. Plus..."

Kai sat waiting, her eyes intense; her thoughts were mute as she waited for the next word or words. 

Ava paused a moment. "Plus, I think you're right."

"Right?"

"Well, you obviously think that this is ok. You believe that you can trust your husband when everyone else would say you can't, which tells me maybe you can. You believe that it will be fun to go on a date where the girl is cutting lose and the guy is holding back. You don't believe you're being disrespected by sharing him. I can see you actually believe in all this, and so if I'm going to be your friend, a good friend, I should consider what you have to say, and I think you might be right. Maybe this is actually, truly, ok, even if it is...well, kinky."

Kai let out a deep sigh of relief and took a sip of her tea.

"Besides, I can prove I'm not a gold-digger this way."

Kai looked up at Ava, trying to figure out what she meant.

"Huh?"

Ava laughed. Kai smiled but continued to look bewildered. She asked again, tilting her head a little to be goofy, "Ava says what?"

"I just mean... Girls think all kinds of nasty things about each other, and they'll never tell each other. Even girls who are good friends. I've learned that with friends that are worth it, I should look for ways to show that I'm none of those nasty things before they think it. If I can do this, you'll know I'm not a gold digger, because I'm willing to have sex with a man without needing him to give me any jewelry, or money, or commitment, or anything else."

Kai liked that Ava cared about maintaining her girl-girl friendships. Kai thought they were hard to keep healthy with the backhanded fighting that so often came about. With the mood now lightening up quickly, she toyed with her, "So you'll go act slutty with my man and I'll think better of you, ah yes that makes sense!"

"Hey! I'm.. I'll be... I'll be acting sexy, not slutty!"

Kai laughed. "I'm not sure there's a real difference besides that sluts travel in packs and sexy girls go solo. And what do you mean you're willing to have sex with my man?" Kai was still smiling.

Ava smiled and laughed back, "Humph. Sexy girls are also...creative, too. Slutty girls all act slutty in the same way." Ava conveniently ignored Kai's second question, which Kai noticed and smiled at Ava's playfulness.

"I like your style, you're going to do great." She resumed sipping on her tea while relaxing. 

"So, you'll come to our place tomorrow night and he'll take you out somewhere from there." Kai noticed Ava nearly drop her own drink to the table, "Dress your best and look hotter than the sun sweetie. Oh, and your ultimate goal should be to get both of you naked, then you'll actually understand why he isn't going to have sex with you. If you even come close to accomplishing that, I'll take you out for dinner myself!"

Ava looked shocked, although she was having a hard time adding any new shock factor to the expression after the way the conversation had already progressed. 

Kai leaned back in her chair, satisfied. 

"Tomorrow?" Ava said, looking stunned and lost.

Chapter 3

Ava stared at the doorbell. She had been staring for a while, minutes. It was a continuation of the doubts she'd had driving over. Those were a continuation of her thoughts while she was getting ready. She'd had to take the day off of work to go buy a new dress and primp up properly, given the short notice. 

She was very nervous. She still didn't understand how this was going to work the way Kai said. She was beginning to fear that Camden was going to come out of the house on his own having noticed a girl standing on his doorstep for an extended period. That was going to be embarrassing. Very embarrassing. Ok, she thought, she just has to get this started, then it should be easy.

Finally, she rang the doorbell, and as soon as she did she wanted to make a run for it.

After a minute, a man appeared. He was a little taller than she was expecting. He looked like his photo though. "Hi, Camden?" She tried to use her most girly, playful, excited voice, but there's only so much someone can do with two words. She was really concerned about making a good first impression.

"Ah, yes. What can I do..." It had clicked that she was dressed up elegantly. She could see that it was suddenly perplexing him that a girl who knew his name was here as if to go on a date. He'd obviously been expecting the typical salesperson or survey taker at the door.

"Hi, you look great! A little taller than I was expecting!" She didn't explain herself, leaving him perplexed a little longer. Why not flirt right away, that ought to make for a great first impression, and leave him confused. Ok, good, she thought. She's getting a handle on this.

He responded slowly. "Uhm, thanks. What can I do for you?" He said, becoming wary. Ah, shit she thought. I might be going down the wrong path.

"Hi, I'm Ava."

"Ava?"

"Yes, Kai sent me?"

"Ava... Oh, her friend from work. Ah..." He paused a moment while recalling. "Yeah, Kai has mentioned you. She's not here right now I'm afraid. You can come in if you want, I'm not sure when she'll be back."

What? He's acting strange already. Why isn't... Kai said he would be expecting her...wait...did she say he'd be expecting her? Oh shit! He doesn't even know about this? Kai! She has to explain this to Camden??

He swung the door open more and gestured for her to come in. She stepped inside and resumed the conversation just inside the house.

"No, I'm here to see you." She said, toning down the flirting in words, but keeping her voice as friendly as she could make it.

"Oh! I.. uh..." He was utterly speechless. Then, instead of gathering himself, suddenly it seemed like a realization hit him and he became more speechless.

Ok, she had to get over this speed bump of communicating what was going on, then this would all go smoothly, she could do well for Kai, and they could all enjoy themselves. Although... she basically had to ask him out on this date, while explaining that it was acceptable because Kai had said so, special terms, etc. Ok, maybe it wasn't a speed bump...Maybe she needed to climb over a small mountain here? Ok, ok, no, it's not that bad, she told herself. Calm down. It's just like climbing a ladder, scary but quick.

She decided to jump onto the ladder. At least it would get past this horrible, awkward initial stage. Maybe. Or, she'd be thrown off the ladder painfully. She summoned an inviting voice, trying to be playful. "I'd like to take you to dinner. Maybe a little... date? I mean, you don't have to..." Holy shit. She had never realized how hard it was asking a guy on a date before, especially with unusual, special circumstances. She suddenly developed some newfound sympathy for guys. 

"Oh! Uhm..." 

She wasn't enjoying the slow reaction. Man, she thought her dress would be so hot he'd be all for it. Guess he was a good guy after all, really wanted to protect Kai. She'd better help him out a little, she thought. "It's ok with Kai. In fact, it was her idea."

"Ah...yeah... ok, that begins to make sense. Ok..." He was acting as strangely as anyone she could remember. Well, maybe not any worse than Kai at the café yesterday. Wow, must have been really hard for Kai to come to her and ask her to do this, it suddenly occurred to her. It wasn't asking someone out on a date, but it was probably even harder to be asking something so unconventional.

Ava was not feeling terribly well. She felt like she was failing with Camden, she was suddenly realizing that she hadn't been very sensitive with Kai. Well, she hadn't been that bad. 

He stuttered out, "I uhm... well tonight..."

Ouch, yeah, she'd been resistant to Kai too, flat out said no at first. She decided that she'd acted like a total bitch to Kai. Slut. Worst kind of whore. Poor Kai, even if she'd turned down her request that must have been horrible to come out and ask. 

"Ok, yeah, I'd love to." He said, summoning up a fun tone. "Is it ok if I just go get ready for a few minutes?"

"Sure." She said, smiling, playful. She was not going to let her self-doubt blow this, she told herself. Meanwhile, her self-doubt was chiming in to remind her what an unattractive bozo she was.

"Are we going somewhere in particular? Should I dress... never mind," Ava tried to chime in and explain, but he continued, "I can see how you're dressed... I'm sure I can find something to match... Well, actually, that's a really pretty dress. I may have to pull out some fancy stuff for this."

Ah, that's good, he's flirting just a little. Or, wait, maybe he meant that it was a fancy dress, in that he needs to go grab a suit. Shit. Are girls this ambiguous when a guy picks them up? Shit. Of course they are. She always was. Intentionally. She would groan if it wouldn't make things worse. 

"Make yourself at home."

After he left the room, she sat on a chair. And groaned.

A few minutes later he returned in a very nice suit. His hair was slightly improved, although he'd been reasonably well dressed and done up before he'd gone into the bedroom. She wondered if he'd actually been expecting company, or to go out or something, because he had been looking pretty good when she arrived. Or, maybe he's just good looking, she pondered. Ok, what am I thinking? I might as well have a package under this dress with thoughts like these. Eww, she thought. 

"I apologize, you caught me very off guard. You know, Kai obviously wanted to surprise me with this treat, I was certainly not expecting some beautiful girl such as yourself to show up and suddenly ask me out on a date. I'm sorry, you look amazing, and must be really great for Kai to have picked you of her friends. I'm really looking forward to getting to know you!" 

Her self-doubt whined in her head since she couldn't out loud. Great. He had a few minutes to go into the bedroom and wrap his head around this, he realized he was being rude and thought up what he needed to say when he'd come out. 
