 Was it the way he touched her or the way his hard cock nestled deep inside her pussy? Whatever it was, Katherine loved the sensations in her body as she rocked slowly back and forth on Rick's cock. Looking down at his face, she watched the shadows from the flickering candlelight dance on his rugged facial features. His eyes were closed, head moving slightly from side to side, his face grimacing from the exquisite pleasure of having her womanhood wrapped tightly around his cock. Slowly she rocked on his hardness as if she had all day to suck the juice from within his body.

The vision of Rita and her strap-on dildo entered her brain and the thought of it plunging into her repeatedly sent a shiver of lust through her body. It had only been a few days since she and Rita made love in the shower of the health club and then spent the afternoon in Rita's bedroom exploring each other's bodies. Katherine was surprised and thrilled when Rita had pulled her strap-on dildo from the dresser. She had moaned and groaned, thrashing on the bed as Rita fucked her with the latex shaft that never went limp. After Rita pounded her repeatedly with the dildo, Katherine pulled her down and climbed on top, shoving the thick latex cock back into her pussy. Katherine smiled and moaned as Rick's cock penetrated her pussy but her thoughts were not of his pliable hard erection. Her brain was filled with the ecstasy that Rita and she had spent together that afternoon. Another pang of lustful desire swept through her as she thought of how she had taken the strap-on off Rita and in turn fucked her until she screamed out her intense orgasm. 

Her fingers grazed along his muscular chest, massaging his nipples before pinching them between her fingers. His moan and the upward thrust of his hips betrayed the fact that he loved having her pinch his nipples. As if to respond to the challenge, his hands covered her breasts, softly stroking the milky white globes of flesh. She moaned, throwing her head back when his fingers captured her nipples, slowly twisting and pulling them. The thought of Rita flashed through her mind as she recalled how Rita had done the same thing to her when she kneeled between her open thighs Rita's thrusting the dildo into her willing womanhood.

The intensity of their lovemaking increased as she rode his cock while he massaged her stiff aching nipples. Her body ached with passion and soon shifted into another gear, her hips moving up and down the rigid shaft faster. Matching stroke for stroke, Rick's hips rose off the bed each time her hips descended downward on his cock.

"Ohhhhh baby, your cock feels so good in my pussy" she whispered breathlessly.

As if on cue, Rick pulled her body down on top of him, rolling her over until she lay flat on her back under him. He grabbed his cock in his hand and pushed it back into her warm tunnel, taking control of how quickly they fucked. With a long slow movement, he pulled his cock out of her pussy, listening to her gasp, until only the head was resting inside her puffy lips. He felt her legs wrap around his waist, her heels digging into the backs of his thighs, urging him to plunge back into her moist smoldering sex. Not wasting a moment, his groaned filled the room as his cock slid deep into the searing heat of her pussy.

He felt his cock tingle from the intense warmth of her womanhood. It throbbed with the anticipation of his impending explosion as he thrust his hardness in and out of her slippery love canal faster and faster. Panting hard he pushed his hips against her welcome thighs, trying to bury his cock deeper than it could actually go. In all the years of marriage, Rick still marveled at how their sexual appetite for each other never seemed to wane. He felt her hips rise and fall with each plunge of his cock inside her warm vagina, her breathing becoming more labored. Leaning over her, he watched her breasts rise and fall from each deep breath she took before he felt her hands grab his head, guiding him to her sensitive nipples. She cried out loudly when his lips captured a nipple, licking the sensitive tip with his tongue before drawing it into his mouth at the same time his cock fully filled her wet tunnel.

They rocked together in sensual bliss, touching and kissing whatever part of their partner's body that was closest to their hands and mouths. Their bodies responded to the urgency of each other as they climbed together toward orgasm.

Rick felt Katherine's vaginal muscles clamp around his shaft each time he tried to withdraw from her moist pussy. His cock began to throb harder with each thrust into her warmness. Pulling his mouth off her nipple, he kissed his way up her heaving chest and supple neck until his lips tasted hers. Their kiss was intense, his tongue pressing sensually against hers, probing into her mouth before being sucked in deeper, only to escape and feel her tongue take the initiative and hungrily probe his mouth. 

He sucked on her tongue trying to draw it further into his mouth, feeling it slide along the inside of his lips before exiting, waiting for his tongue to return the favor. They played the game together, teasing each other with their tongues as their passion for orgasm grew stronger. He knew he wouldn't last very long as the sensations in his cock became more and more pronounced. Breaking the kiss, he called out "baby my cock is aching so bad.... I'm going to fill you up with my cum."

Picking up speed, his hips moved faster, thrusting his cock into her cunt as she moaned with delight, twisting her head from side to side. "Come on honey, fuck my pussy harder ... ohhhhh that's it baby ... yesssss ... harder" she yelled breathlessly, encouraging him to pound his cock harder and deeper into her cunt. Katherine closed her eyes and saw the vision of Rita looming over her body, plunging the strap-on dildo in and out of her pussy as she withered in ecstasy. The picture of Rita fucking her with the dildo as her breasts swayed above her and the pounding of Rick's cock sent wild shivers of lust to every part of her body.

"Ohhhhh baby fuck my cock. I want to feel you cum all over my hard cock" he whispered as he felt himself on the verge of his orgasm.

"Now ... baby ... NOW ...ohhhhhh ... yesssssss ... pump your hot seed into me" she screamed, feeling his cock throb uncontrollably.

Their sweaty bodies slid against each other as the oncoming orgasm in each of them overtook their senses. Panting and whispering encouragement, their bodies tensed together as their sexual release consumed them. Katherine felt the hot fluid of his release flood her pussy as her kegal muscle flexed around his hardness, trying to milk more of the juice from it. Grinding her hips faster against his throbbing cock, she felt her body go rigid as her own climax mixed with his. Breathing heavily they held each other tight as their bodies jerked together releasing their pent up passion. When the final wave of orgasmic released washed over their bodies, they lay together holding each other tightly, whispering their erotic thoughts to each other. As they came down from their orgasmic climax, Rick rolled onto his side facing her, tenderly kissing her lips as his hands slowly stroked her body.

Katherine commented "Mmmmm Rick that was wonderful. You still make me feel like we were just married. By the way you have a birthday coming up in a couple of weeks. What do you want for your birthday this year, as if I don't know already?"

"I do need a new suit and tie" he responded, knowing she was waiting for his standard reply he gave her every year.

"Isn't there anything else I can get you" she said teasingly.

Rick knew what she was trying to get him to say so he laughingly commented "well, you could get another woman to join us."

She had told him shortly after their wedding about an affair she had in college with her roommate, Amy and now every year when she asked him what he wanted for his birthday he would tell her of his fantasy to make love to her and another woman. 

She and Amy had spent many hours nestled together in their dorm bed making love as each of the seasons came and went. After college the two of them went their separate ways and she never thought she would find another female who brought out the intense fire inside her that Amy had. Amy had done things to her body with soft touches and kisses that had made her whole body burn with lust. 

When she met and eventually married Rick, she put that part of her life in the back of her mind. But every so often she was reminded of their fiery friendship whenever she met another woman who reminded her of Amy. That woman now was Rita, and the lust between the two of them was evident to her from their insatiable lovemaking in Rita's bed a few days ago. 

As she ran her fingers lightly over his skin, Katherine wondered what it would feel like to have her husband and Rita together in the same room, naked and pleasuring each other with touches and kisses. She felt a shiver of excitement run through her womanhood as the erotic images danced in her head. She and Rita had discussed the possibility of them getting Rick his birthday wish and she recalled how they laughed as they planned the erotic birthday present. Katherine's body shivered again as she wondered what it would feel like to again to kiss Rita's erect nipples, lick her clit and ultimately bring her to a shattering orgasm as her husband fucked her from behind. 

Looking at her husband, she could see that he knew she was thinking of the possibility. She smiled at him in the flickering candlelight as she bit his nipple and teasingly said "You're just a dirty old man."

"Owww that hurts. Besides, what would you think if I suddenly acted like a prune instead of a dirty old man?"

"I want you to be horny and stiff and at my beckon call anytime I want you."

"Let me make love to you and another beauty and I'll be your slave forever" he said teasingly, reaching out to caress her exposed nipple.

"Mmmmmm now you're talking" she answered sucking a bit harder on his nipple, bringing a moan of desire from his lips and a jerk from his manhood. "I'll have to give that some thought. Do you think this big fella is capable of pleasing two women?" she said playfully pulling on his cock.

"We'll never know unless we try it" he replied, pulling her against his body, feeling the blood surge back into his manhood as he kissed her passionately.

Katherine melted into his arms as her body responded to his touches, renewing the flame of desire between her thighs. She kissed his lips hard and passionately sucking on his upper lips, thinking to herself if he only knew what lay in store for him. She and Rita had talked at length about how to surprise Rick and as his fingers lightly ran over her body, she pictured Rita's fingers dancing on her skin, exciting all the erotic senses in her body. She reached down and felt his manhood stir to life again. Sliding down his body kissing and licking a trail to his hardening shaft, she thought of Rita and how much fun they were going to have with his body.

Rita felt the hot water cascading over her body and shivered at the thought of caressing Katherine's body again. They had decided to give Rick his birthday present a few days early so as to not arouse any suspicion. She thought of their plan for tomorrow night, feeling the sensual urges in her pussy begin to stir. She didn't want to wait until tomorrow as her mind filled with erotic images of Katherine and Rick. Running the bar of soap over her nipples brought a soft moan from her lips as they hardened from her touch. Her body wanted to be caressed and teased all over by Katherine but she was not here to satisfy the growing hunger inside her.

One hand stayed on her breasts alternating between them, pinching and twisting them lightly while the other moved slowly down her abdomen toward her mound. Rubbing the outside of her fleshy mound she felt her hips move on their own accord in a small circle. When her fingers penetrated the soft folds of her vulva, she sighed, turning her face into the hot stream of water. She imagined Katherine's fingers playing a delicate tune on her puffy lips before sliding inside, touching her growing jewel. She gasped for breath as her fingers toyed with the sensitive clit, rolling it around and pressing against it. Katherine's face filled her brain as she moaned her pleasure in the shower. The photo in her brain switched to Rick's image and she imagined his fingers sliding down to her opening then thrusting inside, feeling her heat on his fingers lodged inside her.

Rita changed the spray on the shower head to a stream and aimed it at her pussy. She slumped against the glass wall, pleasuring herself with erotic thoughts of Katherine and Rick as the steady stream of water beat on her pussy lips. She wanted them to satisfy the fire raging within her as her body became consumed with lust. Plunging her own fingers in and out of her pussy, she cried out her pleasure to the steam filled bathroom. The fingers on her breasts played with the hard nipples, sending sharp sensations of pleasurable pain and lust through her body.

She felt her kegal muscles clamp around her invading fingers, milking them as they would a hard cock. As her fingers moved more quickly in and out, her thumb found her clit and rubbed around the sensitive jewel before pressing it hard. The cry from her throat surprised her and her body bucked harder against the glass wall. She only wanted one thing now and that was release as erotic images Katherine and Rick danced in her brain. Opening the glass door, Rita ran into her bedroom to retrieve her dildo. Finding it in the bedside table drawer, she ran back to the warmth of the hot shower water. This was the same cock she and Katherine used without the harness. Bringing it to her lips, she pictured Rick standing before her naked, with her mouth about to accept his hardness.

Pushing it into her mouth, she groaned around the latex cock as it slipped deeper into her mouth. Sucking on it brought pleasurable images of other cocks she had allowed into her mouth. While she liked to play with women, Rita also liked the feel of a real hard throbbing cock in her mouth and pussy. Pulling it from her mouth, her hand slowly guided it down her throat, over her breasts and down her stomach to her burning womanhood. She wasted no time rubbing it over her clit and then to the opening of her tunnel. Pushing back against the slippery shower wall, Rita cried out as the cock entered her waiting pussy and the jet stream of water hit her pussy.

Grabbing the very end of the dildo, Rita pushed it all the way into her and felt her knees buckle a little as waves of sensations washed over her body. Moaning and groaning, she pleasured her pussy with the dildo as she imagined Rick might. She wanted him badly and with each stroke of the cock deep into her cunt, she imagined him towering over her, thrusting his hardness into her. She felt her desire grow as the images of Katherine and Rick seemed all too real. Her back arched against the wet wall as her fingers danced over her nipples and the latex cock sawed in and out of her wet pussy. She felt her body climb to the pinnacle of her orgasm and as she cried out their names, her body stiffened and jerked as her pussy spasm around the dildo. Grabbing the top of the shower with one hand, she steadied herself as her body wracked with passion, shook in the throes of orgasm. When her body's jerking slowed she tried to catch her breath as her body returned to normal. She smiled, thinking about tomorrow night, knowing that she could not wait for it to get here.

"Rick would you be a dear and go with me to the health club tonight" Katherine said looking at the clock on the living room wall.

"It's almost eight o'clock and the club closes at ten" he responded with a small hint of irritation in his voice.

"I know its late honey but I'm going to miss tomorrow morning because I'm going shopping with Helen and I'm not going to get to exercise again for three days and you I need to keep my womanly figure. Beside you've been working too hard lately and a good workout tonight will help you relieve some of that job related stress." Katherine gave him a demur smile that she knew would melt his cold heart. Whenever she wanted something, the soft smile that hinted of sexuality always did the trick.

"Well I could use a good workout on the free weights. I haven't had the chance to any lifting for a couple of weeks" he commented getting up from the sofa.

"You'll be glad you did the workout once you start it. Besides if you have enough energy when we get home, I'll give you a special treat" she said almost laughing at the thought of what she and Rita had cooked up.

"Mmmmm I wonder what you could give me that is so special" Rick said. He thought of her loving mouth wrapped around his cock and slowly sucking him until he shot his creamy load into her mouth, or maybe she was planning to tie him to the bed and have her way with him. Whatever it was, he felt a slight stirring in his pants as the erotic thoughts rolled around in his head.

"You'll just have to wait and find out what the special treat is" she whispered in his ear.

The two lovers stood in their living room, holding each other, kissing tenderly. Rick felt a surge of desire in his body when her breasts smashed against his chest. He always liked the feel of her breasts against him and he pulled her tighter to his body letting her feel the growing erection in his pants.

Katherine pulled away and whispered "we had better go or we won't go at all."

Rick wanted to pull her back against him but reluctantly followed her as she pulled on his hand. He wanted her naked so he could touch and kiss her body all over. He knew if he played his cards right, she would have something special in store for him when they returned home.

The parking lot was almost empty when they pulled in and found a spot near the entrance. Usually there were so many cars at the club that it was difficult to find one so close. "Maybe we should come late more often so we can get a good parking spot" he mused as he shut off the engine.

Rita was behind the desk and watched with lust in her eyes as they crossed the foyer. She felt a twinge of desire between her thighs as she tried to play out their game with Rick. He looked as if he didn't want to be there and the smile on Katherine's face indicated he was clueless to what was about to happen to him. She smiled at the couple saying "you two are out late tonight."

"I'm going to miss a few classes and wanted to get my exercise in before the weekend. I brought my bodyguard here to protect me when I leave late tonight" she said winking at Rita so Rick could not see. 

"Well there are a few people wrapping up so you should have the gym to yourselves in a little while" Rita replied. She wanted to jump across the counter and kiss this lady who was going to share her husband with her but restrained herself with the thought that the evening was just beginning for them. She saw the empty look on Rick's face and wondered what Katherine had told him to bring him out tonight.

Rita tried to act nonchalant as she picked up some papers on her desk as the couple walked through the outer door in the lobby connecting to the rest of the gym. She shuffled them in her hands as she watched Katherine's cute ass wiggle seductively at her. Looking down at the papers, she realized that her hands were trembling with the anticipation of getting Katherine undressed again and seeing her husband's nakedness.

Rick smiled as her walked down the hallway with his wife. He got a good look at Rita behind the desk wearing a lime green latex exercise suit that looked like it was painted on her body. Staring at her breasts with her nipples poking into the thin material caused a stir in his manhood. Afraid of being caught looking at her delicious globes, he turned his eyes away when he looked up and saw Rita smiling at him. He recalled how his wife had spoken about her becoming a close friend and wondered if Rita and she talked about sex. Another shiver went through his body as he pictured Rita naked in the large exercise area naked and waiting for him.
