 A couple of weeks after spring break, I sat with Tess and Ian in a café near the university. It was a gloomy Saturday, with the sky threatening rain and the air holding the chill of early April. While my friends ordered cappuccinos, I opted for a hot chocolate with plenty of whipped cream. 

"I can't wait for this semester to be over," I said as we lounged at a table near the window. It was mid-afternoon, between the lunch and dinner crowds, so the café wasn't busy. I appreciated the quiet and calm.

"You and me both," Ian said. Our eyes met, and we exchanged a smile, like two friends who shared a secret. And I supposed we did, after those car rides during spring break. When he drove me back to school, I felt free to use my toys in front of him once more before we got on the interstate. And again I watched him jerk off and come hard. I could still close my eyes and readily conjure up the image of his semen spurting all over his skin.

Of course Tess was in on our secret, and once she and I were both back at school, she made me tell her everything. By the time I was done, my panties were soaking wet, and I could tell by her flushed face and bright eyes that she was incredibly aroused, too.

Looking at Tess now, I realized she had the same expression as she regarded me. She was larger than I was, with a beautiful full face and warm brown eyes. Her light brown hair, nearly the same shade as Ian's, fell down her back in soft waves. 

Under her scrutiny, I couldn't help but grin. "You look like you have something on your mind," I told her.

She and Ian glanced at each other before he said, "Oh, she certainly does, Libby."

I raised my eyebrows at them. "Well, go on and spill it."

Tess bit her lower lip and looked down at the table. I tried to remember a time when I had seen her look so hesitant, even uncertain, but I couldn't. 

"Sooo..." she said, drawing out the word, "since we got back from spring break, I can't stop thinking about what you and Ian did together."

I felt my heartbeat quicken as she spoke. Was she regretting giving me and Ian permission to masturbate in front of each other? From the beginning, I'd been a little worried that what he and I had done might change things, but my concerns seemed unnecessary as the three of us fell back into our familiar roles, with them being in a devoted relationship, and me being a friend to them both.

I looked over at Ian, trying to read his expression, but his face revealed little. I had a feeling he was trying to stay neutral. 

Tess finally lifted her head to meet my stare. She leaned closer and lowered her voice as she went on. "I can't believe how excited it made me to see those pictures you sent, and to hear about what you and Ian did. We were fucking a couple of days ago, and while he was inside me, I made him recount just how it looked when you were using the dildo, and he and I both had these earth-shattering orgasms..."

My eyes widened, and I could have sworn I spotted a blush spread across Ian's cheeks. 

Clearing my throat, I tried to choose the right words for a response. "I'm really glad it turned you on so much, Tess, and that we're all okay with what happened. Well, more than okay. I have to admit that I've sneaked in a couple of orgasms on my own while my roommate was sleeping. When I think about those trips I took with Ian, I'm able to... get off quickly."

Both of them smiled, looking as relieved as I felt, but Ian still didn't speak. 

"Then we have a proposition for you," Tess said, so eager to tell me that she was practically bouncing in her seat.

Ian winced. "I don't know if 'proposition' is the best word," he said.

Tess waved a dismissive hand at him. "Libby will know what we mean." She turned back to me, and her smile widened. "Ian and I have discussed it, and we were wondering if you wanted to, um..." She looked at the ceiling, momentarily at a loss. "We were wondering if you wanted to play with both of us. Touching definitely allowed this time," she hurriedly added.

My mouth dropped open, and I quickly glanced around, though no one was sitting near us, and our server was behind the counter. "You mean, like, a threesome?" I whispered.

Tess nodded. "If you don't want to, we totally understand. But I told Ian that I don't want to look back on this time in my life and wish I'd been braver to try new things. I mean, now's the time in our lives for that, right? Still, I'd never consider doing this with a person Ian and I don't trust." She reached across the table and grabbed my hand. "And we both trust you, Libby."

Ian placed his hand on top of ours, and I swallowed hard, already feeling an intense longing not just for him, but for Tess as well.

My desire took me by surprise, since I'd never experienced attraction toward either of them until very recently. Even when Ian had driven me wild in the car with his dirty talk and self-pleasuring, I considered him firmly off limits in every way except a platonic one. And as far as Tess was concerned, I'd never imagined us being intimate. She was a dear friend, but she had never hinted at any kind of attraction toward me until she let me know how much the picture of my pussy had turned her on.

"We're not looking for an open relationship or anything like that," Tess said. "But neither of us can deny how attracted we are to you. And I hope I'm not wrong in thinking you feel the same about us, or at least about Ian." Her eyes were wide and vulnerable, and she gave my hand a squeeze.

I took a deep breath. It was as if Tess had planted a seed of yearning inside my mind, and I couldn't resist letting it flourish. My entire body felt as if it was humming with excitement; I sensed the nervous energy between the three of us. 

"I don't ever want to jeopardize the friendship I have with you both," I began, "and I would never interfere with your relationship. I'm thrilled that you two are so happy together. But the thought of the three of us being together in bed..." I closed my eyes briefly and released a soft sigh. "God, it gets me so wet."

I heard Tess's delighted laughter and opened my eyes. Both she and Ian were practically beaming. 

"So when do we want to do this?" I asked, unable to hide my eagerness.

"No time like the present," Tess replied. "There's a motel on the edge of town, kind of out of the way, and online reviews say it's cheap and clean."

Now it was my turn to laugh. "Wow, you've put some thought into this!"

She shrugged, looking a little sheepish. "I was really hoping you'd say yes, and I wanted to be prepared if you did."

I looked over at Ian. "Did you know she was making all these plans?"

He grazed my wrist with his fingertips, causing me to shiver. "She kept me well informed."

"Then let's do it," I blurted out. 

The three of us scrambled out of our seats, laughing nervously as we hurried to pay the bill. Ian took care of it for us, and after I thanked him, I leaned close to Tess and whispered, "I'm happy to pay some on the motel room."

She turned to me and tenderly brushed a dark strand of hair from my face. "Don't worry about it. Ian and I invited you, and we're taking care of it."

I started to protest; we were college students, after all, and were never flush with cash. But Tess planted a quick kiss on my mouth to quiet me, and I felt the familiar throb of arousal between my thighs. 

After Ian finished paying, the three of us practically ran to his car, and I slid into the backseat. Despite the chilly air, my lips still felt warm from Tess's kiss. Imagining that kiss deepening sent a fierce wave of need through me.

"Hey Ian, would you mind swinging by my dorm so I can pick up something?" I asked.

"No problem," he replied, looking at me in the rearview mirror. 

I realized that he had let Tess do most of the talking in the café, and while he seemed enthusiastic about our plans, I felt he was still somewhat guarded. It was clear that he wanted Tess to take the initiative. 

As Ian drove back toward the university, Tess turned in the passenger seat. Since I was sitting behind Ian, she had a good view of me, and I watched as a wicked grin pulled at her lips. 

"Are you wet right now, Libby?" she asked.

My eyes widened, but I felt like her question was a test. There would be no going into this threesome halfheartedly. "Very," I said, holding her stare.

"Then let me see you touch yourself," Tess said. "Show me just a little of what you showed Ian, baby."

My breath caught in my throat, and a dizzying heat swept over my face and neck. Even as I opened my legs wide, I was reeling with disbelief at what I was doing. This was Tess, my best friend, asking me to masturbate in the backseat of her boyfriend's car. 

Unlike Tess and Ian, who were wearing jeans, I had pulled on a pair of leggings that morning, along with an oversized long-sleeved shirt. Not a sexy outfit by any means, but as Tess stared at my crotch, her mouth dropped open.

"Oh my God, Libby, I can see a wet spot where your pussy juice has seeped through!"

I heard Ian release a groan, and I started to close my legs, ashamed of my blatant arousal, but Tess quickly shook her head. 

"Don't be embarrassed," she assured me. "I love that you're so wet for us." 

I tried to relax, but my hand was shaking as I looked outside the car windows once more to make sure no one could see me, then reached into my pants and underwear. 

Tess nodded in encouragement, and I noticed that she was squirming in the seat. Feeling braver, I slid my fingers between my outer lips. Even I was shocked at how much I'd creamed my panties already. There was no mistaking the sound of me playing with my sopping wet pussy. 

"Fuck, that's so hot!" Tess said, her stare riveted on my hand working between my thighs. 

Ian's stare met mine in the rearview mirror, and I couldn't help but grin as I remembered touching myself while sitting next to him in this very car. 

"Such a bad girl, Libby," he murmured, and those words made me moan while I pleasured myself. I could feel my heartbeat deep in my cunt, and ever so briefly, I let myself imagine Ian's cock buried inside me. That thought made me rub my clit at an even more frenzied pace. 

Tess leaned closer to Ian, extending her hand, and when I heard his sharp intake of breath, I knew she was stroking his cock through his jeans. "I can't wait to get you both alone," she said, her voice low and nearly unrecognizable. 

Ian slowed for a stoplight, and I hurriedly took my hand from my pants. My fingers were glistening with my juices. 

"Let me taste," Tess demanded.

I couldn't help but gape at her before I leaned forward and brought a shaking hand close to her mouth. Ian certainly wasn't exaggerating when he'd mentioned that Tess was open-minded about sex.

My friend greedily grabbed my wrist and then wrapped her lips around my fingers. The feel of her hot tongue circling them made me shudder with longing. 

"Mmm," Tess moaned, her eyes locking with mine. When my fingers finally slipped from her mouth, she breathed, "You taste so good, Libby."

Ian had turned to stare at his girlfriend licking and sucking my fingers. Now Tess gave him an open-mouthed kiss, and I could see her tongue darting between his lips. 

"Can you taste her pussy?" Tess whispered to him. 

Ian looked a little dazed as he nodded. "I fucking love it."

Tess grasped his chin, her touch almost rough. "I bet you want that pussy juice all over your face, don't you?" she asked him. 

"God, yes."

It was all I could do to resist touching myself when the light turned green and Ian started driving once more. We were just minutes from the school now. 

As I watched Tess affectionately run her fingers through Ian's hair, I wondered if something was wrong with me that I was so easily able to be drawn into the sexual side of their relationship without needing more. If I was honest with myself, I'd admit that I'd never been all that interested in having a boyfriend. I'd had a few in high school, and one short-lived relationship during my freshman year in college, but I had always found it easy to disentangle myself from romantic attachments. 

My last boyfriend had told me, "You're like a guy when it comes to relationships, Libby. You can just fuck and leave." His eyes hardened as he spoke, making it clear he wasn't giving me a compliment.

Ian pulled into the parking lot in front of my dormitory, and I hurried to get out. "I'll be right back," I promised them.

When I reached my room, I said a silent prayer of thanks that my roommate wasn't around, and I was able to gather what I needed without being observed.

As I jogged back toward the car, I could see the grin on Ian's face when he caught sight of the tote bag slung over my shoulder, the same one I'd brought with me on spring break. 

Once I was in the backseat again, Ian headed for the motel. Tess didn't present any more challenges for me, but I could tell that she was still stroking Ian's cock. "He is rock hard right now," she told me with a sly smile. Now it was her turn to reach between her legs with her free hand and begin rubbing herself through her jeans. As my stare swept over her, I realized I couldn't wait to see her breasts, which were quite a bit larger than mine. I imagined them to be swaying and pendulous. 

"Do we need condoms?" I suddenly asked. "I don't have any with me."

Tess looked from Ian to me. "Ian and I both got checked before we stopped using condoms and I got an IUD. We're both clean."

"I'm on the pill," I said, "and I've been tested since I last had sex, which was many months ago. I got a clean bill of health, too."

"So you don't mind us forgoing the condoms?" Tess asked me.

"Not at all."

She turned to Ian and grinned. "Hear that, baby? You're going to get to come inside our pussies."

Her words made both me and Ian gasp. 

"I must be dreaming," Ian said in a raspy voice. "There is no way I am this damn lucky."

Tess and I both laughed, and I couldn't resist leaning forward and placing my hands on Ian's shoulders. "Maybe this is your reward for being such a nice guy."

He laughed low and soft. "How nice do you want me to be today, Libby?"

"Only as nice as you want to be," I replied.

We finally reached the motel, and I waited in the car while Tess and Ian checked us in. When they came back outside, key to the room in hand, I hurried to meet them, still holding onto my bag. I noticed that neither of them had asked me what was inside.

A cold drizzle had started to fall, clinging to our hair and clothes. Ian rushed to unlock our room, and we stepped into it, shivering against the chill. It was nothing fancy, but the reviews were right about it being clean. While Ian turned up the heat in the room, Tess flipped on the light beside the bed, chasing away some of the shadows. We kept the curtains drawn. 

Now that we were here, I felt a fresh wave of nervousness seize me. I tried to hide it; I didn't want Tess and Ian to think I was going to back out of this. Still, Tess seemed to sense my anxiety as she pulled off her shoes. I followed her lead, as did Ian. 

Tess pulled back the bedspread and top sheet, then sat on the edge of the mattress and beckoned to me. "Come here, Libby."

I approached her slowly, then sat at her side. Ian remained standing before us. Tess cupped my face in her hands and brought her lips to mine. I readily surrendered to the kiss, feeling a current of arousal in my pussy, along the curve of my ass, and even down my thighs. 

When our tongues met, I moaned, sliding my fingers through her long hair. I found that I loved kissing Tess; I could so easily lose myself in the sensation of her tongue exploring my mouth. 

I heard Ian breathing faster as he watched us, and Tess finally broke our kiss so she could gaze up at him. "There's some lingering tension between you and Libby," she said to Ian, "and you two need to get past it before we go any further. You both need to be free to do what feels good to you, okay? Remember—I want this."

Ian and I looked at each other and slowly nodded. Then he sat down on the other side of me, and I turned to him, my gaze focused on his gorgeous lips. 

"Kiss her," Tess urged him. 

And he did. His mouth was insistent on mine, and I wondered if he'd ever let himself imagine doing this. I eagerly returned the kiss, and when I fell back against the bed, he came with me. 

Feeling the weight of his body, and the hardness of his erection against my thigh, made me buck my hips upward as our kiss deepened. His tongue was like an invasion I welcomed. When I thought of that tongue licking my clit, I moaned and grabbed handfuls of his hair. 

"Oh, that's perfect," Tess breathed. 

When Ian took his mouth from mine, I was practically panting, and the heat in Tess's eyes made me brave. "I want to see your tits," I told her.

She didn't look surprised at my demand; instead, she appeared pleased. Wordlessly, she pulled her shirt over her head, revealing her stunning breasts, the nipples hard and straining against the black bra she wore. I loved that she wasn't self-conscious about them or the curve of her belly, and I loved that Ian clearly appreciated her curves. 

Tess reached behind her and unhooked her bra, then slowly, teasingly, removed it, showing us more and more of her creamy flesh. When her tits were finally free, and I found them almost exactly as I'd imagined, I couldn't resist brushing my fingertips against her left nipple, a darker pink than mine. 

"Aren't her tits spectacular?" Ian murmured to me, and I quickly nodded.

We eased Tess farther onto the bed, and after she lay back against the pillow, Ian and I descended on her, his lips circling her left nipple while I took the right in my mouth. We sucked and licked those sensitive peaks, our faces close together. 

"That feels incredible!" Tess said, clasping our heads to her chest. 

I moaned in appreciation, suckling hungrily at her tit. She released soft cries, which only grew louder when I gathered both her breasts in my hands and brought the nipples close together. Ian and I went back to licking and sucking them, but now our lips and tongues touched as well. 

Tess was writhing beneath us, and I wondered if she could orgasm through this alone. Ian gave her nipple a pinch, then took it between his teeth, making her squeal with pleasure. She obviously liked it a little rough. I wondered how it would feel to have his teeth clasping my own nipple. 

It was as if my thoughts were broadcast directly into Ian's mind, for he looked at me and said, "Show Tess those gorgeous tits, Libby."

I hurriedly sat up and took off my shirt, wishing I'd worn something sexier than a plain white bra. But neither of them seemed to mind. Once I had the bra unclasped and tossed aside, Tess sat up and brought her mouth to my left tit. As she fiercely sucked my flesh between her lips, Ian kissed me again, and his fingers traveled to my right nipple. He gave it a tentative pinch, gauging my reaction. 

"Harder," I whispered to him, and he immediately complied. I whimpered, half-crazed by my desire for him and Tess.

She let my nipple slip from her lips. "I want to see how hard Ian is right now," she told me with a grin. "Don't you?"

"Oh, yes," I groaned, and we both turned to him. 

Ian knelt beside us and unbuttoned his jeans. The bulge of his erection was already visible as he slowly lowered the zipper. 

"Don't tease us," Tess whined. "Let us see!"

Ian laughed, then pulled down his jeans and boxer briefs so his hard cock could spring forward. Now that I was free to touch it, I didn't hesitate to do so, and as I wrapped my fingers around his shaft, I felt his erection twitch in my grasp. 

"Lie back," Tess ordered him, and he hurried to obey her. I found it interesting how the power dynamic between them continually shifted during sex. In one moment, he was in control, and then in the next, Tess was.
