 It was a warm summer night just right for having a quiet drink after work. Sitting outside the local with a few of the guys and girls we were chatting about interviews as two new supervisor posts had come up at work and as the manager I was being grilled on what was the best way to impress during interviews.

The guys were complaining that the girls had an advantage by dressing up for the boss; the girls were moaning that they were never taken seriously. Rashid and Emma were getting worked up with each other so to lighten the mood I suggested they let me run mock interviews after they got another round of drinks in.

Some of the others said they had to head off home so that left four of us for the interviews. Emma suggested going to her flat instead of staying at the pub as she only lived two roads away and had beer and wine in the fridge left over from the previous weekend. I agreed and so did Joanne but Rashid said he best go home to his wife as it would not be right to go to an unmarried woman's home. We left him to it and walked around to Emma's flat and ordered a couple of pizza's on the way.

Emma's flat was on the ground floor with access to a shared garden at the back through French windows. We took the pizza and beers out to the patio and I asked who I was interviewing first. Emma said she would go first as she had home advantage but wanted to change into her interview outfit. Emma left to go to her bedroom while Joanne and I drank our beers. 

Joanne was twenty-six and had been married for the last two years but her husband worked shift work and she was always complaining she never saw him, so she wanted to get one of the supervisor roles and the increased salary so that he could get a job working normally hours. Joanne was about 5' 5' and slim with a nice pair of 32D breasts. I had heard most of the guys discussing her ample chest but none of them had ever got anywhere with her and thought she was quite prudish. 

Emma was twenty-two and more outgoing and although she was heavier she was about 3" taller than Joanne and had a well proportioned 34D chest and great backside which all the guys wanted to grab hold of. Emma flirted and went on nights out with the guys but had never gone out on dates with them saying she didn't mix business with pleasure.

Emma came back about ten minutes later wearing a skirt cut just above the knee but tight fitting across her rear and with a low cut blouse showing of a purple bra underneath. It was difficult to tell if she had stockings or tights on but either way she caught me by surprise. Joanne looked at her and said she was being unfair as she didn't have an outfit to change into, although I thought she looked great in her jeans and t-shirt. Emma laughed and said she was welcome to try on some of her clothes while I conducted the first interview. 

Joanne disappeared into Emma's bedroom and Emma sat down opposite me and crossed her legs showing a lot of thigh to me and a hint of lacy stocking top. She saw me looking and smiled so I said maybe she was out to prove Rashid right. She replied that how did she know it would work as the interviewer may be happily married or gay. I said I was happily married but was still impressed, she smiled and said she "I hoped you would say you were gay". 

I took another sip of beer and started the interview by asking her why she wanted to be a supervisor and what she could bring to the role. Emma replied that she felt that she had all the necessary skills and was looking to further her career with the company she leaned forward while answering giving me a better look at her cleavage. I asked how she would cope with the increased responsibility and asked how far she would be prepared to go to fulfil management demands. 

Emma thought for a second and after taking another sip of her beer said with a smile she would go as far as a blow-job but wouldn't swallow. This made me gag on my beer and I nearly choked while laughing out loud. 

Just then Joanne returned wearing one Emma's summer dresses which buttoned down the front but with the top two buttons undone showing off her lacy white bra cups. Joanne seemed upset that we were laughing when she arrived so I explained what Emma had just said and she said "Well I don't mind swallowing but I wouldn't be an arse licker!" I immediately collapsed in laughter again saying "Well I would give both of you jobs if you can work as a team like that!".

Emma looked at Joanne and said "I never thought you were that liberated", Joanne replied "and I never thought you needed to use these" as she produced two latex dildos from behind her back, one 8" vibrating one and a 12" black one. Emma turned crimson saying "Well everyone gets lonely sometime". 

I said "This is getting too much for an old man to handle" and Joanne said "this black is enough for me". I felt more than just a stirring in my groin and said "I think I need the small boys room" as I stood up Emma said "hopefully not too small". I left to have a pee as the girls laughed about the dildos. 

I was unsure where this was leading as I returned to the patio and had persuaded myself to make a move home before embarrassing myself in front of the girls. Emma turned to me with the black dildo in her hand and said would I like her to show her commitment to the role before I could speak she opened her mouth and began sucking the 12" latex cock into her throat.

Joanne giggled and started rubbing her nipples through her dress with the vibrating dildo and patted the seat next to her for me to sit down. Joanne then told me to shut my mouth as I was gaping at the girls or she would shove the dildo in it. 

I sat down and started to rub my hardening cock through my trousers, the girls both laughed at me and Joanne said "I bet you have never interviewed two nymphomaniacs at the same time before", I replied that if I had known what they were like I would have had them in the office sooner. Emma stopped sucking the black dildo long enough to say if I had asked she would have been on her knees whether there was a promotion or not. 

Joanne said she had always wondered what it would be like to shag her boss and had always fancied me because I was so laid back but thought I might be "too married" to respond. My cock jumped as I watched Emma lick the big black dildo and Joanne slid her hand over the bulge in my trousers. She gently pulled down my zip and pushed her hand inside as I reached across and started to fondle her breast. 

Emma came over and sat next to me and started to unbutton my shirt and trousers, I undid the buttons of Joanne's dress and she stopped rubbing my cock long enough to stand up a let the dress fall to the floor. Emma leant over to me a kissed me full on the lips and started probing my mouth with her tongue. Joanne's hand came back to my cock this time she pulled it from my pants and started wanking me, Emma looked down at my hard cock and then slid down to her knees and took the bulging head into her mouth.

Joanne started rubbing the back of Emma's head gentle pushing her further on to my twitching cock. I slipped my hand inside Joanne's bra and pinched and rolled a hard nipple between my fingers, Joanne moaned and started kissing me deeply. Emma continue to suck and rub my cock then with her free hand she slid up Joanne's thigh and began rubbing her mound through her white cotton panties. 

Joanne's moans got loud as I pushed a hand into Emma's blouse and pulled out one of her huge tits. Emma's fingers pressed harder on Joanne's now wet panties and forced them into her pussy. Joanne pressed her face to mine and started to shudder as the first tremors of an orgasm spread through her body. 

Emma stopped sucking my cock to watch Joanne cumming she leant towards Joanne's convulsing body and began kissing her stomach slowly moving down to her panties. She pulled them to the side to expose Joanne's neatly clipped pubic hair and then pushed her tongue roughly over her clitoris making Joanne squeal with pleasure and then start gasping for air.

My cock was throbbing so hard now I had to find release so I stood and pulled the rest of my clothes off and positioned myself behind Emma whose tongue was still flicking over Joanne's mound. I lifted Emma's skirt and began rubbing my cock up and down her purple silk covered arse crack. Emma shifted back to press against my cock and lifting her head long enough to say "fuck my pussy now!" 

I pulled her flimsy knickers down to her knees and pushed into her wet slit she gasped as I entered and then moaned as I slowly pumped in and out trying to hold back the rising tide of cum. Her pussy muscles held my throbbing erection tightly and after only a few more strokes I withdrew and started spurting thick strings of cum between Emma's arse cheeks. 

I rubbed my semi-hard cock between her cheeks as more cum leak over her puckered ring Emma moaned loudly and pushed her arse back to me say "rub your cock on my ring, finger my arse". I rubbed cum on my index finger and gently pushed it inside Emma's tight hole, she pushed back again as I began rotating my finger and opening her up. 

Joanne had recovered from her orgasm and had moved down to Emma's face and was gently kissing and caressing her. Joanne picked up the vibrating dildo and switched it on and pushed it towards Emma's pussy I pushed another finger into her arsehole as Emma began to tense up as an orgasm built inside her. 

My cock was beginning to get hard again which surprised me as I hadn't recovered so fast in years. Emma was moaning louder now and thrusting back against my fingers I slipped them out and put my now hard cock against her arsehole and she pushed back again saying "please fuck my arse". 

I hesitated as this was a fantasy of mine and had tried to persuade my wife to have anal sex but she always refused to even let me finger her hole. Then I pushed forward and the head of my cock entered Emma's ring which made her scream and beg for more. I pushed again and was fully in and then slowly began pumping her as she cried out as she orgasmed strongly. 

Joanne looked fascinated as Emma took my cock up her arse she wriggled beneath Emma's dripping pussy to get a closer look at my cock sliding in and out. Joanne raised her head to Emma's pussy and started work on her swollen clitoris this sent Emma wild and she orgasmed again and again before slumping forward. 

My cock slipped out of her arse and she rolled to one side to get her breath back. Joanne immediately turned over and got on all fours and pushed her pussy back towards me she said "my turn for cock now!" and I pushed inside her. We started frantically thrusting in and out and I started circling her arsehole with my thumb and she moaned "push it up my arse". 

We continued to fuck with my thumb feeling my thrusting cock though the thin skin between her pussy and arsehole. As I felt my cum rising I started to withdraw by Joanne gripped me hard and squealed "cum inside me, I want your sperm in my cunt now" at this I exploded inside her and felt my cum shooting out of my cock again and again. 

Eventually I slipped out of Joanne and rolled to one side between Emma and Joanne who having cum so much earlier need more stimulation on her numb clitoris, she picked up the vibrating dildo and brought herself off while Emma and I watched.

The three of us realised we were still out on the patio stark naked so we hastily picked up our clothes and went into Emma's bedroom to rest and contemplate what we were going to do to each other next.