 Part 13: You Want to What

I was still at Dick and Jackie's when Kathy and Pet finished their weekend. They were going to pick me up there on the way home. That was a good idea since they both needed a hot hard live cock pounding their pussy. Their timing was a little off though when they came in the back yard I was pumping Jackie's pussy full of cream and Dick was filling her mouth. I didn't even know they were there until I heard Pet's voice, "Well Aunt Kathy I guess we'll just have to get them hard again." We had all fallen to the ground after fucking Jackie. When I looked up I was looking under Pet's skirt at her naked pussy. Dick was doing the same to my wife.

All the women know the quickest way to get us hard again. I was still looking up Pet's skirt when it came falling down on my head. Pet and Kathy were as naked as the rest of us in no time. Pet got between Jackie's legs and started licking my last load from her pussy. Kathy brought her pussy to Jackie's face. Jackie didn't waste any time going after Kathy's pussy. As expected that had Dick and I hard and ready for some more fucking and there were two new pussys that needed fucking.

I started fucking Pet while she was still going down on Jackie. When Kathy saw me fucking Pet she pulled away from Jackie and got on her hands and knees in front of Dick. He accepted the invitation willingly and was soon pounding my wife's pussy. Jackie lay back and watched the four of us going at it. With two cocks going at her all weekend she was ready to sit back and just watch. It felt so good to back in Pet's pussy again. I had just filled Jackie's pussy moments ago and was soon doing the same to Pet. Pet was moaning, "That is so much better than when Kathy does it." When I let lose in her pussy she screamed, "Oh yes, Uncle Dave, fill me. Give it to me."

Pet fell to the ground pulling my cock from her pussy. She rolled over and pulled me to her saying, "You don't know how much I needed that." Just then we heard a loud moan and looked to see Kathy getting pumped full of Dick's creamy load. Pet kissed me again and said, "Almost as much as Aunt Kathy did."

I pulled Pet to her feet and said, "That must have been some weekend."

Kathy was flat on her belly now and cooed, "It was great except for the part about not having any cocks to play with."

Pet and I were sitting together on the lounge chair and Kathy was starting to get up. Pet said, "That part wasn't so good. We had to improvise."

Now the story was getting good. When Pet pulled out their little toy Jackie got very interested and joined us. Between Pet and Kathy they told us about their weekend, totally leaving out the part about getting pregnant. Jackie had the toy now and was rubbing it on her pussy. Pet offered to show her how good it feels. Soon they were fucking each other with it like she did with Kathy.

It was some show they were putting on and they both were getting in to it. Kathy came and sat next to me and gave me a blow by blow how she and Pet used it this weekend. With Kathy whispering in my ear and watching the two women fucking I was hard again. Kathy started stroking my cock and whispered, "When was the last time you had sloppy seconds on your wife?" That was it for me and I pushed Kathy on her hands and knees. I shoved my rock hard cock in her wet dripping pussy. It wasn't long when I added my load to the one Dick had already left in Kathy's pussy.

I was just pulling out of Kathy when Pet joined us. I looked over and dick was going wild with his wife. I guess he like the show too. Kathy sat next to me and Pet got between her legs licking up both loads in Kathy's pussy. Kathy said we should go now. So leaving Dick and Jackie fucking like mad we bid our goodbyes.

We were soon all home again and it was great to be back but I could sense something was up. Neither Pet or Kathy said or did anything different. I just felt it. I figured what ever it was they would tell me in their own time so I didn't push the issue.

It was over a week before Pet brought it up. I knew something was up when she out did her self on dinner that night. Pet made sure everything was just right before joining us. As we ate she calmly asked, "Uncle Dave, Remember before Aunt Kathy and I left on our weekend you said something about getting another man around here so we won't wear you out?"

I was a little surprised and said, "I may have said something like that. You two were fucking me to death that week."

She was a little shy now and said, "I may have found someone. I think I want to have a baby now. I'm not getting any younger."

I looked at her and said, "Well you know we can't help in that department. Kathy and I were both fixed long ago." I saw Pet and Kathy look at each other but didn't find out what was going on until we all went to bed together.

Kathy started working on me right after dinner. She was all over me which was not unusual but somehow it was more than usual. After Pet finished cleaning up she joined us. She too was trying a little too hard. I knew something was up but hey, I'm a guy. Two beautiful sexy women trying way to hard to please me, you think I care what their motive is.

First I fuck Kathy good and slow then watch Kathy and pet together. Pet sucks my cock while Kathy goes down on her. She wasn't just trying to get me hard she drained me good. The two of them worked together to get me hard one more time. Pet climbed on top of me and rode me. That wonderful pussy fucking me, those big soft tits on my chest, kissing me with her lush lips. When I came I drained everything I had deep in Pet's sucking pussy.

I lay there on the brink of death and Pet never moved. Her pussy was still milking my cock and her tits were still on my chest and she looked deep in my eyes with her crystal blue eyes and asked, "Can Kathy and I get another cock to play with?"

Well I came back from deaths door very quickly. I rolled Pet off and on her back on the bed. Kathy was on her other side and was stroking Pet's body when Pet said, "You always said I could find a breeder when the time was right. I told you I would share him with Aunt Kathy."

I know everything she was saying was right. I just never thought it would ever happen. Somehow my mouth started saying what my mind was thinking. "I know we talked about this many times but I thought it was a joke. Now you want to bring in another man to live here........"

Pet quickly added, "another submissive."

I nodded and went on, "Ok another submissive, to live here with us. He will get you pregnant and be able to fuck Kathy when ever she wants. Is that about it?"

Now Kathy started coughing and choking. I looked at her and asked, "There's more?"

Kathy didn't know how to say it and stammered, "Well Pet and I were talking and.......... we just thought it .......... if I could ......."

Pet thought it was time to get it all in the open and just said, "Aunt Kathy wants a baby too."

I actually fell off the bed. Both women were right there for me. They were kissing me and hugging me but I was too stunned. I stood up and walked into the living room with my head spinning. It was sometime before Kathy joined me. She knew I wasn't mad just shocked. She came and held me. She tried to comfort me saying, "When I had my tubes tied we thought we would never have kids but just in case we had them tied and not cut."

I held her tight and said, "But a few years later when we considered swinging even though we never did it we decided to get me fixed as well. We didn't want there to be any way I could get someone else pregnant. That's what I told the doctor and he assured me there was no way I could, now or ever."

Kathy had her head in my lap now and said, "There have many advances since then. Maybe they could use your sperm. If there is any way I want your baby and I think Pet feels the same way."

By now Pet had joined us and neither Kathy or I had noticed. She said, "If they can shove your sperm up my pussy with a turkey baster I'd do it. There is nothing I would like more than for this to be your baby." 

We all hugged and cried and kissed. We were soon back in a three-way fucking our brains out. I called the doctor that did Kathy and it was two weeks before we could get in to see him. The sex that two weeks was unbelievable. I was ready to call this Bill just to get some rest. We finally got to the doctor and he ran his test.

The doctor had good news and bad news. Kathy's was totally reversible but with me they couldn't even pull sperm out to use. If Kathy wanted to have a baby it would have to be with a donor. Over the next couple months we all talked and fucked and talked some more. I could tell both women were excited about having a baby. They were in fact fucking me to death.

I guess I knew what was going to happen but as a man I was having trouble with it. Bringing in a live in to be Pet's mate is one thing and I don't have a problem with that. Watching Kathy with another man is exciting even if he was a live in she could have any time she wanted. Both women reassured me that I would be in total control. Bill is a submissive and will do what he is told so there would be no sex without my say so. None of this was the problem, it was another man giving my wife a baby I could not give her.

I read a story on the web about this valley where the men couldn't get their wife pregnant. They had to bring in men to get them pregnant but it was understood that the kids belong to the families. I knew this was total fiction but made me think that just maybe we could make this work.

I told Kathy and Pet what I was thinking and that there would have to be some ground rules. Pet climbed up in my lap and with her soft voice said, "There only has to be one rule Uncle Dave, what ever you say goes. You say when, you say how, you say who."

I still had a lot going through my mind but agreed to a trail run for a week. I wanted to see just how things would work before Kathy had anything done and Pet came off the pill. Pet introduced me to this Bill on line. He seemed nice enough but I was still holding off. I told him there would be a round trip ticket at the airport and this is just for a week to see how things go. He would arrive on Friday and leave a week from Sunday.

I love watching both Pet and Kathy with another man and to be able to do that anytime was exciting. Bringing a man in to fuck my wife and get her pregnant was something else all together. I had many mixed emotions that Friday and left work early. I stopped and had a few drinks before going home. Pet and Kathy were picking Bill up at 9 am and it was now well after 1 pm. I pulled up to the house and Pet and Kathy's cars were both there so I knew HE was there also. I had no idea what to expect when I walked in the house so I sat in the car getting my head together.

I finally went in and Pet was in her uniform on her knees waiting for me. She must have heard the car drive up. Kathy was sitting at the table with a nice looking young man about 30 years old. He was not that much younger than Kathy and I and just older than Pet. To say the lest it was an awkward moment. Pet handed me her leash as always. Kathy and Bill stood and Kathy introduced him. I went to shake his hand and realized that pet had my cock out and was sucking it just like she always does. I was so use to it and unsure about meeting Bill I never realized she was doing it.

Seeing my situation Bill came around the table to take my hand. When he did he went down on one knee and brought my hand to his forehead like he was kissing the kings ring. This took me by complete surprise and I was just ready to tell Pet to stop when Kathy yelled, "Now Pet." I think we all know by now what that meant. I was filling Pet's mouth with this guy still on one knee in front of me. It wasn't until then I noticed Kathy holding another leash. I followed it and it went to Bill. Pet was still sucking my cock and would until I told her to stop, which I did quickly.

I unhooked Pet's leash and told her to start dinner even though it was only about two in the afternoon. I took the other leash from Kathy and said, "Bill, come with me." We walked into the living room and I liked having this guy on a leash. It confirmed my control of the house. Kathy followed behind us. Kathy and I sat on the couch and I wanted to see what this guy would do. Would he be all over Kathy hanging on her knee like Pet does me? He got down between us and sat back on his heels. 

I looked at Kathy and said, "So what have you been doing since you picked Bill up?"

So Kathy started her story, "Well we stopped for something to eat but no body was hungry we just used that time to meet each other. Pet asked if he was going to have a uniform too. I thought that would be a good idea. Since you picked out Pet's uniform we stopped at the mall and I picked out something for Bill." Kathy reached out and unhooked the lash from Bill and told him to go put on his uniform. I was sitting there holding an empty leash. I was not ready to have this guy lose in the house yet. Kathy went on to explain, "Now we each have our own pet but they will both follow either of us. We all know you have the last say but I do hope you will give me control over Bill."

I couldn't argue with what she was saying. Pet has been more or less mine and now Kathy had one of her own. It would be only fair. All this was going through my mind and Kathy was still talking but I didn't hear her. Then Bill came back in the room. I saw his bare feet and started looking up. Kathy's voice came back in and I heard her say, "This was just something quick for the week. Pet said she will make him what ever I want him to wear." As I looked up he was wearing red spandex briefs and a vest and that's all. His cock was clearly visible. He was hard, I guess from the situation and I was glad to see there was no competition. We were both about the same.

I was speechless and Kathy stood and hooked his leash back which gave me some comfort. I stammered and just like with Pet I asked that dumb question, "Does he do any tricks?"

Kathy walked around him and said, "I don't know yet. We just got home before you."

What happened next is so not like me. I never give Kathy orders but I took the leash from her and told her, "Help Pet with dinner."

Kathy didn't question me. She just went in to the kitchen with Pet. Now they had been on line with this man for some months. I didn't know this man at all. If he is coming in my house to fuck the two women I love most and get them both pregnant, something I can not do, I thought it was time he and I spend sometime together. I led this 90% naked man by his leash to the back patio. I was not overly gentle about it.

We sat down and I asked him his story. He came from strict parents but they didn't lock him away like Pet. He had seen a lot and been out in the world much more than Pet. Most women he had been drawn to when he started dating were strong demanding women. Over time he became more and more submissive. He wound up with this couple and had been there for years. The wife fucked it all up by getting herself pregnant. Now he was on his own. He knew he could make it alone but didn't want to. He really liked what they had and would like to find something like that again.

Then he started asking about our relationship with Pet, saying it was strange for a submissive relationship. As much as I hated it I was starting to like this guy. He was open, honest and seemed to care a great deal about both Pet and Kathy. Just as we were getting close Pet said that dinner was ready. Bill still had the leash on and I led him back inside. I made a big production over taking off the leash. Both women knew that was my way of saying I was ok with this.

Bill went to pull out Kathy's chair. I looked at Pet and said, "I believe I'm way over dressed, Pet."

Kathy picked up on it right away and said, "I think you are right." Then she turned and said, "Bill."

Pet started to undress me and Bill took his lead from Pet and undressed Kathy. Neither one stopped until we were naked. Bill saw Kathy naked for the first time. He steeped back and his mouth fell open at how beautiful she was. Pet pushed his mouth closed and said, "I guess your last master wasn't a knock out like Aunt Kathy?"

He never took his eyes off Kathy as he sank to his knees in worship. He said, "I thought you were the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. Now two such beautiful women." He looked at me and said, "I would have gone mad being around so much beauty all this time." I sat down and jokingly said, "It's a tough job but someone has to do it."

He took Kathy's hand and kissed it saying, "It would be my honor to serve two such beautiful Goddess."

I thought he was laying it on a bit thick but could tell he meant every word. I knew I had a good thing with Kathy then added Pet. Life was very good. He is seeing them both for the first time together and believe me that can be a lot to take in. 

Bill stood up and saw Pet sitting with me and then noticed four place settings. Kathy saw the look on his face and took his hand saying, "In this house we all eat together." You could tell this was something he was not use to. He was shy at the table not knowing what to expect. Kathy held up her empty glass and Bill jumped up. Kathy pulled him back down and said, "Pet will get it." 

Bill was getting very frustrated. Kathy wouldn't even let him get anything for himself but made Pet do it. Finally he said, "I'm sorry but I just don't know what to do here. I'm not use to being waited on by another sub. If this is the way it's going to be I don't know if this is going to work. Am I here just as a sex toy?"

Kathy saw she was upsetting Bill and said, "No I'm the one that is sorry. We are not use to having two "pets" around either. When we have guest Pet does all the chores."

I jumped in and said, "I think you had the right idea before Kathy." She looked at me like what the hell are you talking about. Then I said, "Pet will be mine and Bill will be yours. If you need something, Bill will do it. If I want something Pet will do it. When it comes to sex either of us can tell them what to do, but otherwise Bill is yours and Pet is mine."

Everyone seemed ok with that and we started again. The next time Kathy wanted more wine it was Bill that got it for her. That first night was awkward to say the lest. Things were going good until we finished eating. Pet, not wanting to be replaced, tried to do everything. Bill, wanting to make a good impression and show what he cold do, tried to do everything. Kathy and I were ready to put the leashes back on and pull them apart. The two of them breeding and rasing kids was looking less and less likely.

We finally came to an agreement with the kitchen is Pet's area. She would fix the meals and Bill would clean up after. Now we told them to work together so Pet could show Bill where she wanted everything. Kathy and I went in the living room hoping they would not kill each other. It was very much like bringing a new dog into the house, more so than I thought it would be.

We brought them together to be with each other. Pet was defending her territory, which was both Kathy and me. Bill was defining his new territory which was Kathy. We could see we had our work cut out for us. Kathy and I both thought if we brought a man home for the soul purpose of fucking Pet and Kathy it would be orgy city every minute. In the world of a submissive it seems that the sex drive is not the leading drive. It is the ownership, the attachment, the belonging.

Normally you would tell them to kiss and make up. Well Kathy and I didn't know what to do. No man I have ever known has not wanted to fuck Pet above and beyond everything else and Kathy is a close second. I wasn't sure if we should fuck our own pet first or have them fuck each other. We all knew how good Pet is so I thought it was time to see what Bill had to offer.
