 My name is Frank, and I'm a thirty three year old, six foot tall white dude with sandy blond hair that dangles around my shoulder. I consider myself an open-minded heterosexual with occasional bisexual urges. On a recent trip to Peru, I discovered more about my sexuality than I had ever imagined.

It all started when a friend that I made in Cusco turned me on to a white powder I had not done in a long time. After a few lines, I found myself getting horny, but not in my usual manner. For some reason, I was drawn to one of the many Internet cafes and googled "gay bar Cusco."

Some background on me, I've had some same sex experience, but not in a long time, and never by meeting someone in a gay bar. In all of my previous experiences I had been on the receiving end of the act: blow jobs and rimming, and I remember sticking my cock into an ass or two. But I never reciprocated orally, nor did I ever get penetrated. The first rim job I ever got was from a high school principal, and the best blow jobs and rim jobs I've ever had were all from men.

My idea, if I found a gay bar in Cusco, was to find someone who wanted nothing more than to jerk off together watching some lesbian porn that I happened to have on my laptop. 

Suddenly, I felt the impression of a hard cock against my shoulder as I was following links. I turned around and saw a thirty-year old black man with a white woman standing behind him.

"Any luck with your search," the man asked with a smile.

I felt my face flush and said, "I'm doing some research for a friend."

"Sure you are," the man replied. "If you're interested, my wife and I would like to invite you to a drink. If you're not too busy researching for your friend."

I smiled nervously at the good-looking couple. She was about 5'6", blond hair, large breasts, with a voluptuous frame. He was just over six feet, dark black, and lean. They both had penetrating eyes and self-confident expressions on their innocent faces.

"Sure, that would be nice." I had no idea what I was getting into.

At the bar, we talked a bit about ourselves. I found that Jordan was a gynecologist and his wife, Misty, was a school teacher. They lived in Minneapolis and were taking a six week tour of South America. I'm a contractor for a number of financial firms on the West Coast and had told them all that I needed to take a month off.

"It's not difficult for Misty to have the summer off, but when you have as many women who don't want to show their pussies to anyone else, it's not easy leaving for such a long time."

Misty smiled. Her natural breasts ached to break out of her buttoned shirt.

"How about you? Where's your other half," she asked seductively

"I'm single at the moment," I exaggerated. The truth was, I was living with a woman back in California."

"Hm," Misty smiled. "Single, huh? I don't know how you'd feel about this, and frankly," she said, looking to Jordan, "neither do we, but..."

"But what?" I asked, feeling myself get aroused.

"Well, the truth is, we've had a fantasy of being in a threesome with another man for some time now," Misty said with some eagerness in her eyes.

"Also, we have to confess to having indulged in something that provoked me to stand behind you the way I did," Jordan added.

"Well, we are in Peru," I joked, keeping eye contact with Jordan as Misty put her hand on my thighs.

"What would you think of coming back with us to our hotel? We have a two room suite with a bathtub big enough for three just up the street."

I looked nervous, surprised, elated, and stunned.

"No pressure, of course. If any of us are uncomfortable, that's where it ends," she smiled.

"Uh, sure," I stammered. For some reason, I did not feel any anxiety about following this adventure to the next level.

We walked back to their hotel, with each of them on side of me holding my arm. I felt very special in that moment and could feel my cock stiffen.

Once we entered, Misty went straight to the bathroom and started running hot water as though scripted. Jordan opened a bottle of Chilean wine and poured three glasses. He also brought a large bottle of water with another three glasses, along with a modest amount of the Peruvian powder he spoke of earlier.

"Want a line?" he said with a smile.

"Sure, although I have to say, this is quite unusual for me."

"Us, too. It's been years. By the way, you never asked about our sexuality or what our thoughts were for this evening."

"Sorry for my apparent lack of curiosity. The feel of your cock on my shoulder gave me a little food for thought."

We both laughed.

"Do you mind if Misty and I undress..."

"Go ahead."

"I wasn't done," Jordan chuckled. "You. Do you mind if we undress you?"

My cock thickened and I felt Misty behind me putting her hands on my shoulders. Jordan's hand was on my thigh.

"Do I mind? I think that would be the most incredible thing that's happened to me all day. And I went to Machu Picchu earlier!

The two giggled as Jordan unfastened my trousers and Misty pulled down my zipper. As the large breasted woman reached up and took off my shirt, her husband got my sandals off, with my pants right behind them.

"Wow, you let this cock dangle in your pants with no underwear! Damn!' Jordan said holding my balls. My cock was dancing up and down to the touch. He leaned forward and breathed in my scent. "He already smells sweet, but I'm sure that a little hot water and soap and scents will make everywhere smell nice"

They both glided their hands over my ass and prodded me to get into the awaiting bath. We did one more line, and I was surprised when each of them kissed me full on the lips. I had never kissed a man, but I didn't pull away.

"That was a first for me," Jordan said.

"Me, too."

We both looked at each other's crotch, at which moment, Jordan dropped his pants and underwear effortlessly to reveal a thick, growing cock. He leaned forward and we hugged as our stiffness pressed against each other. Misty grabbed both of our cocks and led us into the bathroom.

"Guests first," Jordan said, watching my ass spread as I put one foot, then the other into the almost painfully hot water.

"Do you want me to prepare him the way I prepare you, or do you want to try?" asked Misty. She was rubbing soap with a cloth over my shoulder as I reclined in the egg-shaped bath. Jordan stood close to the tub with his cock inches away from my mouth and nose.

"Put your face against my cock," Jordan said gently.

I lay my face against his cock, first a cheek, then the other, then my nose as I smelled the sweat from his coarse pubic hair. Finally, I pulled back, and gave it a lick from the balls to the mushroom tip. Jordan pulled back and reached for a bottle of scented soap.

"I think I'd like to try," Jordan replied to Misty. "Why don't you offer our guest some breasts to suck on while I prepare him?"

"Sure thing, honey." Misty's fingers easily pressured me to roll over and face her imposing tits. I instinctively began sucking them as I felt my back being washed by her husband. I couldn't help but notice that Misty did not shave under her arms. This has always been a turn on for me, and as I moved from one breast to the other, Misty occasionally forced me into her pit, looking down at my reaction.

From his position, I could tell that Jordan had gotten in the bathtub behind me as he washed me from my shoulders down my back until he got to my upturned, round ass. The large tub easily accommodated us both with room to spare.

"Man, you must have some African in you, boy! Look at that ass," the muscular black man gleamed.

He massaged all around the exterior of my ass cheeks and then found his way to the inside of my thighs. My ass was puckered and extremely excited as he squirted some of the soap into the top of my ass crack. As the lotion streamed down, it was followed by Jordan's finger, which very gingerly pried my hole open. Not all at once, mind you, but over time. After five or six lengths from the top of my crack to my balls, he inserted his soapy finger into my virgin hole.

"That doesn't hurt, does it?" he asked.

I leaned back to spread my cheeks in reply. He continued and inserted his finger several inches into my hungry hole while washing my balls with his other hand.

"I like how you shave," Jordan said noticing my relatively hairless genitals.

"Maybe you can help me get those difficult places later," I replied pulling my head away from Misty's breasts. Misty repositioned herself and sat on the edge of the tub with her yet-to-be-washed pussy staring me in the face.

"All right, boys," Misty suddenly commanded. "I think it's time we made clear what is going on here. I'm the boss. Whatever I tell either of you to do, you do it, no questions. Is that clear?"

I looked over my shoulder at Jordan, shocked and excited. He had pulled over a hose attachment to wash the soap out of my ass. He looked back at me reassuringly and answered.

"Yes, my love. Anything you say."

"You seem to know what you're doing, so I'm in," I replied.

"Very good. Jordan get fully in the bath and turn your ass around so it faces our new lover. Frank, get the bottle of soap that Jordan used to lube you up. I assume you know what you need to do with it," she said in a dry tone.

Jordan had turned his ass around and his balls were hanging, aching for attention.

"I think I might," I grinned and began rubbing the soap into Jordan's muscular shoulders and back. He turned around for a moment and held up his armpits for me to tend to. I washed each of them and then his chest, getting all the way to the sensitive area beneath the navel before he turned back into place, his ass up high._

I washed the small of his back and then traced around his ass, teasing him and coaxing him to push his ass further back, desperate to feel my touch. After washing the back of his thighs and his balls and cock from behind, another first for me, I finally squirted a few drops at the top of his hungry black ass. As I ran my finger down his crack he audaciously put his hands on each of his cheeks and spread his hole as wide as he could.

"Make sure you make it clean enough to use. I would say soaping him to the second knuckle of your middle finger should suffice. That's what I do to him when we're getting kinky."

I looked over at our self-appointed ringleader and slowly oozed my middle finger through the soap into her husband's ass while our eyes locked.

"Now move it around in there and make sure it's clean. You will be eating it soon."

For a split-second, I felt a pang of anxiety as I wondered how far they expected to go. There are some things that just do not turn me on. Nevertheless, I made circles inside his asshole, removed my finger, soaped his crack again, and repeated the process.

"Excellent. You are both ready to be commanded and served exactly as I tell you. You can start by both servicing me. Honey, why don't you soap down my breasts and pussy. Frank seems to be such an ass man, that I'd like to feel his expertise on my back and crack. And, of course, my asshole. You don't have anything against tonguing me from my clit to my asshole do you? You know, you're not the only one who enjoys a good rimming," she smiled as she joined us in the tub.

"I look forward to getting to know you in all the ways that you might command me," I replied sheepishly.

"Good boy. Just what we need, a little ass kisser."

She stood between Jordan and me, and we both let go of each other's cocks. Once I was finished washing Jordan, we had instinctively fondled each other's balls and wrapped our hands around each other's hardness.

Jordan and I both stood up, and sandwiched Misty between us. My cock was hard against her buttocks, while Jordan was french-kissing and grinding against his horny wife. Misty reached down for the hose and sprayed her chest and crotch, and Jordan instantly began washing her breasts and under her raised arms. Misty passed the hose to me and said "surprise me."

I don't know how surprised she was, but after I washed her shoulders and back, I focused the stream on her spread ass. I brought my head down to her buttocks and licked her pussy from behind and made my way up to her crack. Jordan was reaching around and spreading her ample cheeks to help with the process.

"Okay, let's dry off, and follow me to the bedroom. Honey, bring the powder with you. There's something I want to try."

The three of us took turns towel drying each other. Misty almost lost her authoritative edge as she smiled at the uniqueness of the situation that the three of us were experiencing. After patting my pecker, she said "come on. I want Jordan to be on the bed first face down.

"Do I get a line first?" her husband asked.

"That's the last time that I will stand for insubordination," she spat out in mock anger. "You don't want to upset me. Now lay down and spread your cheeks this very second!"

Misty picked up the vial of powder and tapped out a line in Jordan's crack from the top of his ass to just below his sphincter.

"Okay, Frank. No using straws. Do the line. From the top down. And when you've finished, lick the entire length of my man's beautiful black ass. You will fall in love with it immediately, so watch out."

I was genuinely shocked at how turned on I was at Misty's orchestrating. I leaned over the bed and stuck my nose between his twin cheeks that were twitching in anticipation. After I inhaled all I could, noticing his musty, clean scent as I finished the line, I licked him from the top of his balls, to the top of his crack, returning to the sphincter to give in special attention. This was only my first time, and I stuck my tongue a full inch into my newfound lover's anus. Jordan couldn't help but sticking his ass as far into my face as he could coax my tongue to enter.

"Frank, sit up, and stroke your cock. Sit in front of Jordan while I do a line and show you how this is done."

With that, she sprinkled more powder into his crack, putting an extra amount right in her husband's hungry hole. By the looks of Jordan's gyrations, he was enjoying this variation on a theme. I later found out that neither had ever thought of snorting coke from their ass cracks before. Just before she tongued her man, after having inhaled all that she was able, she commanded Jordan, "now bring your nose and lips to Frank's cock. Don't you dare suck it. Just let our new friend feel your face and beautiful, black lips on his white cock."

Jordan looked up at me as he brushed his clean-shaven face against my rock hard cock. I wanted so badly for him to suck it, but I was not writing the script.

"All right, Frank, lay down on the other bed, and spread your ass. It's time for Jordan's line. You still wanted one, didn't you honey?"

Jordan slipped my cock between his lips when his wife turned to powder my ass. It was only in his mouth for a moment, but I could tell that I wanted more, and I was feeling really horny to suck his. I could not remember ever wanting to suck a cock so much in my life.

I moved to the other bed and felt my hardness press into the thick mattress. I cracked my legs apart at a ten degree angle, which I thought to be sufficient for Misty's plans.

"Stick your ass up in the air, and spread your cheeks wider apart. Jordan has never done this before, and I want him to have a nice fat line to get him in the mood to do anything I command. Well, what are you waiting for, Frank? Stick your ass up and spread those luscious globes as far apart as you can."

Without giving it a second thought, my ass was high above the bed, my cock and balls swollen beneath, and I wrapped one foot across the edge of the bed to help spread my cheeks as wide as I could. My other foot could not fit across the queen size bed; one of two in the room.

Misty smiled at her husband as he watched her sprinkle a copious amount of the contraband along the crack of my ass. She even sprinkled some on my balls to see what her husband would do. Once she prepared his pleasure trail, she moved to the top of the bed and lay one leg down on either side of my face. As she began to stroke her clit in front of me, I needed no coaxing to begin licking and sucking her dripping wet pussy. I put my nose deep inside of her pussy folds just as I felt the sensation of her husband snorting the line from my ass. When he was done, he licked my balls, and very slowly made his way up to the top of my crack, first avoiding my horny hole, and then returning to stick his tongue into me the way I did to him. Like Jordan, I could not resist positioning myself in a way to give him deep access.

"Well, you boys are very well behaved and doing an excellent job tonight. Now, Frank, I've known Jordan for many years, and have a good idea of what he has and hasn't done, and what many of his fantasies are. I also have some that I would like to try as well. But, what about you? Is this really the first time that you've pleased a man like this?"

I felt a very strange shyness inside as I felt my face redden. The truth was I could not completely remember some of the things that happened during my experimental years, but I was pretty damned sure that I had never rimmed a guy before.

"Yes, it is. I had fantasized about it on a number of occasions, but there's a big difference between fantasy and reality. Any time that I had thought that I could just go to a gay bar and try it out, I just could not stand the clientele. I'm straight and like that in a man."

The couple glanced over at each other and said nearly in unison "we know how you feel."

"Well, this is what I'd like us to try tonight, and let me know if either of you have any objections," she looked into both of our eyes and continued. "I know the types of fantasies that Jordan and I have spoken of, and I believe that he would really like to feel a cock in his ass. Gently, mind you, but I think it's something that his curiosity is driving him to try."

Misty made three more lines and directed Jordan and me to inhale one each. I later found out that she did this to make it more likely that we would go along with whatever she came up with.

"Also, Frank, based on your confessions of being anally erogenous, I think that you too could use a cock in your ass. Slowly, slowly, with condoms and fluid, but both of you boys need to get fucked."

Something about the word "fuck" scared me just a bit. I envisioned a bloody ass-pummeling, which I was quite sure that I would not want.

"Furthermore, I would like to see you two in a sixty-nine, while I take turns helping each of you to please the other."

Jordan and I had somehow drawn together and almost simultaneously reached for each other's genitals, gently prodding them to attention.

Misty then came to the two of us and put each of our cocks deep into her mouth; first Jordan's and then mine. As she sucked me, she reached to her husband and brought his face down to my crotch so that he could see how she attended to me. She pulled away and held Jordan by the back of the head and pushed his face into my crotch.

"Lastly, I would like to feel both of you inside of me—two holes at a time, ass and pussy, pussy and mouth, and ass and mouth. And if we're lucky, I would love to feel both of your cocks inside my pussy at the same time."

"Misty, have you done this before? You seem to know exactly what you want and how to control the situation?"

Jordan answered for her. "Frank, we have talked about a threesome with another man and another woman for some time. For that matter, we've talked about a foursome, something we'll talk more about later. In our role playing, Misty is often in charge, and I like it. She sticks her tits into my mouth and forces my face into her armpits. Man, she makes me so horny that I never think of another woman no matter how many pussies I see."
