 Chapter 6: Playtime

No one slept late the next morning. Everyone was too excited about our cook-out that afternoon with Dick and Jackie. That's the excuse we used for getting together even though we all knew it was going to be a mini orgy. What I didn't tell Dick and Jackie was about Pet. As far as Dick and Jackie knew they only expected Kathy and myself. Over the big breakfast that Pet fixed we talked about different ways to introduce Pet to the mix. We finally said that we would all just show up together and see how it went. Pet is such a natural flirt that she could get everyone fucking even if we weren't already planning it.

The girls spent the rest of the morning getting ready and it was well worth the effort. Pet had Kathy looking like a million dollars. Kathy has always turned heads but Pet put her over the top and every man that saw her was going to want to fuck her. We made a quick stop on the way, Kathy is of the old school that you never go anywhere empty handed. I thought Pet was enough of a gift but Kathy said that didn't count and we stopped for coffee cake. I just hung back and watched and every man was drooling over these two women and watching every move they made. Many of the women were watching as well, this told me that nothing was going to stop the orgy we had planed.

We got to Dick and Jackie's place about 1:30 and you could see their disappointment that we were not alone but they took to Pet right away. Now Dick and Jackie are not what you would call swingers. They had gotten together with a couple a few years ago and enjoyed it very much until the husband got transferred out of town. We have known Dick and Jackie for about five years and have become very close. They have suggested, without coming right out and saying it, that they would like that type of relationship with us. There has been a lot of flirting between us but nothing more until I called them last weekend and "suggested" it might go farther this weekend.

Everyone knew why we were all there but no one had come right out and said we would be fucking. Pet was flirting her little ass off with every one including Kathy and Jackie. No one was yet ready to take that first step but the sexual tension was heavy. Kathy and Dick went to refresh everyone's drinks. That's when Dick put the move on Kathy. He put his arm around her waist and pulled her to him. He kissed her lightly on the lips and said, "Jackie and I were thinking this would be something different, that we might finally get together. We didn't expect you to bring someone with you."

Kathy had her arms around Dick's neck and pulled back just enough to look in his eyes. She kissed him this time and it was not just a light little kiss. She pulled back and looked at his surprised expression. She told Dick, "It will be. What if I told you that when we go back out there Pet will pull your cock out and suck you off right in front of everyone if I tell her to. You like Pet don't you?'

Dick tried to pull back but Kathy held her arms around him. He stammered, "Well of course, she's a walking wet dream but she would never do that. Just out of the blue go down on a man she just met."

Kathy pulled him in for another hot wet kiss and said, "She will if I tell her to. Don't be surprised at anything that happens." Then she picked up the tray of drinks and headed out the door. It was a couple seconds before Dick followed her.

When she got back to the patio Pet was sitting on my lap. My hand was under her top playing with her tit and Jackie's mouth was wide open. Kathy winked at me and whispered to Pet, "It's show time." Dick joined us and saw what I was doing to Pet. His mouth opened like he was going to say something but never had the chance. Kathy just said, "Pet, go get Dick."

Pet was off my lap and on her knees in front of Dick. She had his shorts down and his cock in her mouth before he even realized what was happening. Jackie almost fell off the chair. Kathy was proud of herself and smiled and said, "I think the ice has been broken. Let's all get down to some real fucking." Clothes were flying every where. Jackie was doing to me what Pet was doing to her husband. A very naked Kathy walked over to Dick. As Pet kept up her blowjob Kathy pulled Dick's mouth to her tits. He was sucking away and Kathy simply asked, "Is this more what you had in mind?" Dick nodded never taking his mouth off her tits.

Jackie was doing a good job on my cock but let's face it, I've had Kathy and Pet all week. Kathy wanted to get to Dick's cock so she told Pet, "Now, Pet." I heard "Oh MY God" in the back ground and knew Dick was losing it. Jackie took her mouth off my cock to look at her husband. I took the opportunity and got behind Jackie and we were the first ones fucking. I just shoved my cock deep into her and she moaned loudly.

This got everyone's attention. Pet had finished off Dick and came to sit next to me. This was her first time watching me fuck someone other than she or Kathy. Since Kathy had watched me fucking another woman, namely Pet, she was sitting with Dick on the lounge chair facing us. Dick was kissing my wife and playing with her tits but his eyes were held on me fucking his wife from behind. Kathy was stroking Dick's cock back to life which didn't take much as he watched me fuck his wife. Pet put her arms around me and said, "I love you Uncle Dave." She gave me a hot wet kiss.

When Jackie heard her call me Uncle Dave her head flew around to look at us kissing and she went over the edge screaming, "Oh God Yes, Fuck me Uncle Dave Fuck me hard". This whole thing had me going and I shot a very big load deep in Jackie's pussy. I was totally lost to every thing around as I kept pumping into Jackie's pussy.

As I started to come down and my cock slipped from Jackie's pussy she fell to the ground and some where in the back ground I heard Dick say, "Uncle Dave?" I looked around and everyone was looking at me. Kathy and Pet looked as though they had been caught doing something no one was to know about. Dick and Jackie both looked like they could not believe what they were hearing or seeing. It was a very long silence which was no more than a few seconds but seemed like forever. Again Dick said, "Uncle Dave?"

Pet was the first to speak, "That's what I call him. It just makes everything so much nastier don't you think?" With that she had my cock in her mouth licking off the combined juice of Jackie and myself. Dick and Jackie started laughing which made Kathy laugh. Pet just looked up at me and winked.

That made everything light hearted and Dick asked, "Well now that you've had you way with my wife, Uncle Dave, I don't guess you would mind if I have a go with yours?"

Now was the moment that we were all waiting for. Everyone there had other sexual partners except Kathy. This was her first strange cock in ten years and Pet was not going to let it go by without making a big deal of it. Pet had my cock very clean and very hard. She got up and walked over to Kathy and sat next to her. She gave her a very loving kiss letting Jackie know that Kathy was also open to other women. She broke the kiss and whispered to Kathy, "This is it. This is what we talked about all last night. You're going to get another man's cock in your hot little pussy and I can't wait to see it."

Pet does everything with great passion, sex, her cooking, her crafts, everything. The more she cares about something the bigger production she makes of it. So you know she is going for the Oscar with this one. Pet stands up and pulls Kathy to her feet. She leads her to me and says for me to kiss my wife for the last time as the faithful wife she has been. When Kathy and I kissed with Pet holding us. It was a kiss that could not be described. It was the kiss of a loving wife, it was the kiss of a woman about to be fucked by someone else. It was a kiss so full of passion and love and lust all at the same time. Then with Kathy between us we walk back over to Dick. Dick is standing with his wife in amazement. Pet has Kathy lay on the lounge chair. She pulls Kathy's legs wide apart putting one on either side of the lounge. Pet walks over and pulls Dick away from Jackie and has him stand at the end of the lounge looking at Kathy's naked exposed body.

Pet takes Dick's cock in her hand and gently strokes it. By now Jackie is standing next to me and does the same to me. Pet looks at Dick with a very serious expression and says, "Aunt Kathy has not been with another man since she married Uncle Dave. It is a great honor she has picked you to be her first. Uncle Dave and I offer you this gift of the most beautiful thing we share and only ask that we be witness to this first union." Pet lets his cock go and comes to stand with Jackie and I.

Dick thought he would just roll over and put it to my wife as I did his. Now it is as if he was picked to deflower a virgin. He just stands there until Kathy reaches up for him. He looks at Jackie and with tears in her eyes she nods for him to go ahead. I'm at as much of a loss as Dick. I have one naked woman stroking my cock and Pet still dressed holding me. They are both crying like they were at a wedding. My good friend is about to fuck my wife in front of all of us. The whole situation is just too unreal then Kathy says, "Now Dick Take me now Fuck me like I know you want to."

I don't care who you are when a guy gets an invitation like that he is going to do some fucking no mater who is around. He lays down on top of Kathy and they start kissing. His cock is laying on her hairy mound. It's not bad, maybe 7, 71/2 inches. Their kisses get more heated and he starts playing with her tits. He is moving his cock up and down Kathy's mound dry humping her.

Pet, always the one to get things going, reaches down and guides Dick's cock to Kathy's pussy and with the next up stroke he is fully in Kathy's pussy. Kathy screams, Dick moans and both girls bust out crying and my cock is ready to explode. I never thought watching another man fuck my wife would be so exciting. As I see his cock slide in and out of Kathy I can feel it myself. Jackie is still stroking my cock but it feels like Kathy's pussy and not Jackie's hand. Dick and Kathy start fucking faster and faster and so does Jackie's hand on my cock. Pet knows I'm about to let go and just as Dick and Kathy both scream they are cuming Pet quickly gets in front of my cock. Jackie is stroking my cock like crazy and my knees go week and I shoot my load into Pet's waiting mouth.

Jackie falls to the chair behind us having her own orgasm watching Dick and Kathy. Pet takes my cock in her mouth and drains me dry. Kathy's passed out, Dick is on his hands and knees looking down at Kathy with his cock still in her. Everything just stayed motionless. Finally I sit back next to Jackie who is still breathing hard. Pet gets up and finally pulling off her clothes as she goes over to Kathy. She gently kisses Kathy's lips bringing her back to life and whispers to Kathy, "Well was it everything I pictured for you?"

Kathy pulls Pet on top of her forcing Dick to get up. She kisses Pet hot and wet and says, "All that and more." Kathy gets a silly grin and says, "Only one thing left to make it complete." 

Pet and Kathy both smile and look at me. Pet says, "Uncle Dave I believe your presence is requested." I knew just what they were both thinking and I was between my wife's legs licking away in no time. I couldn't believe I was licking another man's cum from my freshly fucked wife.

I was totally lost in what I was doing, the taste, the smell, everything then I heard Dick say, "Well this is going much better than I thought it would." We all laughed, even me with my mouth full of Dick's cum and my tongue deep in Kathy's pussy. I crawled up over Kathy and we kissed like we had never kissed before and the day had just started.

We all took this as a good time to break and have that cook out we used as a reason to be getting together. We were all still naked except Dick had an apron on working the grill. Dick and I were out by the grill and the girls went inside to fix the rest of what ever we were having. Dick started talking, "When you called last week we were hoping that you and Kathy had agreed to take us up on our invitation. Then you show up with this girl, what did you call her, Pet? Well any way that took us by surprise but she is one hot number. Is she the reason you called us? If so I have to thank her. I've wanted Kathy for a long time now." He kept going on and on with out stopping. He had asked all these questions but never waited for an answer. Then came the question I was expecting and this time he wanted an answer. "So what's the story with Pet?"

I knew the same question was being asked inside and we had not agreed on how we were going to answer it. I thought I would keep it short and simple and just said, "She's staying with us for a while." I figured that any answer Pet or Kathy gave this would go along with it. Then he asked again if Pet was responsible for us getting together. I felt safe with this and told him, "Pet first seduced Kathy" which is kind of right. She went down on her in the car. "Then the two seduced me" which is more or less true.

By now the girls were coming back out and I pulled Kathy aside. The conversation inside was much the same. To the question of our relationship with Pet. Kathy said the same as I did, She is staying with us for a while. Now the question about how the sex started, Kathy's answer was more open ended than mine. She just told Jackie, "Look at her, do I have to say anything else?" Jackie laughed and Pet did a curtsey.

Now we were all back together. Pet was flirting with a naked Dick and Jackie while Kathy and I talked. Even though we were sharing Pet with our friends she was not given to them to do as they wished. Pet was an equal partner and was treated the same as Kathy. Kathy and I rejoined the others and put our arms around Pet, not meaning to, but claiming her as ours. Pet whispered something to Kathy. I knew right away what they were talking about when Kathy answered, "Most certainly, right after we eat and no I don't want to watch. I want to be the one doing it."

The meal was one big sexual tease. No ones body parts were out of bounds and they all got a lot of attention. Since Pet wound up between Dick and myself she got more than her share. Kathy and Jackie didn't get left out even playing with each other from time to time. Kathy had only been with Pet and it turns out that the only woman Jackie had been with was the other couple. That had only started shortly before they move so Kathy in one week had more experience than Jackie.

In the short time Pet has been with us we have gotten use to her waiting on us. None of the three of us realized that she was fixing our plates pouring our drinks and just waiting on us hand and foot. Dick made the comment, "Boy, have you got her well trained." The three of us froze and looked at each other, then bust out laughing. Dick and Jackie both looked puzzled but then Dick said to Pet, "I understand we have you to thank for our get together today. You must tell us how you did it, we've been after these two for a couple years now."

Pet looked at us and sat down and gave them the short version, "I was living with this guy and didn't have the forth sight to look ahead. One day he tossed me out and I had nowhere to go. I worked with Kathy and we became friends. When she heard what that jerk did to me she took me in. I would have most certainly been homeless if it hadn't been for Kathy. I had been with a few women before, not always my choice, but I wanted to show her how grateful I was. I think you two had her primed and she was very receptive to my advance. We shared it with Dave and have been the three of us ever since. I must add that as soon as we shared everything with Uncle Dave and they opened up, their first thought was to call you two so I guess I should thank you as well."

Pet quickly turned the tables before any more questions could be asked about our arrangement. She turned to Dick and asked, "How did the four of you get together. Dick and Kathy never really said. They didn't talk about where it started, they only talked about where they wanted it to go and I think it is going nicely."

Dick took over and said, "My company did a contract job for Dave and he and I had to work closely together and found we had a lot in common. We introduced our wives and they hit off as well. That was five years ago and for the past two we have been trying to get them in our bed. We all did a lot of flirting and teasing but they would always stop just short of crossing the line until today."

Pet automatically started clearing the table. Jackie got up to help since it was her house. I nudged Kathy and she said, "Oh right" then she helped as well like any good wife that doesn't have a house pet. Dick and I finished our drinks before following the girls inside. We were surprised to find Pet loading the dishwasher while Kathy was laying on her back on the table and Jackie was eating her pussy.

Dick and I just stood there watching when Pet noticed us. She was just finishing up and said, "Well it looks like Aunt Kathy stepped over that line you were talking about."

Jackie looked up at us but never took her face away from Kathy's pussy. She smiled at Dick and said, "Oh baby, she was worth the wait. She taste so good you just have to have some of this." Dick walked over to his wife and the two of them shared my wife's pussy. 

Pet was stroking my cock and we just watched. She pulled me down to whisper in my ear, "Is it everything you thought it would be?" I just smiled and kissed her. She had my cock rock hard and Dick's was hard from eating my wife. Pet pulled me by my cock over to Kathy's head and said, "Now that you are both here Aunt Kathy has made a request. Being the only one here that has never had this she wants to go first. She wants Uncle Dave in her mouth" she brings my cock to Kathy's mouth, "and she wants Dick in her pussy."

Kathy is already sucking away at my cock. Jackie and Dick stand up and Jackie guides her husbands cock into my wife's pussy. Dick and I started fucking my wife from both ends. We started slow at first then picked up speed. Kathy's legs were wrapped around Dick's waist and her arms were around my waist. She was hanging on to both of us for dear life. Watching Kathy take her first double was too much for me and I soon filled her mouth. Just as I started, Dick was pumping his load into her pussy. Feeling herself being fill from both ends at the same time pushed Kathy way over the edge and she had the biggest orgasm I had ever seen her have.

When my cock was empty I looked around but didn't see Pet. Then I saw Jackie up on the counter with these blond curls bobbing in her lap. Kathy was just laying on the table totally satisfied with her eyes closed and a big smile. Then we all heard this scream, OH GOD! OH GOD!" We all looked and Jackie just fell back on the counter. Kathy just smiled and said, "I told you she was good."

Pet stood up licking her lips and said, "Thanks Aunt Kathy." We all laughed except Jackie who was still in another world on the counter.

Kathy rolled over on her back and smile up at me and said, "I want to try that thing Pet was talking about. What did she call it, a DP?" 

Dick and I looked at each other and I said, "Maybe later."

Jackie slowly rolled over coming back to life and asked, "Did I miss anything?"

Dick laughed and said, "Just Kathy asking if she could have a DP."

Jackie was now sitting on the counter and asked, "DP, what's a DP?"

Dick and I both snickered and Pet told her, "It's a double penetration."

Jackie was still not getting it and asked, "Isn't that what she just had?"

Pet walked over to Jackie and stroked her face saying, "This is a little different. This time she wants your husband in her pussy and her husband in her ass at the same time."
