 "Look, they really are the same, isn't that cool?"

Listening from the hallway, I could hear Maya's voice in the bathroom with my girlfriend, Lyn. I stopped cold and listened as once again Maya was comparing her breasts with Lyn's. The bathroom door was not closed and I could just see, through the space between the door and the frame, the sweet curve of Maya's breasts. Both women had very nice tits I thought, and I secretly enjoyed Maya's fascination with how alike she believed her and her best friend to be. Maya had mentioned on more than one occasion that I knew what she looked like naked because all I had to do was look at Lyn. 

Lyn and I had been together for almost three years and were very much in love. She was a beautiful redhead with gentle hands and a wonderful curvy figure. I used to love to ride my hand along the roller-coaster of her hip up to the summit of her lovely shoulder. Her eyes were a beautiful ice blue and could melt me with just a glance. She loved cats and punk rock music from bands I had never heard of. She bought a John Lee Hooker tape a week after we met just because I mentioned I liked his music. She gave me a cookie bouquet for Valentines day once. As we shared them, I folded the wrappers into roses and gave them back to her. 

Maya was Lyn's friend since catholic high school when she saw that Lyn had written "THE DOORS" along the edge of her bible in religion class. Having recently moved back from Florida, Maya was spending most of her social time with us while she got settled back in. Maya was beautiful. Like Lyn, hers was the type of beauty that grew greater as you got to know her. Dirty blonde hair and ethereal blue eyes. she had a quiet manner, but loved to say scandalous and racy things softly to see if anybody noticed. She was a mean pool player with a very distracting ass and killer legs. She could pull the label off her beer bottle in one piece. Once, when she and I were picking up two broken beer bottles, the inevitable by-product of a night of pool and drinking, we both cut our fingers. Without hesitation we rubbed them together and became blood siblings. Lyn & Maya had picked up their friendship right where they left off. They had helped each other throughout the trials of high school, and had a spiritual connection that was deeper than friendship. I came to realize that they completed each other. I loved watching them have fun together. Laughing shooting pool, scoping out guys for Maya. I enjoyed Maya's breezy energy and general love of life. I also really enjoyed the way Lyn acted with Maya around. She brought out the teenager in Lyn. She seemed freed from the grind of graduate school and shed many of her constant worries about the future. Maya helped bring out the part of Lyn I fell in love with, and for that I loved Maya.

We had been shooting pool that night as usual and had returned late to the second floor apartment Lyn and I shared. It had become customary for Maya to stay over since none of us wanted her to drive home so late. I would make breakfast the next morning for what I affectionately thought of as my two hotties. Lyn & Maya would usually get ready for bed together, laughing and cutting up like a couple of teenagers at a sleep over. Maya would borrow my pajama top. Which to be honest I really liked since I could usually get a quick look at her strong legs on her way to the living room couch. Plus I got a certain thrill out of her being inside my clothes, like maybe some of her magic would remain behind. Tonight, the air had been different, our usual flirting between the three of us was more pointed and frankly I had been turned on all night. Looking back on it now, I suspect the girls were in the same state.

"God, this cracks me up! We should show Pete how alike they are. Oh Peeete!..."

"Maya! shut up!" laughed Lyn, as they both started giggling. I heard whispering and then more giggling as the two girls burst out the bathroom, arms around each others shoulders. they stopped when they saw me and smiled.

"Hey girls, are you two being naughty?" I hoped.

Well, I wanna show you my tits. And Lyn and I were just discussing it. God, They look just like your girlfriend's! Lyn, let me show them to him, please?"

We had been down this road before. Occasionally they would both love to tease me and even though I didn't expect anything to happen, my cock, like it always did, started to stir inside my long legged boxer style pajama bottoms. I looked over at Lyn and my jaw dropped as she stepped away from Maya and sweetly said, "OK."

Maya seemed a bit startled too, but after half a beat she smiled like a kid on a snow day and began to unbutton the blue and white striped pajama top. Totally failing to act casual, I stood transfixed as her fingers slowly worked the large pearl white buttons. "Close your mouth, dear." Lyn whispered to me sweetly as she walked back over and stood next to Maya as she finished unbuttoning her top. In a wonderfully delicate gesture Maya shrugged her shoulders slightly and the top slid back off her shoulders into the crook of her bended elbows, exposing herself to me completely.

"So, what do you think?" Maya asked in a sultry voice, turning slowing from right to left. Just then she and Lyn broke out laughing, Maya's exposed breasts bouncing happily along.

They were exquisite, full and firm with medium to large aureola and nicely erect nipples which were upturned faintly, the full curve of each breast was defined, giving her breathtaking cleavage. I was completely tongue-tied, but my dick had quickly decided and was already rising to express its opinion. Damned if Maya wasn't right; they were almost exactly like Lyn's.

"Let me help you decide honey.", Lyn said and quickly removed her sleep shirt and stood next to Maya, arm in arm, both women wearing nothing but what I now noticed were matching white satin panties.

Did they plan this? This had certainly gone farther than I ever expected. We'd joked around a lot, but nothing more. Sure, I had seriously lusted after Maya, most men did. Lyn used to tease her and call her an unknown goddess, a cross between Athene & Aphrodite. But I loved Lyn, and she loved me. Maybe her love for Maya made her want to share me? Maybe her trust in our love was great enough to not be threatened by her friend? Maybe I should stop thinking so much and get on with it?

"Ahem. Uh Peetey? Well, what do you think? Are we twins or what!?" Lyn was tapping her foot feigning impatience. The effect was a nice ripple across her boobs.

I finally quit arguing with myself; the guy with the pitchfork had won. I found my voice.

"Well, I guess so." I said intelligently. "Hard to say without getting a closer look. May I?"

"Please.", they both said at once, laughing as I walked towards them. "Hmmm, they do LOOK the same, but what about weight?" I still couldn't believe this was happening, I reached out with my hands and cupped Maya's right and Lyn's left breast, delighting in the wondrously smooth, soft feel of each woman's full globe as I gently squeezed and lifted, making a show of testing their weight. Both women trembled slightly and Maya inhaled sharply as my thumbs moved across their nipples, which responded by becoming even more erect than they were.

"Weight and thumb responses show equal.", I said officiously. " Handful ratios seem similar. I think I need to move on to the Taste Test™." I caught Lyn's eye as I moved in to take Maya's left nipple in my mouth and she just winked and smiled. I couldn't believe it! My girlfriend of over three years was encouraging me to suck on her best friends tit! I gently sucked Maya's breast into my mouth, and bit the nipple softly, eliciting a gasp from Maya. Holding the nipple between my teeth I flicked it rapidly with my tongue. As I looked up into Maya's beautiful face, I felt Lyn's hand gently rest upon the back of my head, silently pushing me to further my "research". Maya's eyes were closed, her breathing had become shallow, she bit her lip as her right hand was moving up her torso to replace my hand on her right breast. As I released her hardened nub I said, "Her nipples are just as sensitive as yours Lyn, look." I rolled Lyn's left nipple between my thumb and forefinger, feeling it stiffen. 

Glancing down at my crotch Lyn observed,"Well they certainly seem to have the same effect on your penis as mine do. Honey, I don't want to embarrass you, but um, your dick is showing.", she giggled.

"I thought I felt a draft.", I smiled. My cock was now standing at full attention, having pushed its way out of the loose fly on my pants and was now resting comfortably against Lyn's smooth satin covered hip.

Maya was whispering to herself, eyes tightly shut. She was still shoulder to shoulder with Lyn and both girls were starting to rub their bodies against each other. Lyn rolled back, catching Maya's arms in hers, elbows interlocking, and now they stood, pressing their backs together and rolling their heads back on each other's shoulders. The result of this movement drew me tighter against them and firmly entrapped my dick in satin, squeezed between their rounded, panty-covered behinds.

Now it was MY turn to start whispering to myself. It felt so amazing to have these two beautiful women, women I loved, grinding against my swollen cock and against each other.

"F-final test is, of course, the um, w-wetness challenge.", I breathed unsteadily into their ears. Taking turns kissing them, I ran my hands over their bellies and down between their legs. My fingers played with the waistband of their panties for a minute before diving under and coming to rest just above their buttons. Maya's hair was soft, closely trimmed, and very, very moist. "Just like Lyn's", I amusedly thought to myself. I love the feel of my hand inside a woman's panty. The smoothness, the tightness is overwhelming. I began to make circular motions with my first two fingers and both women let out soft moans as I lowered my fingers the short distance to their clits. Damn, they were both so wet! Meanwhile my dick was having the time of its life, rolling between their grinding behinds as my leaking pre-cum slicked up the already silky smooth fabric of their panties. 

My hands made their way down, cupping their pussies and slipping one, then two fingers between the soft folds of their lips. hooking my fingers up to the roof of their pockets, I sought out their g-spots, allowing the increasing rapidity of their breathing to guide me while rolling their swollen clits between my thumbs and pinkies. 

I was harder than I had ever been in my life, and still frankly afraid this would end with me waking up in a pool of my own cum when Maya began to shudder and buck under my finger work. She clamped her muscular thighs around my hand, her eyes locked on mine and she dug her nails into my back as she orgasmed around a guttural moan that sent Lyn over the edge. Lyn cried out and stiffened for what seemed like minutes before she relaxed with a contented smile on her face.

"mmmmm, that was fun...", she said, disengaging from the still breathless Maya and clutching my dick in her hand, its purple head shining with hardness. "Maya, lets take this cock into the bedroom and help my Petety out..."

I would have walked across broken glass for these two beauties in the state I was in. Fortunately, it was just a short walk across carpet to the bedroom where the king-size futon Lyn and I used as our bed lay flat on the floor. Lyn, still leading me by my penis, brought me to the middle of the bed. She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her soaking panties and deftly dropped and then kicked them off, her short reddish brown hairs glistening in the moonlight coming through the large picture window. She sank to her knees in front of my painfully hard dick. Locking her beautiful blue eyes on mine, she smiled wickedly. "Time to give this guy a little more space.", she said as she slowly pulled the tie holding up my pajama bottoms. Maya came up from the side and slightly behind, pressing her breasts against my back and grinding her now naked pussy against my hip. She ran her hands down my chest and back hard, palms down and fingers out. The friction was wonderful, sending another jolt through my overloaded penis. Her hands found the loosened waist of my pants and slid them over my hips, they fell softly to the bed as I stepped out of them, completely naked before my girl and her best friend.

Maya slid down to her knees as well, dragging her nipples down my back and across my ass before joining Lyn in front. They each took a hand, pulling me to my knees as they rolled onto their hips, sitting before me like a pair of scandalous bookends. Head and shoulder touching, two pairs of glorious legs stretching out away from each other, two pairs of perfectly identical breasts looking up at me.

Lyn reached out with a finger and caught a drop of pre-cum off my swollen head and rolled it between her fingers. Laughing mischievously, she brought her fingers to Maya's lips, who licked them seductively, looking me in the eyes and laughing herself. Maya then leaned forward, licked another drop from the stream flowing from the tip of my dick and brought her tongue over to Lyn's open mouth and kissed her, the two making a big show of swirling their tongues together. Their carefree laughter made it all the more sexy. Lyn placed her hand around the base of my dick, her ring and little fingers massaging my aching balls, and brought her mouth over the head, her tongue darting across the sensitive bottom. she withdrew to my agony, her eyes on Maya and twinkling playfully. Maya cupped my balls, giving them a squeeze. She closed her lips around the ridge of my cock head and quickly sucked in its entire length. I groaned my pleasure as my dick dropped into the back of her throat, her tongue rolling in waves along the bottom ridge of my cock.

Smiling over at Lyn, Maya sucked once more and then withdrew. Lyn came in behind, her hand moving slowly along the length of my shaft. She gently sucked my balls one at a time into her warm, warm mouth. She popped them back and forth inside, twirling them with her expert tongue. She left them, hanging low and contented, to engulf my dick with one motion. Her pace was more urgent now, picking up speed. She dropped off and Maya took her place, both of them laughing at their unspoken game of dueling blowjobs. A game for which I was the lucky beneficiary. This went on for several more excruciating turns, each more intense than the last before I felt the urge boiling up inside. My balls drew up as I groaned out in pleasure. Both girls leaned back, shrieking in delight as I began to spray their chests with more cum than I had ever shot before. Rope after rope splashed on their tits and bellies, I dropped back on my heels panting with pleasure.

The girls lay back on one elbow, surveying their cum covered torsos. Each began to massage it into their skin, occasionally scooping up some and sucking it off their fingers. What an erotic sight. They stopped suddenly, looked at each other in some unspoken connection and brought their hands up to each others lips, licking the cum from each others fingers.

They both giggled again, flashing sinister grins. Lyn stretched, cat-like arching her back, arms overhead, her breasts swelling. "I liked that too...", she purred, "Now we can fuck."

****

Having just blown the biggest load of my life, I needed a few minutes to recover. Fortunately having the love of my life and our best friend laying naked before me, I knew I would be ready again soon. My desire for these two lovelies had certainly not abated. The encounter I had only dreamed of was unfolding before me. I was still unsure whether it was a spontaneous eruption or a calculated plan of seduction by my wonderful girlfriend Lyn, and Maya, her best friend. The uncertainty was part of what made it so erotic for me I realized. I stopped wondering and continued to immerse myself in my good fortune.

Lyn, leaned forward and grabbed my hand, pulling me off my heels, onto my knees and over, dropping me down on the futon. My back against the bed, laying between these two wonderful vixens.

"God, Pete, I'm so hot.", Lyn breathed, "I think I need you to cool me down." With one motion she rolled up and straddled my chest, inching her beautiful opening to my tongue. Her creamy legs slid up along the sides of my head. As she lowered herself gently into position, my hands wrapped around the outside of her thighs, coming to rest inside her legs. My tongue met her moist and sweet tasting pussy. I parted her lips and flicked up and down it's length. 

"Oohooohhhh! Yes! baby", she moaned. Meanwhile Maya had moved up and played with Lyn's tits, softly kissing her on the neck. She moved down to my leg wrapped head and whispered. 

"Pete? can you hear me?"

Muh-um", I replied.

"Ah, good boy," she said in her best Playing Doctor voice. "Well, I think I should go check on how your recovery is progressing. Does that sound ok?"

"Muh UM!", I said into Lyn's pussy, the vibrations making her jump. My tongue skating across her swollen clit and in and out of her opening was through the beginning of its program and getting ready to attempt a few triple axels when I felt Maya's warm mouth descend again upon my hardening cock.

Steadying herself with both hands against the wall, Lyn ground down on my active tongue, Moaning and growling as her pleasure began to take flight. I loved being between her legs, she was so wonderfully responsive to my touch. Meanwhile, I was responding in my own way to the joy of being down Maya's throat for the second time that night. With a few quick swirls of her talented tongue I was as hard as ever. Maya withdrew with a small kiss to the tip of my dick and crawled back up to the head of the bed.

"Well Pete, I am happy to report that you have made a FULL recovery.", she laughed.

"Although, there is one more test I think I should perform. You know, to be sure..." With that she slid back down and I felt her legs straddle me. She reached down for my aching cock and guided it to her entrance. Rubbing it back and forth over her wet lips caused me to clinch my ass and swell my dick even harder than it was before. Her earlier work with her tongue and her own lubrication made it a slippery and quick ride for her from the top to the bottom of my pole. I was inside an Angel...

Maya rested at the bottom of my shaft as we adjusted to each others size. She felt wonderfully tight, her well developed vaginal muscles went to work, squeezing my dick as she started to move slowly. Time slowed down, and my hearing got faint as indescribable feelings of pleasure washed over me. My hearing loss was actually due to Lyn clamping her thighs against my head as she continued her climb to ecstasy.

I felt Maya's hands on my thighs as she rocked easily back on her heels, pulling and pushing my cock in and almost out of her. With my ears covered I felt rather than heard the womb-like sounds of all our various lickings and poundings. The sensation was unreal, like being underwater. I felt like I was floating, wrapped in a cocoon of pleasure. Lyn was bucking her hips against my face at an ever increasing rate. She began humming to herself, getting louder and louder with each thrust until it seemed like the windows were going to shatter.

"Jeeze Lyn, your going to wake the neighbors... 5 blocks away!", puffed Maya in delight. Reaching forward, she snaked her arms around Lyn and pinched my girlfriend's nipples. 

Lyn started to giggle and then suddenly cried out as her orgasm swept over her. "Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!, my GOOOOODD!! I can't breathe! I can't breathe!", she gasped. "That was FUCKING AWESOME!" My cheeks were drenched with her juices. My hearing was restored as she rolled off and sat down next to my head with a thump, looking up at her friend riding my straining cock. She continued to shudder with aftershocks as she settled herself back down.
