 Pete, Linda and Jeff make three.


We had just fucked when there came a knocking at the door - good timing, at least we weren’t disturbed before. As always Pete’s fuck was beautiful - I felt at peace with the world, thoroughly seen to and  wonderfully gratified and stimulated. It was like I was still feeling him deep up inside me, he’d been there for so long, just fucking, pausing awhile, and then fucking again.

Now as he slid his length out of me I felt the immense warmth inside.

“Are you okay for me to answer the door?” Pete asked considerately.

 Pete had already pulled on his jeans and t-shirt but I was still in my nothing’s  feeling the deep sensual vibrations of the after fuck. He’d taken me in three positions ending with bare back, me crouched on all fours to perfectly accommodate him, it was all lovely, just as lovely as the one before when he fucked me scissor fashion, on my back on the edge of the settee, lifting one leg high and outwards as he went in sideways, applying that gentle stinging slap on my ass cheeks which I simply adored, all this after the deep rough fuck with him on top of me, stretching  my thighs so wide apart after he’d had his oral of me, then feeling the first of his fucks in prelude to more I knew would come before he reached his climax with me.

I said I would nip into the bedroom because I didn’t have time to dress, he couldn’t keep whoever it was at the door waiting, and anyway I wanted time to relax on the bed, I was absolutely exhausted, but nicely so.

He acknowledged me and I slipped into the bathroom still completely naked. I could smell Pete on the bed clothes, he always used Brute which I adored. We had never fucked on the bed so far anyway. Going through my mind were images of how it mat be when we did. 

I know he had lot’s of plans in store. We had started to discuss them of late, so I had a pretty good idea of what tuned Pete on and invariably turned me on as well. 

I just laid back and closed my eyes, imagining Pete’s throbbing fuck once more. He is so beautifully made and I love him so, he loved for me to ‘help myself’ as he always said, liking the way I always did, and then continuing that he loved the things I did with his cock in foreplay.

I so loved to feel him up and wank him as I placed that beautiful red plum as I called it into my mouth to feel the bulk of it, my tongue foraging around, teasing it madly, sucking it deeper and deeper, holding my breath for a real deep throated blow job, so very nice and wonderful, and I knew it was something which would earn me a real hard thrusting deep penetrating fuck.

When he would lift me bodily and sling me over the edge of the settee and just take me like a servant lad, fucking the ass off me, his grunts and moans accompanying his heavenly fuck.

I was already there in bed with him, doping all the things he had talked about, like tying my wrists and ankles to the bedrails, stuffing my mouth with his worn briefs, blindfolding me as he experimented with my body, it was going to be so very good.

But who was that at the door, he had been chatting for a long time and I was getting hard again, I felt the anal hunger ache for more of his cock, it is what I had become used to. Hopefully I would not have to wait long.

I felt like shouting ‘come on, Pete hurry up.” but of course I wouldn’t have been that rude, Pete was such a considerate guy and I didn’t want to spoil that. 
But I hear a female voice - and he’d asked her in - what the hell was he doing. I covered myself in the duvet, what I had was for Pete’s eyes only. I’d never performed or been with a female and had no inclination so to do. But I knew Pete was bi - I had to accept that, but he treated me well and so I had no complaints. But who was he talking to now?  Tap-Tap=Tap at the door soon  answered that query.
“Hope you don’t mind, Jeff but it’s my ex. She just happened to be in town, has to fly back to Toronto tomorrow, so had to ask her in.”

I guess I looked apprehensive - seeing how I was attired and lodged in his bed because he said not to worry - Linda knew about us and before I had a chance to respond there was Linda peeking through the opening in the door.

“Hell, Jeffrey - so you are Jeffrey. I can see what Pete sees in you.” she complimented . Then she came right into the bedroom and Pete let her, now I was more embarrassed than ever.
The pong of her perfume was very aromatic, she was a very nice girl to be sure, dressed in an alluring short red skirt and cloak top, she wore a black laced blouse beneath which was very low cut, displaying her ample cleavage to full advantage. I guess she was lovely enough and she had a very  delightful smile.
“I am sorry to interrupt your fun but you see, although Pete and I are finished - well to be frank he has still a lot to offer - as you well know. So occasionally we meet up for a sexual encounter, because there is no man in the world can come up to Pete’s delivery - if you know what I mean.”

She removed her cloak as she spoke and flung it onto the bed, Pete looked at me and winked. Surely they were not going to fuck in my presence.

Pete must have sensed my concern because he put his lips to hi mouth, winked again and his body language said it would be alright.

“You Don’t mind if I get comfortable do you, Pete?” 

She was removing her skirt now revealing laced black stocking tops and  suspenders which I had not seen for a while, except in pictures, to see for real was something more and she wore a delightful red tie up thong. For a self confessed woman hater my down under was behaving very oddly and I had to admit she gave me a healthy urge.

Did Pete realise that?, he was still watching her and then obviously my reaction. Then it suddenly struck this very naive guy that he was intending a bi threesome and when he whispered would I be part of it.
“You see Pete has told me a lot about you, well - I won’t beat about the bush -  Pete and I have shared most everything and so he thinks you may like to share too, the three of us - together.”

“Together?” I breathed deeply, still taking in her very charismatic scent which made it seem alright. If Pete thought it was right then it was right with me, and anyway I’d never been with a woman before, what better than under the guidance of Pete. I had to adjust of course, it had always been a one to one, but to have the luxury of being with them both, and on the same bed was rather enticing
“Together, the three of us. Many of my friends indulge now, some even in groups, but I have to confess I am a three at a time girl,” she chuckled.

Her personality was everything and as she gently rolled back the duvet I felt very comfortable with the idea.

“I think we ought to take this off, don’t you - it isn’t cold.”

I was shivering with excitement, never having been in front of a woman naked before, except my mother and I was a kid then. But I felt it right to hide my embarrassment with my hands. Her smile was warming as she started to remove all of her clothes assisted by Pete who was also naked by now. I saw that my cock was very erect again and felt the odd one out because I wasn’t - still apprehensive I guess. But I needn’t have been because  Linda soothed my passion with delightfully gentle fingers stroking my chest and down, down to my down -unders which were soon responding to her heavenly touch, the squeezing and the gently stretching. It was then I realised I was bi too. She had a lovely touch and I started to want her in more ways than one - and when she bent down and took my growing erection into her mouth I knew it for certain- laying there, feeling the suck of a gorgeous woman was something very special indeed and already I was in another world of ecstasy. This girl had no inhibitions and made it seem like she was so hungry for it.

I saw that Pete was watching intently, smiling and nodding at me like he was glad to be sharing his ex with me. When after a long slow suck, she paused and took a long deep breath, her eyes looked into mine in a very erotic way. Pete was nodding his head in approval and it was almost as if this had all been pre-arranged.
“You needn’t be bashful Jeffrey,” Linda said in her very sexual voice, “I have seen it all before and you are good okay? “

I nodded and felt her squeeze me there. “It is lovely, you taste as  good as you look good,” she murmured sort of sucking her lips -  her hands dipping down beneath my testis, feeling the touch of her tongue about my neck which felt so good, I was boiling inside, the sheer ecstasy of it all, having this darling woman pamper me so delightfully with Pete watching, which was a bonus.

“Shall we do something g between us now, Linda?” asked Pete - “If that’s okay with you of course, Jeff?”

I said I would go along with anything so long as it was good to do.

“Oh! It will be that alright,” Linda assured, her hand cupping and lifting my balls and stiffened cock, gently massaging all and sundry in the palms of her hands.

I must have looked confused but she soon put me right, “ It is something you like doing with Pete and I want you to feel equally at home with me doing it with you.”

I was soon relished with the taste of her as she placed herself astride my face, I saw that Pete had also changed position and he was kneeling facing me with Linda now taking his cock, whilst she smothered me with her so warm and wet femininity, so good and so wonderful .

“Mmm! So good,” she moaned, “eat me baby, I don’t mind, it is all for you, just for you.”

 I started to relax then, knowing she wanted it, I’d never sucked pussy before, it was different, my head wedged there between her gorgeous curves as she moved her ass , swaying from side to side as I could hear her sucking Pete. I took the opportunity to mould her bum in my hands, stretch it wide to get gander of girl hole, - tasted that too, was good and really a nice feminine flavour, I let myself go and gave all a good licking and sucking until I heard Pete cum strong, Linda seemed to be swallowing, she was some girl, and after we were talking about Pete while he was away in the bathroom getting  cleaned up.

“You’ve never done this before have you Jeff?  I mean mixed threesome?” 
I swallowed watching her delicately finger her well sucked pussy and managed to reply “No”
“Pete is a lovely fuck, don’t you think, Jeff?”

She was all questions.
“Well I wouldn’t know from a female point of view?
“Don’t be crazy, he’s fucked you hasn’t he?”
“Yes but that’s different, you are a woman, its different.”
She leant forward into bursts of laughter. “ A fuck is a fuck is a fuck whatever, he’s got a beautiful cock and knows how to use it for best sensitivity - I love to feel it up me. You can fuck me too if you like, would you like that?”

I hesitated, but deep down I relished the thought of a girl fuck. I stammered a little but she seemed immediately to understand and felt me again, running her fingers along the growing length of my penis like it was a stalk of a flower, smelling its tip and complimenting me on the nectar.

“”You have a nice one too, I would like to be fucked with that, would you, baby?”

I guess my tongue was hanging out because now, apart from feeling and squeezing me her tongue was busy again doing wonderful things with my p-hole, making me shudder with sheer excitement, she wasted no time in stretching my bum cheeks apart and I heard that moan again as she licked me gently there. “That is so lovely Baby - it has been so well fucked I can see, perhaps Pete will fuck you again later and we can share something, maybe suck you as Jeff fucks you, that will be really nice”!
Wow! This girl was not slow coming forward in any way.
I rolled her over on the edge of the bed. positioned myself between those gorgeous stocking topped hips stretched wide for me, revealing that gorgeous  gaping part of her that I wanted to sample so much.
“Fuck me now, Baby. Fuck me hard” she yelled.

I felt the deep warmth of her pussy smother my cock first then take it right into her, starting to thrust as we soon got into beautiful throbbing  fuck, her mouth and tongue finding mine as I thrust my cock in and out of her like a steam engine and tasted her kiss.

In fact for the rest of the afternoon we all shared heaven, this was going to be the cue for lots more threesomes and we had so much to give to each other.

Soon Jeff was back and while I was inside Linda, he managed somehow to get inside me at the same time, now that was really something to be cherished, and then after that all else we shared by way of sucking and licking each other, no holds barred and I mean no holds.

For now I am exhausted writing this so will take a breather and yes, you have guessed, Jeff is back and I can see he already has a real hard on beneath those jeans, and his smile says it all.
Bye for now folks, be with you again soon.
Ahh! and now there is Linda too.