 What to do about Pet

After Pet's friends left she reverted back to the way she was when she first came to us. She was waiting on us hand and foot. She couldn't do enough for us. When she wasn't busy she was on the floor at my feet with her head on my knee. She always wore her leash. Kathy and I were very concerned about her but didn't know what to do.

After a couple months Pet came running in and jumped on my lap. She was sitting sideways on my lap and had her laptop with her. She popped it open and said, "Look Uncle Dave!" What I saw was the whole screen was this beautiful pussy wide open.

What could I say, "Wow, that's a beautiful pussy."

Pet kissed my cheek and said, "I know, it's mine." She scrolled down past the picture and all the message said was: Miss you, love Nancy.

Pet closed the laptop and it slid on to the couch. Her arms went around me and I thought she was going to cry. There were no tears but you could tell from her voice she was ready to cry, "I miss being with them Uncle Dave." 

I said all the normal comforting sayings, You'll see them again, You'll meet new friends. I said all the things you would say to a young woman of 12 or 13, but Pet was a sexually active woman of 25. She and I both knew it was not all that simple not for her.

So what do you do with a woman that just lost her only friend and her first love? You go to Disneyland! Maybe if she really was twelve but there is only one place to take a 25 year old sexually active beautiful petite blonde pixie goddess to forget her problems, Las Vegas!

I kissed Pet and asked, "How would you like to go to the sin capital of the world, Las Vegas? We can catch a flight out Friday night and be back Sunday night."

Pet got all excited and said, "Really Uncle Dave? That sounds like fun." Then she turned away and asked, "Could it be just the three of us this time?"

I pulled her face to me and say, "I always plan for it to be just the three of us but we seem to find people that like to well......."

She kissed me and said, "This time can we "just say no" and leave it to just us?"

Just then Kathy walked in and said, "It'll have to be just the two of you. I just got off the phone with my boss. There is a big fuck up at work and we have to fix it before the board meeting on Monday. I was just coming in to tell you I have to work this weekend."

Kathy sat down with us and I say, "We can make it another weekend."

Kathy says, "No, you two go ahead. It will be good for Pet to get away and it might be good for just the two of you to spend some time together. I'm going to be gone most of the weekend any way so it would still be just the two of you." 

Pet lifted her leg over my head and was sitting on my lap facing me. She kissed me and said, "You and me in Las Vegas, now that is going to be a trip." Kathy and I looked at each other, we knew it would not be just the two of us. Pet draws people like flies to honey, but I would have her for most of the weekend all to myself.

Friday came and I called in sick so we could get the noon flight. It was very sad leaving Kathy behind. Before she left for work she had me fuck her and Pet eat her out. When she was finally dressed and ready to leave she kissed us both and said, "Now you guys have fun but I expect to be able to have a weekend away with Pet myself. She kissed us both again and reluctantly got in the car and left.

It was 8 am and we had to be at the air port by 10:30 for the noon flight. We didn't have a lot of time but it was enough for one good fucking. As I was pulling my cock from her pussy I asked, "Have you ever heard of the mile high club?"

She got off the bed and we went to shower together. She said, "Jake told me about it and if he had ever taken me anywhere I'm sure he would have made me join. Knowing Jake it would have not only been him but every man on the plane."

I was thinking I had been a jerk for even bringing it up. We were in the shower now and she turned to face me and asked, "Are you and Aunt Kathy members?" She was stroking my cock now and said, "You're not offering me a membership are you?"

Trying to regain control I said, "If you had ever thought of joining I'd be glad to help but you don't have to join if you don't want to."

She knew she had me at the point of no return. As I shot my load all over her belly and down her pussy she said, "I couldn't think of a better way to start our weekend together."

I told her not to pack anything. I then told her to wear her sleeveless summer dress that buttons down the front and nothing under it. I hurriedly packed a couple shirts and slacks. My favorite uniform for Pet and her leash. I called the cab and went down stairs to wait. Pet came down a few moments later and she looked beautiful. Her dress came half way to her knees with a couple buttons open on the bottom. She had the top open enough to show off the top of her big tits. She pulled the dress up showing me there was nothing under it. I was ready to fuck her right then and there but the cab honked for us.

During the cab ride to the airport we were all over each other. My hand was under her dress and in her pussy and we kissed the whole way there. When the three of us go out people don't notice anyone but Pet. Now that it was just the two of us hanging all over each other we got a lot of stares. We got to the airport and finally boarded the plane. Before everyone had taken their seats Pet asked for a blanket.

It was about four hour flight so we didn't rush into anything. Once the drinks were served and things had calmed down Pet kissed my cheek and said, "I'm ready to join the club now."

Pet put the blanket over both of us. She had every button but the one at her waist undone. Her pussy and tits were wide open for me to play with. While I took advantage of what was being offered to me, Pet took out my cock and started stroking it. She kissed me and said, "Now Uncle Dave." She rolled on her side with her back to me. I spooned up behind her and my cock slipped right in to her pussy. She stayed still and let me rock in and out of her pussy until I was filling her with me thick creamy load.

I pulled my cock from her. She turned and kissed me saying, "Now I have to go get cleaned up since this is the only dress you let me bring." She only buttoned two up and two down so most of the dress was still open. Everyone on the plane watched her walk up and back to her seat. When she climbed over the isle person I could see what everyone was looking at. She got back under the blanket and kissed me saying. "I love you Uncle Dave." We cuddled together and slept the rest of the trip. 

Before we got off the plane Pet had one more button done top and bottom. When she walked she still showed a lot of legs, as much leg as you can get on a less than 5' girl. We took a cab to the hotel and checked in. We got to the room and her dress was off before I had the door closed. Pet jumped on the bed and said, "Now fuck me right Uncle Dave."

My clothes were on the floor by the time she got the words out. I jumped on the bed with her and we kissed. Here we were laying naked on a hotel bed alone in Las Vegas. We were kissing and stroking and it all seemed so wicked. I was in no hurry to worship my pixie goddess. My hands roamed all over her body followed by soft kisses. I slowly worked myself up and over Pet's body.

Pet's hair had grown back and Kathy kept it well trimmed. I ran my fingers through it and down to her pussy lips. My cock was over Pet's face and as I went down to lick her pussy lips her head came off the bed and took my cock in her mouth. I rolled us on our sides and we licked, kissed and ate each other. Finally Pet moaned, "Now Uncle Dave, I want you in me now."

The sun was still high and Pet got on her hands and knees looking out the window down on the strip. I got behind her and slowly pushed my cock into her. I just held her with my cock deep in her pussy and she said, "Oh God it is all so beautiful, looking at the strip alone with you with your cock deep in my pussy. Oh God Uncle Dave fuck me ........... fuck me good."

I started pounding in to her. She was pushing back to meet every stroke. I have fucked her many, many times but never like this. I've never had her all to myself like this. The whole situation got the better of me and I was soon filling her sweet young pussy with a very large load of my love cream. As soon as I finished pumping into her she pulled her pussy of my cock. She spun around and pushed me to the bed kissing me. She was kissing me all over and saying, :I love you Uncle Dave, please don't ever make me leave."

After all we have been through she still believes one day she will be asked to leave. There was nothing I could say that she would believe so I just held her tight. I kissed her full on the mouth and said, "I love you too, Pet, more than you could know and I never want you to leave." She held me so tight I thought she might break my ribs.

We lay there for a while just holding each other. I playfully slapped her ass and said, "Get dressed. It's time to go shopping. First we'll walk along the strip and see what all the hot young girls are wearing then see about getting you some thing even better. You are going to be the hottest thing walking the strip this weekend."

We dressed and went walking. People are dressed in every thing you can think of but the most popular among the young girls was the short full mini-skirt with the one shoulder t-shirt showing the belly. Along with this they were wearing the high strap sandals that wrap up the leg. Now that we knew what we were looking for Pet had a ball shopping. I got her a couple pairs of panties telling her, "With that short of a skirt I don't want anyone seeing that beautiful pussy of yours except me." Then with a smile said, "Unless I tell you to take them off."

We went back to the hotel. Pet said she wanted to see one of the nude shows that night. While she went up to the room to change I went to get the tickets for the show. I told her to meet me in the lounge. When Pet walked in the bar I thought I would shoot another load right on the spot, along with every other man in the bar. I have never seen her look so beautiful and so sexy. Every eye in the bar followed her as she walked over to me. She put her arms around my neck and gave me a kiss that could have started a fire. She pushed her pussy against my very hard cock and said, "I see you like my new uniform. Is this what you want me to wear when we get back home?"

We hit the strip doing all there was to do. We did the roller coaster in New York, New York. We did the wax museum. Every couple hours I was getting another throw away camera to show Kathy our little pet in Las Vegas. Pet was flashing me, and everyone else on the strip, every chance she had. We had strangers taking pictures of the two of us. Every time they were ready to shoot the picture Pet would flip her skirt up. Every picture of us had Pet flashing her panties. We had a great time just having fun. We were kissing and hanging all over each other. You would think we had just gotten married in Vegas.

We got back to the hotel and hit the Buffett before going up to the room. Pet was a hit everywhere we went. She could be wearing a feed bag and still get the attention of everyone in the place, but dressed the way she was, wow. Pet wanted to play the slots before we went up stairs. Now I have a slight problem with that kind of thing so I gave Pet $100.00 and told her to have fun. 

I was in one of the small bars watching Pet at her machine. All the guys were watching her as well. She would come over to me every once in a while and kiss me and tell me how she was doing. She was having a ball. I told her, "When you go back out there you don't need to sit so much like a lady."

She got a wicked smile and asked, "Do you want me to put on a show out there? Is this show for you or just anyone?"

I kissed her and said, "Mainly for me but if anyone else happens to see so much the better."

She took a machine at the end of a row so I could see her. She had her legs wide open and I, as well as everyone with me, could clearly see her panties. Every time she would win she would turn to me and bounce up and down, showing more and more. Then she hit a $1,000.00 jackpot. She was jumping up and down and that little skirt was going right with her. She gartered her money and came running over to me. In an excited voice that was not low at all she said, "Take me up stairs and fuck me good!" There was one big sigh from the whole bar as I took her arm and walked out with her.

We stopped to change in her money then went to the room. Pet was trying to give me her money but I told her, "You won it, it's yours." She made me take back the hundred I gave her. She had over $900.00 in her hand, more money than she has ever had to herself. 

She just sat there looking at all that money. She got this gleam in her eye. She said she saw this on some show once. She threw the money up and it landed all over the bed. By the time the money had settled on the bed she was naked. She jumped on the bed rolling in the money and said, "Fuck me. Fuck me right now, right here. Fuck me Uncle Dave."

I have to admit fucking on a bed full of money was a first for me. When she got the money she insisted it not be anything over twenties so there was a lot of money. I pushed into her. She had two fists full of bills rubbing them on her tits as I fucked away. I'm not sure what got her off so fast, my expert fucking or all that money that was all hers. She came fast, in fact she came three times before I emptied into her. After we calmed down she gather up every bill and counted them to make sure they were all there. She took out $100.00 and told me to hold on to the rest. 

The look in her eyes just knowing she had her own money on her, it was something I had never seen in her before. Even though she has over $70,000.00 in the bank this was hers, in her hand. The closest thing I could think of to describe it would me a kid getting his first allowance. You could see the things going through her mind as to what she would do with it. I was interested to see what she did do with it.

We took a nap before the late show. I woke up around 9 and pet was dressed but laying next to me asleep. I got up and walked around the bed. Pet was asleep with a big smile and holding a purse. She didn't own one, she never had anything to carry in it. All she had was her id and car keys, those she shoved in her pocket. Now she had a reason to own a purse. She must have gone out while I was sleeping. She looked so happy and so beautiful I didn't want to wake her.

I kissed her sweet lips and her eyes opened. She just lay there looking at and said, "I love you Uncle Dave."

I kissed her again and said, "I love you too baby." Then I pulled out the purse and said, "Did you go shopping while I was asleep?"

She jumped right up and started going off, "Oh, I am so sorry Uncle Dave. I didn't mean to ..."

I put my fingers to her lips and kissed her saying, "It's fine Pet. It's your money and you're over 21. You can do what you want with it." Holding up the purse looking at it I say, "Now that you have a place to keep it would you like the rest of your money?" She just smiled and put her arms around me.

I got dressed and we went out for a late dinner, which Pet insisted on paying for. The joy that showed in her eyes at that time was better than anything I could have done for her. Dinner was great. We laughed and talked and just enjoyed being together.

We got to the show and after slipping the guy a fifty we got great seats down front. We were at a table with another couple. They were younger than me and older than Pet. Now Pet does not look her age of 25. I on the other hand look every bit my age of 37. That's why we were getting so many looks from everyone. We all introduced ourselves. We were so used to the story that Pet was staying with us. Then they asked where my wife was. When we said she couldn't make the trip their eye brows went up and they looked at the two of us and smiled.

The whole conversation took on a sexual tone after that. Without saying anything they knew we were fucking each other. It was out in the open when Jack asked, "Your wife is ok with you two coming here together?"

To which Pet said, "Oh, yes. She is just sorry she couldn't join us." 

Now everyone knew everything and the flirting and teasing started long before the show did. It didn't take long for Pet and I to figure out that Jack and Joan were swingers. They were both very interested in my little pet and Joan was flirting with me as though her husband wasn't even there. That just gave him more time to flirt with Pet.

The show started and we all moved our chairs around to watch. This left me sitting next to and very close to Joan. Not long into the show Joan's hand was on my thigh. I got Pet's attention and at first I thought she was going to be jealous. After all this was our weekend together. Not long after Pet reached over and took Joan's hand and put it right on my cock. At the same time she said, "I'm too short. I can't see from here. Can I move my chair over next to you Jack?" 

Jack was caught by surprise and when he looked at Pet he noticed his wife's hand on my cock. Of course my hand was working it's way up his wife's leg. He looked back at Pet and she winked at him. He aid, "Sure Pet." Then in sly tone said, "You can sit on my lap if you need too since Dave's lap is busy."

The rest of the show Jack and I were playing with Pet and Joan's pussy and they were playing with our cocks. Pet said she had to use the restroom and like all women asked Joan to go with her. I don't know what they talked about but when Joan came back it was without her panties. I'm sure Pet did the same. In fact I would bet it was Pet's idea. For the rest of the show Jack and I had full access to their pussys. I know Joan got off a couple times. I don't know about Pet.

After the show Jack and Joan were all ready to party. Pet put a stop to it and said we needed to get back to our room, Kathy would be calling soon. She thanked them very much for a fun time and said we may run into them again over the weekend. She said that if we did maybe things ..., then let it drop. She kissed Jack goodnight and slipped her panties into his hand. Joan and I kissed but it was not her panties I had in my hand.

As we were all walking back we found they were in the same hotel just two floors below us. We talked as we walked to the hotel and it just worked out that soon Jack was walking with Pet and I was walking with Joan. Once in the elevator Both Joan and Pet had their tops pulled up and Jack and I were sucking their tits and playing with their pussy. We got to their floor and they got off saying they would see us tomorrow. The doors closed and Pet and I bust out laughing. We only had two floors to go but I was sucking her tits and playing with her pussy just as Jack had done.

We were both so hot for each other that as soon as we were in the room the clothes were off and we were fucking like mad. Pet had two big orgasms before I filled her pussy. I rolled beside Pet and was stroking her when she said, "I guess it's not going to be just the two of us this weekend." We both started laughing and kissing. We cuddled up and went to sleep.

I woke the next morning with my cock in Pet's mouth. Just as my eyes started to focus on that beautiful mouth sucking my cock, the phone rang. Pet never stopped as I answered it. It was Kathy getting ready to leave for the office. I shared my morning blowjob with her. I was telling her how much I missed her just as I shot off filling Pet's mouth. Pet drank down every drop then wanted to talk to Kathy. She got on the phone and started telling her all about our trip so far. Her voice would peak now and then as I ate her out. She finally said, "Goodbye Aunt Kathy. I love you." I don't know if Kathy was still on the phone but Pet was still holding it when she screamed, "Oh God YES ......... EAT MY PUSSY ......... MAKE ME CUM.......... YES YES YESSSS!"
