 Chapter 14: Bill Moves In

After putting Bill on the plane to go home and put his affairs in order the three of us had a lot of talking to do. Pet was very much in love with Bill. By the end of the week it was easy to tell that Bill was not only in love with Pet but worshiped her. I don't know if a pet can have a pet but when we were not around Bill was her puppy dog. He would follow her anywhere and do anything she said. As far as Bill was concerned the sun rose and set because of Pet.

It would take about three weeks for Bill to get everything in order, rent a truck and drive back. We had a lot to do as well. Pet stopped taking her pills. I told them we were going to have to get a bigger house. What I didn't tell them is that Bill would design and build our new house. Kathy and I talked a lot during that three weeks and we both agreed that one week was not long enough to know if we wanted Bill as the father of our baby. We like the guy a lot but this is a major decision. We know it is the right thing for Pet.

Soon it was close to the time Bill would be back. We only had three more nights that it would be just the three of us. After Saturday all our lives would change forever. Life would never be the same. First there would be another man around the house. Shortly there would be a baby living with us. Pet took all three nights and turned them into a celebration of the three years we have all lived together. She made lavish dinners with cake and candles the whole nine yards. After she cleaned up each night she made sure we knew how much she loved living here those three years.

Friday night, our last night as a trio, I told Pet not to cook. The three of us went out to dinner at the best club in town. Afterward we danced. Pet was so excited to be going out and she was dressed so sexy. She danced with me, then Kathy and a couple guys asked her. She was having a ball. It was only around 11pm when I told Pet it was time to leave. She was very disappointed until I told her, "We don't have far to go. We're only going to room 312." Now she was more than ready to go.

We got to the room and Pet went running and jumped on the bed. Her short skirt went flying and she had the cutest little panties on. Kathy and I watched her as she rolled on the bed. Pet suddenly sat up and asked, "Remember the first time we went on a plane and stayed in a hotel together?" Kathy and I sat next to her and held her. The tears started coming and she sobbed, "You guys have been so good to me and so good for me. I love you both so much I never want to leave."

I kissed her and said, "You never have to leave."

She started shaking her head saying, "Bill is coming, then the baby will be here. I hope Bill and I get married. Everything is going to change."

I put my hand to her lips and said, "Kathy and I are married and that didn't change anything. If you and Bill get married will you want things to change?"

I still had my fingers on her lips and she just shook her head, no. Then I let it slip, "I was going to save this until tomorrow but Bill and I have been working on a design for our new house. When I say "our" I mean all of us together." She looked up at me and her eyes were full of hope. I told both Kathy and Pet our ideas about the house. "The bottom floor has a large living room in front. In the back is a big kitchen and dining room. There are two stairs going to the second level. One side is yours and Bill's the other side is for Kathy and me. There is a master bedroom, full bath and a room for the baby on both sides. The difference is that between your master bedroom and ours is a doorway. You and Bill can come to our bed anytime you want."


She was so excited she started ripping my clothes off. All three of us were trying to undress each other all at once, which was not working. We finally fell to the bed laughing and each took off our own clothes. We were a naked in a flash and Pet jumped back on top of me. She didn't waste any time and had my cock deep in her pussy. She was hot and ready. As soon as my cock was fully in her she started her orgasm. She rode me hard and heavy until I finally blasted away in her pussy. She screamed and fell on the bed beside me. Kathy dove right in licking Pet's pussy to yet another orgasm.

We took a break and lay there stroking Pet's body. She started remembering again, "Remember that first day when I went down on you the first time?"

Kathy kissed her and said, "How could I forget that. You were the first woman to ever do that to me."

That's how we spent the whole night, remembering, crying, and fucking. None of us got any sleep that night. The sun was coming up and we finally got to talking about Bill and the baby. There was a lot more crying. Pet and Kathy were rubbing each others bellies like they were already pregnant. Pet knew we were not ready yet but she also knew we were going to do it but just not sure how yet. Pet was saying she wanted a boy and Kathy surprised me saying, "I want a girl so she can grow up being daddy's girl."

Pet and Kathy got into a 69 and I knew this was just for them. I stepped back and let them be with each other. Just as they were really getting into it my cell rang. I had the home phone forwarded and it was Bill. He had just gotten to the edge of town. I told him to meet us at the coffee shop at the hotel. When we got to the coffee shop Bill was already there. It took them a while to finish what they were doing and I was not about to stop them. By the time we got dressed, cry, cry, kiss, kiss, it was over an hour.

Pet was very excited to see Bill again. She went running up to him and jumped in his arms thereby showing everyone in the coffee shop her panties.  Pet couldn't wait to tell him she was off the pill. We told him that Kathy and I were still looking into other options. Bill told us about a clinic in Mexico that was doing some amazing things . Bill had not even been back to the house yet and we were already planing a road trip together.

Pet and Bill were getting a little wild for the coffee shop so we headed to the house. Pet rode with Bill and for some reason they were about 30 minutes behind us getting home. Pet told us she sucked him off as soon as they got in the truck but she needed to be fucked so bad they had to stop. When she did get home she pulled up her skirt showing us that not only was she not wearing the panties any more but she was freshly fucked. Kathy was quick to take care of that situation.

While Kathy and Pet were going at it yet again Bill and I started unloading the truck. Like Pet he had very little clothes or anything personal. Most of what he had in the truck was construction tools. We put them in the garage. The last thing to come off the truck was the bed frame he had built. It was like a waterbed frame so it had support through out and two drawers, one on either side. The frame was bigger than our bed, it was built for a calif. king and we only had a queen. The drawers that pulled out held a single mattress and that is where Bill and Pet would sleep.

It was early enough I called and got the mattresses delivered that evening. I had them leave the two singles in the garage and bring the Calif. King up to the bedroom. It fit just right. Bill and I brought up the single mattresses and now our bedroom was all bed. That night we started a ritual that we followed every night.

When it was time for bed Pet was on her bed sucking my cock. Bill was on his bed on Kathy's side. Sometimes she would go down on him or Bill would go down on Kathy. When Bill and Pet had us both ready Kathy and I would roll to the middle of our bed and make love with Bill and Pet watching. Kathy and I made love slowly to each other with my cock sliding in and out of her. Kathy cums before me most nights but I am quick to follow her. Then we roll away and Pet will suck my cock clean as Bill goes down on Kathy.

We did that every night before going to sleep. Some nights I would bring Pet on in to bed with us. Other nights Kathy would bring Bill. About once a week both Bill and Pet would join us on the big bed. The only way Kathy will let Bill fuck her is doggie style, like she is fucking the family pet. The only one she makes love to is me. This went on for a couple weeks while Kathy and I got our birth certificate and everything else ready for our trip to Mexico. Pet and Bill always had their birth certificate with them for some reason.

While we waited for our documents I took Kathy away for the weekend, just the two of us. Pet was confused about our need to be alone but it was something Kathy and I needed. This also gave Pet and Bill some time alone. I would love to have been a fly on the wall for that. As soon as Kathy and I were in the motel we were naked and fucking. It had been so long since it was just Kathy and I.

Kathy pulled my clothes off and was going down on me. I didn't want to cum in her mouth, at least not this time. I pulled Kathy up. She was only wearing a summer dress. She pulled down the zipper and as she stood up the dress fell to the floor. I picked her up and laid her on the bed. We were soon in a 69 with my cock back in her mouth. Even before Pet came along Kathy was one great cocksucker. She was just as good now as she ever was.

Kathy had me to the point again and I turned around shoving my cock deep in her pussy. We just stayed like that for a while not moving. I slowly started pumping in and out of her pussy. It was one of the best fucks Kathy and I ever shared. We both slowly built to our climax and Kathy went over the edge first. I soon followed her filling her pussy.

I fell down next to her and once we could talk again she ran her fingers through her freshly fucked pussy. She smiled at me and said, "Since Pet is not her I guess you'll have to do it." We went right in to a 69 licking each other clean. Surprisingly we both came again. This time I had no problem filling Kathy's wonderful mouth with my second load. I licked every drop of Kathy's sweet nectar until she couldn't take it any more.

Once we were all fucked out we had some time to talk. I told Kathy how I felt about watching Pet grow and mature. I told her that it made me regret having been fixed and now wanted a baby very much. I know it was my choice and I told Kathy I wanted a baby with her no mater what or who it took to do it. She shared all her feelings and we were both so excited that the sex started all over again.

That's how the weekend went. We would talk then fuck then talk some more. That always led to more fucking. By the end of the weekend not only were we totally fucked out but had made some major decisions. We would go to the clinic and if there was any way to have "our" baby that's what we wanted. If we couldn't have it that way we still wanted a baby and Bill seemed to be a good choice.

We got back home and I set Bill up an account like I did Pet. He was looking in to some of the construction companies but wouldn't start until we got back from our trip. Bill and Pet were alone together during the day. What time they weren't fucking each other Bill set up a workshop in the garage. He was very good at his trade and could run any crew, now he would be able to do just that.

When I came home from work each day, I would most often find Bill fucking Kathy over the table from behind. Pet was always waiting for me and always wanting what ever I asked her to do. Most times I would have Pet suck me off as I watched Bill finishing with Kathy.

The day came for us to leave and we were all excited, me most of all. It was a two day drive down there. A week stay with two more days back, so we were looking at a two week trip. We stopped the first night and got one room with two beds. Kathy and I knew we would be out of the action most of the week and would only be able to watch Pet and Bill. These last two night we wanted our pets with us.

I took Pet to one bed as Kathy took Bill to the other. I told Pet to undress me then strip herself but to do it in a teasing way. Kathy was having her own fun with her pet. It took almost half an hour for Pet to finally get me naked. By the time she finished every nerve in my body was firing off like sparks. Then she stripped and that took even more time. I would look over at Kathy and Bill and between the three of them I was harder than I have ever been. Without being touched I was ready to explode.

When Pet finally stood before me naked I couldn't wait any longer. I told Pet, "Now Pet." She went down on my cock in a flash. She just got her mouth on my cock when I started filling her beautiful mouth with all my built up load. As she drank down all I had her eyes were looking up at me and smiling. I let her mouth work my cock back to it's hard state before I told her to stop.

I looked over at Kathy. Bill seemed to be in the same condition I was before but Kathy wasn't letting him cum. She had Bill on the floor eating her pussy. His cock looked like it would explode any time. Kathy was in another world. She had no idea what was going on around her. I told Pet, "Bill, go get it." She was on the floor under Bill as fast as she had taken my cock. Like me she was just able to get it in her mouth before he let go. Pet had him back to a good hard fucking state before Kathy came down from her orgasm. I told Pet, "Stop, heel." She was back between my legs before Kathy even opened her eyes.

Kathy and I were both ready for some hot and heavy pet fucking. Believe me there is nothing like fucking your pet. Pet and I have had our love sessions with and without Kathy but there are times when it is nothing more than a hot and hard pet fuck. That's what we all needed tonight. A pet fuck is always doggie style, it just adds to the whole thing for both Pet and me.

Kathy and Pet got on the beds on their hands and knees. Even though it may seem the same it was totally different for Kathy and I. With Kathy she was being fucked by her pet. I was doing the fucking with Pet, my pet. Your cock might not know the difference but your head sure does. I grabbed Pet's hips and slammed my cock deep in her pussy. She was hot wet and ready. I was fucking her hard and fast and her pussy was pulling on my cock with every thrust.

Kathy was screaming. Pet was screaming. The sound of bodies slapping was bouncing off the walls. Bill gave out first yelling he was cuming. Kathy was screaming, "FUCK ME ........ FILL MY HOT PUSSY ........ FUCK ME HARD SPIKE .......... GIVE IT TO ME." I guess Kathy just named her pet as he filled her pussy with his cream.

When Kathy yelled "Fuck me hard Spike" Pet and I both stopped and looked at them. Pet picked right up on it and started shoving her pussy hard on my cock. She started yelling, "FUCK YOUR LITTLE PET ......... FUCK MY PUSSY ......... KEEP FUCKING THE HOUSE PET ...... FILL THAT PET PUSSY WITH CREAM .......... YOU OWN THIS PUSSY FILL IT UP!" That did it for me and I was filling my little pet to over flowing. My cum was running out of her pussy as fast as I shot it into her.

We finally fell to the bed with Kathy and Bill. There wasn't a sound for the longest time. Then Pet rolled over and looked at Kathy asking, "Spike?" We all started laughing so hard we almost rolled off the bed. Kathy still had Bill's cock in her and was laughing. She said, "Spike was our German Shepard when I was growing up. When I started having those urges I thought more than once about taking on old Spike. I flashed on those thoughts as Bill was fucking me."

I was shocked. You live with someone all this time and you think you know them. I just had to ask, "So did you and Spike every get together"

Kathy turned beat red and said, "Of course not, but there was this one time. I was about 18 or 19 and came back from collage. Spike and I were alone in the house. I had just gotten myself off and was lying on my bed with my eyes closed. Suddenly I felt something cold between my legs. Spike must have come in to see what the smell was. He sniffed me and started licking me and I didn't stop him. That was the only time any thing happened. I have never told anyone about that."

I smiled and said, "No wonder you wanted a pet." We all started laughing and Kathy laughed so hard she pushed Bill out of her pussy.

Hearing her story I was hard as a rock again. I told pet, "Get down, Pet, for round two." She got on all fours and I slammed into her. This was only the second pussy I had ever fucked that was still sloppy. Some how that just made it all the better.

When Kathy yelled out, "Ride that big dog, Pet" I lost it and was again filling Pet's pussy. Kathy's comment had the same effect on Pet as she screamed her own orgasm. This time when I fell back pulling out of Pet Kathy was right there licking up both loads. After all the pet sex Kathy and I slept together and Pet and Bill took the other bed.

More and more we were accepting Bill as part of the house. Kathy was getting in to having her own pet and even I was getting close to Bill. Not close enough to accept his offer yet but close. We were up and on the road early the next day. Kathy spent most of the morning in the back with Bill and sometimes Pet as well.

We stopped for lunch and I told Bill it was his turn to drive while I had my time with my pet. Pet got in back with me and I had her sucking me off before we even pulled out. Watching the three of them all morning I was ready to let lose, which I soon did in Pet's mouth. I never told Pet to stop and she soon had me hard again. I had her bend over between the two front seats and fucked her good from behind. Kathy joined us for a while. She licked Pet while Pet sucked me hard again. I hadn't fucked Kathy the night before so I really wanted to. She was still eating Pet as I slipped my cock deep in her pussy.

It was good to be back in Kathy's pussy, Since I had already cum twice it was a long slow fuck. When I finally filled her pussy Pet turned around and went down on Kathy. After that Kathy joined Bill back up front while Pet and I played with each other. We would kiss and stroke then do what ever we felt like doing which was fucking her two more times and her sucking me off once before we crossed the boarder.

We got into Mexico and found our hotel. Then it was another night with our pets. We would all be going to the clinic tomorrow morning. It was a very long day at the clinic and none of us got the information we wanted except me. No one talked much until dinner. As it turns out they can pull my sperm with no problem. It is good and strong and could get any woman pregnant. Kathy has many good eggs but with her age and some female thing I don't understand she can't carry a baby. We could use her egg and my sperm but would have to have a surrogate. Nothing is wrong with Pet. She is good and ready and any man coming close to her could get her pregnant, except Bill. The outfits that Bill is required to wear have kept his balls so tight he has cooked his sperm. He will have to wear boxers or nothing for a few months to get his sperm back to being healthy.

It was as if all of us got the same idea at the same time. Pet could carry our baby while Bill was getting his sperm healthy, then she could have their baby. Pet was so excited saying, "That would be the ultimate for a pet to do for her owner."

We came back from Mexico with Pet pregnant with mine and Kathy's baby. Kathy's tubes are still tied so she can fuck anyone she wants. I'm still fixed and can't get anyone pregnant unless they pull my sperm. Bill's outfits changed that night, he is now going commando. At the house he only wears the vest and both Kathy and Pet like it a lot more.