 [In this chapter they spend time at a family ranch where they explore intimacy deeper and more expressively than any of them had before. Coitus and fondling are taken to new levels of intimacy. Let me know what you think.]

When Jay and Andrea arrived back at the house, they saw no one near the pool or patio. They went into the bunk house and found no one there either. So they went out to the front porch and found Jenny and Petra sitting in the swing. 

They sat near them. Jenny asked about their dreams of the future. 

"I've wanted to be a pre-school teacher and a Mom ever since I was in middle school," Andrea said.

"And are you a pre-school teacher?" Petra asked.

"I was until I was about seven months pregnant, Then I stopped working to have my baby. I haven't been back." 

A silence lingered on the porch.

Jenny spoke up. "Does that mean you were hurt so badly that you don't love kids anymore?"

"No. It means that every time I think about a classroom full of four-year-olds I get depressed and think about our baby." Another pause. "I want to love them. I do love them. I just don't know if I can stop thinking about Megan."

Petra scooted forward on the swing and looked at Andrea. "Maybe you need to think about who those children are, who they are in relationship to you, and who they are in relationship to Life, Love, and God."

"What does that mean?"

"I've been listening to my brothers and sisters for a month. I'm starting to get some of the implications of what they have been saying. Let me talk about what I'm thinking with you both and see if what I'm thinking makes sense. OK?" 

They nodded. 

"So, if Life and Love are God then Megan is God too. Just because we can't see her, or watch her do the things that we wanted to see her do doesn't mean she is gone. And, if I understand this, it also means that we are all interconnected. Part of who you are is Megan. A part of every child in every pre-school class is Megan. So, when you step into a classroom full of four-year-olds you are standing in front of Megan. She is there. When you love them you are loving Megan, loving God, loving Life, and loving yourself."

Tears were running down Andrea's face, and Jenny's face, and Jay's face. Petra waited a few moments and continued. 

"I'm taking a leap here. I never held Megan. I never held a child of my own. I've wanted to for most of my life. I thought there was something really special about "my own child." Now, I know there is something special about "my own child." The something special is that I get to be the prime teacher for that child. I will willingly take on the job of teaching that child who they are, how to honor Life, Love, and God by honoring all Life, themselves, and each other person. I see now that biology doesn't mean anything except history. Somewhere in Raton there are children I've never seen. Those children are Life. I love them. I want the things for those children that I want for Megan, for my unborn children, and everyone. I want them to know who they are. I want them to know that they are part of the great Oneness, the great Wholeness of creation."

While Petra had been speaking the rest of the family had silently joined them on the porch. Jerry listened to what Petra said and then he spoke. 

"I have heard this explained quite a few times and never was it as clear as it is now. Petra, I am in awe of how you think."

"I want to go back to work in a pre-school." Andrea softly said. 

Jay hugged her.

Petra looked at Jerry and Tom and asked, "So, did I get it right?"

Tom laughed and answered, "Sweetheart, trust yourself. You know you have it right."

Jenny asked Jerry, "Where have you been?"

"I heard there was a great waterfall a walk from here and we went to see it."

"And?"

"And it is beautiful. If I had remembered to bring a towel with me I would have gone in it."

"And frozen his butt off!" Roseanne said. "Yesterday that water was snow! If you want to get wet I recommend the pool, it wasn't snow yesterday."

Jerry started towards the end of the porch and said, "Sounds good to me. Anyone else coming in?"

Everyone followed him. As he rounded the corner at the back of the house he took off his shirt and draped it over the back of a chair. Then off came the boots, socks and then the pants. He was pulling down the pants when Jay and Andrea rounded the corner and saw him. Jenny was standing next to Jerry with her shoes off and her shirt half way up headed over her head and off. Petra and Tom were behind Jay and Andrea and bumped into them when they suddenly stopped. When they bumped Petra said, "Oh. I guess we're using our one button suits today."

Andrea said, without turning her head, "One button suits?"

"Yes. The one button being the belly button."

By this time Jerry and Jenny as well as Alex and Roseanne were in the pool. Petra went around the still stationery Jay and Andrea and started taking her shoes off. Tom stayed with Jay and Andrea. 

"You want to go back to the porch?" He asked.

"No!" Andrea answered. "I'm going to let go of whatever it is that has me be afraid of being naked." 

With that she walked over to where Petra was getting undressed. She sat down and started by taking off her shoes.

"I was scared stiff when I got naked the first time." Petra said in a whisper.

Andrea looked at her and smiled, but weakly. Petra pulled off her shirt and stood naked before God. Andrea looked at her body and her smile and gulped once, then pulled off her clothes and headed for the water. When she came up she saw Tom and Jay both headed for the pool. They dove in and Andrea smiled when she noticed that when they dove in their penises hung down from their bodies almost like an erection. 

Tom came up right in front of Petra and kissed her. Underwater his hands were on her butt, pressing her against him. She returned the kiss with enthusiasm. She also grabbed his butt and held his front against hers.

As Jay came up from the bottom he had his eyes open, loving the sight of Andrea from underwater. Andrea had tanned legs and shoulders and a very white body. Her conservative one-piece bathing suit had protected her body from sunlight and from being seen. Now she was treading water before him in only her one-button suit as Petra had called it. He loved her half-dollar sized dark areolas and how they contrasted with the very pale skin around them. He remembered, every time he saw her breasts naked, how he had looked on their honeymoon at the tag on her Olga bra and discovered she wore a 34-C. He loved knowing that. Jay came to the surface right in front of her and at the same moment she felt his hands on her waist and his erection against her pubic hair. She opened her mouth and covered his, inserting her tongue. Her arms went around his shoulders and her legs went around his hips, grinding her pussy against his hardening erection. Within the time of that first kiss in the pool he was inside her. When the kiss ended they both glanced around the pool and noticed that no one was paying them any attention at all. They kissed a few more times as they coupled very slowly. Jay's feet could just touch the bottom without either of them going under, so he gently bounced up and down as he went in and out of Andrea. The pace quickened and before long he was whispering that he was going to cum. Andrea's response was to bite his earlobe. He came immediately.

She held him deep inside and waited until he had softened enough that he withdrew naturally, then she let go and swam to the side of the pool. When she looked around she saw that Harvey was with Jerry and Jenny and that both men were kissing Jenny. She froze, and watched. The longer she watched the more certain she was that both men loved Jenny and that was fine with them both. Finally she turned and Jay was right there. 

He whispered, "This is so strange. It goes in the face of everything I was taught, and it feels right." 

"How would you be if Jerry swam over here and kissed me?"

"I would look to see how you were with being kissed by him. I would wonder if you loved him more than me. I think."

"How would you react if Jenny swam over and wanted you to kiss her?"

"I'd be flattered, and scared. What if it upset you, or hurt you?"

"Would you expect me to be hurt or upset if your sister swam over and kissed you?"

"I wouldn't think so, but Jenny isn't my sister."

"Jenny thinks she is. From what Petra and the others have been saying, Jenny loves you, and she loves me. She wouldn't do anything that she thought would hurt either of us, or her."

"Hmmmm. I need to think about this." 

He kissed Andrea again. When he broke the kiss he asked, "What if the kiss includes tongue?"

Andrea smiled then kissed him with tongue. When the kiss ended she asked, "What do you have that mean; that I included tongue in the kiss?"

"I have it mean that the kiss is sexual."

"Keep talking." 

Andrea was still smiling and still had her legs around his hips. She could feel his penis and public hair against her pussy. She liked being naked in the water with Jay so close.

Jay was not thinking about Andrea's body. He was wrestling in his mind.

"I think the tongue means you want sex," he said.

"So that is one of the beliefs that we've been talking about. You believe that a kiss with tongue means that I want to have your penis in me." She paused, "But is that always the truth?"

"No. Probably not always."

"So a kiss with tongue could be just a stronger expression of affection than a kiss without tongue?"

"Yes. If that's what I make it mean."

"Can you make it mean that?"

"I think so." 

Jay was wondering where this was leading. He was about to find out. Andrea motioned to Alex and Roseanne and they swam over. Andrea released her leg lock on Jay and told Alex and Roseanne about their discussion. When she stopped Alex said, "We have had the same discussion a number of times ourselves. We came to the conclusion that we needed to construct a new paradigm for kissing."

"And what did you create?" Jay asked.

"That kissing God has to be done fully. That kissing Life invites full participation. That Love expressed can be expressed in every kiss." Alex said.

"That kissing anyone is expressing our connection, our acknowledged Oneness and affection for being with them at that moment." Roseanne said, holding on to the side of the pool.

"How hard was it to let go of the old paradigm?" Andrea asked.

"We did something, by accident that helped. We read a book." Roseanne said.

"What book?"

"Stranger in a Strange Land."

"I read that book when I was in high school!" Jay exclaimed.

"What do you remember?" Alex asked.

"There was a guy who was born on Mars and came to Earth. He didn't know much about being human but knew a lot that he had learned from the Old Ones on Mars." His face lit up. "Oh, the best thing for me was the description of the way he kissed the women. I was sixteen and when I read that when he kissed the women they knew he wasn't doing anything else. All his attention was in that kiss. I wanted to learn how to do that."

"I have been studying that myself." Roseanne said, "and so has Alex."

Andrea looked at Alex and said, "I want to be kissed by God." 

Then she looked at Jay and asked, "Would it be OK with you if Alex kissed me?" 

He nodded and said, "I would like to be kissed by God as well. Would it be OK with you if Roseanne and I kissed?" 

Andrea nodded and the two couples embraced and kissed.  The kiss lasted as long as it lasted. No thought was given to time. At some point both couples were under water. Andrea was aware that she was loved, that Alex knew exactly who she was and loved her fully. A few seconds into the kiss Roseanne was aware that Jay was fully kissing her. He was no where else. A few seconds after that she was aware that she was being kissed by his entire body and that her entire body was answering "Yes." 

Eventually they became aware that their bodies needed to have air. The kisses ended and they came to the surface.

Each took a long, full, breath and then Andrea spoke. "I have given up the old way of kissing!" 

They all laughed. Tom and Petra swam over and asked what was going on. The four moved into slightly shallower water where Petra could stand on the bottom and they explained what they had been talking about and doing.

Petra asked, "So were the kisses different?"

"All I can say," Andrea said, "is that by comparison I have never been fully kissed before. And that is not to diminish Jay's kisses at all."

"And to do this all I need do is create the new paradigm in my mind and focus on the kiss?" Tom asked.

There were nods. Tom took Petra in his arms and she put her arms around him. They kissed. It lasted a long time. A few seconds after it began Andrea moved over to Jay and kissed him. Alex and Roseanne kissed as well. When the kisses ended Jerry, Jenny, and Harvey were standing with them in the chest deep water.

Jerry spoke, "Something tells me that there has been a discussion about kissing."

Petra responded, "Yes, there has, and I want more kissing!" 

"We have been in the pool a long time and it is starting to cool off outside. I think the discussion can continue out where we can be dry." Jerry said.

"I may never be dry again!" Petra said. 

They all laughed a little and moved to the shallow end and out of the water. When Tom was on the top step and Petra was standing on the decking she put her arms around his shoulders and said, "I like being the same height as you." Then she kissed him. When the kiss ended only his feet were wet and she was dry all over, except between her legs.

When they were out of the water Jerry asked about the discussion, and was given the shortened version of what had been said and done. He turned to Andrea and Jay and asked them to tell him about their kissing experience.

Andrea spoke first. 

"When I kissed Alex I focused on the feel of his lips, at first. Then I thought about kissing God, and being really connected. I thought about the cells of me blending with the cells of Alex and I could feel it."

Jay spoke, "I thought about the energy of my atoms and the energy of Roseanne's atoms blending, merging, and I could feel it happening. Then, when I kissed Andrea it happened even faster and it was like every atom of me became an atom of her."

"If you have this conversation outside the family, people will think you are nuts. I don't know if what you felt is exactly what happened, but everyone I've talked to in the family who has done what you did have described it pretty much as you have." Jerry said.

Jenny nodded. "The first time Jerry kissed me in Lincoln I thought I would disappear. It was unlike any kiss I had ever had before. I melted into him until it felt like there wasn't a him and a me there was only us."

"What does this mean?" Jay asked.

"I think it means that when you finally know who you're kissing the nature of kissing changes and becomes more powerful." Andrea said.

"More connected." Tom said.

"More a part of the Oneness." Roseanne said.

"Well, speaking as the odd man in the group I can only say, I want some of that." Harvey said. 

He was smiling and standing a couple feet away from the couples. Roseanne took two steps to Harvey and wrapped herself around him and kissed him. It seemed to give everyone an idea that was followed by more kisses.  "I think I could live off kisses like that for the rest of my life but I believe that Tom is getting hungry again." Petra said without breaking the embrace. 

Tom verified that when he wasn't kissing he was indeed starting to get hungry. The embraces all ended and as a group they moved to the kitchen and made dinner together. It was not the lavish bar-b-que of the night before but it provided them with fuel they needed. When they had the table loaded with food they sat down and ate. As the first forkful was lifted Andrea turned to Jerry and said, "Thank you." He turned to Andrea and said, "Thank you." Andrea turned to Jay and said, "Thank you." And so it went until each had said "Thank you" to each of the others sitting at the table.

Half way thru his salad Tom looked up and said, "If kissing is changed by knowing who we're kissing, what about sex?" 

Everyone stopped eating and looked at Tom. A few seconds passed in silence and then Jay began eating again, but faster. Everyone laughed. He did too, but he kept eating quickly.

When he was done he stood up, took his plate and glass back into the kitchen and came back to the table. As soon as Andrea lifted the last bite off her plate it was gone, headed for the kitchen. Andrea blushed a little and said, "I think we have after dinner plans."

"He's not the only one," Tom said. 

He stood, showing an empty plate then heading for the kitchen.

"Ladies, I think we had best finish up." Roseanne said. They each bent a bit closer to their plates and did just that. When the plates were all washed, dried and put away Jay put his arm around Andrea and stopped. He looked around at everyone.

"I don't know where our bed is." He said. 

Everyone laughed.

Roseanne spoke up. "Earlier today I changed the linens on the bed Alex and I used last night. That bed is now yours for tonight. Harvey, you will be in the house with us, if that is OK with you." 

It was and everyone else went off toward the bunk house.

When they stepped inside the bunk house Jay looked at the four beds and saw that two were unmade and two were neat and proper. He decided that the neat one between the two unmade beds was an invitation to Andrea and he to see if they could do something to make the bed looked used. With his arm still around Andrea he walked to the foot of the bed and took her in his arms. They stood kissing for some time. As the others entered the bunk house they went to their respective beds and began kissing as well. Outside it was now fully dark and the sky was filled with stars, a quarter moon, and a satellite or two. No one looked out the windows and no one noticed the stars or anything else.

After a few long, slow kisses Andrea sat on the edge of the bed and slowly leaned back. As she did so she positioned Jay between her legs. She was as wet as she had ever been. He leaned over her and the tip of his penis touched her slit. She assisted it into her opening and in an ever-so-slow thrust he entered her. They both focused on who they were joining, who they were melting into. They felt every tissue of their partner as they slid against each other. When Jay was fully inside Andrea he held still. He savored the feel of her, and realized that she never felt this way to him before. 

She was aware that she had never felt so full before. His fit was perfect. She knew that God was loving her. Love and Life were inside her. She relaxed and meditated on the feelings she was having.

When Jay began to pull back Andrea felt a suction between her cervix and his penis. As he pulled back it felt as though her insides wanted to go with him. It felt so good! She felt another wave of lubrication flowing in her vagina. She felt heat at their connection. Jay felt it too.

Ever so slowly Jay and Andrea melted into each other. They did not hurry. The normal feeling of rushing toward an orgasm was not there. They both felt their orgasms building, and they each savored the feelings but they did not hurry, until the last few moments. Andrea felt Jay's body tensing and felt the stronger pulse in his penis. Had she been thinking she would have recognized those signals as he was about to have an orgasm. She was not thinking. She was just present to the feelings that were there for her. At the bottom of the next stroke she felt him again pressing his pubic bone against hers, putting pressure on her clitoris, and taking her another step closer to her orgasm. He pulled back about an inch and pressed forward again. When he pressed against her clitoris this time she went over the edge, and so did he. The spasms of their combined orgasms shook their bodies and suddenly they both felt what the other was feeling along with what they were already feeling. Jay nearly fainted the feelings were so overwhelming. Andrea let out a long, deep moan and then said, "Oh yes God! Yes God!" in Jay's ear. After a time laying together still connected Andrea opened her eyes and looked at Jay. He was looking at her and a tear was on his cheek. They did not speak.
