 This is a different kind of story, one that I have not attempted before. I would welcome feedback on it. I suspect that it might be too rambling for some but we all like different things and variety is not a bad thing. Any suggestions for future stories would be welcomed. My personal favourite theme is masturbation, but what the heck I'll try anything once!

* * * * *

Pharoah watched the sun as it dipped towards the far horizon. It had been a long hot day, one of many in a summer that had stretched on relentlessly. He was sitting in the Royal Barge, watching the Nile slide past beneath the boat and reflecting that yet another year of his reign had passed smoothly by. He was a good Pharoah, no, he considered himself to be the best Pharoah. He wasn't diverted by the foreign wars that had scarred his forebears, and he enjoyed the warmth and company of a beautiful Queen who had pleasured him for nearly 15 glorious years. But it was this same Queen that was now the cause of his greatest worries. 

The Queen was ageing. Not dramatically, not visibly on a day to day basis, but over the years her youthful splendour had given way to a maturity that spoke of the coming of her passage to the afterlife. She had become morose, even a danger to herself. The constant attention of the best servants in Egypt had only partially hidden the signs of the years. And it was at this time of year, the annual pilgrimage down the Nile to the Temple of Youth that the Queen suffered the most.

Pharoah sat back in his chair and watched the fertile lands bordering the Nile slip by. The fervent green of the pastures was backed by the stark rugged gold of the sand and the desert. It was the water of the Nile that gave life to the crops, that and the seeds from whence they came, and Pharoah sat and wondered and thought. The inspiration came upon him with a flash, it must have been a gift to him from the gods. There was no time to lose.

On arrival at the temple there were the usual courtesies, but as soon as possible he called the High Priests to him for a meeting. As he outlined his idea they nodded wisely. They had learnt that Pharoah had ideas that were always from the gods, to dispute them was foolish and dangerous. Better to abide by his wishes and watch another sunrise that object and meet an untimely end.

By morning messengers had been dispatched to the corners of the kingdom. Ten slave colonies had been chosen and from each 100 perfect slaves were needed. A priest and physician went with each messenger. Possible choice slaves were bathed and clothed in loose shawls. The physician used his knowledge of form and size to make sure that the men with perfect proportions were chosen. The slaves were fit, used to hard manual labour and the physicians were spoilt for choice. In groups of 5 they were prepared for selection by the women. 

To be chosen would be an honour with the promise of reward. Before they entered the room the women removed the shawls and took hold of their penises. With gentle encouragement they began to masturbate the men, watching in awe as they grew in size. Heavy foreskins were stretched back over swollen glans and the hands moved quicker until, fully hard, the men stood sweating and straining in front of them. Thus prepared the priest received them and inspected them. By now each had met the physical perfection, and the priests looked for straightness of erection and length and girth of penis. Pharoah was specific. He wanted 1000 slaves with strong bodies and magnificent dicks for his task.

The chosen slaves were quickly moved to the Temple of Youth. The ceremony was 10 days away and every one of them had to be prepared for it. Every day the slaves went through the same ritual. Woken at 5 am by the Temple handmaidens they were quickly wanked to fulfillment over a sacred pit. In groups of 10 they surrounded the arena, and from behind the girls wrapped oiled hands around swollen dicks and rapidly yanked back and forth until foreskins were reddened and large white globules rained down into the chasm beneath. There was no time for wasting, each girl had to attend to 100 men. By the end of the task their hands were sore and splattered with cum. Many then retired to their chambers, exhausted and desperate to expel their own cum in an orgy of self masturbation.

The slaves spent the day washing and being masturbated. Each man had to come 3 times a day, and the priests were extremely strict. That was until 2 days before the ceremony. On that day the girls never arrived to wank the men, and they sat waiting until a priest arrived. He explained that for the next 2 days there would be no masturbation. Male priests arrived with whips. Any man caught touching his dick would be punished, they must wait. The days passed slowly. The men were sore, swollen testicles were straining as their bodies, trained to produce copious amounts of semen, wondered how to deal with it. Some men started to have mini ejaculations for no reason and their urine turned opaque as the body tried to expel surplus cum.

The day of the ceremony was grand. Pharoah called his Queen early and told her that a special rejuvenation ceremony would take place. The royal bath was filled with asses milk and the Queen entered it, surrounded by priests and the Temple maidens. Pharoah retired outside where the ranks of slaves stood, washed, oiled and naked. He strode up and down, picking men at random until 10 selected men stood to one side. On command the remainder formed ranks of 10 and the Temple maidens took the first 10 into the bathing room. 

The Queen was amazed to see 10 strikingly handsome men stand, naked, around the bath. The High Priest then said that the source of life and youth was seed. The men were then commanded to "Produce the seed". In unison the 10 men started to masturbate. The Queen moved closer, hands were rhythmically pumping the dicks and the foreskins were a blur until one after the other they came, filling the bath with seed. The spent men were moved away and 10 more took their place. The room began to fill with the smell of sweating men and cum. The bath surface was roughened by floating cum that clung to the Queen and ran off her body as she moved. Row after row of men emptied their cum into the bath and the Queen submerged herself only to emerge with the cum running in her hair and caking her face.

When all the men had cum, she was helped from the bath and moved into the Temple where a reed mattress was on the floor. Pharoah tied a blindfold over her eyes, this was not for her to see or enjoy. The 10 chosen slaves, 5 black and 5 white were led in, wearing blindfolds. They were to have no knowledge either. With the Queen laid on the mattress the first slave was led to her and made to kneel in front of her open legs. Roughly pushed down he caught her musky scent and in a single thrust sank his hard dick all the way up to its hilt in her cunt. 

She moaned softly and he moved it back and forward. He was powerfully built with a thick dick that was stretching her to ecstatic levels. He came and was pulled away, only for the next to take his place. The room was filled with the smell of sweat and cum. The only sounds were the exertions of the slave, the soft moans of the Queen and the sound to a saturated cunt being pounded again and again by a hard dick. After the 5th slave there was cum leaking all over the mattress, but still it kept cumming. With all 10 slaves spent, the room was emptied and the Queen was taken to the bath where she bathed and was lain in her bed to sleep.

The next morning the Queen was cleaned of the dried cum and taken to Pharoah. He asked if she felt younger, to which she replied that she had tasted the wonder of eternal youth. He smiled and in a single bound, placed his dick in her mouth. To finish he said, take the juice of a living god, and eagerly she supped.