 This is my first venture into this area, I hope you'll read my story with a kind eye, comment constructively and be sure to vote - thanks friends.

*****

It was nice to be on the road again. I've been stuck in the office developing and testing new code to make sure our new HIPPA compliant patient management system worked perfectly; and it does. We are the state of the art guys, we set the standard; at least for now. Something new would come along, it always does, but for now we are the shiny new guys, darlings of the tech set today. It felt very nice to know that for the foreseeable future we were going to make the cash register sing. 

Life was good and I was in Phoenix to do a series of breakout sessions on HIPPA compliant computer systems for a few hundred Association Nurses longing to be educated. If I do a good job they would leave here knowing that Jack & Jill Systems is the best in the business. Ding, ding, ding make the cash register sing... and if everything goes well, I might just fall into the arms of an amorous nurse or two; such are the burdens I face this week.

I am parked in the lobby of this nice Courtyard Hotel because I am early, a lifelong habit. I hate to be late; I hate to rush, so I am always early if there is any way on earth to be early. This habit of mine drives my partner, Jill Summers, right out of her mind and that is why we almost never go anywhere together. Jill loves to make an entrance and she should. She looks like every tall, willowy blond woman wants to look, legs from here to tomorrow, hourglass figure with a face that belongs on the masthead of ships. In short, Jill is a babe, a very, very, very smart babe and she knows it right down to the floor. Me, not so much, I'm OK, trim, tall, just over 6 foot and clean, but still my most redeeming feature is that I am computer geek smart, even smarter that Miss Jill who is damn smart.

That's why we are together, Jack & Jill Systems, we be really smart and really good at what we do. Otherwise we live in different worlds. I prefer my 1926 beach house in the hills overlooking Capitola Beach. I'm a good hour and half from the office in San Francisco, but I don't need to be there that much, the World Wide Web is a great highway for computer geeks like me. Jill prefers her condo in the city a few blocks from the office and all of the high-end stuff of the city... opera, ballet, galleries, fine dining restaurants and the like. Me, I'm happy with a short walk to the beach, a shrimp burger or fish tacos and a beer.

As different as we are, we work very well together; in fact, we are amazing together. We tried sex and we are good there too, but she wants to wake up in her condo and I want to wake up in my house, she loves fine lingerie while I prefer her buck naked. So, we struck a compromise, every now and again we get together and burn up the sheets for a few hours. Otherwise it's just work and making the cash register ring.

So here I sit waiting on my conference host who will escort me to a series of presentations over the next three days. Based on my email, my host will be a Mr. Ted Davis of the Association's administrative office. I am not impressed because as of right now he is a fat 7 minutes late, you'll remember I hate late, me or anyone else. Then I heard someone calling my name.

"Jack Carson; ah Mr. Carson, Jack Carson!"

Because of the number of people shuffling back and forth I decided to wave my arm and sit still; a wave or two later she stepped in front of me with a big smile. "Pissed yet Jack?"

Mary Ellen McCarty as I live and breathe, she stood there looking down on me all red hair and freckles in a very nice tailored pant suit and stylish flats. Well kiss my ass, Mary Ellen McCarty.

"Close your mouth Jack, you'll catch flies."

"What the hell..." I start to say. "Come on Jack, let's walk and talk, you'll be late to your first presentation and I know how you love to be late."

As I scrambled from my seat she spun on her heel and started off at a fast pace, her nice big butt jiggling with every step. Ok, to be fair her ass is not that big, nor is it the skinny little bubble butt so popular among the "Hot Set" these days. As I followed her I could picture that fine ass bent over in front of me as I plowed a furrow in her big wet pussy, we'd been at it for a while and we both were ready to explode when... Oh well, thank God for memories... 

Just then she stopped, turned to face me abruptly and said quietly, "Stop thinking about my ass Jack." 

I took her hands in mine and said, "It's been a long time Mary Ellen."

"This way Mr. Carson" and she moved away from me into the Magellan Conference Room, opened the door, stepped inside and held the door for me. The room was full, perhaps 100, maybe 150 people, I was very pleasantly surprised. As I followed her, she stepped behind the podium and began lightly tapping the microphone. "Good Morning everyone; let's get settled down, take your seats." 

After a few moments she said, "Thank you. This morning I want to briefly introduce Jack Carson of Jack and Jill Systems; it is said that they are the cutting edge in HIPPA Patient Management Systems software. Please give Mr. Carson a warm welcome."

With that she stepped out of the way and gestured for me to begin. Forty-five minutes later I finished to applause and smiles - ding, ding, ding make the cash register sing. After a brief restroom stop we were off to another breakout session, then lunch. 

"Are you hungry Jack?"

"This is all very cute Mary Ellen, but could we just have a normal conversation, please?"

"Hungry Jack?"

"You know perfectly well that I am always hungry at lunch, so let's eat."

With that she led us into a large venue seating a few hundred and to a fairly private table at the rear. Salad was already served, water and lemon in the glasses and at least 5 tables between us and anyone else, so I said "Thank you - would you care to tell me what's going on?"

"Oh it's really not complicated Jack, Ted Davis is sick. There was simply on one else to act as your escort and you are the hot ticket this year; well you and your software system at least."

"I guessed as much; but why are you pissed with me? After all you are the one who left. I woke up and you were gone - outa' there - in the wind - history as they say!"

She turned in her chair to face me, those big beautiful tits leading the way saying, "I just left before you could leave me Jack. You know you weren't going to stick around; I was just your handy sex toy. Any time you wanted to fuck, there I was legs spread, mouth open. So I left Jack. I beat you to it."

"Baby girl, that was 6, no it was 7 years ago. You never gave me a chance. We'd been together for nearly 3 years. I wake up with my dick in my hand and find a note on the bedside table that says, "There's no future for us, go on, live your life and I'll live mine... Mary Ellen""

"Eat your lunch Jack, we don't want to be late for your sessions this afternoon," she said.

I thought back to that Sunday morning in January seven years ago and remembered the ring that was safely nestled in my computer bag. It was my big plan to "pop the question" over breakfast and then give her the ring along with an open plane ticket from Seattle to Los Angeles so that when she finished school in the spring she could join me at my new job. I remember sitting on the edge of the bed watching her little note piss all over my dreams for the two of us. 

When I popped out of my reverie I'd managed to eat my way through the salad, the rubber chicken, the green beans and the fruit dessert - I've always been a good eater. Mary Ellen was looking at me with a faraway look in her eyes, then she said, "Come on let's take a walk before your next session."

As we walked around the Convention Center I tucked my hands in my pockets and thought back to when I'd first seen her at the University. Back then she stood barely 5 feet 4 inches tall in her New Balance athletic shoes, no more than 5'3" barefooted. A mass of beautiful red hair framing her sweet Irish face, her figure masked by sweat shirt and pants but it was clear that she had really nice big tits, 34 D's I would learn topped off by big red nipples and a spray of freckles. In those days she was on the plump side, not obese or anything like that but she had the full complement of freshman weight gain. I though she looked spectacular.

I was very awkward with women and frequently tongue tied so I just kept quiet when I sat beside her in Art History; it turned out to be an elective for both of us. After a couple of weeks of smiling and nodding next to her I screwed up the courage to ask her to the movies. She was kind enough to say "Yes" and that was the start of a beautiful relationship. I can still feel her slipping my hard cock out of my pants in the theater and the awesome sensation of her tiny hand on me. Over the next 3 years we had absolutely amazing sex, we learned to do everything together and as it turned out, we both loved everything.

"Jack, take your hands out of your pockets; good God you haven't changed at all."

I laughed saying, "Nope still the hick, no matter how nice the suit. We still should talk; perhaps a drink or coffee after this session - what do you say?"

She looked at me curiously, sighed a little and said, "Sure, why not."

If it's possible, the last technical session of the day went even better than the first and even though there had only be three sessions, no more than 4 and a half hours of work, I was pooped and really ready for a drink. As I left the session Mary Ellen met me at the door and together we walked to the Convention Center Bar and Lounge. A very pretty waitress greeted us and was kind enough to look at me with interest; I ordered a Rum and Coke in a tall glass and Mary Ellen a vodka sour.

"Jesus Jack, are you working the waitress now?"

"God Dammit Mary Ellen cut this shit out. You're the one who left; you're the one who quit on us not me. All I did was wake up alone - so stop being pissed at me."

As she sat next to me I saw a tear well up in her eye and she looked away quickly. Just then our drinks arrived along with a nice bowl of complimentary salty snacks designed to keep us drinking... I fished out a peanut and turned to her saying, "Hey Peanut Girl, here's one for you."

"Fuck you Jack" she said softly.

Peanut Girl was a name I gave her years ago after spending an afternoon face first between her legs. Her clit is just about the size of a large peanut, it's a big red clit, lots of fun to suck on as she bucks and hollers and talks to God on your behalf. 

"Hey, Peanut Girl - look at me."

She turned to me wiping a tear from her eyes and picked up her drink. She looked directly at me as she drained her vodka sour and then gently sat the empty glass down. 

"What now?"

"Little girl... you need to forgive both of us for our past decisions. You made a bad choice based on faulty information; when I found your note I was so pissed off that I threw it in the trash and thought, "Fuck you bitch, you want to be gone, be gone!" but time has shown me that was a poor choice. I should have come after you."

"Really Jack? I always thought that I was your second choice. Shit, I was easy - way easy - you could do anything with me, I was so crazy about you. I would do anything you wanted, anything, there were no limits, but I knew I was always the default girl, second choice." Her voice was soft and sad.

I took her hands in mine and for the first time realized how she felt. I could not imagine why... "Look we were together for nearly 3 years. We went everywhere together. What did I ever do to make you feel this way... I'm stunned to learn you felt that way."

I waved the waitress over and quickly signed the bill and then took Mary Ellen by the hand and lead her to the elevators. She looked at me questioningly and I asked "Do you trust me?" She nodded silently; we took the elevator to the 18th floor and walked briskly to Room 1897. With a quick stab of my electronic room key we were in my Suite. I walked her to the small sofa in the sitting area.

"Would you like a drink?"

"Yes, vodka rocks, please."

I invaded the little refrigerator and liberated four small bottles of vodka, filled two glasses with ice and filled each glass with two bottles each. I figured what the heck; we might as well have something that might last. As I handed her the drink she said in a very soft voice, "What do you want from me?"

"Several things I guess... first, what do you think of me now?"

"I've never stopped thinking of you Jack. You're still very much in my heart."

"I feel very much the same, you are my one lasting regret, I greatly regret not coming after you."

"So why are we here Jack; what do you want to do?"

"Right now I want to drink this drink and then I want to take you to bed. How do you feel about that?"

As I nervously sipped my drink, Mary Ellen seemed to study me carefully for a long time or perhaps it just seemed like a long time, then she said softly, "Fuck it!" She drained her drink, stood up and turned to me saying, "Where's the bed?"

I sat my empty glass down carefully and said quietly, "Are you sure?"

In a whisper she said, "Don't push your luck Jack, take me to bed!"

I took her hand and lead us into the bedroom where she walked over to a small side chair, slipped her shoes off, and then began to disrobe, carefully folding each article of clothing, laying each on the chair seat. I watched her body begin to appear with fascination, almost as though it was the very first time. Her skin remained sleek, smooth and very white with a sprinkling of freckles here and there.

She was wearing very stylish sky blue panties, no thong for this girl, still very pretty with a dash of lace and matching bra. She stood with her back to me she left her bra in place and slipped her panties down revealing her large but toned bottom so familiar yet new. The crack of her butt gaped open a bit as she bent over to pick up her panties and her peach pink pussy peered out at me. It seemed to be slightly wet.

She turned around and looked at me saying, "Have you become an observer rather than a participant?"

"No Ma'am, I'm just admiring how really beautiful you are."

"Hah... still a smooth talker."

"I see that you're still running against fashion." Her pussy was on full display and sporting a full head of curly red pubic hair, somewhat sparse and feather soft with proud labial lips, her large clitoris jutting out in plain view; it was a sight to see.

She laughed a quiet, but real laugh saying, "You always told me you like my puss with a nice head of hair, so I've let it grow wild in your honor. How about my tits, you still like them?"

"I think I'd like them a bit more if you'd set'um free."

She smiled that real smile at me and unhooked her bra in the middle, slipping it off her shoulders and dropping it onto the chair seat. They were just as I remembered, big round white breasts standing tall and proud with amazing deep red areoles a good three inches across featuring pencil eraser sized nipples hard and firm... simply amazing.

She slid her hands up her body from her hips across her stomach and up under her breasts cupping them and shook them back and forth just a little, then pinched each nipple between her fingers, pulling her tits up and away from her body and shook them again harder. It was then that I realized I'd stopped breathing and took a deep breath.

She giggled like a little girl and said, "Yup, you still like my tits!"

She walked across the bedroom to me, placed her hands on my chest and gently pushed me back and away from the bed. Next she grabbed a hold of the comforter and top sheet ripping them off the bed onto the floor. Walking along the side of the bed she straightened the pillows and sat on the bed, scooted to the middle of the mattress and reclined on the pillows. I seemed rooted to the floor until she spread her legs slightly allowing her fingers to gently manipulate her pussy lips.

She said clearly but softly, "Jack, don't make me fuck myself. Get your clothes off and get over here!"

Her words broke the trance and I tore my clothes off tossing them to the side of the room, when I finally freed my stony hard cock, she laughed, "Nice to see you've still got a big cock and it's good and hard."

My cock is not so big, not really. Whatever I have is due to the genetic gifts my parents made. Except for trying to kill myself by jacking off incessantly as a teenager, I am a very average guy. Well sort of, my dick is a nice 7" long with a big head which is pretty dang good in my world; the interesting thing is that my mother's side of the family gave me thickness. My dick is almost 2" across, nearly 6" around; I do have a thick dick. I know it was mom's side of the family because I saw Uncle Mike's cock, her brother, at the YMCA in Kansas City when I was a kid, and it's almost identical to mine, not as long but equally thick.

"Jack, stop waving you dick at me and get over here."

That did it, I jumped on the bed and knee walked to her, as I leaned in to kiss her she reached down and grabbed my cock saying, "Kiss me later, get your cock inside me right now."

Fair enough, I rubbed my cockhead along her pussy lips for a few moments adding natural lubricant and then I began working it into her. She was super tight; even with all our history, I remembered that it took quite a while to loosen her pussy, until then it remained super tight. I worked my cockhead in and out, gently opening her vaginal vault so that she could accept my thickness - it took a couple of minutes but soon enough I was balls deep with my pelvic bone pressed firmly against hers.

Her body heat was scorching, her fluids were running freely adding lots of lubricant and I was soon slamming my cock into her, shaking her body with each impact. The sensation was extraordinary the sleeve of her vagina was gripping me with a fever. My cock seemed to be on fire as the cum welled up from my balls and flew into her. I came 3 or 4 times, hot steaming cum... up to this point she'd been relatively quiet but when I bucked into to her firing cum, her legs clamped around my body and her hands gripped my upper arms pulling me forward as she grunted and moaned loudly over and over.

As she held me in place she quieted... after a few moments I moved to lie at her side as my soft cock plopped out. She smiled at me and asked, "You're not done, are you?"

"No, just taking a break."

"That first one was for you; now I want some of that old time fuckin' we used to do - are you up for it Jack?"

I laughed and said, "Well, you know I'm getting older now."

She began to run her hands over my chest and down to my cock where she lightly gripped my sticky dick and fondled my balls. She sat up, her breasts looming above me, then trailed her nipples over my face to my lips. Using my hands and lips I caressed her breasts and began to suckle those sweet nipples, first one then the other. Very soon I could hear her breathing quicken with intermittent sighs as I sucked, nibbled and tongued her nipples. Her hands continued to rub my chest and her fingers pinched and twisted my nipples causing small shockwaves - as she pinched my nipples I bit hers with equal pressure. Suddenly, she turned facing away from me and moved over me her crotch straddling my face, her tits pressing into my legs, her mouth engulfed my cock from tip to balls with powerful suction, her tongue laving my cock from top to bottom.

I quickly pulled her swollen red pussy into my mouth licking and sucking from top to bottom, her juices flowing into my mouth as I licked and swallowed. Her tongue had me hard again, hard as stone... I was ready for a return trip and tossed her off me, rolled over and lifted her onto her hands and knees. She started laughing, "You always did love to doggy fuck me Jack. That first one was for you, make this one for me, rock me Jack!"
