 I could not shake that feeling that they had taken me to yet, because of either damn luck or maybe on purpose; they would not take me to that climax, that big one that I had felt building and building as they used me. They came several times, and I only had that one small climax. Needless to say, I felt that I had been cheated, not being able to achieve that climax that I had wanted and at the time felt that I needed so bad. I was glad that Sandy and Terry did not want to talk in the van; I had to sort this all out in my mind before I could say, “I do” to Peter. I kept wondering what that climax would have felt like and if Peter would be able to make me feel that way tonight on our honeymoon. Thinking about it again, I was not happy that I had to settle for my own manipulation of myself with my fingers just to get myself off. Yes, it worked (as it always does), and I did climax, but it was far from being the climax that I thought I was getting ready to have and that I knew that my mind and body honestly craved. 

I was so fucking keyed up going over this in my mind over and over again on the way to the church that I felt myself fighting my own feelings, then on top of all that, knowing and feeling so damn wet between my legs did not help a bit. I’m no different that any other girl or bride, I thought of sex, but before right now it had always been with and about my boyfriend or, in this case, my husband-to-be. I really never dwelled on it like boys did; I had my moments, but today, right here, right now, my mind kept visualizing Terry and Charlie fucking me and how much I enjoyed sucking them off. When I admitted to myself that I had enjoyed sucking them off, I felt a shiver run through me as I guess I finally realized my honest feelings. Now, to top that off, I could feel and visualizes Terry’s and Charlie’s sperm slowly oozing out of me, which then made me hope that I did not stain my wedding dress. Oh no, thinking about all this was making my head spin and I am ashamed to admit it, was making me think of sex in ways that I had never thought of in the past. I could clearly smell my own breath and I could smell the sperm on it. I could only hope everyone else would not realize what that odor was and they would just think that it was bad breath. I thought it was a small price to pay to get those pictures from Terry. I also realized that I sort of had to keep kissing his ass (so to speak) until I had my hands on that envelope again. I found myself now fighting to keep my mind on Peter and my wedding day.

When we arrived at the church, the large parking lot was being filled. My father had hired valet service and there were these men hopping into a car as soon as it pulled up and emptied. They looked real classy, dressed in black pants, white shirts and red vests. It looked like Daddy hired a little army. Because I was wearing my wedding dress, I did not wish to be seen just yet, so we drove around to the back and parked. We had to walk through the courtyard to get the bride’s dressing room. As we walked up to it, I was seeing it for the first time from the courtyard, I saw that the sliding glass door and picture windows from the outside. They looked like a big mirror, I said to Sandy, “Is that the bride’s dressing room? It’s a good thing I got dressed before we got here!” Sandy said, “Yes, it is, but don’t worry. You could have run around in there naked and no one could see inside.” When we got to the church, Terry brought his camera and stuff into the bride’s room where he set two cameras up in the back in the corners out of the way. Once he started them, he told us they would record the preparation and that we better not say anything that we did not want recorded. He told us that he could edit some things out, but to be safe remind the other girls about it also. He then told us he had to run back to the studio for a few minutes but he would be back before I had to walk down the aisle because he had to film that also.

The bride’s room was set up rather nice; it was a big room with two couches, hassocks, three tables and four straight-back chairs, as well as some lounge chairs. It had everything that a waiting bride could want or need -- including a TV and VCR to help pass the time. There wasn’t much for us to do since I was already dressed, Sandy did fix my hair again; I knew I should have put more hairspray on it, but Peter likes my hair this way (long and soft). Sandy told me I don’t know how many times that she didn’t understand how I could manage to get my hair all messed up in less than an hour. I wondered what she would have said if I told her that her brother had just raped me in his room. Well, it was rape, you know. I sure as hell did not want him or his friend to fuck me. The more I thought about it, I knew that it was a rape. Terry fucking took me against my will. Maybe I should call the police and make a report?

Sandy and the rest of my bridesmaids kept coming and going as I sat there lost in my thoughts sitting in on the couch with my feet up on one of the hassocks in front of the TV. Terry got back rather quickly and when he came into the room to set his cameras up, he handed me the envelope that he had promised. He whispered in my ear, “I trust you to keep your promise. All the pictures are here, including the ones I took an hour ago. No tricks; they are all yours. Peter will never see them unless, of course, you decide to show them to him.” He kissed me on the cheek and walked out. I looked at the clock and I still had 38 minutes to sit and wait. Sandy was popping in and out; the rest of the girls were doing the same. My parents came in and left, every one could tell that I was deep in thought. I am sure they thought it was the wedding and not what I was really thinking about. Peter’s parents came in, his mother could see I was thinking and she asked me if I was all right and I said yes, however she seemed to know something was wrong. 

I was glad when she asked everyone to leave so we could talk a moment. Once the room cleared she sat down and asked, “Honey, you aren’t having second thoughts, are you?” Her question hit me hard. I was not even thinking about the wedding, I was so wrapped up in my mixed-up mind that Peter and the wedding just did not seem to rate what I was thinking about. I know that sounds crazy but now you can see just how screwed up my mind is. I told her, “Oh, no, I just need to be alone a bit. I’m fine. This is just a very big day and I am trying to just it all in. Could you ask everyone to leave me alone? I’ll come out when I am ready.” Mrs. Casey said, “You take your time, dear. Don’t worry about starting on time, in fact, it is customary for the bride to make everyone wait a bit, so you come out when you are ready.” 

Peter’s mother went to the door and before she opened it she said, “Honey, the door has a lock on it. Would you like me to lock it so you can be alone, dear?” I turned, looked at her and said, “Yes, please. I won’t be long. Tell my dad it will be a little bit yet.” Mrs. Casey said, “Sure, take your time and don’t come out of here until you are ready.” She opened the door and the long hall was full of my bridesmaids and friends. Mrs. Casey locked and shut the door.

Almost instantly I heard a tapping on the sliding glass door behind me, I could see that Terry standing there holding a briefcase. I motioned for him to go away, but he kept tapping. I finally got up, unlocked the slider and said, “I want to be alone right now. Haven’t you done enough damage to me today? Can’t you just leave me alone?” 

Terry pushed the slider open and stepped inside. Without a word he walked over to the VCR, opened his briefcase and pulled out a videotape, putting it in the VCR. He then said, “Come over here and watch this.” I did not move. I stood there puzzled why he thought he could just come in and tell me what to do. I did not move. He said, “Fine, then, watch from over there but if you know what is good for you, bitch, you’ll watch this fucking video that we both made or your new fucking husband is going to know what kind of a fucking slut that you are and he is marrying.” He pushed play and after a moment the TV began to show what was on his important videotape. I saw him standing (or sitting) in front of the camera and he began speak into the camera; I had a sick feeling in my stomach as he began.

He looked straight into the lens and said, “Before think that there is a way out of this, Tracy baby, let me say that there is not. You may be getting married to Peter, but from this day forward you fucking belong to me -- heart, body and soul. What you are about to see right now is an edited version of your little gang-bang less than an hour ago before we left for the church. Right now I have the master videotape and three copies made. If you do not do as you are told, trust me, Peter gets the first copy, your parents get the second one and, of course, Peter's folks get the last copy. From this moment you can never, and I mean never, say no to anything that I fucking tell you to do. And most of all, when I tell you to fuck or suck, you better give me a great acting performance like you did today. Oh, I forgot, you weren’t acting, were you? You know what I fucking mean. Don’t even think that you have a fucking choice because you don’t. Now watch the biggest whore in town fucking and sucking two men an hour before she gets married. Oh, yes, my love, you are a fucking whore. You do know what a whore is, don’t you, Tracy? It is a woman that will fuck any man with a dick, and, oh yes, you are a whore all right, and you know why I know that? 

“You see, Tracy, from this moment on, you are my fucking whore; you are going to be fucking so many guys your cunt is going to be known by all the men in town as the town’s ‘cum dump.’ Yea, you heard that right baby, you are nothing more but a fucking cum dump.’ You know what that is, don’t you? Well, let me tell you, that is a place men dump their cum into. You, my dear, will be having cum placed in you in all three holes from now on from this day forward. Oh, don’t even think about trying to cancel the fucking wedding. If you do, I will still give everyone the video and your life will be ruined. Don’t even think of doing something stupid like killing yourself or I’ll get the video out for everyone in your family that you love or that loves you. You are mine, doll, and you do what the fuck I say, when I say it and you will show me that you fucking love doing whatever it is I have you do. Got that, bitch? Now watch the show.”

I looked at Terry with tears in my eyes and as I began to cry Terry said, ”What’s the matter, Tracy, did you lose your understanding of the fucking English language? Did you forget already? Get your ass over there, sit your naked ass down on the hassock and do what you’re fucking told.” I walked over in a daze, sobbing. I wanted to scream at him, but something told me not to. As I got to the hassock Terry said, “Knock that fucking crying off.” I lifted the back of my dress up and sat with my bare ass on the hassock.

The videotape went black and then it came back on again showing me as I was walking into Terry’s bedroom door. I watched as I slowly walked up to Terry and I looked into the mirror at him and said in a very sexy hot voice. “How would like your big cock sucked right now before we head over to the church just for old times sake, baby? What’s it been, Terry, two years?”

He said, “I don’t know, Tracy, I mean you’re getting married to Peter in a couple hours. You sure you want to get on your knees in your wedding dress and suck my big fat cock, Tracy? Hell, yes, I’m game if you are, hell, yeah, baby, come here and go for it.” I watched as I stood in front of him unbuckling his belt and undoing his pants. I slowly knelt down and as I did I pulled his trousers and underpants down. As his dick came into view I heard myself give a slight moan. 

He was half hard and he was big. I knelt there and I reached for his cock. I grabbed hold of it and with in a minute it was stiff and hard. I remembered what I thought at the time, that he was so fucking big, I had stopped my crying and I sat there sniffling as I watched. I felt mad, betrayed, hurt and a tiny bit excited watching myself like this. Remembering the mirrored glass and sliding door here at the bride’s room I realized that his closet doors must be like that, he had a camera set up behind the mirror and he videotaped everything. Then with his high-speed equipment that he always brags about he must have gone back and made the copies. I didn’t mean to but I leaned forward a little and I discovered that in doing so, my pussy that was still wet and oozing his and Charlie’s cum allowed it to move on the leather. In doing so, it sent an unwanted feeling of pleasure running through me. I heard myself moan again on the TV right before my lips stretched open and then closed around Terry’s cock. I began making love to his cock, my eyes were closed and my face while full of his cock. It clearly showed anyone that would see this video that I really loved what I was doing to Terry. No one would ever believe that I had been forced to do it and that I was only acting out the part as Terry made me.

I watched as Terry put his hands on top of my veil and he began fucking my mouth. I watched his hips moved back and forth as he was fucking my face and I kept hearing myself moaning over and over with pleasure. I watched as I brought up my other hand and grabbed his cock so I had both of them holding his big dick and held on as he pounded into my face. I heard Terry say on the TV, “Slow down, Tracy, there ain’t no hurry. Don’t worry, honey, I’ll give you my cum, slow down, Trace.” I watched him pushing my head back and when he did manage to get my mouth off of him, I just held onto his dick stroking it and trying to get him off. Terry said it again to me as he finally pushed my mouth off of him, “Slow down, Tracy. I know you love sucking cock, but not so fast baby, hell, you don’t know what the other two things I want you to do yet honey.” 

I sat there on the hassock and I was shocked at what I was watching, I could see my own eyes on the video and my own lust clearly showed as I knelt there in front of him in his room on my knees stroking his big fat cock with both of my hands waiting to be told what else that he wanted me to do for him today before I took my wedding vows. I kept stroking his fat cock as I looked up at him and he was looking down at me. The video clearly showed that I was fighting to get his dick back into my mouth, that I was trying to pull him back to keep sucking him Then when I heard myself saying “Please, Terry, let me have it baby, come on, give it to me, come on, baby”

I don’t know why I was so surprised; I did not recall it happening that way at all. I looked back at it all in my mind and I still felt that I was forced to do what he wanted when the video clearly showed that I was the one to start the sex in his room and that it even looked as though I had done the forcing for sex. Terry looked like he was fighting me off.

Terry smiled and said, “God, Tracy, you are one hot horny fucking little cocksucker. I bet your little cunt is all wet right now. I bet you’re so fucking hot right now that your little panties are soaking wet. I want you to take them off and show them to me.” I watched as I stood up to reach under my full wedding dress and pulled my panties off. I stepped out of them and as I held them up to Terry I could clearly see on the TV that the crotch was wet; it clearly showed that they were soaked.

Terry brought my panties to his nose and took in a long smell of my wet crotch. He said, “Tracy, Tracy, you are so fucking wet right now I bet you are actually dripping onto the carpet. So the second thing I want you to do for me is, I do not want you to put any panties back on for the rest of the day, can you do that, my dear?” 

I heard my voice and I sounded way to eager to please Terry. I could hear the excitement in my voice I said, “Sure, OK, yeah, I can do that, that’s all you want is for me to be naked under my wedding dress. What else do you want me to do for you, Terry?” “Well, baby, it has been so long since I last had you I want to be the first person that you fuck today, I’m going to fuck you with my log before we leave for the church. Would you like that, Tracy?”

Again I heard myself as I moaned on the TV and I knelt back down in front of him and literally pulled his cock into my mouth as I began to stroke him and suck him like a lollypop. Terry grabbed my head again and was holding me tight as he fucked my face again. I watched and I could tell that he was getting close to a climax even on the video. God, watching it happening all over again was getting to me. I just sat there and I can’t explain what I was feeling. I guess the best word would be “numb” yet watching myself was having an effect on me. I saw Terry’s bedroom door open and a young man came in talking.

“Terry, your sister said to tell … What the fuck, Oh man, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to just bust in like this, I mean your sister said you were up here talking and I was to tell you she had to run to Wal-Mart and if she did not get back in 45 minutes you were to take the bride to the church and she would meet you both there.”

I watched as he talked and I was surprised to see that I did not struggle to pull away from Terry as I thought I had tried to do, or thought that I had. I watched as Terry kept ramming in and out my mouth as I held on tight to his dick. I had thought that he held me tight against himself by holding the back of my head and that he forced me to keep sucking him. I thought that he put both of his hands behind my head and held me tight so I could not get away and stop sucking his cock. Yet here it was, right in front of my eyes that it did not happen like that at all. I was amazed at my reaction; the video clearly showed that it was all in my mind. Terry had actually just placed his fingers on the top of my head. It looked more like he was holding on so I did not knock him over; his fingertips were just touching the top of my head. Terry said to the young man that walked in, “Come in here, Charlie. How would you like a blowjob, Tracy here loves sucking guys hard cocks, shit, she is the hottest cocksucker in town. This bitch has a mouth that love the taste of cum. and is hotter than a fucking firecracker.” I then heard myself moan loud on the TV and I moaned right after that, as he talked to his friend Charlie, then I heard him say to him on the TV, “I bet if you ask her, she would tell you just how much she would love to suck you dick, now wouldn’t you, Tracy?” I never stopped sucking Terry I just stroked him and made my sexy moaning sounds, he then said, “Tell you what, Tracy, lets do this, lets have a cocksucking contest and see who you can get off first. The loser fucks you in your ass. How’s that sound to you, Charlie? Want to have a cocksucking contest, the first one to come loses and the winner fucks Tracy here in her ass?” Charlie said, “Fuck, yeah, lets do it,” as he closed the door and walked up to us undoing his pants and dropping them showing me his hard-on. I watched myself pull back from Terry’s cock and I said, “Yeah, lets do it.” I then turned my head back to Terry and went after him like a woman possessed. Terry told Charlie to move a little so they both could watch me work through the mirror. I now understood why he said that because it was obvious he had a camera filming us through the mirror. 

Terry told Charlie to get behind me and pull my ass up and to finger-fuck me. I heard that and I looked at myself looking into the mirror. I watched on the TV as Charlie lifted the back of my full wedding dress and placed it on the small of my back I could see my white stockings and my white flower garters that I was to throw at the reception. I watched as he brought his hand up between my legs and his fingers touched me. I could almost feel his fingers again as I watched him finger-fucking me
