 My wife and I had taken the weekend for ourselves and gone on a long canoe ride down a secluded river. The outfitter dropped us off up river and we settled in to an easy three hour trip. We paddled most of the day without seeing many people -- just the occasional fisherman and a few other couples. We packed great food and a copious rose and prosecco, so by the time we reached the end of the paddle we were fairly inebriated. 

Along the trip, we talked about family and eventually sexual fantasies. After paddling most of the day on the river, we came to the designated landing area where we to be picked up and returned to our car via a van. The spot was a grassy area beneath a bar with a large deck and reputation for pretty wild parties.

While pulling the canoe ashore and placing it in the rack, we noticed the partiers both on the deck and down in the sand volleyball courts below. More than a few turned to observe my petite, short haired wife in her one piece bathing suit - it was a party in full swing and it appeared to be getting rowdy.

After racking the canoe we walked up towards the crowd on the deck. As soon as we set foot on the deck, the crowd started forming around her. Clearly we were the "fresh meat" for a party that had been going on for hours. I was pushed away. I could see how she was starting to get groped. Someone pulled the left strap of her bathing suit down, revealing her left tiny boob. It was quickly covered by a hand that started pinching her nipple and cupping her breast.

Soon after the other strap was pulled down and her bathing suit was around her stomach. I saw two arms reach around and cup both of her breasts at the same time.

A guy in his 30's knelt down behind her and reached up to pull her whole bathing suit off. He got it down to her knees and she started to move her legs so she wouldn't totally revealed to the entire group of partiers on the deck, but he yanked the suit down to her feet and she was then completely naked.

The guy on his knees who pulled her suit down and off then grabbed her hips buried his face in her butt, trying to lick as deeply as he could into her crack.

Hands were all over her front -- feeling her boobs and belly as her arms were raised above her head. Fingers were probing in and around her shaved little pussy.

"Taker her to the barn!" a female voice called out.

Looking towards the river from up on the deck, there was a large yard with the volley ball courts to the right along with the canoe racks from which we came.

To the left there was a wooden structure that looked like a barn. There were a decent number of people standing around facing the wall that faced the river. I couldn't see what was happening, but it seemed like there were two loosely-formed lines of three or four each guys and a couple women.

We looked at each other with butterflies in our stomachs, not know what to expect, but curious.

"Just do it, Hon, you're going to love it!" yelled another woman from the crowd on the deck.

With the crowd jostling us, we were half propelled by them and half by our own curiosity. We descended the wood stairs to the yard and started walking across the 50 yards or so to the "barn". A few from the deck followed close behind.

When we got to the structure, there was a wood door on the side closest to the deck and bar, opposite side with the group standing towards the river.

From behind we heard, "go on in. I think you'll figure it out!"

Tentatively, I opened the door. Inside there were three narrow wooden stalls in a row, each with a wooden door/gate and walls about 5 feet high. It was hot inside -- an un-air-conditioned wooden barn. We could hear two women moaning on the other side of the stalls.

I looked over the stall door closest to us. It was what I thought it might be. A naked blonde woman in her forties was alone and on her back on top of wooden platform about waist high. Her lower half extended out through a cutaway in the barn's far wall. All I could see was her naked body from the waist up. Her head was tilted to the side and her boobs were rocking back and forth. She was covered in sweat. Clearly someone was fucking her from the other side of the wall, but we couldn't see who, and neither could she, the small, body-sized cutaway in the wall was draped with a curtain.

This was the ultimate glory hole. The people we saw outside on the other side of the barn were waiting their turn to service her other half.

Peaking over the door of the next stall I saw much the same thing. Only this time it was a skinny brunette lying on a similar platform, but she was on her stomach with ass not visible and on the other side of a similar cutaway. She was on her elbows and I could see her small breasts also rhythmically moving as a result of whoever was on the other side of the wall. Her boyfriend or husband was standing next to her naked and she was sucking him off.

"What's going on in there?" my wife asked.

"Let's try this," I said.

We entered the last stall and we stared at each other. The day's booze and sex talk had made us both horny. She pulled down her one piece bathing suit and stepped out of it carefully. She is tiny and completely shaved.

"I can't believe I'm doing this!" she said with her arms cover her boobs.

She sat on the shelf and slowly started sliding her legs through the curtained opening. Soon her lower half from the waist down was through the partition and she was starting to lay back.

"They're grabbing my ankles," she said.

I could see her hips angle a bit upwards.

"They're spreading my legs and strapping my ankles to the wall," she said.

I leaned down and started kissing her and rubbing her boobs. She closed her eyes and I heard a little quick in-take of breath -- someone had penetrated her. Her body started rocking a bit and it was clear someone was fucking her. The pace was picking up and she was moaning a little. Beads of sweat were starting to form -- it was almost like a sauna in the barn. The thrusting from the other side of the wall picked up further and then stopped as she picked her hips up off the shelf -- he had just finished in her.

"Baby, are you going to be ok?" I asked.

"Yes, this is crazy, but so awesome," she said.

"OK, I need to see what's happening. I'll be back." I kissed her on the lips and then went out of our stall and into the hallway. Pushing on the exterior door, I was initially blinded by the bright sunlight. I went out and turned the corner and walked towards the outside wall where everyone was lining up or standing around.

The blonde from the first stall had her legs tied up and wide apart. Her lower half protruded from the wall and her pussy and ass were exposed as a young guy pounded away.

The skinny brunette's small of her back had a tramp stamp and her ass and legs were shining in the sun. Her legs were tied to the bottom of the wall and no one was penetrating her at the moment. I walked up and rubbed her ass as I got closer to my wife's stall.

There was a longer line for her that included a few I recognized from the deck. Her legs were tied up and wide similar to the blonde. A discussion was occurring between two guys with their pants down over who was next. I could see cum leaking from her shaved pussy. The first guy had indeed finished.

The second guy walked up and positioned himself to enter her. He pushed in and started to fuck her.

Once he was done. The next guy walked up and started unfastening her ankles.

"I want her this way," he said as he rolled her hips over so her ass was up. He then strapped her ankles wide to ties that were at the bottom of the wall.

Her little ass and pussy were on full display in the summer sun. He knelt down and sniffed her ass from behind as cum leaked from her pussy.

He stood up and thrust his dick into her pussy from behind and pumped away for a while. I could hear the sounds of her tight little pussy now sloppy and used. He paused and pulled out. He put his thumbs on either side of her butt cheeks and pulled them apart, further exposing her little crinkled anus.

We all knew what he was going to do, and I assume she was guessing on the other side of the wall. She doesn't do anal, but was about to get it anyway.

With cum on his dick from fucking her used pussy, positioned his dick on her little brown opening and slowly started entering her ass.

I had never fucked her in the ass, but was so turned on by him thrusting in and out and then, eventually, finishing in her, that I got in line and after he was done, I stood up and rubbed cum in to her butt. Then I put my dick right up to her ass. I entered her quickly. I had never been in her ass and I nearly came once I was all the way in. I thrusted in and out of her ass as others looked on and I finished deep inside of her.

While I was finished, others had similar ideas. With her ass was exposed to everyone with the bright sun illuminating every part of her, the waxed folds of her little pussy lips that no one other than me had ever seen were on full display. Those lips led up to her tiny, brown crinkled and defenseless anus. Soon after I stepped bac there was a guy walking up to her who immediately pulled down his shorts, but first he bent down and sniffed her butt and licked her pussy up to her ass. I could see her try to move her ass to expose herself to his tongue, and thus started an amazing afternoon of her being fucked by an endless line of strangers.