 Lisa stood at the foot of the bed her hands on hips, her legs widely spread, she was on display...

"Do you think we can get some more cocks up here? These guys are used up and I want a lot more cock, lots and lots of cock!" Her eyes were glassy and dilated, her nostrils flared, her body was flushed; she was lost in lust.

Mary Ellen sat up shakily and asked, "What exactly do you want honey?"

"I want a hard cock in every hole and I want 'em to rotate until I suck down all their cum!!"

Tim and I looked at each other, thinking that we could be in trouble...

Then a soft tapping was heard from the door, Lisa's head popped around and a bright smile bloomed on her face. "Must be more cock now!" she said as she marched to the door.

Mary Ellen turned to me saying, "Jesus Jack, do you think it's the cops?"

Before I could answer Lisa carefully opened the door shielding her naked body and peered out into the hall. "Yes, can I help you," she asked.

"Really; well shit, come on in..." she said.

The three of us, Mary Ellen, Tim and I, lay on the bed naked, cum stained and flushed as an attractive woman wearing a terry cloth robe carrying a towel came in followed by a big thick man wearing swim trunks and a bright blue t-shirt. The woman was dishwater blond perhaps 5'5" with big blue eyes in a pretty face said, "Hi ya'all, I'm Connie and this is Bob. Our room is across the courtyard from this one and we saw your friend (gesturing at Lisa) in the window just fuckin' herself blind and I said to Bob, "Bob honey, let's go over there and see if she'd like some company."

"We had to knock on four rooms before we found the right one. That's why we're wearing swim clothes 'cause our story was that we were looking for our friends. It worked real good, the two rooms that answered their door were really nice. Sure glad we found ya'all... would you like some company?"

Bob walked over to the bed and said, "Say, aren't you the software guy at the conference?"

I nodded and he laughed, "Look I'm sorry if we're butting in but Connie loves to fuck; we're pretty active in the swinger community in Omaha and it's been real quiet here so far - then she saw your friend and it was like trying to put out a fire to stop her from finding her way over here."

Mary Ellen in a fit of boldness slid off the bed stepped up to Bob put out her hand and said, "My name is Mary Ellen and my friend is Lisa and right now I'd say she wants to pull a train... a long train, her fire is really burning."

Connie said, "Bob honey, show Lisa your dick; go on take your trunks off and show her your dick."

Bob smile a little smile and dropped his trunks revealing a cock that looked nearly 10 inches long and every bit as thick as mine. He wrapped his big fingers around it giving a few generous strokes before saying, "It don't get any longer; Connie says that I'm a shower not a grower."

Lisa pushed Connie out of the way dropping to her knees in front of Bob. She reached up grasping his big cock firmly and sucked the head into her mouth working her tongue feverishly. Bob's cock stiffened up almost immediately and he began working that big cock in and out of her mouth.

Connie took off her robe showing us a slender toned body; quickly stripping off her bikini we saw that she had small teacup sized breasts with little pink pebble nipples and a smooth shaved pussy with very large reddish brown labial lips - her pussy seemed unusually large on such a slender girl.

"Looks like Lisa is enjoying herself, you boys want to get it on?"

Tim said, "Jack and I are a little tired right now what about you and Mary Ellen taking a turn?"

Mary Ellen took Connie's hand and walked her to the other queen sized bed where they began exploring one another. Connie seemed fascinated by Mary Ellen's big breasts as she suckled them, using both hands to hold each breast as she sucked her big pink nipple. Mary Ellen just laid back and enjoyed the attention. I noticed the show was getting me hard again as Tim rolled toward me he reached out taking my cock in hand. 

In a soft voice he said, "I'm not quite sure how to say this Jack, but I'd like to suck your dick... no offense, it just seems like something I'd like to do, would you mind?"

I thought for a minute, "What the hell, I guess there's a first time for everything."

Tim shifted his body placing himself alongside me and softly took my now hard cock into his mouth, his tongue bathing my cock-head in hot saliva. It was different but still good. I lay back and enjoyed him fondling my balls and taking more of my cock into his mouth. The room was filled with the sounds and smells of sex, lots and lots of sex. We could hear the loud slurping as Lisa sucked and swallowed as much of Bob's cock as she could, in the other bed Mary Ellen had thrown her legs wide apart and was holding Connie's head in her hands as Connie lustily licked and sucked her pussy. I could tell she was close as she softly said, "Fuck, fuck, fuck... eat my pussy you wayward bitch, oh yes..."

As for me I was enjoying a profoundly good suck, Tim was trying to deep throat me, gagging a little as my cock hit the back of his throat. I reached out and found his hard cock and began to stroke it, using his precum to slick up his dick.

Bob suddenly pulled his massive cock out of Lisa's mouth and tapped my foot, "Hey guys, help me here; let's give Lisa a good solid three hole fuckin'."

Tim reluctantly pulled off my cock and looked up, "What do you have in mind?"

Bob guided a glassy eyed Lisa to the bed and said, "Tim, get on your back and shove your cock up Lisa's asshole, then I'll take her pussy and Jack can face fuck her; sound good?"

With little effort Bob was able to get Lisa on top of him in the cowboy position, embedding himself in her ass. Bob moved behind her and using spit began working his big tool into her pussy. "Oh Jesus, oh damn it's so big... shit..." said Lisa as he finally worked the entire ten inches into her. Next I straddled Tim's face and fed my thick cock into Lisa's mouth. It took a while but we were able to develop a rhythm where Tim fucked up as Bob pounded into her puss while I stroked in and out of her throat.

It was surreal; I could see Bob grunting with effort as he worked his big cock in and out of her straining pussy accompanied by a wet sloshing sound. Tim was making soft grunts himself as he fucked her wet loose asshole. Lisa seemed lost in sensation - how long this lasted I'm not sure but at least 30 minutes, we were all covered in sweat when Tim began to twist her nipples and grabbed her ass as he buried his cock as deeply as possible, we knew he was cumming. That triggered Bob who slammed his massive tool in to the max, filling her hole with his batch of baby batter.

That set me off and I pulled my cock out of Lisa's throat and jacked myself blowing cum all over her face and into her hair. After a moment, I moved off the bed and into the nearby chair exhausted. Bob allowed his cock to slide out of her puss and staggered to another chair as Tim rolled Lisa onto the bed by his side. Lisa lay there completely fucked out and exhausted, she fell immediately asleep. I looked at Tim's dick, it was dark red and then down to my own cock and it was a dark red as well - we were both worn and sore.

Mary Ellen and Connie were sitting side by side on their bed arms around each other, dried girl cum stains on their faces. Suddenly, they began clapping and making "woot, woot" sounds.

"Nice job boys, well done. Lisa wanted to be fucked out and you did her proud," said Mary Ellen. "Did you save anything for us?"

Tim spoke up saying, "I don't know about Jack, but I have to have some rest, right now all I could do is collapse."

Agreeing with Tim, I said, "That's an amen from me too. Tell you what, while we take a short nap why don't you girls give Bob some attention, maybe he'll give Mary Ellen a good fuckin' with that telephone pole of his!"

I propped my feet up on the chair stool and leaned back falling off to sleep.

***** ***** *****

"Come on Jack honey, wake up, come on baby." Mary Ellen shook me awake as she spoke into my ear, I struggled to the surface and looked around, Bob and Connie were snuggled together as were Tim and Lisa - we'd been sleeping like puppies.

She smiled at me, "Come on baby, let's go take a shower and get the stink off us and then we can wake everybody up and go have some supper, it's getting late."

And shower we did, a nice hot shower. We washed each other just like old times, carefully exploring every crack and crevice. The good news was that the rest allowed my cock to recover and it was much less red and agitated, Mary Ellen's pussy was still puffy and swollen but she allowed that while she didn't want any sex right now, later tonight was still on her schedule - seemed like a fair idea to me too.

After our shower Mary Ellen treated my dick to a nice coating of skin lotion and then we roused Tim and Lisa as well as Bob and Connie. Everybody headed to their respective rooms to change into dinner clothing and we met in the top floor Steakhouse at 8:00 pm. It is amazing how much food fucked out people can consume particularly when it's as good as this - great steak! After a couple of bottles of good red wine Bob suggested that he check with a friend or two and see if we could expand the circle, if everybody was willing and we were.

Turned out that Bob and Connie had a small suite with two King sized beds so we all agreed to meet there about 10:00 pm giving us time for a drink and leisurely stroll around the pool area. When we arrived at Connie and Bob's we found Connie on her back in the middle of the bed with darkly tanned man face down between her legs. When we walked in she raised her head and said as she pointed to the man, "This is Ray; he's Bob's partner and one of the best pussy eaters on the planet."

Bob said, "Let me introduce you to Jim and Kay. They're both nurses, we met them at the convention in San Diego last year." After handshakes and hello's Jim said, "Mary Ellen I hope you don't mind but I am anxious to get a look at your fabulous tits, Connie told me they were to die for!"

Mary Ellen laughed and I helped her undress, carefully folding her clothes and laying them on the large walnut dresser at the side of the room. Jim was a medium sized man with a compact frame and wide shoulders and hips, Mary Ellen said, "Your turn Jim, get your clothes off!"

Jim and Kay started laughing and stripped together revealing pretty nice bodies. Jim looked to be in his early forties and in good shape, he sported a soft tan and very large balls. His ball sack was easily the size of a large grapefruit holding two large eggs, his cock was perhaps 7 inches long and of normal thickness with a soft pink cock-head beginning to ooze precum. Mary Ellen reached out and took his cock in her hand saying, "Sure looks about perfect for sucking..." as she did so he took one of her large white breasts in his hands leaned in and began to lick her bright red areoles. "Dam Jim, you can do that all night honey," she said.

Kay stepped up to me and wrapped me up in her arms, softly pressing her full red lips onto mine; she began to probe my mouth with her hot tongue. After a second I responded sucking her tongue and pushing mine into her large mouth. As we kissed my cock hardened in my pants and the bulge pressed into her body. She broke off the kiss leaned closer and whispered in my ear, "Connie says you have a big thick cock, I love thick cocks... just not as big as that tree limb of Bob's... that damn thing nearly put me out of action last year, let me see your cock sweetie."

I quickly put my clothes on the dresser next to Mary Ellen's as Jim moved to her other breast, leaving her nipple wet and jutting into the night air. As he did they sank onto one of the beds. Kay said, "Let's join your girl and Jim on the bed." Being a King size bed there was plenty of room, before we lay down on the bed I stepped back from Kay and took a long look. She stood nearly 5'8" with long black hair, a dark complexioned girl with long lean legs and a smoothly shaved pussy. Her pussy presented as a long slit with a small hood protecting her clit at the very top, her belly was flat as a board with tits the size of large coffee cups adorned with medium brown aureola, plentiful milk nibs topped off with pencil eraser sized nipples. She reminded me of one of the surfer girls on the beach near my home, long and lean and ready.

As I scooted up on the bed, I looked over and saw Mary Ellen stroking Jim's dick with one hand and rubbing his back with the other as he continued to nurse on her large white breast. About the same time Tim waved at me and mouthed "Viagra?" holding a small grey pill in one hand. I nodded and he came over and handed me the pill... "after today, we'll need it." He said. I chewed it and swallowed, a bit bitter but it came with the promise of youthful erections that last a long, long time.

Kay straddled me and asked, "You really need that?"

"Baby, it's been a long day and you deserve the best," I said.

She laughed and turned around placing her damp pussy directly over my face and sucked my cock into her mouth. She was a gifted cocksucker; laving, licking and sucking my cock from top to bottom before sliding it all the way into her throat. She knew the technique of swallowing as my cock-head invaded her throat which allowed it slide down easily without choking.

She was a talented lover and extremely flexible resulting in a dynamic thirty minute sex session. When we finished we snuggled together and watched Jim plunder Mary Ellen's rectum, I was fascinated by the way her rectal tissue clung to his cock when he pulled back it reminded me of an inverse volcano. In a fairly short time he bottomed out and blasted her bowel with his sperm cocktail. She fell forward exhausted; her skin flushed a mottled pink. Her eyes found mine and she smiled a tired little girl smile. Bob's partner Ray came over and began to rub Kay's tight bottom and I moved from the bed to a large recliner in the corner. When I did so Mary Ellen got wearily to her feet and staggered over to me settling onto my lap. Her large soft butt felt great as she rolled into my arms.

The hotel room stank of cum and sex fluids, the air was musty and thick caressing our bodies as we watched a room full of naked people plunge, taste and tangle into one another. Mary Ellen looked into my face as she quietly said, "I am completely fucked out. In fact, I may never fuck again.

We quietly moved to our clothing and dressed, slipping out and returning to my room. After a quick shower we dropped into bed and slept solidly until the alarm roused us at 8:00 am. I had two presentations and then the closing luncheon, after which it was back to California. Mary Ellen went to her room to get ready for the day and I wandered down to the breakfast buffet finding a great appetite for all things breakfast. The presentations went smoothly and a quick call to our office in San Francisco told me that sales were brisk; it had been a very profitable trip in many ways.

Mary Ellen and I were quiet with one another until my cab came to take me to the airport, then she said, "I am really going to miss you..."

I kissed her and said, "My house near the beach has plenty of room, anytime."

She smiled a small sad smile and said, "We'll see."

**********************

Back home in my 1926 beach house in the hills overlooking Capitola Beach I am again at peace with myself and our business. All together we sold nearly a million dollars of software and another couple hundred thousand dollars of installation and service agreements with the prospect of nearly double that over the next year as budgets and presented and approved. It had been a very successful trip to Phoenix.

It was nearly 10 am as I shuffled around my kitchen making fresh coffee and warming a few pastries left over from yesterday's trip to my favorite pastry shop on the boardwalk. I was just filling my thermal mug and thinking about buttering a warm pastry when my doorbell rang softly in the background.

Standing on my covered porch was a pretty redheaded girl, a little thick with lovely large white marbled breasts inside a nice grey travel suit... "Were you serious about plenty of room in this dump?"

"Kiss my ass girl; 1-this is a classic 20's beach house in pristine condition, 2-there's fresh coffee in the kitchen with warm rolls waiting on butter and 3-get you sweet ass in here!"

"Nice way to talk to a girl whose come a long way, are you going to get my bag?"

"Fuck no; get your own bag, you're a big girl and as I said, get you sweet ass in here!"

She laughed me and flashed a big smile as she hoisted her suitcase and came into my life. Things were looking up for California and me!