 Hi, my name is Frank and I'd like to tell you the story about my first threesome. I was eighteen so that's more than ten years ago. First I'll introduce the main characters, there's of course me, Frank an 19-year-old guy from the Netherlands. Then there's my best friend at the time, Peter, he's one-year-older than me and then there's Leeann, 18 at the time.

The three of us had grown up together, we used to play hide and seek, that stuff. Actually when I was about ten I used to have a crush on Leeann, she might have had a crush on me too but nothing ever happened. Peter and I got on better and better and became best friends. You know, we did our first line of Coke together, shared stories about girls etc.

So for about half a year now, Peter and Leeann had been going out together. You know how it goes, I didn't see much of him during that time. But I understood, I had been head over heels myself so I could relate. 

And actually them going out together wasn't all a bad thing because Leeann's skirts kept getting shorter and shorter. And with the legs she had, it sure was no punishment for us guys. Of course from Peters stories I knew that they were getting increasingly active sexually.

So, one day, I think it might have been in May, Peter and I went for a day out to Amsterdam. We had a great time, had a few beers, took in some sights and of course on our way back to the train station we walked through the red light district. 

Now when you walk through the red light district you see a lot of women who you can't imagine anyone paying money to spend time with them. But we came across an alley where there were seriously attractive and young women. Needless to say we were tempted, Peter a bit more than I but that's because I was chicken & still am...

So when we walked out of the red light district, we were seriously horny.. And conversation was all and only about sex. As we were waiting for the train, Peter mentioned that Leeann might be in for a threesome. Without hesitation I took him up on that challenge, never expecting anything to come from it.

Anyway, we said our goodbyes at Peter's house and I went over to visit my parents (by now I was living on my own). At about eight that evening, the doorbell rang, so I said to my parents, ' I'll get it' and to my surprise and shock, there was Leeann.

'I had a talk with Peter' she said ' and he's told me about your conversation' I was speechless 'anyway, I'd like to take you both up on that...'

you can imagine my shock and excitement at the same time, of course what made it a truly memorable experience for me was that just about now I could hear my mother asking: ' Frank, who is that at the door?; so I told Leeann I would come over to Peter's house and we'd discuss the rest.

About 15 minutes after being shocked by Leeann, I knocked on the back door of Peters parents house, put on as normal a face as I could and went up to Peters room.

As I entered they were both sitting on his bed, smiling broadly. After scolding them quietly for shocking me like that, I asked if they were serious. They told me they were, and Leeann said that she couldn't think of a better candidate for her first threesome, so that got my attention.

The deal was as follows; the next evening, Peter and Leeann would come visit me at the house that I was housesitting. We'd have the place to ourselves, and little chance that anybody would disturb us.

The next day crept by very slowly, but finally the evening approached. To break the ice I had dug up a good porn flick that I had stashed away somewhere, lighted some candles and waited anxiously for them to come. At about eight I heard Peter park his car by the road. To get to the house they had to walk on a path through some trees, about 50 meters.

I walked out to greet them, and I saw them approaching out of the dark, Leeann a few meters in front of Peter, she's tall, I think one meter eighty and she was wearing high heels, and a very short skirt. I kissed her on the cheek and invited them both in. 

You could sense that we were all a bit uptight and nervous. So the first thing to do was make us all a drink. After a few minutes we began to relax, Leeann was looking stunning. It was only when I looked at the both of them sitting opposite me on the sofa that I realized that a threesome would involve Peter as well!

Leeann's hand was moving up and down on Peters upper leg. Teasingly and still a bit shy she looked at me. 'What's that?' She asked gesturing towards the videotape on the table. ' It's a porn flick, Peter suggested that might break the ice' I said ' put it on then!'

I shoved the tape into the VCR and pressed play. The movie started somewhere halfway, I'd forgotten to rewind it. Thinking she might not be in the mood for that kind of action straightaway I grabbed the remote, ready to rewind when she stopped me. ' No don't rewind, this looks interesting'

On the screen, the girl was blowing two guys at once, and looking into the camera seductively. We all fell silent, I could feel myself getting harder and as I looked toward Peter I saw he had the same response. 

Leeann's eyes were riveted to the screen. Peter was unbuttoning his trousers, freeing himself. I looked over, for first-time seeing another guy fully erect in the flesh. Taking my cue from him I also unbuttoned my trousers, and took myself into my hand. 

Leeann was stroking Peter with one hand while still looking at the screen, now she looked over toward me, letting her eyes travel from my eyes downward towards my cock and then back up towards my eyes. You could almost taste the tension, this was D-Day, the moment the whole situation: could go either way. She looked back at the screen and said:

' shall we go somewhere more comfortable?'

We all got up and started walking towards the stairway, on the way I switched off the VCR. Peter and Leeann had shared a kiss. Leeann was the first up the stairs, Peter and I smiled at each other, both looking quite ridiculous, our dicks out of our pants. Upstairs to our left was the bedroom, the bathroom with Jacuzzi was ensuite. Leeann and Peter looking around, admiring the Jacuzzi with a view of the garden. 

I walked over to the gas fueled fireplace and lit it. I followed Peter and Leeann into the bathroom, saying ' we could take a bath later on if you want'

We walked back into the bedroom together, the fireplace was spreading a comfortable warmth around the room. Leeann kissed Peter. 

Before Leeann had told us that she wanted to be in control. She turned around, her lips still open a bit and kissed me on the mouth, our tongues touching each other for the first-time. Then her lips had left mine again and she turned around to his Peter. I just stood there behind her and let my hands travel down her back to rest on her hips. I gently squeezed her.

'I could get used to this, I think' she said, as she sat herself down on the bed. 'Why don't the two of you get undressed?' As a wicked smile appeared on her lips.

Peter and I laughed a bit sheepishly, looking at one another, looking at Leeann lying sprawled on the bed, looking back at each other and thinking 'what the hell?!' We both undressed, not in a stripper kind of way, we were still a bit too green for that. 

There we were, for the first-time standing naked in front of another guy. Peter and I were about the same height, he was a bit more slender, skinny. I was a bit more stocky, broad in the shoulders. As I looked down I noticed I had a bit more body hair, Peter had a few stray hairs in places. Going further down the final check confirmed that we were both about the same size. (you could almost hear an audible sigh of relief...)

Leeann was taking us in, looking us over. In her eyes you could see a spark of lust. Her skirt had ridden up a bit and I could that she wasn't wearing any panties. Peter and I moved towards the bed in unison, as Leeann sat up straight on the edge of the bed. 

We were standing on either side of her facing each other, half a meter apart. Her hands moved up the inside of our legs, until we could both feel her hands cupping our balls. She looked up at us, still with a hint of shyness as she then looked us both over. She moved her hands from our balls further up until she had us in her hands, softly stroking. 

Then she took the head of Peter's cock into her mouth. He closed his eyes, as I kept looking at her slowly engulfing him. Her eyes were closed when she took him deeper. On the way out she opened her eyes and looked up at me. 

Not losing sight of me for a second she turned and took me into her mouth. It was warm and wet and this combined with the whole tension of the situation made me incredibly hard. I opened my eyes again to see Peter smiling at me, his hand still on the back of her head. Her lips parted company with me and as she moved away from me I could see a small clear strand of precum between her tongue and the tip of my cock. It vanished as she turned to take Peter into her mouth again. 

She squeezed his dick a bit, her thumb moving from the base toward the head. A clear drop appeared. Keeping her lips close together, she put them right over it and sucked it in. 

That was such a turn on. Peter moaned, he was enjoying this as much as I was. Then her lips were approaching me again and I could feel her thumb coaxing another clear drop out of me, her tongue reaching out as the drop appeared, her eyes locked on to mine, as she softly licked the tip. I was on fire, so incredibly turned on.

'That is so horny' Peter said hoarsely. Leeann stood up and kissed him. Then she sat back down again, pulling us both closer, the tips of our cocks almost touching. 

Teasingly she licked the underside, going from one to the other. Sometimes enclosing her lips around the both of us. This went way further than I had ever imagined, but it was incredibly hot.

Without any words being spoken, Peter and I decided at the same time to help Leeann on her feet. As she turned towards Peter, we started to undress her, first her top, then I helped her step out of her skirt, as she was passionately kissing Peter. I guess I could have felt left out, but I didn't. 

She was still wearing heels and a bra, there were no panties beneath the skirt. I moved my hands up along the inside of her legs as I stood up. She was moaning as she kissed Peter. As my hand had traveled all the way up, I moved it along her lips, to my surprise she was completely shaven, the first girl who was completely shaven that I encountered. 

I could feel that she was wet, my fingers slid easily in and out of her. Her clit was not easily found, but when I did find the spot she pressed down on my hand. I think she came right there and then while kissing Peter and being fingered by me. She must have been more than ready. Incredibly when she came, I felt her wetness increase. 

The three of us lay down the bed, Peter and I on either side of Leeann. She needed some time to recoup. We were both caressing her, kissing her, massaging. She didn't have very large breasts, but she had incredibly sexy nipples, quite large reacted instantly to touch. 

After a bit, I started kissing and nibbling my way across her body when I reached her navel, Peter had got up on his knees next to her head. She had his dick in her hand and was licking his balls, alternating which one she would take in her mouth. As I moved down further, she parted her legs for me. I kissed my way to her knees and then started upward along the inside of her thighs until I had her before me. Her lips were swollen and puffy and completely bald. 

I could see a few clear drops coming from between her lips, as I moved in closer, I licked them with my tongue, savoring her taste. Every touch I laid on her resulted in her moaning. She now had Peter in her mouth, her lips closing tightly around his cock, her hand jerking him off into her mouth. 

I was licking her clit now, with my tongue I had no trouble finding the right spot. I alternating between licking her lips, licking her clit and gently sucking on it. Her moaning increased, she paused giving Peter head and said: ' don't stop, this is so good, don't you dare stop' before she resumed blowing him.

I had no intention of stopping, but I did enjoy playing. So I pushed her legs up, opening access to her completely. My tongue explored every place I could find. Every millimeter around her clit, the inside and outside of her lips, all around the edges of her opening, at the back, that sensitive spot between her pussy and her asshole. 

It felt like I was driving her crazy. That combined with her getting off on giving Peter head made that she was about to come for the second time tonight. I had my lips tightly on her pussy, when I heard Peter moaning he was about to come. 

This increased the noise she was making, and I had trouble keeping her hips steady and my tongue at the right spot. Almost at the same time when Peter came, I heard and felt Leeann coming too.

With my lips around her I could feel her getting wetter, coming in my mouth. Peter moved away a bit, spent. Leeann was breathing rapidly. I moved up between her legs, took her hands, moved them over her head and pressed them into the bed. I was hot and needed to come. 

Leeann had pulled her legs up completely, she felt me pushing against her wetness. She was talking dirty now, really dirty, telling me to take her. In one smooth motion I thrust into her, as deep as I could. With each thrust, Leeann shouted. She wanted me to fuck her harder. 

As I did I felt the hand between us, moving towards her clit. As soon as he touched her there, I could feel her contracting around me, pulling me in. That was enough for me I felt there was no stopping, I was going to coming. As I moved to get out of her, she put her legs around me and told me to come inside of her. 

This really sent me over the edge, I came and came inside of her. It was incredible. I rolled off her, exhausted. She took the pillow and put it beneath her butt. Then she asked Peter to lick her. He was hesitant at first, she kept talking to him, telling him how he had wanted to do a threesome and that this was part of the deal. 

As I was looking at them I could see Leeann's talking was getting Peter excited again. She said things like 'can you taste him?', 'can you see how he came inside of me?' Hey this kind of talking was getting me excited again!

I got up on my knees and bent over to kiss her. We kiss gently, I was totally relaxed and could for the first time really enjoy it. No tension, no nerves. Leeann was moaning in my mouth now, I looked down and saw Peter sitting between her legs, his cock entering her in a steady pace. I felt her hand taking me and starting to jerk me off. I sat up and moved myself closer so that I could feel her lips around the head of my cock. 

She knew exactly where to move the tip of her tongue, where to apply pressure and went to be gentle. It was so hot seeing me move in and out of her mouth. Watching Peter fuck her, I bent a bit towards him and let my hand slide in between them, first touching her clit and then her lips. She was moaning again, I could feel it like an electric current from the tip of my cock going up to my spine. 

Then, just when she was sucking on the underside, out of the blue I came. Over her cheeks and onto the bed sheets. I moved back a bit and then they came. We were all pretty exhausted by then, and this is actually where we fell asleep. Seems like a good ending for now... The rest of the story is for a later time.