 It was still sweltering hot as our heat wave entered its second week. I work outside and my apartment has no air-conditioning so for me there's really no escape from the heat. I always stop by the bar on my way home from work. Visiting with friends and having a few beers seems to help take the edge off the heat. 

Today I made my usual stop at the bar but since my friend Peter wasn't there I didn't stay long. You see last Friday Peter had invited me to his house for a swim in his pool and to watch some porn. Not only was that a refreshing swim, but it was a real sexual awakening as well. As it turned out Peter, and his beautiful wife Kitty, were the porn! I watched her fuck his brains out while she watched me jack myself to an explosive release as a reaction to their show. Then we all chilled by the pool. Peter had to go out of town on business so I haven't been given the opportunity to return. I really haven't thought about anything but that evening all weekend. I'd love to go back - even if it was just for a cooling dip in his pool!

Now as I sit on my balcony looking out over the sweltering city I find myself imagining myself floating on a pool of cool water. I'm sweating to a point of discomfort so I've stripped off my clothes and I'm wishing I had a cold beer. My mind drifts off and I find myself remembering the events of last Friday, reliving each moment in slow motion...

I'm smacked back to reality by the sound of someone knocking on my front door. I peel myself up off of my chair and make my way back inside and to the door. I open it a crack to see who's there and I'm pleasantly surprised to see Kitty, Peter's wife.

"May I come in?" She asks in a perky, almost sing-songy voice... eyes wide open and a grin spreading across her face. "I brought beer!" She added.

I couldn't control my glee so I immediately started to open the door for her... I was so happy to see her...

That's when I realized I was still naked and sporting a partial from my little day-dream on the balcony... but it was too late - she was in.

There she stood, 5'5" and maybe a hundred twenty pounds. Big blue eyes and alluring lips. Flowing blonde hair with locks following the shape of her shoulders and laying beautifully into her ample cleavage. She stood in her clingy blue sundress and blue spaghetti strapped stiletto heels. I closed the door gently as we looked deeply into each other's eyes. I drank in her beauty, just as I had last Friday when I first met her.

She broke the silence. "Peter told me you'd probably appreciate a beer since he wasn't able to join you at the bar today." She cracked one open and brought it to my mouth. 

I reached up and grasped the bottle and lightly held her fingers as I took a good swig. 

She took a step back crossing her arms and grasping the hem of her sundress...

"Sure is hot in here" she said as she lifted her dress over her head and tossed it across the room where it slid up against the wall.

She stood in front of me. Naked. Beautiful. Arms at her sides. Her breasts were perky and large with dark nipples pointing slightly up and out - and hard. Her stomach was flat with soft feminine muscular tone. Her beaver was smooth and hairless. Her legs were long and lean. She looked so sexy standing there in just her heels.

"There is the cock I've been thinking about all weekend" she said as she dropped to her knees and engulfed my semi erect cock with her hands. Squeezing and stroking she pulls and twists as I become fully hard. She's studying every wrinkle and vein as she strokes. Breathing in my essence as she familiarizes herself with my manhood.

I sip my beer as she looks up at me. Our eyes lock as she brings the head of my cock to her lips. She squeezes out the first droplet of pre-cum and spreads it around her lips. She washes my cock-head with her warm soft tongue. She leans in and plunges my cock-head deep into her mouth. I'm in heaven. 

Kitty continues her masterful stimulation of my manhood until my legs begin to shake. She laps at my cock, swallowing the now constant flow of pre-cum. Washing my entire head and shaft with her tongue before plunging me back deep into her throat. Her fingernails tickle the backside of my balls as I begin to feel my orgasm building...

I set my beer aside and grasp her head with both hands pulling her up to her feet and kissing her deeply. I can taste myself in her mouth. Our tongues wrestling as we suck and kiss passionately.

I take her hand and lead her to my bed. 

I lay down and instruct her to position herself onto my face and lean down into a sixty-nine. 

She throws her leg over my head and I'm instantly face to face with her beautiful smooth pussy. I gaze at her hairless slit and remember how badly I wanted it when I first saw it. I still feel that way! Gawd she has a beautiful pussy. It glistens with moisture, in fact, wetness. She's obviously aroused as her pussy-lips are swollen and she's dripping with wonderful fluids. 

I reach out with my tongue and begin to explore. I lick her crack from bottom to top and all around the outside of her swollen lips. I bring my mouth fully to her pussy and begin sucking and drinking in her wonderful wetness. 

She tastes heavenly. Not pungent or too salty but subtle with similarity to what I tasted when I kissed her. I can't get enough of her. My mouth and tongue lick and suck. 

I'm loving every moment. I love the taste of this woman and I love feeling her masterful work on my cock. We are both quickly moving towards a simultaneous orgasm and we're both hell bent on making sure it happens!

As my orgasm builds I push two fingers into her soaking wet pussy and drink her fluids as I lick and suckle her clit. Her breathing becomes labored and she begins to convulse. She's taking me deep and just at the right moment - she jams a finger deep into my anus to my prostate - she wiggles her finger putting me over the edge. I too, convulse and fill her mouth and throat with a huge load of my man milk. Kitty screams with delight as she orgasms on my face in wave after wave, soaking my mouth and face with her delicious pussy juice.

She slowly releases my spent and shrinking manhood and gracefully lifts her pussy off of my face. Turning herself, our eyes meet and she leans in towards me. We share a magical cummy kiss. Until now I've never shared a kiss immediately after oral sex. Kitty made it different. I really wanted to experience our shared flavor and essence. As our mouths met and our tongues danced together. We shared a combination of flavors that simply tasted heavenly. We continued to kiss each other and lap occasionally at each other's faces. It was my most romantic moment to this point in my life. I again tasted a familiarity as my tongue explored her mouth just as it had explored her pussy moments ago.

I laid back as a sense of pure euphoria swept over the both of us.

We dozed off for a bit before our bodies succumbed again to the sweltering heat.

"Care to join me in a cool shower?" I asked.

As we showered we talked about what we had just experienced. She was happy to hear that I enjoyed all of the flavors and aromas and feelings. She told me how much she enjoys oral stimulus, both giving and receiving.

After a pause in the conversation I asked her when she expects Peter to return from his trip.

"Oh, Peter returned today" she responded "we made love and he was exhausted so he gave me that six-pack and told me to bring it to you..."

She certainly did bring it to me!