 Suzanne finished her shower and dried her body slowly, enjoying the sensation of the towel on her aroused skin. After spraying her vanilla scent, she went to the drawer and brought out her assortment of toys. Checking them, she changed the batteries in each toy. Once again, she checked the power level. As she heard the loud buzzing, she could feel herself getting excited. Her pussy seemed to vibrate at the same speed. She lit some candles and smoothed out the bedcovers. The cds were playing softly and the house alarm was set. Now, she made her pillow nest and got comfortable on the bed. At exactly 8 A.M., she dialed her lover's office. Although they lived over a thousand miles apart, they were together everyday. This was their time. He often came into the office at least an hour early so they could spend time together. Daren was her lover and so much more. They had met in a writer's chat room and become friends. Both had kids the same age, so they often talked about the joys of teenagers and the challenges of balancing parenthood with friendship.

Today was like that. They talked about their daughters and the dangers of sex. They worried that too many girls were being sexually active and that their daughters might succumb to peer pressure. This discussion took some of their valuable morning time, but that is what made Daren so special. She never felt like it was just phone sex, they were both friends and lovers.

As they talked, Suzanne ran her fingers over her naked body, feeling her nipples pucker, feeling her lips swelling open. Daren's voice had a way of reaching her very center, making her wet by just talking. The topic of teen sex was arousing her, but then, today, talking about window cleaning would have excited her. She had dreamed of Daren last night and reread some of his letters this morning. Her body and mind were ready for a major fucking.

Daren could hear the need in her low, husky voice. He changed the subject, asking her about her morning. She described her shower and her nakedness, her words becoming seductively soft. 

Often, in the early morning office hours, Daren dressed comfortably in jeans and sweaters, changing if he had a court date that day. Today was the same. He said he wore button-fly jeans and a blue sweater. She told him to undo the buttons and take out "her cock" and describe it. After a pause, Daren told her he had it out and was stroking it, that it was already becoming hard and hot. Suzanne had often told him how sexy she thought a man's hand on his own cock was, how she loved to see his hand sliding knowledgeably up and down the shaft, cupping his own balls and massaging them. Daren described to her how hard he was, about the precome that he was using to make his cock all shiny and slick. She closed her eyes and imagined his hand, moving so easily up and down that massive erection. Her own fingers were playing gently in her curlies, stroking them and parting them. Daren held the phone down, she could hear the sound of flesh on flesh, could hear his wet palm sliding up and down his dick.

She picked up one of her toys, a blue jelly vibrator and ran it up and down her slit, feeling herself open to the head of the toy. Daren was describing to her exactly how he fit his hand around his cock, just the speed and pressure that he preferred. Suzanne was lying on her back, her legs spread, her blue toy now slowly moving in and out of her hungry pussy, She was moaning and telling Daren she needed more, needed some nipple sucking. He was happily obliging, describing to her the feel of her hard nipple in his mouth. Her head rolled back and forth, her toy moved faster and now she turned on the vibrating switch. Her hips began to thrust against the toy, and she was rushing toward her first orgasm of the morning. Suddenly, Daren's voice became very professional...."That will be fine, Mr. Davis. I will get back to you. Goodbye."

The phone clicked, leaving Suzanne on the edge, all alone. As her lower lip began to quiver, she heard Daren's voice again, still professional, speaking to someone else. She realized what had happened. Someone had come into the office, catching Daren in a compromising position. But rather than disconnecting the call, he had accidentally hit the conference call button. She heard him offer that person a seat and exchange pleasantries.

At the office, Daren was in a predicament. Here he sat, his jeans around his ankles, his hand happily encircling his hard cock, and a beautiful young lady was sitting across from him. She crossed her legs, the silky sound of her thighs moving against each other exciting him further. He knew he needed to think of a way to distract her and get dressed, but his mind was just not working. As she leaned forward to talk, Daren could see her bare thigh above her lacy stocking top and his cock throbbed back to full attention. 

She began talking, telling him her legal problem, but his thoughts were on Suzanne, with her toy, coming for him. Then he would think of this lovely stranger, her long, silkily-clad legs crossed right before him. It seemed that everything was conspiring to make him hard. He could not get his cock to behave. It remained upright and happily engorged. Giving up on placing it back in his pants, he thought he might be able to continue holding his aching cock, if he did it discreetly. He let his fingers slide slowly up and down, imagining that the woman wouldn't notice. And she might not have. He leaned his elbow on the desk, his hand supporting his face as he listened to her talk. His other hand was moving up and down, strumming against the sensitive underside of his dick. God, that felt good. His fingers knew just the path to take, just the spot to touch. He was plainly overstimulated, but he couldn't think of one reason making that a bad thing.

The woman, who had introduced herself as Kate, stood up and began pacing. Her story was winding down, he could tell. She was beginning to ask questions and knew he would have to pay attention. She stopped pacing and stepped forward to pick up a little toy from his desk. As she leaned forward, she could see right into his lap. 

A tiny OH! escaped her lips. She stared into his lap, watching his hand, still encircling his cock. She licked her lips and looked into his face. He did blush, but he still couldn't stop. She walked over to the door, locking it securely. Her hips swayed seductively as she returned to the desk. She stepped closer and reached for her skirt button, unzipping it and letting it drop to the floor. She stood before him, her pink garter belt framing her golden curlies, her naked thighs against the creamy hosiery. She leaned over and kissed him, putting her hands on both shoulders and pushing him sideways, so now he faced her. He could smell her desire as she approached him. She stepped up and straddled his legs, stopping with her pussy poised right over his cock. He could feel her silky stockings against his naked thighs. He held her hips and pulled her down on him. She was velvety soft and so slick. She began to ride him, her wetness making slurpy sounds in the room. On the phone, Suzanne could hear it all, she could hear the moaning and cooing and the slurpy wet sex sounds. Daren was telling the stranger that he planned to fuck her, he planned to pound into her tender pussy until she screamed. Suzanne was going crazy on her bed. She was reaming her hot pussy with the blue toy, but it wasn't enough. She placed one blue boy deep inside and took a second blue boy to her clit, vibrating at top speed right on the shy little button. 

Daren heard the vibrators and then Suzanne's unmistakable moans. He realized then what had happened. He continued to verbalize his desires and plans, driving both women wild with desire. The blonde was riding him, using her long legs to raise and lower her hot cunt on his cock. Suzanne, in the meantime, was reaching her first orgasm. Her moans and cries filled the office, inspiring the realtime lovers.

The client, Kate, was begging for release. She stood up, feeling his cock leave her with a pop. She turned and lowered herself again, bending over the desk and presented her tight ass. "Fuck my ass, please," she begged. She reached around and held the cheeks apart, offering her tight, pink hole to him. Once again, Daren held her hips. He lavished kisses on the smooth globes of her ass, licking and nipping as he moved down the sweet skin. He lingered at her tight hole, his lips kissing her there, his tongue circling her there. She moaned loudly, begging him to fuck her ass. He guided her ass down, pulling her closer to him, feeling his cockhead touching the wrinkled spot. Just as he came into contact, she pushed back and impaled herself on him, feeling him enter her completely, filling her with his engorged cock. She roared from deep in her throat, nearly growling. 

Daren described the scene aloud, conscious of Suzanne on the speaker phone. As he thrust deeply into Kate's ass, Suzanne was moving her toys in and out of her needy body. Now her green toy was inserted into her ass, the blue boys forgotten as the 3rd one was filling her secret space. Her hands were busily moving the toys, pleasuring herself, trying to reach the summit again. She called out Daren's name as her muscles quivered around the vibrator, pulling it deeper into her virgin ass.

The couple stopped moving, listening to Suzanne's cries and ragged breathing. Daren wasn't sure how much longer he could last. Kate's ass was so tight, so hot, so forbidden. Knowing that Suzanne was listening and enjoying it all was so incredibly naughty and exciting.

Kate was talking, saying things to excite and encourage Daren. She knew that his lover was listening and that the lover approved, so she gave praise for his lovely hard cock and his prowess with it. She asked him to touch her clit, to rub it. The combination of his cock thrusting into her ass and his fingers on her clit made Kate reach the edge. She tightened her legs and pushed back against Daren one last time and then came, clenching his cock deep inside her as she spasmed, her juices gushing over his thighs and belly.

Daren had no reserve. He could not stop himself as he felt his cock swell and then explode. He shot his come deep into Kate, feeling her warmth gripping him and holding him tightly inside her. 

Suzanne listened to the explosion on the speaker and waited until the breathing returned to normal. Before hanging up her phone, she welcomed Kate and invited her to be a morning visitor anytime.