 *** This is a very early piece from my first year of college that I just recently found again. It's definitely not perfect, but I hope you all enjoy it anyway! ***

*

"Hello, darling. How was your day?"

There was just something about the way his voice rolled over her body that made her feel like she should be paying him by the minute. His words were lulling, assured. He teased her and her heart rate subtly increased. It didn't really matter what he talked about, just as long as he kept doing it. Something erotic rolled around every syllable, each word held a laughing sexual charge that infused her body with warmth. She loved him and she loved his voice, even if that was all she could have of him while she was so far away for so long.

"Penny?" She loved the way he said her name; somehow he managed to just slightly alter the pitch of the "e," making her name all his own. She liked that.

"Yes, Will?" Her voice was low, languid. He knew that tone.

"Hey, baby, what are you wearing right now?" He whispered suggestively. She shivered.

"A red thong...and nothing else," she said, rolling onto her back, the phone at her ear, "Why do you ask?" She was playful.

"Well, you see Penny, I'm really hard right now...and I love imagining your little red thong on my floor."

She smiled and bit her lower lip, playing with the waistband of said thong. She was just about to ask him what he'd do to her if she were laying thus clothed in his bed, when her room door abruptly opened.

"Anna!" She almost shrieked.

"Oh, sorry, Pen, I was just—" Anna stopped mid-sentence, a mischievous grin forming on her face. "Hey, was I interrupting anything?"

"Well, kinda...you know, phone sex." Penny giggled.

Will, quiet on the other line, whispered something.

"What, babe? Sorry, Anna just walked in," Anna winked.

"Darling, why don't you ask Anna to do what I can't?" His voice still held an edge of playfulness, but there was something breathy and serious there, too. Penny automatically laughed. "No way, William; not interested." Anna raised an eyebrow a bit suggestively. 

Penny was a bit intrigued by this idea, but wasn't sure how it would progress.

"Come on, Penny, bring out the Punisher..." Will was pushing.

"What's he saying?" Anna sat down on the edge of the bed. "It sounds naughty." Her little smile was a bit naughty, too, truth be told. "What's she thinking", Penny wondered.

"He wants you to use my dildo on me, since he's twelve hundred miles away." Penny said, only half-joking.

"Yes, and you deserve a good fuck, darling," William added.

"And he also says I deserve a good fuck...because I'm such a great girlfriend." Penny tried to dilute the idea with some lightness, so Anna didn't think she was serious. Anna, however, was very quiet.

"Anna, he's kidding." Penny searched her friend's face.

"Well, Penny, why just a dildo? Why not let me strap it on and be your man for tonight?" Anna looked up, defiant, as if daring Penny to be uncomfortable.

"Anna, that was a long time ago; I'm happy with men now. I have Will."

"Oh, I know that, Pen, don't be stupid," Anna stood up and kneeled by the bed. "I would be happy to give you what you need, no strings attached, no assumptions made. I want you to talk to Will while I fuck you."

Penny shivered and knew this would happen. Her thong was slick with her wetness; she was excited.

"Penny? Penny? What's going on?" Will was still on the phone. Anna winked and left the room for the strap on.

"Well, it appears as if your wish is coming true."

"What?"

"Anna is going to be you, darling. She is currently retrieving her strap on dildo from our wild lesbian days. I'm going to put you on speaker phone and you both are going to fuck me."

"Oh, Penny, you are so wonderful."

"Thank you, dear, I know." Penny smiled to herself.

Anna came back in with her Annie-O Outlaw leather harness. Penny had one herself, back home in Will's bottom drawer. She remembered how great Anna looked in one. Her hair was short and black and crazy. She was one of those unbelievably cute and little lesbians that could tame a straight girl. That's what had happened to Penny at least. Their freshmen year they had been roommates. Then they were lovers. It was pretty common at this all girls' school they attended. Than Penny fell in love with Will and they were just friends. Anna was still a little in love and Penny never really had been. But Penny had loved that Annie-O.

Anna shut the lights off and got undressed. 

"What's going on now?" Will was eager.

"I'm putting you on speaker phone and setting the phone down. Anna is putting on the harness. What are you doing?" Penny asked.

"Right now, I am just softly stroking my dick, thinking about that leather harness in my bottom drawer and how you are getting ready to feel a cock in you again."

"It has been a while..." Penny sighed and felt Anna climb onto the bed.

"Too long, babe." Will whispered.

Anna touched Penny's ankle and slid her hand up over her calf and around to the back of her thigh.

"Her hands are soft; just like I remember. I love the sound of our bodies moving against each other." Penny sighed softly as Anna pushed open her knees and knelt between them. Penny could feel the dildo just outside of her red thong.

"God, I wish I could feel your breasts in my hands..."Will groaned, a small sound that tightened Penny's entire body.

"I love your hands on my breasts," Penny affirmed as Anna's hands moved up over her stomach and cupped a tit in each. Penny gasped. "Squeeze harder, please."

Will felt his cock jump in his hand and wished desperately that he could watch. He wanted to see his girlfriend's lover squeezing Penny's breasts. He wanted to see the strap on dildo poised at her pussy, forever hard, forever ready to make her scream for it.

Anna pinched her nipple and Penny moaned, "Oh God, I want you."

The ambiguity in her voice drove Will crazy. Was she talking to him or Anna? He wasn't really sure it mattered.

Penny wasn't sure either. She moved her own hands up over her old girlfriend's stomach and gently cupped her breasts. She could feel each hard nipple against her palm and wanted to taste them, roll them across her teeth. Anna stopped her though, bringing her mouth down on Penny's and sliding her tongue inside. Penny moaned against her friend's lips. She heard Will say desperately, "Penny, please, don't stop talking..."

Penny felt like she was losing control. She wanted so much to whisper to Will everything Anna was doing, but her mind was blissfully unable to communicate. She wanted to watch Will's hand moving over his cock. She wanted to taste him, feel him. But Anna's hands were amazing, too. She wanted her kiss, her slender hips moving above her.

"Anna, please—" Penny's thighs were wet; the tip of the dildo bumping up against her clit was driving her insane, "I'm so wet; I need it. Please, Anna. Will, tell her..."

Will could barely find his voice. His cock head was slick from his pre-cum; his hand moved in his own moisture. He needed his lover to be penetrated. He wanted to hear her cries of pleasure while he brought his own.

"Anna, give it to her. Fuck her hard for me."

Will's command drove Penny wild. She reached down and pushed her wet panties off, tossing them to the floor.

"Yes, Anna, fuck me." She looked up expectantly into her friend's face. Anna smiled and winked and ran her tongue intoxicatingly around Penny's lips.

"Just a minute little lady," Anna said, smiling. She winked wickedly and kissed down her friend's body, pausing at her hardened nipples and licking them until Penny was writhing on the bed. Anna's tongue moved down further kissing her flat stomach and brushing her lips over the soft hair above her pussy. "Do you remember this?" She asked coyly as her tongue darted out and flicked at Penny's hard clitoris.

"Remember what??" Will's voice was frantic.

"Will, she's-" Penny gasped as Anna's tongue lapped suddenly at her entire slit, making her drip with desire. "She's licking me, Will." She moaned, deep and sultry and Will squeezed his dick tighter, holding back his orgasm with a low moan deep in his throat.

"Oh Will, she's so good with her tongue! She's going to make me cum, but I can't! I want the cock so badly! Tell her to give me the cock!" Her voice was almost panicked as her desire increased with each stroke of Anna's deft, pink tongue on her wet pussy lips. 

"Anna, please." Will gritted his teeth, the strain obvious over the phone. Anna nibbled on Penny's clit and she screamed but just managed to delay the crashing waves of pleasure. "Give her the cock for me."

"You got it, brother." She then moved back up Penny's body so that she was holding herself up in a push up position and kissed Penny deeply, pushing her tongue into her friend's mouth so that they could both taste her tangy pussy on their lips. Penny's breath was shallow and desperate as she grasped Anna's breasts and squeezed hard, bucking her hips up to rub against the poised strap-on there. Anna laughed softly and reached down pulling Penny's legs up and sliding her hands under her ass to do so. She placed the dildo right where Penny wanted it, just barely touching the soft, wet skin at the entrance of her quivering pussy. She watched Penny squirm frantically, frustratingly moaning her desire, the fake cock teasing her cunt. Then Anna suddenly grabbed Penny's wrists and aggressively pinned them above her head as she thrust hard inside her best friend. The harness pushed back against her, putting pressure on her clitoris, her own wetness moistening the black leather of the harness.

It had been too long for both of them. They both cried out in wanton pleasure together. The dildo opened Penny up wide; she loved the way it filled her up getting wetter as her desire built around it. Anna started to move inside her, thrusting slowly at first and then building speed, the cock sliding deliciously inside her tight, wet pussy.

"Oh, faster Anna." Her moan was sultry and full of desire.

Anna knew what to do. She held Penny's body down and bean plunging into her the way that Will could only fantasize about right now. She knew Penny liked it hard and fast and wild. Penny met Anna's thrusts with her own hips, grinding their bodies together like they used to, fucking like nothing else mattered, their pussies trembling with a deep hot desire as they rubbed together, mixing their musty wetness.

Penny began to moan loudly. She wondered vaguely if the other girls in the hall could hear her desperate cries, but didn't care as Anna pounded hard inside her. She started with "OH Will I wish you were here!" and progressed to a less coherent, "Yes, God, Yes, don't stop...please, oh yes!" 

Will's body remembered those cries. He knew she screamed more the harder the sex was and had time to appreciate Anna's skill before his body demanded release. He paused, not wanting it to end yet and just listened to Penny's moans as she got closer and closer.

Anna, too was close. Their bodies were slick, their breasts sliding thickly against each other, their hard little nipples grazing against the others'. Her whole body felt alive and charged, pressed against Penny's creamy skin, hips pumping furiously. Suddenly she was coming hard, screaming Penny's name and arching into her as hot liquid burst from her, squirting over the harness and dripping down the cock and all over Penny's pussy and thighs. She slowed her thrusts, but stayed inside her friend's tight pussy.

Penny's breath was ragged as she felt her friend ejaculate. "Don't move yet." Penny wrapped her legs around Anna's slim back and turned them around so she was above her friend straddling her roughly, the cock pressed deep inside her aching cunt.

"Will, I'm going to come now and I want you to listen because I am going to scream your name." Slowly, but faster and faster, she began to slide up and down the strap on dildo, fucking herself while Anna watched, amused, but quickly getting aroused again. Penny realized as she started wanting it harder that this was part of why she liked a man; she wasn't worried about hurting him. With Anna, who was so small, she had to hold back a bit. She couldn't completely open up; she wasn't completely comfortable. There was definitely something sexy, though, about a huge cock jutting out from Anna's petite form. Something that she knew she couldn't get anywhere else and that thought alone made her pussy contract hard around the dildo, wanton for her wet release.

She was warmed up enough and spurred on by Will's moans on the other end of the phone that signified that he was more than ready. Anna came suddenly again, bucking her hips hard into her friend as she screamed and Penny knew she too was there. She felt the orgasm break and wash over her, held back at first, suspended in time, than powerfully contracting everything below, flushing her body with languorous pleasure as she furiously humped Anna below her, forcing the hard cock deep into her contracted pussy. She cupped Anna's breasts in each hand as she came, pinching her lover's nipples as she ground her hips hard. She suddenly heard Will's pleasured groans and knew he was shooting his load over his tight stomach as he pumped his cock in his fist. She imagined his cum spraying over her breasts, coating them in his hot white load. She loved his cum.

She rolled off a twice-sated Anna and sighed. Anna laughed and sat up, taking off the harness and getting dressed.

"Hey, wait, Anna, I—" Penny began when she realized her friend was leaving.

Anna came over and kissed Penny on the lips softly. "It's fine. Really. Perhaps we can play again, Penny. Goodnight." Anna left her friend to her boy with a smile and plans to return in the near future for a repeat.

"Well, William, what say you?" Penny asked lazily, taking the phone off speaker and crawling under the covers.

"Darling, it was the next best thing to a personal love fuck from me."

"I'm glad you enjoyed yourself."

"I'm glad you did as well. In 60 more days, you'll be screaming my name while I'm in the same room."

"That sounds wonderful." Penny was sleepy. "Time for sleep now, okay? Tonight was fun. I appreciate it."

"It was a pleasure babe. I love you."

"I love you too. Sleep tight."

"You too. Goodnight, love."

"Goodnight."

They hung up and went to bed, each dreaming of the other and definitely appreciative of all women colleges.