 I met Sarah in Portland Chat—big surprise there—in late winter 1999. The Internet is the easiest way to meet people. "Does anyone want to talk on the phone?" she asked the room. Bored and a little lonely, I Instant Messaged her. We began chatting. She emailed me her picture. She was chubby and cute. I gave her my phone number, and five minutes later we were talking away. "Hi, Rod. How are you?" 

"I'm great. How are you?" 

"I'm good. What are you doing?" 

"Oh, I'm playing with myself." 

Silence. 

I laughed. "Haha! Just kidding! I'm sitting here at my computer playing solitaire." 

Sarah laughed along with me, a good sign. I take risks with humor. Some people get it; some don't. Fortunately, Sarah got it. 

We talked more, going into greater detail about our lives, what we wanted, where we were going. Our respective love lives became a subject of conversation. We were quickly becoming more intimate. I imagined making love to her, a pleasant daydream. For the hell of it I asked if she had ever been in a threesome. Sarah answered yes, she and hubby had gone camping with a friend of theirs and screed their brains out. Sarah recalled the details fondly. Naturally, I began to envision myself in a threesome with her and hubby, him plugging away at one end, me at the other. What the hell. 

In my own charming way, I steered the conversation to what if Sarah and I were to make love? That subject excited her. Hell, it excited me. She was a horndog too. Her breathing grew fast as I told her all the naughty things I would do to her, until she was gasping into the phone. Then she went into great detail as to how she would please me, evoking a hot little fantasy in my mind's eye. I stroked myself while she described doing all manner of delightful things to my phallus. I saw, I conquered, I came. It was crazy. Call it phone sex. I did. 

On a what-the-hell whim, a few weeks into our acquaintance, I asked Sarah if I could listen in on her and hubby's lovemaking. He knew 1) we were friendly, and 2) we were having phonesex. I was an OK guy in his book because I was a friend to his wife. 

Sarah called me later on that evening. "How are you, Rod? 

"Great. How are you?" I was electrified with anticipation. 

"Great. I'm sitting here in a T-shirt and undies. I'm caressing my boobs, thinking about you touching them." 

"Oh, my god." She had a nice pair of breasts. She had sent a photo. I badly wanted to fondle them. I am a breast man from way back. 

Then I heard hubby's voice in the background. Sarah giggled. "He's waving his cock like it's an elephant trunk. It's pretty funny." 

They made husband-wife pre-bed small talk ("Did you lock up?" etc.) before segueing into nookie-time. He gave her instructions. 

"I'm on my back and Brad is sucking on my tits. He has a finger in my pussy." 

I would watch ESPN if it had commentary like that. 

My mouth puckered involuntarily and my member stiffened as I envisioned her hubby mouthing her mammaries and doing other naughty things to her, the lucky bastard. I listened to her moan. After a minute or so of foreplay he mounted her. "His cock is in me and it's stroking in and out," she informed me. 

You don't hear that every day. The world would be a better place if you did. At least my world would. Especially if the cock in question was mine. 

I held the phone in one hand; in the other hand, my member. As Brad stroked in and out of Sarah, I stroked said member. The lovebirds changed positions a few times before I climaxed. And then they climaxed. Hubby dropped right off to sleep. He had had a hard time, after all. Sarah and I talked for a bit before she was ready to sleep. After I hung up the phone I cleaned up. The cat glanced at me with a bored look, then went into the living room. 

Sarah called the next day. We talked about our phone menage a trois. 

"Did you get off on hearing us fuck?" she asked. 

"Oh yeah, baby. It was hot," I replied. "We'll have to do it again." 

"Mmmmm. I'm getting wet thinking about you listening to us." 

"Oh yeah?" 

"Yeah." 

Hmm. This was an intriguing and naughty new chapter in my life. I was breaking a societal taboo. "Chapter 19: Rod Has Phonesex with a Married Couple." I felt like a bad boy. 

One evening I was online when she Instant Messaged me. She asked if I wanted to have phonesex with her and hubby. I explained that I would love to but my phone was dead. Aw, too bad, she said. But then I had a brainstorm. There was a pay phone across the street. I wouldn't be able to masturbate, as the phone was on the street, but at least I could listen to them make love. "Give me five minutes and I'll call you," I said. "OK," she replied. 

I grabbed 35 cents and rushed down to the pay phone. A bus stop was right next to the pay phone, and someone was waiting for the number 75 bus After I deposited the money into the pay phone, I noticed the person, a young male in his 20's, staring at me. I stared at him back as I listened to the phone ring on the other end. After two rings Sarah picked up the phone. I covered my other ear with my hand to block out the traffic noise. 42nd was a busy street. 

Sarah and hubby got right to business. As I listened, I tried to ignore the stares of the occasional passerby. I kept my back to the building and an eye on the street. I had run into a few crackheads, but they pretty much left me alone. I kept a scowl on my face and kept to myself. I had not seen or experienced any violence, so I was not terribly frightened. Just wary of anything untoward. 

"Who you talking to?" asked the kid at the bus stop, with the boldness of the young and cocksure. 

With an inward smirk at my naughty behavior, I told him. Give myself a rep in the neighborhood for being a hip bad boy. What the hell. 

"Damn," he said. As I listened to the sounds of lovemaking on the phone, I saw the kid stop passersby. Then they'd both stare at me. 

Then the kid called over to a friend across the street. "Lakeesha, this guy is having phonesex right here!" 

"Damn," I heard the friend exclaim. 

It was a proud moment. 

Finally, the sex ended and Sarah and I bade each other good night. I returned to my apartment. The cat looked at me funny. 

Sarah called the next day. Her voice had an excited edge. Something was up. Something good. "How would you like to do a threeway with me and Brian? she asked.

Hot damn! There was a God. "Does a bear fuck in the woods?" I replied.

Sarah giggled and said "Can we come over tonight around 8ish?"

"Yes." My cock was twitching in anticipation. 

I puttered around the apartment until I heard a knock on the door. My heart was pounding as I opened the door to see Sarah and Brian. Brian and I sized each other up like two roosters in a hen yard. I let him know he was the cock of the walk where his wife was concerned but I was not going to play sissy. That was fine by him.

Ever the congenial host, I offered them wine. They gracefully declined.

"Allrighty, then," said I. "Let's get down to some serious sex." I motioned for them to head into the bedroom. They sauntered in. Sarah squeezed my cock as she passed by.

Humming to herself, Sarah crawled onto my queen-sized bed and lay on her back. Brian crawled on top of her and they kissed. And they petted. Heavily. After a few minutes of this Sarah pushed Brian away. They took off their clothes and threw them into a heap on the floor

Now that they were naked they resumed making out but took it a step further. Sarah's hands were caressing Brian's hardening cock and his fingers were sliding in and out of her wet pussy and over her clit. Soon they were breathing hard as they writhed on the sheets. Sarah cried out as she orgasmed for the first time that evening

Hell, I was breathing hard too.

Sarah whispered something to Brian, and he slid down 'til his face was in her pussy. He began to eat her out, eliciting soft moans from her. She crooked her finger for me to come over. I trotted on over, kissed her and played with her tits.

As I sucked on her hard nipples Sarah reached out to play with my wide-awake cock. She pulled it closer and flicked the tip with her tongue before opening her mouth so I could slide my cock in. She dug her hands into my ass while she sucked hard enough to remove the white from rice.

Before long Brian had impaled his wife's pussy with his cock, and he was plugging away, making her grunt while she blew me. After several minutes of this Brian and I switched places. I thrust hard into Sarah's hot pussy and watched her tits jiggle up and down, back and forth. Then I watched her blow Brian, whose fingers were entangled in her long brown hair.

I proposed we have Sarah get on all fours. I would fuck her from behind while she continued sucking off Brian; then we'd switch places again. It sounded good to both of them, so I fucked Sarah doggy-style while her face was buried in Brian's lap. After awhile we switched places and Sarah's mouth was playing my skin-flute again. I felt an orgasm building in me. Then I was spurting my cum down Sarah's throat. She sucked it all down.

Sated for the moment, I kissed Sarah on the lips and sat in a chair to watch Sarah and Brian fuck. And did they. They fucked fast, slow, fast again, hard and in many different positions before Brian pulled his cock out of her pussy to cum on her tits. After he'd stopped spurting Sarah coaxed his cock into her mouth and sucked him clean. They kissed deeply and passionately.

"Anybody want a beer?" I offered.

"Yeah," they both replied, so I went to the kitchen and brought us back three brews. While we drank we talked about sex experiences past. Brian talked about a swingers party they had attended a month before, where they'd hooked up with another couple and fucked like wild animals. Sarah added how it was the first time she'd had a cock in her pussy and one in her ass at the same time, and how she'd never orgasmed so hard.

Brian and I looked at each other. We were thinking the same thing. I layed down on the bed and Sarah straddled me, guiding my hard cock back into her pussy. Brian lubed and loosened up her ass before inching his cock into her back door. Brian and I worked out a rhythm and fucked Sarah until we all came again.

After we'd had as much fun as we could take, Brian and Sarah got dressed. I didn't see a point in putting clothes back on so I lounged in my birthday suit. Before they left we promised to play again. 

A week later I got a call from Sarah. "Are you busy tonight?" she asked.

"Yes," I replied. "I plan to help a man named fuck his lusty brunette wife Sarah. Why?"

Sarah laughed and said, "We'll be over around eight. Fuck you soon."

Sarah kept her word. Boy, did she ever.