 Please enjoy this new story. It is a work of fiction, intended for adult readers. All characters are adults, eighteen or older, and unusually horny. A special thanks my volunteer editors who helped me get this published - Taylor VanCannon.

*****

'Twas the week before Christmas, 1974, and Holly just had a few finishing touches to put on the holiday decorations. She unpacked her collection of miniature creches and carefully arranged them by size on the living room lamp tables. She stood back and admired her handiwork, filled with the spirit of the holiday season.

"Fuck!" Dirk shouted from the sewing room.

Momentarily flustered by the outburst, she composed herself and went to see what he wanted.

Dirk was hunched over the sewing machine, cussing at the fabric jam.

Holly brushed a lock of brunette hair from her eyes and took a closer look at his predicament. Dirk's sewing skills were not up to the task of making a tent, and his frustration was evident. The tent kit came with precut fabric and step-by-step instructions, but you still had to know how to sew. It was times like this that she wondered why on earth she offered to help him. "Problems?"

"The damn fabric jammed again," he said, pointing to his work. "It is too thick in this corner. It jams every time I try to feed it through."

"Release the pressure foot and just let it float over the thick section of fabric."

He did as she suggested and slowly stitched around the corner seam.

She stepped behind him and kneaded the tension knots between his broad muscular shoulders. "Relax, you're doing fine. Lock the pressure foot back down for the straight runs, and then release it for the corners."

"Okay, I've got it," Dirk said. The tent was a Christmas gift for Marta, his on-again off-again girlfriend, and he was eager to get it finished on time. "You ready for a break?"

"Sure, you finish that seam and I'll get us a couple of cold beers."

Holly had a beer in each hand when the phone rang. She yelled towards the sewing room where Dirk was working, "I have to get that; your beer is on the kitchen counter."

She took a swig of Genesee Cream Ale, a hometown favorite in Rochester, NY, and then lifted the handset off the wall phone and stretched out the long coiled cord to the kitchen table. She gazed out the window at the stark winter scene, barely visible through the lightly falling snow and fading light. She sat down and said, "Hello."

"Hey Babe, it's me."

Holly glanced at her watch and did a quick mental calculation; her husband must be taking a lunch break. Tim was on a business trip to Alaska, consulting with the Department of Labor in Juneau. Like many of his noontime calls, she instantly knew what was on his mind. "I didn't expect to hear from you until tonight. Is everything okay?"

"Yeah, I just wanted to hear your voice."

She snickered. "That's all, just my voice?" Had he been calling from his office, she would be about ten minutes away from sucking his cock. That was how long it took him to get home for a noontime quickie.

"That will have to do... for now." Tim closed his eyes and pictured himself leaning up against the kitchen table, gazing down into Holly's steely grey eyes as she sucked his cock. Already hard, he reached down and gave himself a squeeze.

"Where are you?" She asked.

"I've got a room at the Baronoff Hotel." It was a Juneau landmark, just around the corner from the Red Dog Saloon. Both establishments dated back to Alaska's gold rush.

"Nice... wish I was there with you." She smacked her lips to make the point.

"You're reading my mind," Tim said. "You up for a little something over the phone?" It was a hopeful request.

She was about to answer when Dirk came into the kitchen, grabbed his beer and nearly drained it. "Am I interrupting anything?"

"Who's that?" Tim asked.

She covered the mouthpiece and whispered, "It's Tim."

Dirk grinned and snatched the handset from her hand. "Timmy, how's it hanging?"

"Dirk?" He was surprised to hear his friends voice. "What are you doing there?"

Dirk laughed and punched the speaker button on the wall phone; now they could both talk to Tim. "Holly, I think your husband suspects that we're up to something." Dirk had a well deserved reputation as a ladies man, so it wasn't an unreasonable possibility.

"Just ignore him, Honey," Holly said. "I told you that I'd be helping Dirk make his tent. You know his sewing sucks."

"Hey, that was uncalled for," Dirk said. "Besides, I have rules; number one, no hitting on married women."

"Right," Tim said, "I know for a fact there are exceptions to that rule, but I'll spare Holly the details."

Holly laughed, and drained her beer. They were good friends and had spent many summer weekends camping up in the Adirondacks. She long suspected that Dirk's faithfulness to Marta was fleeting, but it was the first time she'd ever heard them talk about it openly.

"Let me rephrase that," Dirk said, "no hitting on my friend's wives."

"Much better," Holly said. "Thanks for the clarification." She pulled two more cold beers from the refrigerator and handed one to Dirk.

"Tim has a problem." She winked at Dirk and used her hand to give an imaginary cock several quick strokes.

"Really?" Dirk asked, grinning wildly. "Maybe you can help him out... with his problem." He held up his hand, palm facing Holly.

Holly felt a beer buzz coming on and couldn't resist returning Dirk's high five.

"Dirk, any chance you were just leaving?" Tim asked.

Dirk shook his head and grinned at Holly. "Timmy my boy, why don't you tell us what's got you so wound up."

Holly hadn't considered there might be more to Tim's call than his normal noontime lust. "Yeah Honey, I'd like to hear the answer to that."

"Do I have to?"

"Absolutely!" they said in unison, egging him on.

"It's nothing, just that I've been listening to users drone on, ad nauseam, about the project specifications for the system we're installing. Cut me some slack, I just needed a diversion."

Holly looked at Dirk and both shook their heads. "I'm calling bullshit Honey, there's something you're not telling us. Maybe you're sitting across from some cute young hottie."

"Fess up, Timmy," Dirk said.

"All right," Tim said, "her name is Silvia, but she's definitely not young. Her long hair is streaked with silver. It's kind of hard to tell exactly how old she is."

"Shit Tim, she sounds old enough to be your mother," Holly said.

"Tell me she's really hot," Dirk said, "I'm all ears."

"Well... she's slender and regal looking. I think she might be Native Alaskan, you know... like maybe Eskimo. She has a stoic beauty to her, with full distinctive lips... I don't think she wears any makeup."

Holly furrowed her brow. Just the mention of lips suggested where his interest lay. "So, an old lady with hot lips is turning you on. What the fuck Tim?"

"There's more, she gets passionate when she speaks, and her mouth opens wider and wider... and you can see a huge mouthful of pearly white teeth... it is very distracting."

Dirk roared with laughter.

Holly rolled her eyes. "No wonder you called, did you leave the meeting with a hard on."

"Fortunately I had my parka handy, but I did head straight for the hotel... and called you."

She couldn't resist teasing him. "Mmmm, so your situation has not resolved itself?" Holly drained her second beer and motioned for Dirk to get another.

Tim chuckled. "Remember? I'm the one who called you... looking for a little... um, relief."

"When do you have to be back to the meeting?" She took the beer from Dirk and clinked his fresh bottle. The thought of her husband's cock stuffed in Silvia's big mouth flooded her mind with carnal thoughts. She discretely squirmed forward in the chair until she felt the hard edge press into her crotch.

"I've got about an hour... if you're in the mood."

"Oh, I'm in the mood all right, but what about Dirk? Should I send him packing?" She winked at Dirk and shook her head.

"Your call Babe, if this was the other way around, I'd do it in a heartbeat."

"I see, so if Silvia was there with you, and it was me calling you for a little relief... you'd have her help out?" She had a playful note in her voice and motioned for Dirk to come closer.

Tim chuckled. "Could you blame me?"

"Nope," she said, glancing over to Dirk, "and now you've got Dirk chomping at the bit. Are you still hard?"

"Uh-huh, and ready to go, anytime you are."

Holly scooted up on the kitchen table and pulled Dirk towards her, opening up her legs to bring him close. Dirk was just over 6' tall, several inches taller than Tim, and definitely more muscled. She ran her hand over Dirk's massive pecs and stared into his steely grey eyes, unsure what to do next.

Dirk grinned and guided her free hand down to his cock.

She hesitated for a moment, and then gave it a squeeze. She returned his smile and said, "Mmmm, looks like Dirk's got some catching up to do."

Dirk unbuckled his belt. "Last chance to change your mind Timmy. I don't have to tell you what's about to happen."

"There's no turning back now," Tim said, stroking his hard cock, "go for it."

Dirk wasted no time letting his pants drop to the ground, and then pushed down his boxers to free his cock. "Oh yeah," he said, as Holly cradled his soft cock in the palms of her hands. He peeled off his t-shirt and flexed his muscles in response to the pleasure of her touch.

"What's the verdict?" Tim asked.

Holly was confused. She whispered to Dirk, "What's he talking about?"

Dirk held up both hands like he was measuring a fish, and then let them drift apart.

"Cute Tim, I'll let you know after I get him nice and hard... but somehow I think you already know the answer to that question."

Tim laughed. "Show him your tits, Babe; I know he won't be able resist those beauties."

Dirk wanted her hands right where they were, squeezing his cock, so he deftly unbuttoned her blouse and slipped it off her shoulders.

She leaned in and kissed his torso. She tried in vain to remember the last time she'd been this close to another man. Dirk's scent intoxicated her and she couldn't resist parting her lips to taste him. Heat rose from her loins as her unexpected lust for him grew. He unhooked her bra and tossed it aside. The long winter months had erased Holly's summer tan lines and her flawless alabaster skin erupted into two gorgeous globes, punctuated by her taut pink nipples.

Dirk cradled them gently and thumbed those hard nipples. "Oh Timmy, her tits are a work of art... so big and soft... and her nipples are rock hard."

"I know them well," Tim said, "suck on them for me."

Holly laid back on the table, keeping both hands on Dirk's stiffening cock as he bent over her. "Oh yeah Honey, I like where you're taking this," she said.

Dirk licked each nipple, making a slurping sound loud enough for Tim hear it.

Holly moaned. "Oh fuck, Dirk, that feels so good."

"Is he hard yet?" Tim asked.

Dirk tugged on her hard nipples with his lips, forcing a tiny gasp from between her lips.

"Almost," she said, barely audible.

"Go down on him," Tim commanded, trying to picture his friend's big cock in his wife's mouth. He spit in his palm and gave his own slick cock several long strokes.

She teased Dirk's nearly stiff cock with her tongue and then took him into her mouth. She'd had lots of practice on Tim and was able to keep from gagging as she took him deep into her snug throat.

"Oh my god," Dirk said as he watched his cock disappear between her wet lips.

She gazed up at him and pulled back until just her lips covered the head of his cock.

"Did you take him deep?" Tim asked.

She gave the head of his cock several quick licks and then smacked her lips. "Un-huh, just like whats-her-name, in that movie. Want me to do it again."

"Fuck yeah," Tim said.

"What movie?" Dirk asked.

Holly chuckled and licked her lips. "We were in New York a couple of months ago and Tim took me to see Deep Throat."

Her admission surprised Dirk. He had heard about the movie, but never seen it. He grinned down at her, eager to have his cock back down her throat. "So... you've been practicing on Tim."

She returned his grin and batted her eyes. She had indeed been practicing, but never in a million years did she expect to be trying it on another man's cock. She gazed into his eyes as she slowly slid his cock past her lips and down her throat until it was all the way in.

He felt the head of his cock slide into the tight confines of her throat. "Oh fuck," Dirk said, "that is so tight."

She tried her best to picture her husband stroking his cock as he directed her actions, but she couldn't tear her thoughts away from the big cock deep in her throat.

"Suck his balls," Tim commanded.

She kept her eyes locked on Dirk's as she slowly backed off his stiff cock. She pointed it north and licked all the way down his shaft, and then gently kissed one ball before sucking it into he mouth.

"She's doing it Tim, she's sucking my balls."

Holly sucked noisily, moving back and forth between them.

"Fuck Babe," Tim said, "I want to hear you cum."

Holly stood and grinned at Dirk. She held up two fingers and fluttered her tongue between them, leaving no doubt what she had in mind.

Dirk unbuttoned her pants and pushed them down to her ankles.

She kicked them off and scooted up on the table, and then spread her legs, revealing the narrow crotch of her lacy black panties. It had been months since her last bikini trim and her unruly thatch poked out in all directions. She slipped her fingers under the waistband of the panties and massaged her mound.

Dirk sat in the chair, his face just inches from the object of his desire, watching her fingers wiggling under the black panties. "You're not going to believe this Tim, she's- "

Tim completed his sentence. "- rubbing herself, and I'll bet you're drooling?"

Dirk laughed, but didn't take his eyes off Holly's crotch.

Up to this point, she rationalized flirting with Dirk as a performance for her husband, to turn him on. But rubbing her pussy changed her focus to Dirk, and now she was eager for more. It was time to get nasty. "Hey Tim, I think Dirk's ready to go down on me... Is that okay with you?" She lifted her hips, inviting him to peel off her panties.

"Anything you want Babe... anything you want." Tim wondered how much of this he could take before blowing his load. He eased up on his cock and listened intently.

Dirk peeled the panties off, slowly, and she opened herself up to his gawking stare. She used both hands to part her kinky pubes for him, exposing the inner lips of her glistening pink pussy. Dirk answered with a loud slurp as he licked the length of her wet gash.

She ran her fingers though the thick, black shock of curls on his head, and then locked her ankles around his neck to pull him in tight. "Mmmm," she cooed when he found her hard little nub, "just like that."

Dirk fluttered his tongue and sent her heart racing.

She bit down on her lower lip to stifle a gasp. Pleasure flowed though her loins, sending her to the brink of an orgasm. "Oh yeah... it feels so good... I'm so fucking close."

"Cum for me, Babe," Tim said, "I want to hear you get off. Make some noise."

She panted loudly, eager to please her husband. She tugged on her nipples, rolling them between her fingers. "Ohhh," she cried out as Dirk lashed her clit with the tip of his tongue. "Suck my pussy."

"Harder Dirk," Tim said, "she's almost there."

Holly moaned, loudly, and bucked her hips. Her breath came in short gasps and she cried out with each sharp intake of air. "Faster," she pleaded, pinching her nipples, grasping for an orgasm just beyond her reach.

"Do it baby, do it," Tim commanded.

Almost there, her breathing ceased, replaced by tiny grunts that coincided with each lash of Dirk's tongue. She sucked in one last breath, and then screeched, loudly. Her muscles tightened as a powerful orgasm took control, sending jolts of pleasure to every nerve ending in her body.

Dirk eased up and gently licked up and down her gash as wave after wave of pleasure coursed though her bucking body. He couldn't hold back any longer, so he stood, lifted her legs by the ankles, and then plunged his hard cock deep into her slippery cunt.

"Are you ready to fuck my wife?" Tim asked.

"Way ahead of you Timmy..." Dirk pumped her hard, lusting after his own orgasm. "She's so fucking tight..."

Holly chuckled. "Better hurry Tim, Dirk's fucking me like a madman and doesn't look like he'll last long."

Dirk grimaced and pounded her even harder.

"Sweet," Tim said, "just don't knock her up..."

Dirk furrowed his brow. "What??? No way... I'm not stopping now."

Holly wagged her finger in Dirk's face. "Pull out when you get close; I'll make it worth your while."

Dirk gritted his teeth and pumped her even harder, panting with each thrust. "Okay... okay... it won't be long now. How about you Timmy... are you getting there?"

"No problem," Tim said, "I'm right behind you."

Dirk's pounding cock was beginning to have an effect on Holly. Surprised she might get off again so quickly, she bit down on her lower lip and bucked her hips, matching Dirk stroke for stroke.

"Oh yeah," she cried, "fuck me... harder... harder."

Dirk pulled his cock out of her, gasping for breath. "Quick," was all he could manage to get out.

Holly instantly gave up on her quest for a second orgasm and dropped to her knees in front of Dirk. She sucked on the head of his cock, tasting the musky juices of her wet pussy.

"Oh fuck Holly, here it comes," Dirk cried out.

Tim couldn't hold back any longer and sent a shot of cum arcing high into the air. He watched it splat onto his chest. Between gasps, he managed to mutter, "I'm cuming."

Holly pulled away from Dirk and aimed his cock squarely at her face. "Stroke it, cum all over my face," she said.

Dirk grabbed his cock and momentarily choked off his cum. "You getting this Timmy?"

The last of Tim's cum leaked from the head of his cock. "Do it," Tim shouted, "paint her face for me."

The first rope of cum left the tip of his cock, heading directly towards her chin.

She squealed with delight and dipped her head to catch it with her open mouth. Too late! It splattered against her lower lip and dribbled down her chin, so she used her fingers to scoop his sticky goo into her mouth.

She flinched and closed her eyes just as then next rope splattered against the bridge of her nose. She could only feel the rest of his cum hitting her as he blasted shot after shot onto her face, nearly coating it with gooey white cum.

"Fuck Timmy," Dirk said, "I wish you were here to see this."

Holly giggled. "The Polaroid is just behind you, on the kitchen counter. How about it Tim, do you want a picture?"

"Fuck yes," came the reply.

Holly wiped the cum from her eyes and looked up into the camera, smiling. The flash from the bulb momentarily blinded her. The whirr of the motor ejected the undeveloped picture.

"Is one enough?" Dirk asked.

"How about one with your cock in my mouth?" Holly asked. "Is that okay with you Tim?"

"Oh yeah, I can't wait to see that," Tim said.

She leaned forward and sucked just the head of his cock into her mouth. Dirk inserted a fresh bulb. Click.

"Get one showing her tits," Tim commanded.

She leaned back and cupped her tits for the camera. Cum dripped from her chin and onto her tits. Click.

Tim was on a roll, directing the action. "And one with your cock inside her."

She hopped back up on the table and spread her legs. Dirk's softening cock didn't cooperate, and she had to use both hands to stuff it back into her cunt. She grinned for the camera and licked a gob of cum from her upper lip, and then stuck it out for the camera. Click.
