 "FASTER, EVAN, FUCK ME OHHHHHH PLEEASEEEE!" "MMMMMMMMMM, yes Evan fuck her hard and fast baby, for me, MMMMMMMMMMM" Jenny slams 3 fingers in and out of her wet hot pussy.  OHHH FUCKK BABY, I'M CUMMINGGGG YEAHHHHHHHHH," Evan screamed. "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, YESSSSSSSSSSS", cried Delia.  "MMMMMMMMMMMMMM", Jenny moaned cumming hard.

"Jenny, do you have tho…….."

"OH MY!!!"

Shanni could not believe her eyes.  Jenny was having phone sex! At work!  Shanni's hand went straight to her breast to rub a nipple.

Jenny was in the throws of the best masturbation session she ever had when Shanni walked into her office.  She couldn't believe how much she got turned on by listening to Evan fuck someone else.  She couldn't have stopped if Shanni came over and pulled her fingers out of her.  But that's NOT what Shanni did.  She walked over to Jenny, leaving the door wide open, knelt down in front of her and started licking around Jenny's fingers. Shanni took the phone from Jenny.  "Whoever you are, listen to this!" Shanni yelled into the phone.  She place the phone by Jenny's wet pussy and started sucking Jenny's cum. Flicking her tongue over her sensitive clit, then driving her tongue in to her pussy for more cum.  Jenny spread her legs as wide as she could; she loved to have her pussy eaten. Shanni had the longest and hottest tongue she ever felt, and it felt FANTASTIC!  

"Yes, Shanni, that's feels soo good."  

"MMMMMM, your cum taste as good as mine Jenny."  

Jenny moved her skirt up around her waist.  Shanni sucked hard on Jenny's clit.  "Shanni, pleaseee fuck me with that hot tongue of yours!" Shanni pulled away, looked Jenny in the eyes.  She saw eyes that she knew mirrored her own.

 " Jenny, I'll put my hot little tongue back in if you put yours in mine."

Evan turned the phone in his apartment to speaker mode. Listening to Jenny get her pussy eaten has turned him on so much that he started jerking his cock again.  Del replaced his hand with hers, squeezing the head and rubbing her thumb over the tip.  She slid three of her fingers into her still hot and wet box. Pushing them in deep as she pumped her hand slowly up and down Evan's hardening cock.  Listening to Jenny get her pussy sucked, made her want to taste her own pussy. She pulled her fingers out and started licking her fingers, one at a time.  Evan opened his eyes, turned towards Del.  Watching her long tongue going up and down, he pulled her fingers to his mouth with one hand and pushed her head down to his lap.  Del swallows Evan's semi hard cock all the way into her mouth, sucking gently as she cupped his balls with her free hand.  Sliding his cock out, keeping just the head in her mouth, she pulled up on his cock.  She sucked hard on the head as she wrapped her hand around the base, pumping her hand up and down. Rubbing her tongue in circles around his cock inside her mouth, Del felt him grow hotter and harder.

"OHH yeah, keep doing that baby, and I will be rock hard in no time!"  Evan could hear the slurping sounds of Jenny getting her pussy eaten.

Jenny stood up, waiting for Shanni to move to the chair.

"No Jenny, get on the floor and lie down."

Jenny pulled all her clothes off and lay down on the floor.  Shanni wiggled out of the tight mini dress she wore and stood completely naked over Jenny.  She placed her feet on each side of Jenny's head and slowly lowered her pussy over Jenny's face. She grabbed Shanni's thighs and pulled her closer, licking her pussy lips.  Jenny was surprised to taste Strawberry! Shanni moaned and went back to work on Jenny's pussy.  Jenny slid a finger into Shanni's wet pussy, while flicking her tongue in circles around the clit. Shanni did the same. Jenny sucked her clit into her mouth, pushing two fingers deep into her pussy. "MMMMMMMMMMM", Shanni moaned as she nibbled all around Jenny's clit. Jenny grabbed Shanni's ass and pulled her closer to her mouth, sucking harder, slipping a finger into Shanni's ass.

Ryan stood at the door.  It always made him horny watching females play with each other.  He knew first hand what Shanni's tongue could do, just thinking about it right now made his cock twitch.  Ryan walked over to the two naked hot bodies on the floor.  Knelt down behind Jenny and stuck his tongue deep into her ass.  Just as Ryan started pumping his tongue in and out of Jenny's ass, Shanni started swirling her tongue inside her. 

"OHHHHH Fuckkk "!  Jenny ground her pussy on Shanni's face harder and faster. She rubbed her chin up and down on Shanni's clit while she push 4 fingers deep into her. "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM", was all Shanni could moan out, besides spread her legs wider, for more. Jenny pulled her fingers out, closed her fingers tightly together and shove her fist back in.  Ryan removed his tongue and pants at the same time.  He rubbed his cockhead over Shanni's nose, then slid slowly into Jenny's ass.  Ryan started with slow long strokes. As Jenny pushed her ass back to take all of Ryan in her ass, her clit slid back and forth over Shanni's tongue. Shanni bounced her ass up and down on the floor, fucking Jenny's fist.  The room was filled with moans of hot pleasure and bodies slapping against each other.  

"OHHHHHH SHIT! Del, don't stop, suck me HARDER!" Del slid Evan slowly out of her mouth. While flicking her tongue around the head, she reached for the vibrator she fucked him with earlier.  Handing it to Evan, He turned it on high, licked it, the pushed the vibe slowly into Del's ass.  Del swallowed Evan back in with a loud MMMMMMMMM.  The faster Evan fucked her with the vibe, the faster and harder she sucked his cock.

"Jenny your ass is so tight!  I can fuck you all NIGHT YEAHHHHH", Ryan smacked Jenny's ass every time he buried his hard thick cock in her ass deep.

Shanni's pussy gripped Jenny's fist, her body shaking from a powerful orgasm.  Shanni tighten her lips around Jenny's clit and shook her head from side to side.

'OHHHHHH FUCKKK YESSSSSS OHHH CUMMMMING, IM CUMMMMMINNNNGGGGGGGGGGGG"

Kelvin, the mail clerk, had forgotten all about the mail in his hands as he watched the fuckfest on the floor in the room, rubbing his crotch as fast as Ryan was ramming Jenny's ass.  He thought, 'Damn, all those porn movies never prepared me for it to be this HOT live!'  Kevin couldn't wait to get back to the frat house, they would never believe him!!