 "Hi baby," I murmur, my thumb stroking back and forth across your lips. 

"H...hi..." you answer, your words still punctuated by his fucking. 

"Are you having a good time?"

"Y...y...yes...."

I slip my thumb into your mouth and feel you swirl your tongue around it, the pressure of your lips wrapping around and sucking it insistently, your eyes still looking up at me. 

"Do you want to suck my cock while he fucks you?" I ask, taking my own hand off my throbbing shaft and holding it out toward your mouth. 

"Oh...oh yes...." 

"Do you want to have my cock stuffed in your mouth while his is stuffed in your pussy?"

"Ohhh...yes...yes...."

I brush your cheek with the thick head of my cock, teasing you with it.

"Do you want to be fucked from both ends like a dirty, dirty little slut?"

You gasp as he thrusts deep inside you, bottoming out in your wet cunt to emphasize my question. "Oh god...oh...oh god yes...please...please...."

I take a step back, watching and listening to you beg for it while I strip out of my shirt and pants. You whimper the words out as he pounds you, never taking your eyes off of mine while you beg and plead and moan for me to put it it your mouth, to fuck your mouth, to fill you up from both ends like a dirty little whore....

"Please...please put it in my m...my mouth...please put it in mmmmmm..." you moan as I slide the fat head between your lips and across your tongue and up against the back of your mouth as your lips close tight around the shaft. You continue to moan as I start to thrust my hips against your face, dipping it in and out of your pretty mouth, finding a rhythm with the rocking of his hips against your ass. Our hard cocks pump in and out of you, loving every inch of your mouth and pussy, thrilling in the sight of your beautiful naked body between us. Delighted by the thought of you being pleasured from both ends, my cock pulses and throbs in your mouth, the head swelling against your throat. 

"You like that, you little slut?" he demands, not waiting for your muffled answer. "You like taking both our dicks, don't you.... You like having your pussy used like a whore while you suck a hard dick with your little slut mouth... You like being fucked hard in your slutty little holes till you moan and squeal and cum.... Cum for us, you little whore. Cum for us both. Cum on my cock while he fucks your mouth, you little fucking slut...."

I watch your brow furrow and your fingers curl as you gag a little and make a horny little sound around my shaft as you cum hard around his cock. I pull out of your mouth, and you gasp hard and put your head down on the bed while your body clamps down around him. He holds it deep in you, firm and hard inside your pussy, riding out your orgasm till the spasms cease and your back muscles visibly relax in front of us. 

He pulls out of you with a smile and says, "Let's switch." I smile back and climb up onto the bed. Your back arches as you hold your ass up high for me, pointing your shiny wet pussy right at my bobbing hard cock. You whimper as I place the fat head against your hole, still slick from your mouth, then moan loudly as I stuff it all the way in with one long thrust. Your next moan is muffled by his cock as he puts it in your mouth, and we start the rhythm back and forth with your body between us, bouncing you back and forth between our long hard cocks.

"You like having your little pussy double-dipped by two cocks?" 

You moan "mm hmm" around his dick.

"You like us taking turns with your pussy and your mouth?"

"Mm...mm hmmm"

"You like having two men fuck you?"

He sticks his dick all the way in your mouth, pressing your face against his body and causing you to choke a little, pulling out so you can breathe. You keep moaning while you gasp for breath, my cock still plunging in and out of your tight, wet cunt, my hips bumping hard against your upturned ass as I fuck you. I bend down over your body, putting my head close to yours and grabbing a fistful of your hair to pull your ear up to my mouth. I whisper what a good girl you are, how good your hot little pussy feels around my cock, how pretty your lips looked wrapped around both our cocks. I tell you to reach out and jack off your neighbor's big dick, to look up and him with my fingers in your hair and beg him to cum all over your little slut face. I tell you to say please.

I hold your head back while you beg for him. I watch your watery eyes looking up at him while you beg for him to cum, your small hand and fingers wrapped around his fat cock, jacking it off ludely in front of your face. Finally he groans loudly, and his cockhead swells and starts spurting cum all over your mouth and lips, causing your pussy to shudder around my cock. I feel your orgasm milking me, and the sight of his dick shooting all over your pretty face caused my own cum to explode inside you.... My cock throbs and throbs deep inside you, and I watch your eyes roll and close tightly as you cum hard around my shaft, his dick still in your hand, his cum dripping from your lips. My own cum fills you up and leaks out of your pussy lips around my cock, your little muscles squeezing me over and over again. While your orgasm subsides, he smiles and pulls his clothes on, then walks out without a word. We're left together on the bed with my still hard cock buried deep in your upturned pussy, cum running down your cheeks and the inside of your thighs.

I whisper what a good girl you are again in your ear. My erection refuses to subside, and I can't wait to catch my breath and keep fucking your cum filled pussy. I love making my girl cum all night long and then some, and if I feel like she's been extra good, help is just a phone call away....