 I've been a professional photographer and owner my own studio for just over ten years. In order to attract new business, I began what is called "Boudoir photography". For those of you who aren't aware of what that would involve, it usually consists of a curious woman who wants to take revealing portraits for herself or a significant other. I wasn't aware of how many people in my area would be interested in these types of photographs. During the sessions, I had a few customers ask if I did videos as well. Initially, the answer was no. However, after numerous requests, I expanded my craft to include "Boudoir videos". I found that most people wanted that kind of work done within their homes. Therefore, I had to expand with the times and take my work on the road. 

I received a request for boudoir photographs from Ms. Sandra H. She's an outgoing young woman who works as a store manager in the local Super Store. Upon arriving at her home, which she shares with Mark, her fiancée, I received a warm greeting. She insisted that I call her Sandy. Sandy and I sat in her airy kitchen where she prepared some coffee and began explaining that the photographs were an anniversary gift. Sandy had specific ideas and poses. She thought she should run them past me before we started. Her ideas were a little unusual and definitely fell within the realm of the erotic. However, I agreed and she escorted me into the bedroom so that I could set up my equipment. 

Sandy entered the room wearing a robe and carrying adult toys. She arranged the bed and I discretely arranged the lighting equipment along with the equipment the crotch of my pants. I suggested a few practice shots with her robe on to give us both a chance to get comfortable with the setting. Even before she removed her robe, I could see that she was more endowed than I had suspected. After approximately twenty minutes, we took a break and chatted. That's when Sandy openly revealed that she wanted some of the photos to appear as if she were having intercourse with another man. Sandy confided in me that it was her fiancée's fantasy to see her having sex with another man. She didn't mind his fantasy because she secretly desired it as well. Only her profession and personality didn't afford her the opportunity to act on that fantasy. She related that she trusted me through my reputation and had thus far been very satisfied with my level of service.  

After our brief respite, we returned to the makeshift photo studio and began the actual session. Gradually, Sandy opened her robe revealing her smooth, milky skin. She was shy at first but warmed up to me and the camera like a pro. After several teasing poses were completed, the poses became more graphic. Nipples and pubic hair became prevalent with each feminine pose. Hand placement became critical and most arousing. I knew she saw the erection I was sporting in my loose fitting trousers but I maintained a professional demeanor. After a sufficient selection of shots had been taken, Sandy broke out an ethnic dildo. The dildo was as dark as I but put me to shame in length and girth. 

Sandy appeared uncomfortable as she explained, "In my fantasies, I am being penetrated by my, Mandingo". She blushed as she felt the need to apologize again and again. 

I just replied with, "Sandy, it was toys like that one that kept me in demand during my college years." 

My humorous response brought a smile to her face and visible relaxation to her voluptuous body. It had been determined that my shots would not reveal that the adult toy was just a prop. The photos would have to show her face and appear as though a man, a "Black man" was pleasuring her. 

The shots included oral, which were not a problem. The rear entry shots were a little trickier. I must admit that some of my repositioning of the prop while it was protruding from her orifice may have been unnecessary. But, I think we both enjoyed the hell out of it. Our final poses consisted of her lying on her back and fully inserting the prop into her now obviously juicy pussy. I did the best I could to achieve the objective but from the sensuous, pre-occupied look on her face, I didn't think it mattered. 

We collected ourselves and proceeded into the living room where I arranged for a viewing of our digital endeavor. Sandy sat on the couch with a fresh cup of coffee, wearing only her robe and crossed her legs. The view of her leg through her partially open robe was breathtaking. I had suddenly become a "leg man". I stood next to the screen as an instructor to a captivated classroom of students. As each photo appeared on the large plasma screen, one more erotic than the next, I could tell she was pleased with what she was viewing. The look on her face and the way she re-crossed her legs indicated something was amiss in her nether region. We discussed a possible future project involving video as she prepared a check. Sandy expected that Mark would love the photos and acquiesce to her request for a video. We exchanged eye contact and mischievous smirks as I departed the residence.

A week later, Sandy contacted me relating that Mark had indeed loved the photos. According to Sandy, the only problem Mark would've had with the session was if in fact someone was having sex with her, he wanted to have been there. It seemed to me that Sandy expressed that statement with a hint of glee in her voice. Sandy also related that Mark had agreed to participate in her proposed video project. Sandy and I then scheduled an appointment that Mark could attend. I agreed to meet with them at their residence so that we could get started immediately once the terms were set. 

I arrived at the residence and was greeted by Mark. We shook hands and he immediately began praising my work. I was escorted into the living room where Sandy was enjoying a drink. Mark offered me a refreshment while he prepared one for himself. I graciously declined and prepared to get down to business. Mark then ran the photo session as a slide show on their large screen television. Each erotic shot of his lovely Sandy was clicking across the screen while we discussed his critique of the poses. Mark took great care in describing the graphic situations he wanted me to capture. His primary concern was capturing Sandy giving him oral pleasure. Displaying the previous shots and discussing them with me was an effective way of making me aware that he was comfortable with the proposed graphic scenes. Sandy appeared pensive. Almost as if she was scheming at the opposite end of the room. It wasn't until later that I discovered what Sandy had in mind. Sandy was allowing Mark and me to get better acquainted before she put her scheme into action. 

Upon completion of our discussion, everyone was clear on the graphic nature of the anticipated video. The terms were agreed upon and Mark exited the room. Sandy remained behind to allegedly escort me with my equipment to the bedroom. 

Sandy used that opportunity to state, "I would consider it a tremendous favor if you would participate in the action once the video is completed." 

With my immediate meltdown, I didn't quite know how to respond. Sandy then reminded me, "It's Mark's fantasy to watch me having sex with another man." Sandy also stated, "When the time is right, I'll give you a signal." 

I just mumbled, "We'll see."

Sandy and Mark returned wearing their appropriate attire and waited for me to give them their cue. Once again, we took a practice run through a few positions so that we could all get comfortable. After a short break where the final details were discussed, I prepared the camera and gave them the signal. 

The erotic vignette began with Mark entering the bedroom wearing his bathrobe. Sandy was sitting on the bed in her negligee reading a book. He began kissing her on her ankles and working his way up her inner thighs. He then forcefully stretched her out onto the bed, opened her gown to reveal her breasts and plunged his face between her legs. Once a close up of the oral gratification was obtained, he kissed way up her body to her nipples. I moved back for a wider angle to capture his stiffening male member dangling out of his robe and trailing up her leg. Close ups of Mark sucking and licking Sandy's nipples looked excellent through the camera's viewfinder. As planned, Mark then moved up and gave Sandy some passionate kisses. 

After a few moments, Sandy took charge and pushed Mark onto his back. I was able to position myself just in time to film Sandy straddling Mark and adjusting his male member until it was nestled neatly in the crack of her ass. That view was obscured when Mark reached up and gently slid her sheer gown off her shoulders allowing it to fall onto his legs. As he massaged her breasts, it was obvious that true emotion was flowing between them. Sandy leaned down and gave Mark a deep kiss. Her kisses and probing tongue moved slowly down his torso stopping at his stiff cock. Sandy began working her magic on his cock. She had definitely perfected the art of fellatio. I now knew why Mark wanted to make sure Sandy's mastery of providing oral pleasure was captured on film. I could watch that for years to come myself. Sandy's saliva coated Mark's genitals, which were devoid of hair. At that point it was obvious that Mark had temporarily taken up residence on, "Cloud 9." 

Sandy then used her index finger to beckon me to join the action and pointed to her ass, which was raised in the air. Initially I was hesitant but I mentally referred to our discussions during the planning phase. I placed the camera on the tripod and removed only my pants. I positioned myself behind Sandy and pulled my throbbing tool and testicle sack through the slit of my boxers. My stiff dick easily slipped between the folds of skin due to the ample amount of natural lubrication supplied by Sandy. I watched my cock slowly disappear inside her. I could feel every ridge of her tight love canal as I entered. Once I obtained full penetration, my rhythm quickened. I held on to her waist and gave her full and steady thrusts. With each stroke her juice matted my pubic hairs and dampened my boxers. 

I was nearing my peak when the sound of my body slapping against Sandy's ass and Mark reaching his peak distracted me. I slowed my pace, opened my eyes and observed Mark's body tensing up. Sandy began rolling Mark's cock across her cheek and lips. She was lovingly controlling the expulsion of his ejaculate onto her cheek and lips. It was at that moment that I realized the difference between making love and having sex. Despite the sensations in my loins, I was doing the latter and felt like I was intruding. I quickened my pace as not to fall too far behind Mark's completion. I completed a few more full strokes within that tight, wet, pulsating canal and erupted. I released my firm grasp of Sandy's waist, watched my dick slowly regress from Sandy's moist crevice and stepped back to catch my breath. I then observed my liquid release leaking down Sandy's thigh. Yes, I admit that I was quite pleased with myself. 

As Mark was rising from the bed, I returned my manhood to my boxers and began gathering my equipment. Mark proceeded to the bathroom without a word. Sandy sighed and stretched out onto the bed. 

She interrupted my packing by asking me to come over to the bed. I stepped closer and she stated, "I wanna taste it." 

Before the gears in the big head could turn, Sandy reached into my boxers and pulled out the little head. I felt my flaccid penis sliding past her wet lips and touching the back of her throat. 

The subsequent growth was stunted by Mark's return. Mark paused and appeared to visually scan Sandy's body from the tip of her toes to her mouth that was currently engulfing my penis. Mark opened his rob and started massaging his cock until it was fully erect. I remained frozen in time and space. I was unable to achieve a full erection and unable to turn away. As if watching a porno film, I stood there watching until Mark yanked his load across Sandy's ass and back. Mark had pleasured himself to exhaustion and fell across the bed. Sandy allowed my cock to slip out of her mouth and rolled toward Mark. In the midst of their cuddling, I determined that an immediate, "Exit, stage right" was in order for me. I grabbed my pants and equipment and headed for the door. 

As I exited the room, Sandy eased off the bed and grabbed her gown. I slipped on my pants as she put on her gown and moved toward me. 

Sandy whispered, "Thank you and reminded me about my fee." 

I found myself strangely aroused by the pungent aroma of sex emanating from Sandy and her shapely figure through that sheer gown, which was daintily being held closed by one hand. I related that she could drop off the check at my studio after they viewed the project. After all, if they didn't pay, I wouldn't have exactly felt cheated or wanted to explain that transaction in small claims court. I also related that if they weren't satisfied with the video, I would gladly schedule a re-take. There were those mischievous smirks again as I exited and scurried for the sanctuary of my car.

Although I never did business with Sandy again, I was promptly paid in full and had many referrals as a result of our pleasant encounter.