 It's been a little while since I've heard from you. My quiet evening at home has been interrupted several times with thoughts of the last time we saw each other. Those thoughts of you have been keeping me warm on this cold winter night, and I can't wait until the next time I get to see you. I can't focus on anything I'm doing: the tv can't hold my attention...the only thing I want to think about is how your eyes look when I touch you. I can't shake the image of you laying back on my couch, my left hand rubbing between your legs, and my right hand working its way down your chest into your shirt. You looked down at my hands, watched them touch your body, watched me undo your pants and look at your pussy and touch it with my fingers, watched me reach into your shirt and rub your hard nipples and fondle your breasts. You looked up at me with beautiful, watery eyes, gasping openmouthed, and I looked down at you and feasted my hands on your body exactly like I wanted....looked into your eyes and felt the wetness between your legs. You look so pretty when I touch you. My girl...my sweet girl....

How could I have known that, at that moment, you were also thinking about me. My cellphone rings, and I see the pretty picture of you that I love. It's one in the morning, so at first I'm a little worried. Hoping nothing is wrong, I answer. 

"Hello?" 

I can't hear anything at first, then in the background I notice some slight rustling, like something shifting back and forth, then your voice....

"H...hi..."

"Hi baby...everything ok?"

"Y...yes..." The rustling sound continues steadily in the background, and I start to think I can hear a very slight creaking, like something rocking back and forth.

"Are you having a good night, sweetie?" 

"Ye...yes. Mm...my...my neighbor invited me over..." Your breathing is heavy, and I'm starting to think you might be masturbating. My free hand idly begins to move in my lap. 

"Oh yeah? Did you have a good time?"

"I did...I did...I...um....we....um..." The rustling and creaking sound gets louder as you pause, breathing heavily into the phone. "W...we...he...oh...oh god...he...he's...he's fucking me....ungh...now...oh...ohh god he's fucking me right now...."

My breath catches in my throat as I realize what's happening. The rhythmic sounds intensify, and I listen to you gasp and whimper from what can only be his cock thrusting into you. Then a male voice adds itself in the background.

"Tell him...tell him exactly what's happening to you..."

My cock strains inside my pants, and I can barely breathe as you start to talk again, your words punctuated by his fucking. "Oh...oh god...I'm on my back...mm...mm...my legs are spread...oh god...oh god...he's...he's holding them...and fucking me...oh he's fucking me so good...ohhh god..."

My cock is already throbbing in my hand. I can't help squeezing it, feeling my pulse pounding through the thick shaft. I know you can hear me breathing harder and harder through the phone as I listen to my perfect slut moan for me through the phone. When my head clears enough, I take a deep breath and start to talk back to you.

"Oh honey...does it feel good?"

"Ohhh fuck...yes...yes it feels so good..."

"Tell me what feels good, sweetie..."

"His...mm...oh...his cock..."

"Where's his cock at, honey?"

"Ohhhh fuck...it's...it's in my...my pussy...ungh...it's in my pussy so deep...fuck..."

I hear him talking again, but I can't understand him this time. My cock throbs in my hand when you start to talk again.

"Mm...yes...yes I am...god yes...I am a little slut..."

I lean back and picture how you must look, laying back with the phone to your ear, him pounding in and out between your legs.

"Oh...oh...oh yes...he...he wa...he wants you to...oh fuck...he wants you to watch..." I hear the telltale sounds of you cumming, a hard gasp and the slightest little squeal as I imagine his cock plunges deep into your hot, tight little pussy. "My door is unlocked...oh please hurry," you beg, as I hear him tell you to bend over just before the phone clicks off.

The walk out to the parking lot seems to take hours. My shoes crunch on the nighttime grass in a rhythm that my mind translates into the deep thrusting of the hard cock against your bent over ass. As I pull out onto the street, I can't help playing with myself some more. My fingers grasp firmly at the material of my pants, wrapping around my erection as I drive, the streetlights flashing by in their own tantalizing regularity. I imagine your perfect round ass sticking up in the air, waiting for him to put his cock inside. I imagine his hands running down your back as he puts it in you, pushing the full length to the hilt and pulling back on your hair as he bottoms out in your dripping wet cunt. I imagine your moans as he starts to plunge it in and out of you from behind. I rub my hard cock through my pants knowing that soon, I wouldn't have to imagine any of it anymore.

On my way up the steps to your apartment, my imagination plays tricks with my ears. All the normal nighttime sounds turn to sex with each step upward, closer to the scene I shouldn't want to see, but deeply do. I start to knock on the door to your apartment, then stop myself and just reach for the knob. It turns easily, and I step inside, closing the door behind me. For a second, I stand and listen, and my ears are rewarded with the same sounds I heard on the phone. I follow the creaking sound to your bedroom, and as I get closer I can distinguish your little whimpers and his low voice. The bedroom door is closed, and for a few seconds I stand outside and listen to the dirty sounds from inside, feeling my cock swelling down the leg of my pants. Then, when I can't stand it anymore, I open the door.

You're both on the bed facing the door. You're bent over just like I imagined. He's hunched over your naked body, his hips humping against your upturned ass. He's reaching around to rub your tits with one hand, and I can see how hard your nipples are. 

The first time I see your eyes, it's when he pulls your head up by a fistful of hair, and your glowing, panting face is pointed toward the doorway. Through the strands of hair hanging down over your face, I see your pretty eyes glittering with pleasure and excitement as you notice me standing there. You know you're fully exposed, naked with his cock thumping in and out of your pussy. He's fucking you right there in front of me. I'm watching you get fucked, and I know you can see how hard I am from the bulge in my pants. I start to rub it as he murmurs in your ear.

"See him watching you?"

"Yes..." you gasp and moan.

"You like him seeing what a little whore you are?"

"Oh yes..."

"You like looking up at him while I have my big cock inside your wet little pussy?"

"Oh god yes..." You bury your pretty face in the sheets and moan, your hands grasp the sheets into two tight bunches, and I notice the telltale tightening of your body when you cum. My own cock stiffens to full hardness and I have to open my pants to let it stand out from my body, feeling it bob up and down with excitement, thinking about your tight little cunt throbbing and cumming around his unfamiliar shaft. 

I slip out of my pants and walk to the bed, reaching down to lift your head by the bottom of your chin. Your pretty, watery eyes roll up at me. I feel the panting breaths from your open mouth on my arm, and I relish the thought that he is still buried all the way deep inside you. My thumb inadvertently slips up and over your bottom lip, stroking back and forth as he starts, slowly, to resume the rocking of his hips against your naked, upturned bottom....

End Part I: To be continued