 After a long day of classes, I returned to my dorm room to find yet another boring, uneventful day. My girlfriend, Jen, was 350 miles away and I hadn't had sex in over 2 months. My dick was throbbing, waiting to feel a nice warm, wet pussy. Unfortunately, I was loyal and would never cheat on my woman. Or would I? 

Each and every night I would spend hours jerking off to our home made porns. My sexual tension had reached a peak and jerking off just didn't cut it anymore. I tried explaining this and arranging a visit with Jen, but the time wasn't right; I had to wait another month or so before I would be able to get some T and A. 

Later that night on the phone, Jen felt at fault for my discomfort and wanted to help me feel better, so she asked in her sexy voice, "What would you do if some skinny, blonde chick with big tits and a mini skirt knocked on your dorm door right now?" Thinking this was her way of initiating phone sex, which was quite common in their long distance relationship, I went along with a story that would most definitely leave her breathless, moaning my name into the receiver.

"I'd open the door and tell her to come in," I began, "as soon as she was over the threshold, I'd slam the door shut and push her up against it. With my hand on her neck, I'd say, 'Listen, you can scream and be hurt more than you could ever imagine, or you can shut the fuck up and enjoy this.'

Turning her around, I held her wrists above her head while pressing her harder against the door. Pulling her ass out and her mini skirt up revealed a bare, dripping and smooth cunt. Feeling my cock strain in my jeans, I slid my fingers down her slit and started massaging her clit. After she started moaning, I moved my hand lower and slid three fingers into her wet pussy. 

As I did this, I'd whisper in her ear, 'You are going to be so sore by the time I'm done with you, slut.'

With that, I got on my knees and brought my mouth closer to her wet hole. Breathing in the scent, wishing it was your pussy I was breathing. Closer and closer, the smell becomming more and more intoxicating, until I reached the tip of my tongue out and tasted her. It's like a drug and I'd lap at her as if I had been starved for years. She was moaning and trembling now and all I was thinking was how great this pussy tasted and how wet it was going to feel, wrapped around my nine inch cock. After her orgasm ended, I'd stand up and turn her around, pushing her on her knees. I'd pull her shirt up over her head to reveal large tits with rosy pink nipples. I'd reach down and squeeze them with both my hands, feeling their pert fullness. My cock, stirring in my pants, would have her attention by now as she would be mesmerized by its outline in my jeans. I'd lean down slightly and take one of her nipples into my mouth, biting, and then the other. Not being able to contain myself any longer, I'd undo my jeans and let my raging hard on free. Grabbing it by the base of the shaft, I'd smack her on the face with it.

'Open wide, you dirty whore. I'm about to make you a comeslut. When I'm done with you, your throat is going to be throbbing and you'll be covered in my sticky load. Just as a cock sucking bitch should be. Now, open wide.'

With fear and excitment in her eyes, she'd open her mouth and let me jam all nine inches in one, swift stroke down her throat. Bucking my hips, I'd fuck her throat harder than I would ever fuck yours, Jen. She'd be choking on my massive cock, trying not to throw up, but also trying not to fail at her duties of becoming my personal comeslut. My cock would start to jerk and knowing I'm about to come, I'd pull out and shoot my load all over her face without warning. I'd massage my still-hard cock all over her face, rubbing my cream into her skin. Her face would be completely covered in my come. Before I'd be able to take the time to admire in my work, there would be another knock at the door. There you'd be, all 5'0", 120ibs and DD breasts of you, standing in my doorway. Before I could say anything, you'd on your knees in front of her, licking my come off her face and rubbing your hands all over her tits and pussy. 

After licking every last drop, you would begin to make out while I stroked myself. Somewhere in between you first walking in and making out, you'd get completely naked. Showing off your pale complexion and also-bare pussy. Moving into a 69 position, you would climb on top of her and both start licking up eachothers juices, getting wetter and wetter with every second. As soon as I was hard again, I'd grab the blond bitch by the hair, throw her on the ground and start fucking her doggy style. She'd have no choice but to take my massive cock, stretching apart her nice, slippery hole. Deeper and deeper it'd go, reaching places she'd never known existed before. While I fucked her, you'd be kneeling in front of her, massaging your tits, touching yourself and licking your own juices off of your fingers, just like the slut I trained you to be. After a while, the whore I was fucking started feeling dry, so I pushed her out of the way, put my hand around your head and pushed you to the floor, fucking you in the missionary position. My weight was on you, all of my body keeping you in place as I would fuck you harder than I have ever fucked before. You would yelp in pain when I went too deep, driving me to continue going as hard and deep as I could. I'd turn you over on your stomach and make the other girl straddle you so I could fuck you and make out with and squeeze the blond slut's tits. The perfect fuck. Both of you would be moaning my name, along with other sexual things. Begging me to fuck you harder and harder. After an hour of fucking and needing to bust my load, I'd stop, stand up and tell my bitches to come clean me up. Crawling to me on your knees, you would both start worshipping my cock with your mouths and tongues, waiting for my warm come to cover you so you could lick it off each others' faces." 

"Did that make your pussy soaking wet for me, babe?" I asked my girlfriend, still on the other line, breathing deeply after her orgasm.

"You know it did, lover boy. I'm sorry that I can't help you get rid of your sexual frustration any better than this; I wish there was something I could do for you." She said.

*Knock, knock*

"Uh, hold on, babe," I said while trying to get my hard on back into my boxers, "Someone's at the door."

Before I opened the door, I heard my girlfriend say, "Enjoy baby. Let me know how it was after." and the line went dead. As soon as it did, I opened the door and there, standing in front of me, was a slutty looking blond with big tits and a mini skirt with a knowing grin on her face.