 Gina walked into the women's restroom to the very familiar sound of yelling.

"I don't care what day it is, I need to those reports finished! You better find a way to drag his ass into the office and get them done!" The woman in the bathroom was standing in front of the bathroom sink with a cell phone held to her ear. "That's right, you better thank me!" With that she angrily thumbed her phone off and returned it to a well-worn leather clip at her waist. She turned to Gina. "Good morning," she said as pleasantly as a happy 5-year-old.

"Morning, Helen," Gina replied, but stifled further conversation by moving straight for a bathroom stall to evacuate the triple mocha latte she had needed an hour earlier to wake her up on this miserable Saturday morning.

In the stall, Gina heard Helen busy herself at the sink for a few moments and then pause. Even though the rustle of Helen's blouse could not really be heard above the ambient noise of the bathroom, Gina thought she could see and hear Helen reach for her phone. Sure enough, a second later Gina heard the fastest thumb on the east coast dial up a number so quickly that it almost sounded like one long tone.

"And another thing," she started as if she had never ended the previous conversation, "never call me sweetheart!"

Gina covered her laughter by flushing the toilet and leaving the stall. As she approached one of the adjoining sinks to Helen, she examined the woman for the first time that morning. She had only glanced at her upon entering the room, not wanting to encourage any conversation and already knowing who it was by the shrill tone of her voice, but now she took stock of how Helen Dafair dressed on a rare Saturday morning in the office.

As Gina had guessed, the tall woman was wearing a blouse, white and buttoned high to the color. She wore a narrow brown skirt that touched her knee with brown heels. Gina guessed that Helen's idea of casual was to leave the blazer that usually accompanied her suits at home. Gina wore a sweater and jeans.

Before meeting Helen a year ago, Gina had paged through the Victoria's Secret catalogues that came to her house like everyone else she knew did: with incredulity. The lingerie obviously sold well, but Gina was always amazed at the business clothes the magazine tried to sell. Maybe it was the fact that the models in that magazine would look sexy no matter what you dressed them in; or maybe it was the fact that the photographers forgot to tell the girls that they should have different looks on their faces when they wore business suits as opposed to when they were in their birthday suits; but whatever the reason, Gina – though she had the body for it – could never imagine any women in their right mind wearing those clothes to work.

To her, they screamed: "Treat me like a sex object! Ignore my brain or business skills and promote me because I'm hot!" And right now, standing next to her at the sink was living proof.

Helen flaunted her sexuality like it was a prize to be won by the manager who promoted her the fastest. Movies were filled with women who slept their way to the top of companies only to fire the ones who had put them there and then reveal the true bitch within. Helen was trying to mimic that style, obviously never having seen how the women in those movies usually turn out.

However, Helen had forgotten two important features of that strategy. The most important part of sleeping to the top was the actual sleeping. Helen had so far not been able lure any men into her web. The woman had many nicknames, but Gina had always preferred Black Widow. Though she had white creamy skin and the fakest platinum blonde hair you could find, the idea of her luring men back to her place, sleeping with them, and then devouring them afterwards seemed a very real possibility to Gina. Many of the men believed that her lack of success in the sexual game was probably due to that fact that there wasn't room for two in the coffin she usually slept in.

However, the real reason was her second failure in the movie strategy: don't reveal the fact that you are a bitch until the end. The favorite nickname for Ms. Dafair that the two men in their team used was Hell-on-DaPhone. Helen was always pleasant around the office, smiling to everyone, bringing in donuts, laughing at all of the guys' jokes, and trying to emulate the flirty, bubbly attitude of Gina and the other young women in the office. She might have gotten away with it if it weren't for the phone.

In person, Helen was as sweet as an angel. But on the phone, she had the instincts of a great white. She chewed people up and spat them out. Brian and Kevin, the two other members of their team, had told Gina that in the hallway during the week Helen would ask them how things were going and if they were going to get the reports done on time in the kindest way possible, and when they said they needed an extension, she would smile and see what she could do.

By the time they would get back to their desks, there would be a scathing voicemail waiting for them telling them to get the report done immediately. She was Jekyll and Hyde and the phone was her trigger.

"This will be a good meeting this morning," Helen started as she began to apply her mascara in the mirror. "I know you all hate coming in on Saturday, but I have to give the status update to the staff next Friday, and I want to make sure everything goes smoothly."

Gina just stared at her. It was true that Helen was the group leader. Her charm and looks did get her ahead for a while, but as soon as upper management saw her on the phone, her upward movement stopped for a while until she was transferred to another department.

"What are you doing?" Gina asked.

Helen paused with her mascara poised in her right hand. "What do you mean?"

"You call us into work on a Saturday, we are the only ones in the building, and you show up dressed like you are giving the presentation to the staff today! What is up with you?"

"Brian and Kevin are here too," Helen responded, a bit taken aback. "Maybe if it were just the two of us I could . . ." she briefly motioned up and down at Gina's sweeter and jeans – but Gina could see in the other woman's eyes that Helen did not own clothes like hers.

Gina didn't let her finish. "You think the guys will respond better to your orders if you look like a fashion model? Whether you wear a sweatsuit, a jumpsuit, or a bathing suit, the guys are going to get their work done the same."

"Brian's report!" Helen suddenly remembered. "He's supposed to have that ready by Monday. Do you think he will?"

Gina shrugged. "I'm sure he's waiting in the conference room right now. Why don't you ask him?"

Helen nodded. "I better leave him a voice mail, just the same."

"No!" Gina shouted immediately, but already the quick draw in front of her had the phone out and thumb poised. "Don't call him! Go talk to him!"

Helen laughed. "Of course I will, Gina. Don't get all upset. But this way he will have a friendly reminder when he gets in on Monday."

Now Gina laughed, though she didn't find it funny. "A 'Friendly' reminder? You never use you phone to be friendly. You laugh and smile with everyone in the office, and then spit venom at them through your fucking phone. We all hate it!"

"Well, what do you want me to do with it?"

"Shove it up your cunt!" Gina screamed and then stormed out of the bathroom. She caught her breath for a moment in the hall, her body tingling with the excitement of what she had just done. She didn't know if anyone had ever done that before.

People had tried, but after they received one of her vicious voicemails and stormed across the office to give her a piece of their mind, they were met by a blonde angel with a smiling face above a rack of cleavage that always made them stumble on their tirade. She would take the opportunity to ask if they got her message and if she would have what she needed by when she needed it. All they could do was stammer "Yes," and she would walk away, victorious again.

On there rare occasions Helen was yelled at (usually by a superior) she took it in stride and never let it faze her. In fact, if Gina had to guess now, Helen would walk into the conference room all smiles and just get down to work.

Brian and Kevin were there when Gina walked into the conference room, and there was a gift of donuts and coffee that Helen had undoubtedly deposited there earlier. In fact, she had probably been here for an hour already, checking email and leaving scathing voicemail for people to hear when they got in on Monday.

Brian and Kevin nodded at Gina, and she smiled back. She often went out with them after work for drinks, as they were all single. Nothing had ever happened, probably because she couldn't decide with which one of them she wanted it to happen. They were both good looking and athletic with sharp minds, but maybe it was best that they stay a group of three so they could better present a unified front against their common foe.

Speaking of the devil, Helen walked in a few moments later, looking as calm and confident as ever. Gina didn't even get a look from the tall blonde, and the group leader went right to work. She stood at the head of the long oval conference table that could seat 12, with her hands on the back of the head seat and smiled at her group. Brian and Kevin sat closest to her with one buffer seat each and Gina sat behind Brian.

"Thank you for coming in this morning. I know 8am on a Saturday is rough, but I think if we focus on what we need to do here we can be done by noon."

Brian rolled his eyes, trying not to think of being in this room for 4 hours. Helen noticed the look, and commented indirectly. "In fact, I don't want any of us to leave this room until we are done. No breaks, and maybe we can be done sooner. Okay?"

They all nodded. "Good. Now, before we get started, I want to go over a few numbers marketing gave me yesterday."

As she turned and walked a few steps to an easel that held some color graphs, Gina felt her phone vibrate in her pocket. She quickly pulled it out before Helen could hear and flipped it open.

Where's the phone?

It was a text from Kevin across the table. She looked at him, but he was looking straight ahead at Helen, nodding at what ever she was saying. What did he mean by that, she thought, but then she looked at Helen and saw that the holster that lived on her hip was empty. Everyone assumed Helen showered and slept with her phone. She had one of the new indestructible waterproof models, so anything was possible.

I told her to shove it, she thumbed into her phone and hit send.

Where? came the response a few second later.

Helen was looking at the group fully now, as she was in between charts, and Gina couldn't risk looking down to thumb her response. Instead she stared into Helen's brown eyes, trying to see into this horrid woman. Would she have actually put her phone where Gina had told her? Or did she just leave it in her purse with the rest of her makeup. Gina couldn't tell, so when Helen did turn back to the graphs, she responded on her phone: Call her.

Kevin still did not give in to look back at Gina, but she saw him shrug his shoulders and then pause. Gina muffled a laugh as she realized Kevin probably didn't know her number. Everyone hated listening to Helen's voicemails and talking to her on the phone, so no one in the company would voluntarily call her. But soon enough Kevin was able to scroll though his received calls to find one from Helen and hit reply.

About ten feet in front of the conference table, Helen was just turning back from her chart when she suddenly froze and her words got stuck in her throat. A look of dread crossed the blonde's face, and Gina's hand went up to her mouth quickly to hide her laugh. Helen had put the phone where Gina had told her and the stupid bitch had forgotten to turn it off first.

It was company policy that you were never allowed to turn your phone off, and that while in the office it was always to be on vibrate. Well, Helen's phone was on vibrate now, and it would not be easily turned off.

Helen composed herself quickly after the first pulsing was over, knowing that it would go off at least twice more before the call was sent to her voicemail. Her voice was as steady as she could make as she turned back to the graphs, but her knees were shaking. Brian didn't know what the problem was, but Gina and Kevin looked on as Helen struggled through the next two pulses which each only lasted a few seconds, but to Helen seemed to last an hour.

When the third one was finally over, Helen paused and caught her breath. Gina would have killed to know what was going through the woman's mind. She rarely got any calls, even during the week, so the odds that she would get one on Saturday morning, were miniscule at best. And now that that call was over, the chances that she would get another one were almost non-existent.

Helen seemed to come to the same conclusion and, with a deep breath, continued. Kevin did turn to look at Gina now, who still had her hand over her mouth giggling. He held up his phone so Gina could see and pressed "Call" again.

Helen nearly doubled over this time, her knees locked together and her breath came in gasps. It looked like she was trying to smother it, but Gina knew that would only make the vibrations more intense. And if she had left the stubby antenna of her phone sticking out for easy removal later it would now be angled up toward her clit, massaging the sensitive area nicely.

"I have to go," Helen mumbled between bursts from her phone.

"What?" Brian cried, not yet clued in on the game. "You said we aren't taking any breaks. We've only been here for five minutes. Keep going."

Helen endured the final pulsing of this second call as Brian scolded her. She was in no position to argue. With this latest improbable barrage over now, Helen tried to compose herself again, nodded, and turned back to the graphs.

Gina was snickering loudly now, but Helen had so much else on her mind that she wouldn't have noticed if a truck drove through the conference right now. Kevin held up his phone one more time, but Gina shook her head as tears rolled from her eyes in laughter. Kevin smiled back and finally folded his phone and put it in his pocket.

Brian turned to look at them in annoyance. It was bad enough that Helen was playing games, but these two also? He wanted to go home at some point today. Gina was laughing too hard to give any type of explanation, so she just handed him her phone. Brian scrolled through the text messages and then looked at Helen incredulously.

All three of them saw it now. There was a glistening trail of liquid slowly making its way down Helen's thigh. She tried to rub her legs together to quell the tickling sensation, but that only squeezed more juices out of the throbbing passion fruit between her legs.

Gina watched as Brian, who being the newest at the company, had probably taken the most grief from Helen over the past few months, exited out of her message screen and quickly scrolled through her directory.

"No," Gina whispered harshly, and tried to grab the phone away from him. Brian's arms were too long and he extended his arm, almost pointing at Helen, when he hit the call button.

Like a remote, Helen responded instantly, crying out in shock as her pussy came to life once more. She curled up again as she turned to look at them. She saw Brian holding the cell phone toward her like a magician casting a spell on his target. On cue the second vibration wave came, and all three of the onlookers watched as Helen orgasmed right there in the conference room. Her convulsions only intensified as the third wave of synthetic stimulation washed over her.

Helen was on her knees now, and a small puddle was forming on the hard carpet between her legs. "Please stop?" she begged, looking up at Brian. "Let me take it out."

Gina started to say something as well, but Brian stopped her. "No! She has used that phone to make us all suffer. Now it is our turn." He it the button again and Helen rolled on the floor, a mixture of agony and ecstasy flooding through her.

"Please stop," she begged again in between gasps after this latest session was over.

"You want more?" Brian asked, feigning that he has misunderstood her. He hit the button again.

This time she screamed as a second orgasm plowed its way from her torso up through her spin and out her open mouth. "I'll do anything!" she screamed. "I'll do anything you want!"

"What will you do?" Brian asked her.

"Anything you want," she replied, sitting on the floor in a puddle of her own juices. Her breasts were heaving under her white blouse and her brown skirt was turn sideway and soaking wet from her two intense orgasms.

"Not good enough," Brian said and his thumb reached for the button again.

"I'll suck your cock!" she cried.

Brian's thumb paused over the button. "Say it like you want to."

Helen was still on her knees, but she straightened and slowly unbuttoned her blouse. "I will suck your throbbing cock," she said as she pulled off her blouse and tossed it in the corner of the room.

"Take off your bra too and come over her," Brian ordered.

Helen hesitated and Brian hit the button again. After a third orgasm. Helen obediently reached back and undid the bra. Her breasts were full and erect, heaving from exhaustion. She no longer had a will of her own. With Brian's finger over the button she would do anything he wanted.

She crawled toward him now, her legs too week to support her, her breasts swaying between her arms. Brian opened his jeans in one easy motion with his free hand and his erect cock sprang free. Even in Helen's entranced condition, her eyes were able to show hunger.

"Not so fast, bitch," he said as her open mouth got closer. He reached back to the box of donuts on the table and removed a cream filled longjohn. Finding the hole in which they injected the cream, he smoothly slid the pastry over this relatively straight erection. The donut split in several places and white cream ozzed out over the length of it, but it stayed mostly in tact.

"We've all eaten one too many of your poisoned donuts. Now it is time for you to eat one . . . off my dick!"

Helen didn't hesitate and her mouth moved for the treat. As soon as Brian saw her lips roll back to bare her teeth, he held the phone in front of her as a warning. If I feel a tooth against my cock, I will rip your pussy apart with this phone."

Helen nodded mutely, and lowered her upper lip and extended her tongue. She spent a short while licking off the cream that had squeezed out of the pastry, caressing the donut sensually with her tongue. Brian ached in anticipation and was soon rewarded as Helen mashed into the donut with her lips curled over her teeth to reveal his throbbing cock that was already starting to ooze its own cream.

Kevin looked on in amazement, hardly believing what was happening. He was rock hard now, and could only imagine what it might feel like for Brian to have the donut slowly peeled off his dick with Helen's long, slow tongue cleaning it up and down. He glanced over at Gina to see her reaction, and didn't see her at first. The other woman in the room had pushed her chair away from the table so she was no longer behind Brian and had rolled to a good side vantage point of the action.

Gina didn't see Kevin looking her way because her eyes were fixed on Helen's mouth. The phone tyrant's tongue was slurping up the cream that seemed to be everywhere, and while it was probably as much salty precum as pastry filling at this point, in Gina's mind it was all sweet nectar. Absent mindedly her left hand had found the button atop her tight jeans, and her right hand fingers slid inside her underwear. She had been planning to go to a club later that evening, and put on a thong first thing in the morning, not knowing how late the meeting would go and if she would have time to change. She thought she looked better in her jeans with out panty lines. Now the stringy thong gave her plenty of flexibility to send her fingers in search of her moist pussy.
