 My knee hurt. Sliding into home to score the winning run, I could hear a popping sound from my right knee. I limped off the field and went to the emergency room at the hospital.

Finally, they called my name and escorted me to the cold examination room. The nurse asked me what was wrong and I explained that I had hurt my right knee. She told me to remove my baseball pants and the doctor would be in to see me in a minute. I removed my baseball pants and sat diligently on the examination table hoping for the best but expecting the worst. 

After about five minutes, the doctor entered the room. She was about 40 years old, brown hair, brown eyes and very well built. She looked like she was having one of those days when our eyes met. She stopped just inside of the door and I could see her eyes moving up and down, examining my body in its exposed state. 

She stepped closer and asked "So, what seems to be your problem?"

"I heard a popping sound from my knee when I slid into home" I responded while moving my eyes up and down her body.

Seeing my interest, she told me to lie down on the table while she looked at my knee. I felt her cold hand touch my shin while her other hand was touching my kneecap. The coldness of her hands came unexpectedly and I shivered. She apologized for her coldness and rubbed her hands together to warm them up. 

Touching me again, she asked, "Is that better?"

"Much better." I replied.

"O.K." she said as she explained that she was going to try to move my legs and knee to check range of motion and see if there was any giving in my tendons.

She placed one hand on my shin again and the other on my knee. Her warm hands felt good and I closed my eyes as I was lying on that table. After that, she moved a hand on my thigh and the other hand on my knee. Her hands were soft and felt magical to the touch. I could feel her magic starting to arouse my groin. She finished with that test and did the same test on my left knee to see if there was any difference. When her hands touched my other leg, I felt tingling in my manhood and knew I was about to expose more than my legs. Sure enough, the more I thought about it, the more my tool began to rise, poking his head from my boxers. I thought maybe she didn't notice because her tests kept going and she didn't seem to care, so I kept my eyes closed and enjoyed the attention.

She kept her hands moving on my legs and I kept rising to the attention. It seemed to me that her hands were getting higher on my legs, but I thought that maybe she was trying some other type of test. Then, I heard a click.

I opened my eyes and raised my head to see her locking the examination room door. She turned around and I could see her nipples standing at attention through the material of her blouse. Her eyes were warmer now, hungry as she approached the table. She placed a hand on my forehead to keep me in my reclined position and she bent down and kissed my hard cock. 

My cock quivered at the attention and she kissed it again. I tried to rise but realized that somehow during the examination, she had placed restraints on my wrists and legs. I laid there helplessly as she used her scissors to cut through my boxers. She placed the scissors on the counter as she began to remove her labcoat. Her blouse clung to her womanly figure and could not hide her nipples crowning her ample bosom. She unbuttoned her blouse to expose her lacy bra. My cock was growing even larger with excitement and began to dance uncontrollably. She bent forward and took the head of my dick in her mouth. Her warm mouth was only a foreshadowing of what I thought her moist pussy would feel like. She briefly licked my head and stood up again to remove her bra.

Her ample breasts jumped from their constraints and her nipples were staring at me. I wanted to suck them and she must have read my mind because she bent forward and placed her right nipple in my mouth. I sucked like there was no tomorrow. She moved her left nipple to my mouth and I gave it the same treatment I gave its partner. She moaned slightly and backed away.

This time she put her mouth over my cock and took it all in her mouth. She cupped my balls in her hand and gently stroked my dick with her lips. I moved my hips in time with her mouth trying to drive deeper into her. She could feel my urge growing and withdrew her mouth. 

At that moment, she stepped back, put her blouse back on, and buttoned her lab coat to hide the fact she was not wearing a bra, and headed for the door.

"I'm going to check on another patient," she said as she grabbed the doorknob. 

"Don't go anywhere" she said as she laughed and stepped through the door.

"What am I going to do?" I asked myself as I thought about my throbbing dick that was just moments from exploding.

I dreamed about what had just happened as I lay there with my cock at full attention. Closing my eyes again, I thought about her lips softly pressing themselves on my throbbing dick.

The door opened again. I looked and saw the doctor returning but this time she was not alone. Behind her was a younger nurse built like the doctor but with red hair and fuller lips.

"Now, where were we?" the doctor inquired.

My cock shivered at the thought of this other stranger in the room looking at my exposed and restrained nakedness.

"Oh yes, I remember, I was checking your blood pressure. I didn't get a reading yet. Nurse! Check his pressure!" she commanded.

Responding to the doctor's orders, the nurse bent over and took my dick in her mouth. Sucking hard and quickly, she took the entire length of my shaft in her mouth. 

Removing her mouth, the nurse said, "His pressure is steady".

"It should be rising by now" the doctor retorted. 

"Remove your clothes and see if we cannot remedy this situation" the doctor ordered. Responding to her order, the nurse unbuttoned her uniform and let it slide to the floor. Wearing only lacy panties and bra, I gasped at the site of this lovely woman. Removing her bra and panties, the nurse was naked now.

"Get on the table and administer oral resuscitation to his cock!" the doctor barked.

Obliging her superior, the nurse mounted the table in a 69 position and placed her mouth back on my tool. The doctor reached over and pushed her aides ass down where I could smell her moist pussy. The nurse took my meat deep in her throat. She sensed my breath on her thighs and lowered herself further where I could begin to taste her sweetness. She was wet and I licked her pussy like a hungry dog. I could feel my steam rising again and began to nibble her clit in rhythm to her sucking. The nurse and I were moaning in unison as our movements were matching each stroke and pull. 

I looked over to see where the doctor was. I saw her on the counter. She had removed her clothes and was fingering herself to our sex show. Her eyes were fixated on my dick and the mouth that was trying to suck the life from it. 

"How is his pressure now?" the doctor asked as she was standing up licking her fingers.

"His pressure is rising fast doctor" the nurse responded.

"This calls for emergency action" the doctor said.

The doctor made the nurse raise her head from my cock as she began to mount the table. Straddling me, she placed her pussy over my dick. I could not see because the nurse still had her pussy in my face but I could feel the doctor's love hole barely touching the head of my cock. 

"We have to release this pressure right now!" the doctor ordered.

Sliding her pussy down over my dick, I could feel her heat. She was really wet and tightened her cunt muscles as she took my length. The nurse lowered her pussy to my mouth and I resumed lapping at her cunt like the sex dog that I had become. The doctor began moving up and down, slowly at first. I could hear moaning, almost purring. 

"Work with me nurse" she commanded. "We don't want to lose this patient yet".

The nurse reached forward and was rubbing the doctor's tits and pinching her nipples. The doctor reciprocated with the nurse. I could hear them both squeal with delight. Pumping harder on my meat, the doctor was beginning to orgasm. She yelped and squirmed as I humped my hips in time with her movements. I drove my dick harder and deeper. I felt her pussy quiver and become drenched. She slowed her pumping but not before I exploded into her hot hole.

Not wanting the nurse to be left out, the doctor kneaded her breasts with one hand while she fingered her twat along with my tongue as we brought the nurse to a screaming release. She shook with pleasure as she finally reached orgasm. She flooded my mouth with her fluids and I licked her until my tongue hurt. 

The doctor and nurse both climbed down from the table. Getting themselves dressed again, they giggled as they brushed their hair back in place.

"How does that knee feel now?" the doctor asked.

"It feels great!" I answered almost amazed.

"Great. That was the best muscle relaxer I could prescribe," the doctor replied as she removed the restraints. 

"You can get dressed now," she said turning to write on the doctor's report.

Handing me a copy, she bent forward and gave me a kiss on the cheek. 

"There is no charge for the treatment. If it hurts in a couple of weeks, you can return." She said as she and the nurse walked out the door.

Getting dressed, I looked at the report and noticed that the doctor had listed my treatment as physical therapy.

I think I may have a relapse.