 I sat at the front of the church next to John. He was visibly nervous, fidgeting on his seat, and I nudged him.

"Sit still," I whispered. "Kathy will be here in a minute."

He nodded, and made a visible effort to relax.

A few moments later, the organ struck up the familiar music, and both John and I stood and turned to see Kathy take her position for her walk down the aisle.

Behind her were Kathy's sister Sarah and her cousin Anne, who I'd only met for the first time at the rehearsal the previous evening. Sarah was blonde and slim, while Anne was dark-haired. Both of them looked stunning in their bridesmaids' dresses, though I was sure all other eyes were on Kathy in her ivory silk.

They moved slowly down the aisle, reaching us at exactly the planned moment. John stepped forward to stand beside Kathy, and Sarah glanced across at me before taking her seat with Anne on the opposite side of the aisle.

The ceremony was brief, and all of us went through to a side area to watch John and Kathy sign the register. Sarah and Anne stood one each side of me as the photographer snapped away, and I noticed that they both seemed to be wearing the same distinctive perfume.

When the formalities were completed, we all made our way out of the church for the seemingly interminable photographs. I took my position in the group photos when I was called, then watched as Kathy stood between Sarah and Anne for their picture.

When the photos were finally over, we went into the marquee to be seated for lunch. I was next to John's father on the top table, and the bridesmaids were a few seats away next to Kathy's mother.

When lunch was over, the toastmaster announced the speeches, and I got to my feet. I'd spent a long time on my notes, and as I spoke, I saw smiles and nods from relatives and friends, and even the occasional chuckle.

I finished my speech with "On behalf of the bridesmaids, myself, and everyone who has helped with John and Kathy's special day, may I again offer congratulations to... the bride and groom."

Everyone raised their glasses in the toast, and I noticed Sarah looking across at me. She caught my eye, and smiled, sipping her champagne.

When all the speeches were finished, everyone started to drift out of the marquee. I made my way back to the road where the wedding cars were waiting to take the bridal party to the reception. John and Kathy got in the lead car, and both sets of parents in the next.

"Don't go without us, Tim," I heard a voice behind me. I turned to see Sarah and Anne coming towards me.

"Wouldn't think of it," I grinned.

I held the car door as Sarah slid across the leather seat. "Now you, Tim," she said.

I got in beside her, and Anne followed, closing the door.

"All ready, sir?" the driver asked.

"Think so," I said.

He nodded, and pressed a button, raising the partition. The car pulled smoothly away.

"Some privacy at last," said Sarah with a smile.

Anne nodded. "We've been up since some silly time this morning getting Kathy ready, and it's good to relax for a minute."

"She did look beautiful, though," I said. "John's a very lucky man."

Sarah grinned. "Then again, he just has Kathy, but you get to spend the rest of the evening with both of us."

I must have looked a little shocked, because she raised her eyebrows and said, "What? Everyone knows that the best man has his eye on the bridesmaids."

I feigned surrender. "OK, you've seen right through me."

She smiled. "Fortunately for you, Anne and I have had our eye on you too."

Anne spoke up. "When we get there, just follow our lead."

A few minutes later the car pulled up at the hotel. We got out of the car, and walked through to the reception desk.

The receptionist glanced up. "I'm guessing bridesmaids and best man," she smiled.

"Spot on," said Sarah.

"So, you girls are in 216, and Mr Smith here is in 217," said the receptionist, handing over keys. I thought I detected a knowing look in her eye as she glanced from the girls to me.

As we walked along the corridor, Anne glanced at her watch.

"We have a couple of hours before the meal," she said. "Everyone else – John and Kathy included – will be down in the bar."

Sarah nodded. "Come on then, Tim. Dump your stuff in your room and join us."

I let myself into the room, dropping my bag and the jacket of my suit on the bed. I paused for a moment, sure I could hear giggling from the girls' room.

I quickly splashed my face in the bathroom, then went back out into the corridor, closing my door behind me.

I knocked on the door of 216 and Anne opened the door just a little, looking round the edge.

"Come in, Tim," she said, staying behind the door and opening it just far enough for me to slip in.

As I entered the room I could see why she hadn't opened the door all the way – she had already taken off her dress leaving only camisole, stockings and suspenders, and some very minimal panties.

"Wow," I said. "I'm impressed."

Sarah came out of the bathroom, in a lacy basque and French knickers. "Like what you see over here too?"

"Absolutely," I said.

Anne moved closer, putting her arms around me and turning her face up for a kiss. I obliged, and she closed her eyes as I slid my arms round her waist and deepened the kiss.

I felt Sarah come close behind me, then reach round to loosen the belt of my dress trousers. She found the zip, then slid my trousers down for me to step out of.

Still kissing me, Anne tugged at the bow of my tie to unravel it, then began to undo the buttons of my shirt. When they were all undone, Sarah slid my shirt from my shoulders and dropped it over the back of a chair.

"There," she whispered in my ear. "Now things are equal."

I broke my kiss with Anne, and turned to Sarah. "So do you two have a plan?"

She grinned. "Not really – we thought we'd see how it went."

Anne added, "We figured we had a couple of hours before dinner to get started, then the whole night, so there's no rush."

"Well," I said, "how about we play it like this. I do my best to give both of you some satisfaction before dinner, then we start all over again when we come back up."

"Sounds perfect," said Sarah. "Anne, you can go first."

I turned back to Anne, and led her over to the bed. She stretched out on her back, her arms above her head.

"That gives me an idea," said Sarah. She knelt by Anne, and clasped Anne's hands in hers. "Now you're a prisoner."

Anne grinned, and squirmed her body in a mock attempt to escape.

I bent to kiss her breasts through her thin camisole, feeling her nipples harden against my lips. I slipped my hand under the thin fabric to touch her breasts, and she gasped.

I slid the camisole up so that her breasts were bare, and my lips returned to them, kissing and suckling. I drew my tongue across the tip of one nipple then the other, and she gasped again.

I moved my hand down her stomach, trying to slide it between her legs, but she smiled and kept her legs together.

"Prisoner, remember," she said, her eyes closed.

I knelt at her feet, and bent to kiss her mound through the fabric of her panties. I slid my tongue between her closed thighs as far as I could. Involuntarily, she flexed her hips, and I put my hands on her knees and gently pressed them apart.

She pretended to resist for a moment longer, then her legs parted. I kissed her mound again, then began to run my tongue up and down the narrow strip of fabric over her entrance. I used a finger to pull the fabric aside, and for the first time my tongue was touching her and sliding into her.

She moaned. "Take them off," she said.

I complied, slipping her panties off over her feet, then returning to continue to run my tongue over her, now seeking the hard nub that would multiply her pleasure. I slid a finger into her, and she flexed her hips against me as I began to stimulate her clitoris more insistently.

I put my other hand on her stomach and felt her muscles begin to tense as she moved against me.

She started to give tiny cries of pleasure, then to cry out more loudly, until finally she gave a final cry and her body shook. I continued to tongue her until I was sure her climax was finished, then turned my head to rest it on her mound.

"Mm," she said as her breathing slowed. "Thanks, Tim."

Sarah released Anne's hands, and I returned to a kneeling position. Anne shifted to the side to give Sarah room, and Sarah slipped out of the rest of her clothes, then moved so she was kneeling in front of me.

I kissed her lightly on the lips, and she whispered, "Mm, Anne, I can taste you."

She kissed me again, this time slipping her tongue into my mouth. I began to caress her breasts, then to brush her erect nipples with my palm. She took my hand and guided it between her legs, and I began to touch her wet entrance and her clitoris.

"You can go further back," she murmured against my lips. I obeyed, and used the tip of my finger to caress her rear opening. She gasped, and said, "That feels so good."

She shifted position so she was kneeling with her back to me. I slid one hand down the cleft of her bottom until I reached her rear opening again, caressing it with one finger and sliding a fingertip in a little way. With my other hand I stroked her breasts, then moved my hand down over her stomach and mound to touch her entrance and her clitoris.

"Oh," she gasped, "that's heavenly, just a pity you can't touch my breasts at the same time."

"Forgotten that I'm here?" teased Anne, kneeling in front of Sarah and starting to caress her breasts and nipples.

Sarah's reply was incoherent, and I grinned at Anne over Sarah's shoulder as together we brought her to a tumultuous climax, her hands running over her neck and face and twining in her hair.

I wrapped my arms round Sarah's waist, and as she recovered her composure she said, "Wow, guys, that was unbelievable."

Anne glanced across at the bedside clock. "We have about forty-five minutes, I guess we should start to get ready."

I grinned. "Good job I can wait till after dinner, then."

The girls went through into the bathroom, and I sat and watched them help each other to shower. "Want to join us?" asked Sarah.

"If I did, we would certainly be late for dinner," I said.

She grinned, and turned off the water. They stepped out of the shower, and I got in.

As the girls dried off, they watched me wash. When I got out, Anne offered me a towel, and I dried myself quickly.

"Now come through and see what you're going to be taking off us again later," invited Sarah.

I went through and sat on the bed. Both girls put on the sheerest of panties, and Anne a push-up bra.

Sarah saw my questioning look. "No-one will notice with my figure that I'm not wearing a bra – and it'll make the dancing more interesting for you."

I grinned. "Very thoughtful."

Both of them slipped on their dresses, then gave their hair and makeup the finishing touches.

I pulled my clothes back on, and we went out into the corridor.

"Oops," I said, "need my jacket."

I went into my room and retrieved my jacket, then caught up with the girls as they headed down the stairs.

We found our table, and I fetched drinks for Sarah and Anne. We sat sipping, and soon the starters were brought.

"My favourite, melon," said Sarah. "And they put cherries on, see."

I picked up my cherry. "You can have mine."

She bent to take it with her lips, and I felt her kiss my fingertips. I glanced across to see her smiling.

We quickly finished our starters, and the main course came, chicken in a rich sauce with vegetables.

As we ate, the band filed in and began to play softly. I glanced across at John and Kathy, and they smiled.

When the main course was finished, a waiter came with a trolley of desserts. The girls chose fruit salad and cream, while I picked profiteroles.

I glanced across at Anne as she ate. "You've got a bit of cream..." I said, reaching out a finger. I caught the drop, and she took it from my fingers with her lips, winking at me.

The lights dimmed, and we got up and went over to the dance floor. As we danced, I alternated admiring Anne's breasts, accentuated by her pushup bra, and exchanging a knowing smile with Sarah as I spotted her erect nipples showing through her thin summer dress.

We danced for a while, then returned to our table for another drink. Then John and Kathy appeared in their going-away clothes.

"Thanks, everyone, for coming," John said. "My wife and I –" he glanced at Kathy, and she smiled, "– my wife and I are going to depart now, and leave you to enjoy yourselves."

I might have imagined that he glanced over at our table and caught my eye, but he was certainly smiling as he turned to take his wife's arm.

I looked back at Sarah. "Ready?" she asked.

"I've been ready since Anne let me into your room," I grinned.

We got up and slipped out of the room, leaving the rest of the guests to their evening.

As we got through the door of the girls' room and Anne closed it behind us, Sarah was in my arms, kissing me passionately.

"Never mind starting all over again," she said. "I want you now."

I glanced at Anne. She nodded.

I helped Sarah lift her dress over her head, then slid her panties down for her to step out of. I undressed, leaving only my boxer shorts.

"I got a glimpse while you were showering," said Sarah, "but now to have a proper look what's under there."

She pulled down my boxer shorts, then started gently stroking my hardening penis with her fingers. She bent to kiss the tip.

"Mm," she said, "I can taste you already."

She moved over to the bed. "How do you want me?"

"I really enjoyed it when I was kneeling behind you," I said.

She knelt on the bed, her back to me, looking over her shoulder. "Your wish is my command."

I knelt behind her, and guided my hard tip against her already-wet entrance, then slid into her smoothly. I slid my hands around to cup her breasts, feeling her nipples erect against my palms.

"Anything I can do?" asked Anne.

"What you did before," managed Sarah as I began to move in and out of her, penetrating her deeply.

Anne knelt in front of Sarah, again caressing her breasts and nipples, as I placed my hands on Sarah's hips to control our movement.

This time Sarah began to touch herself, pushing her hand against her mound as I slid into her, then stroking her clitoris with a fingertip.

"Go for it," she gasped.

I moved more urgently in her, feeling my climax approaching, my hands holding her hips, then my orgasm overtook me. As Sarah felt the combination of my movement in her, Anne's fingers on her nipples, and my warm fluid filling her with each spurt, she climaxed, crying out and pushing her hips back against me as though to mould our bodies together.

As we both came down from the peak we'd reached, I wrapped my arms around her waist as I had done before, and Anne embraced us both.

"That was amazing even to watch," she said. "Hope it won't take you too long to be ready for me, Tim..."