 I met Meegan through a social website, like MySpace and Facebook, but a little wilder. When I setup my profile (or personal web page) I posted many of the semi-pro photographs I've taken of mostly women over the years to show them off. This particular website offers both "nice" and "naughty" profiles for users. I posted the relatively tame glamour photos in my nice profile and lots of my nudes and semi-nudes in the naughty one.

It wasn't long before I was noticed, mostly by guys, and flooded with friend requests! While this was happening I was checking out the female members and making friend requests of my own, of course.

One day I received a friend request from Meegan. I checked her nice profile and was pleased to find that she was a 23-year-old woman whose exotic beauty was breath taking. I immediately granted her naughty and nice friend request and fired off my own request to her, which she granted a few hours later, probably after checking me out further.

Once I gained access to her naughty profile I found that she liked both boys and girls in the bedroom, which only intensified my interest in her. She had posted some low-resolution photos that she'd taken of herself with her cell phone camera in which she was wearing only bra and panties. Very cute, very sexy but I noticed that she had a dozen photos in her private folder that I didn't yet have access to. Since that was where many users posted R and sometimes X rated images I formulated a plan to motivate her to grant me access to that folder.

I invited her to view the photos I'd posted in my naughty profile that all my "naughty friends" had access to. The pictures there were relatively tame, bare breasts at most. When she sent me a message telling me how nice the photos were and asking for access to my private folder, available only by invitation. Naturally, I quickly granted her request. There were much more explicit photos in there including a series I had taken of a couple making out, undressing and making love on a couch in the studio.

I thought to myself, "Now it looks like I've got her in my web!"

After a couple of days without hearing from her, I assumed that the explicit photos had shocked her and I might not hear from her again. Oh well, nothing ventured, nothing gained.

Then, a week later, she wrote that she and her hubby had been out of town on vacation and that they had just seen the pictures in my private folder and were impressed! I immediately requested access to her private folder and was soon rewarded by having my request granted.

It was worth the wait although the images were small and not very high resolution. She had taken them all in the bathroom mirror with her cell phone. The first two or three showed her in bra and panties with a smile on her pretty face. She had removed her bra for the next five and revealed a pair of firmly rounded B-cup boobs with dark nipples. The last four showed her completely naked with a smooth shaved pussy. Her sweet smile told me that she enjoyed the self-portrait photography session knowing that people she didn't know very well would be seeing them.

We continued to swap messages for a few weeks while she took more cell phone photos and posted them in her private folder. Eventually she asked if I could photograph her some time. "I know that you do professional quality work from the pictures you have on the Web. I want to be a model some day," she told me in her message.

I would have had to be dead or stupid to turn her down! We agreed on a place and time. I would have preferred to have her meet me at a studio, but I had none available at the time. She lived in a city about an hour's drive from mine and suggested a park or some other suitable place outdoors. Unfortunately the winter weather was beginning to set in so we finally agreed that shooting at her house was the best choice.

A few days before the appointed time Meegan sent a message advising me that we might have to cancel, since her hubby had to go out of town on a business trip. She told me that she and he weren't comfortable having a man they didn't know well in the house with her alone. I wrote back that it would be a shame to put the session off because I didn't know when I'd have a chance to reschedule anytime soon. 

"Do you have a friend who could join us" I replied, "someone that would make you and your husband comfortable with the situation?"

She quickly responded to my question with, "Yes! I hadn't thought of that. We've had a few threesomes with my girlfriend Tess. Mike and I know and trust her. I'll call and see if she can chaperone us ;-)"

My heart raced and my cock twitched. "Two girls, threesome," I thought, "This is working out much better than I hoped it would!"

A few hours later the photo session was back on. Tess had agreed to be there and a call to Meegan's husband resulted in his giving the OK as long as Tess was present.

That Sunday turned out to be cloudy and cool with occasional showers, so I was glad we'd be shooting indoors. I packed a portable studio lighting kit and my DSLR with spare batteries and memory cards and drove to Meegan's house. I rang the doorbell and it turned out that Tess had already arrived since she opened the door.

Tess was a tall brunette with a Marilyn Monroe figure tucked into a tight t-shirt, Daisy Duke shorts and high heels! She smiled and said, "You must be Jack, I'm Tess, come on in."

I entered the living room with my light kit and camera bag to find Meegan seated on the couch. She got up and gave me a hug after I'd set my gear down. "Thanks so much for coming," she smiled at me, "I've really been excited about this."

"So have I," I replied, "you look even nicer in person than you do on the Web. I know we'll get a lot of great photos for you!"

Meegan brought beers from the kitchen and we sat on the couch to discuss how we'd proceed with the photo session. I had brought an album of my pictures that, along with others I'd found on the Internet, served as examples of shots we might want to try with Meegan.

While the girls flipped through the pages, giggling and commenting, I set up the lights and camera. I planned to use the living room for the first set of shots and perhaps move to another room later.

Meegan told me, "I've got some outfits picked out and had my hair done yesterday. Tess helped me with my makeup already. Do you want to see what I've picked out?"

"Sure," I told her, and she left the room for a couple of minutes, returning with an armful of clothing. She laid them out on the couch and I was pleased to see that she had selected some really sexy and revealing items. Along with skirts and tops she had included a long black sheer nightgown, a white camisole and assorted sexy panties and bras.

Eventually I told her, "I love all of these but why don't we start with what you are wearing now?" She was in a very short denim skirt and white front-zip top that showed her tight tummy.

"OK, where do you want me to be?" she asked.

I asked her to stand in front of the couch while her friend gathered the clothing and laid it on a chair on the other side of the room. I directed her while firing off ten or twelve frames before Tess took over, suggesting that Meegan lift the front of her skirt for a show, revealing her tight white panties that showed serious camel toe. Then she had Meegan turn around and bend over, spread her legs, lift the back of the skirt and look over her shoulder at the camera.... more camel toe. Finally she directed Meegan to stand sideways to the camera while slowly unzipping her top.

Meegan seemed comfortable with the sexy shots and positioned the front opening of her top so that the side of one breast was visible. "This OK?" she asked Tess over her shoulder.

"That's nice," Tess told her as I fired off another shot and suggested a change of clothing for our model. But Tess had other ideas.

"Could you take some pictures of us together?" she asked and Meegan quickly agreed, "Oh yes! That would be fun!"

Who am I to turn down a request like that? I enthusiastically agreed and Tess joined Meegan in front of the camera.

At first they clowned happily for the camera, the typical girlfriend poses with Tess, who was taller, putting her elbow on Meegan's shoulder and leaning against her. They were having fun and I was enjoying the show while clicking the shutter button. Suddenly one of Meegan's boobs popped out of the mostly open front of her shirt.

Tess noticed the "costume malfunction" before Meegan did and shouted, "Oh look! One of the girls came out to play!"

Meegan looked startled, then glanced down at her chest. She made a move to cover up but Tess grabbed her wrist and told her, "Uh uh baby, leave it out. In fact, we should let her twin sister out too!"

With that she pulled the zipper the rest of the way down and opened Meegan's top all the way, baring both breasts. Meegan blushed but didn't attempt to cover them up. I noted that she had become excited, it wasn't cold in the room but her nipples stood out like pencil erasers.

That was the beginning of the best photo session I've ever had. Meegan looked into Tess' eyes and muttered, "Now you've really done it, I hope you're prepared to finish what you've started."

"Of course I am, aren't I always ready when I'm with you?"

Meegan smiled and closed her eyes as Tess slowly ran her fingertips from Meegan's shoulders over her breasts and down to her tummy, then returned them to her erect nipples for a gentle squeeze. They ignored me, lost in their own world. I'm glad that I had the presence of mind to keep firing off pictures.

While she kept one hand playing with Meegan's breasts, Tess ran her other hand under Meegan's skirt and into her panties. When her fingers found their target Meegan took in a sharp breath, quivered and her knees buckled. Tess quickly moved to hold her up and remarked, "My, my, what a horny little bitch you are. I think we need to adjourn to the bedroom."

Meegan didn't resist as her friend led her to the bedroom. I quickly took the camera off of its tripod and followed.

When they got to the bed they turned to face each other and slowly undressed. Meegan removed her top while Tess kicked her shoes off and pulled her t-shirt over her head in one quick movement. From the movement I had observed when she walked I had suspected that she wore no bra. I was correct.

Her large breasts were magnificent, heavy and yet, still firm. Two cherry nipples with large areola topped them. Meegan stopped undressing to caress them and give each a kiss with a quick nipple lick for one.

Tess worked her tight shorts down, taking her dark blue panties with them. When she bent over to get them past her knees her breasts swung in a most delightful way. She kicked her shorts and panties away and helped Meegan get her skirt and panties off.

I had developed an uncontrollable bulge in my pants but, ever the professional, ignored the discomfort and documented the event before me with my trusty camera. Thank the gods for large capacity memory cards and lithium batteries, for I did not wish to be required to tend to the camera's needs and miss any of the action.

Once the girls were both naked they embraced and kissed for a long minute, then climbed onto the bed. They embraced and kissed again, while on their knees, and slowly fell over on their sides. Tess, obviously in charge, parted Meegan's legs with one of her own and pressed her thigh into Meegan's crotch. Meegan responded with a moan and thrust her hips forward. She then bent to take one of Tess' nipples in her mouth. It was Tess' turn to moan.

I moved closer to the bed to get some close-up images. Tess must have sensed my approach. She opened her eyes and looked over at me, smiled and winked, then returned her concentration to her own pleasure.

They rolled around on the bed, finding each other's sensitive spots and lavishing attention to each one. The room was filled with the scent of highly aroused women and their sighs, moans, groans and words of love and comfort. That is, until Meegan pushed away from her partner! I thought that something had gone wrong but her lover knew what was happening. Tess rolled onto her back and spread her legs. Her swollen hairless outer labia were shiny with her juices and the swollen inner lips protruded as only a highly aroused woman's pussy appears.

Meegan repositioned herself so that her face was close to her partner's sexual center as Tess lifted her knees to afford unrestricted access for her lover. Meegan's reaction was predictable. She buried her face in Tess' love nest and began flicking her tongue through her slit and over her clit with vigor. Tess reacted by arching her back and clamping her legs around her lover's head. Her movements set her lovely mounds dancing to the rhythm of their lovemaking. She tended to them with her hands, squeezing them together and pinching the nipples as her arousal reached a level beyond her extensive experience.

Tess' enjoyment intensified as Meegan's magic tongue and fingers performed masterfully in and around her most sensitive parts. It wasn't much longer before Tess reached her peak of ecstasy and she came with vigor, shouting her pleasure, "Oh my god, oh shit, for heaven's sake don't stop! I'm cuumming!"

Her stomach muscles rippled and she shook all over as she raced to a thundering climax. She opened her eyes and mouth wide. She later told me that her look of shock was the result of an intense orgasm the likes of which she had never before experienced.

Eventually Meegan showed Tess mercy by disengaging from her quivering pussy. Meegan's face wore a look of satisfaction with a big grin and flashing brown eyes. She knew that she had brought Tess to a once-in-a-lifetime sexual peak and was rightfully proud of herself.

Since the two women had been lovers for months before this event I have to assume that my presence in the room with camera contributed to the enormity of Tess' enjoyment.

As Tess recovered, Meegan laid her head on her lover's stomach and smiled up at her, basking in the after-glow with her bed-partner. It was a touching scene that I recorded from several angles. Then, I felt it appropriate to give them some privacy while I replaced the camera's battery and memory card in the living room. I waited for them while sipping a beer that I found in the refrigerator and reviewed in my mind the highly erotic experience that had unfolded in the bedroom.

Eventually the two girls returned to the living room, walking hand in hand, still naked.

"That was so much fun," Tess exclaimed, "it was the very best orgasm I've ever had! Do you think we could do it again sometime, Jack?"

"I'm honored that you allowed me to watch and photograph you enjoying each other's company so much," I told them both, "and, yes, I'd like to do it again. Have your people call my people."

They both laughed and Tess replied, "OK, we will! But for now, I suspect you could use some relief. I saw that big bulge in your pants earlier and Meegan hasn't cum either. So, here's the deal."

She looked over at Meegan and said, "you get on the other end of the couch, lean back on the arm with your yummy pussy facing Jack and make yourself cum. I'll take care of Jack, got it?"

Again, Tess was in charge and neither Meegan nor I were inclined to argue with her.

Meegan sat on the opposite end of the couch, grinned and swung her legs up onto the cushion with her back resting against the arm. She looked into my eyes and slowly spread her legs, giving me an unrestricted view, and ran her fingertips over her breasts, paying particular attention to her nipples.

Tess dropped to her knees in front of me and reached forward to unbuckle my belt, unsnap my jeans and work the zipper down. As she worked to get my jeans and briefs off, her breasts wobbled enticingly for my viewing pleasure. I think she exerted more effort than necessary to purposely animate her boobs. I didn't complain. I did enjoy her sudden intake of breath when my cock popped out of its confines though. I'm reasonably well hung and it was fully erect by the time it made its appearance.

Once I was naked from the waist down, Tess leaned in and wrapped her fingers around my swollen member, giving it a couple of strokes and tickling my nuts with the fingers of her other hand. Then she placed her lips near the head of my dick and blew softly on it, making it twitch. Not satisfied with the reaction, she licked it and blew on it again, eliciting a groan that told her she was appreciated.

I glanced over at Meegan and saw that she had commenced to vigorously masturbate. Her eyes were closed and her sweet little breasts jiggled with the movement of her arm and hand. Occasionally, as I watched and as Tess administered to my cock with her lips and tongue, she opened her eyes to watch us. From time to time, as I watched and enjoyed the blowjob I was receiving, she would pause, dip a finger into her cunt and bring it to her mouth, then suck her juices off of it. Then the little tease would smile and resume furiously massaging her clitoris.

Just as she reached her climax Tess pulled off of my fuck-stick and watched the action with me. Meegan screamed in ecstasy as she bucked her hips and threw her head back. Her juices flowed and left a wet spot on the couch cushion as one hand squeezed a breast and the other flew over her clit. After a few more moments she slowed her pussy massage and opened her eyes to see us watching.

"Oh hell," she managed to whisper, "I've made a spectacle of myself again, haven't I?"

"Yes you have, you naughty girl," Tess sternly told her, "and Jack lost his concentration as a result."

"All of my effort was wasted and now I'm going to have to get him started again," she said in a mock-stern voice with a grin.

As Meegan recovered from her orgasm, Tess stood up and climbed up on the couch with me, straddling my thighs and positioning those glorious breasts in front of my face. She maneuvered herself until her pussy was poised above my swollen cock. Guiding it with her hand she dropped slowly down until her warm cunt reached my rod. With a smooth motion she lowered herself onto it as I thrust up to meet her, impaling her on my shaft.

Let me say that sex with the woman on top has much to recommend it. Her breasts are presented to her partner in their natural position. Since the man's hands and arms are not busy supporting him they can take full advantage of that presentation. The woman does most of the work while the man enjoys the benefits of her labor and enthusiasm.

Once I was fully inside of her, we began our dance of love. She rose up until only my cock-head was inside then dropped down and repeated the motion to my immense enjoyment. We adjusted to a steady rhythm as I enjoyed the view of her large boobs dancing close to my face. I reached up to fondle them, rubbing her nipples with my palms and gently squeezing them.

My enjoyment was enhanced by the knowledge that Meegan was watching us fuck. The sounds of our lovemaking enhanced the atmosphere. I marveled at the way Tess was able to squeeze my manhood with her pussy and quickly approached the point of no return. It appeared that Tess was nearing her climax as well as she increased the speed of her movement.

Then it hit, I loudly signaled the onset of my orgasm with a shout, "Oh hell, here it comes baby!"

She breathlessly replied, "Me too, give me all you've got! I'm cumming hard!"

With that we both lost the ability to speak as the wonderful feeling washed over us. Our voices blended in howls of ecstasy as Meegan watched. I unloaded my balls deep inside of Tess as she froze and stopped her up-and-down motion. After she recovered a bit she resumed our fucking, but with less intensity. Eventually she fell against my chest, cushioned by her breasts and we kissed for the first time as I wrapped my arms around her and held her close.
