 I boarded the plane at Boston's Logan airport for the long series of flights to Hawaii. My company had won a contract with a container shipping company and they wanted me in Honolulu as soon as possible to conduct an inventory and audit. I packed lightly knowing that I'd be back in only a week. As an amateur photographer, I was delighted that I'd be able to spend a full weekend on the island of Oahu snapping some the world's most majestic mountains plummeting into a gorgeous blue ocean. 

The plane rides were long and boring. I did some work and also played some games on my computer. I watched the in-flight movie and began to get a little stir crazy. I talked with the flight attendant and we chatted about stupid things for about 30 minutes. She was cute but had a rock on her finger the size of a marble that said "off limits" to me. As I sat back in my seat I reflected that I liked bigger women anyway and it wasn't sour grapes talking. 

The landing was smooth and as the door opened, the taste of warm, fresh and clean air invaded the cabin and everyone's mood seemed to lift. Getting the rental car was a breeze and soon I was at my hotel and falling asleep when I should have been awake. The time change of 6 hours was already killing me. 

Thursday and Friday went by quick enough. The work was easy and the people friendly. We organized ourselves for the audit the next week. Friday night on Waikiki beach was amazing as I drank too much and laughed a lot. Maybe the weather and island comforts were affecting my normally stoic, New England personality! Clearly, getting to look at young women, who have been dieting for 6 months in preparation for this vacation was also a treat!

Saturday morning, after my daily run, I grabbed my digital Nikon and my lenses and headed off in my rental for a tour of the island. There were some great shots of beautiful coastline and jagged mountains. Using my zoom lens, I was even treated to some whales breaching off the coast and water spurting from a rock formation known as the blow hole because it shoot water up when the waves crash down. 

I stood on a platform on the edge of a cliff overlooking a stunning bay when I turned around with my zoom lens. I focused on a couple who had just gotten out of their car and were headed up the hill. My lens is powerful enough and I was far enough away that they probably wouldn't even know that I was looking at them. They each had high quality cameras hung around their necks. He was a burly looking fellow with massive biceps and a tattoo on his arm and neck. She was larger woman, I'm not sure if someone would call her a BBW or not. I think not. Even though she wore a nylon jacket, I could tell that she was heavy up top. Her shorts were loose and her thighs were thick but not overly fat. She smiled at him and I clicked a picture of the two of them playfully pushing each other up the hill. They were a cute couple. 

I nodded to the guy as they joined me at the platform and smiled a warm smile and said "Hello" and I said "Hello" back. She took a few pictures of him and he took a few pictures of her posing in front of the ledge. 

I smiled and she caught me. "What?" she said with a smile back. 

"Would you like me to take a picture of both of you on the ledge?" I asked.

"Oh! That would be excellent! We were just joking that we'd have to photoshop our pictures together." And she laughed. They introduced themselves as Rick and Lorna. 

I took her camera and she stood next to him. They stood there side by side not even touching and I took the shot. She started to reach for the camera back when I stopped her. "You've got to be kidding. You want a shot in this beautiful place where the two of you are standing like those farmers with the pitch fork? ... you know the ones." 

He laughed. "Here, take this!" and he pretended to throw her off the ledge.

I clicked away getting low shots, including the islands in the distance and getting close ups of their faces together with the cliffs in the background. Now, they were enjoying themselves. 

"Honey, why do you still have that jacket on?" he laughed. "We're going to get home and look at these picture and wonder what frozen island we went to! C'mon, take the jacket off"

"You know WHY I have the jacket on! Because you made me wear this stupid top."

"For me? Please?" he asked. 

She looked around. It was only the three of us and she said to me, "Promise you won't laugh?" and I nodded. 

The temperature was about 75 degrees but a cool breeze whipped up on that hill every now and again. I looked through their lens at her as she slowly unzipped the jacket revealing a long, beautiful cleavage held together by a small halter top. I could feel my cock thicken in my shorts. She continued to unzip until she pulled the jacket off and put it by the rocks where it wouldn't blow away.

They were large and full tits that were the complete width of her body and pressed together in the middle. In addition, as I clicked the shutter, I realized I was probably looking at the longest nipples I had ever seen. They were poking out of the sheer material of her halter top and were thick and long near the bottom of her tits. Her skin was tanned a light brown and she had a pretty colored butterfly tattoo on her shoulder. I kept clicking as they did a simple pose. 

"See! My nips are poking out! I told you this top was no good." And she punched him on his bicep. "Everybody is going to laugh at me"

He looked to me for help while ducking her playful punches. I was watching those heavy breasts bounce back and forth with each punch.

"Ok" I said "Look, you've got a beautiful figure and I think your nipples really help the shot. Honest. Now, tilt your head to the right and put your hand on Rick's bicep. That's it." I figured it was best to keep them moving and preoccupied as I wondered how I would be able to get some shots of this full figured beauty with MY camera!

As she put her arm on Rick's oversized bicep her forearm lifted one of her tits. "Under or over my breast?" she asked.

"Whatever you feel comfortable with" I suggested. She put her forearm under her breasts and they lifted nicely broadening their width and deepening her cleavage. Lorna kissed Rick and then turned her attention to me again.

"Right, that's good. Now kiss softly but Lorna, turn your body toward me a bit. Good. And Rick, put your hand just above Lorna's hip. Good ... Oh That's great."

He lifted his hand and her breast rested on it as they slowly French kissed. I kept shooting and took notice of the bulge in his shorts as it grew down his leg. I took a few shots with my camera zooming in on her nipples and then returned back to their camera. I hoped to jack off to my pictures of those nipples later! 

They stopped their kiss and she seemed less angry. She turned to me and smiled. "Umm, you seem really good at this. Have you every done any studio work or people shots before?"

"No, just family reunions" I joked but they didn't laugh.

"Oh, that's too bad." And she took her camera back and began looking at the pictures on the screen on the back. "Thank you very much for doing this. They look really good" 

I nodded and Rick shook my hand and I slowly worked my way down the path toward my car. About the time I got there, they caught up to me. Lorna went to their car while Rick approached me. I wondered if they knew that I had taken a few pictures with my camera and he was going to say something. 

He looked down at his feet and then up to me again. "I, ah, WE liked the way you took those pictures up there. They came out really great."

I smiled. 'Thanks".

"And, we were wondering if you would take some more. I mean, we'll pay you for it. For your time, of course."

"What did you have in mind?" I asked wondering what the pay was but he didn't answer it that way.

"Well, my wife is usually pretty shy around cameras in general but then get a glass of wine in her and she is a freak. Y'know?"

I didn't know but I lied. "Sure, go on". 

"Uh, in the past, I've taken pictures of her at those moments and I just don't take pictures like you do. And, when we've posted them to this website, she's never even gotten in the top 20. I think she is pretty enough to do better than the twentieth so it must be my picture taking."

Initially, I had no idea what he was talking about but then it dawned on me that he wanted me to take pictures of his wife in various poses for some website ... that has people vote on their favorite pictures. 

"What kind of picture are these? Glamour shots?"

"Yeah, kinda. Let's get a beer, my treat, and we'll tell you all about it."

I followed their car to the Marriott Waikiki and we took the elevator back up to their floor. Their room was at the end of the corridor and when he opened the door, I was in shock. The wall of their large suite faced south and overlooked Waikiki beach as the sun began it's decent in the west. They had a large lanai where you could sit and enjoy the sunset or even enjoy a nice meal out there.

Rick turned to Lorna. "Honey, why don't you explain to Jack what you need him to do and I'll order us some food and drinks. Jack, do you like wine or beer or something else?"

"Anything" I replied to Rick but anxious to hear what Lorna was going to explain to me. She had put her jacket on again and I was disappointed that I could no longer steal glances at her nipples. 

She smiled sweetly and began to explain. "You know how if you fall off a horse, you are supposed to get back on? And like if you are afraid of elevators, you're supposed to, like take one just a floor or two before going all the way up?"

I nodded. "Desensitization" I stated like some idiot college professor. 

"Well" she paused and bit her lower lip. "I'm really shy. Especially shy about my body. I was pretty heavy as a young girl and things were said by people that I used to care about and it stuck with me."

She paused and I wasn't sure what to say so I said the first thing that was on my mind. "Well, I think you have a fabulous body." And then I felt stupid. Even so, she liked the compliment. 

"Thanks!" and she smiled broadly and flipped her long brown hair off her shoulder. "So, every now and again, I get this urge to pose for pictures and post them online at this website. They really have two web sites, one is sensual and the other is ummmm explicit."

I tried to keep my mouth from falling open and looked away for a brief moment. When my eyes returned to her, those nipples were pushing out through her jacket and I realized that this really turned her on. It was having the same effect on me!

The food came and I hadn't realized how hungry I was. The wine was excellent and there was plenty of it and we got to know each other better. 

"So, what do you really want me to do?" I asked plainly enough. 

Rick smiled and hugged his wife. "We really liked the pictures you took up there and we want you to take pictures of Lorna in various states of undress ... y'know, like nude and stuff. And if the mood strikes me, maybe I'll join her."

I nodded.

"So, you give us direction on what you think is good and we'll do it. I'll give you 500 bucks for the evening. Is that enough?"

I nodded again. I realized as they looked at me that they wanted me to take control. I downed my glass of wine. "Well, certainly $500 is plenty but I want to use my equipment and I'll give you the photos so you can post them."

Rick thought for a moment. "Ok, but you don't post them anywhere, right?"

"Right"

I checked the light from the sun. As it was headed down, it gave us a rare opportunity to use the sun's natural golden colors to paint Lorna's skin with a golden tinge. She giggled a bit and ran off to get "better dressed". I set up my camera with the right lens and filter and made adjustments to the ISO and shutter settings. I set up my flash for bounce so that it wouldn't over power the shadows but give everything a little bit more light.

When she came out of the bedroom, I was stunned. She was far prettier than I had thought. A little makeup and a nice outfit and she was not a model but a big woman stunner. Certainly the first thing that hit you, literally, were her very large breasts but her thighs were thinner than I originally thought and she only had a slight fold across the bottom of her tummy. She wore a gold halter that tied loosely around the back. It covered the bottom of her tits and just up to cover her nipples. The wonderful fullness of her breasts hung out the bottom and the sides. She wore leopard print French cut panties and partially unbuttoned white shorts over them. Her legs looked stunning as she stood on white heels that caused her back to arch slightly and re-emphasize her chest. 

I had her unbutton the shorts all the way and took a few pictures as she had one knee on the couch and a finger strategically placed in her mouth. I looked to Rick. "Her nipples need to be harder, I need some shadow there. Can you make them harder?"

She giggled as Rick pulled and pinched her nipples through the material. I felt myself constricted in the shorts department and noted that Rick was bulging too. 

The sun was perfect and the shadows were amazing. I took more pictures. "Ok .. give me a pout, baby, that's it, lean forward ... good ... good. Lean forward a little more and put your hand on your hip ... and now on your thigh ... good and trace your finger up to your shorts and slowly pull them down."

My camera was clicking away. She looked awesome. As she turned and leaned her loose halter top moved and exposed more of her areola. My cock tented my shorts and I noticed that Rick must have been pretty well hung. 

"Now .. turn away from me so I can get that big, firm ass ... ohhh that is nice! And lean back toward me and untie ... oh yes ... you've got it ... let the ties fall to the side and try and look innocent ... right ... pout your lips ... a little more on the lower lip ... good ... great."

Now I was getting treated to those areolas ... round and brown topped with the thickest and longest nipples I had ever seen. My friends had talked about eraser nipples and all I could think of was nipples the thickness of my middle finger and almost an inch long. I moved in closer and took several shots of her nipples and how the orange glow gave a soft shadow on her tits. 

"Ok sweetie, stand and thrust out you pelvis"

"What's a pelvis?" she asked. 

"uh, like this" and I thrust my hips out.

"It's nice to see that I have an effect on you, Jack!" she smiled and I realized that my bulge was more exposed than I thought. 

As I returned the camera to my eye, I saw movement and realized that Rick was sitting in a chair slowly stroking his very thick cock. 

"Ok babe ... now turn and bend .. good .. very nice nipple shot. Wow, you are amazing. Ok, please put your forearm under your tits and kinda fold both arms under. Ok, yep .. that's it ... and lift them ... look angry or mad. That's good ... now, can you try and suck your nip... ohhh god ... that's wonderful."

She easily lifted her left breast to her mouth and sucked in that long nipple. She was a natural at taking direction and looking seductive. Slowly, she let the nipple slip from her lips as she looked directly into the camera. It was a perfect shot and I was so stunned by what I saw that I almost missed it! She sucked the other while holding both tits in her hands and thrusting her hips toward me. 

"Ok, lay on the rug and pull your panties to the side."

She was a very lippy woman. They were beautiful pussy lips but they were pressed flat. I looked over at Rick and asked him to spread and tease her pussy lips so they had some depth for the camera. 

He had thick fingers and slid one into her wet pussy. His finger came out gooey and she groaned. I kept taking pictures. He moved the juices around her lips rubbing them up and down pulling them out and extending them. She was looking right into the lens and right into me as I clicked picture after picture while her husband finger fucked her. He spread her juices on her pussy lips and clit making them shine. 

"I don't think I'm wet enough." She smiled and her tongue licked her lips. "Honey, would you mind if Jack licked me a little to get my pussy really glistening?"

He chuckled and shook his head. "No problem with me. Go ahead Jack". 

I put the camera aside and took a sip of red wine. She spread her legs for me and I leaned in to an aroma that told me she was plenty wet but she still needed to be licked. I looked up as she leaned back and one hand was pinching her nipple while the other reached down and pushed my face to where she needed licking. I lapped at her left lip and bit gently on her right and licked her clit. It was a big clit and I sucked it in and heard her gasp as my lips created a suction hold and my tongue stroked her. I couldn't help but slide a finger into her sopping pussy and stroked her inner walls. I licked and lapped with the flat of my tongue all over her thick pussy lips and as I slid a second finger in and played with her g-spot, I sucked her clit. 

I kept going even though my tongue and jaw were tiring. She was enjoying it so much but I was loving it. I had to adjust my cock in my shorts but I kept up the intensity. 

Her whole body trembled. I looked up to see her tits wobble left and right as her fingertips pulled and twisted her nipples. "I'm cumming!! OH Rick, I'm cumming!!" 

She reached for his cock and he gladly fed it to her as I continued my assault on her clit and pussy. My fingers flew in and out of her pussy curling up to that fleshy mound inside her cunt. His cock barely fit in her mouth and she gobbled the fat head in quickly sucking it hard, the hollow of her cheeks clearly visible. 

She bucked again and again and I could tell that her orgasm was finally subsiding. I got my camera and took pictures of her gaping hole. It was a beautiful wet pussy shot and in the background, barely out of focus, were her tits with those giant areolas, extended nipples and Rick's cock pressing deep into her mouth. Her pussy lips curled around as if my fingers were still there. I got close ups of her pussy with the panties still pulled aside and she posed first one, then two, and finally three fingers plunging in and out of her cunt. Scooping up some pussy juice, she rubbed it on Rick's balls and turned to the side and pulled his cock as deep as she could take it into her mouth. 

I took pictures of his veined cock slipping and sliding between her lips as she continued to suck. Her eyes looked from his cock to the camera and she continued to seduce me. They were large brown eyes and a man like me could easily fall for. Rick's hands grabbed the side of her head and he fucked her mouth. His big forearms and biceps framed her face well as his cock plunged into her. She wrapped her arms around his waist and grabbed his ass and pulled him harder into her mouth. 

Suddenly, she pulled him out and looked up at Rick with pleading eyes. The sun was almost down and the natural light was lost. Rick nodded and she turned to me. "Jack, take your cock out and fuck me. I need two cocks now."

I looked at Rick and his face grinned broadly. My shorts and boxers were off me faster than a cat running out of a dog pound. She lay before me on her side and curled her upper leg forward and I straddled her lower leg resting my cock on her inner thigh. 


She looked at me over her shoulder. "Now fuck me hard, Jack!"

I slid my cock in and began my assault on her pussy. She was so wet, I slid in easily. I leaned forward and licked her ear and reached down and squeezed her melons. They were full and thick. Her nipples dragged along my arm with each thrust and I saw Rick's cock pumping his cum into her mouth and she groaned in delight as she swallowed every drop. I kept pumping. My cock was warm and wet and I wanted to stay like that forever. 
