 Chapter 2: The Party

On the drive home from our first swinging experience, I worried that my wife and I would never be able to have "regular" sex again. Would every experience have to top the one before? That would sure put the pressure on being creative. 

I needn't have worried. 

Both my wife and I had sex with others before we met each other. That's normal! Why pretend otherwise. So did I worry when we first met that her previous boyfriend was a gorgeous stud who had gotten her jeans down on their first date? No, I wasn't worried. 

Well, so maybe I was a little worried at the time. But it turned out that it didn't matter then - so why should it matter now. I could get this woman who barely raised her voice at a football game to have screaming orgasms in bed. I just couldn't get any on our first date. Neither one of us would have been as comfortable with sex after we finally got together if we hadn't been taught a few good moves before we met. The real puzzling question was why we had waited so long to go back for advanced lessons from our more experienced friends. 

Nothing may be as exciting as the memory of our first time in bed together, but our first experience with swinging came close. That first week we were so constantly aroused that we dispensed with our usual foreplay almost entirely. We slept in the nude. What was the point of putting anything on if we went to sleep every night spooned together with my limp cock nestled against her sticky pussy? I couldn't crawl out of bed in the morning without sliding between her legs for a few more strokes. If she got home from work first, she would greet me in the entryway with her skirt off and I'd take her bent over the couch in the living room. We couldn't live this way for long – and we didn't.

By the first weekend after the "experience" (as we began to call it), we had settled into a more sustainable lifestyle that allowed us to take time to smell the roses so to speak. Roses, of course, were not what really turned me on. A woman's sexual anatomy from her pubis to her anus is richly endowed with multiple glands that only release their secretions with sexual arousal. The smell and taste of a woman freshly washed and sexually aroused is the ultimate aphrodisiac for me. After the "experience" with Rebecca and Alan, Jocelyn found my attentions erotically stimulating rather than mildly perverted. Instead of squirming uncomfortably, she welcomed my tongue as it left its familiar home in her well licked pussy and explored the nearby territory more thoroughly.

We began to talk more openly about our fantasies for ourselves and for each other. During the month that we were waiting for the party that the Coopers were arranging, we learned all that we could from our first experience with swinging. Our relationship with each other was still secure and loving – maybe more so. We still had a wide range of interests outside of sex that we continued to share with each other. We were no longer preoccupied with sex, but we were ready to share new sexual experiences with each other.

Rebecca described the party as a film festival of very special home movies. The other 2 couples (besides the Coopers and us) had been at the parties before and were comfortable with the setting. We were the newcomers and our arrival was welcomed with much anticipation – especially after the Coopers had shown the film that they had made with us to the other prospective party goers. We, in turn, had gotten a Special Edition DVD of our soon to be intimate friends.

I was told that these arrangements avoided the disappointment of being turned down. It was understood that any couple who was uncomfortable with any other couple should simply not attend. This was just fine with us. Neither my wife nor I were very skilled in the art of seduction. But even I could seduce a willing woman who I had already seen suck off two cocks when I knew that she had watched me pumping my cock into the hostess of the party. 

As the date of the party grew closer, I began to have reservations that were as unexpected as they were unwelcome. I had previously been mildly frustrated with my wife's inhibitions when I had wanted to experiment sexually. Now I was unnerved by her newly acquired self-confidence. This woman, who a month ago had been reluctant to let an old friend put his hand on her bare thigh, now told me how excited she was by the prospect of having two men she had just met make love to her at the same time.

I didn't want to spoil a good time so I said nothing. I was saved by the familiarity of a good marriage. A gesture or a slight change in expression can mean more to your spouse after a dozen years of marriage than a night of soul searching dialogue can convey on those first few dates. She could read me and she did.

"I know what you're thinking." She said to me on the drive over to the Cooper's.

"You do, do you?"

"Yes, I do. You're afraid I'll have more fun."

Her tone was not accusing, though she knew I would disagreed with what she said. I could have protested, but I kept my mouth shut. I waited for her to say more.

"When we dine at a fine restaurant, we order different entrees and eat different portions, but we both enjoy ourselves and are equally satisfied."

"So you're saying that with my sexual appetite I should order raw meat for hors d'oeuvres?"

"You're hopeless."

What a women my wife was! Some women build their man's confidence with lies like "No stud's ever fucked me like that." She could both reassure me and put a bulge in my pants with a bad analogy. 

And with that, we rolled into the Cooper's driveway behind the unlikely combination of a Honda Civic and a Ford F-150. 

The event started off conventionally enough with badminton on the back lawn in the soft light of the early evening. It was not what I expected of swingers, but I had no experience of what to expect. It turned out to be surprisingly good fun. We played with our spouses and then we switched partners as one or more of the players were called to tend to the barbeque or set up the tables. There was no rain this time. By late evening, we were all better acquainted with each other and quite comfortable to be at our first "lifestyle" party.

The tone of the party changed abruptly after the meal was finished and the tables cleared. We all filed through the party room and then the men went to one end of the house while the women went to the other. The two groups would meet later in the room where my wife had first spread her knees apart and opened up our relationship.

The seating in the party room was arranged around a large mattress in the center of the space. The couch where Alan and my wife had sat that night was pushed against one wall. Another couch and some cushions had been brought in to accommodate the group. Seductive music played quietly. Several TV screens had been placed around the room to play clips from the movies that each of the couples had contributed.

The men gathered in the guest room with its tiny shower while the women had the master bedroom with the walk-in shower and Jacuzzi. Each man showered quickly using plenty of soap. All appreciated and expected cleanliness in anticipation of the intimate activities to follow. Choice of clothing for the men was simple. Each man entered the party room naked. Alan reminded me at the last minute that naked included my watch. I would not need it.

Clothing varied for the women. Each woman wore something that she thought accentuated her best features. My wife's green party dress had the most fabric, but was still wildly provocative since it covered neither her nipples nor the full curve of her well rounded ass. Rebecca had worn the least of the four women – only a garter belt to accentuate her long slender legs.

As they entered the room, each woman greeted each man in turn until they had gone around the group getting squeezes and hugs and giving playful tugs and kisses. When my wife reached me, she pressed her lips up to my ear and whispered that she was truly enjoying herself - as if I couldn't tell. I gave her a playful pat on the rear as she moved on to the next man in line. She looked over her shoulder and gave me a glowing smile that evaporated the last of my apprehensions. How could I not enjoy myself with the assurance that this remarkable woman was coming home with me.

As the "new" woman in the group, my wife was given the center stage to start the evening. She could choose any partner or combination of partners that fulfilled her desires.

My wife played up the drama of the moment by slowly looking around the room until her eyes come to rest on Michael, the petite librarian's husband. With a simple nod of her head, she had him join her in the center of the circle. He was well built, but short. My wife was tall for a woman, but not unusually so. Yet, when he embraced my wife, she had to bend down slightly to meet his kiss. Judging from the obvious passion in their embrace, the difference in heights didn't seem to matter.

As I watched my wife push her tongue into this stranger's mouth, I marveled that the only emotions I felt were pride in my wife's sexuality and desire to see her fuck this short man with the mischievous sense of humor. I looked down the length of my naked body and saw a huge, stiff cock encircled by my fist. No clothes. No inhibitions. No jealousy. This was going to be a good night. If only I could keep from squirting my first load into the air until one of these nearly naked woman was kind enough to slip it into her pussy.

Finally the couple in the center of the circle broke out of their embrace. Michael dropped to his knees and pulled my wife's dress down to her waist. She leaned forward slightly to swing her breasts into his waiting mouth. He sucked first one and then the other nipple. When her nipples were pink and hard from his sucking, he seized the hem of her dress and pushed it up to her waist. His movements were smooth and confident. What was once a sexy dress of stretchy green spandex that almost covered her nipples and ass was now a crumpled belt of fabric that hid nothing. With all of her sexuality now on display, the short, naked man positioned my wife for his next move.

Jocelyn stood in the center of the mattress with a perplexed expression as he moved her feet unnaturally far apart so that her legs formed a wide-based triangle. I was expecting by now to see her penetrated by a huge cock while she waved her legs in the air and screamed. This wasn't what I expected. Michael looked at me and returned my curious stare with a teasing smile. "Patience cricket", he seemed to be saying. "Watch the master." 

Neither my wife nor I had figured out what he was going to do when he lay on his back with his feet between my wife's legs, but the others started to laugh. Then he raised himself up off his back with his arms and legs in a greatly relaxed variation of the limbo and started to crawl forward beneath my wife. We immediately cheered our encouragement. When his upturned face was passing under the "bar" of my wife's pussy, my wife's laughter turned to intense concentration as he probed her with his tongue. His performance was greeted by hoots and applause.

I marveled at his flexibility and his equipment. With his back arched upward, his cock was on prominent display for all the enthusiastic spectators. Compared to the other men in the room, his cock was extraordinarily short. Even with the foreskin hanging over the tip, he could not have been more than 3 to 4 inches.

He finally emerged from beneath Jocelyn's spread legs with a shiny nose and a big grin. We continued to cheer as he acknowledged our applause. When the applause had quieted, my wife was still grinning at Michael. Her back was now turned to him. Without changing her stance, she bent down until she could see him through her legs and beckoned him to come back through. When he hesitated, she reached her hands around her thighs and spread her ass cheeks apart to expose the bright pink flesh of her asshole. She grinned even more broadly as the audience responded with more hoots and jeering. Michael took the dare. Grabbing her ass cheeks from her, he planted a wet kiss in the middle and then started back under to the obvious pleasure of the crowd.

Jocelyn put an end to the fooling around when he emerged on the other side. She pulled him to his feet and then fell to her knees in front of him. She reached her hands between his legs and pulled his cock into her mouth. With his cock shoved into her mouth, her nose was nuzzled deep in his pubic hair. The only noise now was the slurping sounds that she made as she sucked on his tool.

The ingenuity of my wife's choice now dawned on me. She had told me of her fantasy to deep throat a man's cock, but she couldn't even say "ahh" in the doctor's office without choking on the tongue blade. To fulfill her oral fantasy, she had simply chosen a shorter cock to swallow – and it appeared to be working.

Michael was responding to my wife's attentions. He was holding her by her hair and thrusting into her mouth while she worked her tongue around his shaft. When he was reaching the height of arousal, she pulled away. As his cock passed over her lips, she tugged on the foreskin and revealed the bright red knob on his short pink shaft. He was freely leaking precum. A strand connected her lips and the tip of his cock as they separated. 

To his obvious disappointment, she stood up and embraced him while whispering something in his ear. He nodded in agreement and accepted his instructions unquestioningly. It was her fantasy and he was just one of the actors in it.

She turned to the other spectators, all of whom wished that they would now be chosen to fulfill her fantasy. She had been chatting a lot with Peter earlier in the evening when we were all still dressed. They had obviously hit it off well. He was chosen next and entered the center of the circle with an enthusiastic smile. Peter was as tall and heavy set as Michael was short and trim, but he had an enormous thick erection that was obviously destined to play a role in my wife's fantasy. 

Jocelyn positioned him on his back and lowered herself onto his waiting cock without hesitation. The whole evening had been foreplay. Now she needed to be fucked. His thick shaft spread open the engorged folds of her labia and pushed her swollen clitoris out for all to see. Sitting impaled on Peter's cock, she motioned for Michael to move closer so she could finish what she had started. 

Even with one cock deep inside her pussy and another in her hand, she was not satisfied. She asked Michael's wife to get behind her and think of something creative. Hannah, the petite librarian, took her position with obvious eagerness to demonstrate her ingenuity.

The final actor in my wife's fantasy was me. She turned to me with a seductive smile.

"I know you want to watch me so I'm going to make this easy for you. I want you to fuck Hannah from behind while I suck off her husband. Is that close enough to fulfill your fantasy?"

I was grateful for the opportunity. I was afraid that I was going to lose my first load before ever touching anyone but myself. Not that masturbation would be frowned upon at this party, but, with so many beautiful women, it seemed a waste to jerk off.

By the time I joined the foursome, Jocelyn had returned her attention to Michael, who had gone a little soft while she was surrounding herself with sex partners. Hannah had already positioned herself on her stomach between Peter's legs and was licking his balls while kneading the soft flesh of my wife's ass.

I crawled up over Hannah's back and kissed her bare shoulders and neck. Her body may have been delicate, but her sexual appetite was robust. As soon as she felt my body touch hers, she started to undulate beneath me, rubbing her back against my chest sensuously. I slide up her back until my cock nestled in the crack of her ass cheeks like a hot dog in a bun. She squealed with delight and thrust back against me vigorously. 

I propped myself up on my outstretched arms to take my more substantial weight off her petite frame. In a sexually charged pile of writhing bodies, even the pressure of Peter's muscular legs against my outstretched arms was surprisingly erotic, contrasting sharply with the tactile sensations of Hannah's sheer stockings and Jocelyn's smooth flesh. 

With my cock free to shuttle along the crease of Hannah's ass, my head was level with the middle of my wife's back and only inches away from her. I could see the muscles in her back work as she alternately received the thrusts of Michael and Peter. Individual strands of hair were matted by sweat to her cheek, which periodically bulged outward from the pressure of Michael's cock. Sweat dribbled down her back, formed into a rivulet in the crack of her ass and then mixed with the froth coating Peter's shaft with each thrust. I had watched my own cock slide into her mouth and pussy many times before. Now I saw two other men's cocks doing together what I had so often done alone. 

I needed my cock in a pussy and sooner than now. Hannah wore a belt simply for decoration since she had on neither a skirt to be held up nor a blouse to be tucked in. I grabbed the belt with one hand and lifted her off the mattress. She held onto Peter's cock tenaciously and gave one last long lick up the shaft to where it was buried between my wife's engorged labia. When Hannah finally let go, we fell backward together as I lost my balance.

Her need was as urgent as mine. We moved quickly to satisfy our mutual desires. She rolled onto her back beside Peter and swung her legs up in the air over my shoulders. I positioned myself above her sex. The folds of tissue spreading out from her pussy were long and delicate like the petals of a flower. She looked too small for the huge rough shaft that I held over her, but I pushed the lips of her pussy apart with the head of my cock and thrust the shaft in until I could feel the firmness of her pubic bone against mine. She let out a huge gasp of air and arched her back to rub the head of my cock against a pleasure spot never reached by her husband.

Jocelyn's face was now only inches away, but she didn't see me. Her eyes were open but glassy. Her mind was in its own world of sexual fulfillment. Michael had grabbed her long auburn hair and was holding her against him. Her lips touched the dense patch of his pubic hair where the root of his shaft entered her mouth. He was no longer thrusting. His testicles were pulled up deep inside him. Hannah and I stopped just long enough to watch our spouses at the edge of orgasm. Michael's body convulsed as he exploded inside my wife's mouth. As she swallowed each load, Jocelyn's body also began to shudder. Only a single glob of cum escaped her lips and hung suspended from her chin. She had mastered deep-throating. She was having her first orgasm while giving head.

My attentions were not on my wife for long. Hannah's nails dug into my back and pulled me hard against her. Her breasts were barely teacups suspended from her chest when she was on her hands and knees. Now on her back, her breasts were barely saucers. With the intensity of our fucking, her nipples slide around the saucers like ice cubes on a hot griddle. 

In another setting, I would have thought this petite librarian pleasant but not particularly sexy. I thought I was attracted to women like my wife with broad shoulders and large breasts. Neil Young was right. Love the one you're with. And right now I couldn't get enough of the thin silky legs on my shoulders, the tiny little nipples bouncing around her chest or the once gentle voice now screaming to give her a rough fucking. What carried me over the top was the expression on my wife's face as she touched my arm.
