 She put her hand on my shoulder. She wouldn't lean over to look at the screen. That would show too much interest. She was trying her best to appear detached - perhaps even mildly bored. I clicked the mouse to bring up the next image.

"You're so photogenic." I looked up at her from my seat in front of the computer to see her reaction.

She studied the photo for a moment. In the photo, she was sitting on the sofa with her legs pulled up to her chest smiling at the camera. The smooth white skin of her thighs was exposed above sheer black stockings with a ruffled garter. The short red satin and black lace negligee was pulled partway off one shoulder exposing a nipple. The photo was a study in contrasts. The smile said "wholesome", the stockings said "naughty" and the rumpled negligee said "fuck me". How could any man be so lucky and still want more?

"I don't see any movie stars." She paused for a moment. "I don't understand why you get so excited taking these pictures. I look so average. Just a 40-something married woman with large breasts and glasses."

"I know, but that doesn't mean you're not beautiful. I still love to look at you - really look at you."

"And you can't do that when we make love?"

"No. I'm too busy - and I only get one angle. With the camera I can get any angle - and I can savor it as long as I want." I turned in my chair to face her. 

Her robe hung open. Her breasts were just at the level of my face. I snuggled between them and licked at her moist skin. She was still flushed from making love. I reached around her to caress her smooth ass cheeks.

"You have such a dirty mind. I suppose I like that in a man." She teased, "But what would the Coopers say if they saw us in those photos?"

"Don't bring the Coopers into it. They're a perfectly normal couple with perfectly normal wants and desires, so ..." and then I added with a smirk, " so they probably have a professional video studio - and they share their home made porn with friends." 

She raised an eyebrow and smiled coyly. "Unlikely story! But ..." She paused suggestively, with no hint that she was going to finish the sentence.

"But what?" I encouraged her. "What do you know about the Coopers that you don't want me to know?"

"It's nothing I know for sure. It was just something that she suggested."

"And what was that?" I asked. 

I was starting to get both annoyed at her coyness and excited by her teasing. She really knew how to get to me– but at least she never left me unsatisfied once she had me aroused.

"You know how they invited us to their house tomorrow afternoon for a barbecue. Well, Rebecca came over this morning to make plans and we got to talking about all sorts of things. I don't know how it came up, but I told her about the green party dress that you got me for our last photo session. She said I should bring it over – and that I might just get the chance to wear it."

"You told her about that dress?" I stammered incredulously. "That dress pushes your breasts up without covering your nipples! You're begging any man within reach to fondle you." 

I added, "Not that I'd mind seeing Alan's reaction."

"I bet you'd also like to see Becky in the dress, wouldn't you?"

"OK. I admit it. I'm a male and I'm alive. What else do I have to plead to?"

She smiled coyly at me and then hit the key to advance to the next picture.

"Did you show her any of our "special" photos?" I asked with increasing curiosity.

"About the time I finished describing the dress (and your reaction to it), I'll admit that I was starting to get a little wet down there ..." She hesitated.

"And..."

"And then the doorbell rang, so we never got to finish."

"Is that why you were so hot this afternoon? You imagined Alan and Rebecca watching you make love to me in that dress."

"No. I imagined Becky in my dress lowering herself onto that pole of yours, while Alan and I watched."  She watched my cock twitch involuntarily at the suggestion. Her boldness had taken me by surprise. She looked proud of herself. She had gotten me fully aroused again even after I had already shot a load or two.

"You'd really like to do that. I mean, wouldn't you be jealous or embarrassed or ... or, something?" I stammered.

"Would you?" She smiled coyly at me once again. Was she making fun of my overactive libido or was she really considering sharing sex with our good friends?

She wasn't going to give me the answer at that moment. She causally turned to the screen. "I like this one the best." she said, changing the subject.

She let her robe fall off her shoulders and sat on my lap. From the screen, our images smiled back at us. In the picture, she was on her hands and knees looking toward the camera with her face flushed and contorted by the intense pleasures of orgasm. I was behind her with my hands gripped around her waist. There was just enough space between us to see a couple inches of my cock as it slid into her.

"Nice legs," I said.

"You're not looking at my legs," she snapped in feigned reproach.

"Nice wet cunt!" I corrected.

"Nice hard cock!" she replied.

We laughed. I slide my hand between her thighs. She opened up to let my fingers feel her wetness. Some of the juice we had just made together came dribbling out on my bare thigh. She pulled my fingers out of her wet pussy and guided my turgid cock back in. It felt so comfortable to be inside her while looking at ourselves making love.

(the next afternoon)

The carefully planned and much anticipated barbecue at the Coopers had not gone well. We had just finished the appetizers when a sudden rain squall turned the picnic on their deck into a hurried scramble for shelter. Then the sliding door to the patio got jammed. By the time we got inside with our stuff, we were all soaking wet. Rebecca found robes for us to wear and collected our wet cloths to put in the dryer. It would be at least a half hour before any of our cloths could be worn again, so we all settled in the living room to warm up with hot coffee. Though Rebecca and Alan had other dry cloths in their house, they too had put on robes.

Rebecca had taken the other overstuffed chair opposite mine. Her blond hair hung limply on her shoulders after the rain. Her long thin figure was graceful under a blue silk robe.

My wife, Jocelyn, sat in the center of the couch. Her "robe" looked like no more than the top half of a set of silk pajamas. She crossed her legs and absentmindedly tugged at the hem of her robe in a series of unsuccessful attempts to cover more of her thighs.

Alan brought in the coffee and sat it on a low table in front of Jocelyn. She held her robe together over her thighs with one hand as she leaned forward to pick up one of the cups. The rest of us took the remaining three cups from the tray. The dark hot coffee spiked with Kahlua chased away the chill of the rain.

Alan turned to me. "I'm afraid we've botched the picnic. Do you want me to pick a movie to watch instead?" 

"Let me!" I volunteered.

Alan glanced over at his wife. He had a vaguely frustrated look, like I had unwittingly disturbed their plans, but he graciously accepted my offer. Then he turned and sat next to my wife on the narrow couch. She shifted a bit away from him as he sat down. His robe was no longer than hers, but he was not as self-conscious with just his essentials being covered. 

"What would you like to watch?" I asked, as I got up and walked over to the shelves by their wide screen HDTV. The Coopers were in love with electronics and always had the best of everything.

"How about a musical? I'm in the mood for something light," my wife suggested.

"They do have a good selection." I paused, taking in the racks of DVDs stacked in neat categories. My eye caught on a particularly exciting little corner of the cabinet.

"I was going to suggest My Fair Lady, but I see that they have one of your favorites ...My Bare Lady," I laughed and looked right at my wife.

Jocelyn looked younger than her 42 years when she blushed. Her laugh was almost a giggle. I was glad she hadn't gotten ticked off at me for embarrassing her in front of our friends.

Rebecca laughed with me. "I thought that we'd put those away more carefully - but My Bare Lady is one of my favorites, too. I like classic porn. They always look like they really enjoy having sex."

Jocelyn shifted nervously. "It does have more of an appealing plot and attractive characters than most of that type ... but the singing is worse than my husband in the shower."

"Would you like to see it again? They've remastered the VHS tape to DVD. Maybe the sound quality is better." Alan asked.

"I don't know," Jocelyn replied quickly. "I've probably said more than I should already."

"Not at all," Rebecca leaned forward as she spoke. "You shouldn't feel embarrassed among friends to admit watching what we all do, you know, have sex." She put the emphasis on "have sex." And then she continued, "and we all want to do more of it, don't we?"

Jocelyn warmed with Rebecca's reassurance. "You're right. Or at least you agree with Greg. I think my husband secretly wants to direct a porn movie – and he wants me to be his star actress, if you can call that acting." She looked over at me, perhaps hoping that I would be a little uncomfortable. I was. My pasted-on grin must have looked a little self-conscious.

Rebecca continued talking directly to Jocelyn, "Have you ever made a video of yourself making love?"

Jocelyn fidgeted with her robe again. "We've taken digital photos. Greg is more excited by the idea of making movies than I am, but I'll admit the idea is interesting."

"Would you like to see one of our home movies? Alan and I enjoy having sex on film." Rebecca asked.

I kept silent, while watching my wife's reaction with excited anticipation.

Jocelyn turned to Alan. "Do you like other men watching your wife make love?" Her question was bolder than I expected.

Alan's answer was calm and sincere. "Yes. Doesn't your husband like other men to watch you?"

Jocelyn squirmed a little and laughed nervously. "I just assumed that Greg had hornier fantasies than most. So its true that men can get turned on by the fantasy of their women being attractive to other men."

Rebecca picked up the conversation. "It doesn't have to be a fantasy and its not just men. Women like to watch, too. I like to see Alan have sex with other women, so long as he brings the heat back to share with me. That's the gift of swinging in a stable relationship."

Jocelyn shifted nervously and protested. "But why should it be necessary to go outside of a loving relationship?"

Rebecca continued. "Of course, it's not necessary. It's just fun. For example, I'm getting excited right now by how intently Alan has been looking at your thighs ... and how many times you've pulled on your robe to try to cover them. You do have lovely thighs, you know."

Jocelyn uncrossed and crossed her legs self-consciously. In that instant, her robe fell open briefly over the soft bush of her pubic hair.

"... and a beautiful mound of pubic hair." Rebecca quickly added.

Jocelyn's next reaction was critical. Would she be offended and demand to go home - or would she warm to the situation. My fantasies were soon fulfilled.

She looked down into her lap for a moment, then she gently lifted one corner of the robe and exposed her generous triangle of pubic hair again. "It is nice, isn't it?" She spoke to me now. "Are you excited by Alan looking at me?"

"Yes," I replied. "and I'd be even more excited if you let him touch you. Would you like that?"

A barely audible "Yes" was all Jocelyn said, and then she bit her lip nervously.

Alan moved over on the couch next to Jocelyn. She kept her legs together, but let him put his hand on her knee and run his palm up the smooth surface of her bare thigh. She inhaled sharply as he ran his fingers through her pubic hair. He undid the remaining buttons that held her robe together. She leaned forward slightly to let him slip it off and expose the full length of her naked body. 

Jocelyn looked intently at me and then at her friend for our reactions. Becky had already thrown off her robe and had a finger deep inside her pussy as she watched my wife and her husband. Encouraged by Becky's exhibitionism, I was gently tugging on my cock as precum oozed out the tip. Jocelyn watched Becky and I masturbate for what seemed like a very long minute, then she threw her head back over the top of the sofa and spread her knees wide apart.

Jocelyn was already highly aroused. Although her pussy had yet to be touched, her labia were engorged and pink. A trickle of fluid seeped out of her vagina. Alan's fingers ran up the wet crease and rubbed her protruding clitoris before he slipped a finger inside her. He kissed her on the neck as his swollen cock touched her bare leg. She took his shaft in her hand and gently stroked it.

"That feels nice," Jocelyn said to no one in particular. Then, looking right at me, she asked, "Do you really like watching me as much as you thought you would?"

"Yes. You're the most sensuous woman in the world right now." My voice must have quivered with excitement. 

Jocelyn watched me stroking my cock harder as I watched my friend press a second finger into her pussy. She held his hand still so that she could speak again without trembling, but made no effort to remove his fingers.

"That's sweet of you to say, because I am just about ready to fulfill all of your fantasies and most of mine. Do you still think I'm photogenic?" Jocelyn asked. 

"Yes! You cannot believe how much I'd like to get a picture of you now." I answered in an obvious state of arousal.

"I'd be glad to lend a video camera - and my husband." Rebecca volunteered.

"I'd like that." Jocelyn replied simply.

Alan's assent to her plan was a long wet kiss on my wife's slightly parted lips.

(in their bedroom)

Their bedroom was uniquely suited to the purpose at hand. A king size bed thrust out into the center of a large room with a vaulted ceiling. Four solid oak posts supported a large canopy above the bed. Rich satin sheets were chosen to complement warm flesh tones. From any angle in the room, the occupants of the bed were visible in a large mirror hanging on the wall above the head of the bed.

Rebecca dragged studio lights and reflectors from the closet. She adjusted the position of each light until the angle was to her liking. I set up one camera on a tripod. A hand held video camera was available for close-ups.

Jocelyn glanced furtively into the mirror. She had crossed her legs again and had begun to look a little tense with each delay. Alan relaxed beside her. He brushed his leg up against her and casually laid his hand on her breast. She looked at him and smiled.

"You'll like this," he said. "But you can stop it anytime you're uncomfortable."

"I know," she replied while rolling over to face him. "I'm just a bit nervous. I'll be OK as soon as get a little taste of this." As she spoke, she took his cock in her hand and smiled coyly.

He leaned forward and took one of her nipples in his mouth. He sucked hard and pulled away until the nipple snapped out of his mouth with an audible pop. She laughed and snapped his cock like a driver jumping off a spring board. His gently teasing had released her tension. She lay back with her legs apart and gently fingered herself.

Rebecca had finished with the lights. She flicked on the videocam and signaled to the naked couple on the bed. "You're on - Take One."

Jocelyn looked at the camera for an instant and then looked at me. Her expression spoke volumes. The nervous excitement of a first experience was obvious in her expression. Her desire to be sexually fulfilled by Alan was equally apparent. I was touched by her need for my approval even in such a state of arousal. The subtle gesture spoke volumes about the importance of our relationship to each other. Any lingering apprehensions I had about what was about to happen were lifted from me. I nodded my encouragement as if to say that this was for both of us but she got to go first. I expected to have fun. But whatever happened, we would still be a couple in the morning.

Alan let my wife make the first move. She traced her fingers lightly over his body to let the tension build.  When her fingers reached his lips, he sucked on each finger in turn before she offered him a nipple. She pressed his face into her chest and smothered him with her breasts. He came up for air and Jocelyn gave him a full kiss on the mouth. When they finally separated, she licked his slightly parted lips and he sucked her tongue back into his mouth. 

The nudge of her body as she leaned forward rolled Alan onto his back. Jocelyn draped her ample breasts over his chest and slid them down his body until the tip of his penis poked from between her cleavage. She wet the tip of his erection with her tongue, then took the smooth pink head into her mouth. He grinned with pleasure. She held onto the base of his cock as she worked her way into a better position to swallow more of it. Her hands massaged the sensitive shaft and played with his balls gently. Her cheeks bulged as she worked her tongue around the organ that she was trying to swallow.

By now Jocelyn was facing his feet in a full 69 position with her soft bush of pubic hair just above his face. Her pussy glistened pink with arousal. I got behind her and focused my camera in close. Alan reached up with his tongue and touched her. She let go of his cock and sat upright. Her womanhood pressed down on his face. He lapped his tongue along her wet crease. She moaned appreciatively and moved her pelvis in small circles on top of him.

From my vantage point, I could see him working his tongue into her pussy and then sucking the folds of her labia until they were fully engorged and deep red. Alan grabbed the cheeks of her ass and pulled them apart giving me a clear view of her little pink ass hole. When she was really, really turned on, she would forget to push me away when I touched her there. I knew my wife was turned on now, because I could see Alan's tongue work its way down from her pussy until it lapped into the little depression. My wife let out a muffled groan and the tight little muscles around the opening quivered in the ecstasy of her excitement. Jocelyn looked over her shoulder at me with an expression of pure lust. She watched the camera recording Alan's tongue as it explored the most private of her erogenous zones. She was too aroused to care – or so aroused that the act of being watched enhanced her excitement. 

Alan pushed up on Jocelyn thighs and slipped his head out from underneath her. His chin was shiny with her wetness. He picked up one of the robes and wiped his face. 

I brushed against Jocelyn's arm as she changed positions. She took my hand and squeezed it quickly before letting go. We exchanged a glance acknowledging that something fundamental had changed in our relationship. She had loved for me to lick the tender patch of skin between her vagina and her anus, but she could never actually ask me to do it – and usually pretended that it never happened after it was over. Now we could watch it on film again and again, if we wanted. It was hard to explain, but I had the feeling that sharing our most intimate pleasures with others was making it easier for us to be intimate with ourselves.

Rebecca knelt on the bed beside Jocelyn while setting her in position for the next scene.  "I want a little in and out action now. You kneel here facing my camera. Put your elbows on the bed. That puts your butt way up in the air." Rebecca looked at the results of her directing. "Nice curves," she said as felt the well exercised muscle of my wife's ass.

"Alan you get behind her and do what comes naturally. Greg, I want you behind both of them getting some more close-ups."
