 Taking one last deep breath to steady her nerves Zoe rang the doorbell. In the midst of failing miserably to find a birthday present for Adam she spotted an advert for a boudoir photography session. It was advertised as being both confidence building and an original present for a loved one. She had read the details on the website over and over, concentrating on the bits that stressed how she would be made to feel at ease and wouldn't be expected to do anything she wasn't comfortable with.

For a moment her courage and resolve slipped and she considered walking away and giving up her deposit. But then the door opened and she would have felt too foolish to have been seen chickening out. An attractive brunette lady greeted her "Hi, I'm Lucy. You must be Zoe. Please come in." Zoe shook the outstretched hand and followed Lucy up stairs into a reception area. "Stephen will be here shortly to discuss today's proceedings. Can I get you a coffee while you wait?" Zoe accepted the offer and looked around the room while she waited for her drink. It looked clean, smart and modern and she was comforted by the absence of any kind of sleaziness about the place.

Lucy appeared with the coffee, followed by a tall, fit looking man with short dark hair and a friendly smile. "Hi, I'm Stephen" he said, extending his hand. Zoe remained seated while they shook hands, then he took a seat opposite her. Over coffee he explained how the session would proceed, which basically involved Lucy helping her with wardrobe, make up etc and him guiding her through the different poses and actually taking the photos. Finally he told her that the whole point was really for her to enjoy the experience, so if at any time she felt uncomfortable with a pose, or choice of clothing then she shouldn't be afraid to say so. "And remember, apart from Lucy and me, the only people who will see the pictures are you and anyone you choose to share them with. You ready to go?" Zoe nodded her assent and Lucy took her hand and led her through to the dressing room.

"Right, if you want to change into your first choice of lingerie I'll see if I can find something nice to go with it." Zoe couldn't believe how matter of fact Lucy made it sound, but then again, she reasoned, she must do this a lot. As Zoe started to undress Lucy made no effort to look away, causing her to feel more than a little self-conscious. Lucy's efforts to make her feel relaxed by telling her how good she looked and what a lovely body she had didn't really help much.

Once she was completely naked Zoe began to sort through the collection of lingerie she had brought with her. Selecting a pair of fishnet hold-ups, a black lacy thong, and semi-sheer vest top, she got herself ready for her first outfit. Lucy selected a very short, very tight, very clingy black dress for her to try on. Her fingers brushed lightly against Zoe's back as she helped her pull the dress on over her head, causing and involuntary shiver. "I'm sorry, did I hurt you?"

"No, no, not at all. It's just that my back is, err, quite sensitive." Zoe could feel herself blushing but didn't know why. Plenty of women had seen her undressing and dressing in the gym changing rooms, so there was no reason to feel differently about it here.

"I'll try and be more careful next time" smiled Lucy. "Have a look in the mirror and see what you think. For what it's worth I think you look stunning."

Zoe blushed again at the compliment as Lucy ushered her across to stand in front of the mirror. Even standing up straight the lace tops of her stockings were visible below the hem of the dress, but given the nature of the photoshoot she figured that would be OK. It wasn't as though she was going out shopping in it.

"Happy?"

"I guess." She felt suddenly very nervous.

"Don't worry, you'll be fine. Stephen is very good and very professional. He'll have you feeling sexy and relaxed in no time." Lucy gave her a quick hug of encouragement and led her through to the studio. The room was bright and airy, with a large cream L-shaped sofa dominating the floor space.

Stephen started off with some shots of her sitting on the sofa, variously leaning forward and back; with her legs crossed and slightly parted. Her posing was extremely stiff and unnatural at first, but there was something about Stephen's voice and manner that helped her relax, and she became much more natural. Once she started to relax he got her to pose on the sofa on all fours while he worked around taking shots from all sorts of angles and heights. Then he moved her round to the back of the sofa and got her to lean over it.

At his instruction Lucy moved in to hitch the dress up, completely exposing her legs and bum. She quickly got over her initial shock at the suddenness of this action and even spread her legs without question when Stephen instructed her. All the time he was telling her how sexy she looked and how much her husband was going to enjoy his birthday present. Normally she would have found another man telling her she looked sexy sleazy and threatening, but that was not the case here. She just found it flattering.

Stephen's professionalism meant that each pose was just a bit more revealing and erotic than the last, and he had Zoe laid back on the sofa with her legs apart and her hands stroking her thighs above her stocking tops before suggesting that it was time for the dress to come off. Once more Lucy was ready and willing to help, pulling the dress up over Zoe's head.

She was suddenly aware of how visible her breasts were through her top to a man she had only met half an hour ago, and instinctively put her hands up to cover them. Stephen was having none of that and with some gentle persuasion had her once more adopting a series of more and more daring poses. Zoe was now very well aware that her nipples were poking through the flimsy material of her top, betraying the effect the proceedings were having on her.

The sight wasn't lost on Stephen who suggested that she remove the top. Instinctively she objected, but Stephen pointed out just how revealing her top was in any case. "But it's still a top. It's alright for you, you're keeping your clothes on."

"If I remove my t-shirt will you take off your top?" After a period of feeling reasonably comfortable Zoe felt herself once more blushing furiously.

"That's not what I meant" she protested. But even as she spoke he pulled his t-shirt off over his head, revealing a trim athletic torso. With a shrug of resignation she tugged her vest off and passed it to Lucy. After a few more shots to get her back into some sort of comfort zone Stephen asked her to start caressing her breasts. In response to her objections he pointed out how much Adam would enjoy the resulting photos.

Closing her eyes she started to fondle her pert boobs, initially in a very awkward manner, like a teenage boy's first attempt on his girlfriend. However as her nipples hardened further she actually started to enjoy the sensation, and for a moment even forgot that she was being photographed by a complete stranger. She was only jerked back to reality by Stephen's exclamation of "Amazing."

Her eyes opened wide at the sound of his voice, but her hands kept working away, stroking and gently pinching at the nipples. "Ready for the next stage?" he asked. "The next stage? What's that?"

"The nude shots."

"What, fully nude?"

"It's the next logical step for the photo album."

Zoe had no idea where her next words came from, and it was almost like she was listening to somebody else speak when she said "I will if you will."

"Me? Why?"

"It just seems fair."

"OK, if you're sure."

"I am."

Zoe began to peel her stockings off down her legs as she watched Stephen remove his shoes and socks, and then his jeans. The bulge in his boxers gave away how much he was enjoying his work. Zoe stood up with her fingers in the waistband of her panties, waiting for him to fulfil his side of the agreement. She mirrored his actions as he lowered his underwear, so that a moment later they were both standing there totally naked. She let out an inadvertent gasp at the sight of his erection poking straight out in front of him.

The poses were now blatantly erotic, with Zoe lying on her back on the sofa, her legs apart, stroking her pussy as he snapped away. She was so distracted by her own feelings of arousal that she barely noticed him climb onto the sofa and position himself between her legs to get a fresh angle. Although he was only as far up as her knees, his straining cock seemed to be almost within touching distance of her pussy. She fixed her eyes on it as she slid two fingers into her pussy, making it obvious where her mind was going.

She had completely forgotten about Lucy until she felt a soft gentle hand fondling her breast. Looking up she saw that Lucy had started to remove her little white vest, revealing her small, firm breasts. Zoe smiled up at her, feeling suddenly curious about how it would feel to touch another woman's boobs. Stephen took advantage of this distraction to ease further up so that the tip of his cock was indeed now touching Zoe's pussy.

She gasped, part in surprise and part in pleasure. A professional to the last Stephen kept snapping away, even as he began to enter her. She was so wet that he slid easily in, filling her with his rock hard flesh. Having stripped off completely Lucy now came around the other side of the sofa and knelt down beside Zoe, lowering her face slowly towards her. Zoe's lips parted slightly as she felt Lucy's warm breath on them, followed by the gentlest of kisses. 

Stephen finally gave up on taking photos and putting a hand behind each of Zoe's knees raised her legs up to give him better access. While the intensity of Lucy's kiss increased her fingers found their way to Zoe's clit, rubbing it in time with Stephen's thrusting. Following on from the long build up Zoe was soon on the verge of climax, and felt it starting to build through her whole body before screaming with pleasure as it arrived.

Stephen managed to maintain enough self-control, just, to avoid coming inside her. "How much do you think your husband would enjoy some photos of you and Lucy together?" he asked with a mischievous grin. "Very much" Zoe replied, smiling up at Lucy who lay down on top of her.

There was no doubting that Lucy was taking charge, but Zoe was a very willing subject; sucking on Lucy's nipples when they were offered to her mouth, and allowing her hand to be guided down to Lucy's pussy. After only a little encouragement her fingers began to stroke, rub and probe until with almost no warning she felt Lucy tense up as her orgasm erupted.

That only left Stephen without the benefit of a climax. At Lucy's suggestion Zoe sat up on the edge of the sofa, with her head at the perfect height for him to present his throbbing member up to her mouth. As Zoe began to suck on him, Lucy grabbed his camera and took over the photography duties.

Zoe could taste herself on him, mingled with the taste of his own pre-cum. Applying pressure with her lips and tongue as well as suction she worked expertly as his breathing got heavier and heavier, until he let out a loud groan. Zoe pulled him clear and grabbed his shaft, wanking him hard and fast as he shot jet after jet of hot white cum on her face and breasts. Finally he could take no more and stepped back, allowing Lucy access to start licking Zoe clean. This time when they kissed Zoe could taste Stephen's cum on Lucy's lips.

After a brief silence, Stephen said "I'm very sorry but I'm afraid there's no time for another outfit. You could always come back next week if you want." Zoe promised she would give it serious consideration, before Lucy lead her back through to the dressing room. As she left Lucy gave her the password to their website's secure portal where Zoe would be able to view all of today's pictures. Walking back to her car she wondered just how many of them she should show to Adam.