 "A Lesson She Won't Forget!" 

Janice turned and moved over to Amanda's side of the bed. She then pulled Amanda close and kissed her lips softly. Then glanced over at Todd and told him to find a good spot to sit and watch. She wanted to see him stroking his dick as he watched the two women get it on. 

Janice then said, "The pussy eating lesson is about to begin. Are you ready Amanda?"

Amanda replied, "Oh yes, I cannot wait to begin. My clit is throbbing already!"

Janice then returned her attention to Amanda. She licked her lips when she cupped Amanda's 42D's. Then she purred in delight as she begin kissing and biting Amanda's hard nipples. Then her hands slid them past the gentle flair of her hips until they were resting on Amanda's hot bush. 

Janice sensed that Amanda was unsure of what to do next. She just kissed her and instructed her to lie down. Janice's experienced hands explored every sensual curve of Amanda's She kissed her face with soft butterfly then said, "Just relax Amanda, I am about to take you on a trip through paradise!" 

Janice then kissed Amanda's neck and left a wet trial down her wanting body Amanda moaned softly. When Janice sucked in Amanda's nipple she felt her quiver and moan. 

As Janice ate her Amanda's fingers traced the small of Janice's back and loved the soft velvety feeling of her skin.

Janice paused for a moment then looked over at Todd and he was last in a trace, his hard dick throbbing in his fingers. Suddenly their eyes met, she winked at him and he blew her a kiss, and she knew he loved the show.

Janice continued eating Amanda's pussy. She glanced up into Amanda's eyes as she ran her tongue across the silky public hair. Then Janice spread her labia and slid her tongue along the inner folds of her wanting pussy When she did, Amanda gushed fluid and shuttered with excitement. 

Amanda ran her fingers through Janice's hair urging her mouth on. Janice's experienced tongue was making Amanda dizzy with excitement and she could not wait to return the favor.

Janice, ignored Amanda's clit for the moment and concentrated on tongue fucking her deep inside her hot hole and enjoying the sweet nectar. Amanda arched her back and bucked her hips in an effort to rub her throbbing clit. Janice waited for what seemed like an eternity then slid two fingers deep inside her, then sucked her clit like a hungry kitty lapping at a bowl of milk. 

Amanda screamed and clutched the covers as her first earth shattering climax begin building. Oh god, Amanda did not know a woman's touch would give her so much pleasure! 

Janice's tongue begins to tickle Amanda's clit with increasing fervor as her fingers worked on her pulsating hole. Amanda closed her eyes and let Janice's tongue bring her closer to climax.

Just then, Janice felt a tap on her shoulder and when she looked up she saw Todd's hot member inches away from Amanda's mouth. 

She knew this little scenario would turn him on past the point of just watching. He has always told her that he wanted watch Janice eat another woman. Then join in the fun and fuck the other woman's mouth as Janice ate her pussy. 

Never in her wildest dreams did Amanda realize that having sex with another woman would make her feel so turned on. 

Amanda looked up at Todd's stiff dick, purred like a kitten then opened her mouth and engulfed his dick. She tasted the sweet nectar of his impending climax as her tongue worked its magic. 

Janice slid her finger into Amanda's pussy and finger fucked it deep and hard. But when she slid it into Amanda's ass it caused a chain reaction and a flood of new feelings. Amanda's body shook with wave after wave of a glorious new feeling as an earth shattering climax overtook it. 

Watching the two woman was all that Todd could take he screamed, "Oh fuck, I'm going to cum!" 

Janice stopped eating Amanda and said, "Come all over us darling!"

The two women sat up and lapped at Todd's dick as it spewed it's sweet honey all over the two of them. The two women spent a few minutes licking the delectable delight from each other. 

Then Amanda instructed Janice to lay back and let her taste the familiar sweetness of her juices. She kissed her and their tongues danced in passion. She then began to explore Janice's sensual body with her fingers, mouth and tongue. 

Amanda was lost in desire as her mouth moved from one tit to the other nibbling at the swollen nipples feeling them harden in her lips. She then suckled Janice's nipples like a baby as her hands roamed the rest of her beautiful body.

Janice uttered, "Amanda," as she gave her words of encouragement and taught her the joys of pleasuring another woman. 

For the first time, Amanda felt comfortable having sex with a woman and her mouth tasted the delights of Janice's womanhood.

For the first time Amanda looked at the inner folds of another woman's pussy close up. Her lips unlike Amanda's were smooth shaven with just a small mat of fur on the pubic bone. She parted her lips and ran her tongue the length of Janice's pussy and savored the sweet tangy juices. Her tongue then went in search of Janice's honey. When she slid her tongue into Janice's hot-hole Amanda felt her own juices trickle down her legs. 

Then Amanda ran her tongue across Janice's hard clit and she heard her moan. Then she slipped two fingers inside her and finger fucked her as she continued flicking Janice's clit with her tongue. 

Janice's hands guided Amanda's head close as she moved her hips in fucking motion matching the rhythm of her tantalizing tongue. Janice's breathing became rapid and shallow and Amanda knew she was nearing climax.

Then all the sudden Amanda felt fingers fondling the inner folds of her hot pussy. She stopped eating Janice for a moment and looked back and there was Roger naked and ready for action. 

Roger kissed the back of her neck and said, "Oh honey, when I walked in and saw the hot action, I just had to join the fun! Now, I'm going to slide my hot dick into your tunnel of love and fuck you like you never been fucked before as you as you eat Janice! " 

Amanda was only a beginner, but the feelings were so intense it was if she had done this a dozen times before. As her fingers steadily finger-fucked Janice, her tongue encircled her clit bringing her closer and closer to climax.

Janice begin to shiver and shake and her body tensed. She screamed out Amanda's name and let her know she was cumming. Amanda eagerly swallowed the sweet nectar and then felt my own body quake as another climax overtook her. 

Roger fucked her deep and hard and followed simultaneously cumming and filling Amanda's pussy with his hot juices. 

Janice told Amanda to turn around and do a sixty-nine with her, because she wanted to eat Roger's cum from Amanda hot-box. They quickly got into position as the men watched. 

Amanda continued eating Janice's pussy as Janice hungrily ate Rogers hot cum mixture from Amanda. Amanda screamed, "Ooooooh fuck, yessssssss! I am cumming!" 

Amanda was elated, two of her favorite fantasies became reality on the same night. Here she was having sex with another woman and a foursome.