 My wife Teri never ceases to turn me on. All I have to do is look at her and I get an instant woody, especially when she's in her nightshirt.

I have always been a tit man. Teri's D cups are not only the beautiful work of Mother Nature, but are also of porn star quality, so naturally she had me at "Hello." And her large nipples are "ON" all the time. Due to her conservative sexuality, she wears padded bras every day in order to contain them.

While she loves to come while riding my cock and having me suck those amazing nipples, it takes a lot to get her going. We have watched porn together; she loves to watch a nice stiff cock move in and out of a juicy pussy but will not watch girl on girl action. She would never go for a threesome of any kind. We have purchased games to play, we have oils and toys to enjoy but I can't get her to talk dirty unless she is ultra horny. That doesn't happen very often. 

We are currently separated and trying to put our relationship back together. She is getting really good at phone sex but my fertile mind and dirty talk is the driver for our mutual orgasms. I am a horny bastard with a creative mind and a love of pussy, to suck and fuck.

She has done some photography work for friends and high school seniors, and absolutely nothing risqué since she always shot on film and wouldn't know how to get it developed. We recently purchased a 35mm digital camera, and since then she has only taken glamour shots of kids for modeling gigs and our children.

Then I came home from work one day and she mentioned that one of her friends had referred someone to her who wanted some work done. Renee, the woman who was seeking Teri's services, was starting a modeling career and wanted some shots for her portfolio. Renee was going to bring multiple outfits for the shoot, which is standard to Teri's clients, and everything was set.

I have never watched my wife do one of her client shoots, so I was a little excited to see a strange car in front of our house as I got home that day. As I entered through the front door I was surprised to see that although there were signs of a shoot, no photographs were being taken in her front room studio. 

About that time I heard serious moaning coming from our bedroom. Teri's voice followed soon after.

"Oh my God, that is so fucking hot!"

It was followed by a foreign voice panting "I need a cock! And I need it now!!!" 

Not wanting to barge in on who knows what, I called my wife's cell phone. "I'm working!" she answered. 

"I'm home," I said. 

She then said the magic words: "Get your ass in here!"

I slowly opened our bedroom door and what I found behind that door made me rock hard in less than a second. On our king-sized bed was a naked African-American woman, eyes closed, playing my wife's pink rabbit vibrator across the nipples that capped her massive brown tits. Scanning down her body I soon found her shaved pussy and its glistening pinkness. When I finally looked at Teri, her nipples were poking through her industrial strength bra and I noticed a wet spot in the crotch of her jeans. The smell of horny woman was everywhere. I had never seen Teri more ready to fuck. 

I heard the vibrator move, and turned back to the bed in time to see it find a new home in Renee's wet snatch. She had the beads moving at a slow speed and slowly plunged the vibrator in fully. The rabbit fluttered on her clit and she raised her hips off the bed, moaning in orgasm. Teri was busy clicking off picture after picture. I stood there amazed, afraid to move and wake myself from this dream. 

As Renee's moans died down she opened her eyes, smiled and said "Good, husband is finally home. Teri tells me that you love eating pussy and would love to wet your dick in some hot black pussy while she takes pictures. Get busy motherfucker! I'm going to wear your ass out!" 

Rather than question why this goddess knew my eating preferences and one of my A-list fantasies that Teri never thought of granting, I looked quizzically at my horny wife. "You heard the bitch. Get naked and get that fucking tongue of yours busy in her black pussy! And if you do a good job, you are going to be the luckiest bastard in the world today!" she said. 

I was confused, as Teri has repeatedly said that she is not interested in a threesome or letting me fuck anyone other than her. As if she was reading my mind, which should have come as no surprise to me she said "Go ahead! And you better be ready to fuck me when she's had enough!"

I quickly took my shirt and pants off, kneeling at the side of the bed. Renee swung her legs around, took my head in her hands and said, "Lick me white boy! And don't stop until I tell you to!"

Still not having said another word, I pulled her lips apart and went straight for her clit with some major tongue action. Renee stuffed my head further into her pussy and groaned loudly. "Oh, yeah! Lick me motherfucker! You are so gooood. Teri, are you getting this? Yes! Fuck me with that tongue!" 

The sound of several clicks told me that Teri was indeed capturing the assault of this hot black pussy by my pink tongue for our future enjoyment. I then licked around Renee's extended inner lips several times and caught a piece of her clit on every circle I made. When I looked up, Renee had her tits in her hands, pinching the hell out of her magnificent nipples. I finally had to go for the gold, and moved two fingers into the hot pussy in front of me while humming directly on her clit. Renee's G-spot was right where I expected, and as I massaged it she again lifted her hips from the bed. While rubbing her soft spot with my fingers, I stayed focused on her clit.

Renee yelled, "Oh shit! Oh, shit! Here it comes!!!!" and a stream of clear liquid erupted from her slit as she screamed in orgasm. Again, the sound of clicks filled my ears. I continued the two phase action on the pussy in front of me as warm liquid bathed my face. 

After what seemed like an eternity, Renee pushed my face away from her hot pussy. "You need to stop - I can't take anymore," she panted. "That was fucking awesome. I have never squirted before. Damn Teri, you said he was good but fuck me! He is going to eat me again girl, and you ain't gonna stop him."

At this point, Teri said "You nasty bastard!" Where did you learn that?" 

I said, "I read a lot of educational dirty websites and have learned a lot you don't let me practice on you. Are you interested in drenching my face, too?"

"Not right now; I can't take anymore. I need your fat cock in my pussy," she confessed. "I've never been so wet before. I need to ride you NOW!"

I stood up and chucked off my shorts, my dick rock hard and dripping. I walked over to my wife and quickly removed her shirt and bra, revealing her tanned D cups with nipples fully on. I leaned down and took her right nipple into my mouth. She grabbed the back of my head and jammed her tit into my mouth. I pushed back and attacked the left nipple with the same enthusiasm. She reached down and opened her jeans. I pushed them and her panties down her legs at once, and there was her tanned shaved pussy, open and shiny with Teri juice. I couldn't resist. I had to have a taste. I stuck out my tongue, started at the bottom of her slit and slowly moved up between her lips. Her legs trembled as I approached her clit, also at never before seen stiffness. I touched my tongue to her clit and she pushed my head away.

"No you don't, fucker. That cock is going there NOW!" she said.

My fertile, greedy, sexually creative mind then decided to take control. I saw opportunity knocking, and I was about to bust the door wide open. "Renee, move your ass off the bed. If you are up for it, I am going to taste your hot pussy as Teri fucks my lucky dick! What do you say, bitch?"

As if my wish were their command, I lay down and the ladies took their spots. Teri slowly lowered her pussy onto my cock and it felt hotter and wetter than it ever had before. Renee then threw her leg over my head while facing Teri, and her pink pussy lips lingered over my face, framed by her shaved black outer lips. God, just give me the next two hours and you can call me to heaven!

As Renee lowered those swollen lips to mine, I heard Teri say "Oh fuck, that feels so good. You can keep doing that! She always says that when my dick is fully inside her. The shocker was the next sentence out of her mouth.

"Suck my nipples you hot bitch. You owe me anyway for letting Charlie suck your pussy! You just might have to pay me back even more later!" 

Teri, telling another woman to suck her tits and pay her back even more later? What? No way. WAAAAAY! Teri went nuts riding my cock and had a huge orgasm while having her nipples sucked by Renee.

Post-orgasm, Teri's tits get so sensitive that she cannot bear to have them touched. She pushed Renee away and got off my dick. "I'm going to need more of that shit, but not right now," she said, and she picked up her camera again.

At that point, Renee leaned forward and took my cock fully into her mouth. Teri clicked away as this brown goddess sucked me off. I didn't let up on her pussy and had her bouncing on my face as she sucked me.

Teri then told her, "Make him come so I can get the orgasm shot! He'll stay hard after he comes and then you can ride that magnificent cock yourself!" 

Are you fucking kidding me? Renee took my cock fully into her throat and I came in about five seconds. I've never come so hard or so much, and Renee let it drip out of her mouth back onto my already slippery dick. CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! Renee kept sucking my dick until she was sure it would stay hard.

Reluctantly, she lifted her glorious thighs off of my face and in fulfillment of one of my favorite fantasies she placed her hot and juicy slit over my cock. Teri said, "Go slow. I want to get plenty of pictures of that white cock fucking your hot black pussy!"

And that was exactly what Renee did, moving slowly down my cock until her pussy lips met my pubic bone. Renee then ground her pussy around my cock and moaned, "Fill me up Charlie! Renee likes your bald cock in her hot pussy!"

I then gave her hard strokes as fast as I could fuck her and she fell on top of me, moaning as another orgasm hit her. She lifted herself back up and said, "I'm not your wife, and I like it hard and fast. Keeping fucking me! Make me come again, Charlie!"

Not only did I keep fucking her hot snatch, I also reached up and played with her big jugs like I love to do with Teri's. Teri clicked away and moaned, knowing the feeling of my large hands firmly massaging two massive tits. Renee added her hands to the back of mine and just smiled. "You like these black titties, huh?"

To show her how much, I pulled her down so that her nipples were just above my mouth. I extended my tongue and lightly licked her nipples, first one and then the other. Renee groaned. "Oh fuck. Teri, this boy had some mouth on him. And you've been keeping it all for yourself?"

Teri said, "Damn right! He's the best I ever had sucking on my big fucking nipples. I can't wait to see these pictures. You two are so fucking hot! Hey Charlie, let me get a picture of both of those fuckers in your mouth at the same time."

God, I love that woman! I love making both of her nipples touch and taking them into my mouth, and I was in no position to disobey. I pushed Renee's slick tits together so that her nipples were touching, and then assaulted them with my tongue. I then applied gentle sucking action and rolled them around my mouth. That caused Renee to bounce up and down on the hardest boner of my life. She moaned, groaned, and screamed as she came again drenching my cock with her juices.

Renee reluctantly climbed off of me. "OK, I've had enough fun for now. Teri, let your man fuck you until he comes and I will get some pictures of the two of you."

Teri wasted no time climbing on again, riding my lucky cock a second time. Her tits had plenty of time to recover, and I went right for those nipples I love so much. I told Renee to watch as I took Teri's tits and pushed them together as I had hers, and took them both into my mouth at the same time. Renee groaned in envy and clicked the camera several times. I grabbed onto Teri's ass as she rode my cock. Renee kept clicking away as we fucked. Teri then leaned down, pressing her tits into my chest and whispered into my ear, "Make me come again and we can do this again next week!"

With that, I rapidly fucked into her pussy and put her over the edge again. She rode it out and we French kissed as if we were alone.

Renee broke the silence by saying, "OK big boy. You need to come again, and I have just the idea!"

Teri got off of my cock and Renee enveloped it with her massive tits.

"Fuck yea! Fuck me with those huge tits Renee!"

She moved her tits up and down my cock, and yes, Teri caught it all on memory card. I exploded between those dark beauties, and in the final surprise of this day, Teri licked my come from between Renee's tits, let some of it dribble down onto her tits, and then hugged Renee, mashing their huge jugs together as they tongue kissed each other. I got plenty of pictures of that final scene!