 Who would have thought that a religious wedding would have laid the foundation for one of the hottest nights we have ever shared. I suppose it makes sense given how much we all drank, especially Shannon who usually abstains from drinking. As a group of us shared a joint on the stairs, the topic turned to girl on girl sex; “Do guys really like watching two girls make out?” asked Ron’s girlfriend Tanya. 

“You should’ve seen the looks on Andrew and Steve’s faces when I fingered that stripper in the middle of the club a few weeks ago. I thought they were both going to whip out their cocks and jerk off right there.” Shannon stated as her hand came to rest on Tanya’s thigh.

“Hey Tanya, why don’t you and Shannon just hook up and get it over with” shouted Ron in his drunken haze. We all laughed, but you could tell Tanya was uncomfortable. I quickly changed the subject, but the seed had been sown. I could see the devious smile on Shannon’s face and knew this was going to be interesting…

After the wedding Steve, John, Shannon and I went to crash at John’s place since it was closest and we were all quite drunk. John quickly excused himself to go and pass out as per usual and that left Steve, Shannon and I. As we passed a joint around, Shannon decided it was time to change for bed. As she took her shirt off I could see Steve literally gawking at my girlfriend’s perfectly shaped b cup tits. She slid in beside me on the couch and I whispered in her ear, “You gave Steve quite a show.” 

“Oh, ya? Did it bother you?” she asked 

I placed her hand on my rock hard cock and told her she should really show him again since I know how much she loves to show off her body. I also told her she may want to show him a little more. She winked at me and approached Steve, slowly lifting her white tank top over her head as she got closer. 

“So Steve, do you like my body?” she asked as she pulled on her rock hard nipples. Steve just gawked and tried to stammer something as she sunk to her knees in front of him. She arched back and slid two fingers into her obviously dripping wet pussy. 

As she slowly finger fucked her juicy slit she looks at Steve as if to almost beg and says,” Have you ever thought about fucking me Steve? Ever thought of putting your cock in your friend’s little slut girlfriend?” 

Her eyes were transfixed on the bulge growing right before her eyes and he was looking like a deer in the head lights. He looked at me and I just laughed and reassured him I would not be mad. This was evidently taking way too long, so she skillfully undid his pants and pulled his rock hard dick out of his pants and slowly stroked it with her small hands. I could see her eyes glazing over as the thick rod slid between her fingers. 

She turned to me and pleaded, “It looks so much like yours baby, can I?” 

As if she had to ask me. I told her how fucking hot she looked on her knees stroking somebody else’s cock. She took that as a yes and in one move swallowed Steve’s cock right down to the bottom. He grunted as she expertly milked his cock with her warm soft mouth. He was finding out how much she loves having cock on her mouth very quickly as she started to beg him to fuck her face harder. She wrapped both hands around him and jerked him furiously as she sucked on his length. I was in heaven, watching my hot little slut sucking cock as I jerked off. Her tits were jiggling like mad as she moaned and writhed, never taking her mouth off. I could see her lips glistening and a mixture of precum and spit dripping out of her mouth. 

“Oh, your cock tastes so good. I can’t wait to taste your hot sticky cum baby” she loves to talk dirty while getting a good fucking. She looked over at me with a look of total lust and pleaded with me to fuck her while she sucks Steve. I eased over to her and rubbed the head of my long fat cock against her oozing pussy. As I pushed it into her, the squishy sound of a soaking cunt filled the room. 

“Oh, your cock is so fucking hard…fuck me as deep and hard as you can. I need so much cum right now…I am cumming, oh my god…” her screaming rose to a fever pitch as she thrashed through her first orgasm of the night, never once breaking her rythm on the cock buried in her throat. I continued my assault on her pussy as her orgasm sent her into orbit. 

She came 3 times in a row as she desperately tried to suck the cum out of Steve. Just then, John walked in from his room and literally stopped in his tracks at the nasty scene in his living room.The look of anger on his face was priceless, but Shannon knew how to handle it…she got up off her hands and knees, her pussy juice running down her thighs, precum on her swollen lips, and nipples as hard and tight as little rocks, walked over to him, placing her hand on his crotch and said, “you can play too”. I know it had been a while for him so he was eager to join in. since it had been so long, we thought it nice to sit back and let him enjoy. 

“You can watch, but keep those dicks hard for me and don’t cum, unless it’s on me!” she knew what she wanted. I had no problem since I had already been buck naked at the wedding so away I went and I have to admit, my girlfriend looks so hot with a cock in her mouth. 

Steve leaned over and asked if I would mind if he ate her pussy, which I of course encouraged. As soon as his tongue hit her pussy she went nuts. Screaming, moaning, begging….”fuck me with your tongue, oooh, you are so good at that…lick up all of my juices baby” she seemed lost in a series of non-stop orgasms as she continued to suck the cock in front of her. 

Suddenly she sat up on Steve’s face and motioned for me to come towards her. As she straddled Steve, she took John and in her hand and alternated between the two of us. Mouthing each of our cocks while stroking the one not in her mouth. She came continuously as Steve hungrily lapped at her pussy. In a minute of so, John grunted that he was ready to blow his load. Shannon withdrew him and jerked him until he exploded all over her tits and face. As he did he told her of all the times he had jacked off thinking about covering her in cum which sent her into her most intense orgasm of the night so far. 

“Uuuughhh, I love having your cum on me. I love being your dirty little cumslut…please give me more of your hot seed.” Not needing to be asked twice, Steve moved her off of him, got up and blew his load all over her face as well. I just relished in watching my two friends cum all over my sexy slut girlfriend’s body. 

After Steve stopped squirting she climbed up and licked all of her juice off of Steve’s face. “I love the taste of a woman” she said with a wink. My cock was still throbbing and she knew it. 

“So boys, how would you like to watch me fuck my boyfriend? The only catch is, you have to jerk off and make sure that when you cum, you cum on me. Deal?” with no further prompting both of them began masturbating. 

Shannon turned to me and said, “There is nothing sexier than a guy stroking his dick for me, mind if I fuck Steve first?” 

I gave her a knowing look and she walked over and with wanton lust in her eyes, put her hand on his cock and said, “will you give me the pleasure of having that beautiful cock fucking my soaking wet puss?” she released her grip, turned around and stuck her ass in the air for him.

He wasted no time in sliding in to the hilt. She rocked back and forth as she watched John jerk off in front of her face. “come on, John give me that load, you know how good I’ve been, please don’t make me beg for it…I need cum…fill me with it. Keep fucking me Steve, your cock feels so fucking good inside me, oh yes, fuck me like the whore I am….” 

It took John no time before he was cumming all over her face again, and soon after Steve pulled out and jerked off onto her sexy ass and back.

Having ripped through another orgasm, she collapsed face down on the rug in a sweaty, sticky mess. 

She looked up at me and saw my still raging hardon. “oh baby, I haven’t gotten you off yet have I?” 

In my saddest face, I looked at her and just sighed. She slid over to me and sucked me into her mouth. As I enjoyed the feeling of her tongue on my cock I saw Steve begin jerking off. I pulled out and flipped her over, slid back in and started to fuck her while Steve jerked off. Within a few minutes another load rained down onto her beautiful tits and tight stomach. She massaged it into her skin and suggested we take a shower. 

She asked me lay down in the shower and mounted me. We fucked while the water poured around us, and every few minutes either John or Steve would push open the door and beat off onto my wife. Between the three of us she must have taken 20 loads and could have easily taken more. We fucked for hours even after the other two passed out. I can’t wait until the next wedding.