 Katie drove down the rural road, one half of an eye on the road, the other half on the scenery that whizzed by. Unfortunately, the half that was on the road wasn't doing its job correctly and she missed her turn. Not panicking, she slowed down so that she could turn around and head back to it.

That was where things got interesting. As she went to complete her u-turn, a spider dashed across the inside of the windscreen. Missing a turn was one thing, but a spider on the windscreen was something worth panicking about. She only lost control for a moment, but that moment was enough for her to steer off of the road and into the drainage ditch.

Try as she might, she couldn't get the hired car to budge. She was stuck. And there was no one for miles. She checked her mobile phone hopefully, but alas there was no signal. She couldn't recall the last time that she'd passed someone on this road and felt an inkling of terror creep into her system.

Thinking back to everything she'd ever heard about survival, she decided that the only thing that she could do was stay with the car and hope that someone would come by that would be able to help.

For four hours she sat with the car, sometimes turning the radio on for a few moments, but scared of draining the battery, she limited it to one song on the radio each time, 30 minutes apart.

She was despairing of seeing anyone when she glanced down the road and saw what could only be a pick-up truck coming towards her. She leapt from the car and stood on the shoulder of the road, waving her arms and jumping up and down. She was so relieved when she saw the truck slowing that she hadn't even thought of the fact that the situation could possibly turn dangerous.

The pickup was old and had obviously seen plenty of miles, but the young boys that hopped out didn't look they'd have been the ones to have driven them.

All four of the piled out of the truck and took their time looking Katie over just as she did the same to them. They hadn't spoken yet, but Katie was impressed by what she saw. They were well muscled and tanned and she assumed that this must come from the good country living that she automatically associated with young boys in beat up old pickup trucks.

"Well lookie here Dale, I thinks we's has found us a damsel in distress," the driver said as they all stopped in front of her and surveyed the scene that they were presented with.

"I thinks you be right Billy-Ray," replied the boy next to him.

"I am so glad that you boys came along, I've been here for hours. Can you help me? I was starting to get a little desperate out here all on my own."

"Oooh, she's all foreign sounding boys," Billy Ray said, grinning at his companions, "What do you say, should we help her out?"

"Course we should help her out," replied one of the as yet unnamed companions, "long as she pays the standard fee." The other three sniggered at his remark and Katie wondered what on earth these young boys asked for as the standard fee.

"And may I ask what the standard fee is?" Katie asked as she took her time looking over the boys. They were all wearing well worn denim jeans a t-shirts in various states of repair.

There was a lot more sniggering in response to her question before Billy Ray very deliberately surveyed her body, his eyes travelling slowly over her breasts and hips, down her legs and then back up again. "Well miss, it gets pretty lonely way out here in the country and its not too often a fine classy lady like you stop by. Sos when we finds you like this, it kinda stirs the blood if you know what I mean. A lady in distress ... it's a real turn on. And seeings as there's likely not to be nobody else along here for a day or two, we figures you might just be agreeable to providing us with a little servicing to ease the pressure that we tend to build up around here." As he finished, he groped his groin with his hand, drawing Katie's gaze southward.

She didn't register what was being asked immediately, mainly because she was distracted by the size of his hand, which had obviously handled its fair share of tools in the past. Not to mention that the tool that he was currently handling appeared to be equally generously proportioned.

At that point it registered what was expecting of her. Her instinct was to rail at the suggestion, but she was also extremely conscious of the fact that she'd been waiting here for four hours before this group of people had come along. They could be right and it might indeed be even longer before there was anyone else. Her eyes travelled to the other three young men, feeling trapped. She noted that they'd moved a little as she considered her plight. They had spread out just enough that there was very little chance of her moving past them.

"What do you mean, exactly, perform you a service," she asked, stalling

"Oh don't play coy, sweetie, a smart looking lady like you knows what we mean."

"Yeah, a service," they guy to her left joined in, groping his cock just as Billy Ray had done.

"And then you promise to help me?"

"Of course, we's regular gentlemen, we wouldn't go back on our word," Billy Ray replied.

"Well I tell you what, I'll agree to do this on one condition," Katie said.

"What condition is that, I don't really think that you're in a position for bargaining you know."

"I want you to pull my car out of the ditch first so that I know that I can leave when we're done."

Billy Ray looked around at his companions. "What ya say fellas, think we's can pull her car out first?"

"I know what I want pulled," One of the boys to the left said.

The boy to the left laughed, "Biff, you's pull it yourself all day long, why would you want to spoil such a beautiful relationship?"

The boys all laughed at Biff who looked to his feet in embarrassment. Katie found herself smiling in spite of herself. Then as she regained her composure, she realised that three Dale and Biff had closed to stand beside her. They weren't threatening her, not even touching her, but she couldn't help but feel a little uneasy at the lecherous way in which their eyes surveyed her body.

Billy Ray and the as yet un-named youth moved over to where they had stopped the truck. Billy Ray hopped in the driver's seat and the other went to the back from which he pulled a length of rope.

"Hook her up Randy," Billy Ray called out and the other boy moved over to the front of Katie's hire car. He bent over to tie the rope to the tow point at the front of the car and Katie couldn't help but notice that his arse was tight and well formed. Maybe she'd get through this without too many regrets or disappointments she decided.

It wasn't long until Billy Ray and Randy had pulled her car from the ditch. They left it there and the two boys strolled back over to where Biff and Dale 'stood guard'

"Right., time to get around to that little matter of payment," Billy Ray said. He reached out for Katie's hand. She allowed him to take it, figuring that if she resisted and this turned nasty, she could be significantly worse off. She took the fact that they'd pulled the car out of the ditch as a sign of faith.

Billy Ray led her down into the ditch and up the other side, to where there was a bit of grass adjacent the fence that separated the field from the road reserve.

As Billy Ray turned back to face, her, he released the fastenings on his jeans and pushed them and his boxers down far enough to release his semi-erect cock. Katie was impressed. Even at half mast it was of generous size.

"Time for a little bit of sucking, missy," Billy Ray said. The other three boys moved in closer to take up positions where they could see what was going on. Katie glanced around her as she dropped to her knees and noticed that the others also had their cocks out. True to the teasing that had come before, Biff was already stroking his erect cock as she reached out with her hand to grasp Billy Ray's sizeable cock.

Katie eyed off the meat that she had in her hand, stroking it gently before pulling his foreskin back to expose the head. She opened her mouth and engulfing its head, her tongue teasing around it as she swallowed as much as she could She moved her mouth up and down, feeling Billy Ray begin to thrust towards her as she continued to pleasure him.'

Hands engulfed Katie's tits through her shirt and she endured the groping as she continued to work Billy Ray's cock with her mouth. Large fingers fumbled at the buttons to her blouse and then with the clasp of her bra. Katie dropped her hands during this operation, taking Billy Ray only with her mouth as his friends disrobed her and exposed her breasts to the air.

She knew that if she looked, she'd find her nipples aroused and hardened.

"Whooooooeeee, look at them titties, they's mighty fine!" one of the boys exclaimed and Katie stopped sucking Billy Ray's cock as she Biff moved to take her nipple in his mouth, sucking hard on it, drawing it deep into his mouth.

"I gotta git me some of that!" Randy hollered and Katie's other nipple was similarly sucked. Billy Ray stood aside and Katie found herself presented with Dale's cock. It wasn't as big as Billy Ray's but it was thick with a bulbous, circumcised head. Katie took it in her mouth. She'd never sucked two cocks in succession before and briefly wondered about how she'd feel afterwards about this encounter. But then she shut it out of her mind as the cock was thrust within her mouth and she concentrated on pleasuring it. So far, she was enjoying what was going on.

Hands began fumbling at the zipper to Katie's skirt and before long it was being pulled down her legs. A hand was thrust unceremoniously into her knickers and fingers clawed a little roughly in an attempt to feel her sex.

"Easy there tiger," she said and released dale's cock from her mouth. She stood and removed her skirt, pulling her panties off at the same time. She laid them carefully on the ground so that they wouldn't get too soiled.

All four of the boys stood and admired her shapely figure as she turned about, noting that they all had their cocks out in various states of erection.

"Now that one just doesn't seem to be happy enough," she said, pointing to Biff's cock, which was the most flaccid. She knelt down before him and took it between her lips, sucking it deep within her mouth and twirling her tongue about its head, feeling it swell as she continued to pleasure it.

Hands grasped her breasts and another drove between her legs from behind and she felt a finger begin working to find a way into her pussy, which was rapidly becoming wet. She shifted her legs further apart to accommodate the exploration and the finger was quickly joined by a second as they were both plunged within her. She moaned around the cock that she was sucking as she felt herself penetrated.

Once she had Biff's cock nice and hard, she released it from her mouth and turned to look for another to suck. This continued for some time, each of the boys taking turns to have their cock sucked to full erection before being released as Katie pleasured a friend.

"I thinks its time I got me dick wet properly," Billy Ray announced after several turns at having his cock sucked. He moved in behind Katie and pushed her forwards so that she was down on all fours. Katie looked behind her to watch Billy Ray as he rubbed his cock between her legs, lubricating it with the juices that were now running somewhat freely from within her. She groaned as she felt him push the head of his cock between her lips and then work himself back and forth until he was sliding the entire length of his cock back and forth in her pussy.

She was allowed little time to think about how good it felt though before Randy pulled the hair back from her face and shoved his erection towards her mouth. Katie opened as she was thrust forwards with the force of Billy Ray working his cock into her from behind and consequently felt Randy's cock slide deep within her mouth. She nearly gagged before he pulled it back and started sliding it in and out in counterpoint to the fucking that she was getting from Billy Ray.

"This sure is some nice pussy boys," Billy Ray crowed as he watched his cock sliding back and forth between Katie's lips.

"Jus don't go gittin it all messy afore its my turn!" Dale called out and all the boys laughed.

Katie realised that Biff was laying himself down on his back and soon his he was looking up at her from the ground, his face beneath her breasts. He opened his mouth and drew a nipple into it, sucking hard. Katie pressed her tits against his face as she was fucked and sucked. She'd never had so many different pleasures inflicted on her body at once before.

Billy Ray announced that he needed to swap ends and pulled his cock out of Katie's pussy. Randy freed himself from her mouth, but before he could move behind her, Dale had already moved in and started working his thick shaft into Katie's sopping pussy.

"Dirty dog!" Randy accused Dale, who simply replied, "You knows ya'll git a go."

Katie found Billy Ray's cock thrust at her face and she opened her mouth and accepted it. He thrust at her a couple of times and when he started groaning, she realised that he was about to explode. She sucked hard upon the head of his cock, trying to hold still in one place as Dale worked faster and faster at her pussy from behind.

Billy Ray cried out and his cock exploded, shooting forth a stream of hot cum into Katie's mouth. Without even thinking, she automatically swallowed his load down, much to the delight of the boys.

"Whoooeee, she's a goer fellas!" Randy called out, slapping her arse as he plunged again within her pussy.

"Come on Dale, its my turn now!" Biff called out, having removed himself from beneath Katie.

"I need to move, my knees are getting sore boys," Katie said as she wiped the last of Billy Ray's sperm from her face.

Randy lay down upon the ground and said to Katie, "How's about you saddle up little lady? That'll give those pretty knees a break." Katie looked at Randy lying upon the ground and moved to straddle him. Holding his stiff cock still with her hand, she slid down it's length, feeling it fill her as she lowered herself down. His hands reached up and closed upon her breasts whilst Dale and Biff watched, standing close by, their cocks at eye level.

Katie reached out with her hands, snaring a cock in each. She started stroking them as she worked herself up and down Randy's cock. She pulled the cocks hard enough to get the boys closer to her and then started alternately sucking on first one and then the other, grinding herself down upon the cock in her pussy.

Biff was happy with this for a little while, but it wasn't long before he was complaining that he'd yet to get to feel the lovely warmth of Katie's pussy on his cock, though of course, when he said it, it came out more like, "I needs that pussy on my man meat lady!"

He lay down beside Randy on the ground and Katie slid off of one cock and over onto the next, her body afire with pleasure. Biff pulled Katie forward so that her breasts were crushed against his sweaty, well–muscled chest. She moved herself backward and forward before yelping as she felt a finger attempt to slide into her butt.

"No way!" she called out.

"Do as she says Randy!" Billy Ray laughed. "This aint none of your happy little piggies from home here, this be a lady." All the boys laughed and Randy stepped back, looking somewhat disappointed.

"Well I needs to be emptying this sack! Sit up lady, I'm right ready to burst."

"Katie obliged and sat up on Biff's cock. Randy stepped in front of her, his cock presented for her to suck. Katie took it in her mouth and worked up and down its length until Randy was whooping and hollering about how good it would be when he came.

Just at the moment that his cock exploded, he pulled it from her mouth and pushed it down so that his sperm splattered over her breasts. Katie jumped back and some of his cum landed on his buddy.

"Awww, youse a filthy dirty fucking bastard Randy!" Biff exclaimed as he rolled aside. He dragged off his singlet and immediately wiped himself clean. Randy just laughed at him.

"That wasn't nice you know," Katie said to him. Then she asked him for his singlet and when he gave it to her, cleaned herself off with it.

Dale moved over towards Katie and took her in his arms, crushing her breasts between them and thrusting his tongue at her mouth. Katie had had no intention of letting any of these boys kiss her, but found that she was so turned on by the whole experience that she returned the kiss fervently.

"Turn around missy, and put your hands on the fence post," Dale said as he stepped back from the kiss, dropping his hands to her tits. Katie looked at him briefly, trying to gauge what he was up to. Deciding that he looked like there were no hijinks on the way, she turned and did as he asked. Dale stepped up behind her and worked his cock between Katie's lips, sliding easily inside her sopping wet pussy. He held her by the hips and started sliding his cock back and forth, back and forth, until Katie was grunting and groaning.

Despite expectations that she'd just go through the motions, she found herself approaching an orgasm. Dale pounded faster and harder into her from behind and Katie found herself encouraging him, telling him to fuck her hard.

Just when she thought that he might explode, Katie herself reached orgasm and felt her pussy clutch and clench at the shaft that was penetrating her. Dale didn't relent though, continuing to work away at her from behind. Katie squealed as another orgasm ripped through her, only moments behind the first. The pleasure threatened to overwhelm her and she pulled forward, sliding off of Dale's cock who voiced his disappointment at not getting to complete the ride.

Katie dropped to her knees and took his cock in her mouth and worked it quickly up and down, her hand reaching up to grasp his scrotum and gently squeeze his balls. Dale gasped and thrust as his cock stiffened and his balls pulsed, sending his warm cum shooting into Katie's mouth. Again she swallowed, taking all of his seed as it spurted again and again from his cock.

"Woweee!" Biff exclaimed as he watched Katie take his buddy's load down her throat. "Its gotta be my turn now!"

Biff walked over to Katie and held out his hand so that he could help her to her feet. When she was standing, still a little shaky from the orgasms that had coursed through her, he wrapped his arms around her waist and lifted her off the ground. Katie spread her legs as she felt his erection pressed against her and Biff lowered her down onto his cock. Katie wrapped her legs around Biff's arse as he used the strength in his arms to move her up and down in counterpoint to the thrusting of his hips.

Katie squealed, leaning back, feeling Biff's cock work away inside her. A third orgasm ripped through her body as she slid down his shaft again and again and she felt light headed. As she squirmed and moaned, Biff lowered her to the ground so that he could lean over her and fuck her missionary style. He pointed into her again and again and for a fourth time, Katie screamed in ecstasy.

"Fill me with your cum Biff, shoot in me!" She cried, desperate now to feel a man blow his load inside her.

Just hearing it asked for was enough to send Biff over the edge and Katie screamed out loud as she felt his hot load burst within her.

Minutes later, dressed, Katie slowly made her way to the hire car that she'd rented. Billy Ray and his boys were back in the truck and as they drove past her, all waved with more than happy looks plastered on their faces.

Katie drove off sedately, wondering if perhaps tomorrow she couldn't find another ditch to drive into.

"I can't believe that! Biff called from the back of the pickup truck as the boys drove away. Every other time we've tried that shit, we've been lucky to get away with a case of beer!"
