 Eight days have gone by and I have eagerly been awaiting your visit since the moment you left. Losing faith, and thinking that you had lost the nerve to come back in, I close and lock the door and begin my busy-work I hear a tapping at the front window. I spring from my seat, hoping it's you, hoping for another glimpse of you, another feel, maybe a taste....

I am quite disappointed when I see that the person at my door is not you. She looks nothing like you. 

She's tall, with black hair, a dark complexion, and a large athletic frame. 'Probably another pampered stay at home soccer Mom wanting family portraits' I think to myself as I slide the door open.

"Is Marie here?" She asks.

"Who?" I respond.

"Marie, she told me to meet her here."

"You must be mistak..." I'm interrupted as the exotic raven-haired Latina pushes her way by.

"You don't understand, I'm closed" I implore, wanting to get back to work. "Come see me tomorrow and I'll give you a discount on whatever it is you want, for your inconvenience."

"No, you don't understand," she retorts, eyes looking wild. "You took some photos last week of my, um, friend Marie. She wanted me to meet her here so we could look at them together and choose the ones she wants."

My heart skips a beat, as I try to recall who she may be referring to, was it you? Was your name Marie? I tried to remember if you had mentioned it. I was awoken from my focus by the front door bell clanging and look up to see you awkwardly crashing through it. 

"Where have you been?" the Latina almost shouts, seeming to be suddenly angry.

"Nowhere," your words come out slurred as you try to hide your unhide-able buzz.

"Are you drunk?" the prissy seeming woman asks.

"Relax Fi, I just had a couple to calm my nerves," you respond.

"Calm your nerves? What the hell do you mean calm your nerves?" your impatient friend asks. Suddenly her eyes open wide "What kind of pictures did you take?"

"I took pictures I thought you'd like," you say, looking at the floor.

She turns her head to me and glares, "I want to see these pictures, now!" She demands.

I motion to the back, closely monitoring your interaction. You slowly walk in front of us, head down like a naughty teen caught in the backseat. She follows, and I trail behind. 

I motion for the two of you to sit at a table and grab a 12"x12" leather bound album. I drop it on the table in front of your friend and she slides the cover open, revealing the first shots of your glorious naked body. Her eyes fire from one image to the next, quickly shooting across the page, taking them in. Quietly she looks at each page in turn. You aren't looking; you sit straight up in your chair, eyes on the floor. As if you are waiting for something. 

She gets to the pics of you sitting, spread wide and she begins to flush. She turns the page; you have the dildo at your wet opening, eyes afire with passion. Next page, you are fucking your cunt, the motion of the dildo clearly blurred, showing the fury at which you were tending to your needs. 

She turns to the last page, and I hear her gasp. I look at the image, and it's of your shaven cunt shooting clear fluid over my hand as my fingers are buried in your asshole. She shuts the book. 

"Did you fuck him?" she asks quietly.

"What?" you respond.

She reaches over and grabs a handful of your hair at the back of your neck and stands up. "Did, you, fuck, him?" She asks again.

No." You scoff.

"Lying bitch," she spits as she jerks you to your feet by your hair.

"I didn't!" You squeal as she guides you to me.

"Listen," I stammer "nothing happened."

"Bullshit!" She hisses. She has you standing before me now, holding your hair. Your shoulders are taught, trying to resist against her pull.

"Kneel," she whispers.

"No," You respond, sullenly.

She pulls your hair and at the same time slams her open palm against your ass with a loud 'smack'. You whimper in pain. 

"Kneel you dirty little cunt!" 

You do as she says as she looks at me. "Take your cock out," she instructs.

"Listen lady..." 

"My name is Fiona you fucking prick, and you are going to show me everything you did to my little slut here, or I will have your ass. Do you know who her boyfriend is?"

"We didn't do anything!" you squeal, face close to my crotch.

"Right," she says, "The punishment will only get stiffer the more you lie!"

My cock hardens as I am caught up in this scene, the memory of your picture session, the dirty words that spill from your girlfriend's mouth, you, kneeling before me. Fiona sees my cock come alive and she says, "Get it out bitch, if he won't do it you'll have to," and your hands slowly snake up to my belt.

I offer no resistance as you deftly expose my hardening dick. "Yes!" Fiona hisses. "Is that the cock you fucked? Is that the big dick that gives you pleasure when you cheat on me?" You stare, eyes fixed on my erection. Suddenly we both hear it 'Smack!' as her palm crashes down on your ass again. "Answer me bitch!"

"No," you respond again, breathlessly.

"Suck it." She says "Suck it like you did last week I want to see it as hard as it gets."

Without a word take my entire length into your mouth. One hand wraps around the base of my dick and the other hand you open flat and place on my thigh.

Fiona still has your hair pulled tight at the back of your head and she leans in close as you bob up and down on my cock, "Yeah, suck it you little bitch. Make it hard, I want it as big as possible when he stuffs it in your tight little ass." 

I almost choke with her words, a blowjob is one thing, but now she's going to have me force-fuck her girlfriends ass? It's too much I think. I begin to say the word, but I only get to "St..." as Fiona leans in and bites my nipple through my shirt, running her free hand up my abs, under my shirt and tweaking my other nipple. 

"Does that feel good stud?" She asks. "Does her mouth feel good on your cock? Does it feel the same when I am here?" 

"You two have had your fun, now it's my turn," she announces as she pulls you away from my long wet prick, leaving me bobbing in the suddenly cold air. She tosses you onto your ass on the floor and then with a well placed high heel push to your shoulder says, "lie down, bitch," shoving you all the way onto the cold wood floor. "And fucking stay there, because you are going to learn a lesson!"

Turning to me, she rips my shirt over my head as I instinctively step out of the pants bunched around my ankles. "Do you want to fuck me stud? Do you want my little whore to watch as you stretch me with that huge cock?"

"Yesssss..." I say as I break my silence. I grab her skirt and lift it up, above her waist and grab her ass and pull up, wrapping her legs around me I carry her to the table. I step back and pull her panties down and off. Then she pulls me back between her legs and I grab my cock, looking for her wet entrance.

"Come here bitch," Fiona snaps, looking at you on the floor. "Guide his cock into me. I want you to feel your little boy-toy giving me pleasure." You do as commanded, getting to your knees and sliding across the floor. As you grab my cock your hand feels electric on my shaft. You aim, I push forward, and my cock sinks into your girlfriend. I keep pushing, all the way in one, long, smooth, slow, stroke until my balls hit her ass. 

"Good," she says, "now get down and lick his balls while we fuck, you no-good little cunt."

You dip between my legs, below the table, and I feel immense pleasure as your hot tongue lavishes my balls, I begin to stroke in and out of your lover, my balls slapping your face as we fuck. She has ripped open her shirt and exposed her big D cup tits, "Suck my nipples stud," she says as our rhythm increases. I lean down and suck one of her dark brown nipples into my mouth and hold it between my lips.

"Get your finger wet in your mouth Marie," she instructs and I feel your mouth leave my nuts. "You are going to shove your finger in his ass as he fucks me, just like he did to you in the pictures."

I am lost in the wild abandon of the fuck as I feel your probing fingers enter me; I tense up and slam my cock into Fiona hard. Bucking against the pressure, your fingers push through and I am filled with pleasure as they sink into my asshole.

"Yeah, bitch, fuck him while he fucks me! Oh fuck! What a wonderful cock you've found Marie, Oh God, Oh God, Oh God!" Fiona's ass comes off of the table as she tightens her legs around me. She bucks her body to meet me and I feel the all-too-familiar feeling of her cunt beginning to pulsate. 

As my body crashes into hers you are no longer able to lick and suck my tightening balls. You stay below, fingering my virgin asshole, being a good girl, doing as you are told. You hope that this encounter will end any further need for punishment, but you know in your heart that Fi will make it worse.

"I'm going to fucking cum Marie! Get the fuck up here and suck my tits! OH MY FUCKING GOD, HURRY!" 

I feel your finger slip from my ass as you fly out from under the table and climb up onto the other side. You come over the top of your lover and you quickly take her hard right nipple into your mouth and suck, matching my manipulation of her left nipple. I feel it before we are even able to hear it. Her cunt clamps, pauses, and shudders as Fiona screams out her orgasm in a series of long, loud howls.

"OOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH Fuck! OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH Fuck! OOOOOOOOHHHHHHH MY FUCKING GOD." She grabs the back of our necks and pulls our sucking mouths in tighter, pulling herself up. Thrusting at me. 

"Oh fuck; I'm going to cum too!" I groan as the moment and feelings overtake me. 

"CUM ON MARIE'S FACE!" Fiona screams, still riding out her orgasm. She pulls you off of her tit by your hair and says, "Get down there bitch, take his fucking load like the little cum-rag you are." 

My cock comes out of Fiona, as her cunt convulses in the most intense part of her renewed orgasm, and my hand flies to it. I half stroke, half aim at your beautiful, innocent looking face and say, "Here it comes!" 

One, two, three jets fly out rhythmically and cover your up-turned right cheek streaking into your hair. I keep jerking as more cum bubbles from my balls, dripping off of your face and onto Fiona's tight belly. You are covered in my cream as my orgasm subsides. I stagger back from Fiona's outstretched legs and you sit up on your knees on the table, dripping cum and looking down at your girlfriend for approval.

"Now you fucking eat it. All of it," Fiona says as she spins on her ass to face you and sits up. You begin to scoop the semen off of your face with your finger and guide it into your mouth. 

"Act like you fucking love it bitch! You wanted to be the fucking porn star, now here's your chance! Eat his cum, and make me feel like it's the best thing you've ever tasted!" 

Your intensity kicks up a notch as you scoop another dollop of jism from your cheek. You mew as you hold your finger up, letting the cum slowly slide to the tip. Then you open your mouth and let it drip onto your outstretched tongue. You repeat this action again, not knowing what else to do, until all of the cum is off your face and hair. You look at Fiona, seeking her approval. 

"That's it?" Fiona cackles. "What about this cum?" She asks, pointing to her stomach.

"Sorry baby," you say as you look at the floor.

"I aint your fucking baby right now bitch!" She spits back. "Get down here and lick it up, but first tell me how much you like it."

"How much I like what?" you ask.

"CUM! you cunt, how much you like eating his fucking sperm!" Fiona screams.

"I like to eat cum..." you say meekly.

"What the fuck was that?" Fiona asks. "Did that turn you on Mr. Photographer?" She says, looking at me. "Was that the admonition of a porn slut?" turning back to you she screams, "Try harder!"

"I fucking love cum," you say "I can't get enough cum, in me, on me, in my mouth, I fucking love how it tastes, how it feels, how it looks as it shoots out" Your voice grows louder "I love to jerk a cock and feel the tip grow in my mouth as the boy is about to cum, I love feeling it pulse, catching it in my mouth before I swallow, OH GOD how I fucking love when it dribbles out of the corners of my mouth because there is so much that I cannot contain it all! I am a fucking cum slut! I am a filthy whore who dreams of being covered in jizz, I can't get enough, I want more now, please let me lick that hot, salty cum off of your perfect little belly Fi, Please!"

"That's better," Fi says as she pulls you by the back of your neck down to my hot cum, "Now clean me up bitch, and when you are done with his cum, I have a dripping cunt that needs your attention."