 I put the finishing touches on my makeup and step back to get a good look at myself in the hotel bathroom mirror. "Not too bad..." I say, smiling at my reflection. "This oughta get somebody's attention."

I step out of the bathroom. You're standing by the window, your back to me, wearing only your boxers. "Well, what do ya think?" I ask. You turn to look at me and a broad grin comes to your handsome face.

"You're beautiful," you say. "You're gonna have your pick...every guy in the bar is gonna wanna fuck you! Girls too, I bet!"

I laugh shyly, blushing. I've never seen myself as beautiful, or even particularly pretty, but I must admit that I feel very sexy tonight. I'm wearing makeup, which I don't usually do - not much really, just enough to put a little color in my cheeks and bring out my green eyes; my best feature, I've always thought. My large, soft breasts and full, round hips are accentuated by a very low cut, clingy black dress with a fluttery hemline that falls just above my knees. On my long, shapely legs I wear sheer black fishnet thigh-highs with a seam up the back. I turn around slowly to give you the full effect, stopping to slowly raise the hem on one side, giving you a little peek of my creamy white thigh just above the lace-covered elastic keeping my stocking in place. You groan at the sight and hook a finger inside the elastic, rubbing the soft skin, and pull me against you, kissing me deeply. I smile up at you as you wrapped your strong arms around my waist, holding me tight.

"Tonight I'm gonna watch you suck a big, hard black cock." You say quietly, almost whispering as if you can't believe we're finally going to make this fantasy a reality. "I want to watch you lose control while he fucks you, hard and deep. I want to see his cum leaking out of that beautiful pussy, just before I slide my hard cock inside you..."

You pull me tightly against you again and thrust your hot tongue into my mouth, grinding your hard cock against me. I feel the familiar tingling between my thighs and my clit begins to throb. My pussy is wet with my desire for you. I want you so badly - it takes all my willpower to stop myself from begging you to take me right this minute! It would be so easy to give in to my need, to your need. But we have another agenda tonight and, though I'm feeling very nervous, I'm determined to see it through.

"Sit down in the chair." I demand.

You smile at me and do as your told; glad my willpower is stronger that yours tonight. As you sit down in the chair, I follow the plan, tying your wrists and ankles loosely to the arms and legs of the chair and placing a blindfold over your eyes. I kneel on the floor in front of you and lean in, laying my head on your chest, running my fingers through your chest hair. I breathe deeply, taking in the scent of your body.

"Are you sure?" I ask quietly.

You kiss me gently on top of my head. "Yes, I'm sure." You whisper in reply. "Now go down to the bar and show off that sexy body to all the boys...and girls!"

I laugh nervously and kiss you on the cheek before heading out of the room. "I'll try not to take too long..." I promise. As I pull the door shut behind me I hear you wish me luck.

I slide onto the barstool, smile at the bartender, and order rum and coke - heavy on the rum. I'm incredibly nervous and hoping the alcohol will take the edge off. As I sip my drink, I scan the crowd, looking for the right guy to hit on. I spot a handsome black man directly across the bar...he's looking right at me. I smile shyly and look away quickly. Was he really looking at me? I take a couple more sips of my drink, casually watching people talking and laughing, then carefully steal a glance his way again. This time there's no denying it - he's watching me. I see him call the bartender over and nod towards me as he talks to him. The bartender looks over at me and smiles, nodding. He's strides up to me and says, "The gentleman would like to buy you a drink. He wonders if you'd mind if he joins you."

"No, I don't mind at all." I reply, thinking that maybe this is going to be easier than I thought. I smile across the bar at him as the bartender motions for him to join me.

He slides onto the barstool next to me and introduces himself as Damon. I introduce myself and he asks what I'm drinking, then promptly orders me another. He tries to make small talk, but I think of you upstairs, tied to the chair - waiting. I think of the things you want to see...the things I want to show you. I decide not to waste any time.

"Do you want to fuck me, Damon?" I ask.

He looks stunned and uncertain how he should respond. "I...uh...I mean..." he stammers.

I laugh. "I'm sorry," I say. "I don't mean to be so blunt, but you see I'm not here alone. My husband is upstairs in our room, waiting for me..."

Damon looks completely confused now. "I'm sorry...I see I've made a mistake..." he says as he starts to get up.

"No, wait - you don't understand..." I interrupt, quickly placing my hand on his leg, just above the knee and squeezing firmly. "My husband, well, he likes to watch me with other women." I explain, staring nervously into my drink. "He sent me down here to find a lady I'm attracted to. But I want to really surprise him. We talk about our fantasies. He brings up seeing me fuck a black guy a lot. I'd like to surprise him by bringing you upstairs...and letting you fuck me while he watches." After a long pause, I turn to him. He's watching me intently, probably trying to figure out if I'm full of shit. 

"Are you interested?" I say, sliding my hand up his thigh and resting it just below his package.

"Are you for real?" he asks, glancing down at my hand.

"Very much so..." I reply, laughing. The alcohol is doing its job now. "Come upstairs with me and see..."

He smiles. "Does he only watch, or does he participate?" He asks.

"Depends..." I say.

"On what?" Damon asks.

"On you..." I smile, taking his hand and sliding off the barstool, pulling him along with me.

"Lead the way. I'm up for anything tonight..." He says.

"Anything?" I ask, pressing the elevator button.

He laughs. "Anything..." he replies.

The elevator doors slide shut behind us. He pushes me against the wall and presses his body against me as he presses the 'stop' button. He slides his hands and around my waist and down over my soft round ass. "Are you sure he'll be cool with this?" he asks.

"Completely." I reply, moaning slightly as he squeezes my ass and presses his raging hard on against me.

I reach over and press the button to start the elevator up again. "Easy..." I say, smiling. "Wait until we get to the room."

The doors open again. We step out and he follows me down the hall. "Remember," I whisper as we approach our door. "He thinks I'm bringing a woman up, so don't say anything yet."

He laughs and I can tell he thinks we're crazy. "Okay..." he laughs, shaking his head.

I open the door. "Wow, that didn't take long. Are you alone?" You ask.

I laugh. "Uh, no, I'm certainly not." 

I introduce you to Damon, "The man you see before you, blindfolded, tied up, and completely at my mercy, is my handsome, sexy, wonderful husband."

Damon opens his mouth to speak and I shake my head, placing a finger to my lips, silently commanding him to keep quiet for the time being. He nods his head.

"This is our new friend, honey. We're going to get to know each other intimately before the night is through." 

"What's our new friend's name?" you ask.

"No names just yet..." I say.

I grab Damon by the front of his shirt and pull him against me. We kiss and the soft wet sounds reach your ears, making you moan. I feel Damon smile. He thinks you're imagining me with another woman and inside I laugh at the thought. He has no idea that you won't really be surprised at all to see me standing here with this hot young black stud! 

I drop to my knees and quietly pull his zipper down. He smiles and removes his jacket & shirt, tossing them aside. I pull his pants & underwear down to the floor and he steps out of them. His big black cock bounces out to greet me. It is huge! I know you'll be pleased. I make wet slurping noises as I begin to slowly slide my lips up and down his long thick black shaft. I feel a little bad because I know how much you want to see this, but it can't be helped. 

After just a few cursory strokes, I say to you, "honey, I'm trying my best to please our new friend orally, but I don't think I'm doing a great job. Would you help me, please?" 

I glance up at Damon, who looks unsure. I smile at him and stand up, grasping his big cock and gently pulling him toward you by it. He still looks uncertain, but I'm in control.

"Open your mouth, baby." I instruct you.

You open your mouth just a little. "Wider, honey." I say.

You do your best to look confused, wrinkling your brow, and open a little wider. I pull him to the side of the chair, stroking his throbbing cock, and tell you to turn toward the sound of my voice, lean this way a little and open really wide. 

"But why? What...?" You do your very best to seem unaware of what's really going on. 

"Just DO it." I say sternly.

You obey and I push Damon forward until the front of his thighs are touching the arm of the chair. He leans in a little and soon his rock hard cock is resting on your waiting tongue. You pull back a little. "What the hell...?!" You exclaim. (Oscar worthy performance, I'd say!) Damon starts to move away. 

"No, don't go, please!" I implore him.

"Please baby, do this for me..." I beg you. "You've watched me lick pussy! I wanna see you suck cock! Please do this for me! I'll do anything you want tonight if you do this for me!"

"Anything?" you ask, trying to sound skeptical. You know damn well I'll do anything you want.

"Yes...anything..."

You don't reply, but you reluctantly open your mouth a little and lean toward Damon again. He rests his thighs against the arms of the chair and looks at me questioningly. 

"He's never done this before, but I just know he'll be good at it." I say sweetly.

I grasp his cock and give it a little squeeze. He's gone a little soft, but I'm sure you'll remedy that. I lift it and rest it on your tongue again. This time you don't pull back. You close your lips around it and begin to suck gently. He moans. "Aw, damn..." he whispers. And I can tell it feels good. You take about half his length in your mouth and begin to slowly slide forward and back, sucking a little harder with each stroke. 

I decide it's time I introduced you. As you slide your lips down his thick shaft and take about three quarters of his length into your mouth, I gently remove the blindfold. "Honey, meet Damon." I whisper. 

You glance up at him briefly, then over at me. Your eyes smile at me. He's loving what you're doing to him. He pulls his raging hard on out of your mouth just long enough to reposition himself in front of you. He leans down and unties your hands. 

"Grab ahold of my ass and suck my cock." He demands. You do as you're told. My pussy is drenched, my clit throbbing as I see your white hands squeezing his muscular black ass as you draw his rock hard cock back into your mouth. I kneel on the floor by the chair and untie your ankles. There's no need for this pretense now. 

He starts grunting and thrusting his cock into your willing mouth. 

"Don't make him cum, baby. He needs to cum in my pussy." I remind you.

He slows his thrusting. "Is that what you want?" he asks. "You wanna watch me fuck your wife's little white pussy?" 

You nod in response, his throbbing cock still between your lips. I think, right now, you'd really like to finish him off yourself, but I suppose there'll be another time for that, if all goes well.

He withdraws slowly from your mouth and smiles down at the tent in your boxers. "You like sucking my cock, don't you?" he asks.

"Yes." You reply, smiling.

"Well, I'll just have to return the favor a little later..." he says. 

Then he turns his attention to me. I'm standing directly in front of you, still fully dressed. Not to mention fully aroused! He immediately goes to work on me. He grabs me roughly and pulls me against him, thrusting his tongue into my mouth deeply. He slides his hands down my back and grabs my ass firmly, grinding against my crotch. I moan at the thought that his cock is rock hard because you've been sucking him...and doing it very well.

He reaches down and grabs the hem of my dress, pulling it swiftly up and over my head. He reaches around me, unhooks my bra, and pulls it off, dropping it on the floor. He takes a moment to admire my large, soft, creamy white breasts. "God damn, those are nice!" he mutters, as he leans over and draws as much of my left breast as possible into his mouth and gropes the other roughly with his hand. He drops to his knees and presses his face against my panty-clad pussy. He puts his hand between my thighs, forcing me to spread my legs a little, and runs his fingers over the soaking wet crotch of my panties. 

"You're fucking soaked..." he says.

I laugh. "Who wouldn't be, at this point?" I ask.

He hooks his fingers into the elastic at the top of my panties and pulls them down slowly until my nearly hairless pussy, with just a little stripe of hair down the center, is staring him in the face.

He glances over at you. You're underwear is gone, your hand wrapped around your throbbing erection.

"This looks tasty..." he says, grinning. "You wanna watch me lick that hot, wet little pussy?" He asked.

You can only nod your head.

"Lay down on the bed." He commands me. I obey instantly. 

"Open your legs for me." Again, I obey instantly.

He crawls between my legs and begins lapping up my juices from my inner thighs.

You pull the chair to the side of the bed to get a better view.

He begins running his tongue up and down my wet slit, sucking on my swollen clit, occasionally commenting to you about just how good my pussy smells and tastes. He's pretty talented in this arena. Not as good as you, of course, because you know my body so very well, but he's damn good. 

"I'm gonna make your girl cum all over my face before I fuck her." He says.

He goes back to eating my pussy...savoring every drop of my sweet juice. I look over at you and smile. 'We're making this happen...' I'm thinking. You return my smile. You're thinking it too.

I feel the orgasm building inside me. He doesn't seem to be doing this just for your benefit. He seems to really love it. I appreciate the enthusiasm and reward it with a loud moaning, whimpering orgasm. I stretch my arms out and grab the sheets, squeezing and twisting them in my hands as I cry out and every muscle in my body tenses in orgasm. I feel the bed move and I open my eyes to see him hovering over me. He looks over at you. You move to the end of the bed so you can see him enter me. That's what you're dying to see - that big hard throbbing black cock, fully engorged, sliding into my dripping wet, tight little white pussy.

He pushes my legs farther apart. "Really open up for me. Spread those legs wide..." He demands. "I want him to get a good show." 

I spread my legs wide, but don't pull my knees up; not yet. I want some control over just how deep he goes. "Take it slow..." I whisper. I hope that I can trust him not to hurt me. I'm so glad that you're right there watching. I feel safe just knowing that you're there.

I feel his spongy head pressing up against my dripping hole. He grasped his cock and slides it up and down over my ultra-sensitive clit. I throw my head back and moan at the sensation. "Fuck me..." I groan.

Very slowly, he pushes just the head in, then back out. Then he pushes in the head and another inch, and back out. Then the head and about half his length, and back out. I hear your labored breathing as you watch from the foot of the bed. I crane my neck to look over his shoulder and I see you kneeling on the floor, hunched down and watching between his legs as his massive black cock slides in and out agonizingly slowly, until at last, centimeter by centimeter, he gives me his full length. 

He lays still for a while, allowing my pussy time to adjust to his size. Although I'm fully aroused and dripping wet, my pussy is not open for him the way it would be for you. I don't know him. There's no comfort-level, no trust, no emotional involvement...only lust. After a moment, as my body begins to relax, he begins to slide in and out...long, slow, deep strokes - completely out, then balls deep - over and over. 

Out of the corner of my eye, I see you approach the side of the bed. Then you're on the bed, straddling my face, your rock hard cock right above my mouth. "Suck me off while he fucks you." You command. I open my mouth to accept you. I love sucking your cock. I draw your entire length into my mouth, partway down my throat. It gags me a little, but I don't care. I don't miss a beat. I can already taste precum and it spurs me on. You lean forward and grab the headboard, fucking my face as you hear him behind you, panting & thrusting his cock in and out of my tight hole, making the most delicious wet sounds! The sounds urge you on and I begin to moan, sending vibrations up the length of your shaft. This set you off. With a loud moan, you shoot a load of hot sticky cum down my throat. You manage to pull your cock out of my mouth, mid-stream, and I extend my tongue. Your cum coats my tongue, chin, and cheeks. 

You collapse on the bed next to me and watch as he picks up the pace and intensity of his strokes. I pull my knees up now and I can feel his pubic bone bumping my clit with every down stroke. Before I know it, my legs are pulled back as far as I can get them and he's burying his massive black cock balls deep in my tight little white pussy with every stroke, hard and fast. I feel you slide your hand under me and slide first one finger, then two, into my little puckered asshole, making me feel doubly full every time he shoves his full length into my pussy. I whimper and moan, grunting every time I feel his pubic bone bump my clit. I glance down and see that your cock is fully erect again already. You begin talking to me - telling how sexy I am, how good I look getting fucked by a big black cock, how much you wanna see me cum. I'm eating it all up, loving it, and at last I cry out and wrap my body around him as a massive orgasm rips through my body. My pussy begins to contract, squeezing his cock hard as I cum, grinding my pussy against him. With an animalistic grunt, he cums. He seems to be filling me with gallons of juice. There's so much that I can feel it leaking out around his cock and running down the crack of my ass as he continues stroking my pussy. At last, he stops and collapses on top of me. For a few moments, no one speaks. We all just lay there, panting and trying to regain our composure. 

Finally, he rolls over and lies next to me. After a moment, he says, "Hhhmmm, someone needs to clean all this pussy juice off my cock." 

"Allow me." You say. You get up and walk around to the other side of the bed. I move over, he moves to the middle, and you lay down on his other side, your feet by his head. You take his now flaccid cock in your hand and begin licking off my juices with long, slow, overlapping strokes. He moans softly. I watch for a long time, as I absent-mindedly stroke my pussy with my fingertips. His cock begins to spring back to life and he turns over on his side, says something about returning the favor, and both of you engulf each other's big beautiful hard cocks with your mouths - in sort of a side-by-side 69 position. 

I get up and walk around to your side of the bed. I kneel on the floor behind you and stroke your hair as you suck his cock, telling you how incredibly sexy you are, how good you look with that big black cock in your mouth, how much I like seeing him sucking your cock, and how much I want to see you eat each other's cum. 
