 Pamela and I had decided that since we'd be driving through the Pocono Mountains on our way to New Jersey, to visit my family, we might as well stop over for a relaxing weekend. And it just so happened that we had a friend who managed a resort there, and reserved a cabin for us at a huge discount. We had met Maxine in one of the many adult chat-rooms on the internet a couple of weeks before, and had had many steamy conversations with her since, but this would be our first time meeting her face-to-face.

The cabin was small, but cozy and warm, and we settled in and washed up after our long drive. Max wasn't at work yet, and had left a message for us that she'd get in touch after we'd had a chance to relax. Which she did. After we'd had a two-hour (give or take) nap, the phone rang. It was Maxine, and she was on her way over, "...and I've packed a lunch for us. I'll take you both out for a nice picnic in the woods. You'll really love it; it's gorgeous out here." She could not have been more right. The thick lush forest, with all of the changing autumn colors was breathtaking, and we found a nice little secluded clearing, where Maxine spread out a blanket and doled out a hearty lunch.

But as lovely as the Poconos are, they pale in comparison to Max. Oh, we'd all exchanged pictures, so we knew basically what Maxine would look like, and vice-versa, but photos almost never do a person justice. And this was the case with Max. She was a bit taller than Pamela, so I put her at five six, and she was very pleasingly plump; voluptuous is a more accurate word, actually, with heavy round breasts, a curvy body, and a deliciously fleshy ass. Her strawberry hair went down past her shoulders in gentle waves, and framed her hazel eyes and cute chubby cheeks nicely.

We ate our meal slowly, enjoying the scenery and the company, and then cuddled together, lying on the blanket talking about this and that. The slender body of my Pamela on one side, and the voluptuous body of our new friend Max on the other, felt so inviting and soft, that I couldn't help but give them both a squeeze. I hugged them tight, and then kissed them each in turn, and both of them kissed me back, a lingering sweet kiss that made not only my heart swell. Then I watched as Maxine pressed her lips to Pamela's, their tongues darting over each other, and I let out a small moan. "You like that, do you?" asked Max, knowing full well what my answer would be before she even asked. I nodded, and winking at me, she kissed Pamela again, deeply and passionately. And I lay there on my back, enjoying the sight of these two beautiful women above me, and feeling my cock get harder and harder. Their hands were roaming over each other, and over me, as they kissed, and when Max found my hardness under my jeans, she unzipped me slowly. Hearing the zzipp, Pamela broke the kiss, to watch as Max unbuckled my belt, opened my jeans and boxers, and pulled out my engorged dick. And right there under the open sky she kissed my rock hard cock. She kissed it again, lovingly, and before Pamela or I had gotten over the initial surprise, Max had my hard cock deep inside her wet mouth. And oh, it felt so nice! She sucked my cock as if it was a privilege for her, rather than for me, and in no time, she had me groaning in heavenly bliss. Tugging at my shirt, Pamela lifted it up over my head, tossed it aside, and watching as Maxine sucked my happy dick, she did lovely things with my nipples; squeezing and pinching them between thumbs and forefingers, making me gasp with sheer pleasure.

With Maxine still sucking my cock, Pamela pulled off my sneakers, and socks, and then my blue jeans and grey boxer-briefs. Soon I was fully exposed to the outside world, and Pamela joined Max between my outstretched legs, and started tenderly kissing and licking my balls, while Max licked the shaft of my hard, thick penis. Taking turns at my cock, they each patiently demonstrated their admirable oral talents, and I urged them on with excited noises from my throat. It was such a lovely sight, my cock disappearing into one mouth and then the other, and seeing the lust in Pamela's eyes as she lovingly held my cock up for Maxine to suck while she looked on. Soon I was a bundle of contracted muscles and sensitized nerves, and my breath came in short, heavy bursts. I was about to cum, and I wanted to last awhile longer yet, so I quickly told my lovers to stop what they were doing.

I think my urgency made Max think she'd hurt me. "Are you okay?" she asked, with a worried look on her face.

Pamela and I smiled knowingly. "I'm more than okay, hon," I answered, "I just don't want to cum just yet." Then I realized something. "Hey, why am I the only one who's naked here?" I asked with mock indignation, and then proceeded to tug at the ladies clothing. Giggling, they helped me to undress them, and each other, and soon, with our combined efforts, we had them both down to their sexy lingerie.

Pamela was wearing a black sports bra, with a tiny pair of green silk thong panties, and Max wore skimpy white nylon bikini panties, and a matching bra, which strained with all its might to hold back her bountiful breasts. Slipping my hands under Pamela's sports bra, I took her sensitive, perky nipples and gave them the same loving treatment she'd given mine earlier. She winced at the pain and at the pleasure, and asked me to squeeze harder; which I did. I squeezed and twisted her pointy nipples until she was gritting her teeth, and standing on tiptoes. Stepping up behind Pamela, Maxine kissed the back of her neck, and ran her hands through Pamela's long straight blonde hair. I looked into her emerald eyes, and could see the desire building up behind them, before she closed them, as Max bit down gently on her shoulder. Replacing my hands under Pamela's bra, Maxine started fondling her pert nipples, while I wrapped my arms around Pamela, feeling Max's soft hot flesh with my hands. We sandwiched Pamela between us, and made her moan and writhe ecstatically, as we explored her lovely body with lips, tongue and teeth. Pulling off her black sports bra, I tongued her champagne-glass tits, while Max knelt behind her, peeling down her panties, and kissing her beautiful round ass. Hissing and moaning excitedly, Pamela accepted our oral attentions, and grabbed a handful of Max's wild red hair, and Max kissed her hips, making her way around to Pamela's eager waiting pussy. 

Easing Pamela onto the her back on the picnic blanket, I watched as Maxine kissed her silken thighs, getting closer and closer to the honey between them, and I took my cock in my hand, and stroked lazily; enjoying the show immensely. Maxine really knew how to eat pussy, and soon Pamela was announcing her climax with lusty moans. Kneeling behind Max, I rubbed my cock over her buttocks and watched over her shoulder, as she licked Pamela to a second screaming orgasm.

Cupping her massive tits in my hands, I sat back, pulling Maxine onto my lap, and slipped my cock into her slick love-tunnel, while Pamela, barely recovered from her very potent orgasms, began licking Max's excited clit, and playing with my big hairy balls. I fucked Maxine slowly but surely, kissing her neck, and her back, and occasionally taking a love-bit here and there, while Pamela sucked and slurped on her hard little clitty, and together we managed to bring her off to a shuddering climax. Maxine bounced up and down fast and hard on my cock, impaling herself again and again, grabbed Pamela's head, pressing her pussy against Pamela's mouth, and with a squeal of delight she came in waves, washing my cock and balls, and Pamela's face with her hot pussy-juice. And her pleasure inspired me! Mere seconds after Max's crashing orgasm, my balls tightened up in my scrotum, and before I could stop it, my creamy cum was making its way up my cockshaft, and into her moistened cunt. I could feel my semen dripping out of her pussy, over my balls, and Pamela was good enough to lick us both clean with her soft loving tongue.

Getting out from under Maxine, I watched as Pamela continued to lick her lovely pussy. I'd had my orgasm before I really wanted to, but it didn't mean I was down for the count. Taking position next to Pamela, I aided her in tonguing Max's sweet cunt. We took turns licking her clit, and tongue-fucking her snatch, while I ran my hands up and down Pamela's back and ass, and in due course, Max moaned wantonly, and whispered hotly, "Oh, I'm cummmmmmmmming!" And she was as good as her word, and Pamela and I lapped up her sweet love-juices.

I reached between Pamela's thighs, and finding her pussy to be wet, and throbbing, I decided that Pamela's cunt had been ignored for much too long. Lying on my back, I moved my body between Pamela's open legs, and pressed my lips to her honey-pot, then started licking and sucking like my life depended on it, while Pamela kept on eating Max. Their voices mingled into one long loud moan, and soon Pamela was coating my tongue with her cum. She screamed and Max yelled, and they both shook violently, and I rode through Pamela's climax with my tongue in her snatch, and kept on licking. I was somewhat startled when I felt Maxine's lips wrapping around my limp cock, and she started sucking me into her mouth. It didn't stay limp for very long let me tell you! Max had an expert technique, and a very talented tongue, and before I could say "Aaaah!" my cock grew fully rigid once again. It wasn't easy to concentrate on pleasing Pamela with Max doing her damnedest to distract me, but I managed to coax one more orgasm from my lovely Pamela, which made her scream so loudly, that she frightened off a flock of birds that had been resting in a nearby oak.

"I want to watch you fuck Pamela, Wolf," said Maxine when she had taken my cock out of her mouth, and Pamela had climbed off of my face.

Pamela had no objections, and neither did I, so I climbed on top of her in the good old-fashioned Missionary position. Wrapping her legs around my waist, she drew me deep inside her, as I slipped my hard cock into her dripping wet cunt. Slowly, I fucked her, savoring the sensations that her throbbing pussy sent through my cock, and she did what she always does when she wants me to fuck her harder. Slapping my ass hard, but playfully, Pamela began begging me, "Fuck me harder, Wolf! Slam that cock into my cunt! Oh, God Damn! Fuck me!" And who am I to argue? Grunting like the wild hairy beast that I am, I pushed my cock into her cunt hard and fast, fucking her with all of my power, while Maxine slipped a finger between my buttocks.

Mmmmmmmm, yes.

I thought she was going to stick a finger into my asshole, and I would not have objected by any means; I love that! But that wasn't what she had in store. Gently massaging the sensitive area between my anus and my scrotum, Maxine added to my already great pleasure ten-fold, and she pushed me over the brink! Just as Pamela was tensing up for a powerful orgasm of her own, I came hard, shooting what must have been a gallon of my sticky white goo into her overheated snatch. Pamela screamed again, I groaned, we both came vigorously, and Maxine earned that smug satisfied smile that she had on her face when the two of us came back down to Terra-firma! "Wow!" I exclaimed, when I had the breath to do so, "That felt amazing!"

She just smiled a sultry smile and kissed us both passionately on the lips.

We took our time getting dressed, and walked back to the car on shaky legs, and then went back to the cabin, where Pamela and Max had coffee, and I guzzled down a couple of frosty RootBeers (the drink of choice for men who've just had the fuck of their lives). Unfortunately, Max's work schedule, and our vacation schedule didn't allow us to get together again that weekend, for more than a final dinner together at a local restaurant, but it was a nice time, to say the very least. And Max is coming up to visit us just as soon as she can get the vacation time.

"How was your weekend in the Poconos?" my brother asked me as he took Pamela's and my luggage into the guest-room, and his wife and kids greeted us enthusiastically.

"Not bad at all," I understated.