 People are often cautious about picking up hitchhikers, sometimes I believe to the point of being uncharitable. However, as somebody that used to hitch a lot, I tend to weigh up each case on its' own merits, preferring to let my intuition make the decision for me. This philosophy certainly proved fruitful in this particular case, as my charitable deed was returned with interest aplenty. 

Driving home in increasingly pounding rain one night I saw a couple of lonely figures, thumbs out, hoping against hope for a lift. Their general downtrodden demeanour suggested that they had already been waiting quite some time and indeed, if I didn't help them out now would continue to do so. 

It was raining so heavily it was difficult to make out much about them on which to base some kind of decision. In the end, overcome with sympathy at their plight, I decided to pick them up anyway. I was delighted to find that rather than being two males who might prove to be difficult to handle (in a troublesome situation) it was actually a couple. After we established that I was going in the right direction they climbed into my large, luxurious (and previously dry) people carrier which I'd only taken charge of a month prior. 

The two drenched figures introduced themselves as David and Lauren. On my insistence David sat in the front with me, leaving his girlfriend the back seat all to herself. It emerged that their car had broken down and worse still their breakdown cover had elapsed, hence they had been left with no alternative to walking to the nearest main road and then hitching a ride. Then, David announced, your English skies opened. 

I noted from the weather reference and their slight accents they were not English, Italians, I wrongly guessed - they were actually from Southern France but were living in England. David was tall, fairly thin, rugged, and handsome mid to late twenties and Lauren was exquisite, like a bustier, olive-skinned version of Kiera Knightly, although a little older, early to mid twenties I guessed.

Lauren was exceedingly happy to be out of the rain but being effectively soaked to the skin, asked if I had a towel, she was hugely appreciate when I directed her to one. David was voicing his concerns that if she stayed in her wet apparel until the end of the journey she might catch a cold. Lauren asked if I minded her taking off her wet clothes, considerately pointing out it would make the cars' interior even wetter. I said that the car was not a concern to me and insisted that the right thing to do was exactly what her boyfriend had instructed her to do. 

'Hmmm...it makes me feel really safe to be in the company of such forceful men', Lauren commented, as I fiddled with the car heating, hoping this would help them dry off quicker, as there was still some distance to drive.

Lauren began removing her sodden jacket, jumper, boots and finally jeans. I couldn't resist the urge of glancing in the rear view mirror as we drove on, subtly observing her stripping down to exceedingly fetching bra and panties. The road lights made it possible for me to catch glimpses of her beautiful tanned and toned olive skin every once in a while as she used the towel to dry her neck, belly, back, long luxuriant legs and sexy little feet. 

I remarked that I had just remembered that there was another piece of material that David could use to dry off on and a couple of blankets they could put round themselves but that I would need to stop to get them. I said this primarily because, secretly, I feared for our safety as I could not concentrate on my driving with this beautiful girl in the back wearing just her underwear. 

They eagerly agreed to my suggestion of pulling over and I found a quiet spot. As I went to collect the things David climbed in the back and the couple began whispering in French and giggling. They were clearly in a much better mood than before, as Lauren dried her boyfriend with the towel she had previously been using. With the interior light on it was much easier for me to see Lauren's full beauty, covered as she was only by her expensive-looking black lacy lingerie. I noticed she made scant effort to cover herself, clearly proud of her superb body.

It took me quite some time to find the items in the clutter of the boot and whilst searching, I noticed that small, soft but urgent moans had taken the place of the giggling. When I approached the back door to hand them the items I was taken aback at the sight that presented itself to my eyes: Lauren was sitting forward, had removed her boyfriends' cock from his boxer shorts and was preparing to suck it. My eyes were glued to the sight as she, lubricating him with her saliva, licked her way up its veiny side before engulfing the engorged head with her superb lips. 

I couldn't believe this was happening and in a kind of trance-like state opened the door nearest her and dumbly mumbled something along the lines of 'here they are' Lauren beckoned me in, and removing her boyfriends' saliva covered prick from her mouth announced; 'here you are indeed...but what am I going to do with you Ben?' 

Before I had even considered a reply she was rubbing the bulge in my trousers with her foot and, catching me by the belt of my trousers, pulled me inside the vehicle, with one deft movement unzipping me and pulling out my extremely stiff prick. The surprise of having her cold hand on my prick was tremendously exciting and without a word she turned toward me and spat a large amount of saliva directly on my rock hard cock - something that probably sounds disgusting but was actually indescribably erotic. Lauren then began to massage me with her left hand asking me mockingly; 'would you prefer if I thanked you or wanked you?' 

She didn't listen for my reply responding instead to her boyfriends' urgent moans for her to return his member to her luxuriant mouth. Her hands although fantastic on my cock were hardly the limits of what I now desired; sensing this she deftly removed David's cock from her mouth and replaced it with mine. Oh joy! She sucked and licked my swollen member with unrestrained passion producing the most beautifully disgusting, sucking noises, slurping away and covering my organ with masses of drool, which strung from her mouth every time she briefly removed it. 

All the time she was sucking my cock she kept her eyes glued to mine, this girl was an unbelievable sex kitten. It was especially exciting because it was so unexpected and because, although she was incredibly sexy looking, she also had an innocent look about her and hence didn't look like the type to get up to this sort of stuff at all. I was also amazed by David who didn't seem to so-much-as blink an eyelid while all this was going on. 

After what seemed like a few seconds but was clearly a lot more she removed my cock from her mouth and adjusted her sitting position. It was probably just as well as I was all but set to explode. 'Fucking amazing' I exhaled, to which David replied 'yes she is, isn't she' stroking her affectionately under the chin. 

Lauren was far from finished and guiding us by our balls positioned us so that she could suck us both at the same time. She ran her hands over our bellies onto our cocks pulling back the foreskins at the same time; she began complimenting us on our dicks. 

'Notice' she announced 'how David's' is longer, not by much, barely an inch but how beautiful and veiny it is'. 'On the other hand', she continued, 'notice how Ben's is really fat and...how do you say?' 

'Bulbous', I offered. 

Lauren nodded 'Bulbous', 'yes the head of your cock is bulbous'. 'Your balls are also really heavy, which means I have made you really horny.' 

'Notice', she continued, as she rubbed her thumbs over our knob heads, 'how you have both produced a large amount of pre-come which means I have to be careful as clearly you're not that far away from exploding...which we can't have...it's much too early for that'. She then took turns clearly sizing up the pros and, well, pros of both cocks. 'Oh, I don't know...I can't decide which to have first: eenie meenie meenie mo...I know' she announced 'I'll have both at the same time.' 

She opened her mouth and pulled in both our cocks at the same time using her hands to guide both the engorged heads in. The experience was indescribable, as she gave us what is best referred to as a tongue lashing, trying to cram more and more of our huge members into what was effectively a pretty delicate mouth. Given that her boyfriends' dong was at least 9" and my fat one at least 8" she has to be commended on her efforts. At one point she began to nearly choke, so she decided to concentrate on sucking one and then the other at loud slurpy intervals of around 30 to 40 seconds each whilst all the time holding and twisting them. Boy I was looking forward to dropping my load down her sexy throat.

While she continued to alternate, David hands were disappearing inside her bra, he cupped and pulled out a superb breast; about medium in size but with a perfect young supple shape and a gorgeously pert erect nipple. I didn't know where this was leading but I was very game for whatever she wanted to do and however far her boyfriend would allow it to go, or indeed however far he would let me go with her. It did occur to me however, that he wasn't the one actually making the decisions; Lauren seemed very much in control. 

It struck me at this moment that I was yet to even so much as touch her body. Lauren announced that she needed a break from sucking our large pricks and David immediately sunk to his knees to suck her heavenly breast. Lauren removed her other breast from the cup of her bra and asked if I approved of her tits, I nodded with what can best be described as over-enthusiasm and got down on my knees to suck her other nipple. It was superb; long and chewy and I closed my eyes - this was dreamy! 

I looked up at one of the most beautiful sites I have ever seen, as Lauren lay back, her head lolling in ecstasy, hands cupping her breasts which were being ravenously licked, sucked and chewed by two overexcited males. Clearly she had the same thoughts going through her head, as slipping two fingers down her lacy knickers; she proceeded to put the finishing touches to bringing herself off. I heard her fingers slapping in and out of her pussy, producing beautiful squelchy noises as she ground to a very noisy climax, panting very heavily and soaking her fingers in juice, which I longed to lick clean but was unfortunately not given the opportunity too. 

The atmosphere however changed pretty rapidly after her orgasm, she didn't exactly push us off her breasts but lifted the bra cups back up, so we were unable to continue, speaking quickly in French to her boyfriend, who relayed to me that she thought it was time to go home. Sensing that the situation had turned from one of sensual delight to something completely different I zipped myself up and climbed out of the back, offering Lauren my jacket to wear which she accepted without a word. As soon as David had adjusted himself to the same degree we drove off, David remained in the back. 

They gave me directions to their place but said not another word to me, engaging in what seemed to me, a frantic discussion which my schoolboy French could not keep up with. I had the feeling that this magical night was for some reason over as quickly as it had begun and thus I would not have get to touch her, to kiss her, and to lick and fuck her, clearly exquisite, pussy. I was beside myself with disappointment and yet tried to appear and remain relaxed and optimistic as we arrived at their place.

I pulled up outside their house, trying to play it cool. I had the feeling I was going to be shyly thanked and told to leave. David and Lauren stepped out of the back of the people carrier, Lauren looking resplendent in black stockings, high heels and my dark grey jacket. As she got out I caught a heavenly glimpse of her black panties and my crotch stirred back to life for the first time since earlier. 

They had another rushed conversation in French and David announced that Lauren was going to take a shower and would I like to come in for a coffee or brandy or something. I wasn't too bothered about the first two but the 'something' sounded more up my street. Clearly I would have to play it cool though and see how things turned out. 

Once inside the door Lauren began to relax somewhat, my heart jumped for joy when she unbuttoned my jacket and gave it back to me and thanked me for being such a gentleman. She stood there wearing only her underwear and elegant stilettos and announced that she was going to shower and asked if we would like to watch whilst she soaped herself. 

Inside the bathroom Lauren had lit candles and, considering what was to happen, had made the whole scene rather romantic. Lauren wasted no time in getting down to the serious business of stripping off, peeling off her bra, whilst turned away from us, thus keeping her superb pert tits hidden. She then peeled down her panties so sensuously I felt my heart was going to stop; in doing so she revealed considerably whiter skin, clearly where she has been wearing a 'dental floss' type bikini bottom whilst sunbathing. Her minge was gorgeous, near hairless and she had very pronounced and exquisitely juicy pussy lips with little wisps of dark brown hair trimmed into a neat triangle. 

She began to run her finger up and down her generous pussy lips, pausing to rub her clit and insert a finger inside her sticky cunt, all the time, grinding her hips, rubbing her superb peach-like arse just inches from our faces. 

'What do you think of Lauren's body?' David asked me, to which I could only reply 'fucking gorgeous': the situation rendering me as inarticulate as earlier. 

She explored herself with her fingers, affording us a wonderful view of her puckered arsehole, a clear indication to me, that she was a lover of anal. I had the feeling that we were really going to party, but was brought down to earth when Lauren unexpectedly announced that she was now going to wash her hair and that she might well be some time. 

David showed me into their comfortable but stylish living room and actually offered me the drink from before. 'Don't worry she is not normally so much of a, how do say? teaser of cocks'. 'Cocktease?' I offered as a possible correction, but David gave me a look which suggested me that he had been right in the first place. 

After filling a large goblet with red wine and passing it to me which I urgently gulped down, he opened the draw of a cabinet in the hallway and pulled out a box containing all manner of naughty items. 'Condoms', David announced giving me a look that seemed to say, 'if you are going to fuck my girlfriend, you have to wear one of these, OK sunshine!' 

The other items were much more interesting and included a few vibrators and dildos including a couple of different anal ones, various types of handcuffs & restraints, a light whipping crop, a pot of KY jelly and a large bottle of baby oil. 'These might come in handy' David casually announced. My heart thumped...'boy this is gonna be some party' I commented to myself.

After what seems like an absolute age Lauren came out of the bathroom, hair dried and looking divine in just a tiny bath towel, which after teasing us with for a few minutes she ripped from her announcing that she was now in the mood to get down to it. She lay down on their luxurious brown leather sofa spread her legs wide and pulled them up towards her head, assuming what I only describe as a very sexy yoga position, affording me a wonderful view of her sexy cunt and divine bum hole. 

David stripped off in what seemed like a second and offered his once again stiff member to his girlfriend's mouth, being rewarded almost instantly with a fantastically slurpy sounding suck. I was down on my knees in equal quick time touching then inserting at first one and then two fingers inside her gorgeous pussy hole. Her moans told me I was on the right track and encouraged by this I begin to lick and lap her superb slit, bringing more moans of approval. 

Next I moved to her puckered anus, inserting a finger and then tonguing the area surrounding the hole. I got into a rhythm, licking in motion from her cute bum hole to her clit. Lauren was so excited she removed her boyfriend's near bursting cock from her mouth and whilst complimenting me on my technique instructed me to begin tonguing deep inside her arse. 

To stop himself from coming David pulled his cock out of her mouth and instead began sensuously kissing his wild girlfriend, at first languidly then more deeply, until finally his kisses became increasingly frantic and urgent. I looked up from my privileged position deep between her legs to see their tongues lashing at each other and at the same time I caught Lauren's eye as she glanced down to see my tongue and fingers busy with her pussy and arse. By this point I was starting to realise what a beautiful prize bad girl we had here and my mind began to swim at the possibilities of what was to come. 

Lauren, suddenly realising I was completely clothed, ordered me to strip off. I responded to the role play scenario stating that I was not going to be ordered about by such a slut, however gorgeous she was, and it was clear to me that she needed to be taught a lesson. I begin to spank her gorgeous arse, lightly at first but then harder, leaving it red. The only soothing I offered was licking the reddened area as well as periodically dipping my tongue into her arsehole and snatch. 

David was clearly going through an intense phase of jealous excitement which, interestingly, brought out his competitive nature. He announced that what Lauren really needed was to have her pussy spanked. We swapped positions and to Lauren's delight I finally stripped off. She licked her lips as I offered her my manhood and she took it deep into her throat as David began to spank, finger and generally (mock) abuse her genitalia. 

The look on her face was out of this world, the rosy colour of her face clearly portraying the ecstasy she was in. 'God I need to be fucked' she announced twisting her body 180 degrees without even taking my cock from her mouth - which felt mind-blowingly good! She was wriggling her arse, frantically getting spanked, licked and fingered by her boyfriend. 'Cock, now David!' she ordered. 

The luckiest guy in the world (excepting perhaps myself) then started pumping deep within her snatch, producing gasps and gurgles from Lauren. David and I commandeered an arse cheek each to spank. David got hold of the baby oil and started coating Lauren beautiful body in it, the lubricant nature of it making it easy for one of our fingers to 'accidentally' slip inside her arsehole which seemed to happen rather a lot. 

Lauren removed my hard rod from her mouth and after a bit of fumbling and several jaw movements began to unroll a condom on my cock using only her mouth, she did it so expertly that I couldn't help thinking that she had done it many times before. She announced that now that I was suitably attired I might like to fuck her. 

David and I swapped positions with a quick hi-five type tag which made Lauren giggle, and finally I got to sink my bloated phallus deep inside her snatch. Words cannot describe how it felt to be fucking her so deeply, my hands moving constantly against her oiled hips and bum cheeks. 

David's plan was to swap positions when we are at the brink so we could bring her off without coming ourselves. It worked well, for shortly after I had entered her for what I seem to remember was the third time, she came with frightening intensity. This is perhaps not so surprising when you consider that at the time my fat cock was deep inside her cunt and I had inserted and was twisting a dildo into her oiled up arsehole whilst simultaneously spanking her naughty bum. At the same time her boyfriends' hands were all over her tits and his cock was buried deep in her throat. 
