 David finally invited me to spend a weekend with him in New York. He was in the middle of a business trip that would last about three weeks. We were able to spend two wonderful days together seeing the sights of New York. Of course the sex was fantastic.

When the weekend ended he drove me to the airport and I boarded a flight to Dallas. From there I would fly to Baton Rouge and then take a flight from there to our home. I had a seat next to one of the windows and as I reached my seat and slipped my small carry on bag beneath the seat a young couple with a small baby moved into the other seats. The girl, who sat next to me, appeared to be about nineteen years old. She had long red hair that was parted down the middle and braided into pigtails. Freckles were sprinkled all over her face and arms. She had beautiful clear blue eyes and full pouty lips. 

She was very pretty in a clean wholesome way. The all-American type girl with long slender legs and obviously well endowed in the breast area.

She held the sleeping baby in her arms. The boy appeared to be a little older and was tall with dark skin. He had a rangy athletic build.

She looked at me and with a bright smile and said, "I am Jill Wilson and this is my husband Randy. I hope that you won't mind the baby. I'll try to keep him quiet."

I smiled and said, "My name is Betty Fielder and I certainly don't mind the baby I have two of my own."

"How old is she?" I asked.

"It's a boy and he just turned six months today." Was her reply? "His name is Aaron." 

We engaged in the usual conversation that strangers do when they meet on airplanes. I told them about my life and my two teen-age boys. Jill told me that Randy was on a baseball scholarship to LSU and that they had just visited their parents in New Jersey. They had only been married a short while.

We flew along in silence for a while until the baby began to cry.

Jill looked at me and said, "He's hungry. I'll have to feed him. I hope you don't mind."

"Of course not." was my reply.

I had to look as she unbuttoned her blouse and removed her right breast from her nursing bra. It was large and covered with freckles. The nipple was thick and long and a drop of milk leaked out. It looked delicious and my mouth watered!

I envied little Aaron as he latched on to that incredible nub and started to suck. I was mesmerized and could not take my eyes from that incredible sight. I began to salivate and as I licked my lips Jill said, "He is a hungry little devil." She looked directly into my eyes and saw the lust there.

"I-- I apologize for staring." I stuttered as I looked away. "It just reminded me of when my two were nursing."

"You can look if you like. I don't mind. It is a bit of a turn on" She said with a smile. "It makes me tingle when he eats."

I did not know what to make of what she said but I accepted her invitation. Aaron's little cheeks would suck in as he worked that gorgeous nipple. I wondered what it must taste like. He pulled his head back and released her nipple. As it came into view I could see that it was harder and longer than before.

Jill paused and let me look at it for a second before she covered it with her bra. She then released her left breast and Aaron latched on to its long, thick, sumptuous nipple with gusto. I almost gasped out loud at the sight.

"Beautiful isn't it?" whispered Jill.

"Yes it is." I replied in a low voice and added. "Your nipples are gorgeous."

"Thank you! I'm glad you like them."

He finished nursing and not much more was said until we landed in Dallas. We walked together to Gate 14 to wait for our flight to Baton Rouge. When we arrived Jill asked me to sit with them while we waited.

She said, "We sit close to the desk in case the plane is overbooked. They sometime ask passengers if they will give up there seats in exchange for future vouchers. Last time we were here we got bumped. We don't have much money and every little bit helps."


We waited for a while and sure enough the lady at the desk announced that the plane was overbooked and asked for four volunteers to give up their seats. Randy rushed to the desk and I thought, "What the heck," and I followed. We both volunteered. We would receive vouchers in the amount of $300 and since the next plane would not leave until 8 o'clock the next morning the airline company would put us up in their hotel that night.

How could I possibly be this lucky? Being the nasty girl that I am I decided to seize the opportunity and make a lewd proposition to the young couple. We were both in need.

They needed money and I needed to suck the milk from those luscious tits. In a plain white envelope in the bottom of my purse was the thousand dollars that Emily gave to me. She had told me to put it to good use and if things went the way I thought they would it would be.

We were provided transportation to the hotel and received food vouchers to eat at its restaurant. As we took the elevator to our rooms I asked, "Would ya'll like to eat dinner with me?" 

"We would like that a lot." Answered Jill. "Just give us a few minutes and we will knock at your door."

"Sounds good to me. It's a date."

I walked to my room, which was just a couple of doors from theirs. I looked back and said. "It's room 363. I'll see ya'll in a little bit."

I freshened up a little bit but the excitement of what might soon happen had me flustered. I had to force myself to calm down. After what seemed like a very short time I heard a soft knock at the door.

"We are ready." Jill cheerfully said. 

We walked to the elevator as Randy carried Aaron in his baby basket. The little guy was sound asleep. I looked at him and smiled.

"He's a good baby." Randy said. "He sleeps most of the time."

After we were seated I said. "I want to make this a special night, lets order a bottle of wine. It's on me. Ya'll get anything you want."

"Wine sounds good to me." Randy exclaimed!

"I don't know if I should drink since I'm breast feeding the baby." Jill said doubtfully.

"One drink won't hurt baby." Randy entered. "I'd like to get a shot of bourbon also."

"Me too." I added.

"I guess I will too." It may make Aaron sleep more soundly Jill giggled.

We ate a fine meal and consumed the entire bottle of wine. Everybody was in a mellow frame of mind as I settled with the waiter and ordered a bottle of wine to go.

"Lets sit in the lounge for a little while, I'd like to talk with ya'll about something." I suggested.

We found a booth in a secluded corner and sat down. I ordered a glass of wine and Randy a beer. Jill passed.

"Are ya'll having trouble making end meet?" I asked.

"We sure are." Randy answered. "Money is in short supply."

"We are going to have trouble paying the rent this month." Added Jill.

"I think that I can help ya'll. I would like to make ya'll an offer. I have a thousand dollars that ya'll can have but I want something in return." I said.

"A thousand dollars?" Randy questioned. "What do we have to do for a thousand dollars?"

"Listen to what I have to say and think about it before you decide. I find you both exceptionally attractive young people and I want to make love to both of you tonight."

They sat for a moment with astonished looks on their faces before Randy asked; "You want us to participate in a sexual threesome with you tonight?"

"Yes I do." I replied.

"I can't believe that this conversation is actually taking place. We have never done anything like that before." Jill added then asked, "Have you?"

"Yes I have. Until just a few hours ago we were complete strangers and we will probably never see each other again. A thousand dollars is a lot of money and I can promise you that the sex will be good. No one will ever know what we did here" I assertively replied.

"You are an attractive woman Miss Betty and I am flattered that you would ask us. We are just surprised. We never considered that anything like this would take place. Can we have a little time to decide? We need to talk it over." Randy stated.

"Take as much time as you need. I am going to go up to my room and take a bath and put on some fresh clothes. I want to be clean for the two of you. Call me when you decide." I said as I stood and walked out of the café.

All I could picture were those thick, milky nipples as I took my bath. I did not think it would be very long before I received the call. I was tempted to masturbate but decided to save it all for the Wilson's.

I decided to wear a short, pleated yellow skirt with no panties and a sleeveless, white button up blouse, sans bra. Both were easily removable. I also decided to wear sandals and pulled my hair back in a ponytail. I was ready for some heavy sexual action.


As I approvingly looked at my reflection in the mirror the phone rang. "Miss Betty, this is Jill. We have decided to take you up on your offer. We would like for you to come to our room."

"I'm happy to hear that. I'll be there in a few minutes." I replied.

I was so excited that I felt like running but I controlled myself, picked up my purse, and slowly made my way to their room. I knocked and Randy opened the door. "Come in pretty lady." He invited.

He was dressed in a pair of baggy khaki shorts and a white t-shirt. Jill was sitting on the bed wearing a short, pleated, light green skirt and a matching button top. She was exquisitely beautiful with her clear blue eyes, freckles and red pigtails.

As I walked to the bed, the baby started to cry. "He's hungry." Jill shrugged as she stood and picked him up. "I'll have to feed him and then he'll go back to sleep."

"I want to watch." I said.

Randy said, "I'll take a walk while he eats. I'm kind of nervous. I'll be back soon."

Jill sat next to me on the bed, unbuttoned her top and released both of those gorgeous, freckled, milk filled melons. She was not wearing a bra. Little Aaron quickly latched unto one of her nipples and began to suck. The sight overwhelmed me as Jill began to talk.

"Randy and I don't have much of a sex life. He hasn't made love to me since way before the baby was born. We only did it a few times before I got pregnant. We had to get married. I think that he feels trapped by our marriage. He's not happy and neither am I."

She paused for a moment and continued. "I am terribly inexperienced sexually. You will have to show me what to do. I know that Randy wants to fuck you but what man wouldn't. You are a beautiful woman." She continued.

"What about you baby. What do you want?" I asked.

"I want some sort of sexual release. All I do is masturbate and most of the time it is when I nurse the baby. I feel so sexual then. The sucking turns me on. Sometimes I cum just from the sucking." She answered and asked. "Am I sick?"

"No pretty baby. Your sexual feelings are normal as are your needs. I am going to make you feel like you have never felt before." I whispered.

Little Aaron slumped away from her nipple satiated. He was sound asleep. A drop of milk hung from the end of Jill's long, hard nipple. She stood and placed Aaron in the baby carrier and walked over to the dresser and placed it there. 

"He'll be out of our way." She said as she removed her blouse. Her beautiful tits bobbed and wobbled from side to side as she slowly returned to the bed and sat next to me.

I moved close to her and said. "I want to suck your beautiful nipples. I want to taste your sweet milk."

"I've wanted you to do that ever since I saw you looking at them on the plane." She gasped as I leaned forward, looked into her eyes, opened my mouth and wrapped it around one of those long, turgid nipples.

I sucked softly and the milk immediately began to flow. This was a first for me and I almost melted as her hot delicious milk flowed into my mouth. I ran my tongue over her nipple as I sucked. I pulled back a little, still sucking, letting my lips slide up her nipple making it harder and longer. The delicious hot milk tasted divine. Jill had a look of amazement on her face. I knew that it was the first time a woman had sucked her tits and now I was drawing her sweet nectar out. Her nipple felt wonderful in my mouth and her milk was incredibly delicious. It was the sexiest feeling to suck her full tits and have her milk flow into my mouth. I savored each spurting stream as it flowed over my tongue.

I sucked several times on that nipple and then switched to the other one. I sucked sensuously and noisily as I cupped her tit and stroked it with my hand.

"Jesus, that feels so good. It feels so---naughty, and so—damn sexy." She said as she stroked my hair lightly. "It makes me tingle between my legs. Miss Betty you are so sensual." She said as she closed her eyes and licked her full lips.

"Tell me where you feel it baby. Does your pussy tingle?" I asked.

"Yes." She answered.

"Say it then. Tell me where it tingles." I demanded as I continued to suck her nipple.

"It makes my pussy tingle." She gasped.

"Talk nasty to me baby. I love nasty talk. Is your pussy wet pretty girl?" I mumbled as I nibbled lightly with my teeth.

"Oooh, Yes my pussy is wet." She sighed.

Inspired by her words I picked up the pace and sucked over and over, pulling back as I tongued her nipples. I started to salivate as I slid my lips along her large areolas, drawing the milk out as sensuously as I could. I felt wonderful doing it to her like this. Her firm nipple felt so erotic as I slid my lips along its length. As I sucked in her sweet milk my clit felt like it was about to explode.

Ohhhh," Jill sighed softly. "You are making me so damn hot. Miss Betty you are fantastic. Keep sucking like that, my pussy is on fire."

"Play with your pussy pretty girl. Let yourself go. It's OK. Finger that pretty pussy." I said softly as I looked into her eyes and went back to sucking."

She reached down to the hem of her skirt, pulled it up, slid her hand down into her panties and spread her legs a little wider. I could see her hand moving inside her panties.

"My pussy is so fucking wet. It feels so good. Keep sucking. Keep sucking my fucking tits. You are going to make me cum if you keep doing that." Jill frantically uttered.

I kept sucking her nipples softly as I continuously drew her hot delicious milk out. I was as turned on as I could be. I was overwhelmed by the taste of her milk and the smell of her excited pussy. I grabbed her ass in one hand and pulled her closer to me. I noisily sucked and licked her thick long nipples and her breathing became faster. I knew she was about to cum so I ran my hand up the inside of her thigh and under her panties. I covered her fingers as they worked her extremely wet pussy.

Jill gasped, "Sweet Jesus! I'm about to cum. Finger me. Make me cum!"

I slipped two fingers under her hand and into her very wet slit as I closed my eyes and sucked harder on her tit. I flicked it rapidly with my tongue as I began to rub her hard clit. I rolled her hard little nubbin around an around just the way I like to do mine.

Ohhhh, Fuck, yeesss, Finger fuck me! Finger fuck my wet pussy! I'm going to cum. Sweet Jesus I'mmmm Cuummming, Now!

I sucked her nipples as I sawed my fingers in and out of her cunt. I loved the hardness of her nipples and the sweet taste of her hot milk as it flowed into my mouth. It was delicious and tasted wonderful. Jill started to buck her hips in time to my probing fingers and I knew that she was working to cum again. She brought her wet fingers to my lips and I sucked them for a moment. I loved the powerful smell and taste of her pussy.

Jill began to grunt, "Hunh, hunh, hunh, hunh," as she bucked against my hand. I sucked harder and faster on her nipples as she worked for the cum.

"Hunh, hunh, hunh, hunh, Fuucck Yes! I'm cumming again." She proclaimed loudly as her body shook all over and slumped back into the bed.

"Jesus! That was fantastic. I can't believe that it feels so good to have another woman suck my titties. I have never cum that hard."

"Ladies I have never seen anything like that before." Randy said as he startled us. We did not even know that he had reentered the room. "That is the hottest thing that I have ever seen." He continued.

"Take your clothes off and let me see that cock. We'll let you join in a little while but for right now just watch." I commanded.

"Lets take your panties off." I suggested as I moved to my knees between Jill's legs. "I want to see your pussy." Jill raised her hips from the bed and I removed her skirt and then grabbed the waistband of her panties with both hands and slid them over her hips and down her long legs. They were full white cotton panties with tiny green stripes and were soaked with her juices.

I brought them up to my nose and inhaled deeply. The smell of her sweet pussy was intoxicating. I tossed them to Randy and said. "Suck the pussy juice from them while I pleasure your wife."

He caught the panties and immediately began to suck on the sopping crotch. Randy was completely naked and his fully erect cock stood straight out from his body. I could see that his cock was a good one.

"Pull your knees back to your ears Jilly." I commanded. " I want to see it all."

She immediately complied and said. "This is so nasty, so naughty, I am completely exposed."

"Yes you are and from where I am the sight is beautiful." Her pussy hair was a thick, well-trimmed, red bush. Her puffy lips were swollen with excitement and her thick cum was leaking from her cunt down into her pretty crinkled ass hole.

"Are you going to lick me?" She asked.

"Yes I am." I responded.

"No one has ever licked my pussy. No one. Please lick it. Please lick it now." She pleaded.

I leaned forward and stuck my whole face into it. I fastened my mouth to her pussy and sucked as hard as I could. 

Jill gasped, "Oh Shit," as I vacuumed the nectar from her cunt. I then flat tongued her from her pretty little ass hole to her belly button. I took each of her pussy lips in turn and sucked them into my mouth as I worked the length of her cunt back and forth.

"Oh God! Randy she's eating my pussy." Jill wondrously exclaimed. "I'm going to cum again."

Her words spurred me on as I devoured her beautiful pussy. I lapped at it noisily as my mouth began to salivate. I licked up to her hard little bud and sucked it into my mouth and bit it gently and then flicked it with my tongue. At the same time I inserted two fingers into her hole and curled them as I pumped them in and out. She started to buck her hips into my thrusting fingers and probing tongue.

"Fuck Yes! I'mmm cuummminng again! You are killing me. This is so fucking good." She screamed.

I leaned back on my haunches removed my blouse and ordered. "Get over here and lick this beautiful pussy Randy." He quickly complied and as I moved to the side he kneeled down and plunged his tongue into Jill's seeping cunt.

"Lick it big boy. Lick your wife's pretty pussy. Taste her juices. Suck those lips." I said as I urged him on.

An inspired Randy was eating Jill's pussy with gusto and making loud slurping noises as he feasted on her goodness.

"Oh! You are going to make me cum baby. Lick my pussy!" Suck my clit! Taste my juices! Ooooh Fuck! Make me cum all over your face."

Randy raised his head and said. "You taste so fucking good baby girl. Cum on my face. Work with me baby."

He grabbed her tight little ass with both hands and pulled her pussy to his mouth. Jill bucked hard into his face as he latched on to her clit and sucked it with a vengeance.

"Hunh. Hunh, hunh." She grunted as she bucked her tight ass into his sucking mouth and then screamed. "Fuuuck Yees! I'mm Cuummminng! My baby made me cum with his mouth."

"Come give me some of that big cock." I demanded as I moved onto all fours next to Jill.

Randy moved behind me, raised my skirt over my hips and stuck his dick into my very wet pussy. With one squishy sounding stroke he buried it balls deep into my cunt. I rammed my ass back into his groin but I was so turned on that I immediately started to cum.
