 Note to my readers: In this Chapter, Sam begins to show something that I had not anticipated when I first created his character. I have enjoyed discovering this inside him, but not in providing the level of detail demanded by his authorship. Some of my readers, particularly the females (like me) would prefer a more abstract approach, but my male collaborators (to whom I am very grateful) convinced me of the necessity of describing Sam's behavior in quite graphic detail : detail that I was loathe to write at the outset. This was far beyond my range of sensibility, but I perservered, in my labor of love to portray Sam as he would have done himself.(thereby improving my ability to cast away my feminine underpinings)

Having been forewarned, you are now invited to please read on......(and provide me YOUR opinion...thank you!)

*

I don't know how long I held on, fiercely striving to discern a sound: any sound, in the bedroom. After the screamingly wild exhibition had aroused me to the breaking point, I had fallen now to the depths of delusion, feeling cheated, teased and tormented, and ultimately, denied. The object of my fantasies, the erotic sorceress of untold lusts, had entered my life, beckoned me hither, and cavorted away with my sex spirit, Kristi. She, a sappho virgin, had received all of Sayura's soft kisses and tender caresses, sailing to ever higher rapturous orbits with every touch from her female lover. They had not laughed at my straining body, my emasculated yearning cock, as every pore screamed for their ministrations, but their total neglect of me seemed even worse. Tieing my hands, to prevent my own release, had probably been a blessing, rather than a punishment. For them, however, it was simply a statement, that they only needed each other.

The mid-morning sun hurt my eyes. In her haste to taste forbidden fruit, Kristi had neglected to close the curtains last night. The sun blazed on my face and I had to move. My head also pounded from a hangover, and it really rocked unbearably as I rolled onto my side on the sofa: but now the sun was off me, at least. I slipped my tied hands under my bare ass, to get them in front of me where I could untie them. The handkerchief slipped off easily, and I was free. I tiptoed to the bedroom door even though I was sure I'd find nothing. The door opened noiselessly. The girls were gone. In their wake, the bed linens looked like something uprooted by a tornadic earthquake.

Exiting and returning to the sterility of my own room, I stripped off the clothes I'd partially worn to get back here, and blissfully stuffed my pounding brain under the shower. Everything throbbed: my hungover head, my strained back muscles, from sleeping in such a contorted position, and, of course, my dick, which had been denied all night. Lathering the shampoo, I massaged my hair over and over, feeling immense relief the harder my fingers traced my scalp. The soap, and the massage was a tonic that soothed my numbed nerves, and stimulated my skin to feel refreshment from the torrent of warm water rushing over me. Pouring a generous portion of shampoo into my hands, it was only natural that they would descend to nurture that which had been so horribly ostracized last night. I groaned, leaning heavily against the shower wall, as my hand pumped, accelerating rapidly to a blur. In seconds I had shot everything I had, splattering indiscriminately in all directions, as my cock angrily spit out all it's venom in the first few staccato bursts. The intensity of my thrashing took out my knees, and I semi-crashed to the floor.

The water again revived me, after a time. I stood up and let it rain on my head, until the throbbing ceased. Toweling off also invigorated me, and I rubbed every inch of skin vigorously. Walking past my bed, was, however, impossible. I needed a real sleep before starting this day. Throwing off the duvet, and my towel, I collapsed on top, stretching myself luxuriously, as I angled from corner to corner. My eyes fluttered only once.

My brain, however, had other ideas. Image, after unbelievable image streamed through my relaxed consciousness, rousting my arousal apparatus. The sight of Sayura's gorgeous breasts, now being sucked and kissed by Kristi's virgin mouth, was replaced by the delicious decadence of their loving kiss, which was in turn replaced by the sight of Sayura's fingers disappearing inside the front of Kristi's satin panties. Powerless to overcome these images, I sensed my hand reaching out to secure my soft penis and stroke it encouragingly. I remembered Kristi's fingers flitting over Sayura's smooth ass, reaching behind and underneath her. Then, as Sayura sighed, Kristi brought her fingers up for both to taste and suck. Gradually, my penis began to fill my hand, inexorably growing and stiffening. Reluctantly releasing it, I touched it softly with only my fingertips. I wanted to enjoy my arousal, coasting, instead of racing, to a languid, thorough release.

Now my imagination took over. Sayura had led her candy stick, Kristi, to the bedroom. There, hidden from me, they'd enjoyed each other, treating me only to the delicious sighs of their unbounded lovemaking. My mind sparkled with fantasy thoughts of Sayura kneeling in front of Kristi, looking up deeply into her eyes, as her tongue weakened every fibre of Kristi's stiffened body. When Kristi could no longer stand, her lover nudged her onto the bed, and snuggled up over her to kiss her passionately with her own sweet juices. Recognizing her lover's uninhibited desire, Sayura rose to her knees above her. Searching Kristi's eyes for any sign of doubt, Sayura brought Kristi's fingers close, guiding them to touch her through the cotton barrier. Seeing only hunger, Sayura lowered herself until Kristi could replace her fingers with her tongue.

This was too much for my awakened penis. I took my hand away, and then, after a few seconds, tenderly touched the tip with just one finger. My fingertip gingerly traced across the tiny opening, back and forth, then gently circling the entire head. This was marvelous! I began to feel extremely naughty. Remembering how my wife touches herself so gently, I pretended to be like her, softly teasing myself with just one or two fingers. Oh god, some wicked thoughts flew through my brain. I pretended I was a woman now, playing with my own little clit. Suddenly, I could see my wife again, licking her fingers as she touched herself. I brought my hand up and licked my own finger and slid it over the little opening again. I did this over and over, getting the opening slick with my saliva. Soon, a new form of arousal assaulted me.

"Oh god," I groaned out loud. "This tastes goooood!"

I had never known what my penis tasted like, and the taste surprised me.

"Oh god.....I want to taste myself....I want to taste my cock."

Holding the shaft in one hand, I continuously fed myself with the other, using two fingers to exchange saliva for pre-cum juices. Never had I dreamed of doing this, but now it was driving me nuts with desire. My mind flipped between imagining myself as a girl touching herself, and reality.

"Oh shit I love the taste of my cock....I want to suck myself.....oh fuck.. I want to taste my cum."

I looked down at the head of my cock, pointed toward me as I pet the tip with my wet finger. It wanted to feel my tongue, and I wanted my tongue to feel it. I strained forward with my head, darting out my tongue, as if to prove to myself how badly I wanted to suck it, and taste my own manhood.

"I want to suck you....and lick you...I want my tongue on you...you beautiful cock," I whispered.

"Oh god yes....mmmmmm," I smiled as I got a good taste of myself. "I love the taste of cock."

As much as the physical stimulation was affecting me, it was miniscule compared to the effect of the wild fantasy dancing inside my head. I felt like some sort of man/girl, touching myself as though I were a woman and hungering to suck the beautiful soft head.

I was driving myself so wild that I made myself promise to taste myself, when I came. I didn't have long to wait. 

My eyes slammed shut like iron doors as the first wave hit. Then, quickly, wave after wave after wave crashed through me, and I felt myself spurting what seemed like continuously. Unceasingly, my finger continued to pet the flailing tip, and the soft caress seemed to extend the orgasm beyond any I'd ever experienced. Somehow, I was able to pry open my eyelids in time to watch the last few jets fly out. Brazenly, I brought my fingers up and licked the heavy white stuff from them.

"Mmmmmm god!" I breathed. "I love my cum."

Pretending now to be a girl again, I sucked one finger inside and then scooped up some more cum. I took it in my mouth immediately. Oh fuck, how nasty it was to feel and taste this forbidden treat!

The workout

I was sweating: not just perspiring, but sweating heavily from every pore of my body, and breathing so hard that I was almost greying out. I had to stop. Tricep dips had always been the mother of all ball-busting exercises for me, and today I had tried to do 50 consecutive dips. It was no use. Leaning against the concrete wall, I wiped the large drops of sweat hanging from my eyebrows, then dried my wet palms with the white cotton towel. The clock on the wall showed that I'd been working out in the hotel gym for almost two full hours now. As much as I hated treadmills, I'd had no choice today, because of stormy, bone-drenching rainy weather. I had attacked my workout with a vengeance, driven by the roller-coaster emotional ride I'd endured over the past night and morning. It felt as though a concoction of hormones had ransacked my central nervous system, so I hoped that a merciless session of physical exertion would obliterate the offending chemicals. Five fast miles on the treadmill, 15 on the bike, and a strength session on free weights had now almost done me in. However, I had promised myself that I must also do a swim workout before calling it quits. I drained my water bottle as I summoned the will to move on.

The workout had brought a welcome relief from my overworked libido. As with most hotel exercise rooms during the day, it was mostly unoccupied. There were the typical overweight, definitely not pretty, females that came in to mostly drink water and watch the tv while walking, slowly, on a treadmill. Also, some fat guys, some awkward guys, and a couple of very fit men had passed through, doing various types of workouts. Now, however, I was eyeing the only other individual who remained. She was a slender, small-breasted asian who was very tall for her race. In spite of my attempt to escape all things sexual, looking at her was the only alternative to enduring sheer boredom. I liked her long legs, whose length was magnified by her small, black, cotton shorts, and her long thin arms. She wore a green, ribbed undershirt that would have looked much better if only she'd lost the black bra underneath. So what if she had no tits? It would be nice to know that they were free and fresh, untrapped under her loose top. Women were just too goddamned paranoid about their boobs, I thought to myself. Even as I did so, I returned to my senses, upset at my hasty incrimination. You jerk, I scolded myself. I hadn't considered the comfort and security that a bra would provide a female who wanted to do an honest workout. I dropped the empty bottle in the trash, and headed for the pool.

The Bar scene

I steadied Kristi as she got down from her clubstool, and then watched her retreating figure as she headed for the restroom. I was suddenly very very glad that she had called me to join them for dinner.

The telephone had awakened me abruptly when Kristi called at 7 pm. I had slept for almost 4 hours, and sounded very groggy to her.

"You been in bed playing with yourself all day?" she teased.

"Why? What else is there to do on a rainy day?"

"You perve," she joked. "I went shopping, and now it's time to have some fun. You coming with us?"

I seriously hoped that 'us' meant her and Sayura.

"Ahhhhh...."

"C'mon Sam," she urged. "Delaney and I are downstairs. How long do you need?"

My sudden excitement evaporated.

"We'll wait 10 minutes. Delaney's got a new place he wants to take us to. C'mon!"

"Okay," I sounded defeated. "I'll be down as soon as I can. Give me 15."

Now, after a couple of hours of drinking, and a little bit of eating, Delaney and I were feeling no pain. Neither of us tried to camouflage our lustful gazes as we watched Kristi's delectable ass squish across the room. God! Her butt was so perfectly round, tiny and soft, with the tightest jeans that separated each cheek so perfectly, as her hips swung so rhythmically, that I was instantly hard. It was no surprise that almost everyone else was watching, too. As she passed one guy, I couldn't help but notice where his eyes went. Also impossible to miss, was his hand that raced down to relieve the sudden discomfort in his pants.

"God!" breathed Delaney, smiling toward me.

Suddenly, I was worried that he might have seen where my eyes had been.

"Yeah," I smiled nonchalantly, "her ass never quits, huh?"

"Yeah," he agreed, trapping my eye with a mischevous glint.

"Yeah," he said again. "That's for sure....but how 'bout that guy with the problem...You couldn't have missed that."

"M'mmm...yeah." It was useless to deny it.

"Big problem, huh?" he smirked. "That would really split her ass, wouldn't it?" Delaney laughed.

I laughed. "Yeah.....yeah." I didn't think it funny at all, but I didn't want to deflate his mood.

"I sure wouldn't mind having a problem like that...." he said, before adding, "...like you." His eyes twinkled a little, but not without a hint of envy.

I wasn't sure how to respond.

Delaney dragged on his beer, looking away. "Did you notice that guy before?" he wondered out loud.

I ignored the question.

"You ever....." he began again, using a different tack.

"Did you ever look around a bar and....and.... and notice the guys?"

His tone was soft, the words emerging reluctanly but clearly, just for me.

I wasn't sure what I'd just heard, but he confirmed his statement with serious eyes. I watched his lips slip off the bottle, pressing together to form a wistful grin.

I realized what he was trying to say, and the reality quite surprised me, but I wanted to show respect for his feelings.

"Sometimes they look better than the girls." I flashed him a warm smile, complementing my reply as a way for him to keep the conversation light, and an easy way for him to escape from the subject he'd just introduced.

"I mean it."

Now how, and why, would Delaney ever throw open such a topic in a crowded bar, and late at night, especially when our minds, and everyone else's, were stuffed full of gorgeous, super hot, Kristi? I felt his grey eyes drill into mine then, searching for an answer before I could speak. Maybe this was the perfect opportunity to get it off his chest, without suffering too much if I didn't respond as he'd expected?

"I'm not sure...."

"Yeah you are," he growled, but with a tight smile. "I mean..." he went on more softly, "look at the guys....and .... notice them." His sincerity invited a positive response.

"Yeah," I breathed, "yeah...sure. I guess so."

"No." That sounded like a bullet. "I mean notice which ones are assholes, and which ones are....like that one that Kristi just walked past....actually don't look too bad?" His eyebrows lifted slightly as he added "...maybe even a little interesting?"

"Oh"

"C'mon," he pressed. "You must do that sometimes, right? Am I right?" Then "God, please don't tell me I'm weird or something!"

Our beers forgotten for a moment, his eyes almost pleaded with mine now. Kristi was due back any moment. Where was she? I could say almost anything, and she'd be back to rescue me soon. I steadied my hand on my beer glass and returned Delaney's look. I wouldn't have admitted anything like this to my best friend from grade school, but here was this guy that I hardly new, sitting close, with such intensity that I could feel his heart beating. Delaney had felt like a warm, cuddly bathrobe from the first minute I'd met him. I'd be out of this bar soon, and out of this town, too, before long.

"Okay," my smile was easy and genuine. "Sure, I've looked at guys, but....." with a tease, "I can't always pick out the cute one."

Delaney gave a playful little tap on the shoulder. "Oh god," he gasped, "you don't know how relieved I am to hear that."

"Honest? Right?" He felt a momentary doubt.

"Yeah." I let my smile fade, to show him that I truly meant it.

"God, thank you Sam." He turned and emptied his beer in one long swallow.

"I was afraid that I was strange or something..." he explained, looking at a far wall, after swallowing some water.

"I do look at guys...not just in bars....once in awhile just out of curiosity, I think, and sometimes find one that looks....well... cute, I guess...to use a girl's words.......at least to me."

"I think that's perfectly normal," said 'Sam the philosopher'.

Delaney's face lit up like a match. "I mean, don't worry, I'm totally into girls, you know....but I find guys like a diversion, or something."

"Yeah," I smiled warmly. "Me too....honest." There was no harm saying it.......especially to a guy that I genuinely liked and wanted to share further friendship.

The bar mistress brought us both another beer then. She could have squatted to get a new glass, but instead she leaned forward and down to reach one from the freezer. Knowing exactly the sight she'd offered us, she smiled up at us in time to catch our drooling tongues and eyes buried down her opened blouse. Two magnificent, soft globes hung freely for our delight, as the dim light cast enough shadow to barely keep some modesty.

"You're so hot, Anya," beamed Delaney as she rose and offered me the glass.

She smiled even more radiantly, figuring that she'd just earned another $20 in her tip.

"Wow, huh?" Delaney cheered into my ear, dropping his hand to clutch my knee excitedly as Anya turned and served someone else.

"Man, what a rack!" I ignored Delaney's hand for the moment, "and such a sexy smile."

"God yes." He raised his beer for a good sip, and, as if a reflex, dragged his hand back a little, to loosely clutch me in mid-thigh.

Where the hell was Kristi? 

The air seemed to freshen immensely, all of a sudden, caused by the sweet scent of Kristi as she pressed between us. She delighted me further by stretching up to brush her lips across my cheek.

"Did you miss me?" she breathed coyly, seemingly unconcerned that she was pressing so firmly up against us both.

"Never," I lied, flashing her a smile that told the truth, and also reflected my relief to see her.

It was then that she noticed Delaney's hand resting on my leg, but it didn't faze her for one second. She planted a real kiss on Delaney's cheek, then swung around behind me to climb up on my other side. Feigning a need for support, her hand was on my other thigh before she even got settled into the bar stool. On my left, she turned to face us, so that both of us could enjoy the full visual effect of her laughing eyes and sexy lips. Her face was alight. I liked the way her right arm dangled off my shoulder.

"So what were you'all talking about, all this time? What did I miss? Huh?"

It would have been way too obvious for her to cast her glance to Delaney's hand at that moment. Kristi was much too sophisticated, and too thoroughly naughty to do anything as crude as that.

Delaney was much further gone than me. He immediately launched into an excited description of what Kristi's exit had done to 'that guy over there', leaving nothing to her imagination, down to the approximate dimensions of his package.
