 Oh god I was ready to burst. How did I ever let this get so far out of hand?

The flight attendant had been on my case for months. We'd flown together about 10 times on this account, with our trips spaced out several weeks apart. Both of us were married, but of course, not to each other. The luck of the draw had meant that Kristi and I had been teamed up, together with another pilot, almost every time. She was new on the account and very eager to impress everyone. The others couldn't help but be impressed.......especially by her delectable bod.

Kristi was young, asian, and over-the-top cute. A bubbly personality, tiny features, and a penchant for wearing tight clothes, made her an irresistable eye-magnet. Even for me, I couldn't resist staring at her incredibly cute, round ass when she wore those black tights to clean the aircraft. Awesome.

I had at least a decade on her, and more importantly, a terrific wife that was the best in the world. Moreover, every flight attendant that I'd ever met, of which there were many, had never, ever caught my interest. I found every one of them to be either annoying or burdensome. This little chicky, Kristi, however, had locked up my eyes when we first met, and her perky demeanor had captivated me from every second from then on. And that ass........

Contrary to popular opinion, flight attendants seldom pursue the pilots they work with. In my case, in spite of my disinterest, there had been a couple of occasions over the years where I realized a flight attendant was trying to let me know that I had "a chance". But, especially after I got married, I had never even acknowledged that I noticed, because I simply couldn't stand being around them after our work was done. With Kristi though, I didn't believe the interest she had in me was anything other than work-related. Therefore, as time went on, and we spent more time on the road together, she got closer without any obstructions from me. At night, she'd usually join the other pilot and myself at the bar, but seldom have more than one beer with us. Whenever she left us to go to her room for the night, the other pilot, no matter who it was, would always admire her disappearing ass and smile at me. They knew I was a very lucky sob to get to work with Kristi on a regular basis.

On this week's trip, the other pilot was Jason. I'd never met the young guy before, but we got along great from the start. He was pretty inexperienced on this aircraft, but a quick learner with a good attitude and open personality. Nothing seemed to escape the scrutiny of his bright baby-blue eyes. He was very clean-cut, in spite of sporting unfashionably long hair. However, with wavy blond locks, carefully cut to guarantee a wind-blown look, he was probably incredibly handsome to most women. This was reinforced by a voice-message I got by mistake on my hotel room phone, but more about that later.

Our stint together had started out a couple of days ago with three quick flights, and then nothing. We'd spent the last 4 days in the same hotel, occasionally going out to the plane to clean it and do some simple maintenance. Today, while Jason and I were doing stuff in the cabin, I had had to go up to the cockpit several times to get things. Each time, I'd had to squeeze past Kristi who was working in the galley, but she was always so considerate and helpful to stop her work to let me pass. But she was wearing those damn black leotards again. Hot damn! After passing her several times, it occurred to me that I still hadn't noticed what top she was wearing.......or even if she was wearing a top! This time when I passed behind her, she suddenly had to move to avoid a ground worker who was climbing onto the plane. Her butt smashed right into me. Lucky for me that she was so short that her butt was only high enough to hit my thighs, because I could feel an embarrasing bulge in my pants. As soon as I got to the cockpit, I tried to compose myself and think about dull, boring topics to dispel my spontaneous state of arousal. After a few minutes, I was ready to return to the cabin, but totally unprepared for what was about to happen.

Approaching the galley, my eyes immediately captured Kristi's ass pointing straight into the air. She was bent over, straight-legged, examining something in a box on the floor, pointing her perfect ass directly in my direction. Hormones overwhelmed my senses, screaming at me to run up and ram my cock right through that stretchy man-made fibre. I took a couple of steps forward, steeling myself to maintain control, just as the object of my stare began to sway and dance. As my jaw dropped in surprise, my eyes did too.......to discover Kristi's smiling eyes laughing at me from her upside-down face near the floor. I'm sure my face went beet red as I quickly brushed past her and fled into the cabin.

In the afternoon, back at the hotel, I spent some time reading and doing some work on the computer. When I got up to go for some coffee, I looked out my window to admire the beautiful view. The mountains and ocean looked awesome every time I saw them, but down below at the pool, there were some pretty interesting mountains too. I picked out Kristi almost immediately, mostly because her tiny frame was lounging on a chaise beside another one bearing a giant. The giant, of course, was Jason. His lanky young frame looked to be about 10 feet long, instead of the actual six-and-a-half or so that it really was. Kristi looked good in her fuscia bikini, even though it was out of fashion now, but my eyes picked out some other tantalizing figures too. Of course, there were the typical fat slobs, female and male, scattered around, but I also saw a couple of very hot girls in skimpy suits and a few, smoothly-muscled males: those kind of men that like to show off their well-honed bodies while making guys like me feel old and fat. Turning to go get dressed, I noticed my hotel room message light flashing. I picked up the handset and pushed the button to listen.

"You have one new message in your voicemail. New Message. Hey Jace....when are you coming up to fuck my brains out? I am so fucking ready to suck your beautiful cock.....'cause I'm already touching myself....I am soooooo wet......get the fuck up here and give me what I need. To save this message, press 7. To delete this message, press 1."

I pressed the number 1. I was so shocked that my knees gave out, dropping me into the desk chair. Damn! I wanted to hear Kristi's sex-starved voice again, but it was gone forever. I rolled the chair slowly over to the window. Looking down, the view of my two co-workers came into focus, but my shaking head could not match them to what I'd just heard. They both appeared to be asleep on their chairs, no doubt exhausted by their illicit bedroom antics while I'd been working in my room. I leaned back in my chair with my eyes closed, visualizing Kristi sitting astride a supine Jason, riding him like a wild cowgirl on her first stallion. It was only natural that my hand slid into my pants to comfort my throbbing rod while several more vivid images floated across my brain.

I luxuriated in the grasp of my fingers, rather than urging myself to seek release. I gave myself several long, slow pulls, separated by seconds of interminable anticipation, entertaining myself with an imagination that ran wild with Kristi and Jason. Rising to my feet, I opened my eyes to lock on their sundrenched figures below, stroking myself now without hesitation. With two fast, very hard pulls, I whipped my offending hand away and thrust my hardness forward, slamming into the window. I couldn't restrain a cry of pain, but that was quickly replaced by inward rejoicing. The pain had the desired effect; it obliterated my arousal and all thoughts of Kristi and Jason. I got a cold, wet cloth in the bathroom and dabbed my complaining equipment.

By the time we met for dinner that night, Kristi and Jason were already pretty happy. The combination of sun, swimming, and a couple of margaritas had Kristi, in particular, feeling no pain. It was the same for Jason, and happily, he was also more talkative than usual. Whether I imagined it or not, I was certain that Kristi was giving me more eye contact than normal: and that would be a lot. More than once, her hand briefly dropped onto mine on the table as she talked. Jason noticed a couple of times, but seemed to be completely disinterested in the fact. I watched Kristi's eyes when Jason left for the restroom. She looked him over like a piece of rare steak. She caught my eye then, but rather than turning pink, she merely giggled.

"He's kinda cute," she apologized softly, giggling even more. "I don't think I want to know." I tried to sound neutral, not wanting to come across like a disapproving parent, but also trying to let her know that I had no interest in her affairs. "Oh really?" Kristi's almond eyes were wide, with arched eyebrows to accentuate her disbelief. The lips parted slightly to blind me with pearly even teeth as a mischievous smile expanded her small mouth. She knew I was lying. I couldn't help but smile helplessly back at her.

We had no flight scheduled for the next day, so after dinner we followed our ears to the music that was playing in the hotel. I bought drinks for all of us, only to discover that Kristi had dragged Jason onto the small dance floor. I found a spot in a corner and downed most of my beer before they found me. Kristi was a little out of breath, but she took a very unladylike gulp from her drink.

"C'mon," she urged, grabbing my hand. With surprising force, this little girl pulled me through the crowd.

We had to dance close, since there was very little room to move, and it was very difficult to keep my eyes away from her bucking hips. Her smile never wavered as she locked up my eyes while she danced, occasionally bumping right into me without apology. I'd never danced with her before and quickly found myself mesmerized by her seductive behaviour. She grabbed my hips and pulled me tightly against her as a slow piece started. Grinding away unashamedly, she practically dry-humped me on the dance floor. Her smile never let me go.

To say that I didn't enjoy this would be to deny my existence. Alcohol was now beginning to affect me too, but I was all too happy to take whatever she was offering. It occurred to me that she was simply teasing me, and that possibility made me relax the most. The alternative was both exciting and unnerving. Feeling me push back at her, Kristi slid her hands up from my hips to my arms and then to the sides of my head. With our groins glued to each other, she pulled my face a little closer to hers while our eyes eliminated the existence of all other dancers. Kristi's smile was clenched now, and her eyes softened while blazing with heat. I would have had to have been dead to resist kissing her.

She smiled and turned her face at the last possible second. My lips had barely touched hers at the instant she backed off, placing a tender index finger on my lips and beaming at me. She turned her whole body then, in time to the music, until her back, and ass, was pressed tightly into me. Her smile kept me from feeling embarassed about the kiss I'd just blown, as well as encouraging me to keep my obvious hardon tight against her ass.

The set abruptly ended. As the dancers around us started clapping, Kristi flung her arms up over my shoulders to pull me down for a long, deep kiss. Her lips were so soft, her tongue so deft yet timid, that I gave myself totally to her. She led and I followed, and I loved it.

"M'mmmmm.....that was nice," Kristi breathed up to me, releasing me only a little.

I decided one kiss was way more than I should have allowed, but GOD it was so good.

"Yeah," I smiled, unable to hide my own pleasure. "I kinda liked that." "I can tell," she laughed, playfully groping my pants.

Instinctively, to protect my enlarged and vulnerable parts, I backed away, making her laugh even more. She grabbed my hand and led me back to a table that Jason had found. She continued to hold my hand as we downed some water before attacking the margaritas that Jason had put in front of us. That wasn't enough; Kristi ordered double shots for all. People around us started to notice that we were having a pretty good time. A very hot girl came over to ask Jason to dance with her, and he couldn't get off his seat fast enough.

I hadn't tried to hide my interest in that girl's braless condition, and as she walked away with Jason, I could feel Kristi watching me stare at the disappearing beauty.

"Hey," she cried, feigning disappointment. "You're supposed to here with me." Kristi pouted. Her hand was still clutching mine. She squeezed mine hard. "Kiss me, and I'll think about forgiving you."

She didn't wait for an answer. I barely had to move. Her breath was hot on me, as the scent of her citrus perfume approached my nostrils together with those incredibly soft lips. Her mouth assaulted mine this time, taking no prisoners. There was no way to mistake her desire for a simple game of teasing.

Jason returned alone, just as our embrace was ending.

"We're going up to my room for just one drink, Jason," Kristi announced to my complete surprise. She shot me a sly smile with a wrinkle to tell me to go along with her. "You gotta come with us, to keep us from doing something we shouldn't," she laughed.

Jason had already seen us kissing, but, as if to remove all doubt, Kristi turned right in front of him and lip-locked me again with another long, wet kiss.

"Yeah....well, um." Jason wasn't sure what I wanted him to do about this new development. "What about that incredible babe you were dancing with?" I asked. "Oh she blew me off."

"I know what I'd like to blow," Kristi giggled softly.

"C'mon," I ordered, grabbing both of them. "We gotta get outta here."

Somehow, we all did end up in Kristi's room. At first, we were just going to have a drink, but Kristi mentioned a few of the excellent movies she had, so Jason and I decided we'd stay to watch a movie with her. She got it going while Jason and I moved the furniture. There was room on the couch for all of us, but Jason plopped into the easy chair beside it. With drink in hand, Kristi snuggled right up against me, her head right under my chin. I'd already seen the movie and knew it was a good action adventure with some very sexy scenes. However, it wasn't long before I noticed that Jason was slumped in his chair with his eyes closed.

Kristi didn't waste the opportunity of being close to me. Watching the movie, she half-turned to me, placing her hand on my chest. The other hand had been resting on my thigh since the opening credits. When the first romantic scene arrived with the handsome hero kissing a beautiful girl beside the ocean, Kristi's fingers began caressing my crotch. She moaned very quietly as she watched and then lifted her face up to mine. Unable to reach my lips, she offered her tongue and we air-kissed. Feeling her fingers get more aggressive, I lowered my face until I could capture her tongue in my mouth.

The sound of gunshots in the movie interrupted our concentration, breaking off the kiss. Kristi and I turned our attention back to the TV, but her hand never left my crotch. After several moments of non-stop action in the movie, Kristi turned to whisper something to me.

"Did you see Jason?" "Yeah, I know. He's sleeping." "No. No he's not. Have another look."

Discreetly, I glanced over long enough to confirm my belief that his eyes were closed. What was Kristi talking about? Oh. Ohhhhhh. Oh my god!

There was a bulge in Jason's pants that looked like the Eiffel tower was under his zipper. It was difficult not to stare.

"Careful," Kristi hissed. "His eyes are closed, but I think he's still awake. And you saw what I saw, I'm sure. That makes me think he's not sleeping yet."

"God!"

"Yeah," giggled Kristi quietly. "Isn't that awesome?"

So that's what she'd been fucking all afternoon.

"What?" Kristi had heard me thinking out loud.

"What?" she repeated. "I never fucked him. What are you talking about?"

I couldn't face down her demand for an answer. Whispering forcefully, I told her about the message on my phone that had obviously been intended for Jason. A huge smile came over Kristi's face.

"That was to make you jealous."

"What?"

A little embarassed now, Kristi explained that her attempts to hit on me had always been taken as innocent play by me, so she finally resorted to trying to make me feel jealous. At first I didn't believe her, but she quickly convinced me by explaining how Jason had fallen in lust with a front-desk girl at the hotel and had banged her at every opportunity since we'd arrived. She laughed as she told how frustrated Jason was at my demand to work at the aircraft a couple of days earlier, because that was the last day that Jason could screw the girl before she went out-of-town for the week. Kristi said Jason's balls must be bursting with no action in the past few days.

"And what about mine?" I joked.

"I want to find out for myself," Kristi breathed naughtily in my ear, as I felt her unzip my pants. Her fingers were soft and warm as they slid inside to explore.

Kristi's timing was perfect. A few moments later, a scene that I loved came up in the movie. As we watched, with Kristi softly stroking everything she found inside my pants, two women in the movie embraced and fell into a long kiss. The camera softened them with a hazy dark image, as the kiss merged into something more.

"You love that don't you?" Kristi purred, turning to watch my eyes. "Oh yeah......" I couldn't take my eyes off the scene.

My peripheral vision saw Kristi turn slightly, and then snuggle up closer to me. "Jason's eyes are open slightly........he can't resist watching this either," she whispered, all-knowingly.

Kristi turned back to the scene, watching it with great interest. "God! They are so sexy!" she muttered to no one in particular. Her attention didn't waver from the set, as the camera panned back to show the girls, now completely nude, enjoying each other's bodies without reservation.

It was all I could do to keep from exploding in her hand. She sensed that expertly, and squeezed me painfully for several seconds. Looking at me now, she watched my face contort with pain, and nodded approvingly.

The movie had quickly switched to another scene, so it was a good time to get another drink and get more comfortable. Kristi got up and poured both of us some whiskey. I never knew she'd drink something like that. Jason stirred, pretending to just be waking up. He got up and went to Kristi's bathroom to relieve himself. I did the same when he returned.

"Maybe I should go?" "No Jason, I want you to stay." Kristi said rather firmly.

Jason looked questioningly at me. I shrugged my shoulders, but smiled to let him know that I was okay with whatever he did. He sat down in the chair again, but with a bit of a sheepish grin on his face. Kristi refilled his drink and then left us alone while she went to the bathroom. She was gone a long time, and both Jason and I were engrossed in the movie again by the time she returned.

The Kristi that returned was far different from the one we'd been sitting with a few minutes earlier. Jason and I dropped our jaws, going all bug-eyed as Kristi passed in front of us to block the TV.

"You guys don't mind if I wear something more comfortable, do you?" she asked rhetorically.

We were wordless as we stared at the pyjamas Kristi was barely wearing. It could have been a pair of boy's flannelette pyjamas that hung off her small body. A fun pattern of fruit played all over the lime-coloured material, but for us, it was the missing buttons that gave us the most joy. The top was unbuttoned all the way down to her belly button. The bottom had an unbuttoned fly that fluttered open all the way up to the waistband as she modeled in front of us. The pants were almost falling off her small hips. She had freed her long hair from the perennial bun, brushing it out into a long black mane that cascaded down her back. Her eyes flashed as she sought our approval.
