 I really shouldn't be watching. I'm stuck in my tracks. I've just come out of my bedroom and across the hall, the door to Becky and Todd's is open enough for me to see her standing there at the foot of the bed in her underwear. I'm suddenly conscious of the material of my swimming trunks and their complete inability to hide an erection. Frozen in place, I watch Becky tie her auburn hair into a pony tail. Her back to me, she reaches behind her and unsnaps her bra. My heart is pounding and I know it's time to be moving on down the hallway and out of the cabin. The others are waiting on the boat and the dock for Becky and me, the two stragglers who hadn't managed to change into swimming clothes already this morning. Before I get a chance to walk away, Becky senses me standing there and turns around. I can't stop my eyes from dropping to her swaying breasts.

I snap out of it. "Sorry! Sorry!" I move down the hall, but not before I catch the smile on her face.

"See you out there," she calls after me.

* * *

Three Weeks Earlier

"How can you just throw this away?" I wailed into my phone. It was hot out. Much too hot. My sweat was mixing with my tears on my face.

"It just can't work," she said.

"But we love each other!" My voice actually cracked on "love" like a pubescent boy's. Which was appropriate, since the last time I had been this emotionally out of control, I was probably fourteen. Now, at twenty-five, I couldn't believe the love of my life had suddenly decided she wanted to break up.

"It's not that simple," she said calmly. Much too fucking calmly. I was on fire, and she might as well have been ordering a pizza.

"Yes it is!" I cried. No way anyone else in the grocery store parking lot didn't hear that one. "It's the only thing that matters."

There was a pause. I tried to picture where Laura might be right now, reluctantly taking my phone call. The third such phone call since she had gently dumped me three days before. I wasn't giving up without a fight. It would still be a few more days before it dawned on me exactly how pathetic my "fight" really was.

"I don't love you, William," she said. "I'm sorry. I thought I did. But I don't. You need to move on."

I stood in silence as the steel bands around my guts tightened and my vision briefly doubled. This girl was five years my junior and she was telling me that I needed to move on?

"How can you even fucking say that?" I wasn't speaking anymore. It was just a hitching, blubbering, sloppy sob.

"Goodbye, William." There was a muffled sounds and then a click and then she was gone.

"FUCK!" I screamed, heedless of the fact that I was in public. I threw my phone as hard as I could into the pavement, sending shards of plastic and circuit board skittering against my car and two or three others. A pain so tremendous it made my lungs burn and my head feel like it was going to twist off clouded my vision and blurred the world around me. I didn't see the shoppers staring at me, or the mother covering the ears of her young child as I climbed into my car and drove away in a fury. No destination. No plan. Just driving. I found myself at the ocean. Of course. Laura loved the beach. I parked my car and cried.

* * *

"Dude, I've been trying to call you since yesterday," Jack said. "What the hell?" He wasn't actually upset. His voice carried its usual playful tone.

"Broke my phone," I sniffed. "Just got a new one."

"Well you missed a righteous party at my place," Jack said. "You should have seen these girls, dude. It was fucking awesome."

I didn't want to talk about any girls besides Laura, but I'm sure Jack already knew that. He was trying to distract me. Which means Laura was right and I really did need to just move on. Jack just wanted to help get me moving in the right direction.

"Look man," he said. "I know it sucks. I'm not trying to make you just get over it, but there's no reason you shouldn't be able to have some fun. Let's go out and get hammered tonight. My treat."

I looked down at the clothes I had been wearing for almost three days.

"Just give me a little while to shower," I said. "I smell like your Mom."

"Oooohooo, good one, smart-ass. I'll be over in twenty."

* * *

"Look man," Jack grabbed my shoulder, as much to steady himself as to get my attention. "You gotta come to the lake with us. Get out on the boat, get some sunshine, drink all fucking day, blow off some steam."

It did sound like a hell of a time. But it was only a couple weeks away and I would need to do some serious ass-kissing to get my vacation time scheduled that soon. Jack and I had indeed spent the evening marching from bar to bar, laughing our asses off, flirting with bartenders and waitresses, doing shots, feeding dollar bills into juke boxes, and guaranteeing that the next day at work was going to be awful for both of us.

"Okay, man," I said. "I'll see if they'll give me the time."

"No, you fucking tell those pricks," Jack laughed. "'My name's William, and I'm taking a week off, fuckers!'"

"All right, all right," I threw a sloppy punch at his shoulder. "I'm in, I'm in!" A change of scenery might just be what I needed to forget about a girl I didn't want to forget about.

"Nice, dude!" Jack slapped me on the back. "It's going to be awesome. I told Sophie to invite as many of her hot friends as possible. We'll see how it goes. At the very least, there will be two girls in bikinis to stare at. You remember Sophie's friend Becky? Redhead? Killer rack?"

I did remember. It had been a while since I had even thought about her, but I'd met Becky at Jack and Sophie's apartment well before Hurricane Laura had entered my life. "She's going?" I asked. The prospect certainly did not take away from the allure of the trip.

"Yeah," Jack said. "And hopefully some others, but we'll see."

* * *

The morning we were set to leave, I arrived at Jack and Sophie's apartment at five to help them get the car loaded and to ride up in their SUV. I was looking forward to Becky's arrival. The idea of spending a week in a cabin on a lake with her had helped a lot in the last couple of weeks in my constant battle to forget about Laura. I had already daydreamed a dozen scenarios where Becky and I would end up in some intimate situation or another.

So it was hard not to feel a pretty serious pang of disappointment when she arrived at the apartment with her boyfriend. I did my best to remain cheerful when Becky gave me a hug and introduced me to Todd, her athletic blond boyfriend. He shook my hand and greeted me warmly before turning to Jack and embracing the taller man like a long lost friend.

Jack and Todd pounded each other on the back while Becky hugged and kissed Sophie. I stood back while the two couples greeted each other and thought about how awesome it was going to be spending a week playing fifth wheel.

"Have you heard from Felicia yet?" Becky looked at Sophie.

"Yeah," Sophie said. "She can't come up until Tuesday, but she's going to stay for the rest of the week!"

While Becky and Sophie celebrated, Jack slapped my shoulder and wagged his eyebrows at me. He moved in closer and whispered, "I told you it would be a good trip."

I had no idea who Felicia was, but the news quickly reversed the dour mood that had been threatening to settle on me. At least now I knew it would only be a couple of days as fifth wheel.

The drive up was long. I rode in the back seat of Jack's SUV, Becky and Todd followed in her car. After a stop for some breakfast at the half-way mark, Todd and Sophie switched seats, so the girls could chat the rest of the way. Once we were back on the road, Todd pulled a huge bag of weed out of his backpack.

"Behold!" he said, showing off his wares. "This should be enough for the first couple of days, right?"

"Roll us one up," Jack said. "I've got hours worth of comedy albums to take us through the rest of the trip."

Yeah, this I could get into. We puffed, passed, and laughed our asses off for the rest of the drive. For the first time in almost three weeks, I didn't think about Laura once.

* * *

"This place is perfect," I said as I took in the cabin, the large yard, and the lake beyond. The log cabin wasn't huge or opulent. The boat house was old and a little run-down. The dock could probably have used a little maintenance. But this place was just awesome. A cool breeze came in off the lake, keeping the bugs to a minimum, and pushing away the heat we had left behind at home.

The cabin wasn't a rich man's lake getaway, but it was surprisingly big. There were four bedrooms, a living room, a kitchen, and two bathrooms. The walls were decorated with various family keepsakes from Jack's grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins and siblings. One of the first pictures I saw was one of Jack at what must have been eight years old with some kids who could only have been closely related.

Jack and Sophie took the master bedroom, and Becky and Todd claimed the next one down. That left me with the choice of either of the rooms across the hall, so I grabbed the one that looked like it had the more comfortable bed, and dropped my bag of clothes there.

"Alright," Jack called out. "Let's put the food away and go get the fucking boat in the water!"

"Aren't you forgetting something?" I said.

"What?"

I reached into my cooler and pulled out five icey-cold beers and passed them around.

"Yes!" Todd said, accepting the beer and popping the top.

"Thanks, Will," Sophie said, and Becky smiled.

"To a week away from real life!" Jack called, holding his beer up in the middle of our group.

I held mine up to his and the others joined us with a unison "Cheers!" and we finished getting the food into the fridge and cabinets.

That first day flew by in a blur of beers, sunshine, swimming and laughter. We cruised around the lake, Jack showing us where he and his brothers had camped out without their parents for the first time, the place where he caught his biggest ever fish, the island with the huge fire pit where he assured us there would be plenty of people hanging out and partying during the week.

I jumped off the boat into the dark, cool abyss, kicking my feet in the black and surprised at how long it took to swim back up to the surface. I took in the sights of the lake and surrounding mountains, breathed in the fresh air and let myself sink into a state of calm content. 

I also spent plenty of time watching Sophie and Becky moving around in their bathing suits. Jack had not been exaggerating about Becky's "killer rack." She wore a bikini top that barely contained the round creamy-white bosoms. Her chest and shoulders were freckled, and her dark red hair was pulled back in a haphazard ponytail. Sophie looked amazing too. Her blond hair was short, framing her gorgeous face and sparkling blue eyes. She had an athletic, but not skinny body, a wonderfully round, toned ass and boobs that, while not as big as her friend's, were still generously curved, filling out her top wonderfully.

After a couple of hours in the sun, we docked the boat and spent the rest of the afternoon throwing the frisbee at each other as hard as we could and drinking beers faster than may have been strictly necessary. By the time we made a simple dinner, I was happily drunk. The cabin was equipped with an old, but functional stereo, and after dinner we found ourselves planted around a fire in the yard, singing along to classic rock songs and passing around a bottle of tequila.

I don't know what time I went to bed, but I woke up in the night and wobbled down the hall to the bathroom to take a piss. It was after I had finished, but before I flushed that I heard it. The moaning. And the rhythmic bumping of furniture that could only mean that one of the couples were thoroughly enjoying themselves. I chuckled to myself and flushed the toilet and washed my hands.

When I walked back into the hallway, I could see the light on under the slightly cracked door of Jack and Sophie's room. Directly across from the bathroom was the door of Todd and Becky's. The light was on in their room too. I stood in the hallway and listened.

"Oh yeah, give it to me harder!"

Was that Sophie's voice? Coming from the room shared by Todd and Becky? Couldn't be. It was late and I was still more than a little drunk.

So both couples were having sex. Big deal. I returned to my room and looked at the empty bed, and I couldn't help feeling a little left out. The only single one here, the only one alone in a full sized bed. I started to stew in grumpiness before I could fall asleep. A month ago I would have had Laura here with me. I'd be contributing to the noises of pleasure that were permeating the cabin. I looked at my phone for the first time since we arrived. No messages. Figures.

* * *

In my dream I'm searching through the cabin. Laura has to be here. I can feel it. The hallways lengthen in front of me, staircases appear where none were before. I can barely keep myself moving forward, and I can feel myself sinking into the floor. 

I hear her laughter ahead, and I pull myself hand over hand up a hallway that seems to be turning vertical. She is waiting for me, I have to find her. Finally the room is in front of me and I'm standing upright again on a solid floor and the door swings open on its own and I'm impelled forward. I don't recognize the guy Laura's with. It certainly isn't me.

* * *

"He lives!" Jack bellowed as I made my slow way, one-eyed, out to the kitchen. It was the smell of bacon that convinced me that getting out of bed would be worth the pain. My sour dreams were forgotten, and it wouldn't be until later in the day that I would remember my midnight trip to the toilet and the sounds coming from the bedrooms.

"Maybe a day off from tequila for me today," I croaked.

"Sit down, man," Jack said. "Breakfast is almost up."

"Here, Will," Sophie said, handing me a steaming cup of coffee.

"Thanks," I said, and managed a smile. "Don't suppose there's a fist full of Advil to go with that?"

"I thought you said Will was a trooper, Jack," Becky teased.

I sipped my coffee and swallowed a few tablets of pain reliever and looked down toward the lake, where the sun was already beginning its daily warming of the water we would most likely spend the day in.

"Just let this coffee sink in and give me a little bathroom time and I'll be back in the saddle," I joked.

I was no stranger to Jack's breakfast skills, and my hangover didn't prevent me from cramming down a huge pile of scrambled eggs with bacon and toast. I was still a little slow to get moving around, but an hour later, I felt good enough to agree to another boat cruise out on the lake. I spent a few minutes in the bathroom getting myself cleaned up while the others changed into their swimming gear and loaded up a cooler. I passed Becky in the hallway on my way to change into my shorts.

It was when I was done that I saw her there, diagonally across the hall, taking off her bra, having obviously forgotten to shut the door behind her. Frozen where I was standing, I was completely busted when she turned around, bringing her breasts into view. Holy shit, they were incredible. I could feel the flush creeping over my face.

Becky just smiled at me while I stammered my apology and hurried down the hall and outside, trying to adjust my cock in my shorts so the tent wouldn't be obvious when I got down to the dock with the others.

"She did it, didn't she?" Todd laughed. "Dude your face is so red."

"What do you... I mean..." I stammered.

Sophie and Jack just laughed. I stood on the dock and felt the heat in my face actually expanding.

"Becky bet us that you wouldn't actually blush if she showed you her tits," Sophie said, she was sitting in the boat in her bikini, her laughter making her task of putting on sunblock nearly impossible. "Looks like we win."

Jack and Sophie exchanged a high five and Todd just shook his head and smiled.

"Looks like you guys are going to have to pay up," Jack said. "And such a nice clear day out here on the lake." Jack's smile was ear to ear as he taunted his friend.

I was puzzled, but didn't ask what their bet might entail. I felt the warmth in my face and ears briefly spike when Becky joined us, now wearing a long t-shirt over her bathing suit. She gave me a wink before she climbed on board and sat in Todd's lap.

It was nearly noon by the time we shoved off. I had slept away half of the morning, and spent the rest shaking off my hangover. Now the sun was high and hot, and the cold beers in the cooler started to slowly disappear as we cruised around the lake, going nowhere in particular. Sophie had a battery-powered iPod dock that she was brave enough to bring with us, and when Jack cut the motor in the middle of the lake, we had tunes to liven the mood further.

Gradually, all five of us took a turn diving into the deep of the lake to cool off. The girls giggled when they would hang off the back of the boat to pee. As for the guys, the contest seemed to be who could manage to pee off of the bow without being pushed into the lake by one of the other guys. There were very few successful attempts.

"Oh you fucker!" Todd managed to yell before he tumbled into the water. The rest of us were howling with laughter. When Todd broke the surface he screamed again. "You dick! I pissed on myself!"

"That's what you get for whipping it out on the lake, dude," Jack taunted.

"Yeah, and I lost my fucking shorts!" Todd was swimming back to the boat now, and there was no missing the white of his bare ass in the sun.

"Holy shit, that's fucking great!" Sophie squealed. "Looks like Todd's paid up on the bet then. I guess it's your turn, Becky!"

"Yeah, what's with this bet?" I asked. "And why did you guys I wouldn't blush if I was caught staring at boobs?"

Todd held onto the ladder off the back of the boat, but didn't climb up. "Come on, babe," he called. "A bet's a bet."

"The bet was that whoever was wrong would have to jump into the lake naked, right out here in the sunshine," Jack said. "And I knew there was no way you weren't going to turn as red as that Solo cup, my friend. It might as well have been fixed."

"Come on, Becky," Sophie slapped her friend lightly on the bare thigh. "Get naked and get in the lake. Not like Will hasn't already seen those puppies."

I sat in my seat and watched in awe as Becky stood up and reached behind her neck to untie her top. "I'll get you guys for this," she said with a smile. "It is so on, now."

Becky pulled the cups of her bikini down and her huge tits spilled out into the sunlight. Now instead of apologizing and averting my gaze, I stared openly. Hell all of us did, even Sophie.

"God, babe, you are so fucking hot," Todd said. Becky was stunning. Wearing nothing but tiny bikini bottoms and standing just feet away on the deck of the boat she was the only thing I could see. Her dark red hair fell down to her shoulders in tantalizing waves. The freckles on her face and shoulders stood out even more than they had yesterday, thanks to her time in the sun. Her smiling face showed no trace of embarrassment at showing off her body to the rest of us. She must have been nearly five-ten, long-limbed, lightly tanned except for her tits, which would almost certainly need an application of sunblock now that they were bare. I found myself imagining getting one of those breasts in my mouth, and suddenly the material of my shorts began to rise as my cock hardened. Becky turned away from me and hooked her thumbs under the waist of her bathing suit bottoms.

"These too?" she asked Sophie.

"Of course, those too!" Sophie giggled. "Get naked!"

Becky looked back at me and winked before she slowly pulled the material of her swim suit down over the round white globes of her ass. I watched in frozen awe as the suit fell away, not just baring her ass, but revealing in sublime slow-motion, the little rose-bud of her asshole and the perfect pink of her pussy.
