 A lot happened after the plane landed, which was fitting, since so much happened on the plane. 

First, there was an increasing sense of awkwardness, resulting in silence and even fear. Most of this surrounded my close friend Alana, who marched into the airport and toward the baggage pick-up without as much as a word to me. She didn't appear mad, but was definitely not in a conversational mood. She needed space, and was practically running to get it.

I, on the other hand, wanted to be closer. Not physically, though that would have been nice, but closer on a deeper level, so we could talk things out. Of course I was thinking this, but given the opportunity to start up a conversation about Alana giving me a blowjob in front of a total stranger on a jetliner was not exactly the easiest thing to find words for. If I had caught up with her, I never would have known what to say.

Her actions, and her sudden willingness of such actions, were obviously just as shocking to her as they were to me. But while I took them with pleasure over what happened—pleasure over what I had, for weeks, been fantasizing about—she took them as dangerous and possibly disgusting. Definitely disturbing. I was afraid for our relationship. Alana seemed to still be stuck on what she had actually, physically, done. And as much as I enjoyed feeling her licking my cock and swallowing my cum, I couldn't really blame her.

Together we stood at the baggage claim, going to great lengths it seemed to not make eye contact.

The airport was surprisingly busy for it being only 4AM, but this was, after all, Las Vegas. I looked for Melanie, our friend we had met on the plane. She was nowhere. I remembered that her carry-on bags were almost large enough to exceed the limit. She had probably checked nothing.

I grabbed my bag from the belt and finally looked at Alana. She looked back at me and smiled. It was warm and genuine, telling me that nothing was wrong, but I guessed that only stood true for as long as I stayed cool and backed off. So I did.

If she wanted normalcy, I could abide. I was too on edge to go dropping over it, if that makes any sense.

Alana found her bag and we moved, casually, toward the exit. Just as we stepped outside, a black stretch limo pulled up to the curb to greet us. Hollywood couldn't have timed it any better, I thought.

Alana had won this trip for two to Las Vegas, and limo rides to and from the airport were part of the package. While initially I found it strange that the very attractive, 26-year old Alana chose to bring her 20 year-old housemate with her on a vacation designed more for a couple, I had since found out she planned to use these few days of bliss to do some serious guy-hunting after a recent lesbian experience left her wondering about her preferred sexuality. I, of course, was to pose the least distraction as she did her thing.

And then the 'incident' on board happened, and nothing would likely ever be the same again...especially Alana's Vegas plans.

But as obvious as this change was, Alana resisted nonetheless, and as the limo driver reached for our bags, I noticed Alana was going nowhere near the car. I looked at her questioningly.

"It's not that I don't want to spend time with you, Gavin," she said. "But you know why I came here, and I know you need to do your thing."

Denial. Complete, uninterrupted denial. How could she pretend nothing had happened? Did she honestly expect me to forget?

"You're too young to drink or gamble," she continued, acting as though this was just another morning. "And it's going to be hard to score with me hanging around."

I wasn't so sure about that, but I understood her meaning.

"Take the limo, and I'll meet you later on. You can check my bags at the hotel. The room won't be ready, but they can hold our stuff until it is."

"Where are you going?" I asked, secretly fearing that she might just run away to avoid facing me, never to return.

She hailed a cab and smiled, that beautiful, sensuous smile I had noticed only too late.

"Like I said," she answered. "You know why I'm here. Let's just go have our fun, Gavin." 

I protested, and I could have continued to argue about splitting up, especially at a time like this, when so much had so radically changed. But Alana was not to be outdone. When the moment ended, I was alone in the back of a stretch limo, and she was alone in the back seat of a cab.

My driver, thinking he had witnessed my wife or girlfriend dumping me at the airport, tried to cheer me up by suggesting several strip clubs and even the names of quality, yet affordable escorts he knew of. I declined all suggestions, opting instead to just have him drop me off at the Luxor with our bags, and leave me to wallow in my depression and loneliness.

Alana and I were not a couple, but we'd together ever since we were children. My parents were close friends with her mom, and when her mom died of cancer, my parents became her legal guardians. Alana lived with us for years. She was practically a sibling. And then, when my parents died in a car crash when I was in my teens, they left me under Alana's care until I was 18. We'd lived together like close friends and roommates ever since. Romance had never once seeped into our relationship. The mere idea was unspeakable. But now we'd crossed that line and become something else altogether. I was ready to work with it one way or another, but Alana apparently found the idea so repulsive that she didn't even want to be in the same vicinity as me. I felt like I was losing a best friend, a family member, and a possible lover all at once. It was weird, sure, but it was also quite demoralizing. 

For hours I wandered various casinos, never gambling a dime, but I felt broke anyway. My mature looks got me a few drinks at a couple small bars, but I had yet to feel a buzz. I ate a club sandwich, but it might as well have been made of cardboard, as even my taste buds were in no mood to enjoy it. Before I knew it, the sun had just begun to rise, which is an easy thing to miss in a Las Vegas casino. Bored, I decided to check on the status of our room, even though it was well before check out time. I wasn't having fun. Maybe a good, long nap would break me out of this funk.

Fortunately, the Luxor did have a good, early room available when I approached the front desk. The eleventh floor wasn't the highest in the pyramid-shaped casino, but it wasn't a let down, either. I took it, making sure, for Alana's sake, that it had two queen beds, and started for the elevator.

Our bags were waiting, as expected, and before I even bothered to unpack, I stripped down to nothing and stepped into the large shower. I must have stood there, naked, feeling the hot spray soothe my skin and my nerves, for ten minutes before I did any actual washing.

As I rubbed handfuls of shampoo through my hair, my imagination flashed me images from that life-changing flight. Images of Alana sitting beside me, looking as beautiful as ever. Alana is a goddess, no doubt, with blonde hair as bright as the sun, skin as prefect as silk, and breasts bigger than most vegetables and more appetizing than any fruit. Her legs stretched on forever, and her body was composed of a perfect mix of athletic muscle and sensual curves. Her smile produced goose bumps on anyone who seen it, and her cute facial features were enough to stop anyone, male or female, in their tracks. She was about average height, but there was more beauty wrapped up in that five-foot, ten-inch package than in a whole Playboy pin-up calendar.

It's amazing all of the things you can overlook just because society tells you you're supposed to.

Before I realized what was happening, my soapy hand had dropped to my growing erection. Not wanting to give up on my fantasy just yet, I began stroking myself with the lather, making sure not to neglect my dangling testicles. Despite the flood that I had unleashed into Alana's mouth just hours ago on the plane, my balls felt extremely full and heavy. I would have given anything at that moment to have Alana there, giving me a hand again, or her mouth...or even just watching me as I jerked off to her closeness...

I was getting close...

...And then I remembered Alana's behavior in the airport.

I scolded myself for letting reality destroy my dream, even though it was a reality I would have to accept and eventually face. Alana did suck and lick and jerk me off. And she did say she liked it. But it was not likely that she would ever do it again. It was also not likely that she would ever allow herself to remember this event as anything but a terrible, tragic mistake.

I turned off the water, finding myself completely limp.

I took my time drying off, brushing my teeth, and giving myself a quick shave. I was deciding between ordering room service or getting dressed first when my cell phone rang. The message screen said 'Alana'.

"Hello?"

"Hey!" she said, sounding as happy and as carefree as possible. And a pinch intoxicated, to boot. "I called about our room and they said you already checked in."

"Yeah," I replied, not into the conversation as much as I was into whatever I might pick up in the background. Unfortunately, the connection was weak and laced with static. I could not, therefore, pinpoint her location. Not that I would have done anything if I could. "I left your key at the front desk."

"Right. You're not all by yourself in the room are you?" she asked, sounding concerned, but not exactly sad.

I could have told the truth, but I felt that doing so would just show her how far I was from being over our predicament. I knew she wasn't either—it was probably why she sounded so calm, she was overplaying her ease—but I also knew her concern was about what had happened. My concern was about it not happening again, and she might figure that out if she knew I was alone, depressed, and not on the hunt for women like I otherwise would have been.

"No, no, I'm not there. I only checked in, had our bags brought up."

"Oh," she said. Then she paused, and I heard voices, too muffled to tell if they were close or distant, male or female, or even two or one. Then, "So where are you?"

I made up something about being in the Stratosphere, figuring that, wherever she was, that was probably way too far off the Strip for her to also be there by coincidence. I lied about wanting to be first on the rides at the top of the tower, which I guess she bought, because she dropped the subject immediately.

"Okay, well I just wanted to check up on you, make sure you're having a good time. Have you been chasing any skirts yet this morning?"

I didn't want to lie to her again, but what came out instead wouldn't have been my first choice if I had given it any thought, either.

"I would, but I think they're all after you."

She giggled, which stirred my hanging dick just briefly.

"Well if I see any of them, I'll send them to the roller coaster for a different kind of ride." She laughed. I faked one of my own, but at least my smile was real. Hearing her joke about sex seemed to be a step toward something better than wherever we had been since the plane landed.

We said our goodbyes, then hung up. She never said what she was up to, but I had a hunch about that, anyway. If she was really going after guys, this new, more bold Alana, accompanied by her exquisite beauty, would have no problem picking one up.

I turned off the light and walked into the bedroom, naked, and turned to the extra mirror and sink that covered the opposite side of the bathroom wall. Our bags were still there, unpacked, and I wanted to get my cell charger out of my bag while it was on my mind. I couldn't find the zipper in the dark, so I looked for a light switch--

A sudden beep and a sharp click froze me instantly. Before I could register what was happening, the door was already opening. And I heard Alana's giggle as she entered the room.

There was no way out of this, so I briefly considered just standing there and letting her find me. Maybe covering myself so as not to expose her to more awkwardness, even though I would have loved to feel her eyes on my naked skin. But then I heard something else, another laugh, and this one was several notches deeper. This one was a man's.

And then, over that man's laugh, came another man's laugh.

I dropped to the floor and rolled under the double sinks, then curled up behind our suitcases. It was by no means a hiding spot, but as long as the lights were out, I wouldn't be very easy to spot. Only the peeking sun gave me concern, as it shone in from the angled window that made up one entire wall of the room. I peeked through a space between the bottom of the sink and the top of Alana's suitcase as I tried to come up with an explanation for when they found me.

But they didn't turn on the lights, and they didn't seem at all interested in the sinks, the luggage, or even the bathroom where the wet towels, scattered clothes, and remnants of steam in the shower might given them caution about where, exactly, I really was.

I saw the three of them grappling with each other hastily as they moved past the first queen bed and toward the further one. I have seen and heard Alana enough in her various stages of sobriety and drunkenness to know she was probably only just above a good buzz. 

The two men with her, however, were struggling to form complete sentences and stay on their feet. One guy was walking backward—a controlled fall, really—as he pawed at Alana's breasts and tried to suck her tongue down his throat. The other guy had his hands at Alana's crotch, fumbling with the button on her pants, as he ground his own crotch into her ass. 

Alana looked younger than her 26 years, which made the two men, who were probably only 30 or so, look much older. Both were thin, but well built. The one leading the trio to the bed was well over six feet, maybe as much as six and half, and the one taking up the rear was considerably shorter—almost eye level with Alana.

The group hit the bed, with the tall guy falling on his back, Alana falling into his arms, and Shorty somehow keeping his balance and staying on his feet. He held fast to Alana's chest, making sure his hands never lost contact with her tits. They were no longer laughing, but moaning, and Alana was the loudest.

As he ground against her, Shorty reached under Alana's shirt, pushed it to her neck, and unclasped her bra. The tall guy pulled it off of her and tossed it at the window. He pushed Alana up, giving her a chance to take off her shirt and free her bouncing tits, which she did promptly before falling back onto him and devouring his face with her mouth. The tall guy reached between his chest and hers, cupping her large breasts and squeezing them in his fingers. Shorty stroked her naked back, then ran his fingers through her long, blonde locks.

Shorty then became the first of the men (besides me, of course) to take off his clothes. He started by whipping off his shirt, then stopped dry-humping Alana just long enough to unfasten his pants and let them slip to the floor. A thick erection of about six and a half inches sprung from the opening in his boxer shorts, and he pressed it hard against Alana, rubbing it across the top of her still-covered ass as he groaned.

Obviously not satisfied with this indirect contact, Shorty slid his hands around Alana's waist. His buddy had already undone her belt and button, so Shorty only had to unzip her pants before he tugged them down to her knees. Alana's white panties still framed her plump little ass, but Shorty was just as quick in yanking them down. He grabbed his cock with his fist, rubbing it back and forth across her cheeks a few times. Then he ran his cock up her crack, letting his balls slap against her asshole.

Between grunts, Shorty asked, "Can I go in your ass?"

I thought it nice that, in the heat of the moment, he had the manners to ask. And it was a good thing, too, because Alana suddenly pulled away from her make-out session with the tall guy and reached back to grabbed Shorty's dick.

"No," she panted. "Fuck my pussy." And she guided his dick between her legs.

So much for the possibility of Alana ever becoming strictly a lesbian. Shorty let her lead him in, but he quickly took over, pushing slowly but deeply into Alana's pussy. After a moment, he began fucking her, speeding up his rhythm with each thrust. He grabbed her hips and pulled her to him as he began ramming her excitedly. Her hair tossed wildly, and Alana made loud, though feminine grunts on each down stroke.

Alana's body jolted so much from the fucking that she could no longer kiss the tall guy. He had been laying beneath her still, grabbing her swaying tits and licking them when he had a chance, but now that his friend and Alana were several steps ahead, the tall guy decided to join their level. 

He rolled out from beneath Alana and tore off all his clothes, making he and I the only ones completely naked in the room. Then he walked to the side of the bed and thrust out his huge, seven or eight-inch monster cock at Alana's face. Even in the dark I saw her eyes go wide.

"Oh my God," she gasped. 

But before another word could be said, she grabbed the dick, opened wide, and stuffed it in her mouth. She only took the head at first, but soon she was sucking down more than half of the long, but somewhat thin member. Then she pulled it out and did what she had done to me on the plane—she began licking the cock fiercely, up and down and across and back again. In seconds, her saliva was dripping from both her lips and his straining erection.

Shorty took this change in her focus to give himself a break. He pulled out and kicked off the pants that had been at his ankles, then raced to take his shoes, boxers, and everything else, off. 

Once done, he grabbed Alana and lifted her onto the bed, rolling her on her back. Alana seemed not even to notice, as she just held onto Tall Guy's dick and kept licking, only now the dick was above her, and she concentrated first on the underside of his shaft, then worked her way down to his balls. She tongued them hungrily and sucked them between her lips, moaning all the while.

On her back, it was easy for Shorty to pull off her remaining clothes that had tangled at her ankles. He pulled off everything but her socks, which I guessed he was just too excited to care about. Then he climbed on the bed, spread her legs and pushed back into her pussy.

Then, amongst the moans, the grunts, and the ramblings, "Oh my God", "Fuck yes!", and the like, Shorty began talking to his friend.

"Can you believe this shit? She is so fucking hot!"

He looked down at Alana and grabbed a bouncing tit with one hand, keeping his other hand on her leg, which went up and over his shoulder.

"Can you feel my cock in you, baby?"

Alana paused from licking just long enough to gasp an answer. "Yes!"

"Does that dick taste good?"

"Yes...mmmm..."

"Do you want another one to suck?"

Before she could answer, Shorty pulled out and began moving toward her head. But Alana was faster, and suddenly she sat up, met his cock halfway, and took it straight down her throat, all the way to the hilt. In that one swift move, Shorty had his entire fat dick in Alana's mouth and throat, and his heavy balls rested against her chin. She grabbed him by the ass, pulling him even deeper, and her nose pressed into his skin.

Just as quickly, Shorty convulsed and grabbed Alana by the shoulders for support. He made a face of awesome pleasure, closing his eyes and gritting his teeth while barking out, "Oh, fuck! Oh fuuuck!"

He began thrusting into Alana's throat, but she held on as tight as she could, never letting him get too far out before stroking in again. I could hear her swallowing, gulp after noisy gulp, as he spewed his hot semen into her stomach.
