 After a long week at work, I think I was just as happy not to have a date: changing into a t-shirt and sweatpants, ordering a pizza, opening a beer and watching the ballgame on tv sounded like a pretty good plan. Then in the top of the eighth inning, I heard a loud crash from the apartment next door.

This didn't sound good, especially since my neighbor Clair's boyfriend is a nasty piece of work and I wouldn't put it past him to get violent.

Still in my bare feet, I went out to the hallway and knocked on her door. There was no answer, but the door was ajar, so I slowly opened it. 

"Frankie!" Clair said when she saw me. She was crouched down next to another woman, who was lying on the floor next to the remains of a lamp. "Maybe you can give me a hand with Sue here. I think she's having a bit of trouble holding her liquor tonight."

I'd never met Sue, but now I noticed two other women in the room: Dani, and another woman I'd never met.

"Help me get her into the bedroom, okay?" Clair said as we each put an arm around Sue. "You'd think I'd be the one passing out drunk tonight."

"Not drunk," Sue groaned.

"Of course not, dear," Clair said.

We were having a lot of trouble getting Sue vertical, because she kept sliding out of our arms. "What do you mean you'd be the one passed out drunk tonight?" I asked.

"This is a celebration party," she said. "I finally kicked Max's ass to the street today."

Good for you, I thought. "Listen, we're not getting any where like this. Sue's not that big a girl. Just make sure the bedroom door's open and there's nothing on the floor for me to trip over, and I'll get her in there." I scooped her up in my arms, and carried her across the room."

"I'll try not to throw up on you," Sue groaned.

"Appreciate that," I said.

"You're a pinata," she said.

"I what?"

"I think she means your t-shirt," Clair said. "All those day-glo colors. The sixties called, Frankie, and they want their t-shirt back."

I lowered Sue onto Clair's king-size bed, and her short skirt rode up far enough to expose red panties. I looked away quickly: I was still wearing my sweatpants, and I didn't want to have any reactions I couldn't hide.

"Are you sure the rest of you are going to be okay?" I joked as Clair and I walked back into the living room.

"Oh sure. We're drinking enough to feel happy, but none of us are pass-out drunk drinkers."

"Maybe he's looking for an excuse to stay," the new girl – who Clair later told me was Jennifer – suggested.

"No," I said, it's just --"

"That's a great idea though," Clair said. "Why don't you stay? You can help us with a party game."

"Party game?" I asked.

"Yeah," Clair said slowly. "Sue got me thinking... we can play Pinata. We all take turns trying to make you explode."

"Um... that doesn't sound like a great idea."

"No! No, you'll love it, I guarantee. Let me think for a moment..." I could see Dani and Jenifer were as confused as I was. "Okay, I have it all worked out." She ran over to her friends, whispered something to them, and they all giggled.

"Maybe I'd better go," I said.

"No," Dani said. "This is great."

I shrugged my shoulders. "Okay, I'm game. How do we play?"

"First," Clair said, "you sit on the couch."

"Just me?"

"Of course," Dani said. "You're the pinata, after all."

"Of course," I said. "Makes perfect sense."

"I'm first," Clair said, sitting down next to me. She tilted my face toward hers, and kissed me – not just a neighborly kiss.

"Umm," I said when we were done, "that was very nice, but what does this have to do with pinatas?"

Clair got up, and Dani took her place and kissed me even more deeply than Clair had, pushing her tongue into my mouth. When she got up, I noticed that all three of them were staring at my pants. At my erection. "Sorry," I said.

"No," Jennifer said, sitting on my lap, "that just means you're getting into the game." She squirmed around as she kissed me, grinding herself into me. She lifted her skirt up from underneath her, so it wa her panties rubbing against my sweatpants-covered erection.

It was a struggle not to cum right then and there.

"That's cheating," Dani said.

"I didn't hear any rule against it," Jennifer said, pulling her lips away from mine for just a moment.

"But we don't want the game to end in Round One," Clair reminded her.

"Yeah, you're right," Jennifer said, getting to her feet.

"Anybody want to tell me what's going on?" I asked.

"Pinata," Clair said. "Whoever gets you to explode wins."

"And gets the prize inside," Dani said.

"You mean make me cum?"

"Duh," Jennifer said.

"How drunk are you all?"

"Sober enough that we know what we're doing. Drunk enough that we'll do it."

"Works for me," I said. "Now what?"

"Now we go into the bedroom for Round Two," Clair said. She told me to get into the bed, while Dani and Jennifer carefully slid Sue over to the other side. "Just try not to knock Sue off the bed," Clair said. "She's already had one fall tonight."

"And now what?" I asked again.

And now," Clair said, you get undressed.

"I what?"

"Frankie, those sweats aren't hiding a thing. And if the point of the game is to make you cum..."

I took off my t-shirt and sweatpants. Clair pointed to my briefs and I slid those off as well, exposing a cock that was already rock hard.

Jennifer clicked a button on her cell phone, and Clair wrapped her hand around my cock and began to stroke it. "Are you going to cum for me?" Clair asked.

"Yessss," I said.

"Don't do it," Dani said. "If you make it into the next round, it gets better than a handjob."

Oh, god. That made me desperate not to cum, and the same time making me more aroused than ever. How far was this going to go?

"Time," Jennifer said, and Clair let go of my cock.

Dani took her spot, and began pumping my cock. "Forget what I said," she cooed. "You really want to cum, don't you? That doesn't have to be the end of it. We can fool around some more later. Cum for me now, and you can cum in my pussy later."

I was just about to let myself cum when I saw Jennifer standing behind her naked from the waist up. "Hold out a little longer," she told me. "I want you to cum all over my tits."

This broke Dani's concentration "You're cheating again."

"No rule against it. And..." she said, looking at the stopwatch on her cell phone, "that's your 30 seconds."

She handed the phone to Clair, and took Dani's place. "It's so hot when somebody cums all over my tits," she said. And I bet you have a lot of cum all ready to cover me with, don't you?" She took my right hand and placed it on her breast. "Don't you like these tits?" I pinched the nipple. "Ooooh," she said.

"If you hold out just another 17 seconds," Clair said, "Round Two. Blowjobs. You've never had a blowjob as good as mine, Frankie. I can take your whole cock, deep inside my throat, and I'll swallow every drop. And then – time's up, Jennifer!"

I knew this had nothing to do with me: the girls each just wanted to win. But I didn't care.

"Remember," Clair told Jennifer as she handed the phone back to her. "This round's a full minute." She crawled onto the bed next to me and without any fanfare, took my entire cock into her mouth and began sucking. She was right: this was already the best blowjob I'd had in my life.

Then I heard a groaning sound behind me and I turned my head to see Sue, her red panties lying on the bed next to her, her hand under her skirt. I couldn't see what she was doing, but clearly she was finger-fucking herself. "You're all so hot," she whispered. 

She was still clearly half asleep, but she was becoming more and more conscious and her panting and groaning grew faster and louder.

"Time's up," Jennifer told Clair. Clair was definitely angry that Sue had distracted me, but what could she say?

Dani climbed into the bed in her place, stark naked. Oh, I liked how this was progressing! She lay on top of me in a 69 position, told Jennifer to start the timer, and began to work on my cock. She sucked and tongued it wonderfully, but I was most impressed by the bare pussy in my face. I thrust my tongue deep into her pussy, then began sucking on her clit. Her body began bucking on top of me, and I grabbed her ass to hold her closer to me. She forgot about my cock completely. When Jennifer called time she refused to get off of me, and I kept eating her out until finally she came with a soft scream.

She slowly climbed off of me, and gave me a deep kiss before she gave way to Jennifer. "Sorry I forgot about you," she said softly. "but thanks. Far as I'm concerned, I've already won."

Jennifer did the best she could with me; but my cock had been hard for so long, and then left wet and unattended for several minutes, and it was – sad to say – quite deflated. Jennifer's sucking certainly helped, as did noticing that Sue had stripped naked next to me and had one hand roughly squeezing her own breasts and three fingers of the other hand thrusting in and out of her pussy. 

I was hard again by the end of Jennifer's minute. 

"Okay," Clair said, handing the phone back to Jennifer and stripping off her clothing, now comes the "fucking your brains out" round. She was just stepping out of her panties when, without a word, Sue climbed on top of me, said "I need to cum," and jammed her wet pussy down around my cock. "Ahhhh!" she shouted as she bounced harder and harder onto my cock, then held herself down, clenched her pussy muscles, and yelled "Fuck!" as she came loudly. I came as well, shooting all my pent-up cum up into her, feeling her pussy suck every last drop out of me.

Sue rolled off of me, lying on my chest, absently caressing my spent cock as I stroked her breasts. A little late for foreplay, I thought, but it felt nice. It was also nice looking at one half-naked woman and two naked women sitting near us on the edge of the bed. One of the naked ones was miffed that she'd been cheated out of both her win and an orgasm. "You two," Clair said to us, "owe me. Big time."

"Maybe we'll make it up to you," Sue said. "Both of us."

Clair raised her eyebrows. I think so did I.

But that's a story for another day.