 Kristi's back, for more fun with Sam, but this time she is the one who gets the big surprise. It's another attempt for me to practice writing from a male perspective, so any critiques from readers will be greatly appreciated. I hope you enjoy it!





Once more, I was teamed with Kristi on a trip with no schedule that we could plan on. The other pilot was an old guy, who was nice enough, but he just wasn't much fun. Fortunately, he was a manager with lots of responsibilities, so he spent most of his free time working in his hotel room. That left Kristi and me with lots of time to "interact."

I'd flown a few trips with Kristi since that memorable night of depravity with Jason and her. Her behaviour on these subsequent trips was testament to the genuinely sincere, considerate nature of the gal. Knowing that I was a happily, no, exuberantly happily, married man, she left that fantastic night of sex back in the hotel room where it belonged, and never once mentioned it again, in words or actions. She continued to flirt, of course: that was stamped in her genes. Thank god! And, for me, the backdrop of my scene with her and Jason, loosened me up to flirt right back at her. We'd had our sex fix with each other, so that now we could just play with our lusts. That was the way it seemed to me, anyhow.

After a few days of "sitting", we finally got to fly to someplace new. A big city, even. Wow! Finally back in civilization, with no guess as to how long we might get to enjoy it, Kristi and I were deadset to make the most of it. We found a great restaurant within walking distance, right after checking-in to the hotel. The other pilot wanted an early night, and he chose to eat at the hotel, so we left him there and headed out. We had a bit too much wine with the meal, so we left there on foot to walk it off. We'd been told to walk towards the center of town, and as we did, we heard music. A few more blocks passed before we saw the people and the bands. It was a big street party, and we rolled right into it. A great summer night, a young,hot, sexy chick on my arm, and lots of dancing, crazy people, made it a wild, intoxicating party.

The next day, I got the word that we'd be staying at least a couple more days here. I was overjoyed and told the others.

"You going to breakfast?" I invited Kristi, as I gave her the news.

"Are you crazy? Why the fuck did you have to call me so goddamned early?" I could easily imagine her eyes clamped shut with sleep and frowning face. It made me smile.

"Ah.....it's 10:30 Kristi."

"It is????" I could imagine her fumbling around to look for a clock. "Shit"

"I guess that means you're skipping breakfast?" I teased.

"Hey look.....could you just bring me some coffee? Some good coffee, and real cream. Not this shit in the room stuff. Hot? Okay? Please?"

"Sure....sure."

The phone went dead.

I wasn't exactly feeling peachy either, but the idea of how much Kristi was suffering right now, made me smile. I went down and had a leisurely breakfast,and then got a thermal jug of coffee to go.

"Who's there?"

The groggy voice surprised me after only the third attempt to wake her up. I hadn't knocked too loudly, so I wouldn't disturb others in their rooms.

"Coffee, remember?"

There were several clicks on the other side of the door before it cracked open far enough to show Kristi's sad, sleepy face.

"Thanks," she said, with both eyes still mostly closed. "wanna come in?"

I was shocked. No way would any women invite a guy in her room when she looked as bad as Kristi did right then. It made me realize again how different she was from every other woman, and especially every other flight attendant, I'd ever known.

I smiled my surprise. "No no....I gotta go"

"Go jerk off?" Even dead tired and hung over, Kristi never gave up the game.

I laughed..........and as I did, she opened the door further. My eyes went straight to her chest. The hotel's white terrycloth robe hung on her like a tent, drooping all the way to the floor. But she wore it falling off her shoulders, with the rope looped but not fastened. As a result, it hung open at the front, revealing a teddy-bear negligee that was almost sheer. She made no attempt to cover up.

"Are you sure?" she questioning dryly, actually able to throw a suggestive smile now.

I just laughed my response again, as I turned and headed for the elevator.

"Mmmmm........nice butt," she hissed, watching me go.

I spent that day doing a little work in my room, and getting some exercise in the weight room and pool. I had a great appetite by the time 7 pm rolled around. When I got to the lobby to meet Kristi as planned, I was surprised not to see her anywhere. But then, after looking a little harder, I realized that the girl in the hat, jeans and t-shirt was my associate.

"Kristi...." I called quietly as I came up behind her.

The woman whirled around.

"You found me."

"Well, it wasn't easy," I admitted, looking her up and down.

A red baseball cap was pulled down tightly over her forehead, with her long, mostly tangled mane streaking out through the hole in the back. Her eyes were impossible to see, unless she looked up to me, and they were definitely fixed up with the miracles of cosmetics. The colour of her cheeks was fake too.

"Ah......would you rather stay here and eat?" I didn't know how to put it gently to her, that maybe she didn't look her best. She did, however, smell delightful: I decided that she'd tried the hotel's fruity skin lotion.

"What? Just because I look like a badass motorcycle momma who's been riding for hours after a night of binge drinking? You got a problem with that?"

I took that as an excuse to look her up and down again. God, even without big tits that plain white t-shirt was anything but boring, and those jeans had to be painted on.

I laughed, because I knew she was laughing behind those twinkling, but tired, eyes.

"C',mon let's go...........mmmmmm yummmy," she chirped, slapping my butt.

As we walked, it became apparent that Kristi was much more awake than she had appeared to be. Since she'd basically slept all day, she was ready for another night of fun. I was only interested in eating and getting a good night's sleep....until we entered our restaurant of choice. When we walked in, several people turned to look at us. In a way, I wasn't surprised, because we were similarly dressed, but physical extremes with my tall, lean older frame contrasting with Kristi's young, short curvaceous bod.

"As long as somebody's looking, we'd better give them something to see, huh?" she joked, running a hand up inside my t-shirt.

"So I guess I should do the same to you then?"

She abruptly withdrew her hand and scooted forward in front of me: but not before I was able to playfully slap her ass.

Following her, I looked up and immediately knew where I wanted to eat. I grabbed her arm.

"Let's eat at the bar."

"Wh-wh.....OH I see why."

Since she was hanging back a little, I strode forward to get the best seat before anyone else might happen by. It was the best bar seat, because it gave the best view....the best view of two, enticingly clad, gorgeous chicks, and a dude that sported some pretty awesome curves of his own. I was sure that he would be the eye candy for Kristi that would allow me to oogle the girls.

The guy was dressed in a white, russian satin top, and jet-black, straight-leg dress slacks. He looked totally suave and cool, while the girls looked a bit brittle and fake, in their "costumes" of black. They wore black, scoop-neck blouses, showing major cleavage on both girls. Combined with ultra-low-cut, stretch black jeans, the tops left a healthy gap of bare midriff exposed, even though the jeans sported a super-wide belt and enormous pewter beltbuckle. I climbed onto my chair just as the hot one bent over to grab a beer glass. Oh My GODDDD!

Her blouse had billowed open, showing me the full form of her sweet breasts hanging down under her. The underwire half-bra separated them into distinct melons, leaving almost nothing, except the nipples, to my imagination. When she straightened up, you could see them point upwards by themselves: firm, full and fuckable. My pants were suddenly way too small for me.

After she'd straightened up and moved a few feet away, my breath started returning. Slowly. A name tag claimed her to be Sayura, which I found to be almost as unique as her body. Sayura was so much like Kristi, yet completely the opposite at the same time. She was, incredibly, the most smoking hot chick I had ever seen, I'm sure. The first thing I noticed was her complexion. Not black, or brown, or even tanned, her skin seemed to be simply smokey, and so young, soft and taut. Her short, black hair, curving around her high cheekbones and angular lines, was cute and simple. Her almond eyes, neither asian nor western, seemed to smoke too, whenever she privileged me with a glance. This was accentuated by her long, delicate neck, and small shoulders. All of this was uncommonly beautiful, of course, but what put her over the top was a smile that lit up the galaxy. She had a wide mouth with 100 pearly white, sparkling teeth: or so it seemed, because she opened her mouth when she smiled....and she was smiling and laughing all the time, at everyone and everything. Unlike Kristi, she was tall, with long, straight arms, and of course, legs that went on and on and on. Her butt was a thing of perfection, jutting out behind her, but still small and perfectly round, like the juiciest peach I'd ever seen. The tight jeans parted her buttocks, leaving a big gap between her thighs right under her crotch. GOD! Watching her turn and walk to the other side of the bar made my bones go soft.

Just then, there was motion around us, as a guy came up to request the bar seat beside Kristi. Tall, relaxed and good-looking, he politely asked Kristi's permission to sit there. They shared a little laugh over something, as he sat down next to her. He looked to be 30-ish, a couple of years younger than me probably, with a full head of dense, wavy dark hair. Pale green eyes peered softly out from under a pronounced brow, making him distinctly attractive. But even more than that, it was his radiance of confidence and maturity that I found to be instantly magnetic. As he spoke softly with Kristi, I confirmed that his crisp, aqua-coloured linen shirt and cotton, roll-up pants complemented his friendly, down-to-earth demeanor. Then, as Kristi left a few minutes later, to visit the restroom, I watched him struggle to keep from staring at Kristi's disappearing ass. He caught my eye and knew that he'd been found out.

"Not bad, huh?". I smiled warmly, trying to convey that I totally understood his "problem".

"She's your co-worker, right? She told me that." There was an undertone of anxiety in his voice.

"Yeah, yeah........don't worry." I continued to smile until he started to loosen up. "There's nothing between us. I'm married, but not to her."

He looked at me thoughtfully for a second.

"Then you're a very lucky guy." His smile was genuine and warm.

"Hi, my name's Delaney."

We shook hands. He had a strong, big hand.

We got talking then, and hit it off very well. He was curious about Kristi, but not in the way of most guys you meet around the bar. We compared notes about the bartenders, while we kept our eyeballs full of them as we talked. More than once, as one of the girls came near us, we looked at each other with that "Did you see that?" expression all over our faces. He liked the blonde best, so we had fun debating why. She had straight, long blonde hair, a mildly tanned complexion, and chalky-white skin. Her green eyes were more piercing than his, I thought, but her full lips were much too scarlet for my taste. Also, she carried an extra pound or two around her hips and thighs. Still, she gave me a big rise many times that night.

When Kristi returned, she joined our conversation without interrupting, although we did quickly switch the topic to something less graphic. At the same time, I started to get somewhere with Sayura, maybe because the dinner crowd had thinned out by now. When she realized that Kristi and I worked together only, and that I was only trying to make conversation rather than pick her up, Sayura opened up and we traded barbs the same way I did with Kristi. As she grew more friendly, my eyes spent less time undressing her, and much more time glued to her increasingly smokey, mysterious eyes. They showed more and more interest and her lips began to smile and part more often when we spoke. I couldn't believe that such a smoking hot babe was interested in me, so I assumed that she was just working on the tip.

In spite of all the attractions, I was fading fast. Last night's sleep had been short, and shallow due to alcohol, and I needed a real night's sleep to recover. Kristi was reluctant to leave, because she was having fun and had had all day to sleep. However, she wasn't going to stay there by herself. I paid the bill, and told Sayura, after she saw the huge tip, that we'd probably be back tomorrow. Delaney smiled his goodbye and said that he might be back tomorrow night too.

"Delaney's a pretty nice guy, huh?" I asked innocently, once we were out on the sidewalk.

I interpreted, rather than saw, Kristi's smile as she replied.

"Oh yeah......he was fun."

"I thought so. I liked him too. What about the bartender?"

"The dude? Are you kidding? He's too young and cute. He'd be great on my arm to take to parties and stuff, but you could see that's he's totally into himself."

"So......just a fuck and forget?"

She laughed out loud. "Definitely! Yeah, just a fuck and forget. For sure!"

She grabbed my hand in hers and swung it high as we walked.

"And what about dear Sayura, huh? Is she a fuck and forget?.....if you were single, of course."

"Oh god," I sighed immediately. My mind whirled at the sights I'd enjoyed.

"Aha!" Kristi jumped on it. "I knew it. She's incredibly hot, huh?"

"Smoking.........absolutely smoking hot." I could barely breathe.

"Yeah," she said, stopping us and turning to me, "I definitely agree." She paused for a second, looking up into my eyes. "Are you.....uh....going to need.... uh..... going to need some help, tonight?" Her delivery was gentle and sincere, like that of an innocent child.

My hands went under her arms, bringing her close as I bent down to meet her.

We kissed.

Holding her close, I waited until she opened her eyes.

"That wasn't called for......but very nice," she whispered.

"Just like your offer." I whispered back.

I kissed her again. Her lips were just too inviting.

"This is your way of turning me down, isn't it?" she breathed as we parted once more. "You are turning me down, aren't you?"

"Yeah.......you know I can't........I just can't." I couldn't form the words to describe what I really wanted to do with, to, and for her.

"But you want to, Sam......I know that....and....but I'm glad, because I understand."

"Oh god, Kristi, I want to make love to you all night long.....and all day too."

Kristi stopped again, and looked up at me.

"You know you can have me anytime you want," she said tenderly. "You know that.....don't you?"

I kissed her, gently....a 'thank you' kiss....rather than to try to form a reasonable reply.

We walked along in silence, our minds working overtime at what we'd just admitted to each other. The alcohol tonight was freeing up our tongues to talk more openly about our mutual experiences and thoughts.

"Did you tell your wife about me?"

I'd been expecting that question ever since the memorable night we'd shared with Jason.

"Of course." Truth was the easiest answer, especially after I'd been drinking.

"I mean about our night with Jason," she pried a little deeper.

"I know that's what you meant," I replied quietly. "Yeah I did."

Somehow it was easier to talk about things like this without looking into each others' eyes. I was beginning to feel some previously unrecognized tension float away, as we talked about that night.

"Ah.....how.....if you don't mind my asking......how did she react?"

I took a deep breath.

"She was instantly, totally pissed....until the tears came."

"Oh god!" Kristi squeezed my hand and hugged me close. "I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry."

"No, don't be....it's okay." I stroked her long, tangled strands of hair.

"I'm a bitch, aren't I?"

"No....don't say that," I calmed her. "My wife said that many times, before she blamed it all on me....but honestly, she's okay with it now." I took a huge breath then, hoping that I was about to do the right thing. "....and I'll tell you why."

"Huh?"

"She was pissed at first.........until I told her about Jason......about me and Jason."

"You mean....you mean......"

"Yeah." I sighed. "When she heard that we were together, and you were...ah...performing for both of us, she thought you were a total bitch in heat. Then, " my words tumbled out faster and faster now, "when I started to talk about how Jason and I got it on, she changed her whole tone of condemnation and instead wanted to hear every detail."

There were several seconds of silence while Kristi figured it out.

"She....like....you mean it got her hot?"

"Like crazy."

"Omigod." Then "Wow! That's really amazing."

"Yeah."

Silence fell over us then, for the final couple of blocks to the hotel. It was a very comforting silence. We'd admitted some very huge things between us in a short walk, and I felt much closer to Kristi now, then ever before, but in a very very good way. It would have been perfect now to take her up to her room and anchor our new intimacy by making love all night, but she knew I couldn't do that. At least, I hoped she understood that. She paused at her door, after opening it.

"I'd love to kiss you goodnight....but I don't think we should," she sighed.

"Yeah," I admitted sadly, as I delivered a light peck on her cheek. "You're right."

"See you tomorrow........have a good sleep this time." I encouraged her, trying to sound cheerful.

Early the next afternoon, I went out to the pool for my daily exercise and got a nice surprise. Not only was Kristi out there getting some rays, but also, reclining in a chair beside her, was Delaney. He waved first, as if there were some chance that I might not notice the hottest pair of bods lying around the pool.

"Hey Delaney," I said, striding up to grab his firm handshake, "I'm glad to see you taking care of Kristi for me."

We laughed, while Kristi threw me a sarcastic glare.

"Glad to see you too. Sit down," he waved to a chair beside them.

Ignoring the offer for the moment, I asked Kristi "So I guess it's not exactly a coincidence that you ran into Delaney out here?"

She put down her constant companion, her smartphone, only for a moment to reply.

"Well, we don't know how long we'll be here, so I thought we'd both enjoy his company while we can."

"Here's to that," smiled Delaney, raising his water glass.

I tossed my towel onto the proffered chair, but stayed standing instead to limit the conversation. I'd come out to get some exercise, and the only thing getting exercise while I talked and looked at them was the thing between my legs. Kristi's ivory bikini was giving me fits. Her firm, round globes filled the top so perfectly, and there was only a tiny string around her hips which kept in place the microscopic piece that preserved her modesty. Occasionally as we talked, she fiddled with her sunglasses to "inadvertently" show me how her eyes were looking me up and down. That made my heart pump purple. Next to her, Delaney wore a teal euro-style swimsuit, like mine, which looked very good on him. Though both of us carefully kept eye contact while talking, it was impossible not to notice that he was fit and trim, with nice muscle mass and strong chest features. His legs suggested that he might be a distance runner. When I finally found a chance to escape to go for my swim, I had a strong feeling that four eyes were burning into my backside as I turned and walked to the pool.
