 He was still tense. The muscles of his arms bulged like ropes stretched tight under his skin. He looked back over his shoulder at Stan. He was staring at his ass with a big grin on his face. He squirted more grease on his fingers, pulled his ass cheeks apart and smeared it on his asshole. Fred groaned ad laid his forehead on the bed.

"Jesus. I can't believe I'm doing this. If the guys at the shop find out about this I'm finished."

Stan chuckled and Fred looked back at him over his shoulder.

"What's so funny?" he said.

Stan rubbed his hip.

"Wouldn't you just love to know which of the guys in your shop I've already fucked?"

He touched the head of his cock to the tight opening of Fred's asshole and he flinched.

"Oh man," Fred said with a groan, and his head buried in the pillow.

"I think you've been ready for this all along. You just don't want to admit it," Stan said.

"Just don't be too rough," Fred said.

"What?" Kate said, and sat forward.

Fred looked up. She had an incredulous look in her eyes.

"I was never rough with you, was I?" he said.

"All the time."

"How come you never said anything?"

She sat back against the pillows. Her legs parted and her fingers slipped down to her slit once more.

"I kinda liked it," she said with a quick shrug.

"Yeah. You're gonna like this," Stan said.

He pressed forward and the fat head of his cock pierced the tight ring of Fred's asshole. He and Kate gasped at the same time. The sudden pain shot through his whole body. His eyes bulged and he wanted to scream, but clenched his mouth shut and held it back. All that came out was a muffled grunt.

His head dropped to the mattress. It was hard to believe he had allowed his best friend to put his hard cock in his ass. There was no going back now. He was officially a homo.

"Holy shit I can't get over how tight you are," Stan said.

He held Fred's hips with both hands and pushed forward with his hips. Fred groaned and his back arched. Another inch or so of cock forced itself into his body.

He couldn't look at Kate. It was far more humiliating than he expected. How could he live with himself knowing that he'd allowed himself to be fucked by a man like he was nothing more than a wussy little girl?

Stan adjusted his grip on his hips.

"Oh yeah baby. I'm gonna give it all to you," he said.

Fred clenched his jaws so tight his teeth nearly cracked. Why couldn't Stan just shut up and fuck him? He was going to need a lot more beer to forget this when it was over.

Stan worked the first couple of inches of his cock back and forth. The grease made a wet squishing sound. It took only a little coaxing to get the tight ring of Fred's asshole to relax and stretch open, as if it had given up hope of holding out his thick cock. It slid slowly into his ass.

"Oh fuck yeah," Stan said.

Fred gasped and lifted his head. Kate was watching him with wide, amused eyes. She had one hand over her mouth, and her other hand worked rapidly between her legs like she was trying to start a fire. His fingers dug into the mattress. Never had he felt so stretched and so opened. Stan's cock was burning hot inside him. Was this how it felt to be violated?

Stan was moaning softly. He pushed his cock in until it hit bottom with a thunk, and Fred flinched. He ran his hand down the middle of his back.

"It feels good to finally be inside you, baby. You don't know how long I waited to be right here," he said in a soft, low voice.

Fred chuckled. His forehead rested on his crossed arms.

"Ok dude. Just do it to me. You don't have to tell me about it," he said.

Stan smacked his ass and he nearly jumped.

"I'm the one in charge right now. You're in no position to tell me what to do."

Fred tried to turn around, but he couldn't move. Stan's cock had him pinned down to the bed. He pushed it deeper and Fred groaned and went limp. He was right. He had complete control over him and there was nothing he could do about it.

"Just relax baby. Let yourself get into it. You're gonna enjoy it, I promise," Stan said.

Fred's head was down and his ass was up. He never felt so helpless. But his own cock was as hard as a rock and pointed straight down between his legs.

Stan's hand slipped around his waist and closed around his cock. He squeezed it hard and pumped it slowly. Fred groaned. The pain had eased. He was surprised how good Stan's cock felt in his ass.

Stan let go of his cock to dig his fingers into his ass for a better grip and pumped hard with his hips, sliding his cock in and out of his ass. He was grunting and panting with every thrust.

Fred was moaning, too. All he could do was bunch the sheet in his fists and hold on. He never would have imagined that getting fucked that hard in the ass could feel that good.

"Oh shit. Oh fuck. Here it comes, baby," Stan said.

Fred groaned. It was an odd sensation to feel Stan's cock swell and throb inside him. It was an even more odd sensation to feel his hot cum filling his ass. He squeezed his eyes shut. The comforting warmth of the cum spread through his body, and his tense muscles became loose and relaxed.

Stan stopped thrusting with his hips, but left his cock buried deep in Fred's ass. Every few seconds it spasmed again, sending a shiver up his spine.

"My my, that was the best fuck I had in a long time. What'd you think of it?" Stan said. He was panting and stroked Fred's ass with one hand.

Fred looked at Kate. Her mouth hung open and she was rubbing three fingers in and out of her pussy.

"All right," Fred said, but his voice was hoarse and muffled by the pillow.

He was almost disappointed when Stan pulled his cock out of his ass. It left him with a cold, empty feeling, and some cum that leaked out. He gave his ass one hard smack.

"You're not a virgin anymore. How's it feel?" he said, and laid on the bed on his side beside him. He glanced at Kate and they grinned at each other.

"It's ... weird," Fred said.

He rolled on his back and stared at the ceiling. He felt different, like he had been transformed into a different person. Would he ever be able to change back?

Stan put his hand around Fred's huge erection again.

"Yeah, I know. I remember the first time I got it up my ass. I've never been the same since."

He laughed and Kate laughed with him. Fred groaned softly. He didn't want to be different. He didn't want getting fucked in the ass to feel so good that it made him consider the idea of doing it again. He wanted to be the same old guy who found hot chicks so irresistible.

"So, are you ready?" Stan said.

Fred looked at him. "Ready for what?"

"For my turn, of course. Don't you know that I've been waiting for the chance to feel this big thing inside me since the day I found out you were carrying it around?"

Fred looked at Kate. She was smiling and nodded, as if she was making the decision for him.

"No. How was I supposed to know that?"

"Because I drop hints about it every time we're together."

"Why didn't you just ask?"

Stan rolled his eyes and put his hand on his hip.

"Oh sure. What was I gonna say? Hey Fred. I hear you got a big cock. Wanna shove it up my ass? Like you would've said yes to that."

Fred shrugged. "You never know."

Kate reached over and grabbed the tube of KY jelly.

"You two just keep arguing about it. How about if I help you out with this?" she said.

She squeezed a big glob of grease on the head of Fred's hard cock like she was putting whipped cream on a sundae. Fred was leaning back on his elbows and his cock stood straight up, bent over to the side by its own weight. She closed her hand around it and pumped up and down, spreading the grease over the entire length of the shaft. He looked at Stan.

"I'd love to," he said.

"Love to what?"

Fred swallowed hard. He never would have believed he could say what was on his mind until he heard the words coming out of his mouth.

"I'd love to shove my cock up your ass."

A big grin spread across Stan's face.

"I thought you'd never ask," he said.

He crawled on top of Fred and turned around with his ass hovering over the head of his cock. Fred's throat tightened. Was he really ready for this? Stan's ass was not nearly as attractive as Kate's, or any other girls ass he had ever fucked.

But he didn't have time to back out. Kate held his long cock up and Stan dropped his ass on it. Half of it sunk in and Fred's eyes rolled back in his head.

"Oh fuck," Stan said with a grunt.

Fred's hands were flat on the bed on either side of him. The rest of his body was stiff and his teeth were clenched tight. He was afraid to put his hands on Stan's ass. It didn't feel right to grab another man that way, even if his cock was buried in his ass.

Stan looked over his shoulder. He had a grimace on his face like he was in pain, and beads of sweat on his forehead.

"Goddamn that's a big cock," he said.

"No kidding. That's all you've been talking about."

Stan was on his knees, bent forward with his hands on Fred's thighs. He was trembling all over.

"It feels so good," he said.

He started rocking back and forth, moving himself slowly up and down on his cock. It went deeper a tiny bit at a time until it bumped into a wall deep inside and Stan grunted.

Kate was staring at them. Her finger rubbed her pussy and she was chewing her lower lip like she was trying to keep her moans down to the high pitched whimpers that came out.

Stan's ass was much tighter than Fred expected. He didn't want to guess how many cocks he'd taken up his ass, but he would have believed his hole had been so stretched that neither of them would feel anything.

Fred could not move. If Stan was a girl, he would have had both hands on her ass and pulled her down as hard as he could. Girls loved when he was rough. Wasn't that what Kate said?

But he was reluctant to touch Stan. Intimacy with another guy might have been ok for Stan, but he wasn't ready to show that much interest. It didn't hurt, though, that he was sliding up and down on his fat cock and groaning louder and louder.

"Oh God," Fred said with a deep groan.

He couldn't hold it back any longer and let his cum spew out.

"Oh baby yeah. I can feel it," Stan said.

Kate moaned, too. Her eyes were squeezed shut and her lower lip trembled. She had three fingers buried to the knuckles in her wet pussy and her hips twitched.

Stan stopped pounding himself on Fred's cock and was still, just moaning and panting with his head down. His back was covered with sweat. Fred's cum oozed out of the tight ring of his ass and dripped down the shaft of his cock.

It was still rigid and hard, even after he had cum twice. Stan rocked back and forth on it a few times like he didn't want to give it up. He looked back over his shoulder at Fred and reached down to feel the cum oozing from his ass.

"Goddamn dude. You sure you don't wanna consider another career? You'd make one hot fucking gay man," he said, and rolled off to the other side of the bed. Fred's cock came out slowly, along with a gush of cum.

"I don't know. I'll stick to girls for now," Fred said.

Kate giggled. "I can think of a few girls who'd like you to stick it to them," she said.

"What about you?" Fred said.

She stared at him with a puzzled look in her eye.

"What about me?" she said.

Fred shrugged. "It's been a while."

Kate glanced between the two of them.

"What are you talking about?"

Stan put his hand around Fred's hard cock and wagged it in her direction. His own cock was swollen and waved like a pole.

"Kate here told me that her fantasy was to be raped by pirates," he said.

"She told you that? She never told me that."

"I was thinking it was time to give her that fantasy," Stan said.

Kate grinned. "Yeah, ok. Which one of you wants to go first?"

Fred and Stan looked at each other.

"Both of us. At the same time," Stan said.

"I get to be on top," Fred said.

He grabbed Kate's ankles and peeled her legs apart before she could get away. She screamed, then squealed with laughter.