 It had been almost four years since I'd been to the family cabin in the White Mountains. After my divorce, I had left the hospital in Tucson and joined the staff at a trauma center in Boston. Two years had flown by. Long days and nights, and constant study of medical journals kept me occupied and my mind off the fact that I had no life outside of work.

Sure, I had friends that I went to Red Sox and Celtics games with. There was no shortage of nurses that flirted shamelessly. Some even whispered offers that had me walking away trying to disguise the erection under my scrubs. I doggedly avoided entanglements with the women at my workplace. I kind of understood their interest. A half-way decent looking, single, just over six foot three, two hundred pounds of lean muscle doctor with a full head of sandy brown hair was a magnet for single nurses. More than a few of the married ones also made it clear they would be happy to entertain me in one of crash rooms the ER and trauma center doctors used to grab some sleep during slow periods.

The circumstances that led to my divorce still gnawed at me. I had left the hospital in Tucson after completing a surprisingly easy Thursday-Friday rotation and went directly to the airport. I was going to a medical conference in San Diego. But upon arriving at the airline counter, I was informed the flight had been canceled due to mechanical problems. The pleasant woman behind the counter looked over the options but everything was sold out.

The soonest she could get me to San Diego was late the next night, which meant missing two days of a three-day conference. I decided to skip it and asked for a refund. She made several other offers in an attempt to avoid refunding the fare, but I stuck to my demand. She called a manager, who tried to sweeten the alternative offers. I stood my ground and a refund was finally approved. I was to share a two-bedroom suite with a colleague that was already there so I didn't have to cancel the hotel. Besides, the hospital was paying for the room. I drove home.

It was just about nine o'clock when I got home. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. I parked in the driveway, went inside, and disabled the alarm. My wife's car was in the garage but that wasn't a surprise. It was Saturday and if she went to her job as hospital administrator at another Tucson hospital on the weekend, it was rarely before 10:00AM when she left.

After completing a forty-eight-hour shift, I needed a short nap and wasn't at all disappointed not to be going to the conference. I went down the hall toward our bedroom and heard the buzz of one of my wife's toys. She'd been pretty randy lately and since I was going to be away, she was left to her own devices. Well, she'd be pleasantly surprised and I certainly didn't mind delaying my planned nap. I stripped out of my clothes before entering the bedroom and entered quietly, intending to surprise her.

The sight that greeted me wasn't at all what I was expecting. My wife, Susan, a pretty five-foot-four-inch brunette with nice firm breasts, trim 23-inch waist, perfect legs and luscious ass was propped up on several pillows with her legs spread wide. Another naked woman was on her knees with her head in my wife's crotch and a hand furiously working a vibrator in and out of her own ginger pussy. My wife's eyes were closed and her head was thrashing back and forth against the headboard.

I didn't say anything. I just sat in a nearby chair and watched. There was never any indication my wife liked women but she was certainly into the cunt-lapping that she was receiving at that moment. She was pinching her erect nipples, her chest flushed pink. Susan was always vocal when we made love but she was really belting out her pleasure now. My cock was hard but I left it alone and just watched.

They both remained oblivious to my presence until they were both temporarily sated. It was quite a sight when they reached their respective orgasms. My wife stopped pinching her nipples and grabbed the redhead by the ears. She pulled her Sapphic lover's face into her and lifted her hips high off the bed. The redhead peaked immediately after. Her legs straightened so she was lying face down with her mouth still locked onto my wife's pussy. The vibrator was shoved into her cunt all the way to the controls. Her hips humped up and down and her legs shook in a series of spasms that I would have thought painful if I saw it happening to a patient in the ER.

When my wife finally came down, she said, 'Oh, my god, Erin. That was incredible. Every time we do this it just gets more intense. I can't wait to suck your clit but I need a couple minutes.'

The redhead rolled out of my wife's crotch and curled up with her back to me. When my wife sat up she gasped. She was finally aware of her audience. Her color had begun to return to normal but she now blushed bright-red in embarrassment.

'How long have you been here?' she asked, mortified.

'It was quite a show,' I responded. 'I can't ever recall you being quite that ecstatic when I was sucking your cunt.' My smirk and tone probably made it clear I was pissed.

The redhead rolled toward me. She was grinning, not in the least concerned, or embarrassed. It was Erin Compton, wife of Susan's boss, the hospital president. I knew him and knowing his wife was screwing around on him wasn't much of a surprise. He was an insufferable ass, pompous, arrogant, obnoxious, and widely disliked in the local medical community. He kept his job because, for unknown reasons, he was a very successful fundraiser.

My wife was pretty and I had observed her turning more than a few heads, of both genders, when she was decked out for a hospital fundraiser. Erin was a walking, talking stun gun. She was a bit taller than my wife, perhaps five-foot-six with a lean hard body that came from hours of hard work in the exercise center at her husband's hospital. She was a thirty-something brunette. But her shoulder-length hair had a natural red tone that was impossible to get from a hair dye and made other women green with envy. Sapphire blue eyes had flecks of green and yellow that made them positively hypnotic. Her face was flawless without the slightest blemish. She had a long neck that lent a natural grace. A slim waist, a perfectly rounded heart-shaped ass and exquisite legs that seemed impossibly long completed a package that made dicks hard and pussies wet everywhere she went.

She was a bit of a bitch but managed not to be too horrible. She didn't take herself too seriously and had a riotous sense of humor. She always seemed come up with the perfect quip for any situation. She also seemed to be well-aware of how beautiful she was but wasn't consumed by it. I hadn't been sure if I liked her, but at that moment, I was pretty sure I didn't.

'I never pegged you for a cunt lapper, Erin.' I said bitterly. Erin had what were probably the nicest pair of tits I'd ever laid eyes on.

'I like to eat pussy now and again. I like a stiff dick, even more. I can't get either at home, though. Derek prefers threesomes. He likes to suck one cock, and take another up his ass while he jerks off. He's too self absorbed to allow someone else to get him off. He hasn't been interested in fucking me in years. I really don't think he ever was.' Her eyes never left my erect dick while she spoke.

With that, she got off the bed, crossed the room, got on her knees between my legs and began sucking my cock. She stopped momentarily and looked up at me. 'Susan and I really had a good time last night. But I've been ready for a nice hard cock since I woke up.' Then she returned her attention to my stiff dick.

My wife and I just stared at each other. Finally, my wife got off the bed and grabbed another vibrator out her toy drawer. She lay on her back and worked her way between Erin's legs and started licking Erin's pussy. Although I couldn't see her doing it, Erin's responses made it obvious. I could, however, see Susan work the vibrator between her pussy lips and into her pussy.

Erin had real talent. As my wife licked and sucked, Erin got more and more into what she was doing to my dick. When I emptied my load into her mouth, she didn't flinch or make a sound. She just took it in. Then to my surprise, she moved between my wife legs and took the vibrator away from her. 

Erin opened her mouth to show me she still had a mouthful of my thick, white goo, then leaned forward and put her mouth to my wife's cunt. My wife groaned as Erin used her tongue to push the cum into Susan's pussy. Then she stuck the vibrator back in just a few inches.

'Hold that vibrator right where it is, don't move it even a fraction of an inch,' she told my wife as she returned to her original position between my legs.

Erin sucked my cock again until it was once again erect and hard. Then she turned around and mounted me, her back to me. She looked down at Susan and told her, 'Keep that vibrator in your cunt. I want that cum where it is when I'm done here.'

Susan just nodded and held the vibrator in place, though she dialed up the frequency. 

Erin began fucking me with abandon. After quickly reaching an orgasm, she stopped and savored the sensation of my dick fully engulfed in her. Then she got off my cock. She turned around and looked me in the eyes and said. 'Pick Susan up and put her on the bed.'

I did as she asked. Although I didn't do it tenderly, I wasn't rough either. I performed the task clinically, for want of a better word. Susan looked up at me as I cradled her in my arms. She seemed to want some sign of intimacy from me and looked dismayed when I just set her onto the bed. When I think about it, that one little cruelty of mine probably contributed more to driving us apart than Susan's relations with Erin.

Erin positioned Susan flat on her back with her knees up, the vibrator still rattling away. Susan's face had that vacant stare I'd seen numerous times when I'd teased and fucked her to near senselessness.

Erin climbed into the 69 position over Susan and turned her head to face me. She looked at my cock and saw it still stood proud. 'Fuck me,' she told me simply. 'Susan, lick his cock as he moves it in and out of me. Lick my clit when he's buried in my cunt. After Tom cums in me, you're going to show him how much you love eating fresh-fucked pussy.'

Then Erin pulled the vibrator out and began licking and sucking my wife's pussy. Susan did exactly as she was told while I fucked Erin mercilessly. Susan moaned and groaned almost continuously as she licked my cock and Erin's clit. Susan's hips repeatedly thrashed up at Erin's face.

Having already cum once, I was going to last a while. As I stroked rapidly in and out of Erin, she licked and sucked Susan to a series of nerve-wracking orgasms. When Erin's vagina gripped my cock and went into spasm, I just kept fucking her. I wouldn't stop fucking her until I got off. 

When Erin had her third orgasm, I felt the pins and needles in my balls that signaled my impending orgasm. I pushed into her hard as the first contraction pumped out semen. But instead of remaining bottomed out, I withdrew my cock most of the way and pumped the rest just inside Erin. If Susan liked eating fresh-fucked pussy, I wanted her to have ready access to every bit of cum I pumped into Erin.

When I stopped moving my cock, Susan had access to most of my cum-coated shaft. She licked and sucked and kissed my cock until I removed it from Erin's pussy. Then Susan took me into her mouth and sucked feverishly.

When my cock was no longer in Erin, the still chattering vibrator went back in Susan's pussy and Erin put one of Susan's hands on it to make sure it stayed put. Then she moved around to straddle Susan's head. 'OK, Susan. I don't think Tom has any more cum for you just now. He looks well cleaned up. But I have more for you here.' 

Erin lowered her pussy toward Susan's mouth but stopped inches away. I saw cum starting to drip from Erin's pussy. Susan slid a bit away from me and lifted her head into Erin's crotch, opened her mouth and plunged her tongue into Erin's sloppy, cum-filled cunt. 

With her head tilted slightly back, Susan tongue-fucked and sucked Erin all the while maintaining eye-contact with me. I could see Susan's arm moving rapidly as she shoved the vibrator in and out of her cunt. She sucked and tongue-fucked until Erin began to shake and pushed her cunt down onto my wife's face. My wife's legs started to thrash about as a final orgasm tore through her. Erin fell sideways, curled up and twitched and shook as she came down.

I crawled over to where my wife lay and spread her legs. My cock was still stiff enough to penetrate her so I pulled the vibrator out and pushed into her. I fucked her slowly and gradually I hardened fully. When Susan looked up at me, her mouth open, cum she had sucked out of Erin's cunt was still in her mouth. It coated her lips and face. As I thrust into her, her hips rose up to meet my thrusts. When the unmistakable signs of her approaching orgasm showed, I was all ready to blow my load. I pulled out of her and ejaculated on the neatly trimmed but messy thatch above her pussy. She groaned disappointment at the orgasm denied her.

Erin, however, came to her rescue. She grinned up at me, grabbed the vibrator, inserted it gently into Susan and began working it in and out. My wife almost immediately began writhing and bucking her hips to meet the invading vibrator. Erin leaned forward and sucked up the cum I had dumped into my wife's pussy hair and licked Susan's clit while still working the vibrator in and out until Susan collapsed from exhaustion. Erin fell beside her.

I considered the detritus of my marriage before me. My dick was rapidly deflating, red and sore, coated with drying cum, saliva, and vaginal fluid. Erin, had cum drying on her lips and face plus fresh cum on her tongue and teeth. Cum and vaginal fluid matted her pubic hair. She wore an angelic smile and seemed to glow with well-fucked satisfaction. She looked positively blissful, with not a care in the world.

Susan, likewise had cum drying on her face and lips. Her mouth was only open slightly and a mix of cum and saliva was pooled on the sheet where it had leaked past her lips. She didn't seem all that happy, though, just used and exhausted. Her body looked almost lifeless although I could see she was breathing. Her face wore a look that said she knew her life, as it had been, was gone. She avoided looking directly at me.

Erin got up and, without a word, went into the adjoining master bath and took a shower. When she came out, she radiated energy. To watch her move gracefully and effortlessly, no one would ever guess she'd just been thoroughly fucked in a marathon session of debauchery.

She dressed carefully, paying meticulous attention to every detail of her outfit. Once fully dressed, she looked like she'd spent last hour having a pleasant conversation over tea and scones. She went to the bed and gently caressed Susan's face and then bent over and kissed her tenderly on the mouth. 

'I'm going to take my leave now. I think you both have some talking to do and don't need me here while you work things out. Susan, it was great as always. Tom, it got even better than great after you joined us. Call me when you want to get together again, Susan. Tom, I'm game for another go anytime if you are. Goodbye.' I couldn't believe the audacity of her parting words to Susan.

I showered. My wife eventually found the energy to pull herself up and did the same. I didn't feel like a nap anymore, especially now that six hours had passed since I discovered Susan and Erin together. I watched a golf tournament on TV for a bit. We ate a silent dinner and turned in early. I wish I could say that the experience led to a whole new chapter in our relationship but that wasn't to be the case.

In the morning, Susan and I talked. We didn't argue. Neither of us got angry which I took to be a bad sign. I was hurt and she was clearly upset with herself. Erin and Susan had been getting together for a little over a year. It started after they had drinks together at Erin's condo after a hospital fundraiser. She told me it was exciting and fed her appetite for sex with me. And thinking about the last year, I must admit that Susan was an enthusiastic and motivated lover that initiated things often and rarely turned me down when I wanted sex.

Susan insisted she had never been with another man, only Erin and on one occasion, had a threesome with Erin and the wife of one of the doctors at the hospital where she worked. But Erin had come to her on several occasions with a cum-filled pussy. Apparently, Erin's comment about Susan loving to eat fresh-fucked pussy didn't refer only to eating cum from Erin after I finished fucking her. They usually got together at Erin's condo. Erin bought the condo because she couldn't stand being home when her husband was entertaining, which, from what Erin told Susan, was almost every night. 

I brought up counseling and we did give it try. We stayed in the house together but slept in different bedrooms. After a couple months, it became apparent we wouldn't be able to work things out. Susan foolishly didn't want to give up her thing with Erin and didn't feel comfortable including me, not that I wanted to be included. Erin was apparently all for including me which clearly upset Susan. I had no interest in threesomes. I only wanted Susan. I wanted Erin out of the picture completely, which Susan wouldn't accept at the time.

Susan moved into the condo with Erin temporarily once we gave up on counseling and after Erin filed for divorce. Derek initially contested it but backed off when a messenger service delivered a packet of graphic photos to his office, courtesy of Erin's lawyer. Derek's secretary signed for the delivery and opened the envelope thinking it was hospital business. Erin had hired a security company to install hidden video cameras that downloaded to the Cloud while Derek was out of town.

The settlement Erin's lawyer extracted effectively castrated Derek financially. Erin was one helluva of vindictive bitch. And hypocrite. While Derek was tom-catting with every gay man he could entice to his home, Erin was busy spreading her legs for any woman or man that struck her fancy.

Susan eventually filed for divorce, though I wanted to wait a while longer to see if we could reconcile. The whole thing was amicable considering the circumstances. No children, no child support. We had similar earnings so alimony wasn't an issue. The house sold for a nice profit and we split the proceeds. We each kept our own savings accounts. We both signed away our claim to the other's 401K. And then we went our separate ways. 

Susan showed up at my furnished apartment to say goodbye the night before I left for Boston and we visited for a while over a pot of decaf. We hadn't seen each other in about eight weeks. She and Erin weren't together any longer. Erin liked women but really loved getting fucked by a hard cock. Susan wasn't sure where she was going with her sex life but knew she didn't want to get involved in any more FFM threesomes. And she definitely didn't ever again want eat an unknown man's cum from Erin's pussy. 

After our visit, I wished her well and walked her to her car before turning in for the night. The visit had been friendly and cordial, but strained. Susan made no move to initiate a hug or a kiss goodbye, and neither did I. She was crying when she left. I started my drive to Boston the next morning and never looked in the rearview mirror until I was in New Mexico.

I pulled into Pinetop and stopped to pick up some groceries before going to the cabin. My rented Jaguar F-Type was below a quarter tank so I stopped and filled up at a new convenience store. It was still about fifteen miles on steep, winding mountain roads before I got to the cabin. I was thirsty so after gassing up, I went inside and grabbed a bottle of water and a granola bar. 
