 This story embellishes on several characters introduced in my story "The Loving Porn Queen" (see Chapters 4 and 5 especially). I dedicate this to all the Pixies I have known and loved. Of course, I encourage you to read the earlier chapter to this story so you'll better understand what's happening and who's who. Enjoy, vote and please comment.

*

I felt extremely comfortable waking up naked with the Pixie cradled in my arms. Sunlight streamed in the window of her bedroom. She was still asleep. I kissed her tousled hair and pulled her closer to me. My God she had an exciting body, yet so did Joy my other love interest. They were significantly different but each excited and aroused in their own way and I loved them both dearly and without bias.

I gently slid from around Mel and lowered myself down her body. I draped one of her sexy legs over my shoulder and lightly ran my tongue around the outside of her mons. I could watch her autonomic responses as various muscle groups automatically relaxed or engaged. 

I lightly flicked the very tip of her clitoris. An almost inaudible moan came from the Pixie. I licked her entire slit, still moist with the juices from our intercourse the night before and again in the middle of the night. I didn't care. She tasted divine and I wanted her again and again.

I focused on her clit, trying to suck on the little stub just the way she could suck on my cock, only in miniature. I noted that I sported a significant hard-on by this time. As I sucked I watched Mel's eyes flutter open. 

"Oh, Doug, I'll give you all morning to stop that. Hell, all day!" The initially sleepy voice gave way to one more impassioned as she spoke.

I nodded and thrust some fingers into her as I continued to eat her. She spoke again, "Oh, you are going to make Katie so happy to meet you tonight. Dan is nowhere near as adept as you are at eating pussy -- or even just making love. She confided in me that she hopes he'll learn something from the two of us. I might add that you'll love her taste. She's divine. Plus she's right, he needs some tutoring in lovemaking."

I came up over Mel and sank my rod into her tunnel. We worked at our lovemaking only briefly before we both came. 

"So what's your plan for today," I asked a few minutes later as I held Mel in a loving embrace. 

"Completely open," she said. "Except I'd like to keep fucking you every opportunity I get."

"Sounds like a plan to me," I replied. After a pause I suggested, "Between main events I'd like to see Rockport and Gloucester if we have time and take some pictures; you know, do touristy things for a couple of hours. I'd also like to go to some big and relatively new apartment complexes and take a look at some of their units. I want to get some ideas for work."

"Both easily arranged," Mel answered as she ran her fingers through my chest hair. "You know you are so manly." She kissed me. "And we should take a shower -- together."

"What will your parents think," I asked, ignoring the obvious -- the fact that we'd been sleeping together all night long. I wondered if I'd have the tolerance her parents did if my daughter showed up with a boyfriend and proceeded to sleep with him.

Mel pondered my question and answered, "That we're in love and horny, or is it horny and in love. Doesn't matter; same end result. Come on."

*

I felt a little sheepish when the two of us finally descended and meandered into the kitchen. Both of Mel's parents were there enjoying coffee and reading the newspaper before they headed off to work.

Mel's Mom spoke first, "Good morning you sleepy heads. I hope you both slept well."

"Good morning," came from her Dad. He shot me a glance that assured me he knew I had violated his daughter at least once sometime during the night. Then again, maybe I just felt guilty.

I mumbled something about sleeping just fine. Unseen, Mel jabbed me in the ribs as she told her parents what our plans for the day were. 

"Doug wants to see Rockport and Gloucester, so I thought we'd borrow a car, if that's all right, and go and have lunch there. He wants to take some photos. Then he wants to see some modern apartments similar to the one where we live in Columbus. I told you he's working this summer doing renovations to some of the units, and he wants ideas. He's also going to be the on-premises guy for maintenance once school starts."

Mel's parents talked briefly about how they could arrange their commute so we had a car at our disposal. That problem solved, Mel's Dad engaged me in a discussion about my handyman skills. Soon the two of us were laughing about my inexperience and some of the creative plumbing I'd done the first week. I relaxed a little and the obvious fact that I'd been fucking his daughter seemed to fade from our thoughts.

The day was pristine and perfect for photography. Of course, Mel ended up in most of my photographs. I seemed to have a fixation. We both called Joy while we sat outside at a little bistro but she couldn't talk too long as she was in the midst of preparing for the afternoon wedding she was in. We did telephone kisses and the afternoon returned to just the two of us. 

Mel later drove us into Wakefield and Reading and we found two large and new apartment complexes to look at. We pretended like we were imminent renters and went through units of various sizes and floor layouts. I got some wonderful ideas for expanding the available space in some of the units by knocking out full walls and using half-walls or counters as room dividers. I didn't think much of the colors in any of the units we saw; most were all plain white and thus boring. I told Mel about what Joy was doing with color wheels and contrasting walls in the same room. She couldn't wait to see everything.

We got back to Mel's house about five o'clock. Her parents arrived moments later from their nearby jobs. The four of us sat down together and I showed them the hundred or so photos I'd taken that day, including the pictures in the apartments and my ideas for renovations where I was working.

Inside my hormones were raging for a number of reasons. Periodically, when her parents weren't watching or had left the room, Mel plastered her lithe body against mine and laid kiss after hot kiss on me. Further, she reminded me often of how fucking hot her friend Katie was and how I would really enjoy grinding my beef stick -- as she took to calling it that afternoon -- into her nubile body. Occasionally, she would describe how hot I would feel watching Dan's cock surging in and out of her pussy. The way she talked aroused me and I struggled with hiding my hard-on when her parents would reappear.

I told Mel she was raising expectations that Katie wouldn't meet and that I was sure to be disappointed. Further I assured her that no one could measure up to her in so many ways. Mel made me get specific and itemize as many ways that I could. I ran out of praise for the Pixie's many virtues and positive attributes after about five minutes of rapid talking. My God, I'm a good bullshit artist! We both laughed over some of my exaggerated compliments.

As we sat talking to her parents about my carpentry work and Joy's painting, I found that every other second I courted a sexual thought. I wondered that I could even function I was so in heat. I knew what they meant when they say a guy thinks with his dick.

I wondered about my mention of Joy's name, however, they seemed to accept the mention as though it was natural that I shared the same friends as Mel. Her Mom even asked about Joy's use of contrasting colors when I mentioned it. One result was that I promised to e-mail pictures of our new apartment.

Mel's Dad asked me, "What will you and Joy do if Mel doesn't like the new apartment?" It was a question asked with true curiosity yet perhaps a sense of jest. I saw all sorts of land mines in how I answered that question; my brain came to screeching halt and I'm sure I exhibited that deer in the headlight look.

I took the question seriously and my reply seemed to prove something to the three of them sitting there. I told them, "If Mel doesn't like it, the three of us will find something we all like and that's where we'll live." 

My knees sort of knocked together. There it was out in the open -- the fact that three of us would live together. All sorts of implications followed from my statement.

The Pixie beamed one of her most radiant smiles at me. She said to her Dad, "That's how we think, because we love each other. But I know that Joy and Doug picked the apartment thinking of how they loved me and so I know I'll really like it."

My knees clanged together even more loudly. The Pixie had put the icing on the cake. Now it was on the table that we not only lived together but that we all loved each other. I knew that both her parents appreciated all the implications of Mel's use of the word "Love".

Her Dad nodded with a sense of finality. Her Mom actually had a tear in her eye. She reached forward and squeezed both our hands and said, "You guys are so nice together -- all of you. Bring Joy the next time you come visit. You can even have the big bed in our room; we'll use the guest room."

I couldn't believe my ears or the implications of all that had just transpired. Mel's Mom had actually said, "We bless your threesome."

I think I stammered out something like, "Oh, sure," and then the conversation migrated back to fixing up apartments and condos as a fulltime business and whether work like that could be viable in a shaky real estate market.

We excused ourselves from dinner with her parents as Mel had made it known that we were 'double dating' with Dan and Katie. No details were provided except that we might 'crash over at Katie's place' if we got too tired after watching four or five movies. I detected a certainty in my not returning to Mel's house that night.

*

Katie was a vision of heavenly loveliness -- a mix of the girl next door and seductress. Mel's friend had almost red hair in pageboy haircut complete with big bangs that came down to her eyebrows. Her face was round with a small mouth that held sparkling white teeth that she kept flashing in a beautiful smile. Her blue eyes were offset by a bevy of freckles across her cheeks and up-turned nose that tilted the balance of opinion towards a hometown girl. 

What tilted the scale even further in her favor was her near-perfect body. She stood about five-foot-three, was thin and not a person you could call busty by any stretch of the imagination. Nonetheless, she knew how to work with what she had; a scoop-neck blouse plunged perilously low across her braless chest, teasing each person she met, while her midriff showed just a tasteful couple of inches around her hip-hugger jeans. 

Dan stood about five-ten and I pegged him as wrestler; he had that stocky yet muscular stance where his trapezoidal body balanced above narrow hips and muscular legs. He sported dark hair that still showed a trace of hair gel in its styling. Two tattoos graced his forearms: one a star and the other a Gordian knot. He too sported a few freckles on his cheeks and nose, giving him that down home look as well. He was wearing a Dave Matthews Band T-shirt, jeans and well-worn deck shoes.

Dan and Katie greeted us at the door to Katie's house -- actually her parent's home. After introductions were made the four of us headed out to a Tex-Mex restaurant called On The Border in Woburn. We talked and I got to know the new pair as we waited for a table. Dan was a sophomore and Katie a freshman at U. Mass Amherst about 90 miles west of Boston. Dan had chosen engineering and she computer technology as majors. 

As we talked I kept testing myself to see if I could really be interested in Katie -- sexually. She flirted with me in a dozen small ways, almost reading my mind and subtly offering herself up to me in front of her boyfriend. At our table she insisted on our making contact with our legs under the table. The contact wasn't particularly sexual, just the growing familiarity of our body parts touching. 

Mel flirted with everyone she came in contact with -- male and female. Thus, when I watched her with Dan, I realized she already had him on the hook and was reeling him in, so to speak. I chuckled to myself and smiled seeing how happy she seemed with her long-time friends.

We lingered over dinner, everyone but Mel apparently nervous about where the rest of the evening would take us. I thought it was a foregone conclusion that we'd have sex in some way, at least that was the impression that Mel had given me. As dinner progressed I realized that Dan was the most nervous of the group followed closely by Katie.

I turned to Katie at one point and asked, "Am I to understand we're heading back to your house after dinner?" I tried to make the question neutral and one that she could answer to anyway she wanted.

Katie blushed immediately. "Yes," she whispered as she rubbed her leg against mine. "I'm nervous, and so is Dan, but we want to do this -- to ... to ... to be with you two."

I nodded acceptance of her answer, however, after a pause she went on.

"Dan and I have only ever had sex with each other, well until a week ago with Mel. I know we're both pretty inexperienced and, from Mel, that you guys are expert. We're both hoping to learn ... well, to learn how to love each other better."

I couldn't help it; I burst out laughing. "Oh, Katie, I love you already. You're funny. Mel and I are a little more experienced and we do practice a lot. I definitely am not an expert. I learn something new everyday and many times I wonder if I'm nothing but a horny clod."

Katie grinned at my response.

I went on, "Mel gave me a book a few months ago -- the Joy of Sex. I've been an avid student of what the book presents and I've also read several other 'technique' books including the Kuma Sutra and a book about Tantric Sex. If you feel inadequate, you shouldn't. If you want to spice up your sex lives, you've picked one way to do it by what you've apparently signed on for tonight, but there are other ways and other approaches."

She said to me, "Well, anything you can teach us would be great." She paused, turned to the others and asked, "I've finished my drink; shall we go?" 

Heads nodded around the table so we left. The drive home was remarkably quiet. I think each of us thought about the coming evening in our own way. Mel spoke the most on the way home, but often just to comment on some sight we passed by.

Katie's home -- or rather that of her parents -- was a comfortable split-level from the 1950s that had been completely modernized several years before. The lowest floor that was finished contained a large family and media room, as well as a fully stocked bar. Two large modern sofas graced the room together with a mix of tables and chairs of various heights.

Katie led the way to the comfortable room. Dan asked, "Can I get someone a drink? Anything?" His voice betrayed a further tremor of nervousness that hadn't been there over dinner.

"A small glass of Grand Marnier for me, please," I asked. Katie passed and Mel was rummaging in her large purse for something. Dan moved to prepare my liqueur.

"Ah, here they are," Mel finally announced. She held up two DVDs and asked Katie, "Have you guys watched porn together?"

"No, never," Katie replied. "Dan visits some web sites every now and then but I don't frequent them."

"Well, tonight we're all going to learn from some experts as we learn from each other," Mel said. "I found a special in the adult store of these two videos so I bought them. One's called Love Comes Twice and the other is Trial and Error. These are the X-versions, but they've also been released as R-versions. The latter ones won the Sundance Film Festival last year."

Dan came to Mel and examined the pair of DVDs. "I'll put this one in the player. I think it was done first." He went to the TV and DVD player and worked for a moment until the opening titles for Love Comes Twice started to roll across the screen.

I took my liqueur and sat beside Katie. I leaned in a kissed her and she willingly kissed back. Next I took a sip of the strong orange liqueur. Katie watched me as I set the small glass on the coffee table. In a single smooth move I turned to her and embraced her again, this time kissing her and gently forcing my tongue into her mouth. When she appeared to be used to our French kiss, I jetted some of the orange fluid from my mouth into hers.

I felt Katie's body stiffen for an instant then heard a low growl from deep within her. She thrust her tongue deep into my mouth, forcing me to withdraw and enjoy her assertiveness. After about a minute of our soul kiss we both came up for air.

"Wow!" Katie exclaimed. "That was really sexy. Where'd you learn to do that?"

I shrugged as I ran a finger along her neck; "I think I read it somewhere in a book a couple of years ago."

"Have you done it with Mel or Joy?" she asked.

"No, I don't think the opportunity has come up yet."

"I feel very privileged," Katie whispered as she leaned in a kissed me again. "Will you do it to me again?"

I picked up the glass and took another sip of the strong sweet liquid. Katie was right there waiting for me to assail her lips and mouth and I didn't disappoint. Our French kiss and sharing of fluids lasted well over a minute.

When we broke, Katie said, "You make me feel that everywhere in my body -- especially in my pussy. Did you know it had that effect?"

"I was hoping," I said with a grin as I stroked her neck again.

I glanced over at Mel and Dan. They were making out and I watched as Mel took Dan's hand and planted it firmly against her breasts. Dan took the hint and started to massage her glorious breasts. I felt of surge of excitement go through my body in that instant.

My instincts told me to take my time and to romance Katie. When I turned back to her we kissed some more then I gently took her head and turned her so I could make love to her ears with kisses and my tongue.

As I ran my tongue around her neck and ears, and tugged gently on her lobes, she muttered, "Oh, Doug. You are so turning me on. I can just feel my sexual temperature rising higher than ever. We don't ... no one's ever ... I've never felt so hot." A minute later she said, "I can't believe you're doing this to me. Dan always just wants to get down to business." She sighed with pleasure.

I repressed my urge to jump her pretty bones. I ran my tongue and kisses around the back of her neck, lifting her hair to give me access to what I knew were oft forgotten erogenous zones. Then I took another quick sip of the liquid fire and returned to her lips for another French kiss. This time she moaned her acceptance as she opened to welcome my tongue in her mouth. 

I allowed my kisses to drift down her slim angular neck. She lifted her head skyward so I could have open access. I kissed along the edge of her blouse and across her upper chest, resisting the urge to start unbuttoning right away. 

A small voice whispered near my ear on one of my forays across her chest, "Oh Doug, please stop teasing. Remove my blouse."

The light blouse buttoned up the front with a series of narrowly spaced buttons; I knew she was braless. While I could have probably lifted the seductive fabric over her head in one move, I instead undid only the top two buttons, fumbling on purpose to delay the inevitable. As the small new patch of skin became revealed in her modest cleavage I leaned in and kissed and tongued the area, blowing hot air down into the blouse aimed in the direction of one breast.

I undid another two buttons very slowly and repeated my ploy. Katie moaned and stroked my head. After another two buttons I could easily have pulled the fabric apart and had ready access to her lovely breasts. Instead I kept the fabric together near her centerline and cleavage and confined my kisses and licks to the same area.
