 This is the second part of a four-part story. It might make a bit more sense to start on the first chapter, but feel free to do whatever you want. We're all adults here.

As are all the characters in this story, of course.




The transition from all-out orgy back to standard summer-time party was so sudden it almost felt weird to have clothes on and a beer in my hand. I was baffled at everyone's apparent ease with what we had just done, amazed at how casual they remained after what had been by far the most non-standard sexual experience of my life.

My balls ached from their exertion, and even my cock was a little sore. That constant reminder of our activities made it hard for me to focus on drinking games.

When we decided to move outside to sit around the fire, Jack stopped me in the kitchen while the others made their way out to the yard.

"Are you okay with all of this, Will? You seem a little preoccupied."

I shrugged, searched for the words, then stopped. Was I really about to acknowledge all of this by putting it into words?

"Did you know something like this was going to happen when you invited me up here?"

He nodded. "Something like this has been happening every year now since I was eighteen, when Sophie and I first got together. I took a chance on inviting you, because I thought you needed the vacation mostly, but I was also pretty sure you could handle everything else."

"Jack," I said, exasperation raising the pitch of my voice. "I just fucked your girlfriend!"

"Did you enjoy it?" He raised his eyebrows. "It sure looked like you did, and I know Sophie had fun. Shit. She's been talking about it ever since I suggested we invite you."

"And you're okay with that?"

"Yes," he said.

He must have seen the disbelief in my face.

"Will, I'm okay with it," he said. "More than okay with it, I thought it was sexy as fuck."

"Excellent pun, actually," I said.

"Thanks," he grinned. "And in case you didn't notice, it's not like I didn't get to have plenty of fun for myself too. This is Todd and Becky's first time coming up to the cabin with us, but not their first time, you know, having sex with us."

I was starting to feel better, but we still hadn't talked about the other thing.

"Don't worry," Jack said. "Nobody's ever going to hear about what you do up here from any of us."

I nodded. "I'm not worried about that. It's just..."

"Yeah man, I was a little confused the first time too. It was a pretty long time ago for me, so it seems almost silly now, but... well, it's fun. Don't you think? If you hated it, that's fine, nobody gets forced to do anything they don't want to. But wasn't it kind of awesome?"

"Sometimes the things that seem awesome when you have a hard-on aren't so awesome later on," I said. And while that might have been true, I was trying to hide the fact that I really had enjoyed it. Really enjoyed it.

"Yeah, that's true," Jack said. "So let's put it this way. As long as you're up here, and as long as it's all consensual, try whatever crazy idea you want. You never know what you'll end up liking. Okay?"

I nodded. "Okay, that's totally reasonable."

"Good," he said. "Now didn't you say you were going to bring a bottle of bourbon? Best camp fire liquor there is, in my opinion."

I chuckled. "You know I don't need an excuse for bourbon. I'll go get it."

* * *

We spent the later hours of Sunday night, our first full day at the cabin, sitting around the fire, passing the bottle, and laughing our asses off. I felt a great deal of relief after my talk with Jack, and even though it was a little awkward at first to look Todd in the eye, I gradually relaxed completely.

"So what's with this Felicia person you guys keep talking about?" I said during a lull in the conversation.

Sophie laughed. "Aren't you the curious one."

"She's the third leg of our tripod," Becky said. "We've been friends since high school."

"That's cool," I said, nodding my head. "Just curious."

"What my incredibly beautiful girlfriend failed to mention," Todd said, "is that Felicia is an absolute knock-out."

"Seriously," Jack agreed. "Like, impossible-hot."

Sophie slapped his arm, but she was smiling.

"Sorry babe," Jack said. "But I'm telling you, Will. Just, wow."

"They're right," Sophie said.

"I haven't heard anything so far I don't like," I said. "Although I find it hard to believe she's hotter than you two."

"Awww," Becky cooed. "Todd, can I keep him?"

* * *

On Monday, it rained. After breakfast, I sat on the couch reading one of the paperbacks I had packed into my luggage.

"Well, this is lame," Jack said, looking out the window at the gray, choppy water of the lake.

"Yeah, bummer," I said.

"Anybody need anything at the store? Might as well make a trip into town since we won't be getting on the boat any time soon."

"I'm all set," I said.

"I'll go with you," Todd said. "I want to see if I can find some better fishing gear. That stuff in the boat house is a little iffy."

"Excellent," Jack said. "Ladies? Store run?"

"No thanks," Becky said. "I've heard enough stories about the locals."

"What's the matter?" Jack said, a mischievous grin on his face. "You don't like the toothless hunch-back crowd?"

"I'll stay here too," Sophie said. "Probably get the chili simmering nice and early."

"Nice," I said. "How spicy do you make your chili?"

"She likes to take the finish off the stainless steel pot," Jack said. He leaned over to kiss Sophie, and Todd followed suit with Becky.

"Oh!" I jumped up and fished a twenty out of my pocket. "How about some cheap cigars?"

"Good idea," Todd said.

Jack took my cash, and they left.

"How far is it into town?" I asked Sophie.

"About forty-five minutes each way."

"Yikes," I said. "I hope nobody steps on a nail or anything."

Sophie went to the kitchen to get started on her special chili-from-hell recipe, and I got lost in my book for a while. It must have been close to an hour later when I finally noticed that the bumps and clangs from the kitchen had stopped, and I could smell Sophie's creation wafting into the living room.

I set down my book and stepped into the kitchen to look for a snack when I heard the giggle coming from down the hall. I followed the sound past Todd and Becky's room, which was empty, and looked into Jack and Sophie's room, also unoccupied. On the other side of the hall was my bedroom. They had left the door open.

Sophie and Becky were tangled together on my bed in nothing but their bras, and they were busy eating each other's pussies. I stood in the doorway and smiled, watching them squirm and moan as they pleasured each other. My shorts began to tent, and I adjusted myself for comfort. By the time they saw me standing there, I was fully erect, and absently rubbing myself through my shorts.

Becky looked up from Sophie's pussy and her face showed the evidence of her friend's arousal. She smiled at me and rolled off of Sophie. Sophie sat up, leaving her legs spread wide, panting at the obvious pleasure she had been receiving. I looked at their bodies, naked except for their tits, still encased in colorful bras.

Becky reached up under the front of her bra and twisted her fingers, and the garment popped open; the pressure of her tits squeezed into the cups sent them spilling out, and they bounced on her chest as she shrugged the straps off of her shoulders and tossed it to the floor. She remained on the bed, standing on her knees next to Sophie, and beckoned me forward with a hooked finger, cupping her huge tits and twisting and pinching her nipples.

I peeled off my t-shirt and moved to the foot of the bed. Becky dropped to her hands and knees and worked to unbutton my shorts, while Sophie reached behind her back and unhooked her own bra. I took Sophie's hand and pulled her close to me and kissed her. She returned it eagerly, and our tongues pressed together just as Becky pulled my shorts down. I kicked them off while I palmed Sophie's tits and continued to probe my tongue into her mouth. Becky grabbed my cock through the stretched material of my boxers and gave it a tug before she pulled down my underwear, which ended up on the floor with all of the other clothes.

I knee-walked up onto the bed, my cock pointing out straight in front of me, and Becky grabbed it, pulling me forward.

"Is this cool to do while the guys aren't here?" I asked.

"Don't worry about it," Sophie said before she kissed me again. "And besides, if they get back soon enough, they can join right in."

Becky started sucking my cock, and I moaned into Sophie's mouth. I let my hands explore her body, squeezing her tits, her ass, feeling the ample moisture of her pussy. My touches elicited moans from Sophie and she broke the contact of our lips and sank down beside Becky, who was sucking the head of my cock while she pumped her hand up and down the shaft.

Sophie and Becky licked up and down either side of my cock, stopping at the top to kiss each other and take turns sucking on the purple head. They alternated up and down, so that when Sophie had the tip in her mouth, Becky was licking and sucking on my balls.

"Oh my god, you guys," I said. "That feels fucking incredible."

"Good," Sophie said, pulling back. "You can have more after you make us feel good." She lay back on the bed in front of me, and Becky followed suit. Now I was faced with the difficult prospect of deciding which delicious pussy I was going to get my tongue into first.

"What did you have in mind?" I smiled, knowing exactly what she wanted, but hoping to make her say it.

"Um, lick my pussy till I tell you to stop, numb-nuts," Becky quipped.

I smiled and looked at Sophie as I lowered my face between Becky's legs. I caught a flash of frustration cross Sophie's features, but she said nothing as I snaked out my tongue and licked deeply into Becky's pussy.

"Oh fuck," Becky squealed. "Oh fuck yes!"

The taste of her arousal filled me with a ravenous urge to make both of them cum in my mouth. I slid my left hand under Becky's ass and squeezed just as I reached up with my right to take hold of her big heaving breast. I locked my lips around her clit and sucked it before dedicating my concentration to licking her to climax.

"Oh Jesus Fuck, just like that!"

Sophie squirmed beside us, moaning along in sync and touching herself. I slowly increased the pace of my tongue on Becky's clit, and she increased the frequency and magnitude of the thrusts of her hips. She pushed up, grinding her pussy against my mouth, then pulled back down so I had to follow in order to keep my tongue on her. Her pussy juices flowed into my mouth and down over my chin as I tried to use my hand-holds on her ass and tits to keep my mouth in place. I started humming with both the pleasure and the physical effort and was finally rewarded with a sudden tightening of Becky's entire body. She pulled back hard and thrashed silently on the bed as her orgasm radiated out from her center.

After several silent seconds, she finally took in a huge breath and fell back on the bed, panting. "Oh my god that was perfect," she sighed. "That was so fucking good." She raised her hands to her big tits, squeezing them gently as she caught her breath. I climbed up on the bed and crawled over her, and locked my mouth on hers in a furious kiss that allowed the taste of her cum to pass into her own mouth. My cock rested against her dripping opening and I had to fight back the urge to bury myself in her cunt right then.

"God you taste good," I said when our lips parted.

I moved off of Becky and onto Sophie and began by kissing her, giving her a taste of the remnant of her friend's orgasmic fluids. I moved slowly down her body, enjoying the feel of her tits against my chest, the taste of her skin and her hands and fingernails on my back. I stopped at her chest to enjoy the taste and feel of her breasts against my face and in my mouth. I let my cock drag across her pussy as I moved down, feeling her wetness cover the underside of my shaft.

When I finally found myself facing her pussy, she was nearly quivering with anticipation. I started slowly, lightly; I tasted Sophie's pussy and enjoyed her small bursts of pleasurable reaction. Of course, slow and light was not going to get the ultimate job done, but I needed time to figure out what she liked, and what really got her fired up. I didn't just want her to be aroused, I wanted her to cum.

I explored Sophie's pussy, licking, sucking, and tasting my way up and back down her dripping pink opening. I listened to her breathing and her occasional moans, felt the movements of her body, and worked to focus on the spots and touches that gave her the most pleasure. As the minutes ticked by, Sophie's moans became gasps, her gentle writhing became shuddering and bucking. Becky had fully recovered from her own orgasm, and she set to work licking and sucking Sophie's tits while I licked and sucked harder and faster on her pussy.

"AH!" Sophie shrieked. "Oh holy FUCK!"

I had to hold onto her hips to keep my face latched onto her pussy. My face was covered in her juices, and I let them wash over my tongue.

"Oh right there!" Sophie cried. "Just like that! I'm gonna fucking cum!"

I maintained my exact position and technique, listening to Sophie howl with delight and trying to stay with her as she moved.

"Oh holy fuck I'm cumming! FUCK! I'M CUMMING!"

I finally pulled back and licked my lips. My face was covered with Sophie's cum. I watched as the throws of orgasm worked through her body, Becky holding her and kissing her neck.

I stood up, my cock pointing straight up in front of me, and crawled back onto the bed. Becky rose to meet me and took my cock into her mouth. She sucked hard and deep, covering my entire length with her saliva. I groaned as I watched her work my prick in her mouth and it almost became a groan of disappointment when she moved back again. She lay on her back next to Sophie and pulled her knees up and apart, opening her soaking wet pussy.

I took the base of my cock in my fist and aimed the angry purple head down. Pushing forward, I slid inside Becky's cunt, causing us both to gasp in delight.

"So fucking good," I groaned.

"Fuck me, Will," Becky gasped. "Fuck me hard!"

I pushed forward until I was buried to the hilt in Becky's hot, juicing pussy. Lowered my face to her chest to suck on her magnificent tits. With her nipple in my mouth, I slowly withdrew my cock until just the tip was still inside her, then I slammed my hips forward and Becky growled her approval. I got myself upright again, and held Becky's hips as I continued to repeat the process, slowly pulling almost all of my cock out of her before thrusting hard back into her pussy.

Sophie, recovered from her orgasm, but still flushed and sweaty, got up behind me and pressed her tits into my back. She pushed forward with me, driving my cock even harder into Becky's pussy.

"Do you like how her pussy feels on your big beautiful cock?" Sophie whispered into my ear. "Do you like fucking that tight little cunt and watching those tits bounce around?"

"Oh fuck yes," I moaned.

"Fuck her good, Will. Fuck her like you fucking mean it!"

That sent me over the edge of control. I abandoned any attempts to slow down my thrusts. I lifted Becky's ass up off the bed and pounded my cock into her pussy.

"Holy fuck you're gonna make me cum again!" Becky screamed. I didn't know how much longer I'd be able to sustain this pace without losing it myself. Becky saved me the worry when she arched her back and closed her eyes, pulling herself back and dislodging my cock. With her eyes squeezed shut and her mouth open in a silent scream, Becky rubbed hard on her clit and tumbled back onto the bed. She took in a huge breath and screamed, "FUCK!" before collapsing in a panting, sweaty heap.

I smiled and turned to Sophie, my cock still granite-hard and shining with Becky's cum. Sophie got down onto the floor on all fours, facing the door, so I got down behind her and she helped my guide the head of my cock into her opening. Her own pussy juices combined with Becky's allowed me to bury my cock inside her in one powerful stroke.

"Oh fuck yes, give me that fucking cock!" Sophie screamed.

I pulled back on her hair, arching her back and we both looked up to see Jack and Todd standing just outside my bedroom. 

They didn't say a word, just started pulling off their clothes and dropping them as they went. Their cocks were already fully hard, and Todd dropped down and presented his to Sophie, who muffled her own moaning by taking his big stiff prick into her mouth. Jack moved to the bed, and Becky met him at the edge, spreading her legs apart so he could enter her.

I refocused my attention on Sophie. Reaching under her body, I took hold of her tits and resumed my hard strokes, thrusting my cock deep into her clenching pussy while she moaned and wailed onto Todd's cock. The physical and visual stimulation together were too much. I threw back my head and roared as my balls tightened and began sending thick hot spurts of cum spurting from my cock and deep into Sophie's pussy. Sophie worked her fingers over her clit just as the final thrusts of my cock brought her to another orgasm, and her pussy clenched down hard on my cock, squeezing out even more of my cum.

Panting with the exertion, I withdrew my slowly shrinking cock from Sophie's pussy and sat back against the wall to watch as she quickly rolled over and ordered Todd to fuck her. Todd was more than eager to obey, and her quickly buried his cock in Sophie's sodden pussy. I watched my cum leak out around his cock as he fucked her, marveling at his apparent disregard for coming into contact with another man's seed.

Just because I had sucked this man's cock the day before, didn't mean I was completely over my inhibitions. It was almost as if Jack could sense what I was thinking about.

"Oh Jesus, I'm gonna cum," he cried. He pulled his cock out of Becky's pussy, and moved off the bed. I sat stunned as I watched Todd open his mouth just in time for a thick rope of cream to launch out of Jack's cock. Todd caught it in his mouth, then closed his lips around the head of Jack's cock and sucked and swallowed as Jack continued to cum.

In just a couple of minutes I had returned to full hardness. I watched, slowly stroking my prick as Todd swallowed every drop of Jack's cum. He did so without missing so much as a single beat as he continued to fuck Sophie. Finally spent, Jack sat back down on the bed next to Becky, watching Todd fuck his girlfriend.

Becky looked at me and beckoned me over. "I'm not ready to stop fucking," she said. Jack smiled and made room for us, and Becky positioned herself on her hands and knees so we could watch Todd and Sophie while we fucked. I took my time, slowly sinking my cock back into Becky's pussy. Jack looked back and forth, watching Todd and Sophie, then me and Becky fuck.

I reached under Becky to hold a huge swinging tit in my hand, and used the fingertips of the other to rub on her clit while I slammed my cock into her pussy from behind. The room was filled with the girls' filthy encouragements. "Fuck me" and "give me that cock" and "so fucking good" were joined by the sounds of hips slapping into asses.

"Does that cock feel good, baby?" Jack crooned to Sophie.

"I fucking love it!" Sophie gasped.

"Oh my god, Will, you fuck me so good!" Becky wailed.

I felt another orgasm quickly approaching. Becky's pussy clamped down on my cock, sending blinding pleasure coursing through my body. The churning in my balls built slowly, but inevitably.

"Oh shit, I'm so close," Todd groaned. "I'm gonna cum. Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!"

Todd pulled his cock out of Sophie's cunt and stood up. Leaving me just on the edge of eruption, Becky jumped off the bed and dove onto her boyfriend's cock just as he started spurting. I was past the point of no return and moved to grab my cock to finish myself off when Jack was suddenly there. He closed his lips around the head of my cock and sucked hard. I froze in a mix of shock and pleasure as I exploded in his mouth. Jack worked my cock in his mouth as it fired off blast after blast of hot spunk. He gulped and swallowed my cum, just as Becky was drinking down Todd's.
