 His legs were twisted around hers like a pretzel. Their arms pushed and pulled at each other, and their hands fondled various parts of each others bodies. Their mouths were locked together like a pair of suction cups.

Stan shoved his hips forward again, jamming his cock deeper into Kate's pussy. They rolled to the edge of the bed, almost falling off. She was having an orgasm as he rolled on top of her and she rolled on top of him, then he rolled on top of her again. Finally, his cum gushed into her, and they stopped rolling. She started giggling.

"What?" Stan said.

"Nothing," she said, and began to giggle again. She had him locked between her legs and ground herself on his penis, which was still hard inside her.

"What?" he said, giggling with her.

She took a deep breath, but the thought only made her giggle more.

"I was just thinking about a fantasy I had," she said.

"About what?"

"About you."

"Really? Tell me about it."

She took a deep breath.

"Ok. I'm a prisoner on a pirate ship. The ship I was on has just been raided and they took me as one of the prizes before they burned the ship. I'm a princess from a distant country, and a virgin. I was travelling on the ship to a kingdom where I was going to marry the prince and bear his children, but the pirates changed that when they killed most of the men on the ship. I was the only girl."

She paused. He was pumping his hips slowly, sliding his cock in and out of her pussy.

"Don't stop now," he said.

"Ok. I'm on the pirate ship for six days, tied to the mast on the deck. They have only given me bread and water, and I am desperately frightened."

"Are these pirates cannibals?"

"No, don't be silly," she said with a playful slap. His cock felt good, and it was difficult to concentrate. She moved her pelvis with the same motion as his.

"Where do I come in?"

"On the seventh day, one week after I'm taken prisoner, the pirate captain, you, John The Black, is looking at me. The front of my dress has been torn down the front, my face is dirty from the smoke, and my hair hangs in front of my eyes. John The Black is a tall man, six and a half feet tall, and nobody who opposes him ever lives to tell about it. He was once a wealthy man who was crossed by his government and exiled. He led a mutiny on the ship that was carrying him away from his land, and when he took command, no one tried to stop him, at least, no one who lived. He wears a black leather coat over a striped shirt, black leather pants with black leather boots. His face, forearms, and the exposed part of his chest are covered with thick, black, curly hair, and he looks as mean as a pitbull that hasn't been laid in a month."

Stan laughed.

"What happens?" he said.

"He unties me," she said.

"What?"

"All the other pirates on the deck are watching, but none of them dares to say anything to him, or it will cost them their lives. He takes me down to his cabin, the main cabin on the ship. I see a chair by the table and go to sit in it, but he rips off my dress."

"Ah," Stan said.

"Then he throws me on the bed and I'm like naked, and he starts to take off his clothes. There are no sheets on the bed, and I have nothing to cover myself up with. When he has his clothes off, I am shivering with fear. I've never seen a man naked, and I'm terribly frightened at what he's going to do."

"What does he do?" Stan said.

"He rapes me. And he keeps me as his slave."

"Oh shit yeah," Stan said and moaned.

His eyes closed and he came. Kate closed her eyes and moaned, enjoying the feel of his fresh cum filling her pussy and the throbbing of his cock in her channel. They were quiet for a minute or two, basking in the glow of their orgasms with their bodies intertwined.

"Tell me one of yours," she said.

He withdrew his cock from her pussy and she held the slimy, wet shaft against her belly.

"I don't know, it's pretty secret."

"So was mine. Come on, tell me. Am I in it?"

"Sort of," he said, and squirmed. "In my fantasy I make love with another man."

Her mouth fell open.

"No kidding? That's so wild. But I'm not in that."

He shook his head. "Fred is."

"What? You want to have sex with my ex-boyfriend? Oh my God. Wait until I tell him."

"Oh, no. Don't do that," Stan said.

"Why not?"

"He'll hate me. He'll think I'm gay."

She stared at him, then started to laugh.

"What are you laughing at?" he said.

"Come on. Everyone knows you're gay," she said.

"They do?"

She touched his cheek. "Sure. It's no big deal. Do you really want to fuck Fred?"

"Yes. No. I mean ... Ever since you told me how he's got ... You know ..."

"A big cock?"

"Yeah, that. I mean, I just ... I'd love to know how it feels to get fucked with that," he said.

"I bet I can talk him into it."

"How?"

She frowned and stared at the ceiling.

"I don't know. I'll think if something."

* * * *

Kate was sitting in Fred's watching him get dressed. She had her feet up on his desk and rocked her left leg side to side. He was putting on a shirt and a nice pair of pants. 

"I have a secret," she said.

"What?"

"I'd love to see you make it with another guy."

"What? Are you nuts?" he said.

"You like to watch me make it with other girls, right?"

"Yeah, so?"

"So, I want to see you make it with a guy."

He shook his head. "That's nuts."

"No more nuts than you wanting to see me with another girl."

He stood up and looked at her again.

"Who?" he said, his eyes narrow slits.

"Stan."

He laughed. "Stan? Are you serious? He's gay."

"Actually, he told me he'd like to do it with you."

Fred was suddenly speechless. The expression on his face was shock.

"Oh. But that doesn't mean I want to do it with him," he said.

"Come on, Fred. Do it for me if you won't do it for him," Kate said. She got up and went over to him and put her hands on his chest.

"That's so weird. That's such a crazy idea."

"Please," Kate said, sliding her thigh against the bulge in his pleated pants.

He sighed. "If Stan really wants me to do this... Ok," he said.

"Good. I'll let him know," Kate said.

* * * *

She made arrangements to meet at Stan's apartment that Friday night. When Friday finally arrived, Fred was so nervous he was shaking. He drove with Kate to Stan's place, but his palms were sweaty and his mouth was dry. How would he even be able to face Stan when they got there?

Kate walked ahead of Fred to Stan's door and pressed the doorbell button. Fred caught up to her a moment before Stan opened the door. He smiled at Kate.

"We're here," she said, and made her way inside.

"Hi Fred," Stan said.

"Hey," Fred said. He found himself behaving in a more masculine way, which only made him more uncomfortable.

"Come in. You want a beer?" Stan said.

"I think I need a whiskey."

"That's a good idea. I'll see what I can find."

Stan went to the kitchen. Fred sat on the couch beside Kate and let out a deep sigh.

"What's the matter?" she said.

"Nothing. Just a little nervous."

She patted his knee. "You'll do fine. I'm proud of you for trying it." She leaned close to his ear and kissed his cheek.

Stan returned with three cold bottles of beer.

"I'll be right back with the whiskey," he said, and set the beers down.

Fred cracked open his beer. By the time Stan returned with a bottle of whiskey and three shot glasses, his beer was half gone. His knee was trembling. Stan poured a small amount of the amber colored whiskey into the tiny glasses.

Kate put her hand on Fred's knee. He took a deep breath. The whole idea of what he was planning to do with Stan was just crazy. There were any number of girls he could call just to fuck. Why did he need to do it with another guy?

The threaded end of the whiskey bottle clinked on the rims of the shot glasses. Stan's hand was shaking. The room was awkwardly quiet. He spilled a few drops of whiskey on the wooden table, and he smiled at them, like he was trying to cover his embarrassment.

Fred raised his glass and poured it down his throat, then followed it with the rest of his beer. Kate giggled. Stan, on the other hand, calmly sipped the whiskey, until a drop poured down his chin and Kate began to laugh.

"Are you gonna finish your beer?" Fred said in a mumble.

"Don't touch my beer," she said in a stern voice, then laughed harder. "You two should see yourselves. You're like two women about to get married. You should act like you've been friends for a long time, because you have."

She drained her shot glass, coughed, drank her whole bottle of beer, stood up, and walked around the table to the center of the room. Fred looked at Stan, who shrugged.

She pulled her t-shirt off and tossed it on a chair. Her hair spilled back over her face and she shook it away with a quick toss of her head. She laughed. She unbuttoned her jeans, pulled the zipper down, peeled open the front like the skin of a banana, and let them fall to the floor in a clump around her ankles. Fred watched silently, enjoying the striptease.

Kate unclasped her bra and released her breasts from its snug grip. With a casual flick, she tossed it over her shoulder, and laughed again. Her nipples had stiffened to hard points and her tits jiggled when she laughed. She slipped her thumbs under the band of her panties and slowly pushed them off her hips and down her legs.

"I'm feeling horny so I'm going to the bedroom. Who's going with me?" she said.

"I will," Stan said, and stood up.

Fred let out a deep sigh. He was alone in the living room with a bottle of whiskey and Stan's full bottle of beer. They went into one of the rooms down the hall. Kate was giggling the whole time.

He reached for the bottle and forced his nervous hand to be steady as he filled the short glass to the rim. He raised the glass to his lips, arched his eyebrows when he heard Kate moan, and drank it down quickly. It burned his throat and the pit of his stomach as it went down. He let out another hard breath and reached for Stan's beer.

He sat for a minute listening to Kate's clear, very familiar passionate moans. They must have left the door open. She was doing it for his benefit, and it was working. His penis stirred and stiffened between his legs.

He got up, feeling a little wobbly, and started down the hallway. The door to Stan's bedroom was open. He stopped outside the door. Kate was laying across the bed. Her hair was spilled across a big, fluffy, blue pillow and her arms were stretched over her head. Her legs were spread and Stan's head was buried between them. She looked up and smiled.

"I think I'm gonna marry Stan," she said.

Stan looked up. "Why?"

"I told Fred that if I found a man who would eat me for an hour I'd marry him."

"You never said you'd marry me," Fred said.

"Does he eat you for an hour?" Stan said.

"This one time ate me so long I had so many orgasms I passed out."

She smiled at Fred again. Her eyes drifted down to the front of his pants, where he had a long hard on hanging.

"You still wanna do this?" she said.