 "I'm still here," he said with a shrug.

"Do you guys mind if I watch?" she said.

"It's fine with me," Stan said.

"Good," Kate said and giggled. "I'll just stay out of the way."

She propped one of the pillows against the wall and sat back with her legs spread and her fingers hovering over her pink slit. Her bangs hung down to her eyebrows. Fred's penis twitched in his pants.

Before he knew what he was doing, he was sitting next to Stan on the edge of his bed. It must have been the alcohol. How much did he drink, anyway? If he was still conscious for this, it must not have been enough. Stan was gazing into his eyes, and he was suddenly reluctant to go any further. Stan leaned forward with his mouth open and Fred leaned back.

"Can't we do this without kissing?" he murmured.

"Come on, Fred, just give me a kiss," Stan said.

"I just ... I just ..." Fred tried to say, but it sounded defensive.

Stan touched his lips lightly to his. He tensed, but didn't resist. Stan's tongue parted them and pushed into his mouth. He hesitated, then his tongue touched Stan's. The tension drained from his body like someone had pulled the plug from a sink. His eyes closed and his lips softened. Strangely, it was a lot like kissing a girl.

Stan's hand touched his chest. He squeezed his hard muscles and rubbed his nipples. Fred fell back on the bed and Stan fell with him. Stan's hand moved down over his rigid stomach muscles and settled on the hard bulge in his pants. He rubbed his long cock firmly and kissed him harder.

Stan pulled down the zipper of his jeans. His fingers pushed into the fly and wiggled through his pubic hair until they touched the hot skin of his cock. The room had become quiet as a tomb, except for the wet, sucking sound of Kate's fingers moving in and out of her pussy.

"I can't wait to feel your cum inside me," Stan said.

"That doesn't help," Fred said. Kate laughed.

"Sorry," Stan said.

He pushed Fred's jeans down and his cock flopped out. Stan's eyes bulged.

"Good Lord. It's huge. You could jack up a car with this thing."

"I told you it was big," Kate said.

"You told me it was big, you didn't tell me I could charge it rent. Seriously, he fucked you how many times with this thing? I have to feel sorry for you."

"You told him about my cock?" Fred said. Stan closed his warm hand around it and he gasped.

Kate shrugged. "Sure. I told everybody about it. I even told my Mom."

Fred propped himself up on his elbows.

"Have you done this before?" he said.

Stan's hand moved up and down on his cock and he was staring at it.

"Sure. But never anything this big. What am I supposed to do with this?"

"I think you should suck on it," Kate said.

Stan shrugged. "If you say so."

Stan got on his hands and knees and took the end of his cock in his mouth.

Fred groaned. His cock slid deeper and deeper into Stan's mouth, deeper than it had ever gone into any girl's mouth, including Kate's. He could feel it swelling in his mouth and getting harder. His head moved up and down slowly and he took even more of his cock, like he was trying to swallow the whole thing.

"Goddamn that feels good," Fred said, and his voice came out low like a croak.

Stan took his cock out of his mouth and licked the saliva from his lips.

"Fred, baby, I love sucking your cock," he said.

Fred groaned and covered his eyes with his hand.

"Oh man that sounds so corny. It never sounds corny when a girl says it," he said. He looked at Kate, hoping she might help, but she only shrugged.

"Jesus, baby. You really need to relax," Stan said.

He was pumping his cock with one hand and licked the head. He plunged his cock to the back of his mouth again and bobbed his head up and down.

"Damnit Stan. You're gonna make me cum," Fred said.

Stan didn't stop or slow down, but sucked harder and deeper. Fred's body tensed. He groaned, then grunted, and he was pumping his thick, heavy cum into his mouth. Stan's cheeks swelled out until the flow stopped, then he swallowed all of it. He smiled and had a few white droplets on his teeth and lips.

"You got sweet cum," Stan said, and licked the cum off the head of Fred's cock. "What did you think of that?"

"I don't know. That was pretty good. I thought you were gonna swallow my cock."

Stan held his cock out as if he was examining it.

"I love to deep throat cocks. I have a lot of ... friends I guess, who have big cocks and come to me just because I can swallow them. Your cock, though, I don't know. That's gonna take a little practice," he said.

"What do you wanna to do next?" Fred said.

"I want you to suck me," Stan said.

Fred made a disgusted face. "Are you gonna cum in my mouth?"

"Only if you want me to," Stan said, and stood up.

Fred sat up. "The first time you did this, did you let the other guy cum in your mouth?"

"Definitely. I wanted his cum."

Fred looked at Kate again.

"What about you?" he said.

Kate shook her head. "The first time I blew a guy he shot his stuff on my face and it got in my eye."

"Oh," Fred said.

They had left him on an island. He turned back to Stan and held both hands in his lap so they couldn't see that he was nervous and shaking. Stan stood right in front of him and he could see the outline of his cock in his pants. He stared at the shape like he was hypnotized by it. As if in a trance, he reached out and touched the bulge. What was it about seeing that Stan's cock was hard that made him want to submit to his power?

He moved his hand over the bulge. Stan leaned forward, like he wanted to get his cock closer. The bulge looked huge, and it was so hard. It felt like it was burning his fingertips through the fabric of his jeans.

He was breathing hard. His fingers pulled down the zipper. Stan's hand brushed his cheek.

"Looks good to you, doesn't it?" he said.

Fred didn't answer. He didn't want to admit that he was drawn to his friend's erection.

Stan forced the fly open, revealing his curly black pubic hair and the beginning of a large shank of meat that stretched down the leg of the jeans. Fred slipped his whole hand in and closed his fingers around the thick, heavy piece of flesh and pulled it out. Stan gritted his teeth and let out a deep breath when it was finally released. The huge head of his straight tool was as big as a fat lemon and blue veins strutted down the shaft, pulsing with blood. Fred ran his closed hand down the length of the shaft. It looked as big as his own.

He had a strong desire to taste it, to find out how it felt in his mouth, and shivered. What an odd feeling. He had never thought about it before, but at that moment, squeezing Stan's thick cock, it was all he ever wanted.

Stan lifted it and touched it to Fred's cheek. He rubbed it over the rough, unshaven whiskers on his cheek, then the tip touched his lips. With a deep breath, Fred opened his mouth wide and let the fat head pass between his lips.

Stan pressed his cock forward slow and steady. The head touched Fred's tongue and it felt odd, but good. Stan pushed again with his hips and the entire head filled his mouth, spreading his jaws wider. He moaned and sucked gently. He circled the head with his tongue and Stan began a slow back and forth thrust with his hips, working his cock deeper into his mouth.

He sucked it in an inch at a time, and gagged when it touched the back of his mouth.

"That's good buddy. Now suck it hard," Stan said.

Fred wasn't sure what he meant. What did he have to do to suck it hard? After all the blowjobs he'd received from Kate and all those other girls, he had no idea how they made it work.

He did know the motion, though, and started moving his head back and forth.

"Oh yeah. That's it," Stan said.

He didn't have to go fast, and he was able to get more of his cock in his mouth than he expected. He kept his lips tight around the shaft. The head of his cock slid back and forth over his tongue.

Stan moaned. Fred turned his eyes up, but couldn't really see his face from that angle.

It really wasn't as bad as he imagined. He certainly wasn't grossed out. Why hadn't he tried it sooner? There was something very satisfying about feeling a thick, hard cock in his mouth.

"That's not bad, Fred. You suck cock like you've done it before," Stan said.

"He just needs more practice," Kate said.

Fred took his cock out of his mouth and held it with one hand. The top half of the shaft was shiny with his saliva.

"Don't get any ideas about making me fuck your buddy," he said.

"Why not? I know a lot of guys who would love to stick their cocks in your mouth."

"Yeah, I'm sure you do," Fred said.

He opened his mouth and sucked on his cock again. Stan put both hands on his head and pumped a little faster with his hips.

"Fuck buddy. I like that. I can call about a dozen guys right now. They'll all line up in this room and wait their turn to do this to you. Oh God. When I think about you, the big stud jock, drinking all that cum ..."

His words trailed off. Fred didn't notice because he was trying not to choke on his cock. He was jamming it deeper than he thought he could handle. Then he groaned and the hard shaft swelled between his lips. It throbbed once and a warm, thick fluid sprayed the back of his mouth.

Fred's eyes opened wide. This wasn't part of the deal. He was supposed to suck on his cock, but not drink his sperm. He thought Stan was going to pull it out before that happened.

But it was too late. Stan's hands were clamped around his head as if to prevent him from moving, and his cock throbbed again and again. It only took a moment for it to fill his mouth, and it was all over, under his tongue and between his teeth.

Stan released his head and let out a sigh.

"That was pretty good. Not the best, of course, but pretty good, especially for your first time."

Fred didn't answer. It was difficult to speak with a mouthful of cum. The taste was not as bad as he imagined, but his nose still wrinkled. He leaned to the side, looking for a place to spit it out.

"Don't you dare spit out my cum. That's my gift to you. I won't let you just spit it on the floor," Stan said.

Fred stared at him. Was he serious? From the angry look in his eye, it was clear that he was. He swallowed and coughed.

"Goddamn Stan. I didn't think you were gonna cum in my mouth," he said.

Stan laughed. "That's a stupid thing to think. Of course I'm gonna cum in your mouth. My cum is far too precious to waste."

Fred swallowed again. A few drops of cum lingered under his tongue. It would probably take a lot of whiskey before he finally got the taste out of his mouth.

Stan picked up a tube of KY jelly on top of his dresser.

"Can I put it in you now?" he said.

He flipped the cap open, squeezed a big glob of grease on his fingers and smeared it on his cock.

Fred stared at hi shiny, greasy cock, then glanced at Kate. She was grinning and had three fingers moving in and out of her pussy.

"You mean ..." he started to say, but couldn't make the words come out.

Stan squeezed his long, hard cock at the base and wagged it like a tail in Fred's direction.

"Yeah, that's exactly what I mean," he said.

"Goddamn this is gonna be good," Kate said.

Fred let out a deep breath and stood up.

"I don't know if I'll ever be ready."

He and Stan were side by side with their long, hard cocks bobbing from the front of their jeans, like a pair of horny virgins at a first-served, first-cum whorehouse.

"Wait. Don't move. This is like a dream come true for me," Kate said. She scooted to the edge of the bed and grabbed their cocks, one in each hand. "I wish you guys were gonna mount me instead of each other."

Fred smiled at her. She was looking up at him, stroking his cock and smiling back. He wanted to tell her that was a great idea and they should do that instead. Could she see how nervous he was? It was the pain that frightened him the most.

"Maybe next time. I've been waiting for the chance to mount this ass for a long time," Stan said.

He reached back and squeezed Fred's ass. He nearly jumped through the ceiling.

"Goddamn it Stan, don't do that gay shit to me," he said.

"It's not about being gay or straight. It's about fucking, good hard fucking. Now take your pants off and get on the Goddamn bed."

Fred glared at him. Was he going to have to kick his ass? But Stan grinned, and some of his nervousness went away. He kicked off his jeans and his shirt and crawled on the bed on his hands and knees.