 This is my first published story so any feedback is much appreciated. I'd love to hear what you think, or even if you want to discuss the story in more detail. I'm open to any suggestions as well as elaborating on the truer aspects of the story.



It was the last thing I wanted to hear....or so I thought. I was 24 hours away from leaving town on a camping trip with just my wife. We had planned it months in advance and I had high expectations for the weekend. Our relationship is wonderful but our sex life could use a bit of a rekindling. I was hoping a few nights in the wilderness would be the jump start we needed.

My wife, Jill, hung up the phone and immediately turned to me with a walking on eggshells kind of look. I could tell who she was on the phone with by the tone of her voice, and I knew something wasn't going well on the other end of the line.

"What happened?" I ask reluctantly.

"It's Sally." Jill said. "Jim broke up with her and she's devastated."

I took a deep breath. I wanted to be a supportive husband, but I knew this would affect our plans.

"Are you going to go see her?" I asked.

"She's on her way to work now....but....Alex...."

"Yes Jill?" assuming she was going to cancel our trip.

"What if.....what if we asked Sally to come camping with us?" Jill asked timidly.

"What?" I was caught off-guard.

"Yeah, you know so she wouldn't be alone. It might do her some good to get away from it all and spend some time out in the wild."

"I thought we were going to spend time out in the wild!" I replied.

"Oh, poor thing." She walked right up to me and put her hands on the cheeks of my face. "I promise I'll make it up to you." She gave me a deep kiss, and as our tongues slowly wrestled her hand slid down to my crotch.

To be so forward like this was very unlike my wife. We had been married eight years and she's always been on the conservative side in the bedroom. She's not a prude by any means, but doesn't do a whole lot of this kind of teasing.

"As long as you promise, honey."

"Great!" She exclaimed. "I'll call Sally right away and invite her along."

"Hun, how are we going to get up there? The car is almost full with our stuff alone, but another person and a tent?"

"Well her and I can go up early tomorrow and meet you up there. I only work a half day tomorrow and she's already off, so you can leave when you get home at five. And she can sleep in our tent."

Before I had a chance to process what she had said and respond, Jill was off to another room dialing Sally back. I guess it was settled then. Honestly I didn't mind not driving with them, as to spare myself from having to hear every minor detail of Sally and Jim's breakup, but I wasn't sure how I felt about Sally sleeping in the same tent as Jill and I. Don't get me wrong, Sally is a sweet girl who tended to date jerks. She was Jill's best friend and the maid of honor at our wedding. I adored her, never minded having her around, and often fantasized about her. She was very attractive, and provided a nice contrast to the thin petite stature of my wife. She was a bit shorter and more curvy. Frankly, she had a huge rack. I'd never seen the real thing, but she always caught my attention whenever she wore tighter fitting or lower cut tops. She didn't dress sleazy, but doesn't have a lot of places to hide such a well endowed pair of breasts. And now she'd be in the tent sleeping with me just feet away. The tent was big enough, but I guess I was deflated by no chance of getting intimate with Jill. I guess the payback she promised would come later.

The following afternoon I received the following text message:

SALLY AND I ARE ON THE ROAD. WE LEFT A COUPLE BAGS BY THE BACK DOOR TO THROW IN YOUR CAR, BUT OTHERWISE YOU SHOULD BE ALL SET TO COME STRAIGHT HERE AFTER WORK. LOVE YOU!

I left work a little early and headed home. As I drove I pictured Jill and Sally driving up chatting away. I envisioned them wearing tank tops, as it was a particularly warm day. Sally's was a thin black tank with a black bra underneath. It was low cut and tight, providing ample cleavage between her large breasts. I was becoming aroused with my thoughts. Having met my wife young, I had never been with a woman any larger than a B cup. Sally's had to be a D cup or larger. I was hardening beneath my trousers. Only a couple minutes from home, I knew I'd have to pleasure myself before heading back out on the road. I'd pleasure myself to the picture I painted in my head of Sally's busty chest....or so I thought.

When I got home I nearly tripped over the 2 bags left for me by the back door. Annoyed, I shuffled to my room and began changing out of my work clothes when it struck me. Were one of those bags Sally's? I've long wondered her actual bra size and considering my current state I wouldn't mind seeing some visual aid to help my image of Sally's breasts. I walked over to the bags and slowly zipped it open. After rooting through an assortment of t-shirts, tank tops and shorts, tucked deep in the back I found the jackpot.

I pulled out the biggest bra I had ever seen. Black lace design covered the cups that trails off around the straps. The enormous cups were nearly the size of my face as I pressed them slowly to my cheeks. As I pulled them away to get a better look, I noticed the tag...34 DD. So this is what double D's look like? I pictured Sally's big milk-white jugs resting on top of the cups, jostling with every bump in the road.

By now the arousal in my pants had hardened to full staff. I was still wearing my dark gray boxer briefs, but I had l pulled my cock out over the top of them. I put the bra down momentarily and reached back into the bag to see what else I could find. When I felt something soft I pulled it out. A pair of red and black bikini cut satin panties, folded tightly. Happy with my loot, I grabbed Sally's bra and panties and headed to the bedroom to get more comfortable. I shed my boxer briefs and crawled naked onto the bed. I laid Sally's panties over my seven inches of hard white cock and placed her bra over my bare chest. I envisioned her laying on top of me, her large tits tight against my chest with only her large bra between us, and only her thin pair of panties preventing me from entering her warm pussy.

Rubbing her silky smooth panties up and down across my shaft it didn't take long for me to erupt. With my eyes closed and imagining pumping straight into her wetness with her massive breasts tight against me I came. Careful not to get any cum actually on her panties, for fear of getting caught, I came straight up onto my stomach, multiple squirts of warm white jizz landing on me.

I moaned loudly, surprising myself.

After cleaning myself off with a tissue, I dressed myself for my travels. As I looked at Sally's bra and panties on the bed, I briefly considered taking a keepsake of the experience, blaming her missing pair on her own forgetfulness, or poor packing, but I didn't have the nerve. I packed her panties back into her bag as I had found them, but richer for the experience.

As I drove toward the campground visions of Sally's underwear were still bouncing in my head. I knew I was in for a difficult weekend of restraint. Watching the two of them together all weekend was going to be difficult. I planned on taking lots of showers where I could release myself.

When I pulled into the campground it was just starting to get dark. The grounds looked dilapidated and desolate. My original intention for coming to this place that it was secluded and not family friendly. In other words, it was a great place for Jill and I to get some privacy, perhaps even in the woods or down by the lake that ran along the property. 

I greeted my Jill and Sally and immediately started setting up the tent. Once setup, we unloaded the rest of the car, Sally grabbing her bag and carrying it into the tent. With the tents setup and nightfall upon us, I built a modest fire and we setup our chairs in a semi-circle around it. We cracked the bottle of Jim Beam that we bought for the trip, which was Jill's favorite, and toasted to many new memories to come.

It was Sally who turned in first, saying she thought a good night's sleep would do her well. She unzipped the tent and slithered in, zipping up the screen behind her. Although it was too dark to see, I knew she was only a few feet away and undressing, the image of her precious breasts popped right back into my head. By the time Jill and I turned in, Sally appeared fast asleep, snuggled up in a sleeping bag and turned away from us.

"I'll sleep in the middle." Jill offered. "I don't want you accidentally spooning the wrong woman."

Jill reached back and unhooked and removed her bra without even taking off her shirt. She slid into the sleeping bag, reached down and before I knew what she was doing she pulled up her shorts and tossed them aside. Braless under a thin tee shirt and only wearing her panties, she leaned over a gave me a soft kiss goodnight, rolled over and went to sleep.

Not sure what I should wear to sleep, as I had imagined Jill and I would be spending our nights naked and in the same sleeping bag, I decided to sleep in my briefs as well. Heck, if Jill felt comfortable enough in front of our close friend, why shouldn't I? I removed my shirt and slid off my shorts. Immediately I felt aroused by being even somewhat exposed in Sally's presence. I wondered what she was wearing underneath that sleeping bag. Perhaps even the panties I came with mere hours earlier. Somehow I managed to settle my thoughts and drift into a deep sleep.

When I awoke the next morning I was alone in the tent. Not hearing any voices outside, I quickly got dressed and ventured out. With only a smoldering fire there was no sign of the women. I checked my phone and saw Jill's text:

GRAB SOME BREAKFAST AND COME MEET US DOWN BY THE LAKE

I did as I was told and after a couple donuts and some orange juice I made my way towards the small lake around the campground. It was almost 11:00 by the time I got to the women. The sun was high in the sky and it was getting pretty hot. When I spotted Jill and Sally they were laying on the shore in lounge chairs dressed in bikinis. Walking up behind them without their knowledge afforded me the opportunity to get a great look at them. Both had great bodies yet so different from each other, I loved seeing their half covered breasts side-by-side. I could only imagine how it would look topless.

Before I was noticed I made my presence known. We hung out by the lake for most of the day, drinking beers, basking in the sun, and the occasional dip in the lake, all the while admiring the two beautiful women I was with. We had only seen a few other people all day, and I think we were all enjoying the seclusion. By the evening we were all buzzed on the verge of being drunk, sun soaked and in need of some freshening up. We all hiked back to our campsite.

"I could really use a shower to clean up and cool off" Sally declared when we arrived back to camp.

"I think we all could" said Jill.

"Agreed" I chimed in. 

We dropped off our things and grabbed our shower bags and headed to the shower building located a few vacant sites over from ours. As we got closer to the small building there only seemed to be one entry point.

"Is this the men's or the women's?" asked Jill.

We verified it was the only entrance and no other signs were posted. 

"Is it uni-sex?" asked Sally?

We walked in and there were bathrooms off one direction and showers to the other direction. The shower room was small. There were no dividers or curtains, just one open space with five total shower heads outlining the room and pointing towards the center.

"I guess it is" Jill replied. She giggled. "Well this is awkward!"

Not sure what to do, and against my male instincts, I volunteered to wait until they were done.

"I can wait outside until you two are done."

"Don't be silly" Sally replied. "We can all shower if you're both okay with it." I glanced at Jill to gauge her reaction. She returned the glance.

"I guess if you're both OK with it. Are you Jill?" I sputtered out.

"Sure" she said hesitantly. "We can just stay in our bathing suits for the most part."

"And we're all friends here" added Sally. "As long as some creepy guys don't come in."

"I'd be surprised if we even saw anyone else, there's barely anybody at this campground." I added.

"Looks like we have the place to ourselves then" said Sally. With that she put her bag down in the corner and turned on one of the faucets until it was warm.

Jill turned on the shower next to her and adjusted the water temperature. Since there was a gap next to Jill where the entry way was, I turned on the faucet across from them, albeit I was only a few feet away.

I was already a bit anxious about showering with them, but once I saw them step into the stream, the water sliding down their bikini-laden bodies, I could feel my cock starting to stir.

"Oh crap" I thought. What do I do if I get an erection. I turned my back to them and tried to focus on the task at hand, while they chatted amongst themselves about the events of the day.

"It feels so good to get that lake water off of me" Jill commented.

"Same here. I feel like I still have seaweed all over me."

I glanced over my shoulder towards them just in time to see Sally untie her neck strap and pull it down in front of he just above her breasts, revealing small thin white tan lines.

"At least your tan lines aren't too bad" Jill said, as she turned towards Sally who continued removing her bikini top.

"Yeah, I'm pleased." Sally replied, now topless and 3/4 turned away from me. I could see the massive silhouette of her breasts and saw the side perspective. What really started to arouse me was the fact that my wife could see them in all their glory, as I'm sure she has before with them being such good friends. "Let's see yours."

Jill reached back to unhook her bikini top, and as soon as she did it popped off and draped down. It's then when it hit me.....my wife and her best friend were both topless in front of each other only mere feet away from me. I had fantasized about this on multiple occasions and I couldn't help but stare and take it all in.

"Looks pretty to me" Sally commented overlooking Jill's bare cheast. It was at that moment that they both turned towards me, almost in unison.

"I can see that your hubby thinks we look pretty good as well. Before I could realize it my cock was sticking straight out underneath my bathing suit.

"He sure is!" said Jill. I immediately turned away from the and back towards the shower head. "Oh, don't be shy sweetie. Why don't you come share this shower with me."

"Ok." I turned around and walked toward the two of them, my cock dangling before me pointing the way through my bathing suit. As I stood beside them, it was the first time I saw Sally's breasts in their entirety. They were as wonderful as I had imagined, milk white and full, glistening in the water stream. Her nipples were large and hard looking. I couldn't help but stare as I stood by them.

"You like what you're seeing?" Sally asked. I glanced at Jill beside me, whose glowing eyes looked up at me. I'm not sure if it was the thrill of the situation or merely the glaze of the alcohol, but I knew this was my chance.

"I sure do." I replied to Sally and then swiftly pulled down my swimsuit allowing my cock to spring up wildly. As I did it, I heard a slight gasp from Jill and saw Sally's eyes get bigger. "Do you like what you see?"

"Well Jill, you're a lucky woman." remarked Sally.

"I know, isn't it nice and big?" Jill replied. "I'm sure he'll let you touch it if you'd like."

Sally reached out and grabbed my stiff cock, gently at first, but then began to slowly slide her hand up and down on it. I moaned slightly.

"He's waited for this for a long time" said Jill. "He always gets so turned on when I tell him about seeing you changing or naked. He loves hearing about your nice big titties."

"Well then I bet he'd like to suck on them a bit." said Sally, reaching underneath them with her other hand, propping them up. I didn't need much encouragement. I leaded forward grabbed one of her breasts and and guided her nipple into my mouth. Her breast filled my entire hand and I tried to fit as much of her tit into my mouth as possible. I grabbed her other breast with my other hand and slowly kneaded it. I couldn't believe it. I finally had the tits I had fantasized about so many times, and the owner of the sexiest bra and panties I had cum with just a day earlier. Sally stroked harder as I sucked rubbed my tongue over her hardening nipples. I fell Jill by my side and her heard whisper into my ear.

"You like that baby? You like sucking on Sally's big tits? You like feeling those huge titties in your mouth while she strokes your hard cock?"

"Mmmmaaahhh..." I moaned. Still against me Jill leaned forward and took Sally's other breast into her mouth. I think this even took Sally by surprise as she tensed a bit before she continued stroking me. I slid my hand down her stomach where it met her bikini bottoms. I continued down to find her hairy wetness. Her bush was full and thick all the way down to her pussy lips. After running my fingers through her thick hair I found my way down to her opening, which was already more slippery than only the shower water could provide. I slid a finger into her, which was easy. I slowly pulled it in and out of her. I was starting to gain a rhythm when i felt another hand. Thinking i twas Sally's I paused. The hand outlined my finger inside and slid right up next to mine. I opened my eyes to see it was Jill. We each had a finger deep inside Sally's cunt, and each were sucking one of her enormous breasts. We continued that for a few minutes sometimes fingering her in unison, sometimes alternating. I could tell Sally was enjoying it by quickening pace of her breathing.

Suddenly, Sally placed her hands and Jill's face and pulled it up to hers kissing her deeply. I paused as well, pulling my head back slightly and admiring my wife tonging with her best friend. Once they broke their kiss, Sally looked at me and spoke to Jill. "Let's suck him dry."

They readjusted and pushed me against the wall in between the two shower sprays. The leaned up against me and kissed me in unison, all three tongues meeting together for one sloppy kiss. Then they both took to their knees in front of me. Each with a hand around my shaft, it was Jill who took me into her mouth first. Several quick and short bobs on my cock, much like I was accustomed to, lathered me up well and kept me hard. Then she slid off and started licking the side. This was Sally's opportunity. She licked my mushroom head like a lollipop before slowly sliding it in her mouth. She managed several slow long motions before taking me deep into her throat. She pulled back slowly, and then slid my cock deep into her mouth again, taking me all the way in until her lips reached my balls. I'd never been this far into a woman's mouth before, which only made my cock harder and longer. After a few minutes of sucking me off, Sally slid off and stood up. Jill followed suit.

"Let's get out of these wet suits, Jill" said Sally. "Can you help me with mine?" Sally turned away from Jill and slightly peeled her bikini bottoms down. She didn't need any help, but Jill was eager to help rip her best friends bottoms off of her, exposing Sally's bald pussy. Sally stepped out of her bikini and not totally nude, slid her hands into the sides of Jill's bottoms. She slowly slid them down Jill's skinny legs, moving her entire body with them. Once they were on the ground, Sally's face was at the same level of Jill's hairy pussy.

"Mmmm Jill...what do we have here?" Sally stuck out her tongue and traced the outline of Jill's pussy lips. Immediately Jill tossed her head back and let out a small moan. I took this opportunity to grab my wife's breasts and give them a gentle rub. As much as I was enjoying our rendezvous with Sally, and the ultimate fulfillment of more fantasies than I could count, I did want my wife to enjoy the experience as well. I massaged both of her b cups and kissed her deeply as well, all while Sally started licking her more aggressively. I could tell how well Jill was doing based on how hard and deeply Jill kissed me. When she pulled her lips away to let out a firm moan, I knew she was getting close to orgasm. I decided to spur her on to help her cum.
