 This story embellishes on several characters introduced in my story "The Loving Porn Queen" (see Chapters 4 and 5 especially). I dedicate this to all the Pixies I have known and loved. Of course, I encourage you to read the earlier chapter to this story so you'll better understand what's happening and who's who. Enjoy, vote and please comment.

*

I found Joy waiting just outside airport security when I got back to Columbus after my memorable weekend with Mel and Katie. I'd thought all afternoon about how I'd tell her what had happened with Katie. Because of our shared philosophy about our relationship, I knew she was all right, even encouraging, with anything that Mel and I did but I wasn't sure whether those boundaries extended to Mel's friend Katie.

We'd all often talked about Mel's philosophy of seeing other people or even responding to some opportunistic situation that involved some other person. That said, talking and agreeing in theory about some vague situation could be easy, but the harder part would be when one of us actually got involved in some way as I had with Katie.

The night Mel had told me about her threesome with Dan and Katie, I'd tested how I felt about the philosophy, at least as it involved Mel. Well it certainly made me feel horny and desirous of her body, I found myself at the edge of my comfort zone at the time. Later, I became more comfortable when I met Dan and realized he felt about Katie the way I did about Mel. We loved our primary girlfriends yet appreciated the opportunity to engage with others. Moreover, in Dan and Katie's situation there had been a rather strong education component, since both were pretty naïve about lovemaking.

After Joy and I kissed and hugged our initial greetings we walked with our arms tightly around each other back to the short-term parking, kissing often and nuzzling into each other. She felt so comfortable to be with; it felt good to be home. 

Of course, she immediately questioned me about what we'd done, however, I deflected the questions temporarily since there were people all around us in the terminal and then I got her talking about the weekend wedding. I noted all our remarks were "public" and indescribably superficial about the events of our weekends.

I suggested an early dinner for the two of us as we neared a Ruby Tuesday's restaurant on the way back to our apartment from the airport. A few minutes later the hostess seated us in a comfortable booth that afforded us some privacy, leaving us dinner menus. A waitress immediately took our drink order and disappeared.

We looked across the table at each other in what gradually became a long awkward silence. I reached across and took Joy's hands; she squeezed my hands in a loving gesture but neither of us said anything. We just looked at each other. Our drinks arrived and we both mindlessly ordered dinners from memory, having eaten there so often. The waitress disappeared again.

I started slowly, "Errr, Joy, there's something I have to tell you. Something that happened while I was in Massachusetts."

I barely got the words out. My words overlapped those from Joy, "Doug, while I was home at the wedding something happened I have to tell you."

Our simultaneous statements made us both pause and take in what the other had said. 

"You go on," I said.

"No, you go ahead," Joy told me.

We went back and forth a little and finally Joy stopped the volley by holding up her hand. I noticed a slight grimace as she started to speak. 

She started again, "While I was home, I made love with someone – a guy that was at the wedding. I didn't expect it to happen, it's just that the situation got very romantic and ... well, things progressed sort of fast ... and, well, one thing led to another."

I looked at her for perhaps thirty seconds absorbing what she said and testing how I felt then I burst our laughing.

"Oh, Joy. I love you so and I always will. I'll ask about the details in a moment but in the meantime you should know that I made love with a friend of Mel's while I was away. Her name is Katie. Mel and I had a foursome with her and her boyfriend Dan."

I stopped and checked the expression on Joy's face. As I had a moment earlier, she absorbed my remarks, evaluated and then a large smile broke out on her face.

"I worried about how to tell you about this all day," she said.

"So did I," I offered.

"Do you know why we felt this way?"

"Sure," I said. "I've got a bunch of old tapes about jealousy and fidelity that I let play to the point I got worried that you'd leave me – leave us – and never give us another chance."

"That's how I felt too," Joy said. "This isn't about another chance, this is about a life style that permits exploration and new friendships, even intimate friendships with others." She paused for a moment then asked, "How to you feel about this now?"

"Relieved," I replied. "Oh, and hopeful that you had a great time, created a fantastic experience for yourself and the other person, and I'm even more hopeful that you'll share what happened. And you?"

"The same," Joy replied with a grin. She slid out of her side of the booth and came over next to me, sliding in next to me and planting a wet kiss on my lips that turned into a smoldering public display of affection.

The waitress shut off our discussion by reappearing with parts of our meals. We agreed to hold off on our stories until we got home and in more intimate surroundings. Accordingly, the meal went rapidly. We dispensed with the 'public' portion of our weekends. I recounted the day-trip to Rockport and Gloucester, as well as checking out several apartment complexes for ideas where we worked. I showed her some of the pictures on my camera that I'd taken two days prior. Joy filled me in on the wedding of her first cousin, detailing all the preparation, the ceremony and the reception. We both made oblique references to others whose details we'd provide later.

An hour later our nude bodies enveloped one another in the start of our passionate reconnection. 

I told my story first, detailing the lovemaking sessions Mel and I had at Logan Airport and then at her home. I told how Mel told me about her two threesomes with Dan and Katie, emphasizing how naïve and uncertain they were about sexual technique. Then I told about the night of our foursome including my calling forth many of my trademark techniques of foreplay, some that I'd learned with Joy.

I described how Katie and I made love on her family's plush mink stole and described our lovemaking in the middle of the night and again in the morning. Of course, I commented on Mel and Dan's parallel activities throughout our time together.

"And if I could ask her, how does Katie feel about you?" Joy inquired.

"I think she'd say she has a new friend and lover. When Mel and I left the two of them the next morning I had the feeling that they couldn't wait to try out some of the techniques we'd taught them on each other."

Joy squirmed around on my cock, forcing me deeper into her body. She kissed me on the lips and said, "I bet Katie's feelings run a little deeper than that. You are very easy to fall in love with – deeply in love with."

I couldn't comment but invited her to ask Mel what feedback she got from the couple. I also encouraged her to get Mel's version of our night with Dan and Katie. I had totally enjoyed myself, however, I would have preferred a night alone with just the Pixie. Mel would tell all.

"Is Mel going to continue the threesome with them?" Joy asked with an excited tone to her voice.

"I can't say for sure. Mel told me she was open to the idea but wasn't sure how Katie or Dan would feel after our weekend. She was going to talk to Katie in a couple of days after she and Dan had a chance to sort out their feelings about our time together and their own relationship. Maybe it doesn't need sorting out and then again, I hope we didn't do any damage. As you know, Mel sometimes acts without thinking things all the way through."

Joy and I got sidetracked for a few minutes as we took turns stimulating each other. The recollection of my time with Katie, and Joy's positive reactions to my detailed story certainly stimulated my libido, a fact that proved itself in terms of my swollen rod.

"OK," I finally said, "Your turn. Tell me about the 'real' wedding." I kissed her on the nose and ran my tongue over her lips in a seductive manner.

Joy squirmed down on my cock again. "Things started at the rehearsal the afternoon before the wedding. For the promenade down the aisle I was paired with this groomsman – a really cute guy – Tyler Bishop; he's a buddy of the groom from the Atlanta area. He graduated from Georgia Tech last year."

"Anyway, as we're waiting and getting directions about how to walk down the aisle that most of us are ignoring, I'm feeling this overpowering chemistry with Tyler. Apparently he is too because the next thing I know we're standing really close and he's like casually stroking my arm as we talk, only my body is amplifying the light strokes into these sensuous and erotic gestures that are turning me on in every way imaginable."

I asked, "Did you encourage him?"

Joy shot me a sly smile; "Of course. I was in heat and I wanted him that way too. I put one hand on his abs and just rested it there. It was like another point where lightning surged through our bodies." She raked her fingernails across my chest to show how she'd been touching him.

She took a moment to bounce several times on my cock, renewing our sexual fervor and providing new stimulus to our union. She went on, "I swear I knew I wanted him less than thirty seconds after we met; we both knew in another minute we'd find a way that day ... and soon. After we'd stood there looking at each other, Ty said to me, 'I want you.' I told him, 'I know. I want you too. How? When?"

"About that time the wedding planner insisted we pay attention and line up, then she started us down the aisle. As we slowly paced down the aisle, Ty said to me, 'I'm staying at the Hyatt. Room 566. Tell me a time.'"

Joy paused but not in our lovemaking. She closed her eyes to savor our union before going on; "It was about four o'clock. Our part was going to be over in half an hour. I told him, 'Right after this; sooner is better.' About that time we reached the altar and parted. The only other time we were together again at the rehearsal was as we walked out in pairs behind the bride and groom. We just split up after that; no questions were raised by anyone, if they even noticed. I excused myself when I became certain my part in the rehearsal had finished. The dinner wasn't until eight o'clock and I even had my dinner dress and cosmetics in the car."

"So you had about three hours?" I questioned encouragingly.

"Yes," Joy replied in a dreamy voice. "I was at the Hyatt in ten minutes; it was near the church. He opened the door to his room before I even knocked. God, it was a rush. We were all over each other. We were naked and his cock was buried in my cunt in three more minutes. I mean this was almost unreal."

"Details?" I asked softly.

"Well, just as I got in the room he closed the door and made sure it was locked. He put the little 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the knob. He turned and we kissed, hard. That kiss turned into a French kiss. His hands were all over me, rubbing my breasts through my summer frock. Even though I had a bra on I knew he felt my nipples go rigid. I ground my hips into his and he pushed back. He hardened as we ground together. I started rubbing the rather evident lump in his pants." She grinned at me and squirmed around a bit.

I kissed Joy again, holding onto her nipples as she rose and maneuvered above me. Her nipples were hard as candy, clearly showing her excitement in both her story and our coupling.

"Ty reached behind me and started to undo the buttons on the back of my dress – only he was too slow. After he'd undone about two buttons, I just pulled the whole dress up over my head and tossed it in a chair. He yanked his shirt off then his pants. I stripped from my bra and thong. We joined together again, our naked bodies now pressing together. His cock is like yours, big and long. I grabbed it and started to stroke as we tried to hug at the same time."

"Hot," I told her as I increased the speed of my thrusts into her body.

Joy continued, "He suddenly picked me up and tossed me in the middle of the big bed in the room. Then he was in me – that fast. There was no foreplay, just our chemistry and passion. We hadn't really said more than a few words to each other since we'd met. Oh Doug, this was wonderful."

"And then?" I asked in a throaty voice.

"And then we fucked like minks. He had remarkable staying power just like you do. I was mostly in the missionary position as we fucked - hard. I pulled him into me as hard and fast as I dared. He drove into me for all he was worth. We were just two bundles of raw, lusting, sexual energy. Wow! It was consuming."

I drove my body up into Joy's naked form. She responded by closing her eyes and focusing on our fuck. I knew she was also reliving the experience with Tyler but I didn't care. If I could bring her pleasure and a fond remembrance, I'd be happy. 

We'd made love so many times that one might think this time would have been 'routine' yet it was anything but. We both exploded into each other, our orgasms resulting in each of us flooding our union with juices and then the hugs and hot kisses and wildly roaming hands and tongues. The panting and sweaty bodies pushed together in their joy and passion.

I rolled us to our sides maintaining our coupling as we started our after glow.

"Oh, Doug, I love you. Thank you for doing that, for making me re-live that experience with Tyler." I smiled at her and we kissed as I smoothed her luscious body.

Joy whispered to me, "After we came we just lay together and got to know each other. It was weird, I mean we'd just met a few hours earlier; he was almost a stranger. You and I did that months ago but we weren't strangers. You know, when you ... you know helped me find myself and my sexual being." She kissed me hard. "Thank you. You've made me feel so liberated, so free to be me, so loved, so able to reach out."

I hugged her to me. She talked further about her weekend, "So later we made love again. We took our time and it was very romantic. I could see lots of potential there. Later we showered together and I dressed and ran down to the car and got my dress and stuff. I came back and changed and then we went off to the restaurant for the big dinner."

"You got to spend more time together I hope?"

"Not that night. I had to go home with my parents from the dinner. The next morning the bride treated all the bridesmaids to a spa treatment and girlie things then we dressed for the wedding. The wedding was in the middle of the afternoon and went off like clockwork. Tyler was well behaved. At the reception we made sure to sit together so we could talk more. We danced a lot too."

I grinned widely at her, "And then?"

"And then, the reception ended about eleven o'clock but there was a casual 'party after the party' for the 'A List' at the new home of the bride and groom. We'd both been invited. We drove to the Hyatt, ostensibly to change clothes; it just took a little longer than we'd expected. We made love again ... then slipped in relatively unnoticed to the late party. We also left the party early. I think I got home around four a.m. – well fucked and happy."

I told Joy, "I'm glad for you, for your happiness. You follow this anyway you want to; just let Mel and me know how you want us to play it. Oh, one more thing; just know that I love you."

"Thank you. I love you too. I'll let you know."

*

Summer turned into autumn, autumn into winter, and winter into spring. Mel, Joy and I lived in an unbelievably comfortable relationship for those months. Angry words or miffed feelings were rare. The tone of our relationship was pure Love in everything we said and did for and with each other.

Both girls were sophomores and I was a senior. We each had our classes and homework, yet found time to be together and to play together as well as pursue friends and even lovers. For instance, Joy made two trips to Atlanta for weekends with Tyler, and Mel went on a couple of dates but later declared there was no chemistry. Of course, we all continued to work part-time at the apartment complex where we lived.

My job as the property manager for the apartment complex we were in got better and better throughout the year. The complex had 108 apartments and most were rented to upper class or graduate students at the nearby university. 

By the end of that first summer, after Mel rejoined our threesome, we'd refinished twenty-eight of the units, making major structural improvements in a few and cleaning and repainting the others. The three of us had found some ways to make most the units more appealing either by removing some of the walls or using half walls or just by decorating and using attractive color schemes. Occupancy rates increased due to our work. Jim Reynolds the Property Manager for our complex as well as a many others praised my ideas and encouraged us to make the changes.

Joy, Mel and I were a good team. Somehow, when we worked together it made the whole experience fun and not at all like a 'job'. Even better, at Christmas time, Jim gave us all generous bonuses and more praise for our work. He called us 'naturals' at property management and encouraged us to stay and work as we were through the spring and following summer. Our grades stayed up, yet we were making a lot of money.

I was due to graduate in early June and over the winter started to think about what I'd do after college with an undergraduate business degree. In hindsight I had the balls to think I really knew something about something. Later, I learned how little I knew about how the world actually worked.

In any case, I mentioned my needing a job to Jim Reynolds one day. A week later, he invited me to lunch with another gentleman name Gray Steel. I liked the new man's name even before I met the CEO from the Real Estate Investment Trust that owned all the properties Jim managed.

Jim made the introductions and then surprised me with his opening statement; "Doug, we'd like to make you an offer to start working for Steel Properties Trust when you graduate. You'd start as my assistant and gradually take over my job completely as I focus on new acquisitions."

I stammered and stuttered a bit; the job offer came out of the blue and caught me completely by surprise. 

Jim took my hesitance to speak as resistance to his idea, so he started to sweeten the deal immediately. Gray nodded encouragingly to him and commented to me about how well I was thought of in 'headquarters' and how my name and all the work we'd done with the units caught everyone's attention and commanded higher rents and a better class of tenants.

Jim went on, "We'd start you at $35,000 a year, plus your continued free rent in the open unit of your choice. You could keep the unit you're living in now; you seem comfortable with your roommates and coworkers in that unit. Further, there's a signing bonus of $10,000, a new pick-up truck that you'll need in the job, and a yearly bonus that will depend on the overall occupancy rates of the units you're in charge of; if you create a high occupancy rate at high rental rates you get a high bonus. You get the idea. This could double your salary."

I nodded slowly as I started to take in the benefits of offer. I still hadn't said anything.

Gray jumped into the conversation, "We'll also give you a half unit in the Steel Properties Trust each year to sweeten the deal. Right now that's worth about ten grand a year, plus it'll give you all sorts of tax advantages the year you get the share and in future years as the various depreciation options kick in. Oh, we also do great things with our 401k plan."
