 My wife Penny and I had been looking forward to this trip for several months now. Our best friends Mac and Diane were coming with us, along with some other dear friends we hadn't seen in well over two years now. Jim and Stacy had moved away out of state in order to take a better paying job. When we first mentioned the idea of renting a houseboat for a week, cruising Lake Powel, they were more than excited to join us as soon as we could get things set up.

Jim and Stacy were the perfect odd couple, a bit older than the rest of us by ten years, though the age difference had never been a factor in our relationship. In their mid forty's, the two of them looked to be in far better shape than the rest of us, though seeing my wife or Diane for that matter in a bikini, they had nothing to prove or worry about. The fact their marriage had survived for so long, straight out of high school was a testament to their relationship. Both Penny and I had been married before, each of us enduring failed marriages that had us both wondering how Jim and Stacy had survived staying together when so many other marriages had failed. Especially when Jim was white and Stacy was black. But aside from the obvious differences and difficulties there, especially straight out of high school, Stacy was tall, well over six feet, her ebony skin color giving her a very exotic look. Whereas Jim on the other hand, was just barely over five and a half feet tall, light complexion with blonde hair blue eyes. Needless to say, seeing the two of them together made for an interesting combination.

My wife was a fiery little redhead, though more like a brunette with dark deep red highlights showing through her somewhat short hair, which she preferred keeping that way, as it was easier to take care of. Something she'd appreciate even more while out on the houseboat for a week. Mac was even taller than Stacy was, kept his head shaved which had contributed to the name the guys had jokingly called him by, "Lurch" was we affectionately called him and most often kidded him with. Diane was best described as being voluptuous, a curvy woman with fairly large breasts, and wide hips with a true hourglass figure. As for myself, I didn't consider myself a slouch either. I stayed in pretty good shape, had a full head of dark hair though a touch of premature graying had already appeared around my temples. Penny thought it made me look distinguished and even more mature looking, especially at my age. A hereditary trait that ran in my family, with most of the men's hair turning bright white usually by the time they had reached fifty. She'd always told me I'd look sexy as hell when it did, provided I didn't let myself go in the meantime.

Mac, Diane, Penny and I all drove down to the lake together where we picked up the houseboat and began loading our supplies and luggage for the weeklong stay. Jim and Stacy had flown in to the small nearby airport where Penny and Diane drove out to meet them, pick them up and bring them back. It was good seeing them again, and we were all anxious and excited to get out on the lake and head for the first secluded little cove we had mapped out and spend our first full evening together.

We had headed out just after noon, Mac taking the controls of the houseboat as we sat catching up, drinking a few beers and talking about the fishing we'd all enjoy doing together later after we'd docked for the night. The girls had quite naturally run off to change, appearing a bit later in their somewhat revealing swimwear, and then headed up to lay out on top of the houseboat as we traveled along. I couldn't help but wonder how many others out on the lake would be scoping out our three wives with their binoculars as we passed by. Knowing Penny and Stacy at least, the two of them would no doubt be topless. Neither Penny nor I had ever been very shy, and I had in fact seen Stacy naked once or twice before when we'd gone over to their place to hot tub when they'd lived next door to us years ago. But it had been a while now since I had, so I was already looking forward to seeing her again during the trip, which I was pretty sure I would when the six of us went for a midnight swim together later on.

Late in the afternoon we found the first cove we'd decided to dock the boat in, a nice secluded little area out of the wind with plenty of white sandy beach, perfect for our barbeque later, as well as for playing around on, throwing Frisbees and such, not to mention our little swim later on that evening. What surprised me a little, was when both Penny and Stacy came down from the roof in order to help us secure the boat, haul out the lounge chairs to the beach, doing so topless rather than covering themselves up once again. Just seeing their magnificent breasts so beautifully revealed promised a great start to the trip. And though I was a little disappointed in the fact that Diane hadn't joined them in doing that, her more than ample bosom was still alluring to look at, her top barely concealing the vast majority of her breasts anyway.

As Jim and I tended to the cooking while everyone else finished setting up, I finally asked him. "So...what's the secret of a happy marriage anyway?" Not that I didn't have one with Penny, we certainly did, but the frivolity, constant flirting and affection between the two of them far surpassed the little that Penny and I openly shared, along with Mac and Diane for that matter. Jim gave me a look, a serious look which I'd seen before. So I knew then he was contemplating a serious response before speaking.

"You really want to know? The answer might surprise you...even shock you," he told me.

I nervously laughed at that, but now he had my curiosity up, I wanted to know. "Yeah, I do...what's your secret?" I pressed.

Jim looked over towards where the girls were still setting things up on the beach, Mac the avid fisherman had already set up on the back of the houseboat, enjoying himself there until it was time to call him for dinner. Getting assurance that we wouldn't be overheard, he turned towards me.

"Well, the biggest thing is not harboring any petty jealousy's for one, having complete and total trust in one another secondly, which includes always being honest with one another, no matter what."

So far he hadn't said anything that was earth shattering. I agreed with him one hundred percent on all accounts. But then he did say something that caused me to raise my eyebrows a little.

"But the biggest thing for us at least...which might not be acceptable, or condoned by most others, perhaps including yourself, Penny as well as Mac and Diane, is the fact that we enjoy, how should I say this? We enjoy the intimate company of others on occasion."

I could only stand there with my mouth open looking at him. In all the time we had known them, never once had they approached us in that way, hinted at the possibility of sharing intimate relations with one another. Oh, there had indeed been some good-natured flirting, and as I said, we'd certainly been in their hot tub together in the nude, but they had not once approached us in taking things beyond that. I wondered then if this was something a bit more recent.

"So, if you don't mind my asking Jim, how long have the two of you been doing this then?"

He smiled, "Since the day we were married," he responded, immediately answering that question.

"Seriously...you and Stacy have, enjoyed the company of others," I stated trying to soften the question somewhat. He laughed at that.

"You might could say that...yes."

"If that's true, then how come the two of you never tried anything with us? Or weren't we attractive enough?" I asked still trying to joke around with this, though being serious about it at the same time. This time, Jim really did let out a laugh, causing the girls to stop what they were doing momentarily and look off in our direction. We smiled and waved at them, waiting until they'd gone back to work.

"It had nothing to do with that Jack," Jim told me. "In fact, we were attracted to the two of you, very much so. But if you remember right, you and Penny had only been married a little over a year when you moved in next door to us. And though we quickly became very good friends, which I hope after all this we still are, had we approached you with anything even remotely hinting at something like that, would the two of you been receptive?"

I had to think about that for a moment, and realized he was probably right. Neither one of us would have been. And even after we'd gotten to know them, and called them friends, even after the somewhat flirtatious discussions and joking around after that, I'm not sure either Penny or myself would have felt comfortable, or been quite as open minded towards that back then. Not saying either one of us were now, but I knew that Penny and I would have an interesting conversation later on about this when I mentioned it to her. Jim hadn't told me not to, so I didn't think it was something he was expecting me to keep from my wife either. And besides, he was the one who brought up the point about being open and honest, not harboring any secrets.

"So...if ah, something were to happen on this trip." Jim looked at me turning the steaks on the grill.

"If it does, or should...then that's one thing. But let's not try and force the issue either," he told me. "We're here to have fun, enjoy one another's company. If anything else should happen outside of that, then it will simply be icing on the cake," He paused looking at me. "Talk it over with Penny, tell her what I told you, and then ask her to speak to Stacy, see what she has to say about it. After that, we'll all know if that's even a remote possibility, and if not...we'll know that too. Either way, won't make any difference to us one way or the other, we're here to have fun, enjoy everyone's company for a week. If we end up having even more fun," he said grinning. "Then so be it."

We let the subject drop there, but I decided to mention it to Penny later on when we were alone, and at Jim's suggestion, recommend that she perhaps speak to Stacy and get her view on it. Stacy and Penny always had been very close friends, perhaps more so than even Jim and I had been when we lived next door to them. I knew that once Penny was aware of what had been going on all these years with our friends, she'd be curious to find out more about it too, if nothing more than to simply satisfy that curiosity once she had learned about it.

**

We had enjoyed a delightful barbeque on the beach, sat in lawn chairs drinking margaritas, watching the sun go down. Shortly after it had, the girls suggested we all go out for a swim. As one, Stacy and Penny quickly stripped off their bikini bottoms, and though there was a partial moon up, it was still really too dark to see much of anything. The one interesting note on all of this, Diane had slipped out of her suit as well, now as naked as we all were as we ran into the water all holding hands together and began splashing around. As we did that, I got my first really good look at Diane's tits as we all stood there in the water laughing and joking around.

The water certainly wasn't cold, but it was just cool enough to have caused all three women's nipples to harden, in particular...Diane's. She certainly had the largest breasts of the three, though both Stacy and my wife's ran a very close second to hers. But what she did have that I found interesting as hell to look at, was the largest, darkest, most prominent areola I'd ever seen, not to mention the largest, thickest biggest nipples I'd ever seen either.

Standing waist deep in the water, Penny leaned over whispering in my ear. "I know what you're looking at," she giggled. "But quit staring at them, you'll make her self conscious!" With that, I felt my wife's hand reach down, sure enough, I was rock hard as her hand wrapped around my prick. "Come on honey...I know where we can put this," she teased, and then still holding it, began leading me back towards the beach. It was just dark enough that no one could have actually seen me, but it was clearly evident what Penny was holding onto as we made our way back, laughter following us along with a few well placed jabs at who had who by the balls. Grabbing one of the large blankets we'd brought down to the beach just for this very purpose, Penny and I walked off a little ways, well away from the others and made ourselves a nice little spot to lay down on and have some fun. Following our lead, our friends soon left the water, heading off into the night in order to do the same thing that we were.

"Remind me to tell you about an interesting conversation I had with Jim earlier," I told her as Penny began licking and sucking my very aroused cock.

"Did it have anything to do with your sudden burst of laughter?" She asked. "We figured the two of you were discussing something sexual in nature, especially the way you two stood there with those shit-eating grins on your faces. Stacy in fact said you no doubt were, and had a pretty good idea what the two of you were talking about."

"Did she say anything else?" I asked curiously, hoping that she might have, though I was finding it harder and harder to concentrate as my wife continued nibbling on my prick between answering my questions.

"She started too...but then looked over at Diane and let me know that it was perhaps something to be discussed later. Not sure why she did that, or why she felt Diane might not appreciate whatever it was she had to tell me, but then the opportunity never rose again, so she didn't. Why?"

"Oh, just something that Jim told me, that surprised me a little is all," I told her. "So I'm not surprised if Stacy decided not to mention anything to you about it either, especially with Diane hovering around. They don't know them as well as we do, so I'm sure they're being a bit more cautious around Mac and Diane, until they get to know them a little better."

"Ok...so now you've got my attention, and since I already have yours...how about you tell me what he said while I lay here and suck you off?"

"Maybe you'd better do that first before I tell you."

"Maybe you'd better tell me now before I do, because after I do, your mouth will be busy doing something else," she said smiling at me.

I laughed. "Maybe you're right. I'm sure it will be," I agreed. "Ok...here it is, Jim and Stacy are swingers!"

You could have heard a pin drop, even the waves lapping against the shore seemed to calm upon hearing that, as though listening as well, waiting for me to continue.

"No way. Jim? Stacy? Swingers? I think you've had one too many Margareta's," Penny told me, though the look in my face told her I was being dead serious. "Seriously? He told you that?"

"He did," I assured her. And then proceeded to tell her the entire conversation, including the fact that Jim had actually suggested that Penny bring the subject up with Stacy at the very first opportunity.

"I still can't believe it," she said now lying there holding onto my dick without doing anything to it as she thought about it. "But he's right about one thing...I'm definitely going to bring it up and mention it to her. I'd like to hear what she has to say about it, maybe you misunderstood him, or took it wrong," she guessed wondering.

"I doubt it honey, he was pretty specific in telling me. I doubt I could have mistaken what he told me, or heard what I thought I had heard him say, when he'd meant it as something else. No...he said they'd been intimate with other couples since day one, and the only reason they had never approached us back then, was because we hadn't been married all that long, and that they didn't want to frighten us away, or cause the loss of our friendship. The only reason he was telling me now was because we are friends, and also because they do happen to live pretty far away now, so it was less likely we'd be threatened or even shocked by knowing any of that."

"Well, I don't know about the shocked part, because I am...a little anyway. But threatened? No. They are after all our friends, and always will be. Just surprised we never figured that out, or saw anything that might suggest that they were. But...I certainly am going to mention it to Stacy, see what she has to say about it." Once again she turned smiling at me. "I don't mind telling you though Jack, just thinking about knowing that has sort of made me even hornier. How about you?"

I rolled Penny over, placed the head of my prick at the opening of her very, very wet pussy and slid in. "Does that answer your question?"

**

We weren't really gone all that long when we slowly made our way back to where Jim and Stacy had gotten a small fire burning on the beach. As yet, there was still no sign of Mac and Diane, though that didn't surprise us. According to the little we did know, Mac was quite the stud-muffin, and could fuck forever. It was even likely we wouldn't see the two of them again until morning.

"Enjoy yourselves?" Stacy teased us seeing us return. 

"We did...though probably not as much as Mac and Diane still obviously are," we snickered at their expense. Now with the fire going, I could see far easier Stacy's magnificent nude body, her tear-dropped shaped breasts looked sensual as hell. Each one capped with an equally alluring looking areola, far smaller than Diane's were perhaps, but just as dark and inviting, looking...or rather begging to be sucked on. To be honest about it, my mouth was now watering with the thought that perhaps at some point...maybe, just maybe...I might. Like Penny was, she was shaved, the women stood talking in silent whispers for a moment just out of earshot, I could just image what it was they were actually discussing too, though for the moment at least, Jim and I were both being treated to the breathtaking view of the two of them. As though reading my mind, Jim spoke.

"Can't you just imagine the two of them going down on one another?" He quipped?

Frankly, up until now...I hadn't honestly considered that. But I certainly was now. I was glad we were sitting again, feeling the all too familiar stirrings in my prick as I sat there, glad I could at least fold my leg up just enough to partially conceal my rapidly escalating condition. It was at that moment the girls strolled over towards us. 

"We're going back to the boat to make up a fresh batch of Margareta's," they told us, though Penny winked at me upon saying that. I knew then they'd spoken...at least a little bit, and would no doubt take the time to continue that particular conversation while making another pitcher for us to drink. Jim and I sat there watching our two lovely ladies stroll back to the boat, nice firm asses jiggling a little as they did. I heard Jim sigh contentedly while watching the two of them, which I found myself doing right along with him.

"Like I said...I don't think there's anything more sensual, more beautiful than seeing two women pleasuring one another, and the thought of seeing Stacy with Penny has got me as excited as hell!"

Unlike myself, Jim sat, his legs firmly planted on the ground in front of him, but his prick was at full staff, sitting well up from between his legs. I tried not to look, but I simply couldn't help myself. I'd never seen him hard before for one thing, and the fact that he could sit there the way he was, so nonchalantly, without giving any thought to his condition whatsoever surprised me. But he surprised me even more when I saw his hand suddenly grasp his dick and he sat there fondling himself in spite of the fact I was sitting there next to him. I still hid the fact that I had a pretty good-sized erection myself.

"You know Jack, I don't know that anything will in fact happen while we're here, but it's certainly fun thinking about it. So who knows? I will tell you this...Stacy's got one hell of a slick, soft pussy. And she has the muscle control to literally jack you off inside of her. But not only that...she's a squirter too. Ever seen a woman squirt before Jack? Seen a woman gush? Well...Stacy sure does. Wickedly hot if you don't mind me telling you so. Nothing like it, feeling all that hot warm juice spraying around your cock when she cums, or pouring inside your mouth while you're eating her. Fuck...drives me nuts just thinking about it!"
