 Three months after the Long Island adventure, Vic looked down at her lover keeping her warm in the small cool cabin in Woodstock. Three months after she envisioned the most likely subject to be the one for her, she was looking at him. She lingered over his long narrow torso, glanced at his penis, which was short and fat after it exploded thrillingly inside her a few minutes before. She would soon make it long and narrow again. 

Paul was his own man. His shaggy bearded head, hiding a long, narrow, handsome face, revealed his hippie nature. Ostensibly he was a copywriter, but the little extra money he got reviewing the local performance art scene in and around Woodstock for the local paper was where he felt satisfied. The reviews had an attitude which was endearing. He set the scene for the performance, bringing himself into the review. He let the reader know his mood, so they could receive his review realizing what kind of day he had had and why he might not like, or might rave at a performance. He let the reader know it was just his silly opinion, albeit intelligent and well versed in the viewing of a performance. 

Where he felt most relevant in his life was as a preacher of his own peculiar form of Unitarianism. His gatherings on Sundays were small, the tithing small and used for support of home schooling. They had met when Victoria accompanied Kristen and her son Max to discuss home schooling in Woodstock. Victoria and Miranda, Kristin's ex-lover and good friend, were planning to give Max his lessons. Kristen had become exclusive with Don, a man with a conservative soul, whom she loved. She didn't want to try the patience or the jealousy of her lover. Kristin set aside her lesbian tendencies for him.

On the other hand, Vic had found her man and expected him to accept his sharing her with Jim. And with Connie. And with Robyn, Jim's newest conquest. Vic thought of Robyn, the voluptuous, gorgeous, sexy African-American woman whom Jim modeled with and had fallen in love with a couple months before. She thought of the meeting of Jim and Robyn.

Vic stared at Paul's benign penis, when the disturbing thought broke through her inner peace. She was comparing this lovely cock to another's. It wasn't Jim's magnificent club, but one which was the closest in size to Jim's she had ever seen. A cock that would forever change her, despite its brief time in her life. The cock of a man who was as opposite a man as could be to Paul. Unlike Paul, Jamal was tough and mean and had a rigorous self confidence. Jamal was as much of the city as Paul was of the rural town. While Jamal was feral, Paul was as docile as a sheep. 

The thought of the big black man's big black cock disturbed her peace. She got out of bed, careful not to disturb her sleeping lover, covering him with a couple layers of blanket to protect him from the wintry air that slipped easily into his cabin, then covering herself with a soft terry robe. Despite the memory projecting onto Paul's body, she needed to separate herself from Paul, keep the two men faraway from each other, even in thought. She made tea and nestled with it, soaking in the steam and its sweet warmth. She let the memory flow through her like the hot tea. The herbal tea was sweet and tangy. The memory of Jamal was bitter.

After flirting with fiasco during the adventure in Long Island, Vic decided on a darker voyeuristic adventure. Inner city hip hip hop black club in Boston. The place was dark and loud, which was a good thing in a way, but mostly it would get to be difficult communicating, having their voyeur subjects communicate. But the good thing was it was a really cool club, oozing a neon, pulsating atmosphere. The dancing was hot to the steady hip-hop beat. There were a hundred pas de deux of the most blatant sexual kind being performed by mostly African Americans, mostly beautiful couples. Both Vic and Jim realized it was to be a physical seduction. No verbal cleverness here. They found a spot to observe the movements of the bar, looking for subjects. 

When Jim spotted Robyn, he felt like the cartoon wolf, his mouth gaping to the floor. Her voluptuous body was revealed by the tight, nearly painted on blouse and pants she wore. And her face was as breathtaking as Connie's. She was with girlfriends. He left Vic to attempt his seduction. A few moments later Vic was satisfied with her choice and sashayed her way beside the man. 

The two couples hit the dance floor. Jim didn't feel like he fit in with his sweeping moves. He looked like a huge pheasant with his big body and long arms. But he enjoyed the feeling it gave him, so he went with it, holding Robyn's eyes as much as he could with all the swooping he was performing. She seemed interested, though on the edge of mocking him. She actually broke out laughing on more than one occasion, throwing off her impossibly sexy bump and grind. When the beats slowed, Jim snuck up behind Robyn and held her, pressing the hill of his growing club against the resisting though hard to resist roundness of her ass. He matched her sways. He felt the firm muscles of her stomach as she moved beneath his hands. He turned her to face him, bent his knees, sliding his hardness along her stomach and down between her thighs. She liked what she felt. Her hands slid down to his ass. She felt its bulge, its firmness, as she pressed his other impressive bulge harder against her. Her pink tongue slipped out and she touched Jim's ear. "Ooh," she sighed, a long sigh starting deep in her lungs and then throaty, then finishing just at the top of the throat at the back of the mouth a little high, like a quiet squeal. 

Not a great dancer, Jamal was all about his intense dark eyes, watching the white flesh, aged yet firm, and the sexy, smart eyes and lips of this lovely forty year old blonde. He watched her every move as she shimmied to the thick beat. He pressed her against his loins during the slow dance. She could feel his powerful body and the thickness of his big cock beneath his classy shirt and slacks. He liked her flesh as well against him, its softness, the way her body fit against his, only a couple inches shorter than his six foot height. 

By the end of the slow song, Vic steered Jamal and Jim steered Robyn to the same area of the dance floor, on the edge where their table was near. When the mid-tempo groove throbbed, the bass shaking the floor, Jim and Vic steered Robyn and Jamal together, trading partners. They danced beside the new couple. Hoping. Praying. Watching. Not able to keep their eyes off their discoveries, but trying to divert the attention of the new lovers away from them and to each other. Both Vic and Jim enjoyed lingering over these beautiful people. Both were stirred to the core, the place between the thighs. Even Jim's heart was stirred by exchanging stares with Robyn. It was left to Jim to move farther away, to give the new couple space to meet. 

Gaining the distance they needed, Vic and Jim hungrily embraced, grinding their groins together to the beat.

"They're beautiful," said Vic loud enough to be heard as her tongue grazed Jim's ear. 

Jim responded by pushing into her harder, hitting the spot near her pelvic bone that hungered for the friction. Jim's and Vic's eyes shut and they groaned into their lover's ear. The thrill of their encounters was reverberating inside. More grinding would have brought both of them to climax. They held to a vibrant plateau until the song ended, and they headed to their table. 

Waiting patiently for Jamal and Robyn to end their pas de deux, they noticed the two were obviously appreciating each other's fabulous bodies, but weren't as energetic in their closeness. Their eyes would move away from each other and seek out the two matchmakers. After three or so glances towards the table, Jim signaled a drink to Robyn, who nodded her head, ending the dance. She sat across from Jim at the back of the table. Jamal sat across from Vic. Vic caught the waitress, and they ordered. The two hopeful new lovers sat together.

In the thudding silence, stares lingered across the table, broken by shared smiles between Vic and Jim. A couple of those smiles ended in gentle kisses

Eventually they shared names. By the time the drinks arrived, Vic paying for the round, they exchanged stories. Robyn was between jobs, between careers, having discovered she didn't enjoy elementary school teaching like she thought she would. But she wasn't sure what to do next. Jim could see she was a free spirit, an artistic spirit. 

"I bet you have a hobby important to you," he said. She nodded her head and smiled. "So maybe you could turn that into some job."

"I like to draw and paint," said Robyn in her medium high and throaty voice.

"Really? I'd love to see them," he said suddenly. 

"I'd love to show them to you," said Robyn. They smiled, lost in their eyes. Vic was concerned.

"So Jamal," asked Vic, "what do you do?"

"I'm partners in a clothing store downtown. Very classy clothes."

"I can see," said Vic, with the flirt well ensconced in the statement.

"I'm not a haberdasher, more a salesman. Promotion. I've made a few contacts. I'm good at the pitch."

"I can see you sell by example," said Vic as her eyes again traversed the terrain of his big strong body.

Jamal paid for the next round. Halfway through the drinks, Vic needed to use the toilet. She glanced at Robyn as she arose from her chair, catching Robyn's eye when she told the table her intentions. Robyn remained glued to her seat.

"Robyn, could you come along?" Vic finally asked. Jamal moved his strong body gracefully from the table, Vic noticing the large lump still there extending down his leg. Robyn slipped out. The two men eyed the voluptuous moves as the women departed, Jamal watching Vic while Jim was watching Robyn. 

"Nice," said Jamal. Jim agreed. Jim took a deep sip, prepping for the question.

"So, um, Jamal," Jim began. "Let me lay it on the table." Jamal stared into his eyes intensely. "We have this hotel room only a block away. We want the four of us to go up there, to enjoy some privacy. You like Robyn?" Jamal nodded carefully, continuing the intense stare. "I do to. I thought, if she's game, you could get to know her better. We'd like to watch you get to know her."

"You want to watch me fuck her?" asked Jamal. Jim nodded. "You like to watch?" Jim nodded. "Tell you the truth, she's got a delicious body, but I'd love to fuck your girlfriend."

"Well, she is my girlfriend."

"Of course. I'll do it only if I see Victoria naked. I know it would make the fucking hot."

"I don't see that as a problem. Okay. If Robyn is game."

"I bet you want that rich piece of chocolate."

"Yeah. I like Robyn."

"And guess what? She likes you too. You sure you don't want to change partners? Or maybe Victoria might? Fresh meat? Fresh meat between her legs?"

"Well, uh..."

"Well, uh....?" asked Jamal teasingly, grabbing for the gap in confidence Jim was revealing.

"No."

"Alright," said Jamal with a laugh.

The women approached the table. "You ready?" asked Vic. She emptied her drink down her throat. Everyone else followed suit. They walked to the door, retrieved their jackets, Jamal and Vic grabbing their leather while Jim got his wool suit jacket and Robyn her lovely thick white sweater. 

They traipsed through the early fall chill of the late night Boston city street to the hotel and waited quietly as the elevator brought them to the fifth floor. Robyn and Jamal first kissed at the doorway before Vic got the door opened. It was a tentative kiss that began to heat up as they entered the small room. Jamal held Robyn's perfect ass in his hands, pushing her pussy against his cock. Tongues were thrashing by the time they reached the edge of the bed. His lips separated, and with one last touch of tongues he lowered her to the bed, revealing his strength by the slowness of the descent. 

Sitting on the two chairs at the side of the bed, Vic and Jim held hands tightly, gripped by the vision of sex before them. Jim led Vic's hand to his rigid club straining his jeans. Licking her lips, Vic stroked the massive thing. 

Through their clothes, Jamal slid his massive cock against Robyn's hot pussy. He was on his knees leaning hard against her, holding her ass, mashing her against him. Robyn reached up to undo his shirt, opening it to the well defined muscles of his chest. He pulled off the shirt, her legs holding the two thrusting crotches together. She pealed off her shirt. He reached behind her to release her firm dark breasts from the lacy blue bra, where they stood high and proud. Vic and Jim enjoyed the revelations of their opposite sex on the bed.

Jim kneeled between his lover's thighs and undid her blouse and pants. Still mesmerized by Jamal's body, occasionally closing her eyes when she glanced down at his busy package and imagined it was her instead of Robyn feeling it, Vic was glued to the action before her, barely noticing the state of nakedness she was soon reaching. Once her breasts were revealed and Jim was working on her pants, she stood to make it easier. Jamal stood as well at the end of the bed and slowly undid his slacks and unzipped. He was watching Vic's body revealed and liked what he saw. Vic stepped out of her pants and panties. Jamal quickly reached over and grabbed her and pushed her to her knees. She pulled his pants down, his massive purple black cock springing out. Her face was close enough for the thick heavy cock head to slap it when she pulled the pants fully off. 

"Wait," said Jim, grabbing Jamal as gently as possible. "You said..."

Jamal pushed Jim aside with seeming ease which sent Jim flying to the floor. The unfortunate presence of a chair in the way of the fall caused Jim to hit the edge of it with his head, cutting into his forehead, before bruising his cheek when the head struck the floor. Jim was out.

Vic didn't notice. She was lost in the vision of the massive black cock before her. Her hand didn't quite make it around the shaft. Her lips barely encircled the head. She licked the precum, then licked all around the head and down the shaft, slicking it up for her hand. The hand stroked while the lips let his great helmet into her mouth. She sucked, pulling the head to the back of her throat before getting into a stroking motion, the cock getting further inside, stretching out her throat. Jamal closed his eyes, loving it, then opened them to watch the best blow job he ever had.

Robyn deserted the bed, sitting on the floor, making sure Jim was still alive. He was breathing. His eyes opened. His head throbbed. But despite the violence and the resulting headache, he smiled up at the radiant creature above him. The smile broke through her concern, and she laughed at the crazy but handsome and exciting young man. The concern remained though. She rolled across the bed to get to the bathroom in order to grab some wet towels. He was bleeding freely from the laceration on his forehead near his right temple. Returning seconds later, she steered around the bed, now occupied by Jamal on his back and Vic between his legs, still working his cock. 

Jamal found himself thrusting his massive cock deeper into Vic's throat. Beginning to lose control, and not wanting his time with this gorgeous blonde to end too soon, he reluctantly pulled the hungry mouth from its feeding and turned Vic around to take his place on the bed. Her legs opened and his lips dove in. No subtle tease, but a full on assault of her pussy. His lips sucked her nether lips, pulling on them. His tongue lapped up the space between them and over her clit. "Ooooh," groaned Vic. "Mmm," said Jamal, his enjoyment of her taste buzzed against her sensitive pussy.

Robyn lay Jim's head on her luscious lap, still clothed in her tight pants. He enjoyed the feel of her strong thighs. Her naked breasts swayed teasingly near his face as she pushed the wet towel against the bleeding cut. While one hand pressed, the other took the rest of the towel and cleaned up the blood. They stared into each other's eyes. Jim, nestling deeper into her lap, felt the wet heat and the throbs against the back of his head emanating from her pussy. His hand coaxed her torso to bend. His tongue dabbed at her dark areola, and along the tender firm flesh of her breast. She straddled him across his abdomen and continued to minister to his cut, while her breasts dangled close enough for his tongue and lips to adore them. Lowering her hot crotch further down his torso, it pressed against his thick club. Her lips met his. They sucked in his lower lip, her tongue enjoying the slick texture. She kissed around the edge of his mouth and up to his upper lip. Her hand pulled his head against her face, the other hand still holding the towel against his gash. Even his throbbing head became one with the loving feeling he felt at their lips. Head to toe he was throbbing, pain morphing into passion. 

Noticing the change of position on the bed above him, he grabbed Vic's purse and pulled out a rubber. He handed it to Robyn.

"Robyn, put it on Jamal, please," said Jim as persuasive as his unsteady voice could manage. Jamal was rising his big body up, his massive black hard-on approaching the juicy pale pink portal of ultimate desire. "Please."

Robyn ripped open the package and took out the tan colored condom. She set it up at Vic's throbbing entrance where she rolled it over Jamal's impressive cock. She then guided the covered tip to its destination. Then Jim and Robyn sat together, their backs against the wall, their naked torsos touching, their fingers touching breasts and fondling the hot wet space between their thighs, feeling the swelling, sustaining it, as they watched the young strong handsome black man fuck the beautiful middle aged white woman.

Vic pulled her knees open wide. As Jamal eased his cock inside, forcing space for it, his tongue entered Vic's mouth. He played out the fuck at both mouths. His cock reached further inside, pulled out and sunk in, and his tongue did the same. Her mouths closed around these welcome intrusions. Her lean strong hands took hold of his tight ass and pulled him deeper. His immense strength barely registered her effort, but his penetration got deeper and his thrusts quickened as her squeezing hands seemed to demand. He slowed when he sensed her climax approaching. His mock fucking of his tongue in her mouth ended as he brought his mouth down to enjoy her big soft white breasts, twisting the pink nipples with his lips. Her hips' gyrations of pleasure pushed his cock in and out and deep as he could go at a quicker pace. As he suckled with more intensity, he bore down with hard thrusts, slapping his groin against her thighs and his sack of swelling balls against her big, pretty, pale ass. 

Suddenly his motion stopped. He pulled his cock out with a pop. He turned her over and pulled her ass up high, sinking his cock swiftly back into the molten center of her body. His hips slapped against her ass as he rapidly fucked her. One of his big hands took hold of her hanging breasts and fondled them firmly. Fingers of the other hand felt his cock sliding in and out of her distended pussy and pressed her pubic bone and rubbed her clit. 

Vic reached back to fondle his balls as they passed over her hand. His strokes quickened as he pounded with short strokes deep inside. She felt the vibrations of his balls as his cock reached maximum size and began to throb. His last three wild thrusts hit her just right. They froze up together, his arms squeezing her body as he let loose his seed and she rumbled out her orgasm. They crumpled down on the bed, his cock throbbing out his cum still embedded inside her equally throbbing pussy. 

As the orgasmic vibrations subsided along with the size of his cock, the dwindling cock was loosening the full condom, so he removed the floppy container of his cum and tossed it aside. They settled side to side. 
