 "This is my last address for today, I have to get home and work on my paper for my African Economy class," I told Haley as she gave me the three medium pizzas.

"Yeah, I know," she said, and then added with a wink, "But this is a special delivery exclusively for you."

I glanced at the order. In the remarks row Haley wrote with her perfect handwriting, "Send good looking delivery guy for big tip." So I was a good looking delivery guy, at least according to Haley. Always good to know, as Haley was not the kind of girl I'd kick out of my bed either. In fact, I've been trying to get together with her ever since I saw her on my first day here, and while we flirted quite a lot, she always evaded giving a definite answer whenever I brought up the idea of a date. Lately there was some change though, as once or twice we went to catch a movie or had a drink after work, but still every time there was a This is not a date sign hanging over the whole event.

It took me less than ten minutes to get the pizzas to the address on the order. It was a nice two-story family house in the fancier neighbourhood of the town, surrounded by a brick fence that provided the necessary privacy most people living in this area desired. I parked my small Piaggio, removed my helmet and hit the button on the intercom.

"Pizza delivery," I said when I heard a female voice answering.

"Great! Bring the scooter in as well."

I was wondering why, as I did not really want to spend more than two minutes here, but I did as I was told, not wanting to risk the big tip.

When I got to the door, I knocked twice and a deadly hot looking woman in her late thirties opened the door. To my surprise, she was stark naked, wearing only a smile that made my mind melt and my cock rock hard.

"Pi...holy shit! Wow, I was not prepared for that," I mumbled, but she just took the pizzas from my hand and ushered me in.

"Thanks, I love men who are frank. I hope you're not offended," she said with a giggle. "I'm Gina by the way. Oh my, Haley definitely didn't exaggerate when she told me about you." As she spoke, she stepped next to me and fondled my biceps. I was literally petrified and could not get my eyes off her. She was almost 6' high, had long brown hair, nice tan skin and a body that showed the signs of regular exercises. Her C-cup breasts were obviously enhanced to be perfectly round and hard and the surgeon had definitely created a masterwork. Her pussy was shaved and she had a piercing in her navel.

"The big decision for you to take this evening is if you want to get your clothes off and bang my friends and me, or just take the 200 bucks and leave," she asked as her hands wandered to my cock. Nobody had ever asked me such an easy question before.

"Your friends?" I asked as I started to take my shirt off. Somewhere in the back of my mind the words African Economy echoed, but they seemed to be far away and fantasy like, while the gorgeous woman in front of me was close and very much real.

"Yes, Mina and Liz, just two girls like me in their late thirties, recently dumped by their husbands for a younger model," she said casually, lightly swaying her ass as she went to the bar. "And don't worry. We all have kids of our own and do not want to have another, so we are well prepared," she added. 

"Would you like something to drink?" she asked as she placed the pizza boxes on the bar counter and poured Martini into a glass for herself. I cast a glance on the bottles and decided for an Aperol with ice. She put some ice into a new glass and poured an overly generous amount of the bright red liquid on them, and one could hear the sweet tinkling-cracking sound of the blocks as they knocked into each other and into the wall of the glass as they started to melt.

"How do you know Haley?" I asked her as she made my drink. I was surprised when she mentioned her name earlier and wanted to know just what kind of female conspiracy I have fallen into.

She playfully dropped a slice of lemon into my drink and handed it over to me and I took a long sip as she answered.

"She's my daughter."

I had to cough. "Your what?" I hardly managed to get the words out. Haley mentioned me once that she and her mother were quite close as her mother was quite young, but I thought that this meant mid-forties.

"Yeah, I know. I was only 19 when she was born. Anyway, she told me a lot about you, but she said that she did not want to get involved in a relationship with someone she had to work together with. However, she did not object when I asked her to send you over here tonight, and it seems that her loss is our gain." 

And as she said the last sentence with that smile, I felt that African Economy will have to wait, and not just a few hours.

"So I guess it's not just a pleasant twist of fate that I had to deliver those pizzas here tonight..." I concluded the obvious.

"No, not at all. But please, make yourself comfortable," she told me as she led me to one of the overly welcoming white leather sofas. I looked around in the living room as I sat down. The room was large, probably larger than my whole apartment and was nicely furnished with modern, but not necessarily new furniture. 

The walls were treated with anaglyptic wallpaper and were decorated with large, professional photographs. White sofas and couches surrounded a low, wooden coffee table on the beautifully maintained parquet that was covered by an expensive looking Turkish carpet. Bookshelves in the same style as the coffee table, covered by glass doors to protect the books inside and a white pianino completed the furniture. A stereo system with nicely hidden speakers playing soft lounge music and warm lights from the lamps created a cozy atmosphere. Altogether the room gave the impression that the owners liked quality and comfort, but led an unostentatious life. 

On one side large French windows provided access to the patio and to a small pool. The patio was furnished to be an outdoor extension to the living room. 

My beautiful host quickly placed the pizzas on large plates and called out to the patio. "Girls, come in, our pizza and the dessert have arrived!" she said, and looked mischievously at me, especially at my cock when she said the word dessert. Then she took her drink and sat directly into my lap straddled, with her back on me and her long legs touching the floor. My cock was already hard, but as her ass cheeks softly surrounded it, I though it will burst. I gave out a low moan, put my drink down on the table and my hand started to wander towards her pussy. I did not encounter any resistance, so I started to gently run my fingers up and down along the outer lips.

"Oooh, this feels soooo good," Gina said in a weak voice, and as she leaned back onto my chest, I started to softly nibble her right nipple. She closed her eyes, took deep breaths and enjoyed as my hands slowly went from the outer lips to explore her slit. She was soaking wet, my fingers got covered with her pussy juices almost immediately as they found her slightly protruding clit. 

When I started to gently massage her clit, she let out a sigh and lifted her feet off the ground and placed them on my legs. This allowed me to manoeuvre my cock with the help of my free hand to her pussy and once I felt it was in place, I slowly started to push it in. It slipped easily into her pussy and she softly squeezed it. In this position I was not able to push it completely in, but it was enough for both of us at this moment. Her pussy was hot and the soft squeeze on my cock made me feel as if I were in heaven.

"Hahhhh," she said. 

"Ohh, yeah baby," I whispered into her ear as I continued to gently massage her clit and softly nibble her nipple. I did not move my cock; just being inside her was enough for me now. 

Her breathing became more and more heavy; I could feel her orgasm slowly building up as it was more and more difficult in my position to keep her nipple in my mouth. 

Her orgasm started almost unnoticeably, but as I did not stop when the first spasms rolled through her body, it turned into a violent eruption. She bended suddenly forward, literally ripped herself off my cock and grabbed the edge of the coffee table while her whole body was shaking. She lowered her head and cried barely comprehensibly. "Aaaah, fuuuck, fuuuuuck!" was all she could word. I was astonished myself, as I have never seen such a thing before. I just sat on the sofa, my cock still rock hard, pointing upwards and covered by her juices, and watched as her orgasm rolled through her body. 

When I could act again, I gently took her in my arms and laid her down on the sofa, where she curled up into a foetal position, almost unconsciously. It was at this time that I noticed her two friends. They were sitting on the bar stools and obviously saw everything. They both fondled their tits with one of their hands while used the other to caress their pussies. 

Both of them were in their late thirties and both looked absolutely gorgeous, but similarity definitely ended there.

One of them was a blonde with a slender but not overly athletic body, small tits and light skin. She was quite tall, maybe as tall as me as even sitting on a barstool her legs almost reached the floor. Her pussy was shaved; she only kept a nicely trimmed small triangle of public hair. 

The other one had slightly darker features, dark brown hair and nice, tan skin. She had nice, naturally large tits that showed minimum sag, most probably the after-effects of breastfeeding. She was not thin at all, but she was not chubby either, she had those certain extra pounds that gave her a healthy look. She had henna paintings along the whole length of both legs, an intricate motive of blooming flowers. Her pussy was not shaved, but was properly trimmed. Looking at them made my rock hard cock jump.

"My god, that was hot!" the dark haired one said, her voice full of lust. "I really hope that you still have enough steam for the two of us," she added and called me with her finger to get closer, then pointed in the direction of her pussy, making clear what she wanted.

"Liz, please don't make his dick completely useless!" the blonde one said naughtily and they both started to laugh. At least I knew which one was Liz and which one was Mina.

I readily stepped between her legs and used my left hand to guide my cock into her pussy while my right hand embraced her around her waist. Both she and her pussy were ready for action, so I pushed the full length of my cock into her pussy with a single movement. She let out a loud moan as I started to move my shaft in and out of her with long, steady strokes. I was already totally aroused after my turn with Gina and while I wanted to please her as well, I also badly wanted to cum. She seemed to be a partner, as only after two or three strokes she strongly clasped my waist with her legs and let out moans showing she wanted my cum as much as I wanted to give it to her.

I grabbed her with both hands, raised her from the barstool with her legs still around me and with a single move I laid her on the coffee table. I leaned over her and with my hands on the table and her arms around my neck I continued to fuck her. 

I gave all my power into each trust and she reacted with a satisfied "Aaahh" each time, trying to pull me deeper inside her with her legs, although it was not physically possible. I felt that my cock started to swell as my cum started to rise and she felt it too, as she suddenly strongly squeezed my cock and her whole body tightened. 

We both groaned loudly and came almost simultaneously. I pumped my load into her hot pussy with long, deep strokes, and when I felt that the storm was subsiding, I decided to pull my cock out for a few moments and empty my last drops onto her nicely shaved public hair, and then quickly pushed my cock back into her warm pussy. As my cock did not start to deflate immediately, I kept fucking her passionately until her legs slowly started to loosen the grip. 

We were both fighting for breath, but while she could close her eyes and just rest while her fingers slowly smeared all over her crotch the cum oozing out of her pussy, I felt a gentle but demanding hand on my ass.

"My turn," a voice behind me said and its owner placed a soft kiss on the back of my neck.

I turned around to face the beautiful blonde. I placed my hands on her hip and we kissed wildly. Then she slowly lowered herself onto her knees, took my spent cock into her mouth and started to clean it. Her tongue danced wonderfully around my cock, but I felt a bit tired and my legs were a bit weak, so I pulled my cock out of her mouth and asked her "How about some sixty-nine?"

The huge smile on her face showed that she liked the idea, and soon I was lying on the floor and she was over me on all fours. It was a beautiful sight. Her perfect ass and the warm, soft pussy with the small triangle of public hair made me horny again, even though I only came a few minutes ago. She took my cock eagerly back into her mouth and tried to make my cock hard again, while I grabbed her ass and pulled her pussy to my mouth. I started lapping her inner lips first, but after a minute or so I decided to lightly suck her clit. 

She was dripping from excitement and I slowly pushed one finger into her pussy. She moaned with my cock in her mouth, but did not stop as she felt that it started to grow again and did not want to lose the momentum. I concentrated on her pussy, slowly pushed another finger in and started to finger-fuck her.

After a few minutes I felt that her orgasm started to build, as she stopped bobbing on my cock, raised her head and took deep breaths through the nose. She tried to keep stimulating my cock with her hand, but could not concentrate. She just held it in her hand, occasionally stroking it to keep it hard.

"Uuuhh, this feels great! Don't stop baby, don't stop! Push one more finger in, pleeease!" she said in a hungry voice. I happily pushed my third finger inside her pussy and increased the pace. "Yesss, baby, yesssss! That's it, don't stop!" she said again and again, but after fucking her with three fingers for several minutes I felt that something was missing; I could not push her over the edge. 

Then acting on instinct, I pushed the thumb of my other hand that was on her ass into her anus and she exploded immediately. "Eeeeeeeeeiiiii! Fuuuuck, you're killing me baby!" she cried and grabbed my cock with such a force I thought she will crush it. My fingers were drenched as I kept them inside her pussy to feel the spasms.

It took her a long time to calm down and as she did, she resumed stroking my cock with her hand. Soon her tongue joined in and started to play with the sensitive part under the piss-hole. I felt that I will come again shortly and she could feel it too, as she placed her mouth over the tip to catch the cum. I grunted and started to shoot my load into her mouth and she made sure not a drop was wasted. Then she took the head into her mouth and started to suck out whatever remained within. It was almost painful, but still it felt so good I did not want her to stop. 

I slowly moved my head and saw that the other two girls were asleep, Gina on the sofa as I left her and Liz right on the coffee table, also just as I left her. I closed my eyes and slowly fell asleep. I felt as Mina cuddled up to me and I put my arm on her shoulder to draw her closer.

When I woke up, I felt that someone was playing with my half erect cock. I opened my eyes and saw that Liz and Mina were sitting on one arm of a couch each and Gina was lying on the floor between my legs and used her tongue to stimulate my cock. It immediately became rock hard when I realized what was happening. Gina gave me a satisfied smile and stood up, stepped over my crotch and with a simple move sat into my dick. It slipped into her pussy completely and she let out a satisfied sigh.

"Just stay as you are," she said with a smile as she sat on her heels and started to slowly move up and down my cock. 

"You can start the timer, Mina," she called out, and I saw as Mina clicked on the screen of her smartphone. When she saw my quizzical look, she continued. "We made a bet. If I can make you cum within five minutes for the third time this evening, she will have to lick my pussy clean, but if not, then we will make you cum over her tits and I'll have to lick them clean."

"Sooooo," I asked mischievously, "You will make me cum one way or the other, right?"

"Right! Quite a serious bet, isn't it." Liz said laughing.

"Oh, yes it certainly is... Okay," I said with a wide smile, "go ahead!"

I closed my eyes and decided to just let things happen. Gina started to move up and down my cock, slowly at first but quickly increasing the pace, never letting more than half of my cock out of her pussy. 

She moved slowly back and forth, knowing perfectly well how to drive a guy crazy and milk his cock. Giving me as much pleasure as possible was obviously more important for her at that moment then to concentrate on her own orgasm. After two minutes she became a bit tired and lowered herself onto her knees and put her hands on my chest for support. Her perfect tits were dangling right in front of me. I wanted to touch them, but Mina intervened.

"No-no-no-no-no, only Gina is allowed to move!" 

After only three minutes that unmistakeable feeling started to get stronger and stronger in my balls and my cock started to swell. As Gina also noticed my growing excitement, she went back on her heels and started to move up and down on my cock with newfound vigour.

"Come on baby, cum into my pussy," she said in a lustful voice and licked her lip. She looked directly into my eyes for the last ten seconds or so before I finally started to pump my cum into her cunt. When she felt that I shot my last load, she raised herself but did not let my cock to slip out. She used her thumb and index finger to strike my cock a few times and made sure that all the cum still inside my shaft made its way into her pussy. When she was sure there was nothing left, she stood up and moved over to a barstool. She gave a triumphant smile to Mina, who knelt in front of her with pretended sadness on her face.

"Oh, my, I lost the bet. Now I will have to keep my word and clean your pussy," she said to Gina and then started to lick the cum that had begun to ooze out of Gina's cunt. Gina visibly enjoyed Mina's tongue, closed her eyes and moaned softly. I watched them for several moments before I felt that Liz started to clean my cock. She took my limp cock into her mouth and circled her tongue delicately around the head and along the shaft. She softly sucked my cock two or three times and finally kissed my piss-hole as she placed my cock on my stomach.

When we were ready, the girls decided that it was time for a shower, so we all went to the bathroom together. There was a large bathroom upstairs, recently redesigned with a large shower area and a large, single wash-basin. Large, glossy tiles covered the walls and the floor. There was no separated shower cabin; instead a corner of the bathroom was fitted with a complex and expensive looking shower-head system and the floor of the room was slightly tilted to direct the flow of the water into a drain. 

Gina set the water temperature and turned on soft lights to create a pleasant atmosphere. She opened a small cabinet and took out three bars of soap. She gave one bar to Mina and another to Liz and the girls stepped giggling into the shower together.

They started to lather each other with great care, softly massaging the tits and the ass cheeks of the other. I just watched them as their hands danced a rhythmic choreography up and down. When they were all fully covered in soap, they dragged me out of my trance and under the water and started to lather me with their bodies. They continued their dance, gently pushed their soapy tits, bellies, backs and asses against me and wreathed their arms around my body. It was something I had never experienced before. 
