 Chapter 1: Decisions

After Tia and Tim Sloan had gotten little Rik to bed they sat down and began to discuss the recent events of the day. They had casually run into Greg and Gwn Strong at the mall and invited them over this weekend for dinner.

Greg was special to Tia and Tim as he was the biological father of little Rik . 

The evening’s conversation centered on Tia and Tim’s plan to have another child. Both agreed that they wanted the same biological father for their second child. 

They were very happy with their first son as he had been the product of an extremely successful breeding program developed by the New Life Center. It had been particularly satisfying to Tia who was a leading research fellow at the New Life Center. She was considered one of their most modern thinkers in the area of human reproduction.

However the chance meeting they had with Greg and Gwn influenced a different twist on her quest for a second child. Tia wasn’t sure she wanted to participate within the clinical structure of the Life Center if they could agree to a more natural setting.

Tia and Tim recently sensed some repetitive routine creep into their sex lives. Tia had always kept Greg in her catalog of fantasies. She had always been very open and honest with her husband. They had several conversations about including another couple in their sex lives. 

Tia began, “Tim, can you accept Greg as the surrogate donor of another child.”

“That’s not a difficult question to answer, of course I can,” said Tim. “There’s no jealousy on my part and I think our son needs a little sister. I think it would be best if both were from the same biological father. I like Greg and in a strange way feel very comfortable around him.

You know I’m just as enthusiastic about your work as you. The Semen Experiment was very rewarding for me and I’ve got you to thank for including me in one of your programs.”

Gwn though for a few moments and asked, “How would you feel if we approached the subject of exchanging partners for the sake of pleasure and procreation with Greg and Gwn. Our love is more solid now than ever. We are even more mature today than we were before little Rik was born. I think I’m ready to get pregnant again. But at the same time I am interested a different partner from time to time just to put a little more excitement back into our sex lives. I hope that doesn’t offend you.” 

“Oh, not at all,” was Tim’s reply.“ I feel the same way. We’ve discussed this before. I got to know Greg quite well during your impregnation. With little Rik, there is a kinship there that bonds us all together. I guess the question is… how would Greg’s wife feel about this?”

Tia began, ”I know Greg mentioned that he and Gwn had an open sex relationship with another couple. I’m not sure what their reaction might be as a couple. There’s only one way to find out.”

Chapter 2: Dinner Discussion

Tia and Tim anxiously awaited Greg and Gwn’s arrival. They were having prime rib catered in for the evening. The candlelit table provided a warm comfortable atmosphere and the wine provide the relaxation needed for the evening discussion. 

Greg got to meet little Rik just before the baby sitter picked him up. Later, small talk consumed most of the discussion during dinner. After dinner, Tia and Gwn gathered up the dishes and put them in the dishwasher then drifted back to the family room where they joined Tim and Greg. Each of the girls brought their husband a glass of wine.

Tia expressed her joy at seeing Greg and Gwn at the mall. Tia began, “As I mentioned over the phone, we have invited you over to see if you Greg might be interested in helping us conceive a new baby. Greg, I hope you have discussed this with Gwn.” 

“Oh yes!” was Gwn’s answer. “I’m excited for both of you. Greg kept me well informed when he was involved in your original impregnation. I was almost excited as he.”

A smile radiated across Greg’s face. He then turned and looked sheepishly at Gwn and said, “Gwn supports my participation completely. She comes from a family who was very liberal in regards to their sex life. Her parents led an open marriage and showed us how to live the same lifestyle in a very mature and class fashion.

Tia responded, “I remembered Greg mentioning that.”

“Well, that was true until about six months ago, said Gwn. “Our special couple was relocated as a result of career move. The increase in money was too great for them to turn down.” 

Gwn continued, “We have been picky in selecting another couple. We have not found anyone that both of us feel compatible with. We are not interested in another couple for one night stands or just to satisfy some horny urge. We look at such a relationship as one special and one that forms a special bond with another couple. Our parents taught us that we all need someone other than ourselves to call on from time to time. From our perspective, we feel that taking that to sexual intimacy is natural. We gain a sense of trust from them. We can depend on them for support during times of emergency.”

Nodding in agreement Tim responded, “I’ve had some of the same thoughts. But I’ve never had anyone put it into such clear focus as you have Gwn. Tia and I are interested in a similar relationship. She completely understands the purpose sex plays in all our lives from a procreative standpoint. Clinically she participates in that process everyday. She can be very objective about taking another partner for procreation. She has taught me how to separate recreational sex from love.” 

“I am also interested in the effect the heightened sex responses have on a person’s emotional stability.” answered Gwn. “I am convinced that different levels of sexual intimacy can be separated from the special pair bond a committed couple has achieved over time.”

Tia laughed and said, “I see Gwn’s experience in human psychology coming out. I think what she says makes a lot of sense.” 

“The question arises, how do we carry our friendship to a higher level of intimacy,” asked Tim? “I don’t think that will be difficult with Tia and Greg. I know Tia wants Greg to be the father of our next child. Sexually, she enjoyed Greg immensely. Tia and I love little Rik mare than anyone can imagine. So it seems normal that Greg becomes surrogate father of our second child. 

Turning to Gwn, Tim shyly said, “I don’t want to push myself on you Gwn, even though I find you very attractive.

Gwn responded through an amused smile, “We wouldn’t be here tonight if we weren’t interested in that possibility. I want to know you and Tia better. Tim, I find you very handsome and sincere. I especially like your understanding of Tia’s needs. I think that’s very sexy. 

Gwn continued, “Maybe, you and I can meet at a restaurant for some conversation and just see where it goes from there. We can coordinate our meeting with Tia and Greg’s first meeting. We know where they will wind up,” 

They all laughed at Gwn’s comment.

Tia changed the subject slightly when she asked Greg to describe the prior relationship

He and Gwn shared with someone else. 

Greg replied, “We will not mention their names. Let’s just call them Mr. and Mrs. X. They were neighbors of ours. In fact the wife was employed in the Psychology Department at Great Lake University where Gwn was teaching. We got to know them quite well as we visited quite often. We enjoyed numerous intellectual conversations about all subjects relating to psychology. Obviously sex falls into that category. Gwn was able to bring her parents experience into our conversations and before we knew it we had become intimate. It brought us much closer together as two couples.”

Tia could hardly contain her curiosity. “How did you two become intimate?”

“I’ll let Gwn tell that story,” said Greg. “She’s a great storyteller.”

Gwn began, “It started with the normal flirtation and innuendo. Our discussions had pretty much removed most of our modesty. Flirtatious comments got bantered about freely. Suggestive conversations were enjoyed by all of us. I think we all knew where we were going with our friendship. After dinner one evening, Greg and Mrs. X made a convenient trip to the grocery. Quite frankly, Mrs. X and I had planned the errand. Anyway, while they were gone, her husband and I took a lot of touchy-feely liberties with each other. He loved to come up behind me and press his groin against my rear end. Naturally I would respond by spreading my legs a little. 

As we became bolder with each other he would start caressing my breast, which I dearly love. I soon felt comfortable in grasping and stroking his penis outside his clothing. Needless to say we both got pretty hot. We began to kiss passionately, as he turned me in his arms and pressed me back against the counter. I opened my legs to give him better access into my midsection. His hardness was apparent from the beginning and he was doing a great job of turning me on.

After being gone for about an hour, Greg and Mrs. X returned from the grocery. Luckily, Greg and I had a good suspicion that tonight’s activities would lead to some serious sex play. Mrs. X and I had planned it that way. When Greg saw my tousled hair and passion filled face he suggested that he take Mrs. X home.

As the car left the driveway, Mr. X turned me back into his arms and continued his play. His hands slid under my skirt and found its way to my inner thighs. There is a soft area next to my panty line that makes me weak just thinking about it. My knees buckled when he found that area. I wanted him immediately when his hand contacted my soaked panties. 

I pulled his shirt out of his pants and ran my hands over his chest. Later, I encircled his waist with my right arm and dropped my left hand around his cock. He was so hard. I struggled to release his belt. I had to feel his flesh.

He rose and briefly stopped our activities. I directed him to our guest bedroom.

Maybe it was a guilty conscious, but I hoped that Greg was doing the same thing to his wife.

He sat me on the edge of the bed and slowly disrobed. I stared at his mid-section and waited until he exposed his swollen cock. The sight of a new and different cock is always a pleasurable experience for me. 

He walked in close and started to unbutton my blouse. I instinctively wrapped all of my fingers from both hands around his manhood. My lips engulfed his cock as he combed my hair through his fingers.

My parents told me that this day would come and now I was ready. My intuition told me that Greg and his wife were enjoying the same pleasures.

His breathing became deeper and his hips began a slow rhythmic thrusting. He placed both hands on the side of my face and pulled away. A thick stream of lubrication bridged the area between my lips and the end of his pulsating rod. The image was so carnal and erotic. I moved to the center of the bed and placed a pillow under my head and raised my hips as he hooked his fingers in the waistband of my panties. The last fabric of resistance disappeared. 

He mounted the end of the bed on his hands and knees. My legs spread as he crawled over me. Propped on my elbows, I kept my eyes on his dangling cock. I begged him to fuck me. He just stopped and nestled in that supple area inside my thighs. My juices were flowing freely. I could feel the wetness soak the sheets. The lips of his mouth covered the lips of my pussy. Then in a French-kiss fashion his tongue probed the inner recesses of my vulva. I knew my lips were spreading open as he flattened his tongue over my opening. My legs spread further.

I wanted his cock so badly. My fingers dug into his hair. I tried to pull him up and over me. I begged him to put his cock in me. I was holding back an orgasm. I didn’t want to cum until his cock was buried to the fullest. I wanted to feel his explosion down deep inside. 

He rose like a bull and placed that marvelous mushroom head between the lips of my cunt. The velvet end of his rod nestled at my opening. I hooked my heels behind his thighs and urged his forward advance. 

That first penetration from a new lover is always unforgettable. My lips spread from his invasion. He eased through my opening. I squeezed and massaged every inch of his penetration. He kept stroking and building my passion. I sensed a fullness occupying my inner core. 

It is impossible to describe the ecstasy. I cradled this man in my arms and encircled his hips with my legs. Both of us embraced the other and held on tightly. Our faces were locked in a passionate kiss. The base of his hard cock rode my clit against the pubic bone. Our bodies rocked in unison truly as one human being. 

My vaginal walls stroked his hardness as his cock burrowed deep into the core of my sexuality. My uterus opened intermittently to kiss the end of his sensitive glans. I sensed his pending explosion. 

The point of no return was upon us. We held onto each tighter. Strange noises escaped our being. Spasms rocked our bodies. His scrotum drew tightly against the base of his cock and a peaceful sensation spread through my mid-section as he bathed my inner core with warm ejaculate. His cock injected semen and sperm with every involuntary contraction.”

Everyone paused for a moment not wanting the story to end, Finally, Tim said, “WOW,” I don’t think I’ve ever heard anything described with such sensuality.”

“Thanks”, smiled Gwn, “maybe we will get our chance.”

Tia and Greg responded with a polite applause. Tia said, “I hope we can become very close friends, and, hopefully, intimate couples. How should we plan our next meeting.”

Gwn answered, “I suggest that next weekend Greg visit Tia here at her home and let Tim and I meet at The Lamp-Lite Steakhouse where we can continue some more conversation. Tim and I will return to our home in Ranier City where he will spend the night. If things progress to intimacy, then fine, if Tim rejects me he can sleep alone in the spare bedroom. I hope that’s not the case though.”

Tim laughed and said, “I don’t think I will be doing any rejecting. I would like to jump your bones right now.” 

Gwn smiled and said, “For a little bit I might let you.”

Chapter 3: The Intimate Meeting between Tim and Gwn

It seemed to take forever before the next weekend arrived.

Tia and Tim drove to the Lamp-Lite Steakhouse to meet Greg and Gwn. Greg and Gwn lived about thirty miles away. The plan was for Tia to bring Greg back her home, then let Gwn and Tim get to know each other better over dinner. After dinner Gwn and Tim would drive back to Ranier City where they would spend the rest of the evening. 

Tim and Gwn waved goodbye to Tia and Greg, then entered the restaurant where they were escorted to their table. The steaks were great. Later, the conversation turned to matters of the heart.

Gwn complimented Tim on their decision to select her husband as the biological father of their second child. She commented, “Greg was very flattered.”

“Oh it was a no-brainer,” said Tim. “Tia would not consider anyone else. She became so close to Greg during the first impregnation. In many ways, Tia views themselves as pioneers in the reproduction program at The New Life Center. That’s her work and she and I have a son that is a product of that effort.

The fulfillment she got from the personal impregnation confirmed all her theories. She has a deep appreciation for conception in this manner as opposed to any means of artificial insemination. The pleasure she got out of the sex was almost spiritual for her.”

“Should I be worried or jealous,” asked Gwn.

“You mean should you or I worry,” laughed Tim. “No! I don’t think so. Tia has proven to me over and over how much she loves me and little Rik. We have our careers and we are building our families. I was worried more two years ago than I am now.”

“How so?” asked Gwn.

“My sperm count is less than normal and technically I’m considered infertile. That’s the situation I found myself in. 

But Tia had a plan to help me with my self confidence and so far it’s worked. She include me in one of her fertility experiments.”

Gwn wondered, “How can that be if you are considered infertile?”

Some of Tia’s research discovered that semen can be typed much like blood is typed. It turns out that my semen is universally compatible with all types of sperm. 

Tia was working with a couple who could not get pregnant due to her husband’s semen/sperm mixture not being tolerated in his wife vaginal environment. Her fluids would attack her husband’s sperm. Her vaginal fluids would act as a spermicide to his ejaculate. It was sad to observe this phenomenon under a microscope. 

Tia then separated the husband’s sperm from his semen and mixed it with mine. Many tests were run before they selected my semen. They determined the mixture was safe in the test subject’s vagina. When this mixture of my semen and his sperm was brought in contact with his wife’s vaginal fluids there was no adverse effect. Tia theorizes that my low sperm count did not allow antibodies to build up that would trigger the spermicidal effect.

Coincidentally, his wife was very insistent on being impregnated by human intercourse.

This is the 22nd century and more and more married women are rejecting the notion of artificial insemination. They seem to derive some deep sense of satisfying achievement by being impregnated by another human being of her choosing, even if it happens to be a surrogate.

I was selected as the surrogate donor. The research team at The New Life Center developed a small gel capsule that contained the husband’s sperm charge. The trick was to get it into my prostate just before ejaculation. Tia helped work out all of the details. She incorporated the planting of the sperm capsule into sex play. Tia was more excited about the success of the experiment as opposed to any feelings of jealousy about her husband, “me” having sex with someone else.

I know it gave my confidence a tremendous boost. I am now on the short list of surrogate donors when couples experience this problem. On the other hand, this is a rare condition and I have not been called upon for the second time, not yet anyway.”

“That is a fascinating story,” said Gwn, “so I don’t have to worry about getting pregnant.”

Astonished Tim replied, “did you say what I thought I heard.”

Gwn turned to Tim and gave him a warm, tender kiss. “Well, lets just get back to Ranier City and see. We can continue the conversation in the car. Right now we are wasting time.”

Tim said, “I’ve been doing all of the talking. What are you thinking?”

“Tim, I am amused at how much you remind me of Greg. Why is that,” asked Gwn?

“I think it’s because Greg was selected by Tia and I out of a computer search. Obviously, we selected the personality traits that both of us liked. We would like Greg even if he had not been the father of our child. 

Tim inquired, “How did Greg get into the pool of volunteers. I have always wondered how The New Life Center picked their subject volunteers.”

Gwn explained, “notices were sent to various Psychology Departments in the three state area soliciting volunteers. Since there was some monetary reward, Greg jumped at the opportunity. When he found out that he was a finalist and that sex was involved he sheepishly begged for my permission. He was so cute. I didn’t mind, In fact, we had discussed it earlier. I was almost as thrilled as he was when I found out that he had been selected. To this day he describes the sex as out of this world. He compares it to participating in an Olympic event almost to the point of exhaustion.”

“Tia describes it the same way. That’s why she wants to relax this time and just let it happen. We also want to include another couple in our sex lives to maintain a higher level of excitement. I hope we have found you,” said Tim.
