 This is the third part of a four-part story. It might make a bit more sense to start on the first chapter, but feel free to do whatever you want. We're all adults here.

As are all the characters in this story, of course.

* * *

The morning of the day I was taken into custody by the Marine Patrol, I was dreaming a chaotic dream of naked flesh in every room of a huge house. I recognized the house as Jack's family cabin, but in the dream it was an enormous mansion, filled with intricate corridors and staircases and secret passages that I seemed to intuitively know. I was acutely aware of my own nudity, particularly of my persistent erection, waving lewdly in front of me as I wandered from room to room, hoping to find Eva. I passed rooms filled with friends and strangers, lounging, seemingly oblivious to their own states of nudity and apparent arousal. I searched up and down the house, looking for Eva, but room after room of pleasantly naked people brought me no closer to finding her. I paused when I found a room containing Jack, Sophie, Todd and Becky. They were standing around a table playing cards, naked like all the others. 

I took my time to enjoy the view of Sophie's naked breasts. She looked up at me and smiled, and the others turned to greet me. I watched Becky swivel around and enjoyed the swaying motion of her tits. I moved into the room and leaned against the door frame, putting my hard cock into full view. It was the movement behind me that caused me to turn from the room and leave my friends to their card game. I knew it was Eva and I turned to follow her, but her delicious round bottom was already disappearing around the next corner. I finally came to a door that I knew would lead me to her. I opened it and there she was, sitting on the edge of a bed, leaning back with her arms propping her up. Her big gorgeous boobs pointed up into the air and her legs slowly parted. I looked back up into her smiling face and it wasn't Eva. It was Laura. She smiled and beckoned me forward, and I couldn't stop myself from crossing the room, taking her into my arms, and sinking my cock into her pussy.

* * *

"Oh fuck yes," Katie gasped, bringing me fully awake. She was lowering herself down onto my cock, her tight pussy slowly adjusting to my girth.

"Oh my god," I said. The sensation was incredible, but I was thoroughly confused. Hadn't I fallen asleep with Eva? And that dream. That familiar and unmistakable feeling of Laura's body. Even inside another woman, I felt a painful tug at my emotions. I shouldn't be fucking other people if I still love Laura. But did I? I had been spending a good portion of this week happily forgetting about her until the dream had brought her back. Now I was fully inside Katie, my cock throbbing with my desire.

"So fucking big," she groaned.

I hesitated as I looked up at the slender redhead. She was grinding her hips, using my cock for her pleasure. I badly wanted to fuck her, but Dream Laura was holding me back. I remembered that phone call in which she had dumped me, and the hurt and anger that followed. Some of that was still there, but I had been having too much fun this week to let it preoccupy me.

I sat up, wrapped my arms around Katie, and pulled her into me, kissing her and pressing her little boobs against my chest. She moaned into my mouth and increased the urgency of her bucking hips. She suddenly stiffened, and I felt her pussy clenching down on my cock.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, so good," she said.

"Did you cum already?"

She giggled. "Don't let that stop you," she said.

I rolled us over without slipping out of her. On my knees now, I started pumping my cock in and out of her pussy in slow, but solid strokes.

"It's not going to take me very long," I said. My body had been on the very edge of orgasm since my dream.

"It's okay," she said. "I want you to cum in my mouth."

No, it really wasn't going to take very long. I held onto Katie's hips and increased the frequency of my thrusting. I lifted her butt off the mattress and pounded my cock into her, my hips slapping against her ass on every thrust.

"Fuck yes, FUCK!" Katie growled. "Fuck me with that big hard cock!"

Her words were bringing me closer almost as much as the tight constriction of her hot, soaking pussy. The pink flesh enveloped my cock and I watched her hump up to meet my strokes as I fucked her.

"Give it to me," she teased. "Fuck me and give me your cum!"

I ran a hand up over her stomach and brushed my thumb across one hard nipple and my balls began to churn. I pulled my cock out of her pussy and moved up over her body, jacking hard on my shaft. Katie opened her mouth and I felt a surge of cum explode up through my cock and shoot onto her tongue.

"Oh fuck," I gasped as Katie's lips closed around the head of my cock and she sucked while jets of hot cream shot off into her mouth. She didn't swallow, just kept sucking until I was spent, little dribbles of cum leaked out past her lips and ran down her chin, but she kept the majority of my load in her mouth. When my balls had delivered all they could manage, Katie popped her mouth off my cock and looked up at me. She opened her mouth and showed me the large pool of cum on her tongue, then closed her mouth and swallowed with an audible gulp before opening again and showing me her empty mouth.

"Yummy," Katie said.

"Holy fuck," I groaned and slumped back down onto the bed. "That was so fucking hot."

Katie snuggled up to me and kissed me and I could taste traces of my cum in her kiss.

"Thanks," she said, climbing off the bed. "That was fun. See you at breakfast."

"Um," I stuttered. "'Kay." I looked down at my slowly flagging erection. I wondered where Eva had actually gone. I looked over at the bedside table where I had left my cell phone charging and realized I wasn't even in my own room.

"Oh yeah," I said to the empty bedroom. Eva and I had fallen asleep in the room Felicia was sharing with... actually I had no idea who she was sharing with, and it didn't make a difference, because the only one who had spent the whole night in here was me.

I got off the bed and walked naked down the hall to my own room. I heard the shower running, and observed the empty bedrooms of Becky and Todd, and Sophie and Jack. The smells of bacon and coffee wafted in from the direction of the kitchen.

My bedroom door was open, but the room was not empty. Robert was on his knees on the bed, and Becky and Felicia were sucking his cock. He looked up and grinned.

"Carry on, guys," I said. "I just need to grab a couple things."

The idea of joining in certainly crossed my mind, but I was pretty well spent for the time being, and I grabbed a pair of shorts and my cell phone. I took a minute to watch Robert slowly ease his thick cock into Becky's pussy from behind while Becky howled into Felicia's pussy before I left, carrying the shorts and cell phone with me.

I slipped on a pair of gym shorts and wandered out to the kitchen.

"Hey Will," Eva said. She was sitting at the table with a cup of coffee and a book. She smiled up at me, and it was impossible not to notice the way she brightened.

"Morning," I said, and leaned over to kiss her on the lips, a quick peck, and she smiled wider when I sat down next to her.

"Good morning," Sophie said from her seat across from us.

Todd and Jack were scurrying about getting breakfast prepared. Jack came over with the coffee pot and filled my mug.

I finally activated the display on my phone.

"Jesus," I said. There were six missed calls and fifteen missed text messages. Every one of them from Laura. "Ah, fuck."

"What is it?" Eva asked.

"Just," I paused. "Just a bunch of missed messages."

"Family?" Jack asked.

"Nope," I said. "I'll give you one guess."

"It's Laura, isn't it?" Sophie looked across the table at me.

I nodded.

"Shit," Jack said.

"Laura?" Eva inquired. "Is she like your girlfriend or something?"

"Ex," I said emphatically. "Ex-girlfriend. She dumped me a few weeks ago."

That might not have been the best way to phrase it. Not "we broke up" or "it was over a few weeks ago," but "she dumped me."

"Oh," Eva said, her smile was gone and she looked back at the open book in front of her.

I looked through the messages before bothering with the voicemail:

Hey there ;)

Hows ur vacation, sexy?

I had always hated when she wrote "ur" instead of "your" or "you're." A vindictive part of me wanted to believe she didn't know the difference either way. But those were the nice ones. Next came the ones I would describe as "pouty."

To busy for me I guess :(

Text me back soon

After that it was a full day until she had bothered to try again, but the messages just devolved into the realm of the pathetic:

U CAN'T FUCKEN IGNORE ME! I CALLED U LIKE TWELVE TIMES!

IM GLAD I DUMPED UR SORRY ASS, U STUPID FUCK!

FUCK U AND UR TINY DICK!

I laughed out loud. "Jesus," I said. "You guys gotta read these."

Eva looked up from her book and watched me pass the phone to Sophie, who held it so Jack could read over her shoulder.

"Oh my god, what a dumbass," Sophie said.

"I told you that bitch was nuts," Jack said.

Sophie slapped his arm. "Don't say bitch, asshole."

"Yeah, I'm sorry babe," Jack smiled. "But seriously, Will. Laura's dumb."

Eva smiled. "Yeah, that bitch is just stupid." She reached over and grabbed my cock through my shorts.

Any leftover sense of loss I felt for Laura had evaporated as I read her strangely desperate messages. It was as if we had completely switched places.

Katie joined us in the kitchen, freshly showered, and we were soon joined by Robert, Becky and Felicia. We crowded around the table and ate together.

"This is weird," Becky said. "Everyone has clothes on."

It was actually a little strange at this point to see so much clothing, although what there was didn't amount to much. Becky herself was wearing just a t-shirt. All of the guys had shorts on, Todd and Robert had opted for t-shirts as well. Sophie and Katie were already in bikinis, ready for a day on the lake. Felicia hadn't bothered with anything more than a pair of panties, and I couldn't keep my gaze from falling on her beautiful naked breasts. Next to me, Eva sat in a bikini bottom and a t-shirt so tight it was obvious she had nothing on underneath. Her big tits stretched the thin fabric, and her nipples screwed into hard knots in the front. I was already thinking about getting my mouth on those wondrous globes, and a corresponding stirring in my shorts filled me with anticipation for the day to come.

* * *

Eva, Becky, Felicia and I kayaked a short distance across the water to a small island within view of the dock. There wasn't much to it, other than a handful of trees, a few rocks big enough to lay down and sun on, and a nice bare patch of grass in the middle, which was reasonably well concealed from the surrounding lake.

Jack had made a trip into town, and taken Robert and Katie with him. Sophie and Todd had decided that they wanted to take a shower together, so Felicia had suggested that the rest of us go explore a little. And it was Felicia who had come prepared and got everything on that little island started.

For starters, she had packed a bag in her kayak, and while the rest of us were climbing around on the rocks, taking in the views of the lake, she was unrolling a blanket and laying it down in the grassy spot in the middle of the island. The shade from the small trees covered about half of the blanket. Eva and I sat on a rock watching Felicia work while Becky searched around for wildlife, although what she was hoping to find was beyond me.

When Felicia had laid out the blanket, she peeled off her t-shirt and reached behind her to untie her bikini top. Letting it fall away, she turned in our direction and I watched her tits jiggle in the sun with a smile. Then she slipped the bottoms down over her hips and kicked them away.

"Oh hey there," Becky hooted. She scrambled over the rocks and joined Felicia on the blanket. I rested a hand on Eva's thigh and continued to watch the others. Eva tugged at my arm and brought my hand to rest over the crotch of her bikini bottom. The heat there was intense, and I thought I could detect a hint of wetness. My cock was half-way to hard already. Becky had put on a bathing suit at the cabin, and I watched in delight as she and Felicia peeled it off now. Felicia pulled the cups of Becky's bikini away from her big tits and leaned in to suck on first one, then the other nipple. Becky's hands were roaming up and down Felicia's body, pinching, caressing, squeezing her tits and ass. When they were both naked, they fell into a passionate embrace, rolling together on the blanket while their tongues searched each other's mouths and their tits pressed together.

Her eyes fixed on Becky and Felicia, Eva reached into my shorts and pulled out my cock, freeing it into the breeze. She slowly pulled up and down on my dick until it was as hard as it could get, pointing straight up in the air. I reached an arm behind Eva's back and around to grab onto her tit through the material of her t-shirt. She hadn't bothered to add the layer of a bikini top. Eva turned her face to me and we kissed, a fierce, hungry embrace, our hands searching each other's body. I slipped a hand up the front of her t-shirt and closed it around a big heavy boob and felt her nipple digging into my palm.

"Get down here you two," Felicia called. Eva and I looked around to see Becky and Felicia kneeling together on the blanket, naked. They both had large bottles of what appeared to be baby oil, and they were liberally squirting it all over each other's tits.

"Holy shit," I said.

Eva jumped up first. She scrambled over the few rocks and joined the others on the blanket, where she quickly stripped off her clothes. I moved slowly toward the three naked goddesses, watching as they poured oil on each other, rubbing it all over all three wonderful sets of tits.

When I got to the blanket, Felicia was eliciting long moans from Becky by rubbing her fingertips over the other woman's pussy lips with oiled fingers. Eva quickly turned to me and closed her lips around the head of my raging cock. She sucked me hard, and only paused to gasp when she felt Becky's hand slide between her legs, over her asshole and pussy. While Eva sucked my cock, Becky and Felicia covered her entire body with oil, rubbing it into her tits, all over her ass and between her legs. Felicia took my hand and pulled it between her own legs and I explored her pussy with my fingers. Every fold of her soft flesh was slick with oil. Becky took Eva's place sucking my cock, and Felicia rolled Eva onto her back and poured even more oil onto her tits and directly onto her pussy. Becky stopped sucking me and poured oil down my stomach and onto my cock and balls. Then she pushed her slick tits together around my cock and I took the oil bottle from her and poured even more into the valley between her tits. All four of us were now pretty well drenched in oil.

While I thrust my cock up and down between Becky's tits, I watched Felicia stroke two, then three fingers into Eva's pussy. Eva bucked on the blanket, gasping and rubbing her tits while Felicia fucked her with slick fingers.

"Turn around," I said to Becky. She giggled and turned away from me on all fours, and bounced her ass up and down in front of me.

"Put that cock in my pussy," she teased.

For fun, I poured a little more oil onto Becky's ass and watched it run down over her asshole and pussy before I nudged my cock head into her cunt.

"Jesus Fuck!" Eva screamed. "I'm cumming!"

I buried my cock in Becky's pussy and watched Eva cum. Her eyes rolled up into her head and her breath caught while she slapped at her pussy and backed away from Felicia.

"Oh yeah that big cock feels good," Becky cooed. "Want to try it, Felicia?"

Felicia nodded and lay down on her back on the blanket and spread her legs. Becky scooted forward and my cock popped out of her. She rubbed some more oil over Felicia's pussy and made way for me to get between the blond's legs. Pointing my cock down at her opening was almost painful, it was so fucking hard. Felicia raised her hips and I pushed inside her, the oil and her own natural lubrication allowing me to fill her with the first thrust.

"So fucking hard," Felicia groaned. I ran my hands over her slick stomach and chest, squeezed her tits and pressed them together as I fucked her. Pounding my cock into Felicia's pussy, I watched as the recovered Eva rolled on top of Becky and kissed her fiercely while their lubed tits pressed together. I withdrew my dick from the warm embrace of Felicia's cunt, and moved up to rest it between her tits. She happened to have the smallest pair on the island right now, but her tits were not small. Becky and especially Eva just happened to be stacked. With my cock now thoroughly covered with Felicia's pussy juice, and her tits liberally oiled, she squeezed her boobs together around my cock.

"Mmm," Felicia moaned. "Do you like fucking my tits?"

"Oh yeah," I replied as I thrust my rod between the big white globes. "They feel so fucking good squeezing my cock like this."

Suddenly Eva was there, hovering over Felicia's head. She dropped her huge tits onto Felicia's face, and Felicia shook her head, bouncing Eva's tits around on top of her.

Eva rose up to her knees and pushed her tits together. "Now me," she said. "Fuck my tits."

I smiled and stood up, watching Felicia roll up from her lying position to tackle Becky. I slid my cock between Eva's huge boobs and helped her hold them in place around my thrusting prick.

"Oh yeah, baby," Eva crooned. "Fuck my big tits. Does that feel good on your huge cock?"

I grunted and continued to thrust. Eva was talking up my dick a little bit, but it sounded nice. I knew I wasn't small, and certainly not "tiny" as Laura had exclaimed via text. But I'm not sure I quite qualify as huge. Still, it did wonders for my confidence.

"Fuck me," Eva said, turning around and presenting me with her round firm butt. "Shove that fat fucking cock in me right now."

She reached down between her legs and helped me guide the tip of my dick between her slick pussy lips. I pushed my hips forward and buried my cock in the smooth hot sheath of her cunt.

"Oh FUCK!" Eva screamed. "Oh HOLY FUCK!"

Holding onto her hips, I fucked her as hard as I could while Felicia and Becky looked on. Every stroke slammed my hips into her pleasantly jiggling ass. My balls bounced off of her pussy. Becky slid underneath Eva, face up, legs splayed out to the side. With Eva's huge swinging tits crashing into her own big melons, Becky kissed her, muffling the gasps and shrieks that my thrusts were producing. I pulled my cock out of Eva's pussy and aimed lower to enter Becky. She howled at the sudden penetration and Eva giggled as she stuffed her nipple into Becky's mouth. Felicia climbed over Eva with her back to me and leaned over, holding herself up with her hands on her knees. Now her ass was directly in front of my face. I pulled out of Becky and stood up high enough to slam my cock deep into Felicia's cunt. I moved from one pussy to the next, fucking all three gorgeous young women with every bit of energy I could muster. When the position became too uncomfortable, I lay back down on the blanket, and the girls took turns riding my cock and rubbing their tits all over my face. 

They were constantly touching each other, too. Felicia hopped up off my cock and Eva took her place, and Becky lowered her tits to my face for me to suck, she also rubbed her fingers over Felicia's clit and inside her pussy. Felicia came to a gasping orgasm and fell to the blanket. Eva and Becky switched places, and Becky rode herself hard up and down on my cock until she was screaming and her pussy clenched hard as she came.
