 When I saw the help wanted sign in the pizza shop window, I decided to stop in and apply for the job. I knew I could use the extra money and I thought it might be fun. There was always a big bunch of black guys hanging out around the shop and my big white 42DD tits always attracted their attention which I didn't mind at all.

I ran a gauntlet of staring eyes and smiling black faces as I entered the shop. A little old man was behind the counter.

“Hi, my names Lois Kubik. I stopped in to see about that help wanted sign you have in the window. Are you still looking for someone?”

He motioned for me to have a seat at a table, then he wiped his hands off and joined me. The owner of the shop was Raj Lhamphur. He was an older man who had moved to this country from India just one year ago. He told me he was looking to hire a younger girl so the black guys hanging out on the corner would come into the shop more often and buy food. Lucky for me that day I wore a thin white blouse and no bra. My tits showed through and Raj couldn't take his eyes off my big nipples. 

“You got nice big tits and nipples, Lois. You like to show them?”

“Yea I do. And guys like to look at them.”

“I wanted to hire a young girl to get the black guys who are always on the corner outside to come in and buy food. But I got better idea, Lois. You show off those nice big tits and maybe sometimes your pussy and those black guys will come in and buy. I will make money and you will have lots of fun working here.”

Raj had the biggest smile on his face, and I couldn't help grinning too. It sounded pretty good to me.

“Ok, Raj, when do I start?”

Raj glanced at all the black faces peering in through the front window, grinning and slobbering, eyeing my big white tits.

“You start tomorrow. I get you some nice outfits to wear while you work.”

“See you tomorrow, Raj,” I said, as I left. This should be fun I thought. I knew most of the black guys around here since I lived on the Northside. And I am an exhibitionist, so showing what I got will be fun. I was looking forward to my new job.

I arrived at the pizza shop at four o'clock the next afternoon to begin work. As soon as I walked through the door, Raj waved for me to come behind the counter and into the back of the store. He handed me a short skirt that buttoned down the front with three buttons and the bottom one was missing. There was no top for me to wear with it. The skirt barely covered my ass when I put it on.

“We gonna have topless pizza parlor, that will bring the black guys in,” he said grinning.

“Oh that will bring them in,” I said. And it might be fun I thought.

I opened my blouse, letting my big tits pop out and bounce around for Raj to see. I grinned as his eyes grew big and round like silver dollars. next I slipped out of my slacks and started to put the skirt on.

“No, no. Take off your panties. No underwear. I want your pussy and ass to show under.”

“You are really gonna pack them in, Raj,” I said, peeling off my panties.

He grinned, nodding up and down as I stood there naked in front of him. I put on the skirt and got ready to go to work. 

Raj went out front first then I followed him out. The shop was empty but eight young black studs were hanging on the corner outside. When they looked in and saw my big white 42DD tits swinging free, the pizza shop filled up fast.

“Yo, Lois, give me a pizza supreme with some titty meat on it.”

“I'll take a cheese pizza and rub your big white tits all over it, baby.”

Raj stepped out front to get everyone's attention. “This is a topless pizza parlor now. Any customer don't get his order in five minutes gets to feel and suck Lois Kubik's tits.”

That announcement was followed by a big round of cheers. It was news to me. Not that I minded it. In fact, I kind of liked that idea and hoped Raj was a little slow on the baking. 

Orders were being fired at me fast and furious. I was having trouble keeping track of them. Then I heard a gong go off in the back. 

“Oh Oh,” Raj said, “the first order is late. Somebody gets a titty feel and suck.”

“Yea, that's me, that's me,” said a grinning young black stud, rubbing his fingers together. I smiled at him and walked out from behind the counter. He reached up and grabbed both tits in his hands and began squeezing them. He rubbed his thumbs over my nipples making them hard. Next he leaned down and licked his tongue across my nipples as the guys shouted and cheered him on. Then he sucked one tit into his mouth and chewed while he squeezed and teased the other one. My body shuddered and I began to move. It felt great.

Another gong went off, and I heard Raj shouting.

“Late again. Next customer get to feel and suck Lois Kubik's big tittys.” 

“Yo, thas Me, thas me man. Give me some of them big fuckin tits.”

A second set of black hands took over my other tit and began to squeeze and pull. He licked his tongue over my nipple then clamped down on my tit taking almost all of it inside his mouth. He crushed with his hands and chewed with his teeth, while the first stud kept playing and sucking. Both of them drove me wild. Then a third gong sounded.

“Very late again. Customer number three get a titty suck and feel from Lois Kubik,” shouted Raj. He grinned as the young black studs in the shop cheered. More of them ordered pizzas knowing he was already behind on the five minute limit. That made my tits a sure thing for them. 

The third young black stud stepped in front of me and I recognized my neighbor, Paul. He lived just down the street from me. 

“What's up Lois? It's my turn now. Unless you got a third tit somewhere, I'm gonna have to find something else to grab hold of.”

Paul reached down and ran his hands along my skirt. He grinned at me as he fingered the buttons. I knew what he had in mind. At that moment my tits felt so great, I didn't really care. He took hold of the buttons and ripped them off my skirt. The skirt fell to the floor and I stood there naked with a pizza shop full of young black studs going wild and ordering more pizzas from Raj. 

Paul grabbed my pussy and spread it wide open, shoving his fingers up inside. He found my clit and began to tickle it, driving me crazy. The gong went off again.

“Another customer for Lois Kubik's tits and pussy,” Raj shouted, but no one paid attention this time. Sixteen black hands were all over my body and I was swept up off the floor and onto a table in the middle of the pizza shop. All of a sudden, I was the main course on the menu.

I was spread out on the round table with my legs pulled apart and my pussy lips peeled wide open. I felt six or eight fingers up inside my pussy playing with me, squeezing and tickling my clit and driving me crazy. Black hands were everywhere, teasing my body and using me for their toy. I was loving it. 

My arms and legs were pinned, and strong hands on either side flopped me over onto my belly on the table. My neighbor, Paul, came around behind me and slapped my bare ass. 

“We gonna have some fun now, Lois. I'm gonna deliver some pizza to your back door then I'm gonna give you a pizza butt fuck, bitch.“

Paul laughed as the rest of the black studs yelled and cheered. In the background, I heard a gong and Raj called out my name. I knew he was yelling another customer for Lois Kubik's tits and pussy. But all our customers already had my tits and pussy and I was loving it.

A grinning Raj brought a large supreme pizza over to the table and held it out. It was cut into eight pieces, one for each black stud on me. Paul reached out and took one piece off the tray. He put his hand under my pussy and lifted my ass into the air. I saw grins on the black faces round the table as several hands spread my ass cheeks wide open. Then I felt the warm wet dough slide up the crack of my ass. Mushrooms, peppers, anchovies, cheese and red sauce filled the crack of my ass as he smeared it back and forth. He wiped off all the spices on the pizza crust, then took another piece and this time concentrated on my butt hole. The guys, holding my ass cheeks, dug their fingernails into my ass and spread it wider. Paul took the second pizza slice and pressed it tight into my ass hole. He squeezed the mushrooms and peppers into my hole then forced the mozzarella cheese and red sauce into my ass hole also. next he shoved some warm wet dough up inside, making sucking sounds, as he twisted and ground it up in there. I could feel it mixing all up in me. 

Raj stood holding the pizza and watching the whole show. I think he was enjoying it more than the black guys doing it to me. 

Then Paul put his hands round my legs and I felt his big black cock as he slid it up the crack of my ass. His cockhead gathered juice and wet vegetables as he moved it up my ass crack. When he reached my butt hole, he let his cockhead linger there rubbing round and round making me want it inside me more.

As Paul played with my ass, a young black stud stood in front of me. He held the back of my head by a handful of my hair. Grinning down at me, I heard the slow rip of his zipper as he pulled it down and watched him reach in and spread his shorts open. His thick black meat fell out of his pants, slapping me on the face as he pulled his balls out with it. Him and the others laughed as he pressed my head between his legs, rubbing his black cock and balls all over my white face.

“Sniff it, Lois, smell it good. You love smelling black cocks and balls bitch.“

Just then Paul drove his cock into my asshole. I started to shout, but choked, as the stud in front rammed his cock into my mouth and down my throat. Paul pounded his cock up my ass and the pizza sauce and soft wet vegetables helped slide it in till he was deep in my ass. I felt his balls slapping my pussy as he pounded my butt hole. 

The guy in front grabbed both my ears and rammed his cock down my throat. He gripped my ears tight and pumped his hips, fucking my mouth like it was a white pussy. I was stuffed with black cocks from both ends and I was loving it. Raj and all the rest watched and cheered.

My head snapped back as the young black stud pumped his hips hard into my face smashing my nose with the flat of his black stomach. Paul's hands spread my ass and legs, opening my ass hole for his cock to thrust deep. They were pumping together and I looked like an accordion being squeezed and crushed with each push of their bodies. With my mouth wrapped around the young black cock in front of me, Paul would slam his cock up and into my ass, driving my body forward forcing me to swallow more of that thick black cock. At that moment, the young black stud would hump his hips and thrust his cock deep into my mouth jerking my head backward and smashing my nose into his belly with his balls slapping my chin and throat. His whole cock would ram down my throat till my mouth was filled with black meat and cock hair and my lips were pressed against his crotch. Then they would pull back and do it to me again. Over and over ass to mouth they speared me with big black cocks, and I loved it.

“Fuck her face, man, fuck her till she chokes to death on your black dick.“

“Fuck her ass, Paul, fuck her till you split her white ass.“

I could hear Raj over it all yelling too. “Yea, fuck Lois Kubik, fuck her up her ass. Fuck Lois Kubik's face. Who wants pizza?“

My big white 42DD tits slapped the table top as Paul and the black stud in front of me got their rhythm together. Ass fuck, face fuck, table tit slapping, ass fuck , face fuck, table tit slapping, it was all feeling good and I was loving it. So was everyone else. 

Finally, the stud in front of me blew his load big time in my mouth. His thick load of cum gushed out as his cock was down my throat and my eyes crossed as I tried swallowing it all to keep from choking. I gulped it down trying to clear my throat so I could breathe. Then I felt Paul explode up my ass. He lifted my one leg and pounded his cock harder as he emptied it into my ass. Finally, he slowed down and I felt his cock slide out of my ass.

“Damn, bitch,” Paul said, “I always thought you would be a good butt fuck but I didn't know how good you would be.“

I was up on the table with my knees up under me and my ass up in the air, my tits and arms down on the table top, and I lay on the right cheek of my face looking back at Paul and smiling.

He rubbed his hand on my bare ass and said, “I'll let the brothas down round Woodland street know what a good butt fuck you are, Lois, so they can stop in and tap that white ass and all your other holes too. I know you will like that won't you, Lois?“

“Yea, Paul, I'll like that,” I said, grinning.

“She's all your boys, I'm outta here, aight” he said, cracking my bare ass with his hand and walking away.

“Let's fuck this bitch,” someone yelled.

Then they all jumped in line to take their turn on me.

“Pizzas ready,” shouted Raj, “who wants pizza while you waiting to fuck Lois Kubik?“

For the rest of the evening, the young black studs took turns feeding me their cocks and pounding them into my ass and pussy. I never got off that table all evening long. Raj was happy. he made a lot of money selling pizza to those young black studs waiting their turn on me that night. 

Finally the young studs finished with me and left. It was almost time to close. I was still laying on the table when Raj brought out a broom and reminded me to sweep up before I left for the night. He walked over and looked down at me on the table then grinned at me, and somehow I knew what was coming. 

Raj stepped up to my head and I looked up at him. He began to unbuckle his pants.

“No use wasting this, Lois, since you are still naked and laying on the table. And Raj would like it so much.“

He unzipped his pants and let them drop to the floor. His cock was large and thick and deep black.

“God, Raj, I didn't know Indian men had black cocks.“

“Oh yes, and some even blacker than mine.” He moved closer and rubbed his cock all over my face. He climbed up on the table, kneeling over my face. He let his balls settle down over both my eyes then rubbed his shaft over my nose while he traced my lips with his cock head. I couldn't help myself. I began to lick his cock and suck on it slowly. As I tasted his cock, I felt it grow hard. He reached down and pressed my forehead down making my mouth open automatically. He shoved his cock into my mouth, then sat on my face so I was staring up at his ass and my nose was up in his ass crack. 

He began to move, riding my face and bouncing up and down pumping his cock deeper into my throat. As he fucked my mouth, he used my nose to tickle his ass hole. He was good at it. Each time he seemd like he would cum, he managed to hold back and keep from shooting his load. Then he would start all over again. Raj rode my face for over 30 minutes before he finally let himself go. And when he did, he dumped the biggest load of cum in my mouth I have ever swallowed. He filled my mouth three times before he was through. I thought I would choke, but I took it all down. I was cock whipped when Raj finished with me.

I lay on the table exhausted, looking up at him. 

“God, Raj, you are something else. I didn't think you was ever going to get done.“

“Not finished yet, Lois. The help always cleans up when done.“

Raj reached down and grabbed me by my hair, pulling my head till it was hanging off the table. Holding my head down and forcing my mouth open, he stepped close and shoved his cock deep into my mouth and down my throat. His cock stiffened slightly, then I felt the first taste of warm sour liquid rolling down my throat. Raj had just gotten a good blow job from me and before leaving for the night he had to take a piss so he was using me as his toilet. Just like his cum, Raj could hold a lot of piss in him too. He stuffed his cock way down my throat, so I had no choice but to swallow it all or choke on it. I gulped mouthful after mouthful as he kept blasting it out and down into my belly. 

Finally the liquid slowed down and I slurped the last few drops. He slowly pulled his cock out of my mouth then shook it over my open mouth sending the last drops splattering onto my tongue. I lay there taking big gulps of air and licking my tongue over my lips.

Raj pulled up his pants and zippered and buckled them. He picked up the broom and dropped it across my tits.

“Sweep up before you leave, Lois, it's your job. More black studs will hear about you and come tomorrow. We will make lots of money.“

They did hear and more did come. And more the day after that, and more the day after and many more after that. The pizza parlor prospered and Raj was happy, and the black studs in the hood were happy. As for me, well, god I love my job.

THE END