 Things were coming together as far as the building went. It was a matter of weeks before they would be ready for the grand opening March 1st. Even though the upper floor apartment was ready for them, they decided to wait until all construction was complete before they moved in so that they wouldn't be disturbed by the hammering going on all day. 

The baby as well was ready for its first appearance outside the womb. Connie was large, making room for a big child in her small body, and radiantly beautiful despite the trials of her life. She was on leave from her law office, and was taking the semester off from school. She was restless and felt uncomfortable with no intellectual outlet. She also moved out of her apartment and into the two bedroom in midtown where Victoria stayed. Her and Victoria had still not warmed to each other, but a thaw was gradually occurring. Mostly it was being with Jim so much more than she had been when living in her own apartment which made her feel good about the living situation. She could see how loving Jim could be to both Victoria and to her. It was a love without boundaries. 

The first time she heard Victoria's sighs and Jim's grunts and the rocking of the bed as they fucked in the room on the other side of the wall from hers, she nearly tore the hair from her head. But when Jim finished fucking, she heard him enter her room. She feigned sleep. He was not fooled. Stiff already she stiffened up more when he snuggled against her back, spooning. She felt the dampness of his half erect cock against the back of her thigh. Dampness from the enemy's cunt. Somehow it made her suddenly horny. It was a pulsing thrill that stabbed through her anger. 

"I love you, Connie. I love that you are here. I don't want to hurt you. I want you to love being here with us. This is where we belong.," Jim said softly into her ear, obviously realizing she was awake. She continued to feign sleep, although the sniffles and the tears dripping down the side of her face and dampening her hair did nothing to assist her deception. When Jim tried to touch her tears, she brushed his hand away.

"Please Connie," said Jim with utter sincerity. "Let's not fight. Let's embrace. It's all good. I swear." 

Her thighs began to move against his cock, subtly at first. As his cock neared club status, slipping between her damp, sweaty thighs, her movement became more overt. He reached around her to position his shaft to slide along the lips of her ultra sensitive pussy. He kept his hand there to play between those lips. His palm pressed against her clit. She sighed deeply. Her breathing became quick and heavy. He sent his fingers inside her hot living cavern and stroked the walls. His palm and his thumb took turns massaging the nub of flesh as it hardened. They were both at full pant. He was sliding his club rapidly against the nether lips. He used the head to stroke her there, not entering deeply, just inside the lips. She was too pregnant for penetration. Her little hand took hold of the helmet and stroked it, her thumb rubbing the edge vigorously as it pushed forward and retreated. His big fingers were just as vigorously fucking her pussy. His other hand reached under her pregnant body to carefully pull and squeeze and twist her long tight sensitive nipples. With one final lengthy moan she stopped moving. Jim was ecstatic to feel the flow of love juices pour from her cunny. He pulled her against him in an intense hug, then eased her head back so he could kiss her burning mouth and look at the crimson cheeks and chest, further proof of her climax.

"Turn around," she said in a low soft breathless voice. "I want to taste your cum."

He carefully climbed over her and turned upside down, lying side by side. As she encircled his glans with her lips, his tongue explored her expanded tummy. His lips kissed her navel. He could feel their child rocking to the beat of their lovemaking just inside the skin he was kissing. He couldn't have been happier. He slid down to her pussy, his head clamped between her thighs, as he licked leisurely up and down the viscous lips. Her mouth was sucking and rubbing with great care his ever expanding club tasting her liquid pleasure and his and Vic's too. Several minutes passed with the continued ministrations of her tongue and licks on his amazing cock. Her fingers played with his balls, feeling them get heavier and tenser. She wanted to pull the cum out of them and into her mouth. She was relentless in her endeavor. She felt the balls tense and the cock expand and his voice exclaim, "Oh god darling fuck yes I'm cumming!" The club shot out the not too bitter cum, and she swallowed what she could. She let the rest drip out onto the bed. She held his cock inside her mouth until it shriveled to a more sensible size and slipped out. 

With one more lick, the slowest most intense he could give her, up and down her pussy lips, he turned himself back around to face her. They stared into each other's eyes. Their silence in the dark room was loud with a peculiar communication. Was everything alright? Was she alright? Would it be okay if she wasn't completely but was sort of alright? Would she be more alright? God please be more and more alright. Alright. I love you. I love you. That sort of thing. They faded off to sleep. Together.

Once Kristen had completed her separation from her clinic in Minneapolis and her divorce from her husband, she moved into Victoria's apartment. She slept with Victoria. The two would lick each other to ecstacy some nights, and would be joined by the ever hard and horny Jim other nights. Jim's heavy club would penetrate her as she sucked on Vic's cunny until they all exploded. Or Vic and Kristen would 69 while Jim penetrated Vic's pussy or asshole. Sometimes Connie would creep over in her nightgown and watch, masturbating to the scene. It was too vigorous for her to participate. Other times Vic would join her as voyeur watching their love 69 Kristen or fuck her to heights of pleasure. Their aggressive self abuse would trigger their own orgasms nearly simultaneously. The shared experience was bringing the old enemies closer. Surrender was in the air as well as the sweet smell of sex.

Kristen was wonderful to Connie. The difficult last weeks before birth were eased greatly by Dr. Anderson's expertise.

Kristen and Jim had journeyed up to Woodstock Saturday and Sunday the week before the grand opening to give approval of the four new massage tables Don, the big burly carpenter had completed. For Kristen it was a last chance to be away from the craziness of her new clinic before it became her working life. It was also a chance to meet Eric and especially Miranda, whose description made both of Kristen's mouths dampen.

The grand opening was only five days away. It was Monday and the debut was the Saturday coming up. Advertising and elaborate networking through Jane's dancer's relatives, Jane's publishing connections, Connie's law connections, Kristen's colleagues who were to partner with her at the clinic and all of their friends, and Vic's fashion modeling and photography people were making the opening look to be a major event in Manhattan. Jane's choreography was coming together beautifully. The nude finale would blow people's minds. There was no penetration like what happened during the first nude rehearsal, at least not during the actual rehearsals. Then the open house would start and hopefully last all night. They needed a major moment to impact the busy tight Borough of Manhattan and let it and the rest of the world know of their odd new place. 

By Monday night, after returning from Woodstock the night before, securing the tables and inspecting the space and shoring up the contracts and contacts, Kristen and Jim along with everyone else in Vic's apartment were exhausted. Kristen and Vic were lying in bed wearing long t-shirts and nothing else, sipping red wine, while Jim and Connie sat nearby naked under their robes, all of them finally relaxing. Kristen continued the tranquil beaming she had on her face all day despite all the hard work.

"Okay, damn it Kristen," asked Vic. "What the hell happened up there to make you glow? You have been more radiant than I have ever seen you. Miranda must be one hell of a woman."

Jim and Kristen shared a laugh. "You're jealous!" said Jim.

"I'm not! Besides, Miranda's married," said Vic, clutching at straws.

"Stop teasing her," said Kristen.

"Okay. Alright. No Vic, it's not Miranda."

"Who else? Eric?"

"Jeez! No way," said Kristen.

"What's wrong with Eric? I think he's kind of cute," chimed in Connie.

"Are you going to tell her?" asked Jim.

"You start," said Kristen.

"You know what I expect. Blow by blow," said Vic.

"Of course darling. Blow by delicious blow," said Jim, smiling and nodding at Kristen before beginning, his hand gently stroking Connie's inner thigh.

"Eric and Miranda picked us up at the train station around noon on Saturday. I hadn't told them that Connie wasn't coming and Kristen was. I could see the disappointment in both their faces when I seemed to be alone. Kristen was a few steps behind me. I shook Eric's hand and hugged and kissed Miranda, who looked lovely and sexy in her simple blue dress which accentuated all her subtle curves. She could probably tell I was excited to see her. Ouch." Jim rubbed the shoulder which Connie had punched. "That's what you get for calling Eric cute. Anyway, Kristen emerged from the train, smiling at Miranda."

"She did look hot," said Kristen. "Ouch." Vic punched her shoulder.

"I quickly introduced everyone, and saw a sexy glint in Miranda's eyes as they surveyed Kristen's voluptuous body and lovely face. And you did look especially fine in your low cut blouse and tight white pants."

"Thanks, Jim," said Kristen.

"Those glances I could never get used to," said Connie.

"I think they were even more magnified towards Kristen. Not so much that Kristen is any more beautiful than you, but that Miranda could sense the staring was appreciated. I had told them all about Kristen and her relationship with Vic."

"Good save," said Connie.

"No, it's true. Besides, she had been so heated up in anticipation of you that seeing the beauty of Kristen and knowing her lesbian leanings just fanned the flames. By the time we drove onto their driveway twenty minutes later, Miranda and Kristen were sharing tongues and their fingers were touching tits in the back seat. Miranda dragged Kristen out of the car and into the house and up the stairs and into that big bed of theirs. The men were left with the luggage. I could see the bulge in Eric's pants as he and I carried the stuff inside. I had quite a lump myself."

"You always do, you insatiable monster," said Connie, slipping her hand inside his robe and stroking his rising club. "See, Vlad arises again."

Kristen and Vic broke their tongue filled kiss to look on the familiar though exciting sight. Their fingers continued the gentle strokes of each other's cunnies which they had recently bared from underneath the t-shirts. They returned to kissing.

"Somehow Eric and I didn't rush upstairs to join in. A few minutes passed. We wanted them to get to know each other I guess. But when we heard the squeals of the bed and the squeals of Miranda, we had to see.

"The first thing we saw was Miranda licking and sucking Kristen's big soft tits and nipples, the blouse still draped over her shoulders as Kristen dry humped Miranda, whose dress had risen up above her waist. Seconds later, Kristen threw off her blouse and pulled Miranda's dress over her head and flung it away. Continuing to hump Miranda, panty covered pussy against panty covered pussy, she suckled on Miranda fine firm little breasts with noisy abandon. The bed was rolling with the passion atop it as Miranda groaned with pleasure."

Jim paused as Kristen and Vic squeezed their pussies together, flung off their shirts and rubbed and hugged each other's bodies, nipples caressing nipples, kissing and sighing into each other's mouths. He leaned over and kissed Connie, overheating with passion as she pulled hard on his pulsating club. Though throbbing with passion, Vic noticed through the loud passionate breathing of everyone in the room, that Jim had gone silent, or wasn't talking at least. Somehow she eased off Kristen. "Go on, darling."

"Okay," he said within a deep breath. His breath steadied, and he continued. "Miranda and Kristen pushed together hard, emulating a hard last thrust of a fuck, then eased off. Each rolled their damp sticky panties over their hips and legs and off. After a long lingering kiss, Kristen guided Miranda back on the bed and slowly kissed her way down her torso. She spent several minutes occupied by the firm pliant breasts, suckling and biting the nipples, causing thicker sighs to come from Miranda. Then she slid her tongue across her firm tummy, over her long lean navel, then through her soft tangle of sticky dirty blonde pubic hair and onto her swollen pussy lips. Miranda oohed and aahed. Then she hummed when Kristen straddled her head, and she was presented with Kristen's lovely juicy cunny. She delved in as Kristen pressed it on her face. They moved from sliding tongues as deep inside as possible to tickling and twirling about the clits. They were driving each other near the brink. 

"Eric had stripped naked, and his hard red dagger was ready to be embedded in something. He carefully nudged the two women so that they turned over. Miranda was now on top with Kristen's face still between her thighs still licking away. Eric lifted Miranda's long narrow ass and pulled his dagger inside with one giant thrust. After a few slow thrusts, he quickly sped up and was pounding his pelvis rapidly, slapping against her ass and rippling her flesh with each impact. Kristen clung to her strong hips, and licked her clit and up to Eric's shaft and back. Miranda's tongue had retreated from Kristen's honey pot as she cried out, shivered and froze, cumming mightily. Eric continued to pummel his wife with fast hard strokes. Kristen aided his ecstacy by working her tongue exclusively on his shaft and balls. Her ministrations and Miranda's twitching orgasm I imagine was too much to hold anything back, and Eric made one final push and was grunting out his pleasure as he spurted out his pleasure juice inside his wife. Kristen kept her tongue attack on both of them, keeping their sighing going. When he gently slid out the dagger, Kristen tasted the mix of juices."

"Mmm, good!" said Kristen, with a wink at Jim. Then she got caught up in the pleasure down below. Her cunny was being vigorously licked and sucked by Vic. She let out a long groan, sucked in her breath, then let it all out like the moment of death, a large escape of air as she shivered in orgasm. Once her breath was found, she said, "Oh God, Vic."

Vic smiled up at her between her thighs with a wet grin. "So you didn't cum? I mean with Miranda?"

"Nope. But Miranda said it was the best orgasm she ever had, didn't she Jim?"

"Yep."

"And you Jim," asked Vic. "Did you cum?"

"Yeah. It was such an exquisite vision. I flogged my monkey into submission and made a mess on their wooden floor."

"And so?..." asked Vic.

"That was it," said Kristen. "As far as Eric and Miranda and me, that was it."

"Me too," said Jim.

"Really?" asked Connie. He nodded. She kissed him. "Good boy."

"I had a chance to have a break, to recuperate after being attacked repeatedly over the last few months by my insatiable lovers."

"I never heard you complain before," said Connie.

"Well I am nearly as insatiable as you."

"Nearly, hunh?"

"Goddamnit, so what happened? What about the glow?" asked Vic with growing impatience.

"Kristen?" said Jim, handing her the ball, so to speak.

"What about no kissing and telling?" said the glowing, grinning Kristen.

"Fuck that," said Vic.

"Okay. Okay. I'm just teasing. Here goes." Vic lay back with Kristen as Kristen spoke up at the ceiling.

"Our appointment to view the new massage tables was at two, which it nearly was while we were still naked in bed recovering. I glanced at the wall clock and made it known we were probably going to be late. Though, as you know, I have an aversion to being late, everything seemed so casual in Woodstock that I didn't think it was a big deal. But everyone else freaked out. Lots of shits and fucks as everyone threw on their clothes and pulled me out of the house. I figured this Don must be some scary guy. And I figured right.

"I was trailing behind the rest of the group. I could understand Jim feeling the pressure to make the appointment, but Eric and Miranda? They were there for the ride more than I was. But they all ran inside the big workshop. We couldn't have been more than twenty minutes late, but this big low gruff voice echoed out of the building yelling about our being late. How he didn't have the time for lackadaisical people who didn't appreciate how hard he worked, and how it was a big fuck you to be so late. As I entered the workshop, Jim was apologizing profusely, but with a strange smile. I figured it was because of the beautiful massage tables before him. But I learned that was only part of it. I soon learned what Jim already knew. Beneath the gruff exterior hid the gentlest man I have ever met. The first glance I saw a man of gigantic presence. Not nearly as tall as Jim, but big. He has the kind of big gut that at first glance you might mistake for fat, but it isn't. Not at all. Muscle. And a big face. A wild beard and wild long dark black hair streaked with gray. He caught me with his stern eyes and the eyes transformed into two beautiful blue pools of light. He half smiled through his gruffness. I was beguiled. The guy was big and hairy and dirty. But the dirt was from the work he did which surrounded us. Beautiful work. Poetic cabinets and chairs and hat racks. Exquisite. He is not a handsome man. Kind of troll like. Ogre like. But exquisite. Beautiful. We stared into each other's eyes. There it was. You think it could never happen. Especially not at my age. Or his for that matter. Same as mine. You know. Love at first sight.

"It was almost funny. Suddenly the business which had made him so upset was a distraction. When he broke the stare, he quickly accepted Jim's apology, humbly accepted everyone's praise for the tables, took the money, arranged for the brothers to truck the tables down to the city on Sunday, and dismissed everyone. Everyone except me. 

"He walked up to me. He told me his name. I told him mine, ignoring the apology of Jim for not introducing us. He asked if I liked tea. I accepted. He took my fairly long hand into his and it disappeared. I felt the calluses. Through them I swear he could feel my healing energy. He asked if I was a healer as he led me into his living area. Amazing. I said I was a specialist, a gynecologist, but was also into holistic medicine. He drew everything out of me as we sat and he fixed us the tea and we sipped it. I barely noticed how delicious it was, noticing how delicious this craggy big man was. I didn't notice Jim and everyone leaving. I didn't hear if they asked if I was coming with. All I noticed was Don.

"We talked. I learned about his rugged rural life. His love of wood. His love life. The women were few and far between. He loved them. They left him. I couldn't see it. Such a gentle man. He said he never felt the way he felt with me. We hadn't even gotten intimate except for the penetrating stares and the deep conversations. 

"I asked if he wanted to try out one of his tables. He smiled and walked into the workshop, shedding clothes. I found his bathroom and grabbed a towel. By the time I was in the workshop he was naked on the table. His large tight rugged body lay before me. I felt the dew of my pussy already running down my thigh. I asked him if we were private. He laughed. He said no one comes there without an invitation, but he had bolted the door quick before getting on the table just in case. I covered his manhood which lay soft and thick on his thigh. I had to cover it or I would have no concentration. As it was I nearly forgot the oil. He had some under the sink. I walked fast to retrieve it and returned to his side. My clothes were tight so I asked if he minded if I got naked. He didn't mind. He watched me get naked. I saw the towel rise and begin a throbbing tenting over his groin. My heart pounded and my pussy vibrated. He liked what he saw. I took long deep breaths to calm myself. I asked him to close his eyes.
