 My suck buddy, Paul, and I placed an online ad on a swinger's board. It read:

"MM seeks MMF

Hi, we're two discreet, mature, masculine, good looking bi-oral men looking to bring a woman in to watch and hopefully some mellow play. Both very clean and safe. We host but can travel. We are honest and sincere and love private, sensual and uninhibited pleasures. And, we very much enjoy going down on each other.

We know that you are out there. Do you get turned on by man-to-man sexplay? Would you like your own private porn show? Get naked with us and watch, that's okay. We just want to hear squishy sounds and smell your sex. We want to play. Feeling trepidation, bring a friend.

Contact us. Please send pic with response and we will do the same."

After several bullshit responses, some offensive and others spam, I received this:

"hi, my name is kat and i will send a pic after you answer a question for me please?"

Me: Sure, Kat. What's the question?

"You said in your ad that you want a girl to watch the 2 of you go down on each other which i think is hot. I am married. Would you have a problem if my husband and i came over and while you 2 go down on each other and we can watch and fuck?"

Me: I'm okay with that. Will you two get naked with us? Will either of you join in or just watch? Hey, where's the picture?

"We will be naked cause he and i will be fucking and i would like pictures of both of you as well"

She sent three nude selfies taken in the bathroom mirror. Pretty, kind of punk with tats, a nose ring and one side of her head shaved. Intriguing. Her tits were a nice 34B and her bare pussy made my mouth water. I sent a few pictures of us blowing each other and I mentioned that her pictures were hot.

She replied: "Would you like to set something up for tomorrow night? Also 2 things how late is ok with you? Also what would you like to do to me or me to you?"

Me: Does he have any bi inclinations?

"no, he does not show any but i always wanted to watch him get a bj from another guy. He might be curious."

Me: It will happen. How about two tongues on his dick, one on the shaft and one on the head? Or three at the same time? Two on his dick and one on his balls. He'll be in Heaven.

"So will I. Can I get the same treatment?"

Me: Certainly and with pleasure.

Now, this was promising. We set up a time for Friday night and then I contacted Paul. He was ecstatic and loved her pictures. We both were curious to see just how curious he was. We decided to meet them at Paul's place.

Friday night, Paul's doorbell rang and Chris and Rob walked in, looking as though they had a little foreplay on the way over. Paul served wine and I lit up a bowl of my best weed. They sat on the couch while we sat in comfy chairs. I sensed that Rob was nervous and so this helped to to remove his edge. Chris was very talkative and with lots of questions.

"So, you two like to suck each other, right? That's something I want to see. I've always had this fantasy of watching two guys get it on."

Paul answered, "We do. I love the feel of cock in my mouth. So does he. How are you about this, Rob?"

Rob took a hit and thought a minute. "I'd like to watch you guys, too, mainly because Chris wants it and I like to make her happy. I have no desire to suck you guys but I'd be okay if you sucked me, if that's okay with you?"

"Why don't we let things develop organically?" I said. Standing up, I began to slowly peel off my clothes. My shirt went fast but I let my shorts down over my ass a bit until it, too, fell to the floor. I was wearing my new Hanes Mesh underwear, which clung to my package and, I thought, looked particularly sexy. I walked over to where Paul was sitting and he reached out and rubbed my bulge until I was good and hard. I noticed that Chris had her hand idly placed in Rob's lap. I then stood in front of them. Chris fondled me gently and she smiled.

Paul waved me over to my chair and he stood up. He stripped without any particular style but he did wave his pierced nipple in their faces. He dropped his shorts and sans underwear, his cock popped out, all eight inches and thick. I love his cock. Chris again smiled. Paul walked over to where I was seated. I leaned over and gave his glans a few licks. Then, he returned to his seat.

"Now, you."

Chris elbowed Rob and he stood up. With no teasing, he stripped down. When he pulled down his boxer's, his cock was hard and stiff. I was a little surprised at his small penis, maybe, I mean, maybe four and a half inches as well as his small, tight scrotum. He was a big guy, maybe six foot three and in good shape but whatever, his cut member looked like a comfortable but small mouthful. He turned to Chris, who kissed his glans.

"Come over here. Let me see that," said Paul.

Rob walked over to Paul, who grabbed the shaft and pumped it.

"That's nice. That's a good looking dick."

"My turn," I wanted to check it out, too.

Rob marched over to me. I looked, felt, stroked and then took him into my mouth, all the down to his root. I heard both of them sigh. I backed off and showed him his seat, nodding to Chris.

"Hmm. I have this stripper fantasy... Paul, can I have a little music?" Paul turned on Spotify and let her choose a playlist. "Good. Beyonce"

The music started. Chris stood in the center of the room staring at three naked men. She began to sway. Closing her eyes, he took the hem of her spaghetti-strap shirt and lifted it up over her head. She unbuttoned her shorts and dropped them. Glad only in a matching set of red bra and thong, she began to dance and feel herself up. She whipped her long hair around. Unsnapping the bra, she cupped her breasts and slowly set them free. Her breasts faced up, her nipples pointing north in an upturned design. He eyes still closed, she caressed her breasts. She turned around and began to slowly peel off her thong. She rolled it down to her ass and moved closer. As she bent lower, she pulled the thong down giving us a rear view of her beautiful entry points. Her vulval lips were puffy and damp. She turned around and opened her eyes. Slowly, she sat down in a squat and spread her thighs open, giving us a magnificent view of all her glory. We all applauded.

"Thanks! That was fun!" She sat back down next to Rob and called for the pipe. Your eyes were burning holes in me. And your dicks stayed hard! I am flattered. My ego thanks you."

"And I can smell that!"

"I love it when she plays stripper. She's really good at it, isn't she?" Rob speaks!

We applauded again and laughed. Paul cut us all off. "Now that we're all naked and horned up, why don't we move to the main event. He walked over to me and told me to stand up. He pulled me in front of the couch, so Chris and Rob could have a front seat. He got down on his knees and placed his hands on my ass burying his face into my mesh boxers. He slowly nuzzled my dick. I heard Chris moan. He slowly peeled my shorts down and my seven inches bounced free, wild and unbound. Paul began to lick the tip. I felt a shiver run through my body. Paul took me down about half way and sucked back up, with my cock bouncing out of his mouth with a loud "pop." He did that a few times and my knees got weak. Paul pulled away and stretched out on the floor. I knelt over his head and fed my cock into his mouth. Now, he was taking my length and sucking on it all the way back up, a technique he has that drives me wild.

Chris and Rob got up from the couch and sat on the floor next to us. They watched and played with each other. Chris whispered something and Rob got down on his back while Chris climbed up on his dick and slowly dropping down, pushing her clit against the root. I reached over and caressed her breast. She smiled. I leaned over to take Paul between my lips. I saw Rob watching intently. He was staring at me so I put on a show for him. I circled the glans with my tongue and then I proceeded to deep throat Paul. I slowly engulfed his cock as I slid down, pulling his cock into my craw. My mouth was stuffed. I looked over at Rob and he had an amazed look of wonder on his face. I slid back up and wrapped the large flared glans in my tongue. Chris lifted herself and moved off Rob's dick and stroked it. She lay next to him, both watching us intently.

I slid off Paul's dick and swiveled to the side. Rob's cock was bright red and maybe one foot in front of my face. I reached for it and gently stroked it, causing it to swell up some more. The glans was now dark red and swollen with blood. It seemed a bit longer, well maybe just a bit. I leaned over and took it into my mouth. Rob groaned and stretched his hips. Chris's face lit up and smiled while her man was getting blown.

Meanwhile, Paul was giving me his usual, excellent head. I began to respond by pumping my hips. I was still blowing Rob, but I was feeling my orgasm rising. Paul increased his deep sucking and I stretched my legs forcing my cock even deeper. "Paul, I'm cumming," I announced. He grunted in response. I looked up at Chris who had her fingers in her snatch. Rob was breathing heavily. I lifted my head up as my cock exploded into Paul's throat. Four or five volleys filled his belly as he pulled back and sucked the cum from the head. White ooze dripped down from his lips. My cock became sensitive and I pulled out, panting.

"That was a tasty load," said Paul, "and big!"

"You looked like you were really enjoying it," said Rob.

"Yes, I really was, Rob. There's nothing I like better than his cum. Why don't you give it a try?"

"Go ahead, Rob. I want to see you suck him." Chris was very excited at this prospect.

"Oh, okay...as long as this doesn't leave this room."

"Like we're going to tell anybody? Come on, try it. Suck my cock."

Without saying anything, Rob moved over to Paul's dick and touched it before stroking and caressing it. Chris moved over to watch her husband take his first penis. Paul was stiff and hard as Rob lightly kissed and tongued the head. I moved back onto Rob and sucked his length to the root. I began to earnestly do him. Chris was now moaning and her fingers were back in her cunt, which was giving off an intense aroma and making those loud squishy sounds I love. The air was thick with the scent of sex. I loved this scene.

"How do you like it, baby?"

"It's okay. Not what I thought...better. It feels good."

He went back to sucking but seemed to put more into it. Suddenly, and out of nowhere, he shot his cum into my mouth. His orgasm was even more voluminous than Paul's load. Seven, eight, nine volleys filled me with a salty batter. I let it fill my mouth before I looked up at Chris and let it drip down my chin. I licked around his dick until he couldn't take it anymore and pulled back. I turned to watch him on Paul. I also reached out to diddle Chris's clit. She was very wet. I pulled her over onto my face and I began to slurp her nectar. She pushed down on me so that my nose was against her clit. She was sliding on me and it felt great.

Meanwhile, Rob was going down on Paul and Paul was moaning. "You keep that up and I'm going to cum. Do you want me to feed you my cum?"

Rob panted, "I don't think I'm ready for that."

Chris said, "Try it, baby. What could be bad? I mean, as long as we're here and doing this... I love it when you cum in my mouth."

At that, Paul began to shoot. Rob pulled back. The first two shots landed in his mouth. The third, fourth and fifth shots covered his face. Chris, who was still straddling my mouth, bent over and began to lick the cum off her husband. Both she and Rob were giggling at the same time, seemingly over the moon by what they had just done.

We all lay there collecting ourselves. Chris, who'd had enough of my pussy lapping, slid off me and cuddled into Rob. "That was everything I hoped it would be. Thank you, guys. That was very hot. Do you think you'll do it again, baby?"

"Yeah, I think I will but only with you there, honey?"

"So what's next for you two?" I asked.

"I think we're going to find a bisexual couple so we can both go down," Chris offered.

"Yeah, I'd like to see you eat some pussy. Talk about hot."

"But only with you there, baby."

We sat around for a few minutes before Chris got up to go to the bathroom. "So, Rob, did you like my cock?"

"Yeah, I did. I really liked the feel of it, the control and even your cum. I feel liberated. I'd like to meet you guys again."

"Well, you did a fine job. Thanks."

"Sure, we can arrange another meeting." I offered.

"But without Chris," said Rob quietly.

"No, I don't think so. We don't want to get between you. Plus, I liked her cunt and I want more of it."

"I'd like to tap that, too. I didn't get a chance." Paul said.

Chris came back in and began to get dressed. Rob stood up to do the same. "Wait a second, Rob, there's cum dripping from your dick." Paul leaned over and was licking his cock, cleaning it off. Rob started to get stiff again.

"Hold that thought until we get home, baby. Then we'll fuck our brains out, okay?"

"Honey, I was just thinking that as long as we're here..."

"Still horny, baby? Let's see what Mama can do for you?"

She dropped her panties and mounted her husband. I moved over to them and stuck my cock into Rob's open jaw. Paul got behind them and began to lick his balls and her asshole. Instantly, there were moans and groans.

"How's that, hon?"

Rob said nothing. His mouth was filled with bratwurst and he was trying to take it deep.

"Good. Good. Suck my cock, Rob. That's it. Take it, take it all."

Paul had stuck a finger in both Chris and Rob's assholes. She was bouncing and moaning. I leaned over and licked them from the front, along his root and up to her clit.

"Oh my God, I can't believe this," she said. "This feels go good...so good...I'm gonna...Fuck! Don't stop, nobody stop...Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck...ah, ah,ah."

Rob began to arch up to her groin. I don't know if it was fucking her, having Paul wash his balls, having a finger up his ass or my tongue on his stem. Whatever it was, it was having the desired effect.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck..." Chris screamed so loud, I thought the police would soon be knocking on the door. Her pussy was flooding Rob's crotch and my nose. I lifted to tongue to her clit and held it there while she experienced her orgasm. Her orgasm didn't abate however, it increased. She screamed again, this time almost a shriek and began to babble incoherently. Finally, she began to calm. "Come baby, fill Mama's hot pussy. Shoot it." I slipped out of Rob's mouth and backed off, watching them. Paul, I noticed, was now rimming Rob.

She raised her head and began to bounce again, albeit not as vigorously. "Damn," said Rob as he was shooting his second load. "Damn."

"Oh yeah...fill me with that hot cum..." And so he did.

My cock was still hard and I watched this hot couple release all their inhibitions. It was truly a glorious scene. Both Chris and Rob had huge satisfied smiles. Paul also had a huge grin. He was also very hard.

"Chris, why don't you show Paul how sweet your mouth is?"

"Okay, Paul. Let me take a look at that monster." She licked the head and immediately enveloped it. She tried to take more of it in but she couldn't as it was bar bigger than any cock she'd ever had. I suggested that she move to his balls and let me take over. I showed her how I arrested the gag reflex by opening my throat. I gently took him down into my gullet. There was about an inch left before I reached his root.

"That's fucking amazing."

"Wow"

I slid up and down a few times before Paul grabbed the back of my head and began to face fuck me. "Yeah...Swallow it...here it comes." His organ began to shoot down the back of my throat. I slid up and he began to fill me with his viscous, milky, tangy and delicious fluid.

I heard those squishy sounds again and I looked over at Chris who was vigorously jilling herself. Panting hard, she mumbled, "So cool." She began to wail as her cunt was pulled wide open. Three fingers were buried inside as her thumb rode her clit. "Fuck...oh, fuck...ah, ah, ah." She began to seep her pussy juice over her hand. Rob bent down to lick it and she lifted off the launchpad. Her orgasm was a picture-perfect porn scene. Her inner lips were bright red and her entire cunt was puffy. Rob leaned back and Paul took over, lapping her juices as she rolled through her orgasm. Finally, having all cummed out, Paul leaned back as she was catching her breath. I leaned down and took a big slurp. My tongue ended up wrapped around her large, swollen clit. She bucked and dripped more cum as she came again. She then rolled onto her back and lay there gasping.

For about ten minutes, we lay there recuperating. Finally, Chris spoke. "Boys, you outdid yourself. That was such a great cum. I'm literally fucked out and very satisfied. Wow! You guys..." She idly drifted off in that thought. We lay around about another ten minutes.

"Okay, it's time to get this show on the road. Had enough, Rob?"

"Oh yeah, you could say that."

As they got dressed, Chris asked if we would be open to do more with them. Paul and I quickly agreed and suggested that they call us when they wanted to play again. We stressed that it would be all four of us, we wouldn't meet them separately.

"How would you feel if maybe another couple was there. We have these friends who are as curious as we are. We talked about it."

"How do you think we'd feel?"

She laughed. "I guessed that you'd be okay with that. I'll get to work on it," she said.

"You think you can really get Arlene and Tom to agree?" asked Rob.

"Are you kidding? In a heartbeat. Arlene really wants to feel me up, she's always touching me. And Tom keeps talking about his big dick. Let's see how fast it takes them to agree."

"This sounds like a fun party," I said, "We'll look forward to your call." And with that they left.

Paul and I just lay there. You could say that we were fucked out and satisfied. Or, at least, I thought so. I moved to get up and get dressed.

"Wait. Don't get up. I want to suck on you."

"Oh, jeez, man. I don't know if I can cum again. I doubt it."

"That's okay. I just want to feel you in my mouth again."

"Go for it!"

Lying back, I watched Paul lick my balls and wash my shaft. He got to my helmet and began to suck, nuzzle and generally, do everything right to make me hard again. He gently and tenderly made love to my cock, worshipping it. He lavishly sucked for a few minutes before he got up and mounted me, rubbing his cock against mine. Knowing that he loves frottage as much as I, I wanted to do this right.

"Let's get more comfortable," I said as I pulled him back into the bedroom.

He got my dick wet again by spitting on it. He spit some gobs on his dick, too. And then he mounted me again. I pulled my legs to my chest as he got between them and positioned his cock on mine. He held both cocks with one hand as his shaft began to slide on mine. I pushed up and pressed our cocks together. We frotted like this for a while but slowly picked up speed. We began to slide vigorously and with more intensity. To tell you the truth, I was lost in the friction and all the exquisite sensations. Paul was kissing and sucking on my left nipple. He seemed to be getting into it more than usual. Not that I noticed because I, too, began to breathe erratically as the experience heightened. I was loving this. It was like I was getting fucked like a woman, except my dick was my pussy.

Paul reached down and grasped our shafts again. With his pumping and our rubbing together, I began to well up into an orgasm, a really intense one. I arched up and bucked a few times, slapping our dicks. I thought my glans would explode but instead, my cum began to flow out like a child's fountain in a playground. And it just kept going and going, almost like I was peeing. I looked down and saw that our cocks were covered in milky cum. Suddenly, Paul began to cum. His first shot hit the hair on my chest. Then, he, too, began to flow cum, warm seed. He slowly sank down on me, resting on my chest, both of us quite spent.
