 A true story...

If you have read any of my previous works, you might remember that Lisa and my ex, Laura became good friends and sex partners.

One night, we were all together at Laura's house and enjoying some wine. We had just had a threesome and were relaxing nude in the hot tub.

As we were talking, I asked Lisa how her last gang bang went and she said it went well and was looking forward to doing another soon.

Laura looked at her and said, "Lisa, you did a gang bang? How many men?" 

Lisa looked at her and said, "Laura, that wasn't my first. I have had as many thirty men fuck me one night. It was terrific. Your ex here set it up."

Laura looked at me and said, "Tony, are you crazy, letting her do that?"

I looked at her and said, "Listen, Lisa and I talked about it and she was ok with it and so I set it up. The guys were gentlemen and everybody had a good time, right Lisa?"

Lisa just smiled and gave a thumbs up.

Lisa smiled at Laura and said, "Laura, maybe you should try one. You might enjoy it." 

We all laughed and played with each other in the hot tub before we headed back to the bedroom.

The next morning, I got up and the women were gone. I heard them talking in the kitchen. As I approached the kitchen quietly, I overheard them talking about a gang bang. I heard Laura ask Lisa if she would set it up and maybe Tony could help.

As I got closer, I made some noise so they knew I was coming. They stopped talking by the time I got there. 

I asked the women what the day was going to be like and Laura said she had to go out. Lisa and I said we would just hang out and fuck if that was ok with Laura, who gave us a big smile and said sure.

Laura got dressed and went out. Lisa and I got naked and went into the hot tub. 

As we were playing, Lisa said, "You are not going to believe this, but your ex wants to have a gang bang and asked me to set it up and that maybe you could help me."

I looked at her with a stunned expression on my face and said, "You have got to be fucking kidding me. The bitch wants a lot of cock?" "What did you tell her?"

I didn't say anything.

"Maybe we should surprise her with one though."

"I will tell her we could not arrange one," Lisa said.

With that, Lisa and I set out a plan to give my ex her wish. 

Lisa and I spent most of the time fucking and figuring out how and when to surprise my ex.

We decided on having the gang bang on Halloween, which would be perfect. Lisa said her house would be all decorated and Laura would never suspect anything.

Lisa said that she would take care of having everything ready in the house, especially the bedroom. 

We discussed how many men we would get for her first time. After discussing the number, we settled on twenty, which I had to get.

Lisa told me to get young men, in their 20's, with big cocks and who could shoot a ton of cum. I laughed and said I would try. I then mentioned that I had a couple of numbers of the good guys that did her and I would call them first.

So, the plan was starting to take shape as I only had a few days to get the men.

The next day I told Laura I had to go out and run some errands.

I went over to Lisa's so I could start my search. 

The first thing I did was put an ad on Craigslist, which read:

"Gang Bang"

Looking for twenty young men in their 20's, with big cocks and who are big cummers. The gang bang will be on Halloween. Let me know if you are interested."

Within hours, I started getting responses. I shared them with Lisa and we culled out those we wanted.

One fellow, who was 25, had a 10 inch cock and big balls. He even sent a video of him cumming. 

Another guy was 22 and had an 8 inch cock and thick.

The rest were in their early 20's and had nice size cocks, bugger than what Laura has had in the past.

Finally, we had our twenty and they were all set.

Lisa would have all the guys nude in the bedroom when Laura arrived.

As the day grew closer, arrangements were made with Laura to be at Lisa's house for Halloween. I was going to pick her up and drive her over to Lisa's.

Halloween night came and Lisa called me and said the guys were there. I told her to get them naked and wait for us. 

I picked up Laura and we headed to Lisa's. As we approached, we saw how great the house looked. It was definitely scary.

I thought to myself that the fun was going to begin soon and had a smile on my face.

Laura and I got out of the car and rang the bell. The door opened but it was dark inside and as the door opened, a naked guy was standing there. 

Laura stepped back in shock and I laughed. The fellow yelled out, "Trick or Treat." 

Laura looked at him and said, "Give me a treat." and laughed.

Lisa called out and told us to come in, which we did.

By that time, the naked guy went upstairs and disappeared.

We all laughed. 

Lisa then said to Laura, "Your Halloween treat is upstairs, you better go get it. It is in the room on the left."

Laura looked at her and started up the stairs, figuring she was just going to get laid by the guy.

When she got to the top, Lisa yelled out, "The room on the left."

Laura walked to the room, opened the door and put on the light. "Surprise!" All the naked men yelled.

Lisa and I raced up the stairs and told Laura that this was her treat, her first gang bang.

Laura looked stunned. "You guys are crazy. I can't do this" she said. 

Lisa looked at her and reminded her that this is what she asked for at the house.

Laura looked around at all the naked young men and their big cocks. Then she looked at me and said she would do it.

We help to undress her and prepped her for the fellows.

We told her to get on the bed and enjoy and that we would be there watching.

Lisa then said to the guys, "Be gentle with her. This is her first gang bang. Each one of will fuck her but you are to cum on her, not in her, unless she says otherwise."

Lisa and I stood in the corner and watched as each stud had their way with my ex. 

Every now and then, Laura eyed me and gave out a smile. 

She was such a sight as her legs were spread and guys were pumping her cunt with their big cocks. 

Each guy shot their cum on her tits and stomach. It was amazing.

The last guy was the one with the biggest cock and the one who sent his cumming video.

Laura looked at me as the guy mounted her. Even though her cunt was oozing her juices, the guy's cock had a hard time filling her cunt. 

After some thrusts, Laura's cunt accepted the entire ten inches. The guy started fucking her and she met him thrust for thrust as we all watched.

It wasn't long before he was going to cum. I heard Laura tell him to cum in her.

The guy pumped her harder and he said he was cumming. 

Lisa and I could see the cum spilling out of her cunt as he was still cumming. He then pulled his cock out and finished cumming in her mouth. His cum was endless.

As he finished, he just collapsed to her side, spent.

The evening came to an end. All the guys left and Laura was exhausted but happy.

Lisa took Laura into the shower and helped her get cleaned up.

The women came out and we sat down to some wine.

"Well Laura, what do you think? Was it worth it? Did you enjoy tonight?" Lisa asked.

Laura just looked at both of us, smiled and said, "Lisa, maybe you and I can do one together sometime."