 Dottie and Jeanne continued their friendship after returning home. Jeannie even got Gene to introduce them online to make it all appear legit. A few weeks later Jeannie told Dottie that Gene had a birthday coming up soon. 

"So what are you planning on giving him for his special day?"

"You."

Dottie sat looking at the monitor with her mouth hung open and fingers froze over the keyboard after reading that. After a moment to come to senses she was able to move again. 

"Just what do you mean?"

"Plain and simple, I want my gift from me to him to be you. You sat that your husband still hasn't touched you and is even sleeping on the couch. You need to feel a man inside of you. You are the one person I would ever suggest this too. When I first thought of you two together I didn't like the idea, but now that I know you, well it turns me on. It has always been a fantasy of mine to get him in a three way and no better way to enjoy something like that than with someone like you."

Dottie asked Jeannie to give her a few minutes to digest all this. Sitting back in the chair her mind was racing and in a jumble. True enough it has been ages since she had a real cock inside her instead of a toy. At the thought of another man filling her she became aroused and her body tingled. 

"Are you sure that this is something you want to venture into?"

"I am positive, but there is something else to it. I want to watch the two of you doing it first, and then could join in."

"Does Gene get to know about all this?"

"No, and it will be all a surprise for him. The way I am thinking about it all is to have him blindfolded. Do you think you could meet us at the beach house two weeks from this Saturday?"

"Yes, I can do that, just send me and email a few days ahead to remind me and let me know what I need to bring with me."

"I can do that and thank you in advance because I know this will be Gene's best birthday ever."

On Thursday before the Saturday Dottie received and email from Jeannie. Jeannie was asking her to get to the beach house around ten o'clock Saturday night. Also she had a favor to ask of Dottie and that was for Dottie to shave smooth like she was. Plus not to pack anything other than a change of clothes cause everything else would be taken care of. Finishing the email Dottie got up and went to look in on her husband who was sleeping on the couch. Sighing she went back to the bedroom and dug out here most realistic toy and laid back on the bed to please herself while thinking of Gene's cock burying itself inside her.

When Dottie was packed and ready to leave she told her husband that she was going to be gone for the weekend and would be back last Sunday night. He never even looked up from the television just said for her to be careful and have fun.

Dottie killed the headlights and coasted to a stop in front of the beach house as quiet as possible. Deciding to come back later for her suitcase she left it in the back seat and locked up the car. Making her way across the lawn she came to the garage that was left open for her. Over to the left at the back was the door that led into the kitchen so Dottie made her way to it and found it left unlocked. As quietly as possible Dottie pulled the door shut behind her and locked the door. She could hear Jeannie and Gene on in the house and she walked in the direction they came from. What she found surprised her. There in the living room was Gene fucking Jeannie from behind. Dottie stayed in the shadow of the doorway and watched the two go at it. Gene was taking long deep strokes in his wife and his strong hands were squeezing Jeannie's ass leaving red handprints on them.

"Come on Gene, fill me with your hot cum" Jeannie moaned while looking back over her shoulder at Gene. Gene started slamming harder against Jeannie.

"Oh yes baby, that is it, fill me up" Jeannie cooed. After they stayed joined for a couple of more minutes Jeannie crawled forward and let his deflated cock fall out of her and hang limply in front of him.

"Now while we both recover I want you to go and get a nice hot shower and get cleaned up again for me" Dottie could hear Jeannie telling Gene. "Stay in there and relax and when you are ready to get out give me a shout and I will come bring you a towel out of the dryer."

Before getting spotted Dottie crept back into the kitchen to wait. After a minute more Jeannie walked in just as the shower came on. When Jeannie turned on the light she jumped when she saw Dottie standing in front of the dryer.

"Oh gosh Dottie, you scared me. Did you come in early?"

"Nope" Dottie says nodding her head towards the clock, "looks like you had something on your m mind and lost track of time" she finished with a laugh. 

"Yes, I guess you are right" Jeannie said while turning on the dryer. Turning to face Dottie Jeannie pulled her close and their mouths came together in a soft kiss that grew more intense. Dottie's body responded immediately to the affection and attention.

"But I though I was going to get him first" Dottie said with a pout.

"Don't worry babe that was just a warm up. Once he gets out of the shower he will be good as new and will last a little longer. I guess I could have just teased and got him all hard and wet with my juices and left that for you to clean off."

"Now do you think I would have had any objections to that?"

"I don't know" Jeannie said as she slid Dottie's hand down between them, "why don't you tell me how we taste all mixed up in my hot cunt." With that she took Dottie's finger and ran it up and down along her sticky lips and then inserted it within herself. Slowly she ground herself against Dottie's hand and rode her finger for a few seconds then she pulled the finger out and pulled Dottie's hand up to Dottie's face. Slowly Dottie opened her mouth and slowly took in her middle finger and licked and sucked off all the juices that were on it. While Dottie was sucking her finger clean Jeannie hopped up on the dryer and spread her legs wide.

"Would you like to have a taste of that straight from the source? You can clean me up while Gene is in the shower getting ready for you." Dottie's answer was to lean down and start licking up a trail of cum that had leaked out and down Jeannie's thigh. Jeannie moaned when Dottie slid her tongue inside of her messy snatch and swirled it all around licking up the cream inside her.

"Oh yes Dottie, eat my pussy" Jeannie whispered while grabbing a handful of Dottie's hair. Dottie began to run her tongue up and down those sticky lips and circled Jeannie's still hard clit. Jeannie held tight to Dottie's hair and pulled her face into her more. Jeannie could feel her orgasm rolling in the pit of her tummy.

"You are going to make me cum baby, suck all those juices up baby" Jeannie encouraged as her hips began to rock up off the dryer. Dottie sucked on Jeannie's clit and licked all over, pushing her tongue in and out of her friends quivering cunt. 

"I'm cumming" Jeannie growled as her body began to shake. Dottie flicked her tongue up and down Jeannie's slit and slid it across and around her throbbing clit trying to catch all the tangy juices that flowed from within Jeannie. Jeannie's grip on Dottie's thick hair relaxed and Dottie stood up and kissed Jeannie hard and long. 

"Hey honey, I am ready to get out" Gene called from in the shower causing both girls to jump and then giggle as they were busted.

"Go into the bathroom that is in with the master bedroom and wait for me in there. Wash your face with the water on real low and go ahead and undress. Leave the door opened just a crack and when you hear me tell him to sit on the edge of the bed you can come and peep at what I will do."

"Okay and do you have something for me to change into?"

"Nothing, I want you naked just like I am" Jeannie said with on last kiss and she reached in and grabbed the towel and headed off to where Gene waited for her. Dottie silently walked down the hall and entered the bathroom thru the bedroom. Stripping down naked like her friend she couldn't help but look at her now bald pussy. She moved her hand down and ran it along the smooth wetness of her lips then back up to where hair use to be but was not smooth also. Going to the sink she turned the water on low and wet a rag and used a little soap and washed off her face and hands. On the counter she saw a bottle of Jeannie's perfume and took a couple of sprays aimed at her neck and body. Sitting quietly in the bathroom she waited. A few minutes later she heard them as they came into the bedroom and was talking. Patiently she waited to hear what Jeannie had told her to wait for. When she did she got up quietly and made her way to peek thru the cracked open door. Looking out in the room she saw Gene sitting on the edge of the bed and Jeannie was tying a dark scarf around his head and over his eyes.

"Can you see me now" she asked?

"Not really, just a shadow as you move around in front of me" Gene answered. After he said that Jeannie walked over and turned off the big light in the room leaving it lit by two candles that were on the headboard of the bed.

"How about now?"

"No, now I can't see anything" Gene said.

Jeannie walked in front of him and stood moving her arms up and down to see if he followed them. Leaning forward she kissed him softly on the lips. Then Jeannie stood up and massaged her breast then leaned in and teased Gene's lips with her very hard nipple.

"I sure you that you can still feel me though " she purred in his ear as she stroked his cock too.

"Sit back and be a good boy now and do as you are told understood?" Gene nodded his head yes. "I want you to move so that your hands are under you bottom, with you sitting on your hands. I am going to go in the bathroom and freshen up a little and will be back in a very few minutes." Before she came into the bedroom she turned on a radio and out came light sexy music filling the room.

"Well, are you ready my dear?"

"I think so and besides, too late to turn back now."

"Just relax and enjoy yourself. Remember that he can't see you or he won't be able to touch you so you will be in control of everything. I guess you can see the chair I will be sitting in watching the two of you" she says while spraying on some perfume too. "Now let's go and get you laid" Jeannie said opening the door and moving to the chair at the front of the bed.

"Are you ready for me baby" she asked Gene while sitting across from him. Silently he nodded yes and turned his head as if trying to see her.

Dottie walked in the room now and lightly ran her finger tips across his shoulder and neck. Stopping in front of Gene she reached down and lightly stroked his still soft cock. She could feel that it was still warm from his shower and felt it react to her soft touch. Looking over her shoulder she made the motion to get Jeannie to tell Gene to spread his legs open more.

"Spread your legs open more for me baby" Jeannie told Gene. As he spread his legs wider apart Dottie got down on her knees in front of him. She took his cock in her soft hands and gently began to caress his cock, feeling it growing under her fingers. Quickly she moved down and took him in her mouth. She loved to run her tongue all around a cock and to feel it get hard while inside her mouth. Bigger and stiffer he grew while she orally loved his cock and teased it by backing off so that just the tip was inside and she sucked and licked all around it. She wrapped her hand around his now hard shaft and slowly stroked him up down while she moved her lips up and down on his slippery cock. She felt him shift on the bed in front of her and knew he was trying to get his hands free from under him and she quickly pulled away, leaving his cock exposed in front of her.

"I told you not to be moving and to stay just how you are. If you move again or pull your hands from beneath you I will quit and you can sleep alone." When Jeannie said that Dottie gave Gene's cock a firm squeeze.

"Okay, okay" he exclaimed, "It was just feeling so good and you know I how I love to grab your head when you give my head like that. I promise not to move anymore though" he said like a school boy caught with a dirty book. Getting the nod from Jeannie to continue on Dottie went back to working his hard member with her soft hand and lips. Dottie could feel her pussy practically dripping now and knew she was ready to have him inside of her. As she let his member finally escape her lips she moved closer to him and ran her tits up against his shaft, a breast on each side and worked up and down. Before leaving him she rubbed her hard nipples all over his cock. Standing on up I took his head by the hair and pulled him to my left breast and fed him. His tongue felt rough and magical as he teased her nipples making them hard as pebbles. Slowly Dottie pulls back and then turns around and rubs her round bottom against Gene's face as he is still leaned forward from sucking her tits. Looking at Jeannie she flicks her tongue out in a licking motion and bends over in front of Gene. 

"Lean forward and lick my pussy baby, get me good and wet again for that hard cock of yours to pound in me" Jeannie said, getting Dottie's pussy wet just from those naughty words. Gene done as he was told and leaned forward and stuck his tongue out. He was kind of high and the first placed he licked was around her ass and he ran his tongue in a circle around her puckered hole. Slowly he traced a circle back around again then began to drag his tongue downward moving towards Dottie's steaming cunt. Leaning over even more Dottie opened herself up even more to his exploring tongue. His rough tongue ran along her wet lips and around her clit and he sucked in her little pearl while flicking his tongue across it and from side to side. Dottie got wetter and hotter as he worked his rough tongue all over her. Looking up Dottie could see Jeannie with her legs spread open wide as she played with her own slick lips while watching Dottie and Gene. Standing up Dottie reached out and ran her fingers along Jeannie's wet lips and then licked them off her fingers before turning around and pushing Gene so he was sitting up straight again. Gene's hard cock was standing up tall and hard from his lap now. Dottie moves back and sits in his lap, holding his cock against her smooth wetness at first and moving her slick lips up and down its length. Standing up slightly she move so she can impale herself on his stiff rod. Dottie is looking Jeannie straight in the eyes as she slowly sinks down on to Gene, taking his long hard shaft inside of her. Jeannie reaches down beside her and pulls out a big fake cock and pushes it inside of herself as if she was the one riding the hard cock that has her so full. Gene's cock has her so full that she sits and enjoys the sensation while getting use to its bigger size. Slowly she begins to move her hips back and forth against him. She can feel him deep inside of her and she reaches down between her open legs and lightly touches his balls, caressing them. Jeannie is still working the dildo in and out of her snatch at an even pace and not taking her eyes off her friend and her husband fucking in front of her. Dottie begins to move faster now, pushing herself up and down on Gene's hard shaft. She can feel her juices as they leak out and run down on his ball while she plays with them. Faster and faster she starts to ride as she can feel the tingeing in her womb now, her orgasm coming soon. Dottie is trying hard to be quiet but Jeannie is moaning loudly while she works the hard toy in and out of herself in front of them. Dottie reaches up and plays with her nipples while bouncing on Gene's cock faster and harder. She can feel his cock growing thicker inside of her and her own pussy starts to vibrate as her orgasm races on. She wants to feel his hot seed inside of her like Jeannie got earlier and massages his cock and touches his cock when it is exposed. Now he is pushing his hips up against her, driving his cock deeper inside her slippery cunt. Grunting h e says the he is going to cum and Dottie impales herself down onto him as her orgasm hits full force, her pussy pulsing around his stiff member while he moves up and down a few more strokes. With a loud groan she can feel his cock throbbing inside then his hot seed shoot out and begin to fill her aching pussy. She moves herself against him lightly, massaging his cock with her muscles, milking him dry inside of her. Coming down off her high she leans back against Gene and she can feel his heart beating hard and fast. She watches as Jeannie gets up from her chair and moves so she is standing in front of them and nods her head, meaning it is time to take the blindfold off. Dottie leans forward a little and Jeannie reaches around and unties the blindfold and lets it fall.

"Gene meet Dottie" she says from in front of us as his eyes adjust to the light of the candles. 

"What the" gene stuttered as he quickly moved off of his hands and pushed Dottie out of his lap making her stand up beside Jeannie.

"What's the matter baby, do you not like my birthday gift for you?"

"But how did you, when did you?" Gene kind of scooted back up the bed till he was sitting up against the headboard. Dottie lies across the foot of the bed and could feel the cum starting to trickle out from between her still open lips. 

"This is something I wanted to give you something and I knew you would never ask for something like this no matter how bad you wanted it."

"I hope I was good for you, I know you made me feel more alive than I have in a very long time" Dottie said toying with the wetness between her legs. "When Jeannie asked me if I would do this I didn't know what to think but I knew that it was something she wanted to be special for you and was very happy to be part of it."

Jeannie crawled up on the bed next to Dottie and said, "Tell you what baby, you just sit there and relax, I and Dottie can give you something to watch and hopefully you will be joining up soon."

Dottie lay back down on the bed and watched as Jeannie crawled over her and got in position for a sixty-nine. Dottie moaned when she felt Jeannie's tongue lapping at her pussy but it was muffled by the fact that she was busy sucking and licking Jeannie's wet snatch. The two ladies were stretched out across the end of the bed busily licking and sucking each others juices down their thirsty throats. It wasn't long before both ladies were cumming and moaning wildly. Looking up from between Jeannie's legs Dottie could see that Gene was hard again and was stroking his cock while watching the two women in front of him.

"Come on Gene, come down here and give your wife a good fucking" Dottie said from under Jeannie. Gene practically jumped off the bed and stood behind his wife's bottom that was up in the air. Dottie took hold of his cock but before guiding it inside of Jeannie she gave it a quick suck and tasted herself on him. After licking up and down his shaft she took his cock back out of her mouth and lined it up with Jeannie's wet lips. When he felt his tip against her he pushed forward, pushing all his cock inside Jeannie in one swift motion. Jeannie moaned against Dottie's mound as Gene used long deep strokes to fill her own pussy. Lying beneath them she watched as Gene's cock worked in and out of Jeannie's wet lips. If he came out she would grab his cock and give it a few good licks and then guide him back inside. Dottie also leaned up and sucked and licked his balls. Jeannie started pushing her dildo up inside of Dottie making her moan with a mouth full of Gene's balls. Dottie and Jeannie's bodies were rubbing against each other as they moved back and forth, Jeannie being pushed my Gene's cock and Dottie riding the hard dildo. It wasn't long till all three of them were ready to cum again with the fast pace they were going at. Gene was moving faster now, really driving himself deep inside of Jeannie. Jeannie was pushing the full length of her toy inside of Dottie. With each lady being filled by hardness and the other licking and sucking at throbbing clits they were both on the brink and ready for release. In a flash their orgasms started popping off. Dottie came first, feeling Jeannie's tongue on her clit and the toy deep inside her she pushed her hips up and let the waves roll over her body. Gene pumped hard and fast against Jeannie sending her over the edge and Dottie could feel her clit throbbing while she sucked it and Gene kept pounding until he too was cumming. His cock slipped out from inside of Jeannie and the last of his seed spilled out and landed on my breast and neck. We all separated and lay across the bed, the only sound coming from our panting and the whirring of the ceiling fan. 
