 Even though sleeping with my friend Katie was merely the culmination of one of the lowest points in my life, it turned out to be one of my most memorable sexual encounters. For years, we had been just platonic friends. Over time, I suspected that Katie was attracted to me, but that attraction was never mutual until one especially frigid night in February. That night, I let my guard down just long enough to enjoy an episode of surprisingly wild and passionate sex with a girl whom I failed to even notice sexually prior to that event.

Katie wasn't the most attractive girl I'd banged but was cute nevertheless. She was a little thick -- not overweight, but thick -- and had pale skin with those rosy red cheeks I'd never found appealing. She also sported chin-length blond hair, and I was definitely a long-haired-brunette kind of guy. I'd actually never fucked a blond until Katie. To her credit, she did stand about 5'7", had bright blue eyes and a great smile, complete with pearly white teeth and luscious lips -- all traits that I'd found attractive even before I consented to screw her. Her sizable rack didn't hurt her cause by any means, giving an added bonus for a guy who was into banging more petite chicks.

What had changed my mind about Katie were my personal circumstances during that point in my life. I had just been jerked around and led on for three months by a girl with whom I thought I'd have a meaningful, lasting relationship. The breakup was so abrupt and executed so poorly by my now-ex that it immediately plunged me into a near depression, and the stress of my job coupled with the unrelenting bitter weather during that season may have pushed me over that edge.

Several good friends were there to support me during that stressful time, and Katie was one of those friends. In reality, I hadn't always gotten along with her perfectly, though; she was kind of selfish, immature and borderline annoying at times, but, in her defense, she was only 21 years old, significantly younger than I. I knew she'd grow up. Regardless, she was very sweet and encouraging throughout those couple weeks during which I struggled.

Maybe it was my desperate need to do anything that made me feel better during that rough time (while remaining a responsible adult), but I began to see Katie differently. One day, I asked her if she wanted to hang out with me that coming Friday night. She happily agreed and followed up by asking if we'd be getting dinner.

"Hey, what the hell," I said. "Let's make it a date."

There were plenty of factors that easily could have made my first date with Katie a disaster. Work ran late, so it was already dark by the time I got home. The temperature was 6 F when I walked out to the car to make my way to the agreed-upon restaurant. It was so cold that I wanted nothing more than to go back inside my warm apartment and just avoid what I was expecting to be an awkward evening anyway. Finally, it began to snow pretty bad once I was about halfway there, naturally. I hated driving in the snow.

To my surprise, however, Katie and I had a lovely time right from the start, actually. Immediately, I was stricken with how hot -- not just attractive, but hot -- Katie looked. Her short red dress caught my attention right away, presenting her body perfectly. It was short, going maybe halfway down her thighs, and low-cut, showing off just enough cleavage so as to to still not be whorish. Not only did it accentuate the features I already admired, such as her red lips, big boobs and round ass, but it flipped those qualities I had previously overlooked: the garment hugged her frame flawlessly, drawing me to her hips and creamy thighs; her rosy cheeks glowed just right with the dress as well as with the makeup she wore; and her pale skin contrasted with the the clothing in the most lovely way. In addition, her blond hair hung straight, almost touching her shoulders, with just a slight curl. A lock of it hung cutely over the side of her face but carefully avoided obscuring one of her bright blue eyes. I also noticed her high heels and jewelry -- all black -- that worked well with the outfit.

Confused is probably the best way to describe my feelings as Katie and I were led to a table. I'd never really minded having Katie around but, like I said, was more likely to feel annoyance with her than arousal. In that moment though, I was thankful for the poor lighting in the restaurant; otherwise, the proverbial roll of quarters in my pants would have been more obvious. Regardless, I'd later found out she'd noticed my boner anyway.

On purpose, I'd chosen a more casual location to get dinner, but it hadn't stopped Katie from dressing up, obviously. Initially, I hadn't wanted my strictly platonic friend to take this date too seriously, but now I was glad I hadn't discouraged her too much. I know there were a lot of personal factors weighing on me that perhaps clouded my judgment, but my goal that night changed before our order was even taken: I wanted to have sex with Katie.

When I complimented Katie on her dress, she smiled and blushed a little. She seemed happy that I not only noticed her attempt to dress up for me but liked it as well. From there I began to flirt with her more and more shamelessly throughout the course of our dinner. As the meeting progressed, Katie responded more giddily to my new-found attraction for her. Her several drinks, which I didn't discourage, only lowered her inhibitions. I'd perceived Katie to have a bit of a drinking problem before, so I didn't want to take advantage of her, but I figured a couple drinks to help her get the edge off would better ensure some adult fun later.

Getting to the point, I invited Katie to come back to my apartment when we walked back into the cold, snowy night. The undesirable conditions of the roads made my invitation all the more gentlemanly too, not that I had much doubt that Katie's mind was going down the same path as my own. Undoubtedly, the girl would readily accept the opportunity to spend the night at my place.

It wasn't all that late when we got back to the apartment, but the roads were so bad that nothing else was really worth the trouble. I clarified for Katie that she could sleep over, especially since the weather was bad and she had had maybe one drink too many at dinner. I offered her my bed, suggesting I sleep on the couch. Those aforementioned drinks probably had something to do with her response:

"The couch?" she said with a tone that assured me she'd had too much alcohol. "You're going to fuck me, right?" She immediately caught what she's said. "Oh my gosh, I'm sorry! I was just kidding. I'm sorry," she stuttered before I could respond.

I smiled and looked over at my blond friend, thinking about what the rest of the night had in store. "No," I said, "you're right: I won't need the couch tonight." Katie's face went from embarrassment to delight instantly. I wondered if her heart was beating as hard as mine.

We hurried into the apartment, fighting through what was now a snowstorm. Once we were inside the warm lodging, we slipped out of our jackets and shoes before I led Katie to the bedroom. If I'd had something alcoholic for her to drink, I would have offered, but she didn't need it anyway.

As Katie sat on my bed, I was across the hall in the bathroom psyching myself up to nail my friend. It was crazy how just a few hours ago I would have never seriously considered actually having sex with Katie and now I wanted nothing more. Once I felt prepared, I made my way back across the hall.

Maybe because she was tipsy or maybe because it was just her way of getting to the point, Katie was under my covers when I came into the room, a wide smile on her face. The next thing I noticed was that the dress, along with a black set of panties and a bra, were on my floor. I had expected some sort of striptease but now suspected that she was a little self-conscious of her body. It was no matter, though, as I just followed suit and joined her naked in the bed after turning out the lights.

As my eyes adjusted to the darkness, my cock was rock-hard in seconds as I prepared to screw my friend. Once I could see better, I climbed up on top of Katie and hovered over her, propped up by my arms. I realized Katie had nothing about which to be self-conscious. Maybe it was the way the pale light filtered through the blinds on her pale skin, but I found her body very sexy in that moment. Her large breasts jiggled a bit as her flat stomach rose and fell with her breathing. I was captivated and more than ready to enter her. First, though, I wanted to taste those perfect tits.

Katie giggled a bit and cooed as I leaned forward and put my lips around her left nipple. I sucked gently on it and then traced around her boob with my tongue, causing my friend to squirm beneath me. Then I switched to her right breast and gave it the same treatment. The longer I did it, the louder Katie moaned and the more abrupt her movements became. Eventually, my tongue traveled down her front as I licked her stomach and finally arrived at her clit.

"Oh please," Katie whined. Using one hand, I located Katie's sweet spot and spread it open a bit before putting my tongue back on her body, this time pushing the tip into her pink pussy, which was already wet with anticipation. Katie slapped her hands on the sheets and gripped them tight as she felt me begin to lick her pussy.

I ate Katie out for a few minutes, varying my force and consistency but all the while making her squirm and moan. I lapped persistently at her twat, which grew increasingly wet the longer I pleasured it. Before long, we were more than ready to fuck, but I wanted her to suck me first.

Perhaps it came from being good friends before the sexual interest developed or maybe because I was really just asking for her to return a favor, but I had no difficulty asking Katie for exactly what I wanted. She was happy to comply, too, switching with me on the bed so that I was on my back and she was in her knees, the blanket still on top of us as she scooted between my legs. Next, she took my engorged cock in her hand, looking at it with wide, greedy eyes as she began to stroke it with her soft hand.

"I've wanted this cock inside me for so long," Katie said as she looked into my eyes, now beating me off. I sighed with pleasure, not responding to her but just watching as she rubbed my cock before lowering her head and opening her mouth. I exhaled loudly as Katie slid her hand to my balls and took my raging boner into her warm, wet mouth.

For the next few minutes, Katie's head bobbed up and down as she held my cock in place, sucking the entire length and making it slick with her saliva. I gripped the sheets and pressed my head hard against the pillow, moaning every few seconds to affirm my friend who was pleasuring me. It wasn't the best blowjob I'd received in my life, but Katie certainly knew her way around a stiff cock.

Next, Katie crawled up onto me. In response, I rolled over, flipping her into her back and quickly spreading her legs. Katie grinned and looked down, watching as I used one hand to hold my wet prick while my other hand searched for her pussy. When I found it, it was practically dripping.

Nerves began to hit me as I moved forward with fulfilling my new-found desire to bang Katie. After all the shit I'd been hit with lately, I almost felt relief from the fact that something was going to feel good for a change. Once I wedged my tip into Katie's damp twat, I slowly pushed forward.

As I thrust into Katie, I stopped every inch or so and watched Katie's reaction. Each time I did so, she closed her eyes and moaned. She told me how good I felt inside her, and I continued to push forward until my cock was to the hilt inside her. At this point, we both exhaled, and I lay down on top of her.

Katie instantly wrapped her arms around me, and, with my head over her right shoulder, I began to thrust in and out of her. Her pussy was wet and tight around my cock as it pushed back and forth into the blond. I felt Katie's ankles press against my calves, her heels digging into my muscles as I ground deep into her and then pulled back and thrust in again. We moaned in unison as we adjusted to each other's bodies.

As I made love to her pussy, Katie pushed me up, pulling my head away from her shoulder and over her face instead. Then we kissed for the first time. It struck me how I'd commenced having sex with her before even kissing her. I'd never before done those things in that order, but I'd also never had a fuck buddy before, which is essentially what Katie was to me in this moment. Even as I made out with her while I fucked her, I wasn't looking for anything romantic and hoped Katie would be on the same page. Fun with my friend was all I wanted.

Still taking my cock deep inside her hard and steadily, Katie pushed me onto my back, causing us to both roll over. I desisted from thrusting into her but managed to keep my cock stuffed firmly inside her as we moved. Now on top of me, Katie pulled away, sitting up on me. The blanket fell down to our legs, and now I was really able to take in Katie's naked body. The sweat on her boobs and stomach glistened in the little light that was reflecting off the snow and filtering through the blinds. 

Blond hair fell into Katie's eyes as she leaned forward, putting both hands on my stomach as she ground on my cock. She grinned at me, and I grinned back as I ran my hands up and down her thighs. Then she started to slide up and down my cock. Before long, she was riding me steadily. 

I moaned, and Katie gasped as her boobs and hair rocked up and down while her body did the same. Katie steadily fucked me, tightening her pussy around my member as she rode me. After a few moments of intense intercourse, my friend asked for me to put her on her back again and ravage her until we both came. Before tonight, I would have never expected such language from this girl. Even as she fucked me, it still shocked me a little, but I complied.

Again not slipping out of Katie, I rolled her onto her back and resumed fucking her missionary style after just a brief stint of reverse cowgirl. I got right to pounding Katie's pussy as she held onto my hips, pushing each of my thrusts as deep into her as possible. I moved slowly and deliberately at first, watching Katie's eyes flutter shut each time my balls touched her taint as she reacted to the pleasure. Then I moved faster, thrusting in and out of her quickly, nailing her to the mattress beneath her, which creaked each time Katie was pounded into it.

My head now over her shoulder again and her arms and legs wrapped around me, Katie cried out as I slammed into her over and over. Our bodies leaked sweat that mingled together as out flesh slipped and slapped against each other. I could tell by Katie's movement and moaning that she was nearing an orgasm, so I pumped even harder into her, which made her cry out until she said, "I'm cumming all over your cock!"

From that point on, I pushed hard into Katie's pussy again and again to work myself up to an orgasm of my own. Just before my cock erupted, I pulled out and hovered over Katie as I stroked myself, trying to hold in my climax for as long as possible so as to blast her with some hard spurts. Katie was panting and I was straining as we both awaited my finish.

I aimed for Katie's boobs and finally let loose. My burst was so hard that the first spurt overshot Katie's tits completely and hit her clean in the forehead, streaking down her left eyelid and cheek. Katie laughed between breaths as the next shot hit her chin, and then the rest of it successfully doused her boobs and streamed down to her stomach.

After that night, Katie was just the fuck buddy I'd hoped she'd be. It turned out she was actually getting banged by a couple other guys, a fact that pretty much floored me. Beside her draw to alcohol, she came off as a pretty upright chick. I had no idea she was kind of a whore. I was OK with it though, so long as I didn't catch anything, because I had no interest in her other than friendship and casual sex.

Katie and I didn't sleep together very often; we just left that door open, a door which we went through on average about only once a month. We both had other more significant interests anyway, but every so often one of us would get bored or we'd just be hanging out alone and decide to go back to my apartment and fuck just for fun. The most memorable experience came that following fall, though, at a Halloween party hosted by one of her friends. It was the night I'd get to try a Katie sandwich.

Nothing sexual fascinated me like double penetration, and once I'd participated in a double-penetration threesome for the first time, I was hooked. It was almost immediately after fucking Katie that I started to fantasize about her being sandwiched, and when I learned of her other lovers, the idea seemed feasible. However, I had no idea how to jump the hurdle to get group sex on the table until, finally, it just happened.

This party was pretty bad ass, by the way. The decorations were insane, and there was tons of food, drink and interesting people. I went as a reaper, and Katie dressed up as a cat. True to the holiday, the cat outfit was pretty skanky: short black skirt with black knee-high boots and a tight, low-cut black shirt with long sleeves. The only things making it a cat outfit were the clip-on tail and headband ears -- and a bow tie, for some reason.

Let me cut to the chase: I went with Katie and realized when I got there that I didn't know anyone else there, so I stuck with her pretty much the whole time. Throughout the evening, Katie drank pretty heavily and was really getting into the party scene. The more she drank, the more rambunctious she got. It was pretty annoying, actually. Also, she didn't want to leave. I was ready to go home and go to bed by midnight, but it was now 2 am, and she was pretty smashed while only a few people remained.

"Let's go," I said to her as we sat beside each other on the couch as some other drunkards stumbled around the living room. Katie's response this time was definitely caused by her drinking.

"How about you fuck me right here on the floor?" she whispered. 

"No," I said. "Come on." We hadn't had sex with each other in a couple months by this point and I'd honestly been hoping for some action going into this night, but I wasn't going to entertain the idea of a public display and wasn't particularly attracted to her in that moment, not to mention I didn't take her seriously. I was in no mood for her bullshit. It took, however, only a few moments for that mood to change.

"Fine," she said. "This guy'll fuck me." She immediately got up and tapped some guy in a creepy clown costume whom I'd later find out to be one of the guys who had fucked her before I did. I went back to occupying myself with my phone rather than paying attention to what Katie was doing and, before I knew it, she and the stranger had disappeared from the room.

At this point, I was very annoyed. Not only was I tired and bored, but I couldn't even go home because my friend was too drunk to stay put and let me give her a ride. I waited uncomfortably on the couch for just a few minutes before I decided to look for Katie and get a move on. After checking the entire downstairs, I couldn't find her, so I headed to the second floor. No one was really supposed to go upstairs, as far as I knew, but I hadn't found her with the rest of the party.

I didn't make it halfway up the stairs before I rolled my eyes upon clearly hearing that Katie had seriously gotten that guy to fuck her. Her moans were unmistakable; I knew it was Katie. Anger flared up initially, as I was too tired to put up with her drunken stupor, and I began to turn around and head back down the stairs. However, that little lust demon inside me quickly took over.
