 I smoothed my dress and checked my look in the mirror. It was my weekend and I had plans... big plans. I'd come up with my latest idea not long after the last time it was my turn to choose the play. While the others had taken their turn, I'd refined and expanded upon my initial idea until it was perfect. Now, my weekend had finally arrived, and I was almost thrumming with excitement.

In the mirror I saw Carl, my husband, step out of the bathroom dressed in his light grey blazer with the black threads woven in, paired with pleated black pants and a shirt of the lightest imaginable pink. It was a comfortable, relaxed, casual look, and he looked good enough to eat. I smiled at his reflection when he paused to look me over. Michelle was going to be pleased. I turned to face him.

"They should be here any minute," I said as he kissed me lightly on the lips.

We kept the kiss innocent and didn't allow it to linger. I was so pumped up by my idea it wouldn't take much for the kiss to quickly get out of control. I'd already fucked the shit out of him several times over the past months while playing out the fantasy in my head, but doing so now would not only leave our guests standing in the heat outside our front door, which would be embarrassing, but it would also ruin my plans. 

"Yeah, and you look great," he murmured as our lips slowly parted.

My smile spread as I stepped back and ran my fingers along the lapel of his jacket. "You're looking pretty fuckable yourself."

We always dressed for our play dates. It was one of our informal, unspoken, but mutually agreed upon rules. Like Carl and me, Michelle and David wanted to look their best when we got together to play. 

The four of us typically dressed like this when we socialized, Carl and David in coats and comfortable pants, Michelle and me in dresses, or sometimes a jacket and skirt. The men rarely wore ties unless we were planning for dinner somewhere extra fancy, and Michelle and I left the overtly sexy stuff in our closets. 

We kept our play between the four of us and didn't advertise our arrangement. If additional or specialized clothing was required for a given weekend, it was brought in a discreet case. Not dressing in any type of 'come fuck me' clothing prevented the neighbors from talking, and everyone was already dressed for dinner without having to bring extra clothes.

I forced myself to take a step back. Carl and I hadn't fucked last night or this morning, and I knew from talking to Michelle, she and David did the same. While there was no covenant about foregoing carnal delights the day before and the morning of, Carl and I always abstained before we got together to play with the Blackwells to increase the intensity of our play. The denial was always worth it, but thinking about what the four of us were going to do the next day always made it hard for Carl and me not fuck the shit out of each other the night before. I smiled to myself with the delicious tension that building as we waited on Michelle and David to arrive.

"So, what did you say we were doing?" Carl asked, trying to trip me up so I'd reveal my plans for the day. 

He'd been wheedling me for a couple of nights over my plans. Normally I'd tell him, but this time I kept my idea to myself. I didn't want to give him any special advantage over David because I wanted him to work for it today.

I waggled my pointer finger in front of his face like a metronome. "Ah, ah, ah," I teased. "You'll find out when David and Michelle do."

He grimaced at me. "Why the big secret?"

I gave him my best wicked seductress smile. "Because you're going to have to earn it this time, big boy," I purred.

"Oh, God," he moaned before stepping past me with a grin.

I followed him out of the bedroom with a giggle. We all had our little kinks, and mine was I got all horned up from David and Carl competing. Nothing turned me on more than watching them get all sweaty while trying to out fuck each other. If there was an element of direct physical competition between them as well? Ho-ly fuck, that was some hot shit!

The last time it was my turn to choose the play, I had the four of us lie down nude on the floor and arm wrestled. The winner of the match between Carl and David would fuck the winner between Michelle and me. The four of us were side-by-side on the floor, grunting and straining at the same time so someone couldn't sandbag the results. Michelle beat me mere seconds before Carl pinned David's arm.

I was still telling myself the only reason I lost was because I was distracted by the deep grunts and snarling mutters of the men as they strained against each other with their hard cocks pinned between their bodies and the floor, how they slowly pulled themselves tighter together until their shoulders were almost touching as they struggled, and their fierce snarls of defiance and effort, not to mention the bulging muscles of their arms and chest. 

I was still shaking out the ache in my arm when David had cried out in defeat. With the bout decided, I wasted no time in mounting David, so turned on I couldn't be bothered going to the bedroom first, and in moments I'd fucked myself to a wailing orgasm on his big, hard, cock as the winners watched. 

After I recovered, we'd joined Michelle and Carl in our bedroom for some enthusiastic bed wrestling. The men had been good sports and had even engaged in a little pretend wrestling for my benefit as we approached the end of our play. While fucking Michelle and me, they'd positioned us on the corner of our bed, and then lunged at each other over us, tangling their arms around each other's head to lock themselves together as they continued slamming their cocks into us. I had a good view of them, their bodies gleaming with sweat as they grunted and snarled at each other above me, and though I knew at the time they were faking it, I still came so hard from that little show I'd damned near passed out. It was the hardest orgasm of my life, and it had finished me, leaving me a boneless puddle of goo on the corner of the bed. Thank God Michelle was able to step up and finish them both.

I smiled to myself. That was the thing about our arrangement. While we played together only on the last Saturday of each month, the memories provided fodder for all the fucking we did between our play dates. It also provided endless hours of conversation between Michelle and me as we compared notes and giggled over our exploits.

The bell rang and I smiled as I hurried to the door. Carl sauntered up beside me as I twisted the knob and opened the front door wide. 

"Hey!" I cried "Come in!"

"Carlton, my man!" David said, stepping in and gripping Carl's extended hand, pulling him into a chest bump that dissolved into a back slapping greeting with their free hand. 

"David. Good to see you again," Carl replied.

"You look lovely!" I exclaimed, closing the door behind Michelle before pulling her into a hug.

"Oh, this old thing?" Michelle teased as I released her and hugged David, Carl doing the same to Michelle.

David was dressed much like Carl, wearing a tan blazer with an almost undetectable check pattern over medium blue pants and a lighter blue shirt. Michelle, his wife, was radiant in her rich blue boatneck dress that had a subtle gather on her left hip to give the dress an extra splash of style. 

"Can I get anyone anything?" I asked as I released David. "The wine is chilled."

"Maybe later," David replied.

"Same here," Michelle added.

It was the answer I expected, but I was playing the doting hostess.

David smiled down at me. "You're not going to have Carl try to break my arm again are you?" he teased. "My arm hurt for two days after the last time."

I grinned at him. "No. I have something much more challenging for today."

David's smile slowly disappeared as he glanced at Carl. "You know what's going on?"

Carl grimaced. "Not a fucking clue."

"Fuck..." David breathed, causing Michelle and me to giggle.

We'd been playing together for almost eight years. David was the oldest, at forty, and Michelle was the youngest, two years his junior. Carl and I were both thirty-nine, though because of the way our birthdays fell, I was closer in age to David, and Carl was closer to Michelle's age, than we were to each other. Carl teased me about liking older women, and I gave it back to him claiming was robbing the cradle.

The four of us had been friends for years, working and socializing together before taking our friendship to the next level with our special, and exclusive, arrangement. When we'd made the leap to being more than friends, our friendship had deepened, and now David and Michelle were my dearest friends. I was pretty sure the other three felt the same.

Carl and David had always been good looking guys. David was the taller of the two by an inch or so at about six feet, but Carl is more heavily built. When we began playing together, after a couple of sessions, David had started hitting the gym. When his hard work and dedication started paying dividends, Carl, not wanting to get shown up, began working out himself. Though they didn't work out together, like they often tried to out fuck each other, they'd started trying to out muscle each other. They'd plateaued a couple of years back, but that was no bad thing.

Carl might be a little bulkier, but David was cut and ripped to perfection. With a round, open and friendly face, strawberry blonde hair, playful blue eyes, and a cherub nose, he was panty dropping sexy. When he was wearing his flight suit and aviator sunglasses, he was even more so, and when he was wearing nothing at all, his big cock hanging between his legs, or standing proudly erect, begging to be sucked or ready to slide into one of our pussies, he was sexier still.

"Come in and sit down," Carl invited, leading our guests deeper into the house.

It was just past one in the afternoon. The last Saturday of the month at one was our normal day and time, unless other arrangements were made beforehand. Like with all things related to our play, any change had to be agreed to by all parties. If anyone objected, the matter was immediately dropped. That was one of our most sacred rules. Anyone was free to object to anything and coercion was strictly forbidden. We were comfortable around each other and knew our boundaries, so objections were rarely raised, but having the ability kept the play safe and fun for everyone.

We settled in the living room in our customary spots, Carl and me on the loveseat while Michelle and David took the two chairs. While our sex was often incredibly intense and rewarding, we never arrived and got straight to business, all parties agreeing that doing so cheapened the experience.

The four of us worked for the air ambulance service here in Phoenix, Arizona, so naturally the dominant topic of conversation was shop. I was David's nurse, and Michelle was Carl's, since Flying Angels Air Ambulances, or FA3, wouldn't allow spouses to fly together. If they only knew. Even though we saw each other at work, and practically every weekend, there was always plenty to talk about as we compared notes and swapped stories.

We spent the next hour laughing and talking, allowing the tension to build between us. We knew why we were together, but like with Christmas, the anticipation was part of the fun. 

"Don't you think it's time to let us know what we're doing?" Carl asked as Michelle finished her tale of an admitting nurse getting the vapors over her pilot while she and Carl filled out paperwork.

That was another nice thing about our arrangement. As sexy as Carl was, I didn't worry about Michelle trying to poach him, and I knew she'd kick the ass of any woman that tried to put the moves on him. I had her back, she had mine, and the men were the same. I was as possessive of David as Michelle was, and the first bitch that got out of line around him would find that out the hard way. 

I smiled, almost squirming in anticipation as I prepared to unveil my latest scheme. "A sex challenge," I began, "but not any sex challenge. Best two out of three, with a different challenge each time, designed to make the guys sweat." I paused, both to let the tension build and to give someone a chance to object.

"Okay. Sounds interesting. Go on," Michelle encouraged with a grin and a nod. 

I snickered as the guys exchanged glances, neither of them looking particularly excited. "The first challenge is which of them can last the longest. I try to make David come as fast as I can while you do the same to Carl. The first one to come, loses."

"What's the winner gets?" David asked with a wicked smile.

"Nothing, because it isn't over yet."

"And this is just between me and David?" Carl asked. "What if I make Michelle come first?"

"Doesn't matter," I said with a shake of my head.

"Oooh," Michelle purred. "I'm liking this plan better all the time. I can do anything I want to make Carl come, and he can't stop me?"

I nodded. "Anything at all, and I'm going to do the same to David." I held David's gaze for a moment and then smiled.

"Okay, then what?" Carl asked, a noticeable bulge appearing in his pants.

"Then, we switch, and we do it again. First one to come wins. Oh! I almost forgot. This happens as soon as the winner of the first contest comes."

"Oh, I get it," Michelle breathed. "It's so we don't hold back. We have to make them come as fast as we can so we can't cheat. Clever!"

"Yep," I confirmed. David had a bulge in his pants too, so I knew I had them.

"So, let me get this straight," Carl said. "First, we have to hold our nut as long as we can, and then almost immediately after, we have to come as fast as we can?"

I nodded. "That's right."

"Why can't we do it in the other order?"

I smiled as I lightly stroked his crotch. "What fun would that be?"

"And when Carl wins the come really fast contest, and we're tied at one each, what happens next?" David asked, his tone playful.

"Fuck you, Blackwell. If we split it, it'll be the other way around," Carl replied with a grin and a vicious middle finger.

I was getting squirmy from thinking about what we were going to be doing very soon now. It's a good thing it wasn't a contest between Michelle and me because I was going to be going off like a rocket the moment David touched me. 

"Then we go to dinner because the tie breaker is going to really test you, and I think you'll need a little time to recover. The final challenge is we fuck, and we keep fucking, until one of you can't get it up anymore."

I glanced between the three of them. "Nikki," David rumbled slowly after a moment's pause, "you're one kinky lady, but I like it."

"I'm in," Michelle said, her rising excitement clear in her voice.

"Yeah, I'm in too," Carl said.

If we didn't start soon, I might have an orgasm from just thinking about it. "Are we ready?" I asked, flooding already.

"Yeah," David said rising, "as soon as I get a drink of water. I have a feeling I'm going to need it."

Carl grinned as he rose with David. "Good idea. I think I'll have one too."

Michelle followed me to our bedroom. A couple of years ago, when Michelle and David wanted a new bed, they'd replaced their California King with an Alaskan King. Fully nine feet square, it was perfect for playing on. The first time we played together on their new bed, I knew we had to have one, so Carl and I had immediately ordered one for ourselves. 

Michelle and I were undressing when the men arrived in the bedroom. I was all but quivering in excitement as they slowly undressed, the four of us carefully hanging our clothes so they'd still be fresh after our showers. As we finished undressing, Michelle and I stood on opposite sides of the bed with our spouses, two brawlers in opposite corners getting ready for their match.

"You ready for this?" I murmured as I melted into Carl and kissed him lustily, trapping his stiff cock between our naked bodies. Normally I'd give his cock a loving stroke, but I refrained, doing nothing to give David any advantage. I wanted Carl to prove to David and Michelle what I already knew, that he was the better man.

"Fuck him up," he rumbled as our lips slowly parted, his fingers dragging lightly across an erect nipple, his touch exciting me and making me twitch.

I smiled as I gently touched his lips with a finger. "Fuck the shit out of her, you hear me? I want to hear her scream."

He smiled, cupping a breast in his hand before tweaking a nipple to make me gasp. "Count on it."

I stepped back and then knee walked to the center of the bed as David and Michelle kissed again, David's hand wadding in her hair as they devoured each other, his hips slowly thrusting as he slid his cock between them.

I had my game plan ready. I was going to start with a blowjob, move into a titty fuck because I knew David enjoyed that, and then if that still wasn't enough to make him come, I was going to ride him like a stolen horse. He wasn't going to stand a chance against me. 

When their kiss broke, I smiled at my future conquest, calling David to me by curling my finger as Carl and Michelle also made themselves comfortable. As Carl settled to his back, Michelle settled into position beside him, waiting for the cue to start. 

"Lie down," I ordered, and David complied. 

I positioned myself, looked at Michelle, and smiled. "You ready to lose, you sexy fucking bitch?" I found it amusing that she didn't mind me calling her a bitch, but it hurt her feelings if David or Carl did the same.

She smiled back at me. "Bring it, bitch!"

I decided that was as good a starting cue as anything, so I swallowed David's cock. As I fought to not gag on the cock in my mouth, I glanced at Michelle. She was taking a slightly different approach, laying on Carl as they locked up in a hot sixty-nine, his cock in her mouth as he ate her pussy. 

David and Carl were larger than average. Not scary huge, but plenty big enough to making swallowing them a real challenge for any woman that couldn't deep throat a baby elephant's trunk. It was impossible to tell which of them was larger without a tape measure, the primary difference between them the color of their skin and the fact was David was cut and Carl wasn't. I had plenty of practice on Carl, so if I focused, I could take David all the way. 

The problem was, Michelle gobbling my husband's cock, bubbling and slurping as she likewise struggled with his size, made it hard to concentrate. Watching the entire length of his big cock disappear between her lips, her full breasts mashed flat against his muscular stomach while her hips thrust against his face, his beefy arms wrapped around her legs to hold her in place, was proving to be unexpectedly distracting. 

"God... dammit, you cock-sucking bitch!" David snarled as he pushed my head down on his cock while thrusting up with his hips. I pulled my attention from Michelle and Carl and focused on my own task. 

For many long moments, the four of us engaged in erotic battle, our grunts, gasps, and moans of pleasure filling the room as Michelle and I tried to break our husband's control while the men fought to maintain it.

"Oh fuck, I'm coming, you're making me fucking come," Michelle murmured after a long struggle. I smiled around David's cock. That's why I didn't want him licking me. While Michelle was squirming in bliss, I was still hard at work.

"Fucking bitch!" David snarled as my tongue swirled and danced, my lips caressing his cock as I bobbed my head before taking him deep. 

When I couldn't hold my gag another moment, I threw myself back. "You like that?" I purred, moving slightly higher and wrapping his saliva slickened cock in the soft folds of my breasts. "You like my tits? You like how they feel wrapped around your big, hard, cock?" I cooed, trying to wind him up with my words. He growled low and deep in his chest as he began fucking my tits. "Yeah! Come on! Fuck my big tits!"
