 Michelle stepped out of our bedroom, dressed to impress in her classy, dark blue business suit. She'd paired the skirt and jacket with a brilliant white, button front blouse that she'd left open just enough to play peekaboo with her breasts, and the three-inch heels, the tallest she owned, completed the corporate look perfectly. With her hair pulled severely back, she looked powerful and sexy, like she could crush a man in the boardroom or bedroom.

"What do you think?" she asked, cocking a hip. "Do I look the part?"

I smiled. "Oh... yeah," I growled, my appreciation clear in my tone.

This was my weekend to pick the play. When it was my turn, I enjoyed setting up scenarios where we could become another person as we played a part. I came up with a proposal and then, during one of our weekly get togethers with Carl and Nikki, we'd talked it around, refining and developing the idea, until everyone was excited and happy with the setting and their role in it. I scripted our play only in the broadest strokes, permitting each of us to tailor our character to our own tastes, and allowing our play to flow naturally without us having to worry about following a script.

Over the years, the four of us had been everything from spies, to cowboys, to bikers. Today, Michelle and Nikki were going to be high-powered executives in town on business, powerful women who were accustomed to getting what they wanted, and what they wanted today was to celebrate after closing a major business deal that had netted them millions.

"You look like someone who can kick some serious ass," I said as my gaze returned to hers.

She smiled. "You're going to find out what I can do once Carl and Nikki get here."

A surge of need tickled my cock as I glanced at the clock on the microwave. "Fifteen or twenty more minutes."

"They need to hurry the fuck up," she growled with a teasing smile. "Doesn't that bitch know that time is money?"

I snickered. Michelle and Nikki were the kindest, most dedicated nursing professionals I could imagine, caring deeply about each person we transported. Only the most critically injured were airlifted, so not only did they pour their knowledge and expertise into helping a victim, sometimes, when they'd done all they could, they simply held their patient's hand while urging them to never give up and to fight for every breath and every heartbeat. I was convinced Nikki, my flight nurse, had saved more than one person by the sheer force of her will, and Carl said Michelle was the same.

Today, however, Michelle was becoming a different person. From the style of her hair to the hardness of her expression, she was wrapping herself in the I don't give a shit about anyone but myself persona of Michelle Blackwell, corporate raider. I smiled to myself. It's what made my play so much fun. I was a lucky son-of-a-bitch in that I often fucked two stunningly beautiful women, but today I was going to get to fuck a third, and perhaps even a fourth if Nikki lost herself in the role of Nicole Stewart, Michelle's partner and attack dog lawyer.

I settled into my chair and flipped on the television to the Diamondbacks game, waiting for Carl and Nikki to arrive, unable to fully wipe the smile from my lips as I remembered how I went from fucking one beautiful woman to two.

Carl and I are air ambulance pilots, flying medical helicopters in and around the greater Phoenix, Arizona, area, and our wives were part of our crews. Because the four of us worked so closely together, we'd bonded tight and started spending more and more time together, getting together on weekends to cookout, take in a Diamondbacks game, or just socialize. About eight years ago, the four of us took a vacation together, flying to the Bahamas for two weeks of fun in the sand, surf, and sun.

On the third night, while soaking in a hot tub after a few too many Bahama Mamas, Carl and Nikki got carried away and started fucking right in front of Michelle and me. My smile spread with the memory. Our inhibitions lowered by rum, and turned on by Nikki and Carl's sensual moans and erotic snarls, Michelle and I had started doing the wild thing ourselves. It had been hot as shit, the four of us splashing and groaning as our wives sat on our cocks and we fucked our way to orgasm.

The next morning everyone was rightly embarrassed, and more than a little hung over, but by the evening we were laughing about the encounter. I think all four of us thought the experience was a drunken, one-time thing, and it'd never happen again, but we were wrong.

Two nights later we'd had a repeat performance that was far more intense. The four of us were dancing on the beach, and even in the crowded beach bar, the feel of Michelle's swimsuit covered ass gyrating against my crotch made me seriously horny. Carl and Nikki were in even worse shape. They were damn near fucking right there on the dance floor, and watching Carl run his hands over his wife's lush, bikini clad body as they danced close, their crotches grinding together, only made my horniness worse. Michelle and I excused ourselves with the intention of returning to our room and fucking our brains out, but apparently Carl and Nikki decided they'd had enough and needed some relief as well.

We had adjoining rooms with a passthrough between them, doors we were leaving open except when we retired for the night. When Michelle and I entered our room, we were so overheated we ignored the doors and all but attacked each other, and we weren't the only ones. With the passthrough doors open, we could clearly hear Carl and Nikki going at it as hard in the next room as we were.

Listening to Carl and Nikki as they groaned and sighed, the slaps on their bodies, their cries as they gave and took pleasure, drove Michelle and me to fuck each other even harder, our own wails of passion and lust loud in the night. It was the most intense sexual experience of my life to that point, Michelle softly howling her way through her orgasm as Nikki did the same in the other room.

"I'm going to come," I growled, unable to hold against my climax any longer.

"No! Don't stop! Keep fucking me!" Michelle panted, working her hips on my cock.

I shook my head violently, fighting my pleasure, but I was lost. I snarled loudly as I spilled into my wife, the length of my cock burning with every hard pulse as I emptied an ocean of semen into her, and still she fucked me, squirming under me, panting and gasping as I burned in orgasmic fire.

"Mother-fuck!" Carl roared from the next room. "Your tight pussy is making me come, you fucking bitch!"

Nikki cried out, the sound of a woman deep in pleasure, the sound that stirred a man's soul and stiffened his cock. "Don't stop!" she begged. "Don't stop fucking me! Keep fucking me while I come all over that big fucking cock!"

Carl roared again as first Nikki and then Michelle added their sounds of pleasure to his. I had to see, my need to watch Carl burying his cock in his wife as undeniable as my need to draw a breath.

I heaved Michelle off the bed, lifting her into my arms and holding her by the ass with her legs draped over my arms as she steered my still rock-hard cock back inside her. I bellowed in erotic torture, the sensations of my cock's passage through her hot, tight, wetness causing me to thrust into her hard and deep.

I staggered to the opening between the rooms with her furiously riding my cock, her soft grunts of effort and the press of her breasts into my chest as she pleasured herself on my rod twisting me up. I stood in the door, fucking my wife as I watched Carl do the same to Nikki. As I slammed into her, Michelle moaned softly and twisted, clearly wanting to see Carl and Nikki fucking as well.

They were on the bed, Carl pinning Nikki's hands to the mattress above her head, her legs wrapped around his ass as he pounded into her hard and fast, their faces twisted into feral snarls of pleasure. It was the most erotic thing I'd never seen, Nikki's big tits pressed into his chest, and yet in constant jiggling motion from every pounding thrust.

"Oh, shit! I'm coming again!" Michelle wailed suddenly, bouncing and thrusting on my cock like a wild woman.

Carl and Nikki froze as Michelle's cry of pleasure alerted them to our presence, and I felt a chill of guilt as they stared at the invaders of their personal space. I stood, our gazes locked, Michelle riding my cock as she fought and bucked her way through another titanic orgasm. As Michelle sagged out of her climax, Nikki smiled and Carl began fucking her again, pounding his cock into her even harder. I relaxed, relieved I hadn't ruined our friendship while blinded with lust.

I slammed Michelle into the wall beside Carl and Nikki's bed and fucked her as hard and fast as I could, sweat pouring off my body, pounding into her until my strength began to fail and I worried I was going to drop her. As I stood, gasping for breath, pressing her into the wall as I strained to support her weight, Carl and Nikki rolled to the other side of their bed. Nikki mounted her husband, and as they fucked, Carl hissing and growling as he gently mauled her breasts, she watched us. It seemed like a clear invitation to me, so I peeled Michelle off the wall and dropped her on the bed.

I followed her down and rammed my cock into her with a snarl, again so consumed with lust I was beyond rational thought. For the next eternity, the four of us fucked furiously, side by side, tumbling and turning, gasping and grunting, our cries of pleasure and passion filling the room, until we collapsed in sweaty exhaustion. I came three times in the hour we fucked, and I was sure Carl came at least twice. We hadn't swapped partners, but watching Carl and Nikki fuck as Michelle and I did the same made the experience incredibly intense.

When we were too exhausted to continue, I lay tangled in the wadded, damp, linens, dripping sweat, and gasping for breath, my softening cock still inside Michelle as she faded into sleep on my chest. I glanced to Carl and Nikki, wanting nothing more than to sleep for a year. They appeared to be just as wiped out, Carl still between Nikki's legs but obviously spent as they kissed slow and deep. When my heaving chest had finally slowed to some semblance of normal, I'd quietly bundled Michelle into my arms and we returned to our room where we'd tumbled into bed and slept the sleep of the dead.

The doors between our rooms were never closed again, and three of the next five nights, the four of us shared a bed, fucking ourselves into oblivion before we separated and returned to our own rooms.

When we returned home, we talked about what happened. We agreed that had been the best vacation any of us had ever had, and not just because we'd experienced the greatest sex of our lives. Something had changed between us. I'd always liked and respected Carl, and Nikki's skill and dedication had impressed the hell out of me, but sharing something so special, so personal, had deepened our friendship even more.

The first two months after we returned from the Bahamas, we were getting together every weekend to engage in a frenzy of fucking, but we soon realized we were spoiling the specialness of what we had. By sharing our passion weekly, it was starting to become routine, and none of us wanted to lose the intensity of our times together.

We continued to meet nearly every weekend, as we had before, but through trial and error, we discovered that limiting the fucking to once a month was ideal. The schedule allowed us to regularly enjoy the relationship, but it was infrequent enough that each time was special. It certainly worked for Michelle and me. As the last Saturday of each month approached, our fucking became more and more passionate as our anticipation built, and in weeks following, the fucking was equally intense as we relived the experience.

I smiled to myself. Basically, the second Wednesday of the month was the only time our sex wasn't mind blowing, and it was all because Carl couldn't keep his cock out of his wife one drunken night in a hot tub, two thousand miles from home.

I had a raging hard on when the doorbell rang, pulling me back to the here and now. With a grimace, I stood and adjusted myself. I was forty fucking years old, and here I was sporting a boner like a sixteen-year-old. I shouldn't have been thinking about fucking Michelle and Nikki when I knew the Stewarts were on their way, though in my defense, dreaming of fucking those two would give the Pope a stiffy.

"Come in," I said as I opened the door wide and stepped back in invitation.

"Hey, guys!" Michelle called as she approached.

Carlton and Nicole Stewart entered the room. Carl was wearing tight black jeans that accentuated his manly assets, a white fitted shirt that strained to contain his chest, and a pale blue blazer to kick the look up a notch. It was similar to my own dress, though I'd substituted a medium blue Polo for the t-shirt, and my sport coat was a light sandy tan.

I took Carl's hand in a firm handshake as we pulled each other together, bumping our shoulders before slapping each other on the back while Michelle and Nikki hugged. Carl was the only bro I felt comfortable enough to man hug, and I suspected he felt the same way. Apparently burying our cocks in each other's wives had drawn us closer than most.

I released Carl and turned to Nikki, pulling her into a hug as Michelle turned her attention to Carl. Nikki was dressed much like Michelle, her light grey suit and white blouse against her smooth, Caribbean, skin a stunning combination of power and sex. While both women were slightly taller than average, Michelle was the taller of the two, but Nikki's higher heels brought them to nearly the same height. Like Michelle, Nikki had pulled her jet-black hair back into a tight braid, a look that gave an edge to her beautiful face. With her glowing, flawless skin, huge dark eyes, and full lips that begged to be kissed, Nikki was an ocean goddess that made men's hearts beat faster and their cocks swell.

Both women were incredibly sexy, with full breasts, flat stomachs, and asses that wouldn't quit connected to long legs that went all the way to the ground. If someone were to place a gun to my head and forced me choose, I'd grudgingly say that Michelle maybe had slightly better tits and Nikki might have a little better ass, but Carl and I agreed the differences between them was meaningless, and there wasn't a man alive that wouldn't give his left nut to fuck either of them.

"Come in and sit down," Michelle invited as our hugs dissolved. "Can I get anyone anything?"

"I think we're good," Carl said as we made ourselves comfortable.

We settled into our comfortable leather furniture. For the next ninety minutes we talked about the D'backs and how it appeared they were going to suck again this year, Carl's pucker inducing set down in high winds on nearby Piestewa Peak while rescuing a badly injured hiker, and Nikki threatening to kick a doctor's ass when he was fucking around with one of her patients instead of getting the woman out of the chopper and on her way to surgery to stop her internal bleeding.

The doctor in question was a known dickwad, and Michelle was snickering at Nikki's tale, having dealt with him herself. When Nikki finished with a self-satisfied grin, Michelle smiled at her like a wolf.

"Good! He deserved it, and I'd done the same."

"Yeah," Nikki replied. "I finally had enough of his shit."

"So, Ms. Stewart, you ready to go close this deal?" Michelle asked during a brief lull in the conversation, the sexual tension in the room so thick it hung like a fog.

"Right behind you, Ms. Blackwell."

"I guess that's our cue," Carl said, rising.

"I guess so," I agreed, rising to my feet with him.

Michelle and Nikki stood and tugged their suits, smoothing the fabric over their forms. "Let's go do this thing," Michelle said before turning on her toe and marching down the hall and into our bedroom, Nikki right behind her. The door clicked shut.

Carl and I glanced at each other. "You ready for this, brother?" Carl asked.

I grinned. "I hope. Michelle has been working herself up for this all week. You should have seen her. A couple of times this week she pulled a 'don't fuck with me' attitude that was so unlike her. When she was playing the bitch, I couldn't decide if I wanted to slap the shit out of her, or fuck the shit out of her."

"Yeah, Nikki too," Carl replied with a grin of his own. "Once she decided she was going to be a corporate bitch lawyer, she's been practicing her man eater attitude. I have to tell you, a couple of times I had to remind myself she was just playing because she was starting to piss me off."

"Oh?"

He nodded. "Yeah, with her smart mouth. If she starts that shit today, I'm going to stick my cock in it to shut her up."

I chuckled. "I didn't have to deal with anything like that, but Michelle can definitely pull off the resting bitch face look when she wants to. Just looking at her you could tell she was daring me to fuck with her."

"Did you?"

I chuckled. "Yeah."

"And?"

"And," I said slowly, drawing the word out, "the tile on the bathroom floor is cold. And hard."

"Doesn't sound like the tile was the only thing that was hard," Carl grinned, nudging me in the ribs.

I snickered. "No, but it sucked the next morning."

"Was that why Michelle was hobbling around the other day?"

I nodded with another chuckle. "Yeah, and she wasn't the only one. My fucking knees and back were killing me the next day." I paused. "It was worth it though, and we worked out the rest of the stiffness that night."

He chuckled, using imaginary drumsticks as he mouthed off a rimshot. "We're getting too fucking old to be fucking on the hard fucking floor."

I sniffed out a brief laugh. "Amen to that, brother!" I glanced in the direction of our bedroom. "You suppose we've given them enough time?"

"One way to find out," he said before he began deep breathing, puffing like he was pumping himself up for an arduous endeavor, his antics making me snicker again.

I assumed a strutting attitude as Carl did the same. We were the two highest paid male escorts in town, and we were known for being able to satisfy any woman, anytime, anywhere. These bitches were a big score and they were paying top dollar for our time and services. We swaggered up to the bedroom door and Carl rapped solidly.

After a moment the door opened. "Yes?" a porn star in a grey suit asked, standing in the door.

I glanced past her, peering deeper into the suite. Another sexy fucking bitch stood inside, her arms crossed over her ample breasts, a small smirk on her face. "We heard there was a party," I said.

The bitch at the door looked us over for a long moment before she stepped back and opened the door wide. Carl and I stepped in and she closed the door behind us.

"Let's see the money," Carl said.

"We're good for it," the bitch in blue said.

"Not until we see it, you're not," I replied.

"You're not cops, are you?" the woman that opened the door asked.

I grinned. "Do we look like fucking cops?"

The two women looked us over again. "No, no you don't," grey bitch said.

"Besides, we asked about the money, so even if we were, it'd be entrapment," Carl explained.

"Fifteen hundred an hour?" the woman in blue asked.

"That's right. Each," I said, making sure there was no misunderstanding.

"I'm not sure you're worth that."

"Fine. We can go somewhere else," Carl said, "or you can pay the money and find out we're worth it yourself."

The two women glanced at each other. "What the hell?" grey bitch said. "We just closed a ninety-million-dollar deal. I think we can afford it."

The chick in blue looked us over again. "Yeah, fuck it! Why not? You only live once, right?"
