 Sophie lost. Again.

She had already lost all of her clothes and was now playing for forfeits. As the wine flowed the forfeits became more daring. Her first forfeit had just been a kiss. She stood, naked and splendid, as Steve, the winner held her in his arms and kissed her on the lips. Even though the kiss was short lived she could feel the bulge in his trousers pressing into her belly.

When she lost again it was to another girl, Zoë. Zoë was already topless, and the same forfeit was asked. Sophie was not so sure about this, but, she though, a kiss is just a kiss. However as the two girls embraced, Sophie found the sensation of Zoë's bare breasts rubbing against her own more erotic than she had expected. Sophie's nipples responded and she held the girl a little longer than she had been expected too. This did not go unnoticed by the four others watching. As their two tongues twisted about each other any reservations that Sophie may have had about this lesbian kiss disappeared. Crushed together the two girls began to massage each others bottoms. They only stopped when they had to come up for air.

As another bottle of wine came and went more clothing was lost until there was only one shirt between the six of them. Somebody suggested that the next looser should wear a blindfold for their forfeit and this was agreed on. Sophie was almost disappointed not to lose. Instead it was Nick, one of the men. He was instructed to stand still and to keep his hands to himself. Sophie and the two other girls rubbed their bodies against him but he was not allowed to move. Blindfolded he had no way of knowing whose breasts were squashed against his chest, who was standing behind him, hands gently caressing his shoulders and arm. Nor could he know whose hair was being used to tease his rampant cock. To honour his forfeit he stood there being teased, still but for the twitching of his cock as the feather light touch of hair brushed over him.

After the next round it was Angel blindfolded and lying on the floor. Again the condition of the forfeit was not to move. As she lay there she felt hands caressing her body. She gave up wondering whose they were and relaxed into the sensations. She was sure that there were more hands on her than could be accounted for by the three men in the room. She was enjoying having her breasts caressed and her nipples gently pinched until she was sure that they were standing proud and inviting. As the hands moved down, over her belly, she felt lips close about one of her nipples. It was only moments later that she registered the feeling of hair across her breasts and she realised that it was one of the other girls that was now running her tongue over her throbbing nipple. Both of the other girls had long hair so there was no way to know whose tongue was sending the little shocks of pleasure through her.

The next forfeit was given to Nick. Again blindfolded he was instructed to lie on his belly. He was a little relieved to find that, after some shuffling sounds the smell of a woman's cunt appeared, quite literally under his nose. As he buried his face between her legs he had no idea that it was Sophie's pussy that he was paying such intimate attention too. At first he just kissed gently. The he began to explore with his tongue. He opened her outer lips and moved up until he found her clitoris, already protruding from its hood. As he leisurely ran his tongue over it Sophie let out a soft moan and was promptly shushed by the others. By these sounds he guessed who he was licking and he was well pleased. He had fancied Sophie from the first time that he had met her but had never imagined that he would get an opportunity like this. He lapped at her clit until she began to tremble. Then he moved down, seeking and finding her wet hole. As he worked his tongue inside her he could feel her move slightly. In his minds eye he could see her arching her back and then relaxing. He felt her raise her legs, opening them wider to allow him to send his tongue flicking in and out of her now sopping cunt.

And then she was gone and the blindfold was off. Even in the dim light he could see that Sophie was breathing heavily and he was sure that he had guessed right.

And the game went on. And Sophie lost. She was blindfolded and helped to kneel. It came as little surprise to her when she felt the velvet end of somebody's cock brush against her lips. Instead of opening her mouth she sent the tip of her tongue out to explore. As everybody else watched she slowly licked the purple knob, making it twitch and pulsate. She reached up and cupped the man's balls, massaging them gently as she licked the cock that was now urging forward. She relented, opened her lips and slowly took him into her mouth. She could feel the velvety texture of the end of his cock as it rubbed against the roof of her mouth, and the taste of the pre-cum fluid as it began to ooze from him. He began to sway his hips back and forth, fucking the mouth that was now sucking his cock. As his movements became more vigorous Sophie felt her head held in place. Somebody was behind her, helping to steady her whilst her mouth was penetrated by this unknown cock. She felt the change in his movements that signalled that he was about to come. As he withdrew the next time she grabbed his cock in her hand and squeezed hard. The game was not yet over and it was time for another round.

Angel lost again and was dully blindfolded. She was positioned on her hands and knees. She must have been expecting one of the men to fuck her from behind as she pushed her arse up expectantly. But from somewhere a strap-on dildo had been retrieved and Zoë, who had earlier kissed Sophie so passionately, took in onto herself. She knelt behind the blindfolded Angel and simply rammed it home. The girl whose cunt was now filled with the dildo gave a gasp, possibly pain or more probably pleasure. She had obviously not expected the forceful fucking that she was now receiving. The others moved closer and began to caress both of the girls. Sophie reached under Angel, who was on the receiving end of the dildo and cupped one of her swaying breasts. She squeezed and rubbed. She pinched Angel's already erect nipple, realising for the first time how good it must have felt for the men who had in the past done the same to her. She could feel Angels breathing suddenly become more and more rapid until with a loud moan of pleasure she orgasmed and collapsed to the floor still rocking gently. Zoë, who had been administering the dildo removed it, reached between her own legs and inserted a finger into herself. As she withdrew everybody could see it shining with her own juices which she calmly and most erotically licked off.

At last it was John's turn to lose. Blindfolded he was laid on the floor face down. Perhaps he expected a repeat performance of the previous forfeit and was looking forward to a juicy pussy to get his tongue into. But it was not to be. Instead he found that his back was being slowly rubbed from the neck down, over his spine. He wondered whose hands they were that were now caressing the cheeks of his arse. Too late he realised what was about to happen.

His buttocks were parted and the dildo, still gleaming from Angel's juices was positioned so that it could be slowly pushed into him. He had never experienced this penetration before and was surprised that after the discomfort of its entry it actually felt good to have a cock inside him. The others took it in turns to fuck him with the dildo. Slowly and gently, or hard and fast, as their fancy took them. He was amazed at his own response. He was really enjoying being fucked up the arse. If it had gone on much longer his cock would have erupted of its own accord. However, once they had all had a go, the dildo was finally withdrawn and discarded. He lay there for a few moments recovering even after the blindfold had been removed.

Sophie lost. And this time there was no getting away with it, she was going to get fucked. She was blindfolded standing up. She could hear the shuffling as another body was got into the right position. When one of her legs was moved she quickly worked out that she was now standing with her legs either side of the hips of one of the men. As she was helped to kneel she could imagine the cock beneath her, coming closer, straining upwards, waiting to be engulfed in her precious cunt.

She felt him. The tip of his cock first made contact just between her cunt and her arse. And she hesitated, unsure of herself. So far none of the girls had actually been fucked by a man and she was not sure if she wanted to be the first. She had never fucked with anybody else just watching before.

To cover her confusion she said "How about another round, all or nothing?"

There were a few moments of whispering. She knelt there, feeling the cock waiting beneath her, twitching slightly. To her amazement it was agreed. This was to be the last round of the evening and Sophie would either win a reprieve or submit to all.

Sophie lost. Again.

This time there would be no blindfold and anything went. Sophie was obliged to do anything that was asked of her and to have done to her anything that any of the others pleased. She felt no option but to agree. And with her agreement found that she experienced a sense of relief and abandonment. She was going to be the whore for all of the others and she went willingly.

Of her own accord she lay on her back, opened her legs and waited with closed eyes. Nick was there first. He had already had his tongue in Sophie's cunt and he keen to follow it with his cock. As Sophie felt him positioning himself between her legs she made up her mind to keep her eyes closed, but she opened her legs wide for him.

It was the work of a moment for Nick to ensure that his cock was at the entrance to Sophie's cunt. He pushed into her gently, making sure that she was ready for him. When he found that she was as slippery as he had hoped he push forward and sank his cock into her up to the hilt.

As her cunt was filled Sophie involuntarily opened her eyes in shock, Nick's was by far the biggest cock that she had ever taken. It felt like her cunt was stretched to the limit, as indeed it was. Shock turned to delight and Nick could read her reaction in her face. He withdrew slowly, almost leaving her, paused for a moment and then, just as slowly pushed forward again.

Nick had been fantasying about fucking Sophie for a long time and he was determined to make it last. He took up a rhythm that he felt he could maintain. Each time he slid deeper into her he could feel her cunt stretching to accommodate him. And each time he drew back Sophie raised her hips desperate to recapture him again.

The others watched for a while before deciding what to do with themselves. Steve decided to get in on the action. He came and knelt behind Sophie's head. He had noticed that each time Sophie arched her back to recapture Nick's cock she put her head back with her mouth open. Steve took this as an invitation and the next time that she did it he pushed the end of his cock into her mouth. Sophie had seen him coming and was ready for him. She felt the velvet end of his cock rub along the top of her mouth. She closed her lips around his shaft and sucked gently.

It took several moments before the three of them got the rhythm right. As Nick's cock thrust into her cunt she let Steve's cock almost slide out of her mouth. And as Nick withdrew she sucked Steve back in. The pace of the fucking and sucking was slow and easy as all three of the relished the glorious sensations.

The two men were lost in the pleasures of Sophie's body and it was only a small part of her mind that wondered what the other three were up to. She glanced in their direction.

Zoë and Angel were in a 69 position. Angel lying on the floor with Zoë kneeling over her, Zoë's head between Angel's splayed legs. John watched for a while as the two girls explored each others cunts with fingers and tongues. Then he knelt down beside Zoë. As he watched, Zoë reached around Angel's legs and used both hands to slowly open her cunt lips. John could see Angel's clitoris, just standing proud of it's hood, already shining with her juices. Zoë bent her head and her tongue snaked out to tease Angel's clit. As she did so she worked one finger from each hand into Angel's cunt and began frigging her. When Zoë was sure that Angel was ready the two fingers became four. She prised Angels cunt apart and lowered her head. John lost sight of the action behind Zoë's hair but he was sure from the slurping noises at one end and Angel's moans at the other that both girls were more than happy.

When Zoë finally came up for air her face was covered in Angel's juices. Zoë turned her head and kissed John. As their lips met and their tongues intertwined John could taste Angel as well as see her cunt, wide open, her juicy lips swollen and red. It was more than he could bear; he had to sink his cock into one of them. Angel was groaning for more of Zoë's attention. She reached out for Zoë's head and drew it back between her legs. With that hole accounted for John had to move back and kneel behind Zoë before he found a cunt that was available for him to fuck.

Despite the action between her legs Angel was conscious of John's cock positioning itself, ready to thrust into Zoë's cunt, only inches in front of her face. She reached up and took a hold of his shaft. She did not allow him to enter Zoë. Instead she held him and rubbed the end of his cock between Zoë's cunt lips, using him as she often used a vibrator on herself. She made him throb on Zoë's clitoris, holding him there rubbing gently, until the juices flowing from Zoë's cunt proved that she was ready to receive him. Finally Angel relented and fed John's cock into Zoë. She watched, torn between the wonderful feelings that Zoë's tongue between her legs was giving her and the voyeuristic thrill of seeing John's cock sliding into Zoë's cunt.

Angel was distracted for only a moment by the noises coming from across the room. 

Nick was now supporting himself on outstretched arms as he pounded into Sophie. He was looking down, watching her tits bounce every time he rammed his cock up her tight cunt. Steve was reaching for them, trying to balance himself as his cock was taken deep into Sophie's throat. It was clear that both men were near to cuming. Sophie had long since abandoned herself to the orgasms that were rolling through her body. She ceased to care who was doing what to her. Her cunt was full of cock, her mouth was full of cock and she was loving every moment.

Through her orgasmic haze she sensed that Nick was about to cum. She pulled her knees up to her shoulders to allow him to penetrate her as deeply as possible. This pushed Nick over the edge. He fucked her franticly for a few moments and then rammed himself home with an animal roar. She felt him cum, his huge cock pulsing inside her. She met his orgasm with another of her own.

Steve was still in Sophie's mouth. Although he was ready to cum as well he was desperately putting it off as long as he could. He remembered her last gamble, all or nothing, and he was determined to have it all.

He pulled himself out of her mouth and lay down beside them. Sophie's legs were now back down but Nick was still laying on top of her. He seemed reluctant or incapable of moving. Steve simply put both hands beneath Sophie's body and flipped the pair of the over. He had been expecting that Nick would roll off. But no, they just ended up with Nick on his back and Sophie lying face down on top of him. Despite his orgasm Nick's cock was still buried in Sophie's cunt and showed no sign of going anywhere else.

That left only one option. Steve gently parted Sophie's legs a little wider and exposed the rosebud opening of her arse.

On the other side of the room John had found a novel approach. He was still on his knees behind Zoë and above Angels head. With Angel's assistance he had discovered that he could fuck Zoë for a while and then, with minimal movement of his hips, stick his cock into Angel's willing mouth. As Zoë had her tongue up Angel's cunt they all seemed happy with this arrangement. The only thing that was bothering John was deciding where he was going to shoot his cum. And he was going to have to decide soon.

In the end John went for the double. He rammed his cock deep into Zoë's cunt and felt the first throb of his spunk explode into her. Franticly he withdrew and angled his cock so that Angel could get a mouth full as well. She missed the first pulse which flew between the girls bodies and landed on her tits. But John was still cuming by the time that she got him into her mouth. Such was the end of John's adventures for the evening. He collapsed backwards and ended up sitting with his back on the sofa.

Angel felt that she had had more of John's spunk than her share. And so with a twist she got out from under Zoë and turned around. As John sat slumped against the sofa he was treated to watching Angel and Zoë kissing deeply, sharing his sacrifice between them. He noted the splash of his cum that had landed on Angel's tits being rubbed into their bodies as the two girls hugged together.

Sophie felt Steve's cock touch her anus. She might have resisted but she didn't. She had been royally fucked, indeed she was still using her cunt muscles to hang on to Nick's cock. And she had promised all or nothing. As Steve gently pushed his way in she was surprised at how good it felt. And as he fucked her up the arse she was delighted to feel yet another orgasm roll through her body.

Steve could not hold out any longer. As he felt Sophie stiffen and tighten in orgasm he finally came. He pushed himself inside her as far as he could go. He felt himself go rigid and the ecstasy of pumping his hot spunk deep into Sophie's lovely arse.

As Sophie lay there with a man's cock filling her cunt and another filling her arse she though... "Sometimes losing is not so bad."