 "Nice, Nikki murmured as our kiss slowly dissolved.

"Very," I agreed.

"I'm so looking forward to watching you get fucked," she whispered, her lips so close to mine that I could feel the tickle of her breath.

"I can say the same about you."

She stepped out of my arms, the faintest of smiles tickling her lips. "Did you find the poker chips?"

I snapped my fingers in remembrance. "No. I need to look for them again."

"We could always do ro-sham-bo or something."

I grinned. "We may have to if I can't find the damn chips. Why aren't they in the entertainment center with the rest of the stuff?"

She shrugged. "Beats me. You were the last one to have them, when you loaned them to Greg. Did you get them back?"

"I thought so, but now I'm starting to wonder," I muttered as I crossed the room to the wall unit that housed our television, stereo, a few books, and all the other shit we didn't know where to put. Shit like our playing cards and poker chips. I opened the top right door, my lips thinning in annoyance. The cards were there, along with shot glasses, a half-empty bottle of Jack Daniels Old No. 7, some glow in the dark body paints that we'd only used once, and the Couplicious board game that we hadn't played in years. We'd played the game a few times when we'd first started swapping partners with the Blackwells, but we were well past needing any help to break the ice now.

I closed the door and began looking through the other drawers and doors. Nothing. I shut the last door and glanced around in annoyance, wondering where in the hell I'd put the caddy of chips. I next looked in our bedroom, the kitchen, and the junk closet in one of our spare bedrooms. Still nothing. I checked my watch. Michelle and David would be here in ten or fifteen minutes. If I hadn't found the chips by then, I'd write a bunch of numbers on little slips of paper and put them in a hat or something. Or, we could ro-sham-bo it.

"Carl! Will you bring the comforter?" Nikki called from our bedroom.

"Yeah!" I answered from our second spare bedroom as I looked in dresser drawers.

In annoyance, I slammed the last drawer and walked to the hall linen closet, opened the door, and reached for the play comforter. We'd learned long ago, after a play session that stained our regular comforter so badly we had to replace it, to swap out our nice down comforter for this easy to clean, white one. Comforters for our bed weren't cheap, so replacing it every other month wasn't an option. With this comforter, after our play, we could toss it into the washer just like our sheets, add a healthy splash of bleach, and it was good to go for the next time. Rolling around on a sex soaked and stained bed was only fun when the stains were being created. After that, it was disgusting.

As I pulled the comforter down, I heard a suspicious rattle, but with my hands full, I couldn't investigate further. "Here," I said as I entered our room and tossed the comforter onto our bed. Nikki and I had put on fresh linens this morning, wanting everything to be fresh and clean for our play.

"Aren't you going to help?" she asked when I turned away as she began pulling back the regular comforter.

I hesitated and then turned back. "Yeah." I could check on the rattle after I assisted her.

I helped her remove the top covering and then spread the play comforter in its place. At fully nine feet square, our bed was far easier to make with two people. She was smoothing out the last few wrinkles when the doorbell rang.

"Can you get that? I need to check something," I asked.

I returned to the hall closet and shoved at the piles of fabric, listening for the sound. When I heard the rattle again, I reached for the spot where the noise seemed to emanate, feeling for the chip caddy. I smiled as my hand touched a felt bag with something hard in it. I dragged the bag to me, my smile spreading in triumph. I'd found what I was looking for, but I had no idea why, or when, I'd put the bag of chips where I had.

I walked into the family room as Nikki was hugging David. I placed the bag on the entertainment center in passing before pulling Michelle into a warm hug. "Good to see you guys," I said as I released her and took David's hand, pulling him into a back-pounding hug. David was the only guy I'd let hug me because he was closer to a brother than a friend.

I left the bag where I'd placed it as we settled in the great room. Nikki and I took our normal place on the loveseat as Michelle and David took the two chairs. Like always, David and Michelle were stylishly dressed. David was wearing a dapper sport coat and dress slacks, and Michelle was wearing a sleeveless deep red dress that showed off her curves beautifully, without being slutty or tacky.

David and Michelle made an attractive couple. I wasn't a good judge of male beauty, but Nikki said he was a stone-cold honey, with strawberry blond hair and his, as she called it, 'banging body.' David had never been fat, but not long after we started fucking together, he began working out, and Nikki had noticed as he trimmed down and muscled up. That had prompted me to start whipping my sorry ass into shape as well. Now I was in the best shape of my life, and Nikki had noticed that too.

David had the body of an Olympic swimmer, lean and muscular without being huge, his abs, legs, arms, and chest well cut and defined. Where David was trim, I was a little bulkier. My arms, legs, and chest were a little bigger, if not quite as sharply defined, and my abs didn't pop quite as much as David's when he tightened up. David was about an inch taller than my own near six foot, but I didn't care about that. There was nothing I could do about the height difference, but I made sure I worked out hard enough to ensure I stayed a little bigger and stronger than he was. Nikki rewarded me well for my efforts, and it also didn't hurt that, though we'd never measured, I was pretty sure my cock was bigger.

While I might not be a good judge of male beauty, I could say without fear of contradiction that Michelle was stunning. She was a little taller than Nikki, but like my wife, she was built for fucking. With full breasts and a shapely ass, there wasn't a man alive that wouldn't want to get into her pants. With sandy blonde hair, beautiful brown eyes, and lips that were perfect for sucking a man dry, she was the stuff men dreamed of. More than her beautiful face and porn star body, she was a good person, caring and dedicated to helping others, and I was honored to have her as my flight nurse. She and Nikki were the best flight nurses in the business. They were absolutely fearless and had never called an abort. The women placed their lives in mine and David's hands without question or reservation every time we went up, trusting us to keep them safe so they could focus on saving a life. David was one lucky bastard to have won the love of such a woman, and I was an even luckier son-of-a-bitch that he was willing share her with me.

We were in the teeth of summer, the blistering Arizona heat dominating our conversation. I enjoyed it here, despite the heat, with a job I loved, friends that I cared deeply about, and the desert's harsh beauty just beyond my backyard. It might be one hundred five degrees outside today, but I'd take the one hundred five degree dry heat of Phoenix over the ninety degree humid heat of Atlanta every day of the week.

We talked and laughed for almost an hour as we swapped stories and compared notes. Finally, I couldn't take the building tension any longer.

"Who's ready?"

Nobody said anything, but their smiles spoke of their willingness. Last month, when David and I were banging the shit out of Michelle and Nikki as the women played hard fucking man eaters, Nikki and I had watched David giving Michelle the hard one for ten or fifteen minutes. It had been hot as fuck, listening to them moan as they tried to fuck each other into submission. What had made it hotter still was Nikki and me cheering them on as they did.

That had started me thinking. I'd seen David burying his cock in my wife plenty of times, but I'd never actually watched him do it. We had a lot of little, unspoken rules that kept our play safe and fun, but there was one hard and fast rule that couldn't be broken, ignored, or modified. When we played together, we played together. We all agreed that we couldn't fuck the other person's spouse without their permission and a spouse could withdraw their permission at any time, even in the middle of play, and most importantly of all, all the spouses had to be present during the play. I couldn't fuck Michelle, even she wanted me to, if David wasn't there to give his permission, and I also couldn't take Michelle into another room to fuck her in private, even if David was already occupied banging the shit out of Nikki. In short, when we played, it was all four of us, in the same room, fucking at the same time, with no exceptions.

Tacit approval was assumed when we were in our hot and sweaty tumbles that any cock could go into any pussy at any time, but even last month, David had pulled Michelle away from me for himself. I was fine with that because I'd done the same with Nikki in the past, and the woman had claimed their men for themselves on occasion as well. It was a system that had worked for six years, but today, we were going to push the boundaries of those rules.

I wanted to watch Nikki get fucked. I wanted to watch her eyes roll back in her head in exquisite agony as David made her come, to hear her moans and gasps as David's big cock filled her pussy, and I wanted to do it without the distraction of Michelle twisting me up with pleasure. When I'd first mentioned the idea, I could see the hesitation in the other three, but after we talked it around a bit, we agreed that my request fell within the 'prime directive,' as David dubbed it at the time. Michelle and I would be in the room, and there had been plenty of times in the past when someone, or two someones, had tapped out, leaving the other two or three to play, and we all agreed long ago that was okay.

After we decided we were okay with my idea, the other three were quickly on board. When we got together to play, the sex was always incredibly intense and energetic, our passions feeding off each other and driving us to fuck harder and longer than we did when we were fucking our spouses alone in our beds. When Nikki and I fucked, it was a ten out of ten, but when Nikki and I fucked with David and Michelle, it was a twenty-five out of ten, and the Blackwells said it was the same with them. I wanted to see Nikki get fucked like that, Michelle wanted to see the same with David, and Nikki and David both wanted to see their spouses gasping and moaning in the throes of passion as well. Each of us wanted to see, and appreciate, the spectacle and beauty of a man and woman giving and taking pleasure at the most basic, raw, and primitive level.

The only question had been, who went first? Michelle and I wanted to see David and Nikki fuck first, where David and Nikki wanted Michelle and me to go first. Which brought us to the poker chips. With David's help, I dumped the chips from the caddy into the felt bag and rocked the bag back and forth to give them a good stir. We were going to take turns, each of us drawing a chip, until each of us had drawn five chips from the bag. David and Nikki would sum their chips, Michelle and I would do the same, and the highest total went first. We'd decided on drawing five chips each to escalate the tension and prevent one bad draw from ending the game.

I held the bag out and Nikki drew first. The chips were in denominations of one, five, twenty-five, and one hundred, or when I played poker, nickels, quarters, and dollars, leaving the pennies in the caddy. I smiled as she drew a black one hundred. It was still early, but that chips hurt David and Nikki's chances of Michelle and I going first.

"Shit," Nikki muttered.

Michelle went next, pulling a yellow twenty-five from the bag and smiling as she held it up for everyone to see.

David was next, a green one appearing in his hand. "Yes!" he hissed.

I was last, pulling out yellow twenty-five.

Nikki added a blue five, David another green one, the lucky bastard, Michelle another yellow twenty-five, and I drew a fucking black one hundred.

We drew again, and then again, the competition heating up. After four rounds, Michelle and I were twenty-three points ahead of David and Nikki. I gave the bag another shake before I held it out to Nikki. My cock was so fucking hard I was afraid it was going to split my pants, and a wet spot was appearing on the front of David's light tan pants. Considering that all four of us were going to get fucked, eventually, I wasn't sure the results of this mattered much, but goddamn was it exciting.

"Yes!" Nikki cheered, a blue five chip in her hand.

Nikki beamed at Michelle as Michelle reached into the bag, stirring the chips before pulling out a blue five. She said nothing, grinning like Cheshire cat as she slowly spun the little piece of plastic between her fingers and showed it around. Nikki and Michelle's draws were a wash.

"It's up to you, David," Nikki breathed. "I never thought I'd say this, but I hope you whip out something small."

It took a moment before we had our composure back and I held the bag out to him. "If I draw a one or five, you're fucked... no pun intended." He smiled at Michelle, holding her gaze as he reached into the bag. He pulled out a yellow twenty-five. "Dammit." A one or five would have finished us, and a hundred would have, likely, finished them. The damned yellow chip kept us in the game but made Michelle and me winning an unlikely proposition. "You're still in it... barely," he said with a playful smirk.

"Shit," I muttered. They were two points ahead. Unless I drew a one, Michelle and I were fucking first. I bounced the bag in my hand and then reached in, grabbed the first chip I touched and pulled it out. I kept it in my closed fist for a moment before opening it. Inside lay a green one. "Yes!" I cheered, holding the chip up for everyone to see and then pressing the back of my right hand to my forehead while my first finger and thumb formed an L shape. "Loser!"

"Fuck you, Stewart, you lucky son-of-a-bitch," David growled with a smile.

We dumped the chips back in the back and I placed them beside the unused caddy. I'd put them away later. Right now there was fucking to be done. Michelle and David followed us into the bedroom where we began to undress. There was no role playing today, and everyone was ready to get down to business, the competition of drawing the chips setting us on edge. David was certainly ready, his big cock erect and weeping sparkling tendrils that glistened like dewy spider silk. I pulled Nikki into a lusty kiss as Michelle did the same to David. She stroked my cock with a slowly swipe from tip to base, spreading my wetness down my shaft. As she slowly stepped back from the kiss, she smiled at me, her eyes eager as she slowly licked her lips.

"Blackwell!" I barked, pausing until and David and Michelle's lips slowly parted and he looked at me. "I want you to fuck her until she screams."

He glanced at Nikki as she crawled into the bed and waited on her knees for him to join her, his gaze quickly coming back to mine as he smiled. "Count on it."

"Fuck the shit out of him, you hear me?" Michelle purred. "I want to hear him scream."

Nikki smiled, her gaze on David as he crawled into the bed with her. Michelle and I were going to give them the entire bed to play in. "Oh yeah," she cooed. "I'm going to wear his fucking ass out!"

They knee walked to the center of the bed, and then got to it. Since Nikki wouldn't kiss him, there was no preamble or seduction. They lunged at each other like fighters, the two of them wrapping each other up as they twisted and fell to the bed. The moment they were still, Nikki turned and swallowed David as he hauled her hips over his head and pulled her pussy to his mouth. Michelle and I slowly walked up and down the length of the bed so we could see the action from different angles as they pleasured each other, the only sound the slurps and smacks of lips and tongues on flesh.

Nikki was working David over without mercy, shoving his cock down her throat until there was nothing left to take, holding him there before drawing back and subjecting the head to a vicious tongue lashing as she gripped his cock and balls tightly and twisted her hand on his shaft. David groaned, a long, loud, deep moan of erotic anguish, but he wasn't out of it. I stepped past Michelle to watch David's lips snap and pull at Nikki's pussy before his tongue began flicking her button. He moaned again, his face twisting, his eyes crushing closed, before he rallied by a jamming two fingers into Nikki's tunnel.

"Oh, fuck," Nikki gasped, as David rapidly pistoned his fingers into her while licking the petals of her flower.

I wanted to stroke my cock, the need almost overwhelming, but I knew if I started stopping would be impossible, and I didn't want to waste a load by jacking-off.

"Make her come," I growled, unable to stay silent.

David groaned again, a deep, painful sounding moan of anguish. Having had Nikki suck me like that, I knew what he was going through.

"Fuck! She's going to make me come!" he snarled before crying out his pleasure again.

"Suck that big fat cock! Suck it and make him come!" Michelle demanded from the other side of the bed.

"Eat that fucking pussy and make her come all over the fucking place."

All four of us were vocal fucks. It hadn't started out that way, but over time we'd become more and more verbose during our fucking, using words to enhance the experience. Loudly announcing our pleasure, when we were approaching orgasm or coming, or making demands and describing our actions in deliciously nasty, graphic, detail, made the experience much more intense for all of us. Through our wordplay, we discovered that our orgasms were often linked together, and when one of us started coming, the other three usually came in quick succession.

I glanced at Michelle. Her color was up as she watched David's cock disappear between Nikki's lips. Nikki and David wailed together, their cries of pleasure and lust loud. I moved to the other side of the bed to stand beside Michelle. She began to stroke my cock as Nikki swallowed David's cock again.

"Stop," I whispered as I brushed her hand away.

"Why?" she murmured in return.

"Why do you think?"

"Don't you want to come?"

"God yes, and that's the problem."

"I know the feeling," she purred as Nikki rose up, her back arching as her mouth opened in a silent scream.

"Oh, fuck! Fuck! He's going to make me come!" she whimpered, her big tits and erect nipples brushing against David's rippled stomach as she squirmed under the onslaught of his fingers, lips, and tongue. Watching them strain against their need, destroying and being destroyed with pleasure, incredibly erotic.

"Don't you fucking come, you bitch! Keep sucking that fucking cock!" Michelle growled.

David's cock was cherry red and so engorged with blood it looked painful, the thick veins on his cock clearly visible. I'd never notice his cock being so red before. I was abuzz with thoughts. Is his cock always that red when being sucked off? Is it like that when he's fucking too? Maybe Nikki is actually hurting him. Are his moans from pain and not pleasure?

"Fucking bitch!" David snarled as he pumped his hips, his legs quivering. He didn't act like he was in pain, not physical pain anyway. "You're making me fucking come!"

"Finish him!" Michelle barked.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! I'm going to come! I'm going to fucking... Fuck!" Nikki wailed, her body alive as she quivered, struggling to fight off a monumental orgasm. "I'm fucking coming!" she cried before swallowing him again, grunting, gasping, and panting through her nose, her breathing loud as one hand massaged his shaft and the other caressed his balls.
