 My girlfriend Jenn and I had been together about 2 years when this happened. Jenn is a super sweet girl, a lot of fun, but generally pretty cautious about most things in her life. At the time, she was 27 years old, trim, with a great ass and small b-cup breasts. I love the way she is shaped, and she is has curves in all the right places. After being on birth control solid for about two years, her libido had been steadily dropping. She looked everywhere for a solution to increase her libido, but after talking to a lot of people, she finally met up with my friend Natasha who is a midwife and deals with women's issues regularly. She recommended that Jenn try just going off of birth control for a little while or just going ahead and getting an IUD. Neither of us like to use condoms, especially me, but after a good bit of discussion and a lot of hesitancy, she decided that for a month or two she would give her body a break from the pills and we would just use condoms and avoid her most fertile time all together. If that made a difference, then she would consider getting the IUD.

Pretty much as soon as her next cycle started, she was a different person! Had I known it was going to be such a big difference, I would have asked for it years ago. Throughout our entire time together, I had always been the one to initiate sex, and honestly it bothered me a bit. The first night I stayed at her place after she went off the pill and she started her new cycle, we were finally getting done with a long day of work and lying in bed. She reached down into my pants and started rubbing me. I was already a little hard thinking about how good she looked while she had been undressing. 

She said "mmmm, you feel good tonight." 

"The way you look drives me crazy, you know that" I smiled and said. 

With that, she grabbed my hand and put it between her legs "touch me, make me feel good" she responded. I knew right away something was different, she hadn't been this forward since we first got together. I started feeling her lips and she was so wet. She then got up and reached to the nightstand beside the bed and got out the lube. She poured it over my cock and and started to stroke me faster and harder. 

"It is so hard to concentrate on you when you're doing this to me!" I told her. She responded by just stroking me faster. I much prefer to be inside of her when I cum, but tonight she was driving me crazy with her hands. She loves to get me off, and was moving quickly towards that. I knew how to start getting her close as well, but it had been a few days, and I knew if she kept it up I was going to cum all over her hands. I started moving my fingers against her clit a little faster, while still keeping it soft when she moaned "I want to cum so badly tonight, but I also want to make you cum. I love seeing the look in your eyes and making you feel good." "Well, how about you just climb on top of me and we'll finish like that" I said. 

I really thought she would just jump on me, and I moved my hand to her hips to help her move, but instead, she just stayed where she was on her back and leaned into my ear and stoked me even faster while starting to moan "mmmmmm, oh fuck baby, I love the way you drive into me, of fuck, I'm rubbing my clit and getting you off at the same time." 

I didn't even realize it, but she had moved her other hand between her legs and was driving her clit crazy. I like to be teased a bit, and I love to get see her get off, but I really wanted to be inside of her. "Do you want me to get your vibrator and and touch you with it tonight?" I asked. 

"No," she responded, "just stay where you are for a minute longer." 

As badly as I wanted to be in her, tonight her fast stroking combined with her moaning was about to send me over the edge. I felt that tingle in by balls as the cum started to boil up, and I knew it was going to be too late to get inside of her this evening. 

"Oh fuck, that is so good" I moaned, just as she started to buck her hips. 

I could tell by how tensed her body looked that she was just about to cum. Right then the cum shot out of me in buckets all over her hands and my stomach while she continued to cum and moan "oh yeah, oh yessss, oh that is sooooooo good." When I looked up, her back was arched up and her body tensed. She finally started to come down a bit, but was still writing on the bed. 

She rolled over to face me as she was moving around and I said "are you still cumming?" 

"No," she said, "my body is just tingling and it makes me want to move like this." 

"I really wanted to be inside of you tonight" I said. 

"I know" she responded, "we just didn't have any rubbers, and I didn't want to start us off wrong with this condom thing for this and next month." 

"I know, but you're not at all close to a bad time are you?" I asked, "so... maybe tomorrow we can go without the condom?." 

"Definitely not mister!" she responded. "We need to be diligent on this one Jason. Let's work on getting into a routine with this. I know you hate these things, but we agreed that was what we were going to do, and we need to stick to that." 

I knew she was right, so I begrudgingly agreed "yeah, I know, it's just not what we're used to." 

She quickly followed up with "well, if tonight is any kind of tell, you're going to be in for a lot more sex than usual. I think you'll be so happy with that, you won't even have time to think about the condoms." 

"I hope so, and maybe even think so" I said as I looked into her beautiful green eyes. It seemed at that moment that maybe she even wanted it again, which is so unlike her. 

"Alright, we need to go to bed" she said, "I have to get up early, and you have a lot of work to do tomorrow." 

"We're in bed" I said, as I started to kiss her neck again. 

"No, I mean we need to go to sleep Mr. ready-to-go-again!" 

"Alright," I responded. I knew she really did have to get the sleep, even if we both wanted it again.

The next several weeks were amazing. We had sex almost every night, and about half of the time she was the one who was initiating it. It did bug me a bit having to use condoms every time, but wow, what a difference in her. Even if the condoms were bugging me, I wasn't going to complain at all. Even with sex every night, I started noticing that the small bottle of lube was left out beside the bed, even when I was sure I had put it away the previous nights. I took a look into her night stand a couple times and realized that every time her vibrator had been moved to a different position. She must have been getting herself off at least a couple times per day! Even when we first met it wasn't like this. I started to wonder if she finally understood how I felt all the time. There were a few times when I had explained it to her how it felt to be a guy and to always be thinking about sex, but she would just shrug her shoulders and say "hmmm, well I've never had that." I made a note in my head that I'd need to ask her about that again sometime soon.

A few days later I came to her apartment and was letting myself in when I overheard she and her roommate talking. 

"Oh my god" she said, "I can't believe how much this has changed things! It's crazy, it's like I have to get off three times a day or I go crazy. I was at a work meeting today and was so horny I found myself just rubbing my legs together. What has come over me?! This is so weird for me." she said. 

Her roommate Michelle responded "Wow! You're turning into such a horndog! Maybe I should go off of my pills for a bit too. I've been on them for years. But I don't have a boyfriend right now anyway and I imagine that it would drive me crazy to be like that all the time." 

"That's the thing" Jenn responded, "I can't concentrate or think straight if I'm not getting off all the time. Maybe this is what it feels like to be a guy? I want to go back to calm, collected, focused me. But I really love the way this feels. It's like a drug or something. Probably though, I just have to get used to it and it will go away." 

"Yeah, that may be. Just let me know how long it lasts so I can think about if I want to do the same thing." Michelle said smiling to herself. As she finished up her statement, I opened the door again and closed it loudly so that they would know I was there and wouldn't realize I had just overheard a personal conversation.

I walked in, dropped my briefcase by the kitchen table, and walked to up Jenn to give her a kiss. She kissed me back and said hello. Michelle was on the other side of the counter in the kitchen and was looking away when Jenn reached around and grabbed my cock. I was a little surprised and just looked at her with my brows raised. She just smiled, kissed me on the cheek, and said "hey Michelle, aren't you going out with that new guy tonight?" 

"Yep, another first date. It'll probably be like all the rest of the first dates" she replied. 

"Well, what time do you think you'll be back?" Jenn asked and looked at me with a huge smile on her face. Michelle was reaching into the fridge and responded with some late time when Jenn leaned into my ear and whispered "I'm going to be so fucking loud tonight with her gone." 

Once Michelle left for her date, I asked Jenn, "so what are you thinking about tonight?" 

"I'm thinking about playing with some fantasies tonight! Maybe some role playing?" she said. 

"Mmmmm, sounds good" I replied. I love having sex with this girl, but I also love playing with her amazing body and watching her cum. The way she shakes, moans, and writhes alone feels like it is enough to get me off sometimes. I'm not a jealous guy at all, and our role playing sometimes involves her being with another guy. Whether I would actually be alright with that or not, I wasn't sure, but it was fun to play around with and I told her it would be fine knowing that we'd probably never be in that situation anyway. We had actually bought a dildo a few months earlier so that we would have something more than just her vibrator to play around with when we were role playing. She always said that the dildo felt a lot more real than her vibrators did, and I was starting to think that she liked using that more than the vibes. The only thing that bothered me when we first got it was that it was a bit bigger than me, and she would cum really hard with it. She always said it was because with the dildo, she could also easily have the vibrator against her clit, which was definitely true, but I also wondered if she got off more on the increased girth. 

That night, we started out naked and reading through a couple of Literotica stories together, and turning on some porn. While the sounds of moaning played in the background, we read the a story about two people in college playing stip poker in the dorms. I had read this one before and I knew how it was going to go. One thing would lead to another and pretty soon he would be inside of her going crazy, and she would be begging him to cum with her. She was getting into the story, and I could see from the flushed look on her cheeks that she was getting turned on. 

She was so engrossed in the story that she didn't see me reach for the dildo and rub some lube on it. 

"What are you doing" she asked. 

"Just getting the lube" I said, as I stashed the dildo out of her view and reached with my now slick hand down between her legs. 

"Yeah baby, touch me while we read" she said. I was surprised how wet she was already when I reached down to touch her. As soon as I touched her, she moaned out "oh yeah, that feels so good, I've been needing to cum all day." I rubbed her clit just a few times and I could feel her legs and butt start to shake a little. 

"That's different for you" I said, "you don't usually start to shake till you get close to cumming." 

"Who's to say I'm not?" she said as she started to shake a little more. I just smiled at her and started rubbing her a little faster. 

"Get on your hands and knees" I said, "I've read this one before so you can read and I will touch you for a bit" I said smiling to myself. She immediately jumped up onto her knees and bent over to continue reading. I got an amazing view of her perfect ass; smooth, heart-shaped, and begging for a hard cock. Her pussy was clearly on fire, bright red and wet from the lube and her own juices. I love the way her tits would hang down underneath her in this position. I reached down and started to touch her again and her leg and ass immediately started to shake again. I could tell that tonight she was going to get off hard! I thought about just pushing my hard cock into her then, but I knew that the way she was moving I wouldn't last 5 minutes inside of her, and I wanted the night to last longer than that. "Where are you in the story?" I asked. 

"They just got their clothes off, and she is sitting on top of him. He his cock is hard, and she is rubbing the lips of her pussy against it" she replied with a bit of a moan. Her words had a little bit of a slurred sound to them right then. Maybe this is a drug for her after all I thought. 

"Tell me when you get to the part when he's at her entrance" I said. 

"I'm just getting to that part now" she said. 

"Tell me what's happening" I told her. 

She started with "she is rubbing herself up and down now, but is feeling that itch deep inside. As she goes up a little extra, she feels him come up to her entrance. It's too much for her and she lets just the tip go in." Just as she says that, I take the lubbed up dildo out and start moving it up and down her slit. "Oh fuck, what are you doing?" she asks. "That feels good, but if that is you, don't forget you have to wear a con... dom." she says with trouble. 

"Don't worry about it, I won't do anything you don't want me to do" I reply. 

"I know, I trust you" she says, "but I just have to ask because I know you're not completely used it, and for... get some... times." At this point I know she's gotten to the part in the story where the girl couldn't resist and started sliding onto him, so I start sliding the toy to her entrance and pushing in just a bit. "oh, oh!" she moans. 

"I don't know why it feels so good tonight, but it is SO good. You're using the dildo right?" she says. I start sliding just the head in and out and she says "just hold it there, and pretend for a minute it is you, feeling me bare but knowing you can't go in any further without a rubber, does it drive you crazy?" she asks as she starts to bend at the wait and move her ass up and down on the dildo. "Think about how good it would feel to just go a little further inside of me..." she says as she starts to push a little harder on the dildo sinking a little more of it inside of herself. "I know how you love teasing me, and teasing yourself... oh!" she moans, "I just need a little more of it inside of me." She slides down another inch onto it and says "oh god, it's only in a little, but I am so tight, and I think I might cum just like this!" 

I try to push a little more inside of her, but she really is tight tonight, and only a little more goes in. Now she is starting to really shake and move on it. "Just hold it still or push it in more, and don't let it come outtttt" she begs as she starts pushing back against it more while starting to frantically move on it. "I want to tease you more, but I am so close to cumming like this. It's like I can't control myself, I can't do anything else!" she says as she shakes "I need you to fuck me soooo hard." I start to reach to get a condom, when she says "oh fuck, I'm going to cum! Just keep using the dildo on me." She reaches for my hand and squeezes it hard. At the same time, she moves up on the dildo so that just the head is inside of her the pushes back hard, thrusting another 2 inches inside of herself and starts to slide up and down more and more. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Yessssss!" she says as she pushes down against the toy and her whole body goes rigid and her head snaps up towards the ceiling. She holds like this for just a second, then starts shaking uncontrollably and moans "oh gawwd, I wish I could feel you cumming inside of me right now." I can see the veins on her usually smooth neck start showing, and I know that this may be the hardest I've ever seen her cum. She holds that position for at least 15 seconds just moaning, when finally she starts to relax, and falls down onto her belly. The dildo has fallen out, and I put it onto the nightstand and reach for a condom. After seeing that show, I could come with just a touch, and I wanted my turn.

As I open the wrapper, she looks up with her lust filled, but somewhat satisfied eyes and asks "what are you doing?" 

"Getting ready to be inside of you" I say as I start to roll it onto my very sensitive cock. 

"Let me do it for you" she says, with teasing look again her eyes. 

"Ok" I respond, "but I definitely want to be inside of you." The condom is just over the head when she reaches her hand towards it. Instead of rolling it on though, she starts to stroke the uncovered part of me. At the same time, she reaches between her legs with her other hand and gets some of the lube and her juices and starts sliding it over my cock. "Oh fuck" I moan, "I really want to fuck you, but if you keep doing that..." I literally can't talk anymore as she pushes me back and climbs on top of me. The condom is just at the tip of my cock, when she starts sliding her pussy up and down over me. 

She then backs up a little and starts stroking me again. "Please baby, I really want to be inside of you" I say with a lot of difficulty. 

She reaches over to the nightstand and pours more lube onto her hand. "You can, if you can just wait a couple minutes. You got to tease me, now I get to tease you" she says. With that, she grabs my cock with both hands and strokes me hard and fast. She pulls the condom off the top, setting it aside she says "I don't think you'll need this at this rate, but I'll keep it here just in case." I'm about 10 seconds from blowing when she stops stroking me and lets go. 

"Are you close?" she asks. 

"I am so close" I say. 

"Whatever you do, don't cum, ok? I want to tease you, and I trust you. Ok?" she asks. 

"Whatever you want" I respond. 

"I looked back at you while just the tip of the dildo was inside of me" she says while raising my cock to point at the ceiling, and slowly raising up to tease her clit against the head of my cock. "It was driving you crazy, wasn't it?" she asks. 

At this point I have come down a little bit, but am still close to boiling over. "Yeah, it was." I say "I love the way you needed it so badly." 

"I still do, and teasing with the tip like that was making me so crazy" she says as she raises up and puts the head right at her entrance. "Pretend it was you in that story for a minute" she says as she starts touching her clit and humping back and forth. The feeling is starting to overwhelm me a little bit already. 

"Oh fuck, baby, I feel it starting again in me. Do you think it's ok to go a little deeper?" she asks as she just sinks down about 2 inches on me. Already she is starting to tighten up, and I know she's going to cum soon. She starts moving up and down and squeezing me harder. Right then, I remember that she is trusting me not to cum, and if I don't stop now, there will be no way to avoid it. I've made my decision when I look up at her, and she has a completely wild look I've never seen in her before. At that moment, I realize she is shaking like crazy again. She looks down at me and just sinks down onto my cock, and wraps her legs under my legs, locking herself on to me and shaking at the same time. She is hitting the head of my cock deep inside her and driving me crazy. The feeling of her pussy milking my cock is overwhelming my better senses, when I feel myself starting to cum. Right then, I reach under her butt and lift her up while pulling down my pelvis and dislodge myself. As I do this, she grabs me hard, almost like she is angry, but I've already come out of her and am cumming on my stomach. Uncontrollably, I moan, and as I look up at her, her eyes soften again and she comes back to her normal self.
