 My name is Mary and I can't believe what has happened to me over the past few weeks. Until recently, my husband Phil and I were the perfect couple pursuing the American Dream. We have two kids, a boy and a girl. We're juggling two careers, me as a Systems Analyst, for a local engineering firm and Phil as an engineer at a large manufacturing plant. We own a modest house in the suburbs with a pool, the two cars – you get the idea. We're both in our mid-30's and we work at keeping ourselves fit and our lives fun. I'm about 5'5", 155 pounds and I have blonde shoulder length hair. I've got 38D breasts, with very pronounced nipples courtesy of childbirth. My husband has a tanned complexion and brown hair that has that distinguished peppering throughout. We both had several long relationships before we met and eventually got married. Nothing wild – the usual college romances. Our marriage is strong, and we work at keeping our sex hot, or at least warm. At least once a week we schedule a 'play time' and go to bed early and lock our bedroom door.

One night on the way home from a dinner out at a nice restaurant we passed an adult bookstore. It was, after all, a 'play night,' but we had been more focused on having a nice evening together than sex. After talking about it for a few minutes as we continued driving, Phil turned the car around and headed back. We parked at the far end of the parking lot and walked into the store.

I don't know if the few customers that were skulking around weren't used to 'new' people, or maybe it was the way we were dressed or the fact that I was a woman. Phil was dress in a jacket and slacks, and I was in a light summer dress, not wearing any nylons in the hot weather. We sure got a lot of looks. We walked through the store looking at the videos and at the toys behind the counter. All eyes seemed to be on us. I felt myself getting wet just being in the store. A glance at Phil's crotch revealed that his cock was stiffening. Phil nudged me and we headed to the back of the store to the video booths. After stopping at a coin machine and getting $20 in quarters, we stepped into one of the booths, closed the door and sat down on the bench while our eyes adjusted to the dark. Phil put in some quarters and the feature came on.

The surprisingly clear video showed a woman with two men on a bed, one between her legs eating her pussy and the other kneeling by her head feeding her his thick, long cock. There was something hypnotizing about watching the action on the screen in the darkness of the booth. Phil reached over and pulled up my dress exposing my legs. I scooted up and slid off my panties and spread my legs. Phil immediately began lightly stroking my clit and, after about a minute, I had my first orgasm. It must have been the excitement of being semi-naked in a public place and the images on the screen.

We could hear people in the hallway and the doors of other booths opening and closing around us. During one of the darkened scenes on our video, I noticed light coming through the wall from the booth next to us. I leaned over and discovered a hole about 5-inches in diameter, lined with duct tape. A glory hole! I leaned over and looked into the next booth. A young man was watching the screen while working his hand slowly up and down his medium-sized cock. After watching him jack his cock for a few minutes, I made a noise to get his attention and then sat up and leaned over to Phil.

"There's a guy over in the next booth and I just got his attention," I whispered. "Let's let him watch us fuck!" Phil moaned and stood up to slide his pants off. We both looked down at the hole and saw the man looking through the glory hole at us.

I couldn't wait to display myself to this stranger, pushed Phil back down on the bench and climbed on his cock, sliding it into me in one smooth move. We paused for a moment and moved on the bench to give the man a clear view of our connection. Phil added to our stranger's view by reaching back and pulling my cheeks apart to give him an even better view of his cock sliding in and out of my pussy.

With a moan, I started working myself up and down Phil's length. The heat and smell of our sex in the booth was becoming stronger. I kissed Phil on the mouth deeply, then leaned into his ear and whispered, "There's some guy watching you fuck me. He's watching your cock slide in and out as I'm fucking you. God!" 

"You are such a whore! I can't wait for him to watch me come in you!" Phil said back. With a sudden glint in his eye, Phil whispered, "Let's scoot toward the hole so he can touch us!"

"Touch us?"

"Yeah! So he can reach through the hole and feel my balls and my cock in your pussy!" Without another word, Phil began to slide his butt down the bench toward the hole taking me with him. Our stranger caught on quick and as soon as we stopped moving down the bench I felt another hand on my right cheek that stopped and then worked its way down between my legs. I hadn't started moving again on Phil's cock and we both were motionless as the stranger's fingers explored us. I moved again to kiss Phil on the mouth and then to his ear to whisper.

"I can't believe this! He is running his fingers up and down my pussy lips, around your cock, feeling it going into me! Oh, God!!" The fingers wrapped around Phil's shaft right outside my opening and squeezed him, causing Phil to moan. The stranger then slipped a finger into my opening, right next to Phil's cock.

"Ohhhhhh. God! He's in me!" The stranger worked his finger in and out of my pussy next to Phil's cock, getting it slick with my flowing moisture. He pulled the finger out of me and moved it up toward my asshole, lingering. Sensing what was coming, I tried to relax. After a moment, our stranger began working his slick finger into my asshole.

"He is putting his finger in my ass, Phil! God, fuck me. Fuck me!" I began moving slowly up and down on Phil's cock again, clenching around our stranger's finger. The whole thing tipped Phil over the edge, and he started to spasm and came in my pussy with a groan.

"God, Mary, I'm coming! He's up your ass!!!" As he came in my, I had a small orgasm focusing on his cock pulsing in and our stranger's finger clenched deep in my asshole. As Phil's orgasm subsided and he began to soften, I slid off of his cock, our stranger's finger still in my ass. I kneeled in the bench with my ass facing the hole and looked back at the arm coming through the hole.

"Fuck my ass with your finger!" Our stranger heard me and began moving it in and out of my ass at a steady pace. The pain finally got to be too much and I pulled away from the hole, sliding the finger out of my ass as I moved out of his reach.

I sat down on the bench and our stranger pulled his arm back through the hole. Phil and I looked at each other for a minute in the flickering light of the video and we seemed to have the same sense of disbelief on our faces. The woman on the video screen was now getting fucked on her back by a black man, while another man filmed the scene. 

Apparently, it was a 'making a video' scene. Phil dug some more quarters out of his pants on the booth floor. His cock was started to get hard again and I wrapped my fingers around it and started to slowly pump him.

"Look," he said, pointing to the hole. I turned and saw about six-inches of circumcised cock protruding from the hole. Our stranger wanted some relief. "Touch it," Phil said.

"No way!" I wasn't ready to cross that bridge yet.

"Shit, Mary, he's felt your pussy, felt my cock in your pussy and stuck his finger up your ass. Now you're getting shy?"

I chuckled, "OK, you're right, but, well . . . " I reached over and wrapped my other hand around our stranger's cock. It was very hard and very warm. It twitched as I gripped it more tightly. Almost naturally I started to stroke his cock. Our stranger leaned into the wall with pleasure, giving me another ½-inch or so in length in my hand.

"Is that all you want to do?" Phil asked. 

"What do you mean?" I replied. 

"Don't you want to taste him?" Phil asked, quietly, licking my left ear.

"No. I'm not ready for that. Why don't you do it, Phil? Take him. Suck him. I'd love to see that!" The word spilled out of my mouth. I felt myself getting wet again. Phil looked at me as though I was daring him. "Do it. I know you want to. Make him come in your mouth!" 

With that, Phil move me out of the way on the bench and move his face down to the cock, examining it. He turned to look at me one last time, and then kissed the head of the cock. Phil took a breath and slid his mouth down the length of our stranger's cock. I could hear a muffled groan through the wall.

I knelt on the floor and took Phil's now rock hard cock into my mouth and started to jerk the shaft slowly with my hand. I looked up and Phil was doing the same to our stranger's cock. I watched Phil work his pursed lips up and down the shaft of his unknown lover. He was using the same technique on our stranger that I had used on him for years; tight lips, suction, motion up and down on the penis. Phil was also doing my 'tongue thing' to our stranger; I could see Phil's cheeks swell as he took the cock into his mouth and he slathered the head of the cock with his tongue while it was deep in his mouth, almost down his throat.

Phil abruptly stopped and sat up on the bench, pulling his cock out of my mouth. "I've got to do something," he said. He tapped in our stranger's stomach and got him to pull his cock back through the hole. Phil leaned flat against the wall, inserting his own cock through the hole. "I want him to suck me for awhile." He let out a deep moan immediately, indicating that our stranger was obliging him. I kneeled on the bench behind Phil, sort of spooning him while he was blown anonymously. I then wanted to feel the exchange. I motioned for Phil to lean slightly back away from the hole so I could put part of my small hand through.

I was rewarded instantly as I made contact with our stranger's forehead. I moved my hand down him face – a beard! – and moved my fingers around his mouth. I savored the sensation of touching the connection of his lips wrapped around my husband's cock. I could feel the suction in our stranger's cheeks.

I pulled my hand back through the hole and straitened back up behind Phil. He leaned back and kissed me deeply, obviously close to coming. As I ran my tongue deeply into his mouth I felt him tense and start to shudder. He lost himself in a shaking orgasm, send several pulses of semen into our stranger's mouth. I broke our kiss. "Did he swallow?" I asked with a whisper. 

"Every drop. God, that was one of the best orgasms I've ever had. No offense," he said, sensing I might me offended that he had reached a level of pleasure with a stranger he hadn't achieved with me. 

"None taken. It's the moment," I told him and meant it.

"Mary, he hasn't gotten off yet. I . . . " he trailed off, not sure what he wanted to say. 

"What? Phil, come on, at this point, there isn't much that could shock me."

"I... I want to take him up my ass," He blurted. I didn't say anything. He had shocked me. Our stranger's cock was sticking back through the hole, looking harder and even longer than before. A dollop of pre-cum fluid was dripping from the hole on the head. I felt my mouth water involuntarily – I loved licking that drip from Phil's cock. 

After a moment I said, "Ok. So, you want him to fuck you in the ass. Ok. Do it. I'm cool. In fact, I'm getting wet again thinking about it." And I was.

"I might need some help. I need some lube." Phil reached between my legs and worked two of his fingers into my pussy, dishing out some of his come that was flowing from me with my juices. I watched as Phil spread the handful of goo over our stranger's cock. Phil turned and backed his ass up to the hole and reached between his legs, grabbing the cock and guiding it to his asshole. He exhaled abruptly as the cock made contact with his asshole. Our stranger backed through the hole and Phil backed up against the wall completely and reached back to spread his ass cheeks. He then put his arms on the bench in front of him and braced himself for the entry. He didn't wait for long.

"Oh, fuck. God, Mary, that feels good. Kind of hurts. Oh, God!" It seemed as though our stranger had gotten the head of his cock inside Phil, and then slid his entire length in, all at once. "Jesus, that feels good! I've wanted to do this for years, Mary. I guess you knew that?" I nodded. Phil then lost contact with reality as our stranger began to pump his cock in and out of Phil, slow and steady. Phil began muttering obscenities, most of which I couldn't understand. I held his hands as he took our stranger's cock. The video screen suddenly went blank and the booth became dark. I scrambled to dig into Phil's pocket to find some more quarters. In the darkness I noticed light shooting into the booth from the side opposite of the hole that Phil was being fucked through. Another glory hole! The light was subdued through this hole, though, and as I put the quarters in and got our video going I could see why: someone's face was up against the hole with their eye looking into our booth watch Phil get fucked. They had probably seen our whole session!

I got up close to the other glory hole to see who was watching us, and the face shifted. This was a slightly larger hole, maybe eight-inches in diameter. Suddenly the lower half of a man's face protruded through the hole and he stuck his tongue out and made several suggestive licking motions. I didn't even think about what I was doing as I faced the wall and lowered my pussy onto our new stranger's face. After a few licks on my clit he moved down the folds of my sex and began licking deeply into my pussy to get the remaining traces of my husband's orgasm.

As I was reveling in my new pleasure, Phil moaned, 'God he is fucking the shit out of me! I think he's about to cum. Mary, hon, he's going to come in my ass! Oh, here he goes! God, he is just pumping me full!! It feels incredible!" I pulled myself off of my new lover and turned away from the wall to face Phil and kiss him. I backed my pussy back against our second stranger's face and he resumed licking. My new position gave him more access, and he began running his tongue from my pussy and then on to my asshole. I moaned into Phil's mouth as we kissed and felt myself building to another quick orgasm.

Phil pulled himself away from the wall, broke our kiss and bent to the hole to say something to our first stranger. 

As I watched, getting closer to an orgasm, I saw the two of the talking closely through the hole and the they leaned into each other and shared a long deep kiss. "Phil!" I cried involuntarily. He broke off the kiss with the stranger and then he was passed something through hole. It was a piece of paper with a phone number; our stranger had apparently enjoyed his time with us! "What?" Phil asked. "I kiss a guy and you think that's weird? Some guy you don't know is eating your pussy!" he said with a laugh. "I know. I guess I'm just not ready for... Oh GOD!" I screamed as my orgasm hit me without warning and hard. I came in waves as my new stranger focused on my clit. As my orgasm hit the peak he slid a finger up my ass in one stroke. "Oh, God!!"

As I cooled down he stopped licking and pulled his face from the hole and his finger slowly out of my ass. I stood up, shakily, and turned toward the hole. I knew that I had to return the favor, and I found myself wondering what I would be confronted with. Suddenly, a large, uncircumcised cock pushed through the hole. It was about seven-inches long, slightly longer than Phil, but larger in girth. I touched it tentatively and then wrapped my hand around it. The head of my new stranger's cock was hidden under the translucent foreskin. I started to started to move my hand up and down on the shaft when Phil nudged me, recovering from being sodomized. "My asshole is stretched wide open. I've got his come dripping out of me, just like you have, Mary. That was incredible. Ok, you need to work on this one. He gave you a run," referring to my orgasm on my new lover's face, "so you need to satisfy him."

"I know. I'll get there." I started to grip the cock harder and jerk him off more firmly. I heard a muffled grunt of approval through the hole. Phil nudged my shoulder and made a motion with his finger to be quiet. He leaned over and took the cock into his mouth and began sucking as I jerked it. After a minute Phil grunted and pulled his mouth off of the cock. The head of the new stranger's cock had 'popped' out of his foreskin and was glistening with Phil's saliva in the flickering light of the video. I moved Phil's head out of the way and took the cock deeply into my mouth while I continued jerking the shaft. As Phil watched, I developed the same steady rhythm on the cock as I used on Phil and I could feel the man begin to respond. I tasted some pre-cum on my tongue as he started to lubricate.

We were interrupted by a knock on the door of our booth. I was surprised when Phil began to open the door and I pulled my mouth from my new stranger's cock.

"Phil! What are you doing? We're naked in here!"

"Mary, in care you haven't noticed, we've had sex with a couple of people already, and we've been watched by a couple of more. I'm not sure I see a problem in letting someone in here." Before I could respond, Phil popped the lock.

The door opened and the light from the hallway flooded in. A slim young professional man walked entered and walked up to Phil, his long slender cock already out of his pants. "I was watchin' you two from the other booth. I wanted to get closer." I was stunned by this new level we had just reached and watched as Phil took the young man's cock into his mouth. A second man entered the booth and sat down next to me on the bench. As he undid his pants, he reached for my husband's waist and turned him around. As he pulled his thick, veiny cock free he pulled Phil ass toward his lap, impaling him. Phil squealed around the man's cock in his mouth, and than I could see him relax as he took the sitting man's cock into his asshole. A couple of other young men stood in the hall outside the booth and just watched the four of us. The light was behind them, casting them in a silhouette so I couldn't really see what they looked like. I sat there, naked from the waist down with my legs spread, my pussy open for all of them to see. The unknown man I had been blowing sat there patiently with his cock sticking through the hole in the wall waiting for me to resume. I had this vague thought about how strange things can become normal and make a kind of sense under certain circumstances. I stood up and removed my dress and bra; I thought I might as well let them see everything. I dropped to my knees on the floor and turned back to service the man who had given me that great orgasm.

I worked his cock in earnest, taking pleasure in the perverse show I was putting on for the men in the hall. What a couple – me sucking a guy I couldn't see, and my husband taking his second cock of the night up his ass while blowing another guy. I heard some movement behind me and felt some hands touch my ass at the same time I felt the warmth of a cock make contact with my cheeks. I left my new guy reposition me slightly so he could work his cock between my legs. With my mouth suctioning my second stranger and my left hand jacking his cock intensely, I reached between my legs to guide my new guy into my pussy. I thrust me ass slightly up and out to meet him and he slid in easily. I had a weird thought as my pussy adjusted to the cock that had just entered me: I wouldn't look at him. I would make a point of not looking so I wouldn't know who it was. The man fucking me from behind would remain as anonymous as the man on the other side of the wall.
