 I was sitting in the park, listening to my iPod, when suddenly I was plunged into shadow. I looked up and two of the moms were standing over me, and they didn't look too happy.

"You're Julie's friend, right?" one of them, a very large, sturdy woman with dark hair and eyes named Monica, said.

"Uh, yeah, I guess," I said. "I'm friends with several of the moms here, I suppose--"

"Yeah, but special friends with Julie," the other one, a tall, broad-hipped blonde named Pam said, or sneered.

"What's up, ladies?"

"Your little game," Monica said. "We checked up on you. First off, you don't have a kid, named Terrell or anything else."

"True, and your point is?"

"What are you doing hanging out in the park so much?"

Now I stood up, looking eye to eye with both of them. "Enjoying what my tax dollars have paid for. And if you've checked up on me you no doubt know that I sold my company for a shitload of money, which means I've probably paid more taxes for this park than everyone else here put together. I like hanging out here part of my day. One of the reasons I like it is because I think some of the moms are pretty hot to look at, and in at least one case, pretty hot to fuck." Monica looked like she was about to have apoplexy at this last one, but damned if I was going to be pushed around by a couple of yuppie busybodies. "Nice to meet you ladies, now, please, I have some very important iTunes purchases to listen to. Good day."

They looked at each other, trying to think of something else to say, but failing. With a final harrumph, they stormed off.

* * *

All the moms kind of avoided me for a week or so there, which didn't bother me that much; I noticed Julie didn't even seem to come to the park any more, and when I tried to call her about our Thursday play date, she didn't answer the phone. Oh well, that's the end of that, I thought.

Then of all people Pam came up to me and spoke to me.

"Have you talked to Julie lately?" she asked.

"No," I said, which would have been my answer either way, but happened to be true.

"Want to know why you haven't seen her around lately?"

I played along. "Sure. Why haven't I seen her around lately?"

"She and her husband went away on a cruise together. To try and patch things up between them."

"That's great," I said, sincerely. "I'm really glad."

She looked at me kind of funny. "That's not exactly what I expected you to say."

"Why? What did you expect me to say?"

"I don't know, I thought you'd be jealous, or sarcastic, or something," she said.

"Why? I had a good time with Julie, and she certainly had a good time from me when she really needed someone to give her one, but she belongs with her husband. And if I gave him the hit from the cluestick that helped him realize how totally sexy and wonderful she is, even with a few extra pounds after a baby, then I'm happy for them both and I wish them nothing but a happy life as a couple from now on."

"Hmm," she said.

"Hmm what?"

"Nothing, just hmm," she said. "Anyway, just thought you'd like to know. See you around," she said, and was off.

* * *

After that Pam was surprisingly friendly to me, and I noticed that most of the other moms, who had been distinctly chilly for a few days, went back to being at least passably friendly, too.

More than that, I noticed Pam started working in little references to sex, or fooling around, or not getting enough at home into the conversation. Here we go again, I thought.

We were standing by a jungle gym when a couple of young women in tight, skimpy athletic clothes power-walked by. I turned my head and she caught me. "See, you say you like us moms, but one of those walks by and you're drooling, like any other guy," she said teasingly.

"Well, dress like that and I'll drool over you, too," I said.

"If I dressed like that I'd scare half the playground away," she said.

"Yeah, but I'd be in the half that stayed," I said.

"You say that, but I don't know whether to believe you or not," she said, moving closer to me and, I noticed, to a place where we were mostly blocked by the jungle gym from being seen by the rest of the park.

I grabbed her around her soft waist and pulled her to me, then kissed her. She pulled away. "Does that answer your question?" I asked.

"I believe it does," she said.

"So... do you want a play date?"

"Not so fast," she said. "Let me talk to Monica."

I frowned. "What, you have to ask her permission?"

"No, silly," she said. "I have to find out what day is good for her."

* * *

The doorbell opened and Pam invited me in. "Where are the kids?" I asked.

"Grandma took them," Pam said as she led me into the family room. "She thinks I'm getting some warts removed."

Well, at least Grandma wasn't going to be part of the fun, though actually there were no signs of Monica, either. Pam handed me a glass of champagne. "Make yourself comfy, and we'll be right there," Pam said.

I sat in the family room and glanced around-- well, until I spotted the picture of Pam and her husband framed next to the fireplace. Then I decided just to focus on my drink.

"We're ready," Pam said, a moment later.

I turned to look and they were walking-- no, not, walking; sashaying-- toward me from the bedroom. Pam, her blonde hair hanging down to her shoulders, was wearing a sleeveless cotton top, a strip of her soft, tanned belly exposed, above it her plump, hanging breasts pressing against the cotton, leaving the imprint of thick nipples in the soft fabric. Below she had on short cotton shorts, her broad hips giving way to long, meaty thighs and bare feet, hippie mama-style. She was ripened womanhood, luscious, full of form and flavor.

While Monica-- Monica was ample, glamorously large in a black kitty-kat peignoir and high heels which made her thick calves and thighs ascend like skyscrapers to the round ass contained in black panties, the huge bosom spilling over the feather-edged bra. Far from the dowdy look she'd had in the park, now she was frankly carnal, predatory, as her big form came toward me on her high heels, different parts of it jiggling with every step.

The two of them grabbed me and started unbuttoning my shirt as Monica stuck her beestung lips on mine and I felt her tongue probe hungrily inside. Hands roamed over my chest and pants as I felt Pam's butt under her soft cotton shorts and stroked my hand over the top of Monica's large, heaving bosom. My belt was unbuckled and I was pushed backwards into the bedroom and onto a bed. Monica was atop me first, her weight pressing me down as she rubbed her breasts still in their bra across my face. Then Pam unsnapped them and they tumbled out, enormous and heavy, sweet-smelling and a little sticky where she'd sweated under the bra. I sucked one of the thumb-like nipples into my mouth and I felt someone cup my balls and stroke up and down them. Pam took off her top and her breasts too fell free, swaying from side to side with every move she made. I took one of each in my hands and sucked from one to the other; then Monica began moving down and took my cock in her hand, licking and kissing the head while Pam tongue-kissed me and I rubbed her soft, puffy belly.

Monica climbed back up and on top of me; Pam took my cock and rubbed the head against Monica's pussy lips, and then Monica sat down, slowly, sliding it inside her. The feel of her riding up and down was unlike any other woman I'd fucked, because she was bigger than any woman I'd ever fucked; it was like being devoured by a freight train, each vigorous thrust slamming me into the bed. Pam just watched as Monica rode me hard and fast, and it was only a few minutes, sweat dripping down Monica's big tits and ass, before I came and Monica, howling, squeezed my cock tightly with her pussy and moaned at each spurt.

Well, that was fun, I thought, though I was a bit disappointed not to have had more time to play with Pam. But as Monica rolled off me, nobody made any move to usher me out the door, so I guessed the playdate wasn't over. Monica lay back on the bed, her huge mammaries rolling to each side, her fat belly jiggling, and she began to rub her pussy, unself-consciously, as Pamela and I lay on either side watching her. There was something hypnotic about this very large woman so completely caught up in pleasuring herself, the jiggles from her clit radiating through every curve and roll of fat on her plump body; I neither looked away nor joined in but simply remained in the moment, watching as she worked faster and faster on her clit until finally she bit her hand and let out a cry as her abundant thighs clamped around her hand. She stayed like that for a few moments and then she relaxed, her hand came free and her eyes opened again and she smiled at us both, flushed but unembarrassed.

Now Pam leaned over her and kissed her, on the lips. They exchanged a long, slow kiss, their tongues moving around inside, and Monica pulled her to her. Still I was simply a spectator as these two ample women made out, not the gangly, athletic makeout session of two younger and thinner women (I'd seen that more than a few times at Christmas parties at my company) but the meeting of two fleshy bodies, soft and curvaceous, rolling over each other as breast met breast, thigh slipped between thighs, fingers stroked the rolls of fat under the arms and kneaded big squishy asses, then Pam's lips and tongue sucked at nipples, licked down belly, and arrived between thighs where my cum had been whipped into a white foam up and down bright purplish lips. Pam licked it up, looking at me as she trailed a white string from Monica's pussy to her lips. It had only been a few minutes but now my cock was hard again-- and the two of them had noticed that fact.

Pam scooted back on the bed and lay on her back, spreading her legs to reveal the pink delight inside her thatch of blonde fur. She grabbed my cock and pulled me on top of her. I kissed her, long and slow as Monica had, tasting a little of my own cum, as I slid into her parting pussy lips, then looked over and kissed Monica as well. I stroked Pam's soft breasts-- round and mom-like, though far smaller than Monica's-- and sucked at one nipple as Monica and Pam continued to kiss. Pam bucked back against my rhythm and Monica came around behind me, pressing her breasts and belly against my back as I fucked Pam. I felt her hand brush my balls, then ride up the crack of my ass. What the hell, I thought, as she rubbed her pussy to get her hand wet, and then I felt her finger press against my asshole and I arched back so as to make it easy for her to enter me.

We all fucked that way, me sliding in and out of Pam, spread on the bed, her long hair flowing like the rays of energy from her fucking bliss; Monica pressing against me, her finger going in and out of my ass with each stroke. It didn't take long and then I was coming in Pam, my ass contracting around Monica's finger with each spurt.

A moment later we were laying there, exhausted. Pam tried to excite some interest in my cock, but it was too tender by now and I just said "Maybe we can have another playdate."

"Maybe we can," Monica said. "Depends on how playful you're willing to be."

"I think we found a good one to play with," Pam said.

"I'll bring my toys," Monica said, and she looked at me with a hunger that I had a feeling I'd be feeling for days after.

* * *

Look for more BBW stories by Joris K. Huysmans on my profile (linked above and below the story).