 A while back we'd indulged my girlfriend's exhibitionist side and hosted a rather interactive strip show for a small group of strangers. The contact had been minimal, but we continued to discuss and fantasize about trying something further over the next few months. Soon, her birthday was coming up, which would be the perfect opportunity for me to arrange a next-level present. I still had contact information for the "winner" from the exhibition, and he'd been a convenient enough figure to slip into our fantasies. All I needed was an excuse to get her out and some place suitable for the surprise.

We enjoyed a nice birthday dinner, and as we left the restaurant, I told her that I'd booked us a nearby hotel room to make things feel a little more exciting for a night. I could see the suspicion in her eyes, but she agreed to follow along, so we soon arrived at a nice hotel. Planning ahead, I'd checked in earlier in the day, so we were able to go straight up to the room. Of course, it was a bit of a giveaway that something was up when I knocked on the door instead of unlocking it straight away. The door was opened in short order by our "acquaintance," and I winked at her in encouragement. She smiled back, quickly connecting the dots to our fantasies.

"Are you sure about this?"

"Yup, I've already clarified the plan with him, made sure he's on board with what we've talked about at home so we've all got the same expectations, and I just want you to have as much fun as you can tonight."

She turned back to the room, took a half second to shift mental gears and prepared to enter. I took her by the hand and lead the way into the room, with our acquaintance holding the door before bringing up the rear.

As I guided her to the bed, he followed closely behind her, grinding up against her ass. He held onto her hips with one arm and reached around with the other to run his hand across the top of her breasts. Once there, he pressed harder against her and pinned her between him and the bed, his hand moving up from her hips to the underside of her bra cups, the other sliding up under her shirt to find the other breast. While he massaged her tits through the bra, I pulled her shirt up over her head then reached between them to undo her bra clasp. The bra fell off onto the bed and his warm hands cupped themselves around the smooth skin of her breasts, each of them more than a handful could contain. His lips brushed the back of her neck, sending shivers through her body, then he turned her around and slid her onto the bed.

Her head hit the pillow, and had already I started unzipping her pants, sliding them off to reveal the sexy panties which concealed her pussy and hugged the curves of her ass. He swept his hand gently across her stomach, giving her goosebumps, before lightly brushing the bottom of her breasts. He stopped there, building anticipation in her chest. I ran my hand across the front of her undies, folding my hand around her mound, then pressing down on her slit through the fabric. Before her attention could drift downwards, he took one breast in his mouth, flicking the nipple quickly with his tongue before drawing his lips tight and gently biting it. Liking the sound this elicited from her, he wrapped his hand around her other breast, squeezing the nipple between his fingers while continuing to work the other with his mouth.

I slid my hand inside her panties and started to massage her clit, trying to pace myself off his squeezes, doing my best to spread the pleasure over her entire body. Her breathing got harder and her moans louder; one of her hands wrapped tightly around mine and the other moved back and forth between grabbing his hair to pull his mouth against her and down to cup her breasts, offering them back up to him each time he pulled away. I could feel the incredible wetness of her pussy as I massaged her clit, and I could feel the orgasm building in her. Her hand squeezed me tightly and she let out a sharp cry as she climaxed, both of us continuing to pleasure her as her body shook with release. Her breathing returned to some semblance of normal, though her heart was still racing, and we stopped to roll her over.

He started to massage her shoulders while I removed her panties, then we each shifted so he could squeeze and massage her ass while I worked on back and shoulders. He ran his hands over her ass and down her thighs, brushing closer to her pussy on each return stroke. Unsurprisingly, this massage did little to release the tension in body, and she started bouncing her ass up into each massage stroke, hinting for more. She held her ass up in the air and his hands slid over the folds of her pussy. She cooed softly with satisfaction, so he leaned back and started to undress. While he removed his clothes, I took over massaging her ass and pussy. There was no longer any need to work her up, but I wanted to keep the pleasure coming constantly.

"Up on your knees," I say once he's finished undressing. 

He moved himself under and in front of her.

"I want you to get to suck his cock before other flavors get mixed onto it."

With that, she lowered her head and she took him into her mouth, bobbing up and down his length. Her ass wiggled in the air with the motion of the blow job, and I admired her juicy pussy while I stripped down. She wrapped her lips around his balls then ran her tongue up his cock, exploring this new toy, before sucking hard on the head. I grabbed her by the hips, and my hard penis rubbed against her folds, teasing her just before I slid my shaft deep inside her. She moaned and took as much of his cock into her mouth as she could while her fingers dug into his thighs to hold herself up. He grabbed her hair and pulled it taut as she worked on his cock, his other hand moving down to cup a breast. I followed his lead, reaching up with one hand to cup her other breast and using the other on her hip to hold on as I began fucking her faster. She did her best to keep licking and sucking him, but as I fucked harder, her concentration broke and her head fell into his lap as she screamed in pleasure. We were both too worked up to last long, and we both started cumming, one setting off the other. My cum shot inside her as she dug into him through the ecstasy, and she collapsed into the bed with my last few thrusts.

He rolled a condom on as I moved out of the way, then took my place, straddling her ass as she lay flat on the bed. He slipped his dick between her cheeks and down to her waiting cunt. She grabbed the sheets as he slowly eased into her, giving them both a chance to savor the penetration. With his cock buried as deeply as he could, he started grinding into her, molding himself to the curves of her ass. Having barely recovered from her second orgasm, she came quickly, pulling at the sheets and moaning. She pressed her ass up against him, trying to match his rhythm and pull his dick in even deeper. He recognized the hint and pulled out to the tip, then slowly, deliberately drove himself back into her. He continued pounding into her with slow, long strokes, bouncing off her ass each time he buried himself in her. She started flexing her ass and pussy around him, moving up to meet each thrust, and it pushed him that much closer to the edge. He'd been exploring her sexy body, enjoying her soft mouth, and he didn't have much restraint left. Each stroke became a little harder and a little faster until she felt his cock pulsing inside her, filling the condom. Her pussy squeezed tight around his dick as he grunted and talked dirty to her until he shot his last drop of cum.

She let go of the sheets, going limp as he pulled out. Having watched her fucking, I'd had a chance to recover and was hard and ready to keep her cumming. She flopped over onto her back, and I worked my way between her legs, sliding them around my waist so I could enter her wet hole. He tossed out the condom and moved back to her breasts, continuing to turn her on and keep building the pressure. He pressed up against her so that her hand rested on his soft dick. She begin stroking it and could feel it stir, responding to her touch. I continued thrusting into her while he bit, pinched and licked her breasts. She was so sensitive that the pleasure in her pussy was almost mixed with pain yet always near orgasm. I threw her legs over my shoulders and thrust deeper, causing her to wrap her fingers tightly around his stiffening cock and stroke harder. He groaned and reached one hand under her to squeeze her ass while continuing to lick her nipples. Having already cum, I was able to hold out a little longer than expected, but her tight pussy and constant moaning drove me over the edge. I pulled out after I finished, and her legs went limp on the bed, exhausted. He moved his hand out of the way and straddled her chest, his dick coming to rest between her tits. She squeezed them together around his cock, and he began fucking her breasts; his saliva lubricating each thrust. She managed to start licking the tip of this cock on each thrust, and this quickly brought him to cum. He pulled back and shot over her breasts, the warm streams capping off her pleasure.

We all just laid in the bed for a few minutes to catch our respective breaths, then she decide she'd like a shower to clean up. I raised the suggestion that she may need help with the messiest part, and the person responsible should pitch in. It took her a moment of thought, but she agreed and the two of them headed off to the shower. I heard the water start and soon the sound of the shower curtain opening then being drawn again. A few minutes into the shower I could hear her start giggling, which turned into gentle moans.

"Do you like licking my tits?"

A muffled grunt of agreement came from the shower.

"Do you like the way I suck this dick?"

A more enthusiastic muffled grunt followed by, "ooh, your tongue is so good."

A few more minutes of grunts, "turn around and let me play with that ass."

"Mmm, do you like my ass?"

A spank.

"Do you want to play with my ass?"

Another spank followed by some giggling.

"Use your finger and a little soa-," interrupted by a sharp squeal of pleasure.

"Mmm, ya, like that, and squeeze my nipple! Yes!"

"Do you want something bigger?"

A coy, "ooh," in answer, then another spank and a quick squeal.

"Not so fast, just easy... like that... mmmm."

Intelligible words were replaced by purring moans and grunts, accompanied by the smacking of wet skin. The action built then reached a crescendo, "I'm gonna cum."

"Cum in my ass."

"Ooh, I'm gonna cum!"

"Fill my ass!"

A few last grunts and a moan, then nothing but the sound of running water. Then the typical shower noises continued, with water running off of bodies and splashing as people move, and just the occasional giggle or laugh punctuated it. The shower shut off, and they both reappeared in wet towels. He dried off and got dressed while she sat on the bed, air drying in her towel. Conversation was light, and once he was dressed she offered him a friendly kiss, and I saw him out the door with a handshake.

"Well, did you have enough fun?" I asked with a smirk.

"I think that was a pretty good present, if I do say so. I'm not sure how easy it will be to pay that back," she said as she dropped her towel.

I raised an eyebrow, "While that is appreciated, you aren't expected to payback a present! Though, I'd be happy to entertain offers." 

I moved over and joined her on the bed, and she pressed her moist body up to me.

"Well, I was thinking..."

"That we probably both need a rest before any further negotiations," I interrupted and pulled her down onto the bed to cuddle up. Sure enough a nap followed soon for both of us, though perhaps not without a few new and interesting dreams.