 Kate called Tim, “Could you come over, Tim? Deb and I have a new game we want to try out.”

Kate had told Tim about some of the games she and Deb played, but they were always confined to the two of them. He never expected to be invited to participate! His mind was racing as he drove over to their house.

Tim rang the door bell and waited. In a few moments Kate opened the door and told him to come in. She was dressed in a plaid skirt, white blouse, white ankle socks and loafers. Kate was pretty small, about 5’2” and slender and in this outfit she looked just like a school girl. Tim was beginning to understand why she told him to wear dark pants a white shirt and dark tie. Next to Kate in her outfit, Tim looked like a school boy!

“Come on in, Tim,” Kate greeted him warmly.

Tim looked around to see where Deb was, but he couldn’t spot her anywhere. Kate led Tim into the den and sat down on the couch. She patted the cushion next to her and gave him a very flirtatious smile. Tim still wasn’t sure what was going on, but he went and sat on the couch with Kate.

“In case you haven’t figured it out, Tim, I’m a school girl and you’re a school boy,” Kate whispered as she played with his tie.

“I got that part the moment I saw you,” Tim replied.

“Well, we’re in the teacher’s lounge,” Kate purred, “just the two of us…do you want to kiss me?”

Tim was beginning to like this game! Kiss her! He’d wanted to do more than kiss Kate for a long time, but their friendship had always been platonic. Besides, Kate was always more interested in girls than guys. He inched closer to her on the couch and gently kissed her on the lips. Her mouth was warm and receptive and his arm slipped around her waist to hold her tighter to him. Kate put a hand on Tim’s leg and Tim moaned in spite of himself and started kissing her with greater hunger.

In the spirit of being school age, Tim gently worked Kate’s blouse out of her waist band and slid his hand inside her shirt. He was pleasantly surprised that Kate wasn’t wearing a bra and he playfully massaged one of her small breasts. He could feel her nipple stiffen as he gently rolled it between his thumb and forefinger and she moaned when he squeezed it.

Kate moved her hand further up Tim’s thigh and he shifted on the couch, trying to get her to touch his now raging hard on. At the same time he slipped is hand out of Kate’s blouse and started sliding it slowly up her thigh. They were still kissing passionately and had gotten themselves into a prone position. Kate’s small hand closed over Tim’s cock at about the same time he stroked her panties.

At just that moment, Deb walked in “What’s going on in here?” she asked in an angry voice. Tim and Kate split quickly apart, straightening their clothes, both looking like children caught doing something they shouldn’t. Deb was wearing a dark gray tailored business suit with black knee high boots. Her arms were crossed and she looked very severe, “Well?” she asked again, since neither Tim nor Kate had answered.

“Um, nothing,” they said in unison.

“Nothing?” Deb asked, rhetorically, “It didn’t look like nothing. Besides that, you both know you are not allowed in the teacher’s lounge, don’t you?”

“Yes Ma’am” they both mumbled as they looked at the floor.

“Come to my office. Now!” Deb commanded as she spun on her booted heel and stalked out of the room.

Kate got up off the couch and Tim followed her lead and they both followed Deb into the other room. Deb picked up the phone, “I am calling your parents and you are both suspended!”

“No, please, Miss Chandler, please don’t call my parents,” Kate immediately begged.

“Don’t suspend us, Miss Chandler,” Tim chimed in, “anything but that!”

Deb put the phone back down and looked hard at the two of them. “Why shouldn’t I suspend you? You were in the teachers lounge and what’s worse, you were making out! Such behavior is strictly against the rules and you both know it!”

Tim and Kate both hung their heads and mumbled, “Yes Miss Chandler.”

“Well, you both deserve to be punished and if we can put your young lustfulness to better use, I suppose I won’t have to suspend you.”

“Yes, Miss Chandler, anything!” Tim and Kate said at the same time.

Deb walked over to the table and picked up a paddle. “We will start with this. Kate, come over here and bend over this chair.”

Kate did as she was told and bent over the back of the chair, putting both hands on the seat. Her skirt rode high up the backs of her thighs and Tim couldn’t help but sneaking a peak. “Tim, come over here and lift Kate’s skirt onto her back,” Deb ordered. Tim did as he was told, carefully pulling Kate’s skirt the rest of the way up and folding it onto her back. “Now pull her panties down,” Deb commanded. Again Tim complied, grasping the waistband of the girlish cotton panties she was wearing and peeling them off of her pretty bottom and pulling them down to her knees.

“Step back, Tim, and don’t gawk,” Deb said as she pushed him out of the way and into a perfect position to see. “Kate you are going to be paddled ten times. You are to count each one and keep your hands flat on the chair at all times. If you take your hands off the chair, we will start over. Is that clear?”

Kate nodded her head and mumbled, “Yes Miss Chandler.”

WHAP! Miss Chandler smacked Kate squarely across the bottom, “One!” Kate half gasped. Tim was surprised with the speed and the force that Deb had started the paddling. WHAP! “Two!” Kate counted through gritted teeth. Tim watched as Kate’s pale moon turned pink from just the two spanks with the paddle. WHAP! “Three!” Kate hissed. And so it went. When Deb got to nine, Tim could hear a break in Kate’s voice and he knew that tears must be starting to form in her eyes. WHAP! “Ten!” Kate exclaimed, with relief and pain in her voice.

Tim was thoroughly caught up in the game, but he was really turned on from watching Kate get paddled. “Your turn, Tim,” Deb said simply as Kate stood up from the chair. “Kate, pull his pants down.”

Kate walked over and unbuckled, unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. As turned on as he was from watching her get spanked, having Kate’s fingers tugging at his fly only added to the fire. When she yanked his pants and underwear to his knees, his arousal was on display for both women to see. “That Tim is what got you into trouble in the first place!” Deb chided. “Now over the chair. Same rules Tim. Keep your hands in place and count.”

Tim’s hands were flat against the seat of the chair as he nodded his head, “Yes Miss Chandler.” WHAP! The words were barely out of his mouth when the paddled crashed into his bottom. “One!” He yelped, not quite prepared for the hot sting in his ass. WHAP! The second one came fast and caught him completely off guard, and his hands moved reflexively. 

“We will start again, now keep your hands still!” Miss Chandler scolded. WHAP!

“One!” Tim counted, so aware of the fire that was now his butt. WHAP! “Two!” WHAP! “Three!” “This really hurts!” Tim thought as he steeled himself for the rest of the spanking. Each spank seemed harder than the one before, and by the time Deb got to six, she was hitting skin that had already been paddled twice. The sting was intense as the paddled landed, but the space between became exquisite somehow. Tim was taken quite by surprised. WHAP! “Nine!” he counted as the tears welled in his eyes. WHAP! “Ten!” Tim stayed over the chair breathing hard. Tears dropped from his eyes as the fierce sting slowly ebbed from his throbbing cheeks leaving a deep, tingling warmth.

“You may stand Tim,” Deb said. “That was phase one my little darlings. Phase two is finding a better use for your lustful energy.” Deb paused. “Strip!” she barked.

Both Tim and Kate quickly shed their clothes and stood before Deb. She sat in the chair they had recently bent over and looked at them. “My boots need cleaning,” Deb said in a confident tone. Kate immediately dropped to her knees and started licking one of Deb’s boots. “Both of them” she said warningly, looking at Tim. He was quickly kneeling beside Kate, licking Deb’s other boot.

Deb leaned back in her chair and watched the two of them lick her boots from the toes to the heels and then slowly up her legs. She parted her legs to give them each room and her skirt rode up her shapely thighs. It was exhilarating to have them both naked and groveling at her feet, and the enthusiasm with which they were worshipping her only added to the fire. Deb knew that Kate adored these particular boots and she relished the sight of her on her knees. She was getting very hot and wet watching her two boot lickers.

Deb stood up in front of them and planted her feet shoulder width apart. “Higher,” she commanded and Kate and Tim started working their way up her legs. Tim teased the back of her knee while Kate ran slow licks up the inside of Deb’s thigh. Kate’s head was pushing Deb’s skirt up and Tim joined her, running his tongue up the inside of Deb’s other thigh. Together they pushed her skirt all the way up and they met at Deb’s pussy. Kate teased the labial lips and they could hear Deb’s breathing change.

Deb reached down and pushed Tim away and pulled Kate’s head against her hot wet pussy. “Lick my ass, Tim,” she hissed.

Tim moved behind Deb and ran his tongue slowly up and down her crack. Kate kept busy licking Deb’s pussy. When Tim plunged his tongue between Deb’s cheeks his chin touched Kate’s. They both went after their designated target with vigor. Kate kissing and sucking and licking Deb while Tim tongue fucked her ass. Occasionally their tongues would touch in the most incredibly intimate way. Orgasm after orgasm rolled through Deb as her little captives performed their oral worship.

“Stop! Stop!” Deb finally panted, needing to catch her breath, and Tim and Kate sat back on their heels and looked up at her. Deb’s face was very flushed as she sat back in her chair. “Now Tim,” she started quietly, “I want some answers.”

“Yes ma’am,” Tim replied, still kneeling on the floor.

“What were you doing when I came in?” Deb asked.

“We were kissing,” Tim responded softly.

“You were doing more than kissing, weren’t you Tim?”

“Yes,” Tim replied his face reddening.

“You wanted to get into Kate’s panties, didn’t you?” Deb taunted.

“Yes,” Tim replied, his face blushing nearly as crimson as his butt was earlier.

“Did you want to fuck her, Tim?” Deb taunted further.

“Yes,” Tim whispered.

“I thought so!” Deb responded triumphantly. “Do you know what it feels like to get fucked, Tim?”

Tim just looked at Deb blankly and Deb said “Kate go get the small one.”

Kate got off her knees and walked into the other room. “Well you’re going to find out!” Deb grinned at him. Kate returned holding a leather harness with a realistic looking dildo attached to it. Deb stood up and Kate immediately started removing her skirt and then helping her into the harness. When they were finished Deb stood directly in front of Tim with her rubber cock bobbing in his face. “Did you wish Kate would give you a blow job too? Maybe you should give me a blow job Tim” and she shoved her dildo against his mouth. “Lick it!” she commanded.

Tim opened his mouth and licked her rubber hard on. “Suck it!” Deb ordered and Tim took the dildo into his mouth. He used his tongue to get the surface wet and he gradually took more and more of it into his mouth. Deb was moving her hips back and forth, fucking his face and he tried not to gag when she shoved the head into his throat. “It’s not easy is it Tim?”

Obviously he couldn’t answer.

“Kate come over here and lay on the floor,” Deb ordered.

Kate came over and lay in front of Tim. Deb pulled the dildo out of Tim’s mouth. “You wanted her pussy, Tim, there it is…eat it!”

Tim didn’t need to be told twice. He bent over and kissed the shaved lips of Kate’s pussy very tenderly, lightly sucking her fleshy folds. His tongue played with her slit, teasing and tasting, then plunging in to caress her clit. Kate moaned and lifted her hips, pressing against his mouth.

Deb moved behind Tim and rubbed some lube around his virgin asshole, before pushing her finger into him. Tim moaned into Kate’s cunt as he felt Deb’s finger slide into his ass, and he licked and sucked Kate with greater desire. He was delighted with the sweet taste of her arousal on his tongue and strangely pleased by the feeling of Deb fingering him.

Deb withdrew her finger and replaced it with the slippery head of the dildo. She pushed firmly against Tim’s tight ring. Tim felt the insistent pressure and paused in his attentions to Kate, trying to relax. Kate moaned her frustration. SLAP! Deb’s palm connected with his right cheek. “Nobody told you to stop,” she admonished as she pushed harder, breaching his sphincter.

Tim cried out into Kate’s wet pussy as he felt the head of Deb’s dildo penetrate his ass. It felt so huge and she called this the small one! He continued to lick and suck on Kate’s swollen clit as Deb inched her cock deeper into his virgin butt. He couldn’t believe the feeling. In one moment he felt like he was being split in two and in the next the he felt this intensely pleasant fullness as the dildo slid across his prostate.

Kate’s eyes were open, watching Tim give her a glorious tongue job and watching Deb take Tim’s virginity. The spectacle was amazing and she could feel the wellspring of orgasm start to build. When Tim bit lightly on her clit and flicked it furiously with his tongue she started going over the edge. 

By this time Deb was fucking Tim for all she was worth. The strap-on rubbed her clit each time her hips slapped into his cheeks, which combined with the feeling of power, rocketed her toward another climax. She reached around and stroked Tim’s cock as she continued to fuck his ass, and it wasn’t long before the three of them were all coming at the same time.

They collapsed on the floor together, sweating and panting and small laughs coming from all of them. 

“Oh my god! You can invite me to play anytime!” Tim declared breathlessly and they all laughed.