 I was tingling with excitement as our Tahoe jittered along the dirt road, its tires churning the dry Arizona soil into a billowing cloud of white dust in our wake. We were going camping. I smiled to myself, watching out of my side glass as the desert passed by. Actually, we were going fucking, but we were doing the fucking in a tent in the middle of nowhere, and we could say we were going camping in polite company.

I was a simple girl with simple tastes. Nikki liked a little rough and tumble sex, and being thrown around the bed, especially if there was an element of competition in it. David enjoyed coming up with elaborate roles and situations that were hot as shit to lose ourselves in. Carl had a bit of an exhibitionist in him, along with getting his crank turned from us talking to each other while we fucked.

Because he didn't worry over much about being seen while balls deep in a woman, he was the person that started us fucking together, dirty talking while we fucked, and later, swapping partners. David and I would be forever grateful to him for his fearless attitude because it was his seduction of Nikki into fucking him in front of us that started us down the path to where we were today.

While each of us had our own little kinks, I was the lucky one. I got my urges satisfied nearly every time we fucked. I liked to be gently dominated. I didn't like to be hurt, nor did I want to be tied down, but having David or Carl hold me down, pin me to the wall, or lightly choke me while they were fucking me? That was some seriously hot shit, and it made me come like a fucking rocket. As good as fucking while being controlled was, what really got me going was sweat. Having a man work up a good sweat while fucking got to me every time. If I got sweaty too, that was even better. I also got turned on being covered in come, so long as it wasn't a direct shot to my face, oil, or anything else slimy or slick, but sweat was the best because the harder we worked for it, the more there was of it, and it was continuously replenished.

Today was my day to pick our play, and I was almost bouncing in the seat with excitement. About ten years ago I purchased a three-person tent and full-size air mattress at a garage sale for thirty bucks. At the time I had dreams of me and David taking the tent into the middle of the desert and sweating our asses off while fucking our brains out. I couldn't work out the logistics of it, stored the tent in the garage, and then later forgot about it when we started hooking up with Carlton and Nicole Stewart, my itches getting plenty of scratching just from our play. Now, with the help of Carl, I was finally getting a chance to live out my long-time fantasy. Even better, the Stewarts were joining us. Having them playing with David and me always turned the sex up to eleven. With them joining us to play while I lived out my fantasy, I was hoping the sex would be turned up to twelve... or maybe even thirteen.

I was getting my fantasy fulfilled almost by accident. One weekend, over steaks, the four of us were discussing things we wanted to do before we died. Carl wanted a motorcycle, but we'd scraped too many mangled bodies off the road for him to actually buy one. Nikki wanted to spend a couple of months in England, Ireland, Wales, and Scotland, David wanted to see the Northern Lights, and I wanted to go to Australia and New Zealand. We continued talking about things we had on our bucket list, but after a time, our discussion turned to sex, and all the things we'd always wanted to do or try but hadn't. It wasn't a surprising turn. It was a natural extension of the previous topic, and our conversations usually turned to sex at some point when we were together.

Despite our adventuresome sex lives, there were still things that we couldn't easily do. Nikki dreamed of men nude men fighting over her, with her rewarding the winner with a good hard fucking. Carl wanted to press Nikki against a two-way mirror or fuck her in some open but hidden cubby as people walked past, blissfully unaware of what was happening just out of sight. David wanted to fuck a zombie, justifying his lust by saying, 'if she's still moving, she isn't dead.'

After much razzing, and us urging him to pick something that was at least technically possible, he reluctantly discarded his zombie idea and gave it some thought. He finally decided if he couldn't fuck a big titted zombie chick, he'd like to try fucking me in a swimming pool of gelatin. Not a kiddie pool either, but a pool you could swim in. I thought it sounded kind of sexy, us squirming around as the Jell-O gripped us tight while also making us slippery. It wasn't likely to ever happen, but if he could find a swimming pool full of Jell-O, I was game to dive in and give it a try.

When my fantasy of fucking in the desert came up, and the problem of finding someplace where we wouldn't be disturbed, Carl mentioned he knew someone with some land near Forepaugh, Arizona, about ninety minutes from our homes in Phoenix. The owner was a gun enthusiast and he owned about sixty acres in the middle of the desert where he engaged in his hobby.

A few weeks later Carl told me he'd asked for, and received, permission to use the plot for a camping trip. I didn't know what excuse Carl gave the man for wanting to camp on his land, and didn't care. The important thing was that I was finally going to get to scratch an itch I hadn't been able to reach until now.

I couldn't suppress my smile as I licked my lips, still watching the harsh beauty of the desert pass by. It was going to be perfect! When Carl received permission, I'd looked up the location using Google Maps. There was nothing for miles around, so there was no reason for anyone to be close enough to hear me screaming while I was riding David's cock.

There was no plumbing or electricity, so we had to bring in everything we'd need. Since we were going to spend the rest of today and all of tonight fucking our brains out, all we needed was enough water so we didn't dehydrate and some sandwiches to keep our strength up, so we could keep fucking. I had all that packed in a large cooler in the back of the Chevy, wedged in beside the tent, mattress, tools, and a portable toilet, just in case.

When the plans were in motion, David and I found the tent and set it up in the family room to make sure all the parts were present and checked the air mattress for leaks. We'd found no problems with the tent or mattress, but I quickly realized even though the tent advertised itself as being suitable for three people, it was almost the exact size of the air mattress. There was barely enough room for two people, much less four. It was going to be a tight squeeze with four of us in there, but I didn't care. Thinking of our tangled, sweaty bodies as we fucked in the tight confines of the tent played to both my kinks, and only turned me on more.

I forced my thoughts away from what would be happening later. I was working myself into a state, and if I didn't stop, David was going to have to pull over and fuck me right there beside the road. Carl too.

"How much farther?" I asked, trying to distract myself from my ever-tightening whirlwind of thoughts. We'd left 'foreplay,' as we'd taken to calling Forepaugh, twenty minutes ago.

Carl looked at me from the front passenger seat. "About five miles to the turn off, then four miles more."

"Jesus," David muttered from behind the wheel. "Talk about forty miles of bad road."

I grinned. We'd been rattling down the road for fifteen minutes already. My question, Carl's answer, and David's softly spoken comment only served to remind me how far in the boonies we were going.

"You okay?" Nikki whispered from beside me.

"Yeah. Why?" I answered just as quietly.

"You're flushed and starting to sweat."

I couldn't stop my smile. "I'm so fucking turned on I can't stand it."

Nikki snickered. "Girl, you've got it bad!"

I giggled in return. "God, don't I know it! I couldn't sleep last night."

"You better not fall asleep and leave me to handle these two alone. That could ruin a girl."

"Don't you worry. There's not going to be any sleeping tonight, I promise you that."

She grinned at me. "I've never seen you so pumped up."

"Remember when David and Carl were fucking us while they play fought?"

She nodded. "Yeah. I damn near passed out I came so hard."

"This is like that for me. I've wanted to do this for so long, and now I'm finally getting my chance." I smiled at her. "I'll have to thank Carl... personally... and enthusiastically... for making this happen."

She snickered. "I'm sure he'll enjoy that." She paused a moment, a smile teasing her lips as she watched my eyes. "The only thing is, the way you're acting, I'm a little worried I won't be able to keep up."

I took her hand with a teasing grin. "Don't worry about it. I'll keep them both busy if you need a little recovery time."

Nikki snickered. "Damn, girl! You want me to just sit back and watch?"

I shook my head. "Oh, hell no. I want your wild ass right there in the middle of things."

She squeezed my hand in support. "I'll be right there with you, sister." She paused as she glanced at the front seat and then lowered her voice. "It's been a while since we've been able to make them both tap out. You up for giving it a go today?"

"Oh... yeah," I purred. I tried to recall the last time David and Carl had called it quits with Nikki or I still wanting to fuck. I knew it'd happened, and more than once, but I couldn't remember when it'd happened last. "Was the last time during the monsoon last year?"

Nikki's face twisted as she thought. "Maybe. Shit, that was almost a year ago. It's definitely time to make it happen again, so they don't get too cocky."

"I don't know about you, but I love cocky."

She snickered. "I do to, but I still think we should make it happen."

"Make what happen?" Carl asked, looking at us from between the seats.

"Nothing," Nikki replied, her voice full of pitch perfect innocence. "Michelle and I are just planning a little surprise for you two once we get setup."

"Oh, hell," David muttered, causing me to giggle.

I leaned in close so the guys wouldn't hear. "If we're going to do it, today's the day. Right now, I'm so horny I feel like I could take them both on."

Nikki snickered as I sat upright again. "And let you have all the fun? No way in hell."

"Slow down. I think the turn is coming up," Carl said, pointing ahead. "Would you say that Saguaro has a hard on?"

I leaned over and peeked between the seats as David slowed. Growing well off the road was a large Saguaro cactus, two of its arms on opposite sides at approximately the same height two-thirds of the way up the trunk, with a third one between them but lower down. I grinned. With a little imagination, it was easy to see a guy holding his hands up at his ears like he was being held up, while sporting a huge erection. I almost shivered with the thought. I might have to mention the idea to David and let him apply some of that David Blackwell magic to it. Having David and Carl trying to fuck their way out of a hold up might be fun.

David snickered. "Yeah. I kind of know how it feels."

"Yeah, me too," Carl muttered. "Bill said the turn off was just past the hard on cactus."

David continued to slow before turning off the road, such as it was, onto something that was little more than a path. "Down here?" David asked as we crept along, the Tahoe bouncing and rocking.

"It's what he said. About four miles."

We rocked along for ten or fifteen minutes before we crept to a stop when the path ended. "I'd say this is it," Carl said, opening his door.

We climbed out of the SUV and I looked around. We were really out in the middle of nowhere, with nothing man made in sight except for our Chevy, a large, heavy looking, chest high metal table with a thick sheet of plywood screwed to the top, and some dented metal targets that were vaguely man-shaped spread along a meandering arroyo with a high, steep bank on the other side. It was hotter than hell, the thermometer in the Tahoe claiming it was one hundred three degrees as we drove, but the heat, and what we were going to be doing in it later, was jazzing me up.

David scuffed at the dirt with his toe. "This ground is hard as hell."

"How about down there?" Carl asked with a nod at the wash. "It might be a little sandier in the bottom."

The four of us walked to the arroyo and then scrambled down the steep slope into the wide ditch. By the time we reached the bottom all of us were sweating, my blouse sticking to me like a second skin. We were fifty or sixty yards from the Tahoe, and maybe eight or ten feet below it. Where the ground above was the typical Arizona hardpan, the bottom of the arroyo had a thick covering of fine sandy soil that had been deposited over hundreds of years by the seasonal rains.

"Much better," Carl said as he dragged a toe though the dirt.

"Yeah. Humping all that shit down here is going to suck though," David muttered as he looked in the general direction of the Tahoe.

I was nearly dancing with excitement as I scuffed at the sand. This could be my only chance at fucking in the wild, so I was going to do all the things I've dreamed about over the years, one of which was fucking in the dirt. I'd be a mess when we got home, dirty, sweaty, and maybe covered in come, but I didn't care.

"So, we're doing this?" I asked. I tried to keep the hope out of my voice, but I must not have been successful because the other three snickered.

"What do you think?" David asked with a faint smile, addressing the group. "Should we indulge her?"

Nikki grinned. "I think we should. I have a feeling she's going to wear your asses out."

Carl grinned. "Then let's get to it."

I chill passed over me, wondering what he wanted to get to, until he turned and started trudging back up the hill to the SUV and our supplies. When we reached the SUV, David backed the Tahoe as close to the ditch as he could without risking getting stuck, but we still had ten or fifteen rutted yards to cover. Dragging our supplies out of the back of the truck, we each carried a load into the bottom of the gulch. It was hot work, but the softer ground that'd prevent us from breaking out backs made it worth the effort.

Camping in the bottom of a wash during monsoon season wasn't the smartest thing we could do, but there was no rain in the area, and none was predicted, so we weren't likely to be caught in a flash flood. Besides, it might be fun fucking while being swept along by the churning water. I grinned to myself as I dropped the air mattress to the ground. I was totally out of control. A flash flood was nothing to joke about. The torrent of water could easily, and quickly, overwhelm and drown us, but it wasn't likely to be a problem today.

I glanced around, my imagination running away with me. Even if it did start raining, I could always drag David higher up on the bank, wedge ourselves into one of the many cuts, and allow the water gushing down the bank to cover us in muck and mud as we fucked. I groaned softly in need.

Using the rake we'd brought in case we need to clear away rocks, I began smoothing the sand while Nikki picked up the bigger stones and tossed them away as the men returned to the Tahoe a second time to retrieve the cooler. As Nikki and I worked, David and Carl grunted and skidded their way down the hill with the heavy cooler between them. Placing the heavily insulated container at the edge of our makeshift campsite, the men began erecting the tent while Nikki and I continued cleaning up the surrounding area to remove any debris. The only thing I wanted poking me when were outside, fucking in the dirt, was Carl or David.

As we worked, my mind wandered, thinking about how I was going to thank Carl before going back to the first time I fucked him. We'd been fucking with the Stewarts for a couple of years, enjoying the intensity of our play, but we hadn't yet started swapping partners. We were in the Stewarts' bed with Nikki and me riding our mens' cocks side by side, working up a sweat as we fucked them. We were deep into our game, each of us mimicking the moves of the other as we tried to drive each other into orgasm. Carl removed his hands from Nikki's hips and cupped her sweaty breasts, gently rolling her erect nipples between his finger and thumb, with David following his example and doing the same to me. I gasped in pleasure with David's touch, but Carl's touch seemed to affect Nikki more, her head tipping back and her face twisting in pleasure as she moaned, so I began fucking David harder, trying to drive Nikki headlong into her orgasm.

"Harder, you bitch," I panted, her distress exciting me. "Fuck him harder."

Nikki rose to the challenge, but only for a moment. "Oh... fuck! I'm coming!" she snarled, stilling her hips while grunting and gasping her way through her orgasm.

As Nikki came, David growled, fighting off his own orgasm as he shoved me off his cock. Panting, he moved behind me, pulled me to my knees, and slammed his cock back into my waiting pussy, his hips slapping against my ass as he fucked me from behind. Carl, dripping with sweat as Nikki rolled off him, rose to his knees as well, waiting for her to recover enough for him to mimic David and take her from behind.

That was when it happened. Carl was so fucking sexy, the trickles of sweat rolling down his body, his engorged cock within easy reach and bobbing temptingly with his panting. I licked my lips sensuously, teasing him as I held his gaze with my own. As David fucked me, Carl turned his cock toward me and brought it closer to my lips as he placed his hand on the back of my head. He didn't try to force his cock into my mouth, but the offer and desire were clearly there. I took Carl's cock in my hand and pulled him closer, his cock almost touching my lips, before I paused and watched for Nikki's reaction. She stared at us a moment and then nodded.

"Do it," David snarled from behind me. "Suck that big cock."

I did. The moment Carl's cock disappeared down my throat, David splashed into me with a loud groan, holding himself deep as he grunted in bliss and his wetness filled me. As I sucked Carl, David pulled out of me with a shudder and fell to the bed. Nikki went to him, squeezing past Carl and me to take David's cock into her mouth for a slow and easy blowjob. She didn't ask for permission, perhaps assuming if Carl's cock was in my mouth I couldn't very well object David's being in hers.

As Nikki sucked David's cock, Carl slowly withdrew from my mouth and turned me in the bed. When first David, and then Nikki, nodded their approval, he took me, pushing his cock deep into my pussy as I moaned softly with his passage. Carl began fucking me with intent, his grunts and snarls joining with mine as I lost myself in lust. Moments later, Nikki was on David's cock, rocking her hips furiously as she rode him. I lowered my lips to David's, kissing him deeply as Carl pulled his wife's lips to his. The four of us kissing while fucking the other's spouse pushed me over the edge. Pulling back from David's lips, I wailed out my orgasm only moments before Carl snarled his completion while filling me with his essence.

Ice broken, we'd fucked for hours, freely swapping partners in a hot and sweaty mix and match, sometimes fucking our own spouse, other times not, and occasionally ganging up two on one while someone recovered from the latest brain melting orgasm. I was sure I'd come more times that day than any time before, and maybe since, but I had high hopes that today I'd set a new personal record for the number of orgasms in a single session.

Blowing air out from puffed cheeks, I returned from my memories and paused, panting softly as looking around at the area Nikki and I had cleared. It was easily four or five times the size of our bed, giving us plenty of room, no matter what we wanted to do.
