 This story is inspired by real life experiences of my own and people I know. It has been edited, changed around, and enhanced. (Edited to protect identities.)

We are three empty nester married couple friends in our mid to late forties, Bob and Lisa, Ted and Cindy, and myself, Laura, and husband Jim. We had recently embarked on our own little swingers group, at first just fucking and sucking in separate bedrooms. Then progressing to some voyeur, and recently to some girl – girl between myself and Lisa. 

At the next meeting of The "Players", I said, "Why don't we go with the threesome idea? There are only a couple of ways we can work this out and avoid the spouse thing. Why don't Lisa and I fuck Ted, and Jim and Bob can fuck Cindy." Of course Cindy was only too happy to get the two guys, so it was quickly decided. Lisa and I trailed Ted like a harem to the bedroom. Unknown to Ted, Lisa and I had already worked out a little plan, and I didn't think he'd be disappointed.

Ted seemed surprised when Lisa and I went for each other after we undressed. We gave him a short but sensual show of two women "seducing" each other. We stood and rubbed our tits together, and then moved to the bed where I pretended some resistance before Lisa got her thigh between my legs as she sucked my tits. I "yielded" then and held them together as she ravished me. We rolled over, and I got on top and licked up her thighs. As I got very near her pussy Lisa pretended resistance, so I rolled her over and rubbed my tits on her back and pussy fucked her ass as we had practiced. Our hard breathing was not faked.

Ted was watching of course, and I could see his cock was rock hard. Soon I moved over to him and got between his legs and sucked his cock. Lisa moved over also and grasped the headboard and lowered her pussy to his mouth. At this point he was sucking pussy and being sucked, and you could tell he loved it. We didn't want him to cum too soon, so we rearranged and Lisa got under him. He quickly shoved his cock in her pussy hard. She was hot and aroused, and she moaned and got her legs around him. 

My concerns about the ffm threesome turned out to be mostly unfounded. I hadn't considered the erotic quality of, rather than watching, being right in the bed with two people as they fucked.  I was behind Ted and stroked his back as he fucked it to Lisa.    I leaned down and got a very close up view of his cock going in her and pulling back. From this range I could see her juices oozing around his cock. Soon Lisa was saying. "Fuck mee," and they were in a romp toward their climaxes. She thrust her hips against him as he fucked her fast and hard, and they both cried out and came. Their thrusting forced cum and juices from her fucked pussy to leak out on to her thighs.and ass

We did a little more sensuous, feverish girl – girl, and got our licking tongues very close to each other's pussies. Then Lisa sucked Ted hard for me. I was almost cumming by now, and I got under him with my legs over his shoulders so he could pound my pussy hard 'til he came after I went off. We were fucking in the "wet spot" left by Lisa and him. Soon I moaned, "I'm cumming," and pushed back hard against him as my orgasm washed over me. He worked my dripping cunt over good then as Lisa leaned in and whispered, "Fuck her. Cum in her." Soon after, his throbbing cock jerked and I felt his hot cum spurting deep in my pussy. The "wet spot" was very wet when we finished.

Everyone was pretty wired after the threesomes. Cindy hinted that the guys had fucked her senseless, and her pussy would be sore but satisfied for a week. I couldn't wait for that experience myself.

* * * * * *

Our little swingers group seemed to be doing very well. The women met informally now and then to voice any concerns, although there usually weren't any. I think the men did too, although their meetings may have been on the golf course or wherever. We three women had been told we were attractive and had a sense of style, but sometimes with the dreaded words said or implied "for our age".

Lisa did bring up a concern at this meeting. She said as with all of us the swingers group had heightened her husband's interest in sex, and now and then she noticed Bob looking pretty intently at attractive younger women. Cindy said, "Yeah, same thing with Ted sometimes." I said I hadn't really noticed that with Jim, but maybe I wasn't paying attention. 

Cindy thought a minute and then said, "What if we arranged for them to fuck some non threatening younger women once in a while to scratch their itch, so to speak?" 

"What younger women did you have in mind?" I said. 

Then Cindy went on to talk about the strip club scene and how that had changed over the years and gotten raunchier with the lap dances and everything short of outright fucking in the clubs. She said many of the girls did private parties for a fee, and it was well known that they would suck cock and fuck for an extra fee. "And the key word for these girls was young, because most of them were 18 to 22," she added.

We thought about this for a minute, and I said, "Well what about us? The male strip show scene has also changed a lot. The young entertainers often spread out in the audience and find victims for stroking, hand jobs, blowjobs and who knows what else. They're also available for private parties, and it is well known that fucking can be had for an extra fee."

Lisa said, "Well let's check that out too."

So here we were in a male strip club for the first time in many years. It was noisy, smoky, drunken and wild. There was a scattering of older women like us, but most of the audience was in their twenties. As we had heard, several of the good looking young guys fanned out in the audience looking for "live ones" among the girls. When a girl was approached there would be drunken encouragement from her girl friends to at least lick off the whipped cream from his cock. If one girl responded her girl friends would usually join in with stroking, hand jobs, or sucking. It was wild.

The guys apparently felt we weren't likely "victims" and avoided us. But one of them finally approached me directly and sprayed more whipped cream on his cock head. Just for the hell of it, I guess, I calmly wiped the whipped cream off his cock with my hand and almost deep throated him. Now Lisa and Cindy were going wild with encouragement, and they started feeling up his ass and chest. When I finished giving his cock a few strokes with my mouth they gave him some head too. The crowd was rocking.

It was decided we would go ahead and arrange for a private show with three girls for the men and pay the extra fee for them to get some sucking and fucking from some very young mouths and pussies. We would have liked to have been a "fly on the wall" for this, but it was their deal and we stayed out of it.

Now it was our turn as we waited for our young studs to arrive. It was agreed this would be primarily a party with the sex as a side matter. If we enjoyed the sex, fine. If we didn't, what the hell. So we were tanking up on some wine when they arrived in their "YMCA" type outfits. They had a boom box and some other props and soon started in with their routines. Fairly soon they were down to just hats and thongs. Soon after that it was 'between shows", and they shed the thongs. The music was still going but turned down some. The young stud who approached me may have been the most well hung of the group with almost a nine inch cock. We had told them to forget the messy whipped cream. He got that thing right up near my face, but instead of sucking him I grasped his ass cheeks and kissed and licked his hard belly. I glanced around, and it was a strangely erotic scene as the guys stood between the clothed women's open legs and fucked their mouths.

I wouldn't have minded if we had stayed right there and sucked, fucked, and traded them around, but first Cindy and then Lisa vacated to the bedrooms with their young studs in tow, so I did too. When we got in the bedroom I quickly got completely naked. His body was good, no question about it, and I wanted to lick and stroke it all over. I started with his hairless chest and worked my way down to his belly again. Then I got behind him and stroked, licked, and kissed from his shoulders down to his ass cheeks. I wrapped my arms around him from behind and mashed my tits into his back while stroking his front from his thighs, over his balls, cock, and belly to his chest. I squeezed my pussy against his ass and humped him several times. By this time I was breathing hard, and it occurred to me I might be able to get off doing this.

This was a very athletic young guy, and he wanted to balance across me on his hands and feet and fuck my mouth. This gave me good access for stroking my very wet pussy. I fingered myself and began a patting motion with my hand almost guaranteed to bring me off. It was different and nasty as he fucked his big cock into my mouth from above. He couldn't keep this up for too long, so he soon got my legs up over his shoulders and rammed it home in my pussy. I gasped and pushed back hard. He was on his knees and had good leverage, and soon the bed was rocking. I whispered I wanted him to cum on my face, and his timing was good as he pulled out and shot his big load in my open mouth and on my cheeks and chin. Cum was dripping off my face as I stroked myself to a very wet orgasm.

After I cleaned both him and myself up a bit I told him, "Excuse me, I'll be right back." I left the bedroom and closed the door. I first listened at Cindy's bedroom door, but it was quiet meaning they had probably finished. At Lisa's door the bed was rocking and it sounded like he was pounding her through the mattress. I heard her say, "Oh baby, shoot that cum in my pussy with your big cock. I'm cumming!" I smiled and hurried back to my bedroom.

We talked later, and it seems the sex was better than expected. I mentioned his athletic fucking of my mouth but didn't go into the part about my ravishing his body. Lisa said her fucking was good (I was not surprised), and due to the excitement or whatever she came hard just ahead of his flood of cum. Cindy said her fucking was good, although she liked sucking his dick so well she probably did it too long. He went off pretty fast with a bucket of cum, but was able to stay mostly hard long enough for her to catch up.

We picked up some information from our husbands since this was outside our regular swingers group. Overall, their experience was good like ours. The girls liked showing off their slim but curvy bodies and put on a pretty good strip routine complete with masturbation. Their situation was the reverse of ours, of course, with the girls sucking the men's by then rock hard cocks in the living room before vacating to the bedrooms where the men pounded their young pussies hard and fast.

We weren't sure we'd do this exact thing again, but maybe there were some other things we could do with "outsiders".