 This story is inspired by underlying real life experiences of my own and people I know. It has been edited, changed around, and enhanced. (Edited to protect identities.) All feedback is appreciated, and for the guys I'm curious about something. I've been observing the tall and slim but curvy trends in movie stars and celebrities for some time. Do you fantasize more about some woman with a wide and deep ass and 40 plus DD tits, or the Nicole Kidmans and Paris Hiltons?

We are three empty nester married couple friends in our mid to late forties, Bob and Lisa, Ted and Cindy, and myself, Laura, and husband Jim. We had recently embarked on our own little swingers group, just trading partners and sucking and fucking in separate bedrooms, and thoroughly enjoying the thrill of our planned mutual adultery.

I think all of us wondered what was going on in the other bedrooms at times. My curiosity may have been greater than the others, and I had sometimes listened for clues through the walls. We still had a rule against discussing this with our spouses, but I had picked up a few hints from Jim now and then. It was clear that all three women were "as advertised" – hot, horny, and ready. The men I knew about of course. So it was me who suggested an arrangement where one other person would watch in the room while a couple (not your spouse) got it on. Then the couple watching, if they hadn't already cum, would meet and fuck each other blind.

I guess the others had been thinking along the same lines, so when I brought it up they were enthusiastic. For the first time with this we agreed Ted and Lisa and Jim and Cindy would be the couples. I would watch Ted and Lisa while Bob watched Jim and Cindy. 

The "Players" met as usual, but there was added electricity in the air as we started on this new phase. At a signal I followed Ted and Lisa to their bedroom, and Bob followed Jim and Cindy. A chair had been set up for a good view of the action. The watchers were to be the "fly on the wall" for now and would not participate or comment. I thought I might at least see Lisa with her long legs wrapped around Ted and her heels up his ass urging him on as Bob had once commented. Speaking of heels, I normally kept my strappy ones on as it was something of a turn on for the men even though it was a bit awkward crawling around the bed wearing them. I had reason to believe the other women did too.

I sat down in the chair and told Ted and Lisa, "Don't mind me." I think they were a little nervous to be performing before an audience of one, but I suspected once their juices got flowing they would forget about it.

They remained standing and embraced and kissed. Then more open mouth kisses and tongue fucking. Ted lifted Lisa's dress and was stroking her ass and thigh with one hand. Then both hands as he pulled her to him and thrust his clothed cock against her crotch. He leaned down and licked the top of her tits. Lisa kept her eyes closed and reached one hand down to stroke his balls and cock through his pants. 

By now they were getting weak in the knees, and soon they tumbled on to the bed. Lisa's dress was up to her ass. Ted stroked her pussy through her panties and got one finger in her slit. Then he abruptly slid her panties down her legs. She lifted her legs and held them up, and Ted started licking her pussy lips. Then he got his tongue in her slit and worked one and then two fingers into her pussy. Lisa still kept her eyes closed and spread her legs. She was moaning and turning her head from side to side.

I had been with Ted before of course, but I hadn't seen Lisa "in action". It was a very erotic scene, and I was seeing it live, not on some video. I couldn't resist letting my hand drift down to my crotch, but I didn't want to cum and there was a lot more to go.

Up to now they had been pretty much fully clothed, but they started undressing each other. I'd never seen Lisa naked, and she looked good with her long legs and the heels still on. She pulled Ted's shorts down and his familiar cock sprang out. Lisa immediately deep throated it almost to the base and slowly sucked her way back up. She dribbled a mixture of pre cum and saliva on the head and licked it off. Then she went down to his balls and sucked those, smacking noisily. Back up to the head and she circled it with her tongue and then back down in a deep throat. Ted was gasping and moaning. I thought they probably needed to get started with the fucking before it was too late and they did soon after.

Ted pushed her legs up with his arms and got his cock head at the entrance to her pussy. He moved it around on her pussy lips, and I could tell Lisa was on fire. She thrust back at him and gasped. "Give it to me – now." Ted shoved his dick in her cunt up to the balls, and she spread her arms and gripped the sheet. This was the best view I'd ever had of something like this and Lisa wasn't the only one on fire. I saw his cock going into her and noted how her pussy lips gripped it as he pulled back. He was fucking her with long strokes and gasping how good her pussy felt.

Then Ted's strokes became shorter and faster, and Lisa did indeed get her legs wrapped around him and her heels up his ass. They were getting close now and Lisa gasped, "Fuck me, cum in me." 

"I'm going to flood your hot pussy", Ted gasped back. He shoved his cock in hard and arched his back and grunted. Lisa was right behind him as she humped to her orgasm. I saw her jerking against him, and it was the first live orgasm I'd ever seen. I was usually too caught up in my own to think what it looked like.

I was gasping for breath as they finished, and waves of lust went through me. I had tried to keep my hands off myself during all this but wasn't too successful. My pussy was tingling and leaking juices. I told Ted and Lisa, "That was great, guys", and then casually left the room. As soon as I was out in the hall, I was not casual. I hurried down to the bedroom where Bob and I were to meet hoping he'd already be there. He wasn't yet. I decided to strip off my clothes and be ready for action when he got there. I spread eagled on the bed naked and started stroking my tits. I thought better my tits than my pussy, because I might be cumming with Bob's first few strokes as it was.

Just then Bob came in. He saw me naked on the bed and no words were needed. Bob started stripping his clothes and throwing them aside and was naked with his rock hard cock sticking straight out when he got to the bed. I had my knees up and was ready as he landed on me almost taking my breath away. He pushed his cock into my pussy with one thrust and then raised up on his hands and fucked me fast and hard. I'm sure they could hear our cries of "Fuck me," and "I'm cumming," but we didn't care. I found out later Lisa and Ted did listen at the door.

I couldn't get those erotic scenes of Ted and Lisa out of my mind when we got home. What it looked like when he first shoved his cock in her. The way her pussy lips gripped it as he pulled back. Her contractions and sounds as she came. The way Ted's ass flexed as he fucked it to her. The cum that leaked out and coated her ass and Ted's dick shiny from her juices. I more or less attacked Jim when we got home. I mounted and fucked him with abandon, tossing my hair and talking dirty the whole time. The neighbors may have heard me shouting, "Yesss, Yesss," as I came.

This little experiment had worked out very well, and it got us thinking about the possibility of at least threesomes. Could we handle it? The "Players"" were getting bolder. We'd just have to think about all this.

* * * * * *

The idea of threesomes slowly took hold among The "Players". The threesomes had some merit. I think most women have fantasized about two men ravishing them, and most men have seen themselves fucking two women together at one time or the other.

But if we were going to do it we wanted to do it right such that everybody would have a satisfying experience. One woman could easily satisfy two men, mmf, but it got a little more complicated with two women and a man, ffm. Most ffm videos I had seen included at least some girl – girl action, and we were kind of stuck there.

I thought about Cindy and Lisa, and although I'd never thought of Lisa this way before, she had a certain appeal to me, slightly more than Cindy, although there was nothing wrong with Cindy. Something about Lisa's long shapely legs or maybe some other reason I couldn't identify. I didn't think any of us could handle pussy licking right now, but maybe we could do some other things. I decided to talk to Lisa about it. If it worked out with her, the the idea of licking Cindy's nice shapely ass might take hold.

I took a deep breath before talking to Lisa, but it turned out she had been thinking along the same lines. We talked about what we could and couldn't handle and both of us ruled out pussy licking. I told her I could see myself licking up her long legs to her thighs at least. And she said she could imagine sucking and licking my big tits which she had always admired. It seemed we had a starting place, and we agreed to meet separately for a little practice.

We did meet soon after that, and I had taken extra care with my appearance. It looked like Lisa had done the same. We could have worn Capri pants and flip flops for this meeting, but instead we were dressed pretty sexy including strappy high heels. We moved to a bedroom and decided we would "seduce" each other pretty much like a male – female couple. We sat on the edge of the bed with our short skirts riding high on our thighs. I took a deep breath and started stroking the inside of one of Lisa's bare thighs. That led to her reaching over and fondling my tits through my dress. Then she leaned down and began licking the tops of my tits. I felt up higher under her dress almost to her crotch. I didn't know whether it was from the excitement, the forbidden nature of what we were doing, or what, but our breathing was ragged.

"Let's get undressed and see how this goes," I said. We stripped quickly and stood facing each other. Lisa moved forward and brushed her tits against mine. I reached around and stroked her ass.

"Let's get on the bed," she said. We sank down on the bed, at first just sitting, and then I sort of eased her over on her back. I raised up one of her legs and started licking the calf. Then I moved up to her thigh and then to her crotch looking straight at her pussy which seemed to be wet. Lisa was trembling.

"Now you," I said. She started licking my tits – very gently at first, and then she pushed them together and started sucking my nipples pretty hard. I decided I liked having my tits sucked whether it was a man or a woman, and my pussy tingled and started juicing a bit. I said, "Let's try a pussy rub."

We tried the pussy rub with Lisa on bottom and me on top, but we were getting tangled up and having some trouble with it. I suggested we try something a little different and had Lisa roll over and lie flat with her legs together. I laid full length on top of her with my legs outside of hers and my pussy against the meaty part of her ass cheek and upper leg. I was making this up as I went along, but had read and heard some things about how lesbians satisfy each other. I kissed her neck and back, stroked her sides, and rubbed my tits on her. I found myself behaving pretty much like a man in the final stages of seducing a woman just before he fucks her.

Then I did "fuck" her, humping and grinding my pussy against her ass. Lisa's pussy wasn't directly involved, but my actions were causing it to rub against the bed. I got into it, and we were getting turned on and breathless, and my pussy was juicing. We were really just fucking, and the only thing missing was a cock. My pussy was wet, and I think I could have cum with this, but decided I wouldn't go that far.

Then Lisa tried it on top, and she got into it just as I had. She "seduced" me, and it felt strange but exciting and erotic to have a woman back there stroking me, rubbing her tits on my back, breathing hard in my ear and "fucking" me from behind. I could feel her wet pussy humping against my ass, and it felt good as my clit rubbed against the bed. She stopped then, and I could tell we were both thoughtful about what had happened.

"I want to try licking up your thighs again," I said. She got on her back, and I started off pretty much as I had before with her calf, except my licking was more insistent now. I slowly got up to her thigh, and she was squirming some. I got to her crotch, and I could see her glistening pussy again. I licked very close to her pussy lips, and she squirmed some more. I sort of sighed and moved past and kissed the hair just above her pussy. Then I said, "I can't help it, Lisa. I have to have you." I pretty much ravished her after that, licking and sucking her pussy greedily and finger fucking her with two fingers while sucking her clit. She got her hands on my head pulling me in, and her whimpers turned to little cries. After just a short time of this I sensed she was about to "go off'. She got her thighs around my head, and I buried my tongue in her fuck hole as she writhed and cried out as her orgasm overtook her.

I rolled off her and lay on my back panting. "You don't have to do that to me, Lisa," I said.

"No, I want to," she said. I was so wound up it didn't take her long to get me to a moaning, bucking orgasm. I guess we should have had some second thoughts about what we had done, but we didn't. We had picked a time for this meeting at Lisa's house when we had the whole afternoon. Lisa brought out a rabbit dildo, and we "fucked" and sucked each other for the rest of the day. We agreed we wanted to do it again but decided the pussy licking at least would be our little secret for now. But we also agreed we would later bring Cindy into the circle as far as she wanted to go with it.