 It was late. K and Stephen lay in front of American Pie. The movie was 2/3rds over. The incense was lit; the wine was open and half gone. The lighthearted sexuality of the movie was inspiring lighthearted play which would lead to hard hilarious sex on the pile of couch cushions before the end.

“Hello!  You guys home?” The door slammed open.

Quick scrambling and covering up and zipping pants. “Yeah, we’re in here!”

“I’m done. I’ve had it. That’s it. I’m 18. She can’t stop me. I’m gone!” Jasmine, the neighbor and friend came stomping in ranting in the self-absorbed fashion of the young until she noticed the sexual charge in the room. “Oh. I interrupted?”

“Don’t worry about it.” K answered smiling. “Forget your mom for awhile. We’re watching American Pie.”

“That movie is the bomb! ‘This one time, at band camp’” Jasmine quoted and then burst into giggles. She crawled in between them and grabbed Stephen’s wine glass and downed it.

K pushed down her reservations about giving an 18-year-old alcohol. “Stephen, rewind it some.”

Jasmine snuggled between them. “You guys are so cool. This place is so comfortable.”

Steve hit play and they all focused on the movie. Soon the playfulness returned and all three of them were tickling and toying with each other. When the movie was over, Jasmine bounced up. “I pick the next one.”

She grabbed a movie and popped one in. Exotica – an erotic masterpiece with Isabella Rossilini. Jasmine snuggled back in between them and they all watched the movie. Slowly, the sexual energy changed from playful to passionate. The movie was set in a lavish strip joint obviously meant to celebrate sexually with taste and elegance. They watched as the tormented hero obsessed over the dancer in the Catholic school girl dress. Her dance was exciting to watch filled with sensuality and passion, promising sex – innocent, but electrifying. Stephen adjusted his hardening cock in his jeans. The movie was getting to him. He slipped a look at the women out of the corner of his eye. It seemed to be getting to them too. He could see all four of their nipples through their shirts. Jasmine didn’t seem to be aware of it, but she was absent-mindedly caressing her breasts. K had her hand resting casually between her legs and when she thought know one was watching she slipped a finger under her silk jockey shorts and tickled herself a little. The movie went on. 

The sensuality on the screen continued to increase the sensuality in the room. Jasmine noticed Stephen’s hard cock bulging through his jeans. Her eyes kept flickering back to it from the TV. Too causally she rested her hand on his thigh. Stephen looked down briefly, but then looked back at the screen. Jasmine glanced at K. K appeared to be absorbed in the movie. Jasmine moved her hand onto his cock and stroked it through his pants. She didn’t feel K’s eyes on her watching her. K’s fingers slipped into her pussy. She was honey wet. She played with her pussy while she watched her friend stroke her husband. 

Jasmine loved Stephen’s cock. It was the biggest and thickest she had ever known. She was always amazed at how fast and how hard it got when he got excited. She didn’t realize she licked her lips. Jasmine glanced over at K and saw the older woman fingering her pussy. She smiled at K and opened Stephen’s jeans. She pulled out his hard cock so she could play with it some more. Slowly, she stroked it enjoying the length, width and strength of it while watching the sexy, schoolgirl stripper seduce the Donald Sutherland look-a like. 

K was fondling her clit and flicking her eyes between the television and the pair next to her. It was so incredibly enticing to watch her husband getting stroked by the young nymph. K stroked herself faster. Her free hand cupped her heavy breast and massaged it. Jasmine bent down and took Stephen’s cock into her mouth. Stephen groaned and gripped her hair. Jasmine swallowed as much of his cock as she could, but still couldn’t take the last two inches. It was so thick; it filled her mouth and saliva slid down the shaft. Her tongue tickled the underside of it. She bobbed up and down on it. She made sure he was nice and excited than stopped. 

“That’s just a taste for right now. Now you have to watch.” Jasmine sat up and unbuttoned her blouse and looked over at K. She wasn’t wearing a bra and her creamy B-cup breasts were immediately exposed. K watched hypnotized as Jasmine twisted and tweaked her cherry red nipples. K slipped off her own top presenting her own heavy firm breasts to the candle lit room. She caressed them and their hard nipples, which quivered with excitement. 

Stephen ignored the movie and watched the two women’s tit play - the younger girl with her tiny, succulent tits and his wife large voluptuous breasts – heavy, ripe and firm. Jasmine eyed K’s boobs longingly. Suddenly, she leaned over and squeezed one. K sighed. Jasmine kneaded the breast, enjoying the heavy soft feeling. K leaned back and let her hands fall to the floor. Jasmine surprised her by eagerly squeezed both breasts. She was acting like a little girl masturbating for the first time. She smooshed them together. She slapped them and watched the wave ripple across. She pulled the nipples way out and flicked them with her fingers. Then, shyly, she started to bend her mouth to one. She stopped and looked at K who nodded. Jasmine bent her head and stuck out her tongue and licked one of K’s nipples. She did it again and again. She spontaneously sucked the whole nipple into her mouth and nursed. Her hands lifted the breast closer to her face. She suckled. She chewed. She nibbled. She bit. 

Stephen couldn’t stand just watching. He stroked Jasmine’s tight little ass. He slipped his hand between her legs and pressed against her pussy through her jeans. Jasmine’s hips thrust forward rubbing her clit against the thick seem of denim. Stephen’s hand left the stiff material and slipped up the pant leg of his wife’s satin boxers. She was drenched. He easily pushed 2 fingers inside. She thrust against them desperately. He fingered her, relentlessly. All the while never stopping stroking his own cock. He was hard as hell and desperately wanted to pound the fuck out of one of them. But this was obviously about his two women right now.

Jasmine was switching back and forth between each breast – devouring them. K put one hand on either of the girl’s cheeks and pulled her up and kissed her deeply. The two women made out passionately. Pressing their bodies together. Their breasts mashing together. Jasmine’s bright red nipples stark against the chalk white of K’s alabaster breast. Stephen reached up and slid Jasmine’s blouse off. K reached up and cupped Jasmine’s tiny boobs. Her thumbs rubbing the nipples.

Finally K broke the kiss. She looked over Jasmine’s head and nodded to Stephen. He helped ease Jasmine backwards. The girl let herself be laid back on the cushions. Kay stretched over her and whispered, “My turn.”

She kissed Jasmine lightly on the lips. Kissed her cheeks, her eyes, her nose. She slid down and kissed each nipple lightly and then suddenly swallowed one entire breast like she was deep throating a cock. Jasmine let out a little scream and tried to sit up. Stephen's hands gripped her shoulders and held her down. “Hey, wait a minute.” She exclaimed looking up at Stephen. He grinned evilly and shook his head. Jasmine looked down at Kay who looked up in evil delight. She let go of one boob and deep throated the other. The she played - gently at first, but slowly building up to lightly painful torture. Twisting became nibbling became nipping became biting. Caresses moved to squeezing – harder and harder. Kneading turned to squeezing. At first, Jasmine whimpered and struggled but Stephen just held her down and laughed quietly. Slowly, she relaxed and the pleasure in the sensations emerged for her. Soon she was moaning and threshing about -her hips bouncing off the floor.  

K licked the bottoms of Jasmine’s tits. She licked lower, teased the belly button and slid down to her pussy. God, she loved the taste of Jasmine’s pussy. Tart and tangy – like a nectarine. She snuggled deeper into Jasmine’s snatch. The taste, the smell the texture of Jasmine. Goddess! She couldn’t get enough of it. Usually Jasmine was just the slightest bit tense when K went down on her. Just enough to let K know that she wasn’t totally comfortable with lesbian scenes, but tonight she was completely relaxed and comfortable. K settled down to a nice long, gorgeous feast. 

Stephen relaxed his grip on Jasmine’s shoulders as he saw the girl get into enjoying herself. Jasmine’s hand pulled and twisted on her nipples. Her eyes flickering up inside her head. Scream and mewls. Moans. Gasps. Some loud, some soft. One loud yell as she completely let go and released the explosion K had created inside her.

Stephen moved behind K. Jasmine tried to push Kay away after the explosion of her orgasm, but Kay wasn’t remotely finished feasting. She shifted her position, digging in deeper and thrusting her ass in the air. 

Stephen gripped his wife’s ass like he owned it, and pointed his cock at to her open dripping pussy. He slammed into her with one powerful stroke. Hard and deep - he fucked the hell out of his wife as she ate his mistress’ pussy. She thrust her pussy back. He fucked her deeper. He could hear her moans of pleasure muffled by the tiny girl’s cunt. Jasmine screamed in pleasure and pain. Some given by K, some self-inflicted as she twisted and tortured her own nipples. Jasmine reached orgasm first, shuddering, shaking and screaming with joy. Setting off Stephen's nearly painful blast of cum into his wife. K shot over the edge by the force of her husband’s orgasm into her own explosive orgasm. She collapses exhausted onto the body of her little protégé. Stephen sank quietly next to the two women and they all drifted on the slow, ebbing energy and gently fell asleep.