 This story is inspired by underlying real life experiences of my own and people I know. It has been edited, changed around, and enhanced. (Edited to protect identities.)

*

We are three married couples in our mid to late forties, Bob and Lisa, Ted and Cindy, and myself, Laura, and husband Jim. We had recently embarked on our own little swingers group At first just sucking and fucking in separate bedrooms and then moving to some voyeur, girl – girl between myself and Lisa, threesomes, and sex with younger "outsiders".

The "Players" continued on and were doing very well. We hadn't done foursomes, because it was not workable with only three couples and the prohibition about watching your own spouse. That led to the idea of having special invited guests come in from time to time. They would not be part of the regular Players, and in fact we preferred to have some variety in these guests.

Someone suggested the guests should be at least ten years younger than our mid to late forties. And someone else suggested they need not necessarily be "like" us or compatible with us. We knew that many swinger couples preferred to "float" for variety rather than stay with one group. We all agreed to start working on it. Each couple was to come up with a candidate and then we'd vote and go from there. 

It was not difficult. There was information available in certain publications, on the computer, other sources, and just plain old word of mouth. I contacted one couple in their 30's that looked interesting. I got the guy, and he apologized, but said they had had some personal and work stuff come up and needed to take down their ad for a while. I thanked him anyway and was about to hang up when he said, "But I know a couple you might be interested in. They're new and trying to get started but are having a problem."

I said, "Oh, what's that?" 

He said, "The girl is 18 – barely – but she is petite and looks so young and innocent people don't believe her and don't want to get involved." 

I said, "Hmm, I'll have to think about that."

He went on to say he had verified her age and fucked her recently, and it was a very interesting experience. He said his wife really enjoyed the guy who was 21, well hung, and pretty much a stud. He mentioned his wife did some licking and sucking with the girl too and enjoyed that. He added I might want to hurry, because he understood she was considering turning pro in the porn industry now that she was 18.

I contacted this recommended couple and again got the guy. He wanted to know a little about us, of course, and I told him. He said, "Sure. I like older women and in fact lost my virginity to one. Also, my partner likes girl – girl with older women. Has anyone told you about her?" 

I said, "Yes, and she sounded interesting." 

He said, "She is 18, and we can prove it." I said that was fine. I didn't want to let this one get away, so I set a tentative date and time and said I'd get back to him to confirm.

As I suspected, no one else in The "Players" had a candidate quite as interesting as mine. I mentioned we should probably start off with a foursome with them and if that worked out we might have them back. The men could gang bang the girl while her partner fucked as many of the women as he could handle in one evening. I think that clinched the deal.

They had just arrived, and I think we were all a little shocked. Petite wasn't the word for it – she was tiny. She could easily pass for barely 16 and even younger. Her manner of dress, her small tits, her small voice, and mannerisms all carried that through. Reddish blonde hair done up in two "dog ears", and fair skin. She was dressed in a sort of school uniform. – Navy pleated short skirt and white blouse. At least no knee socks. Just a pair of small black flip flops, and she was swinging one ankle of her slender crossed legs. From this position we could see almost up to her crotch. Her partner was pretty much "as advertised" – a young, good looking hunk, and it looked like there were some muscles rippling under his casual clothes.

Bob and I had drawn high cards for the session with them. My outfit could best be described as "not much". I was wearing a black short skirt split up both sides to show even more of my bare legs and thighs, a low cut sleeveless white blouse tied up to show some midriff, and flip flop style black heels. If I was out on the street I might be approached as a hooker.

Our other couples were going to fuck each other twice and were to feel free to experiment with some things such as little used positions, mild S&M, and fake rapes. Cindy had given me a sneak peek at her velvet handcuffs and whispered she was going to be a virgin deflowered by rape. I whispered back, "Virgin, my ass." Bob and I adjourned to one of the bedrooms with our "guests", Kevin and Mary Ann. 

Bob said, "We don't have a definite plan – maybe just get acquainted and get some clothes off, and we'll go from there." He sat on one corner of the foot of the bed with Mary Ann, while Kevin and I sat on the opposite corner at the head. 

In a low voice I said, "Tell me about this older woman who fucked you when you were younger." He smiled, and I could tell I had struck a chord. He said it was a divorced neighbor lady about 40 who was pretty hot looking with what seemed to him at the time, huge tits, although they really weren't He said he went off like a rocket after about three strokes of her sucking his dick, but that was part of her plan. She quickly got him hard again and then got on top and fucked his brains out. He said they fucked and sucked off and on for about two months in just about every position. Then they almost got caught, and she cut it off. He said he was hooked on pussy after that and he got a lot, but never quite duplicated that experience.

"You've been a busy boy," I said. "How did the neighbor lady seduce you?"

"She started stroking my cock and balls through my pants," he said. 

"Like this?" I said as I stroked him. "And then what?" 

"She pulled down my pants and sucked me," he said.

I could imagine the rest. I glanced over and Mary Ann was sitting up but had swung her slender legs over on the bed and had them partly open. She and Bob were kissing, and he was working on getting her blouse off. Kevin's cock was only about half hard when I started feeling him up, but was now getting rock hard. I stopped to strip off my blouse and bra and then worked on getting his pants down. His big cock (and I knew it would be) sprang out, and now I was stroking it bare. I glanced over again, and Bob had Mary Ann's blouse off and was pulling her panties down. I saw her pussy come into view.

I mashed my tits into Kevin's chest and then slid down and slowly deep throated his cock as I cupped his balls. I repeated this a couple of more times and then told him, "You're not going off like a rocket." He said no, he wasn't, but it felt good. Now Bob had his shirt off and was licking Mary Ann's small tits, and had his finger in her pussy. She was down to just the little skirt which was up around her ass. Mary Ann was humping his now two fingers and was feeling for his cock.

I nudged Kevin over on his back and moved up until my tits were right in his face. He started licking them and sucking my nipples. I moved my thin panties to one side and pushed his cock into my pussy. Then I got my hands down on each side of his chest and humped him several times. "Is this the way she fucked you?" I said. 

"Yes," he said, "And it felt good then and now." 

When I looked over I saw that Mary Ann had Bob naked on his back and was stroking and sucking his cock. Her hair "dog ears" were swaying. I could tell the foursome part was not going to work out at least for the first go around. I think Kevin wanted me to fuck him like the neighbor years ago, and I think Bob wanted to fuck this little pussy until his cum was dripping out of her.

Kevin and I quickly got completely naked, and I paused to admire his hard young body. I kissed and licked down from his chest to his belly and then over his cock and balls. I mounted him again and dropped my pussy all the way down. I sat up straight on his cock and humped and circled it. Then I leaned forward on my hands to rub my tits on his chest and pick up speed and leverage. I continued on, and we were getting pretty frantic with our lust. Just then we both started into our final throes. I panted and humped to orgasm as I felt his cum filling my pussy. Somehow, I imagined the neighbor woman being fairly quiet as she came so as not to scare him, so I did the same.

I looked over and Bob's cock was fucking into Mary Ann from behind as she leaned back on her hands on top of him with her tiny feet balanced on his thighs. From this view it struck me that although her body was small and slim it was strangely curvy. At first I wondered about her potential in the porn industry, but, especially with what she was doing, I could see it now. Without missing a stroke she moved to sit up straight on his cock with her legs back along his sides. Bob's face was contorted as he neared his final thrusting. We could clearly see his cock, shiny from her juices, as she rose up on it. They both came soon after, and it seemed strange to hear her small voice saying, "Fuck me, fuck me." Despite the fact I had just cum, a wave of desire went through me as his cum leaked out of her upright pussy on to his thighs.

As the men recovered, I kept glancing at the girl, and I noticed her looking at my tits. I thought it might be my place as the "older woman" to approach her for some girl – girl. I moved over and stroked her. I moved my tits near her face, and she seemed to resist. I quickly backed off, but her resistance was fake as she pulled me back and buried her small face in my tits and sucked and licked them greedily. Later I didn't pull away when she seemed to resist sucking my pussy, and instead pulled her mouth into it and moaned.as she ravished me. Some of the rest of what happened is lost in a partner swapping haze of lust, but I know I had multiple orgasms. I remember Bob fucking me from in front on his knees, while Mary Ann got her pussy directly over my face as Kevin fucked her from behind. Some of his cum and her juices dripped on to my face. There is controversy about whether women can ejaculate, but I now side with those who say we can. 

I was distracted for a week or so after this experience and fucked Tim almost every night and masturbated daily. I was almost tempted to take him up on it when some guy hit on me in a restaurant bar. Was I becoming an addict? We had Kevin and Mary Ann over again the next time. The men fucked Mary Ann one at a time while Kevin fucked the women. I went last in case he wasn't up to three of us. Not to worry. I got the longest fuck, of course, and came for the second time as he finished. I think everyone else was through and may have heard my cries as he fucked it to me. Right after that Mary Ann did indeed turn pro in the porn industry. She agreed to keep in touch and let us know when her first DVD came out.

The "Players" agreed to do something like this fairly often and be alert for any candidates including "virgin" swingers. Lisa and I "deflowered" Cindy into girl – girl in a tangle of tits, asses, and pussies.

I think at least a couple of us acted out a fantasy when the women all dressed like sluts, and the The "Players" went separately to a club and pretended to be strangers. Everyone got at least half drunk, and our scheduled partners "picked up" their woman and went to separate rooms in the same sleazy motel. The men groped us and stripped off our slutty clothes as we pretended brief drunken resistance. They pulled our mouths down on their cocks, and then fucked our pussies roughly from behind, and we "resisted" again before they fucked us up the ass. The "Players" were getting bolder all the time.