 Cherise and I lay in bed basking in the glow of our new relationship for another thirty minutes or so. I told her I wasn't used to the wham bam thank you ma'am sex we just had. I was used to slow love making. She thought for a few moments then replied she'd like to try that next time. I thought that sounded good so, we kissed each other goodbye and headed to separate showers. My third one of the day and hopefully the last. 

Around midafternoon Susan rolled back in, I was out in the shop when she burst in, tear stained cheeks on the verge of sobbing once more.

"Daddy, can I stay here with you?"

"Of course, sweetheart what happened?" 

She shuffled over to my wide open arms acting like the little girl she once was. I wrapped my arms around her as she sniffled, she reciprocated holding me tight as she told me her troubles.

"Well, two little kids in my apartment building were playing with hand cleaner and matches. They started a fire and now all my things are drowned!"

The tears flowed as she continued, "I was able to get my laptop and some clothes out but they said I couldn't live there until the investigation was complete. All my stuff is ruined!"

"It's okay sweetheart. What about the kids? Did anyone get hurt? Do you have insurance?"

"No, nobody got hurt, thank goodness and yes I have insurance. I think they took the kids away or something like that. I sound like a materialistic bitch whining about my stuff. I'm sorry, daddy."

"It's okay, you're upset. Why don't you go in the house and relax. Cherise is in the guest room, you can have your old room back. It will be nice to have you around again. I don't get to see you as much as I'd like and I think it will be fun having both of you girls running around again just like when you were little."

She sighed then kissed my cheek, "That's why you're the bestest daddy ever. Yes, it might be fun hanging out with Cherise for her last week as a single woman. I'll go tell her maybe. I can talk her into going shopping with me. I need something to wear for work next week. Luckily, my dress for the wedding is still being altered."

Then she giggled, "Think you can put up with the two of us for a whole week?"

I laughed, "Do I have a choice?"

With a big grin she replied, "No, bestest daddy in the world you don't."

I felt sorry for her and now for Cherise since Susan's presence might put a damper on Cherise's wild oats sowing campaign. I felt bad for myself too. I was beginning to enjoy the thought of her in my bed each night.

I got another kiss and off she went. I stood there remembering last night, her sucking on Debbie's breasts being so submissive. She's not like that at work I'm sure and here she was acting like a little girl again. I'd have to think about that for awhile. Then I recalled Debbie's card in my dresser drawer. Maybe I should call her to find out what she wants. It could be interesting.

I finished up my project then headed into the house. The girls were finishing getting ready to go shopping. Cherise gave me a 'sorry!" look since now our little affair might be over before it really began. I shrugged my shoulders mouthing 'oh, well'. 

I got a kiss on the cheek from both of them before they headed out the door. I thought about calling Debbie but I didn't want to leave a message and have her call the house with the possibility of one of the girls answering. So, I just went about my usual Saturday taking care of things around the ranch.

The girls got back around nine. They had called earlier and said they were meeting some friends and wouldn't be here for dinner. I was reading when they came back, hands full of bags from various clothing stores. I said hello as they passed by me heading to their rooms to put things away. About a half hour later they both came out dressed in their night wear. Susan in her panties, tee and fuzzy slippers, Cherise in shorts and a tee. 

They sat down on the sofa which last night was Cherie's perch when she spied me. I was sitting in my big lounge chair that my darling daughter used to nurse Debbie, her new found 'mommy'. They looked so damn cute and sexy sitting there I almost got a rise out of it. 

"I assume you two had a good time shopping today."

Susan tucked her legs under her butt on the sofa, giggled, "How did you guess?"

"Oh, the amount of bags you brought in kind of gave it away."

She smiled back, "I needed something for work next week, daddy. I hated to buy all that stuff but it was fun."

Cherise sat back and enjoyed our little banter back and forth. We talked for about an hour then I excused myself and went to bed. I could hear them giggling and talking softly until I fell asleep. Around midnight I felt the bed move, opening an eye I saw Cherise slip under the covers in the dim light of my room.

Her face close to mine she whispered, "Hello, daddy."

I whispered back, "Hello, baby. I didn't know if you were going to come tonight."

"Oh, I'm sure I will," she giggled back.

I smiled as I scooted closer, "Silly, did you close the door?"

"Yes, I did and Susan has been asleep for at least half an hour. I was reading in my room when she went to bed."

My hand slipped over her to pull her closer to me. I kissed her cheek not knowing exactly where her mouth was. She turned her head to meet my lips and we began making love. I traced her curves with my finger up and down her body, telling her how beautiful she was and how much I desired her. 

Kissing her neck, face, and lips as my right hand softly grazed over her warm soft skin. I took my time exploring her as she moaned quietly next to me.

I traced her tummy down to her hip with my fingertip, at her hip bone I moved further south following the little 'V' towards her mound. There I brushed her velvety soft landing strip as I moved over her to suckle one breast. She rolled onto her back as I nursed, sucked, licked her soft nipple which became quite hard in my mouth. My finger teasing at her thighs, moving up and down each one enjoying her curves. 

I slipped my other arm out from under me as I shifted my mouth to her neglected breast. My left hand played with the nipple I just abandoned and my mouth now began to suckle and devour her other breast. I rolled half way on top of her so I could more comfortably play with her breasts as I fiddled between her legs.

The right hand began massaging her now moist nether region. Palm moving down her then two fingers back up over her lips with a slow and careful rhythm. I could feel her anticipation rising as I hungrily suckled one breast as I pinched and rolled the other in my fingertips. The hand between her legs playing with her damp folds, slipping in between them inconsistently.

She lay somewhat underneath me, moaning quietly as I continued my efforts to please her. I could feel her breathing increase as she became more aroused. Her arousal delighted me and stimulated my flaccid penis to a heightened state of readiness.

Pinching and biting her nipples seemed to arouse her more than just sucking so I focused on that as I spread her lips with one finger. At that she gasped, reaching down and pushing my hand into herself. I got the hint, moving two fingers within her. Slowly, carefully up and down inside her, my digits warming her up for the grand finale. Her body was twitching and short gasps of delight reassured me I was doing what she wanted. 

I focused on the upper part of her delectable pussy, massaging her clit which sent her skyrocketing into oblivion. My mouth, along with both my hands were working this sweet soon to be bride into a sexual frenzy. Her moans grew louder as her body bucked and rolled reacting to my manipulations. 

Suddenly, she shuddered, placing one hand over her mouth. She convulsed and cried out into her hand to deaden the noise she would have made. She kept her hand there as she squirmed and thrashed about in the bed under me. Her legs clamped down on my hand stopping my fingers from their delightful task. As she bucked one last time she came to rest flat on the bed. I backed off slightly letting her enjoy my efforts still a bit more gentle as she returned to reality. When she was through the main part of her euphoria, she uncovered her mouth, her body's reactions subsiding as she lay there panting.

I slowed my kissing, removed my hand from between her legs to just snuggle next to her. She turned sideways cupping my face in her hands and kissed me. 

Catching her breath, "Wow, that was amazing daddy. You hit my spot. Eric hasn't done that without me telling him what to do."

I whispered to her, "He does his best I'm sure. He wants to please you and he does love you. I might have a couple of years more experience at this, sweetness."

"I know, I won't compare him to you again. It's not fair to him or you. I'm sorry."

"It's okay. Elizabeth sort of trained me as to what she liked. You need to do that with Eric. It takes time and you two will figure it out."

"So, what about you? You still have a really nice growth there daddy," she giggled, her soft hand massaging my dick.

"I wanted you to cum first, sweetness. That's another thing I learned over the years. I tended to go off too soon in Liz because I felt so damn good inside her. So I would let her cum and then we'd take care of me. Sometimes I'd go down on her and then we'd screw or we'd do this and I'd get a blowjob. Sometimes only one of us would cum. When you love your partner you sometimes put them before yourself."

"Well daddy, you certainly fulfilled your end of the deal. Now with your permission, I'll do mine."

I smiled, "Be my guest, sweet one."

She kissed my lips once more then proceeded to kiss her way down my body. Tossing the sheets back, she bent over my swollen, patiently waiting dick. She traced him lengthwise with her index finger up from my balls to the dripping tip, then back down causing him to twitch with excitement. She cupped my balls with one hand then pulled him vertical with the other. I could feel her soft lips sweetly kiss his tip then encircle his head. I shivered as she lowered her mouth over him. Slow at first, she worked him in and out of her mouth her, warm saliva coating him. 

I hadn't had a blowjob just like I hadn't had any sex for at least two years. The softness of her mouth, the feel of her saliva dripping down me was almost too much to bear. I closed my eyes, my hands by my sides, relaxed and let her go to town on me. 

I placed my hands under my head as I listened to the slurping, sucking sounds she happily made. She paused every few seconds to lick and kiss the entire length of my shaft telling me how good I tasted and what an amazing dick I had. She continued boosting my ego until I couldn't stand it any longer. I told her I was close and her reaction was a mumbled moan of delight. I moved my hands from under my head, placing them on hers as she bobbed up and down on me. 

"Damn, woman that feels amazing. Almost there." I whispered.

She moaned again as I shot my sperm free load into her mouth. She took it all in, gulping a couple of times as I spurted into the back of her throat. She continued jerking me and massaging my balls as she swallowed every last drop, milking me dry. She didn't quit until my soldier was almost completely at ease, then she kissed him on the top of the head with a giggle and scooted back up to me.

"Hi, daddy." she giggled. 

"Hi, baby. That was lovely. Thank you."

"You're welcome. I enjoyed it too. Kiss me?"

"Of course."

She moved over me kissing me full on the lips. We stayed like that for quite some time kissing and cuddling, quietly talking as we had the first time. She played with the hairs on my chest, twisting them with her fingertips as we lay in the dark. I loved how she felt against me, warm and sweet. I think it was around one thirty or so when we both yawned in unison, laughed and then concurred she should get back to her bed. We kissed goodnight before she slipped from the bed and snuck back to her room. I lay there for a bit longer delighted in our love making. I had worried a bit that I wouldn't please or I'd have trouble performing. Tonight those fears were brushed aside and buried. Having Susan here would be something we'd have to deal with and if tonight was any indication, I didn't think we'd have a problem. 

I closed my eyes and quickly fell asleep, a smile on my face and a happy heart in my chest.

Sunday morning arrived too soon just like Saturday. I got up and did my usual shower, getting dressed and feeding of the livestock. The girls slept in until ten then made their own breakfasts, then apprised me of their day then headed to the mall or where ever.

After lunch I went out to the shop, locking the door behind me, I reviewed the security camera footage of Friday night. It was like a really long porn without sound. The slow methodical seduction of the girls by the dancers was very erotic. I felt dirty watching it while at the same time extremely turned on. My little girl sucking on Debbie's spectacular breasts floored me. I never pictured Susan being so submissive especially to another woman. Of course I never pictured either of the girls having sex with another woman or anyone else for that matter. 

When it was over I sat thinking about it, along with the fact I was now screwing Cherise every chance she gave me. What had gotten into me? I know if Liz were still alive none of this would be happening, at least on my end. 

I sat there contemplating my situation when the phone rang. I answered it to hear Debbie's voice on the other end. 

"Hello, Mister Hayes?"

"Yes?"

"This is Debbie Gram, the blonde dancer from Friday night."

"Hello, Debbie. What can I do for you?"

"Mister Hayes, I really don't know how to ask this but, were you recording us Friday night? I also thought I saw you watching us from the hall. Cherise saw you too."

"Is that why you snuck into my bedroom and left me your card?"

"Well, I don't mind you watching me. Your daughter is pretty kinky if you didn't know. I just want to be sure that recording doesn't end up on the internet. Seems kinda pervy to me watching your daughter have sex."

"Debbie, one, she's my step-daughter, two, yes, the security cameras were recording and three, I was in the hall watching. I know it's pervy, I apologize for that. I don't know why I was watching you all. I have no excuses and no it won't end up on the internet, I promise. Cherise and I have already talked about it. I will erase the hard drive and you can witness it if you'd like."

"You haven't talked with Susan? Mister Hayes, I sort of trust you but I don't, know what I mean?"

"No, I haven't told her what I saw. I don't think she saw me and unless you told her, she's not aware and I'd like to keep it that way. I do know what you mean and that's fine. Do you really think I'd put that recording online and ruin both Susan and Cherise's lives? They are my girls and I love them both. The system will record over it; there are twelve cameras feeding it in the barn, riding arena, and around the house and property. It's probably gone now anyway."

"Well, okay, yeah I guess you're right. I'm sorry."

"It's fine, I'd be worried too if some old pervy guy watched and recorded some cute girl devouring my enhanced boobs like she was famished."

"Oh, Mister Hayes, I don't think you're THAT pervy. Guys like watching women with each other and yes, she was a bit eager. Not that I minded at all," she giggled.

"I kinda guessed you didn't mind. I don't think either of the girls were disappointed with your performances. Thanks, is that all you needed?"

"Yes, thanks. I'll be a bit more careful the next time I let a famished girl suck on my boobs."

I laughed, "Okay, well we both learned something I guess. Take care, bye."

She said bye and hung up. Now all my guilt regarding watching the girls was gone. No more video and apologies made to the witnesses. I could get on with my life.

The rest of the day was fairly routine; the girls stayed out until after dinner. When they returned we sat around talking about the wedding, Susan's work schedule, and things they would like for dinner the following week. 

We all turned in to our respective beds around ten. I was expecting another visit from Cherise later that night but she never showed. 

Both girls got up early to go to work. I made coffee for them since neither ate much of a breakfast before going to work. They each in turn kissed me good bye, Cherise planting a sloppy one on my lips before heading out while Susan was putting the finishing touches on her pretty face. 

I went about my morning routine making sure to check the security feed to see if the Friday night love fest was erased and it was. 

After lunch the wedding planner stopped by to consult with Cherise and I about placing the trailers that housed the restrooms. She was expecting Cherise to be there but I managed to help her out as best I could. I was surprised they made such things. It beat having everyone use my bathrooms or having port-a-potties for the guests. We went over places to store all the tables and chairs just as Cherise drove up. 

She hurriedly got out of her car to join us. I let the two of them talk then we all went over the staging of events. I kept my mouth shut as they discussed the number of guests who had already RSVPed and what to expect for no-shows and crashers.

The meeting lasted about an hour with all the items on the planner's checklist crossed off. After the planner left Cherise and I stood talking in the kitchen. 

"Not in the mood last night, baby girl?"

She giggled, sliding up to me, her arms around my waist, "You're really getting into this aren't you. No, I figured I'd give you a break. I'm a bit leery about Susan seeing us together."

I smiled looking her in the eyes, "I'll take a break after Saturday. You weren't too worried about her seeing anything Friday night."

"That was different, Vicki isn't her mom or dad. She can be a naughty girl, which you saw. I don't know how seeing you with me would go over with her and I don't want to take a chance."

"I understand. I was a bit shocked seeing the two of you but I'm over that. I did get a call from Debbie. She was worried about me putting the security footage online. I reassured her that would never happen. I also checked the hard drive and it's gone."

"I wasn't going to say anything about that, daddy. I trust you as if you didn't know. I think we have some time before your naughty daughter gets home," she grinned, reaching down to rub my bulge.

"I don't know which one of you is the naughtier one. But, she is my daughter. What are you in the mood for, baby girl?"

She purred thinking for a brief moment, "My body is yours to explore, daddy. You haven't disappointed me and I don't think you will."

Her rubbing of my dick continued as she grinned knowing I'd do my best to please her. We had at least three hours before Susan was expected home. Plenty of time for me to ravage this redheaded beauty whom I'd lusted after all these years. I leaned into her, kissing her mouth with mine as she relaxed in my arms. We stayed like that in the kitchen, building our passion. Then breaking the kiss I lead her to my room. We undressed each other, pausing in between removing everything to kiss and fondle. Something I enjoyed doing to her more than she probably did with me. 

We fell back onto the bed, naked as the day we were born. She moved to the center of the bed and asked how I wanted her. I told her to just lay back and enjoy. She grinned as she scooted up resting her head on the pillows. I laid next to her, arm draped over her, tracing the curve of her hip with my fingers. 

I then began nuzzling her neck, kissing and licking much to her delight. She squirmed and giggled as I tickled and licked all those lovely freckles adorning her delicious body. I moved further south with my lips, my hand moving from her sides to her golden bush. I suckled, nibbled, licked and kissed her breasts while my fingers danced over her lips now moist with her dew. 
