 When Matt awoke, sure enough, Judith was already awake, and she planted a kiss on his mouth again, after which she straddled him. His ostensibly old-fashioned wife was no longer putting up any such pretense. She began riding him, hard, in the cowgirl-style that the others had used the night before. She loved the fact that she was fucking a man who had just boned her sister, her friend, and her best friend. 

"Oh, Matt, you are so fucking wonderful! Don't you see how right I am! This cock belongs in more than one cunt! You should have all the women you want, and no worries about it! Oh, fuck me, honey- fuck your wife right before you fuck her friends again!"

"Oh, fuck, yes, Judith baby! I want to be a stud! I want this for both of us- I want to be a stud for you and me!"

"Ahhh, fucking A! You're my stud, the hunkiest man in the world, and I would be a terrible woman if I kept you to myself! I love you, my hunk, my hubby, my stud!"

"Do you want to fuck around yourself, baby?"

"I'll only do it as a favor, to please my hubby! I'll do anything to stay married to a stud! I want you to be my hunky stud for life! I want to share you every day, fuck you in the evening, knowing that you've been getting laid by other girls! I want your balls drained when you go to sleep!"

"Wow, I'm not sure if my cock inside you is turning you on more, or the idea of it going into other ladies!"

"Both! They are both turning me on- equally! I love that you fuck me every day, and that will not change, but you'll just get laid more often! Oh, God, I'm so fucking wet right now, I could scream!"

"You are screaming, baby! Keep screaming for your stud Daddy, baby doll! Scream for Daddy, scream for your stud!"

"Yes, Daddy! I want to call you 'Daddy' from now on! I want you to be my stud, my hubby, my Daddy!"

Matt just kept fucking his beautiful wife harder and rougher than ever before, and she was clearly getting into it. She was taking a wilder pounding than she ever had, with all of her inhibitions loosened by watching Matt do what he wanted to those other women, her good friends, who had truly helped her out. She wanted to get fucked like a slut now, to be Matt's slut, fucking him and whetting his appetite, and then letting other women satisfy it.

"Why do you like to be call me 'Daddy' so much, baby?"

"I never told you this, but my father fucked me twice a day when I was 17, the last year before I went to college. I never told my Mom, but he was the best lover I had until you. We only did it doggie-style, but it was still better than the missionary sex I had with my high school sweetheart. I also sucked his cock, but I never told anyone about it. 

You sorta reminded me of him, because you are such a sweet, but hunky man. I never figured out why I wanted you so much, until last night. You had the same cock, the same kindness, and I hoped subconsciously, the same insatiable libido. I love a stud, because my best lover until you, my Dad, was a stud, which was how he always made my Mom so hot for him. I wonder if she ever suspected it.

Anyway, he started fucking me after finding my boyfriend's condoms, and he told me to keep screwing my boyfriend, but let him show me how sex was supposed to be."

Matt was stunned again- his wife had once fucked her father! She had committed incest- not exactly something condoned in the Torah. She had lusted for him, had fallen for him, because he had the same admirable qualities as her own father. These thoughts stayed in Matt's head, as he continued pounding his wife's pussy.

Finally, they both groaned, and came as they fucked and thought about her wilder-than-expected past. Judith got very wet as she thought about both Matt and her Dad, who was still alive, and had presumably broken off his affair with his daughter.

"Honey, if you want to start fucking your Dad, it's okay. I just want to be sure that you keep fucking me."

Judith was now the surprised partner, as she thought about it, and agreed. Her sweet Matt understood her need for hunky men and had granted her wish to be married to be a stud, so she would definitely fuck around too, if that pleased him, and what better choice than her Dad, whom she had stopped fucking when she went to college, and never quite gotten around to screwing again.

"Alright, but it's just you and my Dad, ok? I know that sounds unfair to me, but I only love 2 men, and my greatest pleasure is to fuck and share men that I love."

"So, you want to fuck me and your Dad, while sharing both of us with other women?"

"Yes. Speaking of other women, I think that we have an audience."

She was right- Matt's highly vocal sex act with Judith had awakened his wife's friends, who were evidently interested in renewing their flings with him. They looked at him with the most adorable, puppy-dog looks on their faces, as if to beg him to fuck them all. None of them had their breakfast yet, but they were still more horny than hungry, as they showed by reaching over to him, and playing with his dick to get it hard enough for their pussies.

When they had succeeded, which wasn't long afterward, Mallory got on all fours on the bed while the others watched and begged Matt to fuck her hard. 

"Take me, Matt Samuels! I want it in the ass! It wasn't fair that Sam got it in the butt, and I didn't last night. It's my turn to get butt-fucked!"

"Alright, but I want to fuck your pussy, too."

"Yes, fuck my ass for a while, then stick it in my pussy and cum! I want to get pregnant by you, this morning!"

Matt was extremely turned on by that thought, but he present the lube from the nightstand just in case she wanted first.

"No, just shove it in me!"

He did as she asked, pounding her pucker painfully, as she squealed, groaned, screamed, cursed, swore, and generally made the biggest racket. The rest of them had to masturbate. It was just too damn sexy, watching their friend and the husband of their other friend (or sister, in Ruth's case) get it on anally. 

They kept fucking away as the 3 other women watched, getting all sweaty, and definitely putting on a show for their benefit. Matt was presenting the exhibitionist side of himself, and every woman there loved to see it in action, especially Judith. She was playing with herself like crazy, getting all worked up, especially when Ruth took things a little further and got underneath Mallory in a 69, eating her out, and clearly preparing herself for her turn with Matt.

Matt was already horny as it was, and the sight of his sexy sister-in-law eating and being eaten by the hot babe he was butt-fucking was just too much, so he abruptly pulled out, stick his finger into Mallory's ass to pacify her need for anal action, and began fucking her cunt instead. He had to fuck it now, to get her pregnant as planned.

He banged her muff for several minutes, before the stimulation of a cock straight from her own ass set Mallory off, making her climax, in a screaming orgasm, and that sound forcibly ejected Matt's sperm from his sack.

From beneath Mallory, Ruth grabbed his cock for a second or two, fondled it, and then motioned to him to fuck her mouth for a little while, in order to get enough to fuck her pussy. She deep-throated her brother-in-law, doing her level best to stiffen his manhood so he would be ready for her soaking wet cunt.

When he was ready, he entered her cunt missionary-style while Mallory continued to suck on her clit, and Ruth soon found herself out of control, as the spasm of a climax took over. The double feeling of Matt's meat and Mallory's tongue and teeth were just too much for her, and she writhed in her delight for several minutes. 

"Oh, Matt, Mallory, I love this! Fuck me every day! Oh, Judith, I'm sorry, but I have to have your brother every day, please!"

"Don't apologize. I said you'd get more of him, and you'll get more, I assure you! Why would I begrudge my own sister that joy? Oh, Matt, please go along with this, and fuck Ruth every day, alright? I promise that I'll fuck you too, okay?"

"Oh, fuck, this is wonderful! Ruth, your cunt is too good to pass up, and I would never deny my wife something that we'd both like, such as this."

He eventually did cum, because the sheer excitement on the faces of all 4 women in the bedroom was too much for him to avoid ejaculation.

He expected that they would take a break, but Samantha had other plans. 

"Fuck Ruth's ass, please, then my pussy, and go back and forth between them, if you don't mind."

Wow, Matt thought! That was such a hot, steamy request, and he had to grant it as well. He stuck his cock into Ruth's butt, then removed it as Samantha suggested, and put it in her pussy. Then he withdrew as Samantha was starting to get really aroused, and put it back into Ruth's ass. Ruth had not requested anal, but from the look she gave him, she didn't resent it, either.

"Oh, Matt, keep this up, please! Look at Ruth's face! She's straining not to cum- make her cum soon, Matt! Make me cum too!"

Matt removed his cock from Ruth, put it into Samantha's cunt, fucked her some more, then returned to Ruth, giving her harder thrusts each time he came back to her. Both women were getting hotter than hell, and the others were not far off from that point, either. As Matt entered Samantha the next time, she came explosively, drenching his cock. 

He almost came from that, but managed to keep from it, as he fucked Ruth's ass one more time, and then deliberately part of his sperm on the outside of her rectum, and the rest on the labia of Samantha's pussy. He thought that fitting and fair, since they had both helped him cum. 

They all sat back for a second, and then Judith suggested that they go into the kitchen. They needed to recover their strength, after all.

The sequel to this will be in the incest section, since Judith's dad is involved.