 Megan and I had been friends for years, but only recently had they gotten really close... You see, both Megan and me, by the way my name is Sierra, had gotten all these kinky fantasies about getting our guys together for a foursome. Well... I guess they were Megan's fantasies, but she brought me into them and they sounded so good I couldn't resist having them as my own. Megan was gorgeous, I must admit. She has long dark hair and dark eyes, smooth olive skin and a perfect figure with excellent tits. I'm not a lesbian, actually I've been with my boyfriend for years, but Megan... she was something else.

It all started at a party when me and Megan were both drinking, and accidentally spilled to our guys, Nick (hers) and Brendan (mine), that we'd like to get the 4 of us together. For weeks after that all they did was badger us about it, until we finally agreed on a date.

I live out of town, so that Saturday night I came home and walked into my house, only to see the three of them sitting there. I knew what was going to happen, but it still scared me pretty bad. We all left for a walk to try to get a little more comfortable. Your first orgy is pretty scary, especially when it's all planned out...

I was wearing a short black skirt and a tight white blouse, my shoulder length blond hair flowing down my shoulders. Megan was wearing a jean skirt and a tight low-cut blue shirt... which I admit was very flattering to her. We were down at the elementary school when Megan walked over to me and we started whispering. She put her hand on my bare leg, playing with the hem of my short black skirt and said "Are we actually going to do this?" 

I laughed and said "I think we are..." and then she leaned over and kissed me. It was gentle but very meaningful, her full lips pressed against mine and her hand running up and down my leg. By now Nick and Brendan had come over and saw us kissing. 

Nick, being the more adventurous one, sat down in front of us and slowly ran his hand up and down Megan's leg. Then he leaned on his knees and came forward on her; we stopped kissing and she lent back, Nick on top of her. Brendan then came down to me, crouched in front of me he kissed me hard. I knew he was getting turned on, as I started to undo his pants. As I slipped my hand down his pants I looked over at Megan and Nick; he had his hand under her skirt rubbing her pussy over her black thong. I was rubbing Brendan's hard cock as I watched them. Brendan slid off me and whispered in my ear "Here goes nothing baby..." and slowly pulled down my red panties, throwing them to the side.

It was only then that I realized we were going to be doing this in the elementary school park. Megan looked over and me and nodded suggestively. I leant over her and kissed Nick hard on the mouth, pushing him back and straddling Megan to face Nick. She grabbed my legs and pulled me back a bit so that my wet pussy was right over her face. Nick looked down at Megan as she reached her tongue up and teased my clit. I let out a soft moan and bit my lip gently. As Megan started to suck my clit harder I began grinding into her face, riding it, moving up and down, my head back, eyes closed breathing harder and harder. Then Brendan moved in between Megan's legs and pulled off her thong. He lent down and licked her softly, I could feel her body tremble below me.

After only a minute or so Brendan moved up and kissed me on the lips as he teased Megan's dripping pussy with the tip of his cock. Then Megan spread her legs further and Brendan pushed in hard. She moaned and sucked harder on my clit as he fucked her. Nick stepped over Megan in between me and Nick and faced me, his huge hard cock right in front of me. I looked at it for a second and then deepthroated him hard, looking up at him when I could to see his face as he moaned. I was so close to climaxing and Nick knew it, so he pulled me off Megan and pushed me to the ground beside her on my hands and knees. Then he got behind me and fucked my pussy doggy style. Brendan leant down on top of Megan, supporting himself and kissed her as he fucked her missionary.

I couldn't believe I was fucking my best friends' boyfriend! I had my eyes closed and didn't notice as Brendan was moving toward me, until I felt him sliding underneath me. Then Nick pulled out and Brendan slid in. I thought we were just switching, but suddenly felt pressure around my ass hole. I gasped as I felt his finger playing with my virgin ass, inserting one and then two, pushing in and out. I couldn't believe I liked it. Then I saw Megan coming closer. I leant back, still fucking Brendan and this time she sat on his face. Nick was still playing with my ass hole and I could feel his cock exploring it now. All of a sudden he pushed in, a shot of pain ran through my body and I yelled out. 

He put his hand over my mouth and whispered in my ear, "Shh baby... it'll be okay. Just wait honey. Shh..." His soothing voice calmed me down and he pushed in and out slowly, gently. I was getting fucked in the cunt and the ass. I laughed and took it hard, riding both at once, not like I had much choice. I was cumming and started moaning louder, as was everyone else. Brendan was the first to cum, shooting his load in my hot pussy. That alone made me cum, my body jerking up as I screamed with ecstasy. Nick wasn't far behind filling my ass up with his cum, moaning louder than the rest of us... A few minutes later Megan's body spasmed and she came, Brendan licking her hot pussy hard and fast. When she did I pushed her off Brendan and leant on top of her kissing her hard. "This was great," I whispered... She smiled, "Me, Nick and Brendan have been planning this for months baby..."