 My wife Elif and I have been friends with the couple next door, Dave and Figen, for about 6 years. Dave and I are both Americans, and work for the same company, and our wives are both Turkish which is how our friendship started. We do the normal friendship things that couples do, that is go out drinking on Saturday, go on picnics when the weather is nice, and go to the beach together in the summer. We also like playing cards, and have gotten in the habit of playing poker for small change on Friday nights.

But while Dave and I are pretty similar looks and body wise, our wives are not even close to each other. They're both very good looking women, but their bodies couldn't be more different. My wife is tall, almost my height, with fairly large breasts, whereas Figen is much shorter, with an almost little girl figure and a real small ass. And because they were both good looking but so different, its no surprise that Dave and I kind of got the hots for each others wives.

It came out in the open between Dave and I one day at the beach, when I caught him staring at my wife's tits and her hard nipples that were showing through the material of her bikini. I walked up behind him, and told him they were definitely nice tits, and felt every bit as good as they looked. He started stammering and sputtering, and turned three different shades of red, before he tried to apologize. I just laughed and told him to look all he wanted, because I had to admit that I'd stared at his wife's cute little ass more than once. After that, we ogled each others wives openly without either of us getting offended. And we even joked about swapping wives sometimes when we were drunk or high.

But it wasn't us who did anything about it, it was our wives, and it started in our own beds. It began, for me at least, when my wife and I were cuddled up together after having just fucked each other to exhaustion. She told me that she had caught Dave staring at her tits and wondered what she should do about it. I asked her when that was, because we hadn't visited each other for the past two days. She said it was over the weekend, like 5 days before, but it wasn't the first time she'd caught him. I asked why she hadn't said anything until now, and she said she didn't want him and I getting into a fight over it. So she'd waited long enough to mention it so that I wouldn't want to make an issue of it. My next question was why she was bringing it up at all then, if she didn't want me to do something about it. 

She said it was so I could tell her what I wanted her to do the next time it happened. I asked her if it bothered her a lot that he looked at her like that, if it did, I'd talk to Dave about it. She said it didn't really bother her, and was actually flattering in a way. But, she was worried about my reaction if I caught him myself. So I asked her how she'd want me to react if I caught him staring at her tits. She said she was hoping I'd just ignore it and pretend it wasn't happening, which was why she'd brought it up. She liked both Dave and Figen, and if I got mad about something like that, it wouldn't just hurt him, it would hurt Figen too. In other words, she was asking me to just let Dave stare at her tits anytime he wanted to, and not say anything, was that right? She said it was just that she didn't want to make a big thing out of it, and didn't want me to cause a scene if I saw it.

I told her that I could always talk to Dave man to man, without causing a scene, and tell him to stop. She said no, she didn't want me to do that, but she said it so quickly that it made her sound like she was hiding something. So I teased her and asked if the real reason she didn't want me to say anything was that she liked him looking at her tits. She started with the word well, and I stopped her by saying that if she wanted to let him look, I'd let him look. I was proud of her body, and it turned me on to know that others liked it too. Then I showed her that we weren't quite as exhausted as we thought we were, by making love to her all over again.

A couple nights later, the subject came up again, but with a different set of questions. This time she wanted to know if I ever looked at Figen the way Dave looked at her. I hesitated to answer, until she said she wouldn't be mad if I told her the truth. So I admitted there were times when I looked at her ass when she walked by me. My wife said it was good that I was honest, because she'd seen me do it often enough to call me on it if I'd lied. Of course, I asked her why she'd never said anything about it, if she'd seen me do it. She said it was because she found the whole thing funny, since she'd also seen Figen checking out my crotch. That prompted me to ask if she'd ever done the same thing to Dave, checked out his crotch. When she admitted that she had, and Figen knew that she had, I admitted what I'd failed to mention during our last discussion. That is the fact that I'd caught Dave looking at her tits months ago, and we'd agreed there was no harm in looking at each other's wives.

My wife's mock beating of me for being an asshole and telling my best friend he could look at her tits anytime he wanted, naturally turned into us making love. But .afterward, our conversation resumed with my wife asking if I'd ever had fantasies about fucking Figen. I told her that if a man looks at a woman like that, of course he thinks about it, the same way Dave probably thought about it when he looked at her. And, she better not try to deny that she had too, or else why would she be checking out Dave's dick. Then she asked me what kind of fantasies I'd had, and the way she was rubbing my cock when she asked, showed that she wouldn't get mad. So, I told her about them, although they were pretty much standard stuff like what my wife and I did. Just that it would be different doing it with a girl that small, that's all.

She went on to ask if what turned me on about her was how tight her pussy and asshole must be, because of how small she was. And I told her I used to think about that, until the first time I saw Dave naked in the shower at the gym. Then I knew that if he could fuck her with no problem, then I wouldn't have one either. Of course, she had to ask if Dave's cock was that much bigger than mine. I was sure she was looking for material for her own fantasies, but I had to disappoint her by telling her we were pretty much the same size. But, and I swear I felt her ears stand up when I said that, there was a difference between our cocks. I was circumcised, but Dave's cock had never been cut. She was shocked to hear that, because Turkish families won't accept uncut men marrying their daughters, and they always ask the men. But I laughed and said that if Dave lied and told them he was, who was going to ask him to prove it?

She didn't say anything to that, but I'm sure she was thinking about Dave's uncircumcised cock when she started sucking mine a minute later. Just like I was thinking about licking Figen's cunt and asshole when my wife sat on my face after swallowing my cum. But, I think we both felt the conversation had already gone far enough, with admitting we'd both thought about fucking our friends. That's because if we kept talking about it, the next questions would be about whether or not we'd really want to do that. And, I think we'd both have given the same answer to that question, which is why we didn't want to ask it.

Things went on for another week like that, with neither one of us saying anything about the subject. But, that didn't mean there weren't hints and clues that we were both still thinking about it. Things like my wife keeping her eyes closed more often when we made love, meaning she was fantasizing about someone else. And both of us being more horny than normal after having spent time with our friends. There was even a difference in our weekly poker game, and not just on our side of the table. We were all looking at each other's partners more openly, and the girls seemed to be exaggerating their movements to show of their assets. And their were a lot more jokes and sexual comments flying around the table than normal. At least that's how it seemed to me, then again maybe I was just more sensitive to it after the conversations my wife and I had.

That Sunday night though, marked a turning point and showed that my wife was definitely still thinking about this. Like a lot of couples nowadays, my wife and I will occasionally watch porn films together. And, we had a fairly large collection of them that I'd downloaded off the internet. But, like most collectors, I more or less knew every movie I had, and the one my wife started playing wasn't one of them. And, as soon as I saw the people in it, I knew my wife had found and downloaded it herself, and I knew why. That's because the people in the movie were the four of us. Of course, I don't mean us us, I mean people similar enough to us to understand why my wife wanted us to watch it. There were two typical porn movie guys, with bulging muscles and huge cocks. Dave and I aren't built that good, but the fact that one guy was cut and the other not, said they represented us two. And there were two girls, one tall and one short, that represented Figen and my wife. My wife didn't have to say anything at all, her message was still loud and clear. She wanted us to ask that question that we'd been avoiding, but was afraid to tell me that with words.

So, she lay with her head on my stomach, slowly sucking my cock while we watched the movie, hoping I'd understand what she wanted. And, she wanted me to watch it so bad, that she refused to let me pull her into a 69. Although, she did angle her body enough so that I could finger her pussy and her asshole. Not only that, she also dragged out the blow job through the entire 45 minutes of the movie, stopping whenever she felt me getting close. And, there were plenty of those times, like during the ass fucking, and girl girl parts. It wasn't until the final scene, the cum shot part, that she finally let me cum myself. It was the longest and sexiest blow job she'd ever given me, and I think it was because she wanted that film burned into my brain. And to show her that I got her message, I told her to play it again, while I returned the favor and licked her pussy to four orgasms of her own.

When the second showing of the movie was over, and we were laying in each other's arms, my wife shyly asked how I'd liked it. I knew what she was really asking, and I wanted her to know I knew that. So I asked if she meant what did I think about us fucking Dave and Figen like the movie showed. When she didn't answer, and just played with my chest hair, I answered for her. I told her that thinking about her sucking Dave's cock while Figen sucked mine, like the girls did in the movie, definitely turned me on. As did the part where the guys were ass fucking the girls side by side. But, enjoying the fantasy and crossing that line in real life were two separate things. What if she got her hopes up and found out they weren't interested? What if even suggesting such a thing to them destroyed our friendship? I liked them a lot, and I didn't want to lose them as friends. So, we should just keep this little thing as a fantasy, until something told us they wanted it too.

My wife didn't say anything to that, but surprisingly, she didn't get saddened by my response either. Then again, I suppose I'd told her I wanted to do it too, in a way, but only if we were sure Dave and Figen wanted it too. Actually, I was pretty sure Dave would be all for it, especially after all the times him and I had joked about fucking each other's wives. It was Figen that was the real stopping point to me. Yeah, she'd checked out my crotch, according to my wife. But that didn't mean she would really want me to fuck her, or want to suck my cock. And, how would she react if she saw Dave and my wife doing the same things? And, to be honest, after thinking about it, I wasn't 100% about Dave either. Joking is one thing, but how would he really feel if I stuck my dick in his wife?

Well, I got the answers to my questions a lot sooner than I expected, at our next poker game. If I'd thought the sexual tension at our last game had been high, this one really upped the ante. My wife had broken out the weed early on, and we were all pretty buzzed even before we started drinking. Plus, the girls were both dressed in extremely tight fitting clothes, which automatically drew our eyes to their best features. But on top of that, the girls seemed to be actively flirting with us guys, not with words, but with looks and winks, and the way they were playing with their beer bottles. You know what I mean, running their tongues around the top of the bottle when they'd take a drink, or sliding their fingers up and down it when they weren't. In other words, the kinds of things girls did in bars to let a guy know they were interested.

Of course, with the way my wife's shirt showed off her nipples, it was only natural that Dave would stare at them every now and then. But after my wife telling me she didn't want us causing a scene about Dave looking, it surprised me that she called him on it right in front of Figen. She said that if he liked staring at her tits so much, maybe he'd like to see them all the way. And with that, she lifted up her shirt to show them in all their naked glory. Dave's eyes nearly popped out of his head, but all that Figen did was laugh. Well, to make sure Dave didn't get too embarrassed, I said that it was only fair that Figen show hers too.

But Figen said that if I wanted to see hers, I'd have to win the right. When I asked what she meant, she said we could play strip poker, so that she'd have a chance to see what I was hiding too. Dave said it sounded like fun, but since we were all wearing so little, it'd be over too quick. I said he was right, that it'd be more like just getting naked than playing poker. Figen paused for a moment then said she had an idea. We all started the game with $20 as it was, to keep it from being just whoever brought the most money. So why not set a value to each piece we were wearing, and use them as extra cash. But because all clothing items weren't equal, we should give each piece a different value. We talked about it for a couple of minutes and decided our shirts would be worth 5, our shorts 10, and the big prize, our underwear, would be worth 20. That way it would be more of a challenge to get someone naked, and give them some time to make a comeback.

After about an hour of play, it was clear that Dave was doing most of the winning, and my wife was doing most of the losing. We'd all lost our shirts at one point, and since we'd decided you couldn't put clothes back on, we were all topless. Figen and I still had our other clothes, but very little money in front of us. Dave had the same two items, but he also had a lot of the money, whereas my wife only had her panties and a couple of dollars left. And when her and Dave started raising each other, we were sure that my wife would be naked and out of the game because she couldn't match Dave's bets. It was bound to happen, I suppose, since we were drunk and high and playing strip poker. But when my wife bet a blow job against everything that Dave had left, I nearly choked on my beer. Other than that, it was almost silent, because everyone was waiting for everyone else to react.

I figured the protest when it came would be from Figen, but it was Dave who said the first words. He said it wasn't a valid bet because my wife would never pay up if she lost. She of course said she she'd never welshed on a bet in her life, and she wasn't going to start now. So, Dave could either accept the raise or concede the pot to her. Dave looked to Figen for support, but she said that my wife had a valid point. She'd raised his last bet, and since it was an all or nothing type bet, he had to either call her bluff, or give her what was already in the pot. Then Figen pretended to count Dave's money, and said that the value was about right, if my wife threw in her panties too, against everything Dave had, including his clothes. Then Dave turned to me to see what I had to say about it. I took one look at my wife's serious expression, and said that if she was crazy enough to bet it, I was crazy enough to expect her to cover her bet if she lost. Dave looked back at his wife, and she said she was with me on this. If my wife wanted to bet that, she wouldn't interfere when it came time to pay up.

I moved closer to my wife to see what kind of hand she had, and I could see why she wasn't afraid to bet what she did. From the cards already on the table, the best that Dave could possibly have was a full house. Between what was on the table and what my wife had in her hand, she'd gotten a straight flush, and that would beat a full house any day. Then my wife whispered in my ear that she loved me and asked if I loved her too. That may sound like a strange thing to ask me, but it didn't mean what it sounded like. What she was asking me was if I'd still love her after she did what she was planning to do. I still had some small doubts, but if she was willing to risk it, then I was too. So, when Dave said he'd take her bet, and showed his full house, I tried to act as disappointed as my wife did when she told him she'd been bluffing and that he'd won.

When my wife told Dave to come stand in front of her and collect his winnings, I still expected Figen to say something. And she did, but only after my wife had pulled down Dave's pants and started licking the head of his cock. But, it wasn't any kind of protest, it was to ask me if I wanted to play one hand, a blow job against eating her pussy. Dave smiled when she said that, so I said I'd take that bet any day. Except, as soon as I dealt the cards, Figen said I'd won without even looking at them. I asked why she did that, since she could have won and wouldn't she like me to eat her pussy? She said she did that for the same reason my wife had folded when she'd obviously had the winning hand. She wanted my cock in her mouth the way my wife had wanted Dave's in hers. Besides, I'd eat her pussy later anyway, wouldn't I? And this way we'd all get to watch each other during round one.

Since Figen knew my wife had lost the bet on purpose, I had my suspicions that they'd planned this whole thing. And when Dave and I were fucking the girls doggie style, after the blow jobs and eating their pussies, they confirmed it. Figen said it was just like in the movie, fucking side by side like this, and my wife said it would be once we started fucking their asses. I looked at Dave and asked if he'd watched that movie too, and he said he thought we'd both just been played. I laughed at that and said we were all winners tonight, so did it matter who'd played who? He said not at all, and with games like this, who needed cards.

Dave was right that we don't need cards, but we still play with then anyway, although the stakes are higher now. We did have to change the rules a little though, after the first time Figen threw eating my wife's pussy in as a bet. We now play as couples so that the girls can bet things with each other that us guys have to pay up, and us guys bet our wives against each other. But, I think the girls want to go back to playing each person by themselves. That's because my wife keeps hinting how unfair it is that we can bet them eating each others pussies. Not that either one of them complains about having to pay up, just that they can't make the same kind of bets with us. So, with them working on us, the way they did last time, I wonder which one of us they'll get to bet a blow job first.