 It was Friday evening at the end of an unusually long week. I dropped into the local watering hole to grab a beer and unwind. The place was buzzing with conversation, music and laughter. I grabbed a small table near the window, nursed my first beer and enjoyed the view of the sunset. The weekend had arrived and people were there to celebrate. I was there to move into it quietly, others were there celebrating with friends, and two women half way across the room were there to make memories. It was clear the two were playing some kind of drinking game and had been at it for a while. Whatever it entailed, each round ended with laughter and someone throwing back a shot of single malt Scotch. It wasn't only their activity and laughter that attracted my attention. Both women looked around 30 years old, fit and stunningly attractive. 

It didn't hurt that they were dressed to kill. The first was a petite blond, around 5'2", shoulder length hair with big blue eyes. She wore a sheer blue top over one shoulder. The blouse covered her perky tits and stopped a few inches above her navel. She had a barely legal black mini skirt with tan legs that led to black 2½ inch high heels. Her friend was slender 5'7", Hispanic-Caucasian blend with long black hair, big brown eyes and a knockout smile. She wore a white cotton sleeveless button shirt that tied just below her ample 36 DD breasts. She left the top half of her buttons unbuttoned, giving a generous view of her cleavage for anyone who cared to enjoy the view. Her white shirt and brown skin were accented by a short red and black leather skirt with matching red 2 inch heels. Neither wore a bra. Both women were a sight for any eyes, and knew it. I enjoyed the view of the sunset. No one could blame me for the occasional turn to enjoy the view of these two as they partied across the room.

I was caught by surprise in one of these glances seeing both of them looking in my direction. They smiled. I smiled before turning my gaze back to the last rays of light on the horizon, feeling a little embarrassed. Before I knew it, I heard a sultry voice over my left shoulder. "Hi. My name is Rosa." I turned and found my face three inches from erect nipples pushing through her white shirt as she stood next to my chair. I looked up and was greeted by her warm smile. 

"Hi. I'm Carl," I said confidently, working to reclaim my composure. "Would you like to have a seat?"

"Thank you." She sat down in the chair next to mine and crossed her legs. "My friend Candace and I are celebrating tonight and playing a little game."

"What are you celebrating?" I asked.

"My birthday," she said maintaining her sultry voice. 

"Well happy birthday Rosa!" I said with a smile. "So, you are playing a little birthday game?"

"It is a silly bar game we made up years ago with five card draw. We call it 'peanuts.'" 

"Sounds interesting," I said. "How do you play?"

"We each start with ten peanuts to bet. If you win a hand, you keep your peanuts. If you lose, you eat what you bet. It's really more about losing peanuts than it is winning them. The first one to lose all their peanuts has to drink a shot and do anything the other person says. It's usually something embarrassing." 

"And why are you telling me this?" I asked.

"Candace just won," she said looking back at her friend then back at me. 

"You just lost your peanuts," I corrected with a smile.

Rosa's face blushed. "We are very competitive. Candace saw you sitting here and is feeling pretty bold. She has no mercy. I think it is the alcohol. We have never done anything like this before. She told me I had to come over and do whatever I needed to have you let me give you a kiss." She paused, reading the look of surprise on my face. "Really, I had no choice."

"What if you don't get the kiss?" I asked.

"That's not an option," Rosa answered quickly. "We have never not done what the winner has said. If I don't, she will win, and I will never hear the end of it." 

"Well," I said with a smile. "We can't have that."

"So, you don't mind?"

"Not at all," I said, "glad to help you out."

Rosa smiled as she uncrossed her legs and kept her eyes locked on mine. She stood up, bent over and gave me a kiss on the cheek. Her blouse fell open allowing a full vista of her large round tits. "Thank you Carl," she whispered as she stood back up and turned to walk back to her table victorious. Her tight skirt had climbed when she bent over. She left it high as she moved her ass for my enjoyment on her return. 

I smiled at Candace who looked a little surprised at Rosa's boldness and success.

I was glad for the kiss and ordered another beer. Twenty minutes later I felt a hand on my shoulder. Candace kept it there as she took another step to stand next to me. 

"You must be Candace," I said.

"You must be Carl," she answered, clearly a little tipsy.

"So how is your game of peanuts going?"

"Not as well at the moment." 

"I see." 

"We have never taken it to this level before. I think it turned a nasty corner when I sent Rosa over here. Now I am paying for it. "

"So she got your peanuts and there is no turning back huh?"

"No way am I going to let her have the last word. It's not over. She is going to pay for this dearly."

"Sounds interesting," I said. "So, how is the birthday girl answering what you started?"

"She wants me to sit on your lap and give you a big kiss."

"Whoa," I said. "This is getting bold. I don't even know you two," I said pretending.

"Oh please Carl. I can't believe I am asking you this, being a complete stranger. She has totally embarrassed me by sending me over here to ask this. I can't go back there in defeat after she came back so cocky. I can't let her win. She will never let me live it down."

We both turned and looked over at Rosa. She smiled back with a look of self-satisfied victory. "Please," she begged. "What would it take?"

"You sound confident and eager."

"Anything," she said. "I want to get her back, but can't unless I go through with this."

"I tell you what," I offered. "I will play your little game on one condition."

"Thank you Carl, she interrupted desperately. "Name it. What do you want?" asking with a conniving determined tone in her voice.

"I just came in here tonight for a beer. Now you brought me into your little game," I said. "But I am just a pawn. You're making me a boy toy for you two to up the ante with -- to outdo each other."

"I had no idea that would happen when I sent her over here," she said feeling guilty.

"But you did, and now she did, and here you are." 

"Your right," she conceded. "So, what's your condition?" she asked now feeling more embarrassed for bringing me into this. 

"I am either fully in the game or I am out" I said feeling a new level of boldness. "Why don't you two move the game over here? The game continues without anything weird or dangerous, but otherwise no holds barred -- anything goes."

"You want to play?"

"I already am playing," I answered. "I became part of your game when you sent Rosa over here. So, now that you have invited me into your little game, I think the least I should get is equal peanuts."

"I don't know," she said hesitantly. "That's just ..."

"Enjoy the walk back," I said playfully impatient as I began to turn back toward the window. "It will be a nice birthday gift for Rosa to win so easily."

"Wait," she said looking over at Rosa then back to me. "OK, I agree," she said with determination. "You seem like a nice guy and I am not going to let her win. You're in, all the way, anything goes."

"Very good," I said.

"I just don't know if Rosa will agree."

"That's not my concern," I answered. "That's up to you. I'm in, or you lose. You will walk back empty handed and will never hear the end of it from Rosa."

"How can I get her to agree? She has nothing to lose."

"Change that," I offered. "She's your friend. Does Rosa want to win like you?"

"Even worse," Candace said. "She's very competitive. That's why she sent me over here as revenge for what I did to her. She will not want to lose on her birthday."

"Perfect," I said. 

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"The next time you win," I explained, "you lay the terms out that I am all in and she has to go along with it."

"What if she doesn't agree?"

"She told me that's not an option. Even If she does refuse, raise the ante to motivate her with the consequences."

"Like what?" she asked.

"I don't know. Tell her something like the only other option will be for her to stand up on the table where you two are sitting and do a full striptease for everyone in the place enjoy."

"I can't ask her to do that!"

"I thought you wanted to win Candace? She certainly didn't hesitate to send you over here as revenge, and it looks like she has no problem watching you squirm."

We both glanced back over at Rosa. She smiled with bold cocky arrogance. "Wow, I added, she is really enjoying this and at your expense."

"That is about to change," Candace answered with vengeance in her voice. "Consider yourself in the game Carl. It's a done deal."

"You sound confident."

"Never more so," she said mounting my lap, readying to complete her assignment. Her skirt hiked up. "It's a deal. You're in, no holds barred." She put her arms around my shoulders ready to kiss me. I put one hand around her back, and the other on her exposed thigh. She moved her ass purposefully on my lap in response. "I guarantee it," she said looking to Rosa to make sure she was watching.

"What kind of guarantee?" I asked. 

"Doesn't matter," she said. "Anything. It is going to happen."

"Well, it seems fair," I said, "if her only other option is a striptease on your table, that the only other option for you, if Rosa doesn't agree, would be for you to do a striptease on mine."

Candace smiled deviously. "You drive a hard bargain Carl." She slipped her fingers into the small pocket in the back of her skirt and pulled out her driver's license. She put it on the table and said with inebriated confidence "I guarantee it. Either you are all in or I trade my driver's license for my clothes through a striptease you will never forget." She felt my growing member harden under her ass. She leaned forward and gave me a deep passionate kiss, more than fulfilling her obligation to the game. 

"You have no idea what you have started here, Carl," she whispered as she stood, allowing her breasts to brush past my face. 

"I believe you started this," I answered as I picked up her driver's license as collateral. "Oh, and good luck Candace. She got you to kiss me this time. If she wins again, who knows what she'll make you to do next time."

"Like I said," Candace said as she began to make her way back toward Rosa, "you have no idea. Somehow losing this time feels a like I just won."

Candace walked back with purpose straight toward Rosa. "Your ass is mine birthday girl," she said as she arrived at the table.

"Looked like you two were having quite a time of negotiation," Rosa answered with a cocky smile. "I was beginning to wonder if you still had what it takes."

"Give me my peanuts and deal the cards girl. Your ass is mine."

"I love it when you get competitive," Rosa said with a smile. 

Twenty peanuts and ten cards were dealt on the table. The two began to play with new intensity. The stakes had just gone up, higher than what Rosa realized. She saw the seriousness and determination in Candace's eyes. Candace took risks she normally wouldn't. She lost the first hand, and two peanuts. The second hand caused her to eat three more. She began to sweat losing two more with the third hand. Seven of her peanuts vanished down her throat in a matter of minutes. Candace threw the required minimum two peanuts in the pot. "I don't know about my ass," Rosa quipped as she put her two peanuts in and dealt the fourth hand, "but I am beginning to have fun imagining what I'll have your ass do when those last three peanuts are gone." She smiled devilishly as she watched sweat roll down Candace's neck and cleavage.

"Give me four," Candace said grimacing, throwing four cards from her hand face down on the table.

"Ouch," Rosa answered back dealing four cards to Candace and two to herself. "Now that's not a good sign is it?" Pausing for effect she added, "I think I will raise you one." Candace jerked her head up to look pleadingly at Rosa and watched her mercilessly throw a third peanut into the pot. Candace looked at her cards and answered by throwing her last peanut into the middle of the table. "Hungry for peanuts?" Rosa asked as she put two aces down. 

"Help yourself," Candace shot back, dropping three twos on the table. 

"Aren't you full of surprises," Rosa said picking up three peanuts, shelling them and popping them into her mouth. 

The next two games were played conservatively, keeping the wagers to the minimum peanut bet. Candace's pair of sixes beat Rosa's fours in the first hand. Tension rose in the second hand when neither one had anything. Rosa's sweat now began to soak through her white shirt, exposing her moist round tits. Both were sure they were about to lose the hand. They put their cards on the table at the same time. Candace squealed in delight realizing she won with a Queen high. Rosa ate two more peanuts. Frustrated at her loss, Rosa put all three remaining peanuts in the middle of the table. "I am all in," she said confidently.

"You haven't dealt the cards," Candace said surprised at her move. "You don't know what you have yet."

Rosa looked up at Candace with her devilish smile. "Yes I do, I am going to have your ass. Either eat your peanuts now or put them in the pot so you can eat them when I win this game." She paused for effect, looking around the room. "Either way" she added, "your ass is mine and I have great plans for it." 

Candace knew Rosa meant what she said. Butterflies filled her stomach as she pushed her last three peanuts into the middle of the table. "Since we are both all in, lets play our hands open," Candace said. 

"Deal," Rosa answered confidently, "good idea."

"Deal," Candace answered back, instructing her to lay the cards down. Let's see who has who's ass." Both women smiled.

Rosa shuffled the cards and dealt them face up on the table. Each player reordered the cards in front of them. They examined their own cards, then those across the table. "Shit!" Candace said seeing Rosa's already assembled straight laid out before her. 

"Nine, Ten, Jack, Queen, King," Rosa said with quiet confidence. "I just wish I had more peanuts." Looking across the table at Candace's random assortment of cards, she pointedly asked, "how many cards would you like?"

Candace looked down at her cards feeling defeated. "Absolutely nothing" she thought as she looked at the hand before her: two of clubs, four of hearts, eight of clubs, Jack of spades, Ace of clubs. "Anything I do," she thought, "is just going through the motions. Motions..." she shuddered at the thought. "I can't even begin to imagine what plan she has for my ass as retribution." Candace picked up the four and the Jack. She tossed them toward Rosa. "I'll take two."

"Might as well take five," Rosa said smiling as she pulled the first two cards off the deck and laid them next to the other three. "A five and a nine. What a sad way to go down" Rosa added with a wicked laugh. "You walked over here from Carl so confident and determined about my ass being yours. At least a pair would have saved some face." Candace cringed at the humiliating truth of Rosa's words. 

"Somehow the victory is sweeter this time Candace and the prize ought to match, don't you think?" Rosa relished in the victory as she pushed three peanuts from the middle of the table over toward Candace. She picked up the Scotch and filled Candace's shot glass for a second consecutive round. "Here you go Sweetheart. You can wash them down with this." She looked around the room again as if she had a plan that involved the entire crowded room. "The liquid courage will come in handy for what I have for your ass right now." 

Candace conceded as she reached down and picked up the three peanuts laying helplessly before her as victims of war. She relieved the bare nuts from their shell coverings. "How appropriate is this," she thought as she anticipated the plans Rosa had boasted about for her bare ass in this crowded room. Candace shuddered also about what Rosa had no way of knowing. If this was the last game Rosa would play, the evening would not end with the grand prize of the plans she had for Candace's ass. A public striptease for Carl would need to follow if she had any hope of getting her driver's license back. She put the peanuts in her mouth, lifted the shot glass to her lips and threw her head back allowing the warm drink to pour down her waiting throat. "Ahhhh," she said as she simultaneously felt the warmth of the drink and the tingle throughout her body from its effect. She put her glass down next to her cards and saw what she had not seen before.

"OK, little ass of mine, let's have some fun," Rosa said looking around the room.

"You are absolutely right!" Candace said with new energy. "Whoever wins, fair and square, gets the prize."

"Glad to hear your cooperation," Rosa said. "I am glad you are being a good sport. That will come in handy." Rosa smiled.

"You bet Rosa. We came here tonight to play -- we ought to make it worthwhile."

"Playing for keeps," Rosa added.

"Yes. It's your birthday, we are celebrating, and we ought to be playing for keeps. I think whoever wins should make whatever they want memorable. Ultimate peanuts, playing for the grand prize!"

"I like this," Rosa agreed. "A game well played is a game well rewarded - all or nothing!"

"All or nothing," she said locking eyes with Rosa. The game is on."

That's the spirit!" Rosa cheered. "You're on. Next game, ultimate peanuts."

"Why the next game?" Candace asked. "Why wait? Ultimate peanuts, right here and right now, this round."

"Our hands are already played on this round. You are out of peanuts girl."

"But we're not finished with this round yet," Candace reminded Rosa with a smile. "Someone still has to pay up. Now are we playing ultimate peanuts or aren't we?"

"If that is the way you want it," Rosa said still surprised by Candace's energy. "Considering your hand and peanut count, it's a great time to up the ante." 

"Up the ante. Yes! " Candace shot back enthusiastically. Let's seal it. She picked up a napkin on the table and began writing: "Ultimate Peanuts. The two parties who sign below agree and commit themselves to the following: Winner takes all. No compromise. Loser will do anything winner requires, no questions, no arguments, no negotiations, no limits, no backing out. Losers ass, and anything else winner wants, belongs entirely to the winner." Candace signed the bottom of the napkin and handed the pen and contract to Rosa. "Agreed?" 

"Be careful what you commit to Candace," Rosa said. "The way I am feeling right now, I am going to have fun holding you to this." 

"I hope you do birthday girl," Candace answered continuing to smile and looking her in the eyes. "I signed it so there is no way I can back out. It's binding, winner take all. 

"It might be binding in more ways than you think," Rosa said. She put the napkin down on the table and leaned over to sign it.

"Be sure you want what you get when you sign that," Candace counseled. "There is no reneging, no backing out. Winner takes all."

Rosa laughed. "And the winner is going to take it all. I know exactly what I am doing, I know exactly what I want, and nothing will cause me to back out on this." She signed her name and handed the napkin back to Candace. "How do you say it? Your ass is mine girl."

"Fair and square Rosa. Starting now, the winner of that last game, with the cards still on the table, takes all."
