 This story is inspired by underlying real life experiences of my own and people I know. It has been edited, changed around, and enhanced. (Edited to protect identities.)

*

Well it had been a long time coming, but here we were – three empty nester married couple friends in our mid to late forties sipping wine and about to embark on our own little swingers group. For lack of a better term we just called ourselves The "Players". Ted and Cindy, Bob and Lisa, and myself, Laura, and husband, Jim. A lot of planning had gone into this meeting, and it just sort of evolved from casual teasing to more serious discussion and finally a decision to go with it.

We were hosting at our house which had four bedrooms although three would have been enough for what we had in mind. The women had gotten together on their dress for the occasion – casual shift type dresses cut short, no hose, with strappy high heels and sexy underwear. My dress was a little shorter than the others but all were above the knee and they rode up to our thighs as we sat around the living room. The men were a bit less uniform but all wore some kind of slacks and sport shirts. I have to say we looked much better than average for a group our age, all pretty trim and well groomed. I probably had the biggest tits among the women, but Lisa had the best legs and Cindy the best ass. The men, including my husband, were well built with nice asses. One of the things included in the discussions leading up to this was that the men were all virile, hung better than average, and with good stamina. The women were all horny, ready, and open to experimenting.

The atmosphere was nervous to say the least, but we seemed to be doing pretty well as we chatted and drank wine. The plan for this evening was to "get acquainted" so to speak by pairing off one at a time with the two people not your regular partner. We would have a drawing at the beginning, and each couple would go to their assigned bedroom. After a certain period of time an alarm set to music would sound, and the women would move to another bedroom for their next partner. The ground rules were pretty simple – no rough stuff and no anal, at least for right now, but any other kind of fucking and sucking was encouraged.

Despite our nervousness I think we were all ready. I noticed by looking at the men's crotches they all appeared to have at least a half hard on, and I suspected Cindy's and Lisa's pussies had more than a mild tingle like mine. At a lull in the conversation I cheerfully said, "Well, let's get started." The women were to draw from a bowl containing three strips of paper. If you drew your spouse, put it back and draw again. I started and drew Bob. That meant Lisa would go with Ted and Cindy with Jim.

It was now time for the "moment of truth". I started down the hall with Bob behind, and the others started toward their bedrooms. For some reason I swayed my ass a bit as I walked. Bob and I went in and closed the door. I turned and looked at him and smiled, but we didn't embrace right away. Instead I sat on the bed, crossed my legs, and let my dress ride up high on my thighs.

Bob followed my lead and sat on the bed near me. We chatted for a minute and then he put his hand on my bare knee. It was the first move and it felt electric. I sucked in my breath and then reached over and put my hand on his knee. His hand traveled up my thigh a bit and I parted my legs. Then he leaned over and started kissing me on the neck and my breathing quickened. Still, we took it pretty slow, and it took a couple of more moves before his hand moved up to my panties crotch and I reached over to feel his rock hard cock through his pants. There was no going back now as I unzipped his pants and felt for his cock while he got one and then two fingers in my slippery cunt. "We'd better get undressed," he said. I didn't say anything but quickly shed my clothes down to my underwear as he did the same. We sat on the edge of the bed again, and I decided this was a good position for me to do what I wanted to do next which was to suck his dick. I got on my knees in front of him and pulled off his shorts. His cock sprang out, and my mouth almost watered. I licked off the pre cum and started sucking him slowly, circling the head with my tongue and then going down and sucking hard as I came back up. He moaned and humped my face while he put one hand on the back of my head and pulled my mouth down on him. I liked this too, but I knew we probably needed to do something else soon, because he still had another round to go with someone else later on.

I reluctantly pulled away and drooled saliva on his cock head and licked it off. As promised, Bob's cock was about the same size as Jim's – a thick eight inches. I stripped off my bra and panties and more or less traded places with Bob on the edge of the bed leaning back on my hands with my haunches drawn up. He got the message and started licking and sucking my cunt while finger fucking me. It felt really good and I was soon gasping and moaning. But I wanted this man to fuck me and feel that hard eight inches of cock in my pussy. I hadn't had any "strange" cock in many years, and I was panting in anticipation. 

This took me back to before I was married. That strange metallic taste in your mouth when you knew you were going to get fucked. Your faked reluctance and his easy seduction, getting you hot and panting for it before you gave up the pussy. His cock as it first slid into your slick fuck hole as you humped to get it all. And later buried deep in you and filling your cunt as you wrapped your legs around him and humped and romped toward climax. The feel of his throbbing cock as it swelled just before he came. The force of the first spurts of his hot cum, the erotic sounds of the bed and the groans, moans and cries. The wet thighs and the wet spot and the nastiness of it all. There was nothing else remotely like it.

Again I pulled away and told Bob I wanted to get on top. I wanted freedom of movement so I could rub my big tits on his chest, rake him with my nails and fuck his brains out. I didn't ease down on his cock but instead got the head positioned and dropped my pussy down on it with one thrust. Bob groaned and humped my pussy hard, and as it slid in and out of my wet fuck hole I felt a sense of relief. After a lot of build up I was finally doing it, fucking a man not my husband. We quickly got in a rhythm, and I was tossing my hair and grinding my pussy down on his dick to the balls. "Fuck me hard baby," he said pretty loud.

I said, "Yesss, baby, hump that big cock deep in my pussy," also pretty loud. The walls were fairly thick but not soundproof, but I figured the others were probably making some noise themselves by now. The heat was rising in my cunt, and I sensed we were about to seal our adultery by fucking to a wet, feverish climax. "Let's cum together, baby, I'm getting close", I gasped. Soon after that Bob was groaning and pumping cum in my pussy. That sent me over the edge, and I shuddered and moaned to orgasm. It was nasty and sticky down there as his cum and my juices mingled and leaked out. I collapsed on top of Bob, and we just breathed hard for a time. Now that Bob and I were quiet I heard muffled sounds in the next bedroom and remembered that Jim and Cindy were in there. I was sure he was pounding that nice ass of hers by now. I motioned for Bob to follow and we put our ears to the wall. You couldn't hear much, but the cries of "Fuck mee" were pretty clear, and just then Cindy's wail, no doubt signaling her orgasm. I smiled as I thought of Jim fucking it to her hard. and filling her pussy with cum. This was part of the deal with our little swingers group. It was not only for your own pleasure but the thrill of the forbidden for both you and your spouse. Bob commented that if they hadn't finished already he would bet Lisa had those long legs wrapped around Ted with her heels up his ass urging him on. I didn't disagree and remembered I would be taking on Ted next. I told Bob his next partner, Cindy, sounded pretty hot, so he had better be ready. Bob and I cleaned up and got at least partially dressed and relaxed and stroked each other until we heard the alarm music. We assured each other how great the sex was, and then I slipped out the door for my rendezvous with Ted. I passed Lisa in the hall. I wanted to ask her if she had fucked Ted completely blind, but we just exchanged a whispered greeting. I walked into Ted's bedroom. He was partially dressed and propped up on one elbow on the bed. The smell of recent sex was in the air. I made a mental note to provide some air freshener next time, but as my pussy tingled slightly from the smell I thought what the hell.

Well before our little swingers group got to the final planning stages I picked up hints now and then that Ted wanted to fuck me. It was part of the teasing and banter that had led up to this, but I was flattered and masturbated to that thought sometimes. Tonight I wouldn't need to masturbate, and my pussy tingled and juiced as I thought of the real thing thrusting into me. Ted and I made a few small talk comments, and then I boldly asked him if he had fucked Lisa from in front or behind. He seemed surprised at my question but said he had fucked her face to face. I thought of Bob's comment about legs wrapped around and heels up the ass, but I just smiled. I told Ted I wanted him to take me from behind if that was okay. For no particular reason Jim and I didn't use this position much, but it was good for rough fucking and sometimes gave me a feeling of being "taken" which is what I wanted right now. As if I didn't want Ted to fuck me, but it was kind of a fantasy thing.

Ted said, "Sure," and soon after that we started into our stroking and sucking. We got on the bed, and I sat up as Ted got between my legs on his knees and fucked my mouth. I got one hand at the base of his cock and reached around to grasp his ass cheek, and he gave me a workout. I sucked hard as he pulled back and took as much as I could when he pushed in. Then I had him fuck my tits. I wrapped them around his cock, squeezed them together, and stroked them up and down his shaft. As he pulled away a strand of his sticky precum clung to me, and I lifted my tit and licked it off and then licked his cock clean. Ted seemed really turned on by all of this, but maybe not much more than I was, He got his face between my thighs, and I wrapped them around his head and squeezed. Ted buried his tongue deep in my fuck hole, and I humped his face. I moaned and my pussy was juicing, and Ted's cock was rock hard. We were both more than ready to get it on.

I put my head on a pillow with my ass up in the air, and Ted shoved it to me. Soon we were making that slap, slap sound as his balls and thighs met my ass. I had raised up on my hands and my tits swayed under me as he fucked me with long strokes. I could see his cock, shiny from my pussy juices, in the mirror over the dresser as it slid in and out of my cunt. We were both panting and urging each other on, and soon Ted plunged his cock in my pussy up to the balls and spurted his cum in me as I made a wailing sound like I had heard from Cindy and jerked to my second orgasm of the night. I gripped my pussy lips around his cock as he stayed hard for a short time and continued to fuck me. I liked this part where the man's cum has added to my juices, and the fucking makes a slight wet sucking sound. We had all agreed we would not talk about our experiences with the other partners at least for right now, so Jim and I quietly straightened up after the others had left and got ready for bed (or should I say sleep). I could tell we were both restless or "wired" might be a better word. Still, I was surprised when Jim indicated he wanted to fuck me. Were we up to this at our age? But I just spread my legs, and Jim crawled on top and banged it to me. It took a little while of intense fucking, but at the end the bed was rocking, and I scissored my legs wide and was cumming again. Jim was a little behind me and there wasn't much cum, but he almost shouted as he got there too.

I suppose I should have felt like a total slut. This was by far the kinkiest thing I had ever done, fucking two men not my husband in one night, and then fucking him too. But all I could think of was my totally satisfied pussy as I drifted off to sleep. 

Our swinger sessions were scheduled for every two weeks, but by the end of one week I think everyone was thinking they should be more often. Everyone's fucking with their own partner had increased in frequency and intensity. I couldn't help fantasizing about Jim with the other women. What did it look like with his big cock fucking into them? What were their reactions? Could they suck his dick as well as I can? Were there some new tricks I could learn? All this would just have to wait for perhaps a later time.