 'He's a bloody arrogant wanker -- and I'm fed up with him and his attitude.' Michelle took another swig from the bottle of Corona. Already into her sixth drink, she leant against the pool table for support.

'You're right, Shellie,' Karen said as she lined up the pool cue to take another shot. She had to close one eye to focus on the yellow half hidden behind the cluster of reds. 'Just because he's rich, doesn't mean he can treat you like his little whore.'

Kaz played the shot, kissing the yellow and sending it down the corner pocket. Despite being 'pleasantly tipsy', Kaz was a good pool player, sign of a misbegotten youth -- though very handy on these long summer days. 

A soft cooling breeze wafted through the open window of the side room of the Hogs Head Tavern. It was a remote olde English style pub, wide and spacious with wooden timber beams and a separate pool room. This was the local haunt for the two girls to get away from the constant male attention they both attracted. 

Karen strolled round the edge of the table, weighing up her next play. She moved like a dancer, precise steps and feet at an angle. Her legs were long and shapely, shown off today by her short linen skirt. She wore a peasant smock, pulled down over her shoulders and a quarter down her front, revealing a tanned cleavage.

'I should teach him a lesson, is what I should do,' Michelle stroked her fingers up and down the pool cue, admiring Karen move around the table. Michelle always felt clumsy around Karen, not that she resented her friends natural grace or her blonde 'beach-bunny' looks. Michelle was a raven dark brunette, tall and athletic. It was just that she was 'cursed' with breasts the size of melons, which made her look larger than her lithe figure really was. Sure, her boobs were great for getting all sorts of attention, and she certainly knew how to use them. It was how she lured most of the rich wankers in to chat with her. And she knew how to dress too. Today, for example, she wore a tight shirt, tied off at her midrift, showing off her flat stomach. A pair of daisy duke shorts and calf length boots finished off her cowgirl outfit. 

'Hmmmm, you should do what I do. Go out and fuck the first well-hung stud you find,' Karen winked as she missed her next shot.

'It would certainly stop him from acting like a pig,' Michelle took hold of her pool stick and leant against the table. 

Raised voices and a low, barking laugh sounded from the other side of the door. Michelle and Karen glanced at each other and shook their heads. 

'There goes our peace and quiet. Where do you want to head to next?' Michelle asked.

'Not so fast, bia-atch. We may find something useful after all.' Karen pulled her smock further down over her shoulders so that it showed off more cleavage. She tousled her blonde hair and curled a single lock over one shoulder. 'That should do it,' she said. 

The door banged open and a group of lads sauntered into the pool room. They had obviously been drinking, but as they entered they hushed their voices and gathered in a corner, talking quietly to themselves and throwing glances at the two girls.

Shellie squinted at the table, deciding on which shot to play. She absently stroked the pool cue in her hand, which garnered a muffled ripple of immature giggles from the boys. She smiled to herself, poor lads, she thought, let's see how easy they are to tease. Michelle leant forward, her large breasts hanging low within her shirt, and she lay the pool cue along her hand to take a shot. She poked the tip of her tongue out the side of her mouth. The boys went quiet, scared to talk or even breath, in case she changed position and they lost the wonderful view.

She took the shot, her breasts jiggling, hammocked within the blue shirt, but tutted as the white ball clipped her red and sailed down the table. 

'Excuse me, boys,' Karen said as she walked to the centre of the group of lads, readying to take her shot. The lads scattered to each side, all except one. This guy took a long drink and stepped back against the window sill to give Karen room to play. He glanced down at Karen's ass as she bent in front of him and he grinned at his mates, his confidence obviously bolstered by alcohol.

Karen leaned over, concentrating on the red and yellow balls on the table, and moved into position. She arched her back slightly, stood on her toes in her white deck pumps, and edged slowly backwards. Her lips pursed in thought, her blonde hair falling about her. She looked up, directly at Michelle, then pushed herself into the lad behind her. There was a gasp as Karen pushed back harder, grinding her ass into the lads groin. Then there was a groan, and Karen felt the flesh harden against her butt cheeks, something growing and lengthening and straightening. She made small circular motions with her toned arse, flicking her bum up like a bunny in flight.

'Well, this is ridiculous,' Karen said. 'How is a girl to concentrate with all these distractions?' 

The room was stunned into silence. Karen turned around and glared at the lad whilst she brushed her hand against his jeans. 

'This will just not do.' Expertly, she undid his buckle and pulled his jeans half-way down his thighs. His cock sprang around and levelled off. It was thick and weighty and pointed straight at her. 

'That's better.' She stroked the cock a couple of times and turned back round to face the table. She then flicked her short skirt up around her hips, pulled her thong to one side and reversed herself onto the rock hard member. The cock squeezed into her pussy and penetrated her. Karen looked over her shoulder and smiled at the stunned bloke, then pushed herself slowly down his length. She moaned at the sensation and settled her ass cheeks firmly against him.

The room held its breath.

Karen moved slowly, pulling herself forward, then slid herself backwards onto the lads engorged cock. She sighed with every plunge, taking her time and enjoying the sensations. Then she levelled the pool cue against the white and struck the ball. It missed its intended target and bounced against the cushion.

'Why, you dirty little slut,' Michelle shook her head at her friend. She turned to the three blokes standing around the pool table. Each one of them was gawping at their mate shagging Karen. 

'I think that's cheating, getting help from someone else,' Michelle leaned back against the wall, her finger playing with the knot on the front of her tied-up shirt, 'So. Who wants to help me take my shot?'

Two of the lads were grinning like wanking japs. The third lad, younger than the others, smiled but backed away into a corner. Michelle held a frosty bottle of beer to her mouth and slowly poured the contents out over her lips, her chin and down her cleavage. The liquid soaked the edges of her shirt and wet her voluptuous breasts. 'Oh, look what I've done.' She held a finger to her bottom lip, 'Can someone help me with this?' 

The two boys almost tripped over themselves as they rushed towards Michelle. She giggled as they both fumbled at her body, hands like an octopus as they grabbed her arse, hips, thighs, boobs. She grabbed them by the scruff of the necks and guided one to each breast. She threw her head back as they hungrily lapped away at her wet skin, undoing her top and grabbing one delicious, beer-flavoured tit each in their hands.

Karen cheered at the sight of her friend getting molested by the two lads. She tossed her hair from her face and built up a pounding rhythm. After a few moments she reached around and pulled the guy's hands up to her bum. 'Grab hold of me and really start giving it to me,' she said. The lad gripped her hips, his thumbs hooking under her skirt, and started to slam against her ass, thrusting forward with each stroke. Karen toppled against the table with the force of the renewed fucking and she had to brace her arms against the edge of the table as the cock slid into her with the force of a jackhammer. 

'Uh, uh, yes. That's it. Fuck me harder, yessss.' she moaned.

Michelle watched the top of two heads nuzzling into her. She glanced over at Karen, who was getting nailed good and proper. She caught her eye and they exchanged a smile.

Although enjoying the attention on her breasts, Michelle needed more. She gently pushed one of the heads downwards. His mouth nibbled at her belly and chewed away at the waistband of her daisy dukes as he knelt before her. He soon found the buttons to her jeans and popped them open, one at a time. He pulled her shorts down over her hips and to her feet, where she daintily stepped out of them and resumed her position, legs astride, hips beckoning. His tongue plunged into her pussy, lapping at the taste.

Bracing herself against the ledge of the table, Michelle balanced her arse on the edge, brushed a number of balls to the side and slowly fell back onto the green felt top. She hooked her legs around one of the lads, guiding him between her thighs. He quickly got the message and unzipped his pants, releasing his straining member. Michelle grabbed the cock and guided it towards her aching pussy. She wrapped her legs around the lad and pulled him towards her, impaling herself on the juicy manrod. 

Yummy, she thought to herself, this is more like it. She stroked the other lad's back, who had stripped whilst slavering attention on her breasts. His tongue worked a symphony on her nipples, his mouth the orchestra which teased a melody from her quivering form. She arched her back and mewled like a cat.

Karen watched the scene with growing desire. The lad fucking her from behind was doing a great job, and she felt her pussy clenching with involuntary spasms, climbing toward the perfect plateau of the orgasmic state. But watching her friend lay down on the pool table really excited her. Karen moved forward with each aggressive thrust from behind. She leant onto the table opposite the threesome, arched forward onto the table and moved her face close to Michelle's and pressed her lips against hers. The kiss was returned passionately, each girl's hands clawing at the hair of the other. 

This was too much for the lad fucking Karen, and his thrusts became erratic, his legs clenching and he grunted out the name of God in five languages. Karen felt hot cum flood up within her, spurting again and again, hot and wet and powerful, it pushed her over the edge and she orgasmed, her mouth open over Michelle's.

She lifted her head, blonde hair spilling over Michelle. 'Come over here, you.' She said to the naked guy working Michelle's breasts to a frenzy. He grinned and clambered over the table, flipping Karen onto her back and entering her in one smooth move.

Both girls lay on the table, a blonde yin next to a brunette yang, their hair flowed around their heads. They reached out to each other, fingers exploring mouths and breasts and areas of pleasure. The lads on top of them pounded the girls relentlessly, holding onto thighs and feet as they thrust against the hot pussies, intent on fucking. Their cocks became mechanical pistons, driving in and out, in and out, the sweat gathering on their arms and faces, skin flushed and prickled as they shagged the two wonton goddesses on the table. 

Suddenly one of the guys grunted and withdrew from Michelle, grasping his cock and wanking hard. This set the other guy off, and he pulled his member from Karen and aimed at her sweaty body. He yelled and a ribbon of cum splashed against Karen's breasts. She squealed in delight as another spurt landed on her belly and thigh. Shorter spurts leapt out onto her thighs and legs and feet. The other lad half laughed as he knelt forward and shot a long jet of cum against Michelle's face. She gasped, then stuck out her tongue. The lad squirted another stream of cum into her mouth and lips. He pumped hard, shaking and trembling from the orgasm, aiming the juice into her beckoning pout. 

'Good boys,' Karen said, kneeling up on the table, rubbing semen into her body. 'That was delicious, and the tables all yours now.'

Michelle sat up as the lads retreated to get dressed and finish their pints. She licked her lips, tasting the creamy saltiness on her tongue and teeth. She dabbed at a dribble of cum on her chin, then noticed the shy youngster near the door.

'Did you enjoy the show?' Michelle asked. 

The last lad nodded. 'Yeah, that was amazing. Better than porn.'

Michelle jumped off the table and walked over to the guy, swishing her naked hips as she went. 'Better than porn?' she said. 'You hear that, Karen?'

Karen joined her friend as they stood in front of the trembling youngster. They moved closer, brushing themselves gently against him, teasing him with their bodies. A touch, a brush, a sigh, a groan. The two of them lap danced around him, barely touching him, but tantalising him beyond suppression. They knelt down in front of him and Karen reached out, stroking the length of his cock and tickling his balls beneath his slacks. She was an expert at finger-play, and she wanted him rock hard before they unzipped him to suck his manhood. But his legs began to tremble and he groaned, half in lust and half in sorrow, his groin flexed and jolted and a wet patch appeared at the top of his trousers.

'Oh dear. A little premature, Karen.' Michelle said.

Karen stood up, kissed the youngster, and straightened her clothing. Michelle gathered her clothes and wiggled quickly into them. They left the group of lads without a word, skipped out of the pub and hopped into Michelle's convertible Lexus.

*

As the lads laughed and drank and retold their side of the story, the lens on the newly installed security camera tightened. Wilson, the pub owner, trembled as he checked that the machine was still recording. This will make a nice addition to that porn site, he thought. Wonder how much I could get for this?