 Hello, It's Betty Fielder again and it has been awhile since my last sexual adventure. My husband, like all men, would like to experience a threesome with two beautiful, sexual women. A few weeks ago during one of our typically satisfying sexual interludes he expressed that desire to me and wanted to know what I thought about it. Of course I thought it was a wonderful idea and my heart skipped a beat but I did not want to appear to be overly enthusiastic. 

So my reply was, "I didn't know that you felt that way but I am not surprised that you do. All of my friends have told me that their husbands have expressed that desire to them." 

He replied, "I'm sorry. It's a bad idea and I wish I hadn't said it." 

I did not want this opportunity to pass so I said, "Baby, don't feel bad about expressing your feelings. I don't think that we have held anything back from each other. I am not offended." And then I lied, "Although that thought has never entered my mind your suggestion has piqued my interest. I want to know why. I think that our sex is good. Are you losing interest in me?"

"Baby, you know better than that I love the way we make totally uninhibited love" He replied.

Pretending to be offended and with a slightly agitated voice I intoned, "Do you want to fuck somebody else? Do you want to watch me with another woman?"

"Baby, please, I'm sorry! Please forgive me and try to forget that I ever brought it up."

I couldn't pass up the opportunity to make one of my dreams come true so I huffed. "Something that you thought must have made you suggest that to me. Do you want me to watch you fuck somebody else and lick another woman's pussy?" Silence was his answer so I continued in a calm voice, "I'd really like to know and I am no longer angry so please explain your desires."

David answered, "Knowing how totally we get into our lovemaking I just thought that we could take it to another level and we could...together... make love to another woman."

"And how do you suggest we go about this?" I ventured.

"We don't just jump into it. We take our time. Maybe watch some group sex video and see what you think. Thats all I'm saying. Knowing the way we are sexually we'd probably enjoy the video's." He explained.

"Alright then. Lets watch threesome video's and see how I feel. You are right. I know we'll enjoy them but I don't know if it will go any farther than that." With that statement I began my quest to fulfill another of my many sexual desires.

Over the next few weeks, when David was home we made love while watching these video's. Of course we enjoyed the intensity that increased in our lovemaking. He told me what he liked and what he would like to see me do with the woman of our choice. I expressed my desires to him. We have always been very vocal in our lovemaking and we verbalized new and crude sexual commands that we would use as we made love with and to our new partner. Watching the women eating pussy really turned me on and I could just visualize David hammering a strange pussy and me sucking his cum from that same cunt. I got into it totally with him and after a few weeks I told him that I was ready to add our third party. It was agreed that I was to be the one to make the selection.

I knew that such a person would appear and that I just had to be ready when that happened.

One Saturday morning I was shopping at the Mall and David was at home. The boys were upstate at a football camp and would not return until late Sunday evening. I was dressed in a reasonably short, light blue skirt and a white blouse. I like to show off my legs. Of course I was wearing my padded bra and plain white, full-sized panties. I was looking at the purses on display at one of the shops when I felt a nudge on my arm.

"Hello Miss Betty. How have you been?" asked a tall, dark complected girl whose beauty momentarily left me speechless. 

"I'm Celina. Angie's friend."

"Oh! Celina." I recalled. She was a tall athletic girl that often went swimming in my neighbors, the Johnson's, pool. She was taller than my 5'10" by almost two inches. Celina Reyes had just graduated from high school and was going to attend LSU on a volleyball scholarship. She was a beautiful girl with long, dark black hair and a dark complexion to match. Celina also had these exquisite green eyes that sparkled in the sunlight. Angie, Celina, their friends and I often engaged in playful conversation at the Johnson's pool before Angie and I had our little sexual excursion several months back.

"How has your summer been?' I asked this gorgeous creature who was wearing a very short, orange sundress that showed her long, well toned, willowy legs to good effect.

"I have been working out almost every day getting ready for school to start. Other than that It's been kind of boring." She replied.

"How's the boyfriend?" I again queried.

With a shrug of her pretty shoulders, she replied, "He's gone. We broke up a couple of weeks ago." 

"Well, I hate to hear that. A pretty girl like you oughta have a boyfriend." Let me buy you something to drink and we can talk awhile."

"That sounds good to me." Celina replied.

We walked to the food court ordered our drinks and found a table in the corner that was away from the crowd. We talked for awhile reminiscing about the past and giggling about some of the silly things that girls do.

Apparently feeling very comfortable with me Celina said, "I have something that is bothering me and I need some advice. We have been friends for awhile and I think that I can trust you. I know that you are a more experienced person than I am about certain things and I need some help."

"Is this going to be sexual in nature?" I asked.

Celina blushed, "Yes it is and I hope I haven't offended you by making that suggestion."

"Celina, I am not offended in the least. I love sex and It makes me feel good that you would ask for my advice. Ask anything that you like and don't be ashamed to be specific. Where we are sitting no one can hear us."

She began by saying, "I am a tall girl and most boys won't ask me out because of that. I only had the one boyfriend for a couple of months before we broke up and the sex wasn't that good. He didn't know what to do and neither did I."

"Celina, you are a drop dead, beautiful girl. When you get to college your height will be an asset. You are perfectly proportioned and have a beautiful complexion. Your face is exquisitely pretty with those green eyes. You will have to fight them off."

"Thank you Miss Betty. I hope that you are right."

"I am. You'll see. Now lets get down to the sex part."

She began by admitting, "We only did it a couple of times. The first time was on my eighteenth birthday and it wasn't very good. Neither time was. I am curious about sex but disappointed in the experiences that I have had."

"Are you on the pill?" I asked.

"Yes Ma'am Momma started me on it when I turned 15.

"Did you orgasm with him?" I asked.

"No Ma'am. I didn't." 

"Have you ever had an orgasm. I mean when you play with yourself, you do masturbate, don't you?" 

She appeared to be a little shocked by my question but divulged, "Yes I do play with myself and I do cum. Oh! I'm sorry I mean orgasm."

I leaned in close to her and whispered, "Don't apologize. Cum is a good word. I like it. Tell me that you cum."

"Sometimes I cum," she effused,... "a lot!"

I looked at her for a little while and pointed out, "Now that's a good start. Cumming is a good thing. Were there any other problems?"

Softly she whispered, "He always wanted me to suck," and hesitated, "well you know..."

"His cock?" I questioned.

"Yes Ma'am and I didn't like it very much."

"Celina may I be frank with you?"

"Yes Ma'am." She replied.

"Are you certain?" Because I am going to be vivid?" I cautioned.

"Yes Ma'am I really want to know what you think."

"I love to suck cock." I whispered. "I love to have a big. stiff cock in my mouth. You just have to get into it and enjoy. Like anything else its a mindset. I love to suck cum out of a big juicy cock." 

Celina blushed, "Oh! Wow! I didn't quiet expect that. That is vivid. You must really enjoy it."

"I do." I affirmed, paused and slowly whispered, "Would you like to see me suck cock?"

She gave me a perplexed look, hesitated, and murmured,"I don't know about that. Wouldn't that be kind of weird?" 

"You're a big girl now and you'll discover that any sexual thing that you enjoy is not weird it's just good sex whether its watching or actually doing it. I think you watching me doing it would be a fantastic sensual experience." I paused and added, "For both of us."

I knew I had her when, with a thoughtful look on her face, she asked, "Whose cock are you going to suck?... And where are we going to do this?"

"My husband is at home alone right now. Wouldn't you like to see me suck his cock at my house?" was my answer.

"Well," Celina stammered, "Wouldn't... he mind... I mean,... me watching y'all...doing that... I want to...but he might not like the idea...but I do...I think... I want to... I want to watch you... sucking him." 

For me the deal was sealed and I offered, "Let me call him and let him know that I'm coming home." I punched in the number and he answered on the second ring. "David I'll be home in a few minutes. ...Well, take your shower and don't go anywhere I have something I want you to see...Okay I'll see you shortly." 

I looked at Celina and she looked to be a little uncertain so I insisted, "Let's go then." and asked, "How did you get here?" 

"In my car." was her obvious answer.

"Well, lets go in mine. On the drive back we can talk about the experience."

As we walked to the parking lot we did not speak and I know that her mind was in a tail spin and that she was probably thinking about changing it but I knew that if she got in the car everything would be fine. As we approached the car I unlocked the doors and Celina spoke for the first time since we left the Mall. "Miss Betty, I am not so sure that I should be doing this."

"Pretty girl our little talk has got me turned on. I really want to do this for you. This is going to be fun. Get in and lets go." I coaxed. 

We got in and I started the car and backed out of the parking space. As we entered the street I promised her, "Celina. David has just showered and he has no idea what we are about to do. We have never done anything like this so he will be surprised. This will be a first for all of us. Spontaneous, unexpected sex is the best sex of all. His cock will be big, clean and hard and I am going to show you how to suck it. I love sucking cock and I am good at it. I am going to put on a show for you."

She did not respond and nervously fidgeted in her seat. Her short dress had ridden up and rested high on her thighs. I could almost see her panties and I knew that I would see them soon. I started to salivate and had to swallow.

"Are you Okay? I asked.

"Miss Betty, I want to do this but I am not sure that I should. When I asked to talk to you I never would have dreamed that you would offer to let me watch you, Miss Betty, suck Mister David's cock. I have known y'all for as long as I can remember and y'all were always adults to me. This doesn't seem quiet right."

"Celina, all you are going to do is watch. I'll take it slow and show you how its done. Don't you think that David is a handsome man? You will be watching two nice looking, clean people make love. None of us will ever say anything about what we do today to anyone. We are almost there but if you want to go back to the mall I'll take you."

"If I do this what will you think of me?" She wondered. "Won't it be kind of awkward the next time I see y'all?"

"All you'll remember is how good it was and how much you enjoyed the experience." was my answer.

She replied, "Alright. I am really curious so lets do it. Its time for me to be a big girl. I'm really nervous and I don't know what to do. But I do want to watch you and Mr, David. I have always thought that y'all were a perfect couple that probably enjoyed great sex. I know that you are trying to help me and I trust you"

As we turned into our drive way I assured her, "You are going to see a sample of that great sex. Just watch and listen. The sounds of sex are a real turn on."

We exited the car and entered the house through the back door. "I don't know where David is, lets see if we can find him. "David! I shouted!"

"I'm in the den!" he returned. We entered the den and found David sitting in his recliner and drying his hair with a towel. He was wearing a T-shirt and a pair of baggy shorts. He doesn't wear underwear and I knew that I would have immediate access to his tool. "Who is that with you?"

"You remember Celina, don't you?" 

"Of course I do. The volleyball player that's going to LSU. Girl you sure have grown. You are much taller than the last time I saw you and you are a very pretty girl." David complimented.

"Thank you Mr. David. I appreciate the kind words." smiled Celina.

"What are you girls up to?" He asked.

I decided not to wait and blurted, "Celina is here to watch me suck your cock."

He was visibly startled but quickly recovered and said, "Come on now. Ya'll have got to be kidding me." Then I could see in his eyes that he realized that he was about to get what he has been wanting.

"This is no joke David. lets go upstairs to my office. There's less chance of intrusion there." I commanded. We then walked up the stairs and entered my den of erotica. There was a small bed there and a large mirror on the wall next to it. I directed Celina to sit on the bed. "Toss me one of those pillows pretty girl I don't want to ruin my knees." She tossed the pillow to me and I placed it on the floor. I did not remove any of my clothing and I would not unless the time was right. "Come here big boy and let me see what I have to work with" 

Doing as told he moved to stand right in front of me, He was already excited and his baggy shorts were tented by his erection. I wrapped my hand around his cock and took the head into my mouth and sucked it through the cloth. As always I began to salivate profusely and I let it flow totally soaking the cloth around his cock head. I pulled back with a audible slurp and with both hands pulled down his shorts. His dick sprang to attention and was clearly visible to Celina. "My David has a good one Celina.Watch me suck the head. Just the head."I surrounded it with my mouth and sucked it hard for a few seconds and lapped at it noisily with my tongue making certain that she could see. I pulled back making a soft gurgling sound. My saliva connected my mouth to his now big purple head. I wrapped my hand around the shaft and squeezed it which made the head bigger and turned it a dark plum color. "Look at that big purple head Celina. Do you like the way it looks?"

She could only gasp a weak, "Yes." She was mesmerized and I knew that soon I would have my way with her.

"I'm going to swallow the whole thing now. Watch Me." I opened my mouth and slowly let his turgid prick slide down my throat until my nose rested in the hair surrounding his pecker. I slid my tongue out and lashed at his balls. David jerked a little and I choked and gagged, "Awk!" as I released his cock with a loud, slurpy, messy pop. Saliva was running from the corners of my mouth and dripping onto my blouse and I made loud ragged gasps as I tried to refill my lungs. "It gets a little rough and messy sometimes if you do it right." I breathed as I turned and faced her. "You have to try to breath through your nose. The gagging is part of it." I panted. She was slack jawed and totally immersed into what I was doing. The hem of her sun dress had risen and I could see her panties. They were a deep yellow color and full sized.

I turned my body completely to the side and faced her directly. 

"Never forget the balls." I blurted as I bent forward and lapped noisily at the one on my side with my tongue and then engulfed it. I rolled it around in my mouth and completely saturated it with my saliva and then released it with a wet sloppy sound. "There's another one that I can't forget." I purred. I had to turn almost upside down to reach the other one. In that position I was looking up into David's hairy asshole and had to hold on to his hips so that I wouldn't fall. I lapped and sucked in the other orb and handled it with a little more flare. I wanted her to see me working on it without restriction. I made certain that she could see my long tongue at work. I released it and faced her from the other side of David's glistening pole. His dick was mouth high and directly in front of me.

"I'm going to play it like a flute." I explained and starting from his balls I wrapped my mouth around it and lapped the underside with my elongated tongue. I kept my eyes on her face and I could tell that her eyes were fixated on my tongue. I am certain that she could see it constantly moving as it wrapped around the underside of his pole as I slowly worked my way to that purple head. I stopped for a second and rasped, "Why don't you play with yourself. It will ease the pressure." Celina slid her hand down and started to rub her pussy through her now throughly soaked panties. 

I slowly worked to the head and when I got there I started loudly lapping at the enormous amount of pre cum dripping from my man's cock. I wanted her to see my tongue as much as possible so I used it with abandon. I was so turned on that I had a massive orgasm that gushed my love sauce into my panties. 

"Oohhhh! I moaned as I paused and pulled back to enjoy the moment and told Celina, "I am enjoying this so much that I just came all over my panties. ...Are you enjoying it?"

She swallowed and exclaimed "Oh God! Yes!...Yes I am."

I recognized the excitement in her voice and as I looked directly into her slightly unfocused, green eyes I cooed."My hair is in the way. I want you to see everything. Let me have your panties." 

"My...my... panties? She stammered.

"Yes, I need them to tie my pony tail."

With little hesitation she slid to the edge of the bed and with her thumbs pulled her panties off and handed them to me. They were soaked with her juices. I pulled my hair back in a pony tail and tied it up with her cum soaked undies. At the same time I focused on her pussy. It was covered with dark hair and had long protruding lips. I love pussies but I especially love hairy ones with big lips. We were so close now that one of her knees was touching me. 

"Now you can see more clearly." I stated. I then looked up at David and demamded, "I know that you're getting close but don't you dare cum. Not yet. Hold it for me."

I deep throated David's long cock a couple of times and languidly released it. I again lapped vigorously at his big purple head with my tongue and worked back as I played the flute. My tongue was in constant motion as I continually wrapped it around David's saliva soaked cock. When I reached its dripping head I made a show of working it over with my ever moving tongue. I pulled off but left my tongue extended and it was connected to his cock head by a long string of saliva.

I looked at Celina and asked, "What do you think pretty girl?"

"I...I want your tongue." She proclaimed.

I knew what she meant and with saliva dripping from my mouth I turned to her and slid between her knees as she opened them wide and pleaded, "I need your tongue, Miss Betty."

I growled "And I need to taste you baby!" as I plunged my face into her cum soaked hairy young pussy. I rubbed my entire face in it and I heard David exclaim, "God! Betty!"

Celina grunted, "AHH!" and blurted, "Lick it like you did that cock." 

And lick it I did. Voraciously! She had already cum so much that it was everywhere. It was in the thick, dark hair that surrounded her cunt and had flowed down into her crinkly brown ass hole. "OH...OOHH...OOOOOH; Lick. Lick! Oohh! Gawd...Lick ...It...HARD!
