 It was a couple of days before Friday. I decided to do a little research I looked on the web and found some sites to tell me about anal sex. I knew that my next lesson would include Mike fucking my ass. I read all the information and played with my ass the remaining nights before Friday when I masturbated. I was looking forward to losing my cherry. 

 Friday finally came, I left work and headed for Mikes. He had a house not all that far from the office. He was wearing a t-shirt and work out shorts when I arrived. He smiled and let me in. He led me into his living room and we sat on the couch and talked for a bit. Mike soon had his hand on my thigh and was moving it up closer to my crotch. As his hand got closer, my cock got harder.

 “I see that you are as interested in this as I am.” Mike said has his hand reached my cock and he fondled it through my jeans.

 “Yes, I am.” I said as i reached for his cock as well. I found that it was hard and that he was not wearing underwear under those shorts. “Do you think I’m easy?”

 “Yes, I do.” Mike said. “Let’s go to the bedroom.” He took my hand and led me down the hall to his bedroom.

 It was a nice room, with a good sized bed and plenty of space. I saw that there was a bottle of lube and some towels on a night stand next to the bed. We stood next to his bed and kissed.  He felt good in my arms as our lips locked and tongues played with each other. My arms were around his back, moving up and down. I felt his strong back and fondled his ass cheeks. I felt his arms doing the same. I felt his hard cock pressing into me. 

 Mike broke the kiss. “Let’s get naked.”

 We stripped fast, and were soon standing together again. We embraced tightly and kissed more. His naked body was wonderful next to mine. It is different embracing and kissing a man than it is a women. The firmness of the man’s body is different from the softness and curves of a woman. I was enjoying the differences and knew that I could enjoy both.

 Mike pushed me over to the bed and I sat down at the edge. This put me facing his cock. It was hard, with the head angled up. Mike’s cock was about 7 inches erect, cut and little thicker than mine. I moved my hand up and slide it over the hard shaft. It was fun to fondle another man’s cock. I slide my hand up and down the shaft and moved it down to feel the bottom side of the shaft and his ball sack and balls. I gently felt his sack and rolled his balls with my hand. The softness of his scrotum was a delight.

 I took the tip of his cock into my mouth and ran my tongue over the tip and circled the cock head. Mike moaned with pleasure. I took the shaft deeper, taking it as far as I could. I began sliding his cock in and out of my mouth, playing with the cock head when it was the last part in my mouth.

 I would run my tongue over the slit at the end. Mike moaned and ran his hands over my head. 

 “Let me lay back on the bed.” Mike pulled his cock from my mouth and hopped on the bed and lay down in the middle. I climbed on and again got between his legs. I resumed my felating of his cock. I licked and kissed the shaft up and down the bottom ridge, the plunged the cock back into my mouth. 

 “Oh my, but that is good” Mike moaned.

 I started moving my mouth up and down on his shaft, my tongue playing with the head on the out stroke. I soon had a rhythm going and Mike was soon moaning that he was close to cumming. I kept the pace up, watching his face as made love to his cock. He was enjoying it. I soon felt his balls moving close to the shaft, I maintained the pace of his cock sliding in and out of my mouth. Mike soon moaned loud and his cock squirted his load of cum into my mouth. I sucked hard to keep the whole load in, feeling the spurts of cum hit my tongue. Mike moaned deeply and then relaxed. I sucked the cum from the tip and let his cock slide from my mouth.

 Mike grinned as I looked up at him. “You are really taking to this aren’t you? Damn that was good.”

 I moved up and snuggled next to Mike while he recovered, he was still breathing hard.

“Well, it is fun.” I said.

 “I’m glad you’re enjoying it.” Mike said. “It’s fun introducing you to something that you can enjoy.”

 “I hadn’t realized that there was such fun to man to man sex.”

 “It’s as close to pure pleasure as you can get.” Mike said. He told me about how he had first tried it and that he was also not giving up women either. We snuggled for a bit and talked about sex. Soon Mike’s cock was recovered from it’s fun and was growing hard again.

 “Are you ready for your next lesson?” Mike asked. “You’ve taken to cock sucking quite well.”

 “Yes.” I said.

 “Any preferences on position?”

 “Let’s start with the basic doggie.” I said with a smile. “I can let you know if I want to change.”

 Mike smiled and rolled over to get the lube. I rolled over on my belly and raised my ass in the air in anticipation. Mike moved between my legs. However instead of a finger, I felt a warm tongue start on my ass. I moaned with delight and surprise as Mike gave my asshole a rim job. It was delightful to feel his tongue back there and it was most enjoyable to feel. It also increased my desire to feel his cock there. I was soon moaning with delight as Mike worked his tongue around my hole. He soon pulled back and I felt him running his fingers up and down my crack, stopping to lightly play with my hole. Mike ran a finger tip over the hole and I felt pressure as he eased a lubed finger in. It felt good.

 “How’s that?” Mike asked.

 “Very good.” I answered.

 Mike worked the finger all the way in and then slide it in and out for a little bit. That felt good and I got a feeling for what the process was going to be like. Mike then worked a second finger in. He was opening me up nice and gentle. I was enjoying the process. He finger fucked me with two fingers for a bit and then slide a third one in. I was enjoying the feelings that I was getting of his fingers sliding in an out.

 “Ok.” Mike said. “Are you ready for me to use my cock?”

 “Yes.” I said. “Go ahead and fuck me.”

 Mike moved his body between my legs and I felt him move his hips closer. He then rubbed his cock up and down my ass crack. Then I felt his cock head on my anal opening.

 “I’m going to do this slowly.” Mike said. “Let me know if you feel any pain.”

 “Ok.” I said.

 Mike slowly pushed his cock head into my ass. I felt it spread me open as it went in. It felt good.

 “How’s that?” Mike asked.

 “Good.” I moaned.

 Mike continued sliding his cock in. I soon felt his pubic hairs and balls on my ass cheeks. I had a man’s cock in my ass to the hilt.

 “Damn, that feels very good.” Mike said. “Nice and tight and warm.”

 Mike slowly pulled back and began pumping his cock slowly in and out of my ass. I moaned as I felt it move. Mike put his hands on my hips and began fucking faster. He was soon pumping my ass at a good pace. I was moaning as I felt his cock slide in and out. I was starting to feel very good about this. I could feel a pleasure building there that was spreading to more of my body.

 Mike started thrusting harder.  “I like your ass.”

 “Oh this is good.” I said.  I was loving it. I was really enjoying my first ass fucking. I was amazed that having a man pump my ass with his hard cock could feel so good. Mike kept up his thrusts and was soon breathing hard again.

 “I’m going to cum soon!” He said.

 “Fill my ass with your cum.” I managed to say back.

 Mike sped up his fucking. He pumped my ass hard and deep. He was taking nice long, deep strokes, pulling his cock back so that just the head was in my ass, then thrusting his cock back deep. I could feel his balls banging on my and his pubic hairs on my ass cheeks as he pumped his penis in to the hilt.

 I was enjoying the sensations of his cock thrusting in and out. I started moving my ass to meet his thrusts. Mike moaned with pleasure at this.

 “Oh man, you are one good fuck.” Mike groaned, tightening his grip on hips. He leaned into my back, still pumping with a steady rhythm. It was fun listening to his breathing, his hips banging into my ass cheeks and the wet sounds of his cock sliding in and out of my ass. I soon heard him moan and take one last deep thrust into me as his cock unloaded his cum into my ass. Mike groaned as his cock pumped cum into my ass. I could feel his cock jerk as he orgasmed. Mike leaned into me, breathing hard on my back. I was tired too, but while I hadn’t cum while Mike was fucking me, my ass had a nice feeling and I still liked the feeling of his slowly softening cock in there.

 Mike rolled off, sliding his cock from my ass. He reached for a towel and wiped both his cock and my ass. Then he lay next to me on the bed.

 “That was one very good fuck.” He said, smiling. “How was it for you?”

 “Very good.” I said with a smile. “I can say that I’ll probably do that again and again and again.”

 “You’ll make some cocks very happy.”

 Mike snuggled close and we rested for a bit, then we ordered some pizza. Mike dressed in his sweats to answer the door for the pizza, then stripped again. He put an erotic video in while we ate. It was a gay one. One scene had a group of six guys going at it. I noticed Mike was hard again and invited him close. I leaned back on the couch and lifted my legs, exposing my willing ass.

 “Want that again?” Mike asked.

 “Yes.” I smiled. “Fuck me again.”

 Mike grabbed the lube and got his cock ready, he then put my legs on his shoulders and guided his cock to my hole. I moved to meet it and his lubed cock slide easily into my ass. Mike fucked me for a good 20 minutes this time, playing more with his strokes. We also varied the positions, we tried doggie, with me bent over a chair and on my back on the bed. I discovered that I enjoyed them all. But then I had discovered that I loved a hard cock fucking my ass. Mike was pumping me hard while I had my legs up. This time as he was close, he stopped and left his hard cock in my ass and reached down and stroked my cock.

 “I’ll bring you off.” He said. He started stroking my cock as he slowly moved his in and out of my ass. The sensations were incredible as he jacked on my cock while slowly fucking me. I soon came hard, shooting cum on my chest. Mike also moaned as my ass contracted around his cock. As my orgasm subsided, Mike began speeding up his thrusts and he soon came, filling my ass with another load of his cum.

 We took a break after that and I headed home. However I got an invite to join Mike and the truck driver from the other day for a session with both the next week. I almost got hard again the moment Mike said, but I’ll save that for another story.