 To understand my relationship with Bill and Stephanie, please first read my story titled, "Poker Night with Friends." Then come back and read this story. It will all make sense and ties each story together. This story contains gay male content. If this does not interest you, please read no further.

*****

Bill, Stephanie and I have been friends for a long time now. I have always had a physical attraction to Stephanie and a kinky attraction to Bill, and both attractions played out a few years ago during a game of poker. We have all continued our close friendship since that night, but have kept it completely non-physical since I am now married. However, that does not mean the sexual innuendos and playful texting has stopped. Now, whenever we refer to that special night, we call it, "Playing Poker." It has become a code word for the bisexual playing we all participated in together that night.

I have fantasized about that night going further than it did. I often wonder how far it would have gone if I had stuck around. Bill and Stephanie had rules in place that night, but I often wonder if I would have let Bill fuck me or if Bill would have let me fuck Stephanie. These questions have played out in my mind all these years. Plus, I didn't get the chance to return the favor to Bill that night and have fantasized about sucking his cock ever since. Bill and Stephanie have enjoyed a sexually adventurous relationship which included many threesomes with other women, but I am the first man to play with them, as far as I know. 

Our time together now is spent going to heavy metal concerts, but my wife does not like that kind of music. So just the 3 of us have been going out a lot lately. The amount of alone time I have had with Bill and Stephanie has increased the level of playful talk between the 3 of us to the point that I have seriously considered giving it another shot. It seems like they are always "game" for another round of poker. My wife knows nothing about my past with Bill and Stephanie and it will stay that way. 

Today, Bill and Stephanie drove up to Las Vegas for a concert that I was also invited to, but I couldn't go. My wife is away on a business trip to Dallas and I had to stay home and take care of the house. 

Today, on my way home from work, I received a text from Stephanie asking me to fly up to Vegas to party with her and Bill. 

"Fly up here", she wrote.

I replied, "I can't. I have to watch the dogs." 

My phone quickly rang and it was Stephanie. "Just get up here. We are going to go out to a titty bar tonight."

I said, "I wish I could but Shari is out of town and I have to stay home with the dogs. Plus a titty bar would just make me horny and frustrated."

She quickly responded, "If you're lucky, maybe we can play poker after."

I instantly got a twitch in my pants, as I knew exactly what that meant. 

"Oh wow! You've got me interested now. Let me think about it and I'll let you know", I said.

After we hung up, I put Stephanie's comments off for a few minutes, but then my mind started working. I was thinking of so many things. I knew that if I went to Vegas I was probably going to break my vows. Should I go? Shari will be out of town for a couple more days. That will give me time to go up there and get back before she gets home. Should I go? My friend lives close by, has a key to my house and would be happy to feed my dogs if I asked. Should I go? I was starting to work the situation out in my mind, but then it dawned on me that Bill probably doesn't even know that Stephanie has invited me up for a threesome.

As if on cue, my phone beeped and it was a 

picture text from Bill. I figured it was going to be a picture of their hotel or something stupid like that. As the file opened, I saw an amazing close up picture of Stephanie with Bill's cock in her mouth.

Without even thinking, I instantly picked up my phone and called to make arrangements. Within 10 minutes flat, my friend agreed to feed my dogs and I was on my way to Vegas.

I texted to Stephanie, "On my way!"

Then Bill texted from his phone, "Awesome! See you when you get here!"

There was the confirmation I was looking for!

As I drove to Vegas, I kept opening the picture file and looking at it. Bill was laying on his back with the camera pointed down to his cock. Stephanie was looking straight into the camera as she had her beautiful lips wrapped around Bill's hard dick. The picture made me want to suck Bill's fat cock even more. I began rubbing my cock through my pants, but stopped because I really wanted to keep my load for the poker game later. 

During the 4 hour drive to Vegas, I was so fucking turned on by the thought of this whole situation that the drive seemed like it took an eternity! I finally arrived in Vegas and pulled up to the hotel at 10pm. I was tired from working all day and driving for hours, but my adrenaline was at a peak and the butterflies began to set in.

I sent a text to Bill, "I'm here."

He replied, "We are at Sapphire Strip Club. Come pick us up."

I quickly looked up the location on my phone and drove to Sapphire where I found Bill and Stephanie waiting out front for me. Stephanie looked so hot! Stephanie has long brown hair and is about 5-4, 100 lbs. She is heavily tattooed and has the most amazing fake tits you've ever seen. She was wearing a tiny little white miniskirt that was so short, I could almost see her crotch. Her big tits were bulging out of her top and it was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra. 

As I came to a stop, Bill opened the back door of my truck and let Stephanie jump in. He then jumped in the front seat, looked over at me and gave me a smile. 

I smiled back and said, "I've only been here 2 seconds and you're already opening my back door."

We all chuckled as we drove away. 

"How was the club?"

Stephanie said, "It was great! There were a ton of hot chicks in there tonight!"

I made eye contact with Stephanie through the rearview mirror and said, "Speaking of hot chicks. You look amazing tonight."

Stephanie kept eye contact with me, quickly pulled down her top and said, "Thank you." 

Her gorgeous tits were out for only a quick second, but it was long enough to notice she now has gold nipple rings. 

I said, "I didn't know you got your nipples pierced."

"I've had them for a couple months now", she replied.

I said, "Very nice. I'm not dressed up, so do you guys want to go hang out at a bar or something casual?" 

Before Bill could answer, Stephanie blurted out, "Oh honey, you're here to play poker. Let's go back to our hotel." 

I got a huge grin on my face and headed toward their hotel. 

After arriving, we all jumped out and quickly walked through the casino toward the elevators. I saw a bar approaching and asked if either of them would like a drink. Bill abruptly informed me that he has a cooler full of cold beer in the room.

So, to the elevator we went. As we were riding up to the 19th floor, I looked over at Stephanie as we were all talking and realized her mini skirt was sheer. The way the light in the elevator was shining down, I could clearly see the outline of her nipples and her new piercings. I love Stephanie's tits and quietly enjoyed the moment. 

The elevator stopped, we got out and started walking down the hallway. I didn't know which room they were staying in, so I walked behind and watched Stephanie's cute little ass as she walked ahead of me. We ended up at the last door and went inside. 

Once inside, I was immediately handed a beer by Bill and stood there taking a few sips. The room was a beautiful junior suite with a King bed, couch and hot tub. Bill walked over to the hot tub and started filling it with water.

"This is nice", I said.

Just as I turned to look at Stephanie, she kicked her high heels off and pushed her miniskirt down to her feet. She was now standing there in nothing but a tiny pair of silver panties. Her amazing fake tits looked just as I remembered from a few years ago and her panties were so tiny that her pussy appeared to be eating them. 

I said calmly, "Wow! You're not wasting any time."

"You know I love to be naked. Plus, our last poker game started with little shorts. This one is going to start with little panties", she said.

Bill interrupted, "Actually, it's going to start naked because I'm getting in the hot tub." 

Bill pulled his shirt off and dropped his pants right there next to the tub. My anxiety level rose a little with the instant nakedness, but I didn't drive 4 hours and fantasize for years about these two for nothing. I put my beer down and went to the bathroom. 

I undressed and took a quick shower to wash the hours of work and driving off my body. Of course, the thought of playing poker was on the front of my mind which caused my cock to fill with blood. I rinsed off real fast and made sure to work my fingers into my asshole a few times in preparation for the night I was hoping to have.

There was no need to put my clothes on after I was finished, so I slid my favorite metal cock ring on and walked out of the bathroom. Bill and Stephanie were now in the hot tub, sitting across from each other and talking to one another.

As I walked toward them, Bill noticed me first and quickly moved his eyes to my cock. I took a glance down and saw that my cock was hanging nice and thick, which gave me a nice level of confidence. As I approached, I watched as both Bill and Stephanie were now checking me out. I threw my leg over the top of the tub and sat on the edge with my feet in the water.

As I cracked open another beer, I asked, "So how has your Vegas trip been so far?"

Stephanie replied, "It's been good. But, enough of the small talk."

I smiled.

She continued, "Bill and I have been wanting to talk to you for the past couple months about an idea we've been throwing around and we'd like to see if you'd be interested."

Knowing that Stephanie is very adventurous and Bill loves to make her happy, I was excited to hear what this idea might be. 

As I sat there naked, I asked, "What idea is this?"

Stephanie said, "We know you're married and have been hesitant to play with us, and we respect that. But we both feel comfortable with you." 

Bill said, "Steph and I want to change the rules a little bit."

I said, "OK. Tell me more."

He continued, "Stephanie has decided that she wants to get fucked by two guys at the same time, and we both want you to be the other guy."

I stated, "So, if I remember right, the rules were that I couldn't kiss or fuck Stephanie."

Bill said, "Yeah. We want to play with none of those rules tonight."

I sat there with a big smile on my face as I listened to this. My cock began to rise at the thought of all the possible scenarios and combinations available to me at this moment.

"Steph has been begging me for two guys for a while now and the three of us are already comfortable with each other. So, you were the first person we thought of", Bill explained.

I looked over at Stephanie with a huge smile on my face.

Stephanie said, "I want to be DP'ed. DP means..."

I chuckled as I interrupted, "Yeah, I know what DP is."

I thought for years that I'd never get the chance to fuck Stephanie, but now my dreams could come true. All I had to do was say yes. 

Just then, Stephanie moved over to me, leaned in and softly kissed me on the lips. Her lipstick transferred from her lips to mine. I hate when my wife gets lipstick on me, but I didn't seem to mind the taste of Stephanie's lipstick. Her lips were so beautiful and soft and my cock was now completely hard. She stared into my eyes as she moved back to her spot in the tub.

Bill then asked, "Are you game?"

Without even thinking, I put my beer on the edge of the tub and immediately moved into the water where Bill was sitting. I crawled up onto his lap and straddled him face to face as he rested his hands on my hips. I lowered my naked body down into his lap. His thick, semi hard penis rested nicely between my butt cheeks and my raging hard on laid straight up onto his belly. 

I calmly moved my face to his and said, "I'm only game if I can start with you first." 

Bill and I instantly locked lips and started softly tongue kissing. Our heads moved side to side as our lips smacked loudly and our tongues moved inside each other's mouth in unison. This was the first man I had ever kissed passionately. It felt different than kissing a woman, but no less erotic. I could feel his cock getting thicker and growing longer between my ass cheeks, which gave me confirmation that I was doing the right thing. 

After just a few moments of making out, I moved off of Bill and told him to slide out of the water and sit on the edge of the hot tub. As his body lifted out of the water, his beautiful penis was now pointing directly at my face. It was bigger and veinier than I remember it last time, but the beauty of his circumcised cock head was just as I remembered.

Bill put his hands onto the back of my head and guided my face gently into his lap, giving me encouragement to suck his cock while his wife watched. I wrapped my hand around his veiny shaft and put my tongue onto the bottom of his cock head. I traced the notch underneath his gland and followed it to the tip. I stiffened my tongue as it reached his urethra, the tip of my tongue slightly penetrating his cock hole. The sensation of splitting his dick hole was too much to handle and I needed the whole thing in my mouth immediately! 

I opened my mouth and looked up at Bill as my lips slid over his penis head. Bill watched as he pulled my head into him and his cock entered my mouth with ease. 

I was excited that I was now returning the favor by giving head to my best friend, but that excitement quickly dissipated as Bill's length continued deeper into my throat. My gag reflex was quickly approaching but I was so turned on that I didn't care at this point. I wanted all of Bill inside my throat and continued to let his shaft travel deeper and deeper, until his balls were now resting against my chin and his well-manicured pubic hair was touching on my nose. Bill held my head in place momentarily. My eyes began to water, but I was surprised that I was able to take his huge penis into my throat all at once. I guess the years of practicing on my wife's dildo was paying off at this moment.

Bill released his hold on the back of my head and I quickly slid my lips back to the head of his cock momentarily, but then pushed his shaft back into my throat. My tempo increased until I was vigorously sucking his cock. My mouth and hands working together as a team. 

I could see Stephanie move into my peripheral view on the right side. She was standing up in the tub as she watched me give head to her husband. I stopped for a moment, keeping Bill in my mouth as I looked up at Stephanie. Her eyes were focused on my mouth and she looked completely memorized by watching me blow her husband. 

I turned my attention back to Bill and continued my work. Not even a minute later, Stephanie suggested we all move to the bed. Bill quickly pushed me away, jumped out of the tub and went to the bed.

I stood up with my hard penis pointing out from my body and stepped out of the tub. I grabbed a towel and met Stephanie as she was getting out. I held the towel out with both hands as she turned away from me and stepped back into my arms. As I wrapped the towel over her shoulders and around her body, my hands landed squarely on her huge tits. She latched onto my hands with hers and made sure I got a good feel. Her tits felt amazing! It had been so many years since the last time my hands touched her body. 

Stephanie turned away and went to the bed where Bill was laying on his back with his erection pointing to the ceiling. Bill's body looked amazing and at that moment and I felt a strange sense of arrogance knowing that he could be in my mouth again if I chose. 

As Stephanie reached the edge of the bed, she dropped the towel to the floor and crawled hands and knees to Bill's fat cock. As her head went down on his cock, the sight of Stephanie's tiny little ass propped up caused me to snap out of my thoughts when I saw that she had a pink butt plug up her asshole! Her pussy was gorgeous from this angle but that butt plug was an amazing sight to see! The new rules we established a few minutes ago made me grateful for this opportunity and I was damned if I was going to put it to waste.

So, I walked over and slid my body onto the bed behind Stephanie. I planted my hands on her ass and spread her butt cheeks apart. As I did, her cunt lips parted slightly and allowed me to see deep into her bald pussy. I tugged back on the butt plug a few times ever so slightly and watched as it seemed to slide in and out of her asshole easily. It was clear to me that this was a little plug, but it was also clear that this was no virgin asshole. I stopped for a moment to take in this beautiful sight but couldn't wait any longer.

I forced my face into Stephanie's backside and held it there for a brief moment, taking in all the aromas that I had desired for so long. I slurped my mouth onto her open cunt and sucked her pussy lips into my mouth. As I did, Stephanie's ass began to move slowly as she was obviously enjoying the feeling of one man in her mouth and the other giving her head. Her amazing juices instantly filled my mouth and I sucked and licked her cunt with every skill I had. 

After only a short time, Stephanie reached back between her legs and pushed my chin upward. I moved my mouth toward the bottom of her pussy, but she kept pushing my head higher until my mouth reached her plugged asshole. I moved my head away and reached up to get a good hold on the butt plug. As I began pulling it out, Stephanie bore down and shot the plug into my hand! The most amazing thing was not that she shot the plug into my hand, but I couldn't believe how big the plug was! I thought it was going to be small, but the plug was huge! I looked at her gaping asshole with amazement that such a small ass could handle such a big plug. 

I threw the plug onto the bed and dove head first into her gaping anus. The instant that I pushed my tongue deep inside her loose hole, Stephanie stopped sucking Bill's cock and let out an audible squeal. The taste of her asshole was so fucking amazing! Stephanie reached back between her legs and pushed 2 of her fingers into her wet pussy. She began aggressively masturbating and forced her ass backward into my face, my tongue continuing to explore deep inside her ass. She restarted her attack on Bill's cock, but her attention was clearly focused on the work I was putting in on her asshole. 

Not even a minute later, I head Bill's cock pop out of Stephanie's mouth and her entire body began to shudder. Stephanie let out a loud growl and it was clear that she was cumming! Her body locked up as she continued to growl, now uncontrollably. I tried to move my mouth to her pussy, but her fingers were still occupying that space. I waited patiently while Stephanie finished cumming and then took the opportunity to lick up as much of her pussy juice as I could. 

Stephanie's body relaxed and then she calmly said, "Fuck...that was intense."

Stephanie may have just finished cumming, but I wanted more! I forcefully lifted Stephanie's body off the bed and flipped her onto her back. I pulled her knees apart and exposed her swollen pussy. Her bald pussy was now bright pink and her puffy cunt lips stayed apart far enough to show her inner labia and fuck hole. 

Bill moved to his knees and was facing me near Stephanie's head. Stephanie tilted her head back and took Bill's cock into her mouth. She used her feet to push off the bed and force his cock all the way into her mouth. Bill put his hands on Stephanie's face and slowly face fucked her while I watched. After seeing that incredible visual, I dove head first into Stephanie's crotch and began eating her gorgeous pussy. I sucked her cunt with such amazing force that her entire pussy was now inside my mouth. I slid my hand underneath and slammed my thumb into her loose asshole. Stephanie moaned loudly and began moving her body erratically as she continued to enjoy the attention we were giving her. 
