 Author's Note: These stories are based on my life experiences. I had not intended this story to be so long – in fact I had no idea it would take so long to write either. I've never tried writing about my own life before – it's pretty interesting how much comes back to me as I write it too. So far, the biggest problem I have encountered is getting past the really naughty bits. I have a tendency to get a ways into it, and by then, I'm so horny I either have to get myself off, or call Cheryl to come over for a visit (grin!). That is, unless I'm writing when my guy is home, in that case I wind up jumping him instead. Hmmmm, you don't suppose that's why he's been encouraging me to write this do you??? LOL! 

.

Cheryl turned from the guys, shrieked with laughter and ran back towards the water....

As soon as caught up with her, I gasped, "Oh my god Cher, you planned that out perfectly! I thought you were serious!" 

"Katie, I was!!!! I would have fucked Chris right where he sat if I thought I could have gotten away with it and still shown our faces at this beach again! I'm so horny right now, if they followed us into the water, I'd fuck them standing up!!! I told you that pot makes me horny, and you nailed it perfectly. Although a week ago I was just a voyeur, now I've become a shameless exhibitionist and I think if they find us, I will be a little slut too! And I do hope the try to come and find us..."

"Cher, no need to worry about that, I know they will come and find us – did you see the looks in their eyes when we both spread for them? They wanted it so bad they can almost taste it! And, I agree, if they play their cards right they will get to taste it too!" I laughed with her.

We splashed our way into the surf and both dove in unison. 

I loved the cooling feeling of the water on my naked body – and I loved that I was beside this gorgeous, naked olive skinned beauty. I couldn't wait to get my hands on her again, and I couldn't wait to watch others with her too – and that was my plan for tonight.

After we broke the surface and swam out a short distance, I stopped and rolled over on to my back and began to drift. Cheryl did the same beside me – I glanced over and watched the water lapping over her breasts and nipples. I noticed she was doing the same with mine.

"This beach is a pretty amazing place." I said reflectively.

"Oh yes, amazing hardly covers it." She agreed. "I had no idea there was such a place, anywhere like this, let alone here in the middle of Vancouver."

She went on..."I mean, my God, who would think there is a beach that you could openly buy a beer; smoke a joint or buy and eat hash laced cookies; walk around completely, totally, buck assed naked and tease guys until they practically jumped you on the spot – and all completely in public. In a porn movie for sure, but for real – I never would have dreamed it! We absolutely have come back hear again – maybe even next weekend."

"I know what you mean Cher – I have exactly the same feeling as you do about this place" I said, agreeing with her.

We drifted aimlessly for a few minutes – with a few strokes of my hand underwater, I very casually maneuvered a calculated drift closer to her, and I slipped my hand under her ass. It surprised me how such simple act, could feel so sexually charged – I caressed her smooth bottom underwater. She laid back and relaxed completely. I let my fingers slide up the crack of her ass, her legs parted willingly. I knew she was still completely sexually charged and ready for anything.

It was time to tell her my plans. "Cher, I can't believe how we've changed in the course of a week. I mean, I'm completely stunned by all the things we've already done, and yet I know there is far more I want to do too. I so want to have sex with those guys tonight. And not just plain vanilla, boy-on-girl sex, but I mean I want to have wild assed, bare naked, orgy style sex all night long with all three of them."

"Oh shit Katie, so do I, what we need to do is make sure it happens." 

"That's what I've been thinking about, my love."

"You have a plan, don't you?" She breathed excitedly, "Tell me – what are you thinking about?"

"I can only tell you part of it – but if I do, you have to promise you will go through with it all. And I'm warning you – if this plan works, we will be talking about this night for the rest of our lives – because the part I'm not telling you about will be about living out the wildest fantasy I've ever had. Are you in?" I asked her, while silently urging her for a yes; I knew she would be shocked at how it might turn out. I also knew if she said yes, she was taking the first step in being submissive to me.

She got a serious look on her face and looked me steadily in the eye, and said one word "Yes".

"Cher, we need to go into shore soon in case they come looking for us, but first here's my plan – at least the part I'm telling you – are you ready?" I asked her seriously. 

Once again, she looked steadily at me and agreed with the single word "Yes."

"Ok Cher, no backing out. As of now, you will be my submissive for the rest of the night. What ever I ask of you, you will do without question – do you agree?"

She blinked, and thought for a second – in surprise, I'm quite sure, and then agreed with the single word, 'yes' once again. When I noticed the hungry look in her eye, I knew she was going to be good at this.

"Good, that's all I'm telling of my plan right now. Now, we need to leave the beach soon – the sun is going down, it late and I'm getting hungry." I began swimming in and she followed like an obedient puppy. This was going to be another interesting evening, I thought to myself... As soon as we were at waist depth we stopped swimming, and stood up. 

I mustered the sexiest smile I had, took her by the hand and lead her to our blanket. I could see she was nervous, but excited too – I kissed her lightly on the ear, and whispered to her, "Relax, my love, you will have a night to remember, and so will I if this works."

She smiled back, and said "I know and I trust you completely, my love. But I've gotta' tell you, the last time I was this turned on, I got myself off on a bus in public." 

I laughed aloud, and then said seriously "Good, keep yourself on that edge as much as you can, but no action until I say so. Now, let's lie down and fantasize about tonight while wait for the guys to show up..."

It more than 30 minutes before we heard them coming – I heard Keith first, "Hey Chris, Dave, they're over here!" I opened my eyes, and there before me was Keith, his eyes raking over both my body and Cheryl's. I could see Chris and Dave moving towards us about 50 feet away. Dave was carrying their beach bag with them. As commanded earlier, all three of them were naked. I also noticed the beach crowd had diminished significantly – we were the only ones within casual listening difference. Perfect, I thought – I can lay out my plan now... 

I smiled at Keith, and said, "Good hunting – you need a reward for your work. Why don't you sit right here beside me." I sat up and tucked my legs into a cross legged sitting position. As soon as he sat, I put my hand on his inner thigh, leaned towards him and intentionally brushed my right tit against his upper arm. I could see his member twitch immediately. I backed off a little and smiled reassuringly at him. "Don't worry there's more to come this time..."

Cher continued to lie stretched out. "Cher, why don't you sit up too and make room for these guys." Almost immediately, she sat up and flashed me one of her gorgeous smiles. 'Good girl, you deserve a reward too' I thought to myself. Assuming a cross-legged position as well, she positioned herself to allow maximum exposure to all three guys.

As soon as all three were sitting I laughed, and said "Now where were we? Hmmm, lets see we were about to see if you guys would come and find us, naked, and look for a reward. Well, it looks like you have – I think it might be time to talk about how we would like to reward you, at least part of it anyway..."

"I'm sure it will interest you to know Cheryl has graciously agreed to be my sexual slave for tonight." I looked towards her and saw the open mouthed expression of surprise on her face at my revealing her submissive position. I continued, "And because Keith was the first to find us and I've promised him a reward tonight too." I reached around him and gave him a sideways hug – I allowed my right tit to squeeze against his body in doing so. As I released him, I made sure my hard little nipple grazed across his left side and arm. I released him and continued, "For Keith's finder's fee, I'm offering myself as his sexual slave for tonight." I squeezed his thigh with my hand and smiled at him – he had a huge grin on his face. I glanced over at Cheryl, and I could see a smile had crept to her lips once again. "Keith, for every command you give me, I have a choice. I can either do it, or I can pass the command on to my sexual slave Cheryl to do – got it?" Keith nodded and croaked out a "yes". 

I looked to Chris and Dave, and I saw both puzzlement and shock on their faces. "Oh, don't worry guys, you aren't left out of this at all – in fact I'm sure you will get to share in Keith's reward before the end of the night. But you've got to trust me – Okay?"

Both Dave and Chris, nodded seriously and said "Yes, absolutely." 

"Now as with any offer, there have to be rules -- My rule is simple too – no rough stuff, and nothing against my will -- If I say 'no' it means 'no'! Cher, how about you any rules?" 

She looked at me and grinned, "You really are quite the planner aren't you? My rules are the same as Katie's."

I looked to the guys, they were looking at the two of us in disbelief. (In fact, I hardly believed I had just said what I did, but the ball was rolling, and I wasn't about to stop it. "Well, any rules for you guys?"

Dave seemed to speak for all three of them, "Katie, I hardly believe what I just heard, but if you two are really willing to follow through with this, I am." Chris and Keith were nodding and murmuring agreement. Keith piped up at the last moment, and I could have hugged him with happiness that he asked, "Katie, Cher, don't take this wrong, but uh... What about protection?"

I answered seriously, and with straight forward frankness, "Good question – I had actually thought about that, but it slipped my mind. Both Cher and I are on the pill. And although we have been acting pretty crazy since you met us, I can tell you honestly, neither Cheryl, or I, have truly ever done anything like this before in our lives. In fact, up until last weekend, when I flashed you guys, the bravest thing I had ever done was wear a T shirt without a bra and I don't think Cher ever even did that. We're not virgins, but I Cher and I have had only had four guys between us, and they were still in high school." 

I continued "I've always had a bit of an exhibitionist streak in me, but never really done anything about it. After I flashed you guys though, I realized on the spot I needed to fulfill a few more fantasies. You guys happened to be the lucky ones in the right place, at the right time. Cheryl got caught up in me acting out my fantasy – in fact she provoked it more than a little. Well, without making a huge long story of it, let's just say we both went a little crazy after meeting you. But not with other guys -- Cher and I share a dorm room up the hill on campus, and after we got home last Sunday, we were both so turned on, we decided to try a little experimentation with each other. After that we knew we needed to explore this more. "

Dave interrupted my story to add, "We already guessed you were more than just roommates. Don't be offended girls, but I actually wondered if you were strippers. Your bodies are so perfect, and you clearly like showing them off – I just thought..."

I laughed, "Oh my God, no... Not that, we are just a couple of girls exploring our Christian smothered, sexuality. And we want to continue." 

Silence....

"So are you going to help us? I asked teasingly?" 

"Hell yes!" was Chris' reply.

I burst out laughing as I heard both Keith and Dave get out equally affirmative answers.

I had been containing my excitement for about as long as I could bear, "Excellent! Now let's get this evening going!!!" Now laughing with excitement I leaned around and planted a kiss on the side of Keith's very shocked face. He turned his face to mine, our lips met and I immediately opened my mouth welcoming a longer kiss from him.

I disengaged and slid back to my sitting position.

"Guy's I'm hungry, and more that a little baked by the sun. I'd like to suggest we break this off so Cher and I can go get dressed. And just to prove we're not teasing, I'd like to suggest a plan." 

Dave immediately agreed, "One of the rules on this beach is 'Nude, not Lewd' and I think we are coming close to the lewd part." He continued, "So, here's what I suggest. We all get dressed and head up the trail. Cher and Katie, you can go freshen up, we'll walk you to your dorm building, so we know where to pick you up later." 

"Perfect!" I told him. 

"Time to get dressed Cher!" 

Cher reached for our beach bag and pulled out her shear cotton top, and her skirt. She dug a little deeper, pulled out my thin T Shirt and tossed it to me. As I pulled it over my head, I heard Cheryl giggling. "Hey guys, ask her what she's wearing on her bottom." 

I had forgotten completely about my lost thong, I got a jolt of excitement as I realized I would be walking across campus wearing only a very thin T shirt that reached just to the bottom of my ass. The slightest wrong move and my smooth shaven lips will be in view for who ever cared to look. "I explained to the guys, I lost my thong when I was out swimming – this T is all I will be wearing. You guys will protect me won't you though?" I asked seductively. 

The silent one, Keith surprised me saying, "Oh, I'm not sure – it seems to me, I get to decide that. And right now, my decision isn't made." I had forgotten my commitment to be his slave... "Fine," I pouted, "let's go."

We headed for the steps and began the climb out. I led the way on purpose – I figured if I was going to show, I may as well do it the sexiest way I could. I made sure I swung my ass as I walked. I could feel the cool breeze on my cunt, and it felt great. I could hear Cheryl snickering behind me, "Nice kitty, Katie, I'm sure glad you don't mind showing it off – of course you realize, that with every step you take, the guy's here just about have a heart attack." 

Even if these guys had already seen me naked a few minutes ago, I loved the show I was putting on. We reached the top at last – all three of us were puffing lightly from the strain. I never stopped to catch my breath or to wait for my master's decision, though. Instead, I immediately crossed the road and started to head up the sidewalk towards our dorm. 

All four of them had now dropped back about fifteen paces, just enough to leave me walking boldly, almost bare-assed, and virtually alone towards the dorm. It didn't matter – I loved the feeling of public exposure. 

In retrospect, I suppose it was a good thing there weren't too many people on campus, I counted ten that I passed before reaching the entrance to our student residence complex. Two of the people that I passed were completely engaged in a discussion, and didn't even notice me. However, with the rest of the people that passed me I delighted in watching the shock register on their faces as they approached. Several smiled as I passed them. One couple actually stopped and watched as I approached. It was the lone young woman I passed that turned me on the most – she smiled the broadly as I approached, and stopped as soon as I was within a few feet of her and said "Jesus, you're brave!" I too stopped and smiled, "I was down at Wreck all day, if you've never been you have to try it! There is nothing like nude sunbathing." 

"Sure," she smiled, "but that doesn't you being half naked up here! I could see your muff when you walk, and your top is so thin, it practically isn't there!"

"Well, let's see, I lost my bottoms at the beach when I was swimming, " I laughingly explained, "and my top, well, let's just say I like to show what I got! Besides, and my friends, figured since I liked showing off so much anyway, I should walk home like this. I have to admit, I actually like it quite a bit, in fact, it's making me horny as hell," I told her, and smiled broadly. 

She grinned, stepped back a pace, and scrutinized my body from head to toe. I helped her scrutiny a little by lifting the bottom of my T just enough to bring my whole mound into view. "Well you've certainly got the body for it! And oh, by the way, it's making me horny as hell too, but you better get going before somebody catches you!" She laughed back.

"Yeah, you're right, I should. Maybe I'll see you around at the beach? I'm Katie by the way."

She looked thoughtful, and finally answered, "Maybe you will at that." And with that she turned and started on, but not before calling over her shoulder, "See you Katie, the show-off – and my name is Deb!" 

Within a few minutes, I had arrived at our residence, the Place Vanier complex. The complex consists of close to a dozen residence buildings – ours was one of the closest, the Kootney building, and even I felt a little relief at not having to cross through the Commons Block area half dressed.

Within minutes, I was at the door, and I remember thinking 'thank goodness, there is nobody in the lobby of the building.' I waited for Cher to produce the key to let us in, at which point, Dave said, "Okay, it's about five-thirty now, see you girls in about an hour and a half, at seven, okay?" 

I turned and looked at Keith, kissed him on the cheek, and said "My master, maybe you should come with us, just to make sure we really come down?"

"I don't, uh, er, I need to change for dinner." He stammered, completely caught by surprise. He turned to look at the other two guys, who were laughing loudly.

"Don't worry sweetie, we won't eat you – at least just not yet. And besides, the other two can bring you a change of clothing, and you can shower upstairs." I laughed. 

"Yeah Keith," Cheryl chimed in laughing as well, "You can change in our room, at the same time as we do!"

Keith regained his composure, looked at both of us, and I could see a 'what-am-I-crazy' look on his face. He shook his head quickly, as if clearing it, and said, "What the fuck am I thinking, of course I need to come with you!"

He dug into his pocket, and fished out a set of keys and handed them to Dave, "Be careful with her." Was all he had time to say before I propelled him through the doorway.

Cher followed, "See you at seven she called over her shoulder." 

We crossed through the lobby together towards the elevator. The door opened just as we arrived, and two guys stepped out. I thought there eyes were going to pop out of their heads when they saw us. As the elevator door closed I heard "Holy shit did you see that?" and in response, "That lucky bastard!"

I looked to Keith and he had a huge grin on his face – he knew he was a lucky bastard.

The Student Residence we were in was a co-ed building, but each floor was a single gender -- ours was the seventh floor, floors 6 & 8 were the closest guy's floors. I hoped nobody would see Keith on our floor and fortunately, as we stepped from the elevator it was clear the hallways were empty. Mostly I suppose, because we had been lucky enough to get an early move-in date for our building. We walked arm, in arm, in arm, down the hallway to our room. The closer I got to the door, the crazier I started to feel – as soon as we were with 20 feet of our doorway, I unlinked my arm from Keith's grabbed the bottom of my T and stripped it off over my head – leaving me naked except for my sandals. (If you've read the earlier story you will understand).
