 Monday

It was morning now. The distant cry of magpies coming through the open window roused her from a deep sensual dream.

She smiled as fleeting images of it crossed her mind, causing her to feel those familiar feelings of desire as a warm glow spread across her thighs.

Stretching out on the satin covered bed she caught her reflection in the full-length mirror that filled the centre of the ceiling. “Andrea, your not bad looking for an old bag ” she murmured to herself.

Naked, she was covered with a thin coating of sweat, the result of a torrid orgasm filled night when she had masturbated whilst dreaming and thinking about what today was to bring her.

For it was her thirtieth birthday today and she had promised herself that this was to be an extra special week where any wish she desired was to be fulfilled.

And she had a long list of wishes to get through. All of a sexual nature and with varying levels of depravity, she was determined to complete the list. As it was her day- and her life was suppose to begin again today, if the old adage was true – she had long ago decided exactly what she was going to do. She was fed up with life in an almost totally sexless marriage, which consisted of a quick, no nonsense screwing from her husband every other Sunday morning and where the only sexual relief she got was from wanking. From today everything was going to change. She was going to fuck and be fucked until she was red raw and her list had been completed. Then she could go back to her normal routine safe in the knowledge that all her desires had been satisfied. Fortunately, her husband was away on business until Sunday, which made her task all the easier to accomplish.

She checked the clock.

8.23.

She slid out of bed and padded towards the shower. She would have to get a move on if she was to stick to her schedule as the postman (no.1 on her list – a spotty teenage youth who normally sported a massive stiffy in his shorts) usually called at half-past. She stood under the steaming spray and allowed it to flow like a river through the deep valley between her breasts. She resisted the urge to tweak her nipples under the cascading flow and concentrated on soaping herself. She did linger for a moment on her clitoris as she washed her sex but only fleetingly as time was pressing.

From her vantage point in the shower room she had a good view of the road and was able to see everybody who was approaching her home. Hearing the gate open she looked for the postman and was surprised to find that today it was a post woman! Her heart sprang. A woman! An attractive buxom blonde woman as well! Fucking a woman first was not what she had anticipated and she could feel her cunt moisten at the prospect.

She stepped out of the shower and walked naked to the front door, waiting with mounting anticipation. At the precise moment that the post-woman opened the letterbox to push the myriad of letters and cards through, Andrea threw open the door and grabbed her by the arm.

“I’m sorry if I startled you ” said Andrea, “but its my birthday and I thought you were my husband returning from work ”. “Don’t worry” replied the girl, a little taken aback at being accosted by a naked woman, “Happy Birthday anyway” The post woman half turned to leave but couldn’t resist giving Andrea’s naked form a good looking over. She noticed the water dripping from her nipples and felt her panties moisten. She ran her tongue over her lips as her gaze ventured down to her perfectly trimmed minge.

“Please, come in for a moment. I must have given you a bit of a scare grabbing you like that. Let me make you a cup of tea or coffee” “I shouldn’t really, I’ve got my round to finish” Andrea sensed a lack of conviction in the post woman’s voice and decided to press home her advantage. “Just a cup of coffee, 5 minutes, can’t hurt can it?” “OK then, I could do with putting my feet up for a moment”. With that Andrea pulled her into the hall and closed the door.

She led the post woman into the kitchen and motioned for her to sit at the breakfast bar.

“My name’s Andrea by the way. Do you want tea or coffee?”

“Coffee please, one sugar and plenty of milk. I’m Sam. Pleased to meet you”

Andrea smiled over her shoulder. As she waited for the kettle to boil she glanced at Sam from the corner of her eye and saw that she was giving her an appreciative look.

“You don’t mind me staying naked do you? Only I’ve just stepped out of the shower and I prefer to drip dry!”

“Not at all. It’s your house and it’s your birthday. Besides which you have a lovely body.

Andrea smiled warmly and ‘absent-mindedly’ caressed her left nipple, watching to see Sam’s reaction.

Sam’s face reddened slightly as she saw Andrea playing with her tit and she felt her own nipples start to harden inside her bra. How she wished she could take that nipple between her teeth! She shifted slightly on her seat. Andrea brought over two steaming mugs of coffee and set them down on the bar. Standing alongside Sam, she reached into the cupboard next to her to get the biscuits, allowing her right breast to lightly brush against Sam’s hair. Sam moaned softly and felt her knickers become even wetter as her juices flowed. Andrea heard her moan and realised her ploy was working. Very soon, this girl would be gagging for a fuck! She grabbed the biscuits and clumsily offered them to Sam, she succeeded in flicking the top one in the packet down the front of Sam’s open-necked blouse, where it wedged between her heaving tits.

“Oh, silly me” she giggled. “Shall I retrieve it or you?”

“You” stammered Sam in reply

‘Bingo’ Andrea said to herself as she reached forward to remove the offending biscuit. As she grasped it she allowed her fingers to stroke the warm flesh of Sam’s breast. It finally became too much for her and. She grasped Andrea by the waist and with one fluid movement pulled and turned her until her face was level with Sam’s. She kissed her full on the lips and parted her lips so that her tongue could play over Andrea’s.   Andrea responded, opening her mouth to give her full access. Sam’s tongue played over her teeth and their tongues carried out a mock sword fight as the two women snogged. Andrea slipped her hands through Sam’s tightly cropped hair and pulled her tight whilst the post woman’s hands strayed all over her body. 

She let out a low moan as she felt Sam tweaking her nipples between her fingers and thumbs. She pulled away from her willing lovers mouth and guided it to those aching buds. An orgasm started to wash over her as she felt Sam nibble lightly on her left teat. In a blur of fluid movement Andrea tore off Sam’s blouse and bra, revealing her pendulous mammaries and she tweaked her nipples until they resembled hat pegs. Moving her hands lower she found the buttons on her shorts and in one quick movement removed them and her panties, leaving Sam totally naked apart from her post office issued trainers. Pulling herself away from Sam’s eager mouth, she pushed her back onto the counter of the breakfast bar and buried her face between the young girls thighs.

A musky aroma greeted her as she parted her legs. She lightly traced a line up the inside of Sam’s thighs with her fingers, teasing her by stopping just short of her streaming orifice.

“Please,” begged the post woman, “please don’t tease me. Go a little higher, make me come”.

Not one to disobey an order, Andrea moved her fingers up to her lovers vagina, allowing her thumb to brush over her clitoris. As she did so the post woman convulsed and cried out as the first orgasm washed over her. Andrea parted her outer lips and inserted first one then two then three fingers fully into her hot willing snatch, pumping them in and out furiously. A second come was quickly followed by a third as Andrea gave her a finger fucking like no other she’d had before.

“Let me do you as well,” implored the post woman, “after all it is your birthday!”

Without hesitation Andrea climbed on to the counter and straddled her lover so that they were in the 69 position. Sam gripped Andrea’s arse and pulled her fanny down onto her mouth. Her tongue played over her labia and flicked at her clit before spearing into her receptive dripping vulva. Andrea screamed at the top of her voice as another orgasm washed over her and buried her own head between Sam’s eager thighs. They spent the next ten minutes lapping, nibbling and sucking at each other’s foaming cunts and both women lost count of the number of times they came. Finally they parted, the post woman fully satisfied, Andrea happy that she had started her birthday off in just the right way.

“I must get on,” said Sam, “these letters wont deliver themselves.” “Go ahead”, replied Andrea, “thank you, I enjoyed that. If you ever want to do it again, don’t hesitate to give me a call. I’ve got a huge selection of vibro’s, dildo’s and other assorted toys we could have a lot of fun with!”

“I’ll remember that.” With an exaggerated wave of her arm Sam walked off back down the drive to continue her round, a little exhausted, a lot late, but determined to call on her new found lover as soon as possible.

Checking the time again – it was now 9.45 – Andrea hurried into the bedroom to dress. Although she had enjoyed her session with Sam, she’d promised herself one different cock in her cunt for every year of her life. She had enjoyed at least 6 orgasms with Sam but needed some hard virile dicks. She chose a black leather, knee length skirt that zipped all the way down the front and a matching sleeveless top. Dispensing with underwear, what was the point when today’s aim was to get fucked, stockings and a flimsy lace suspender belt completed her outfit. Leaving the bottom 3 inches of her skirt unzipped, she slipped on her 4” heels and set of to find her first conquest, stopping once more to admire herself in the hallway mirror. “Good grief,” she mused to herself, “you look so horny girl that if I was a bloke I’d fuck you myself!” With a coy smile she collected her bag and left.

Driving towards town she was conscious of the seat belt pushing her top against her nipples, helping to keep her aroused. She approached a set of traffic lights and pulled up alongside a minibus. Glancing up she noticed that it contained four burly workmen and they were all staring appreciatively at her. Deciding that she liked the look of the hunk who sat in the passenger seat, she determined that she would have these four as her first conquests. She slipped her hand inside her top and started to caress her nipple. The workmen couldn’t believe their eyes and all four let out a demented squeal at the sight of this leather-clad stunner playing with herself. With a flick of her hair Andrea looked over at them and invited them to follow her.

“If you four think you are brave enough follow me”, she challenged.

At that, the lights changed and Andrea drove off, the minibus dutifully following.

Andrea pulled into a multi-storey car park and made her way to the deserted top level were she parked her car and got out to wait for the workmen. As she waited she slipped a finger into her dripping snatch and stirred up her juices once more. The minibus arrived moments later.

The 4 workmen couldn’t believe what was happening. A gorgeous babe was actually waiting for them! They parked up alongside her and nearly did themselves an injury in their haste to exit their van.

The hunk from the passenger seat moved towards Andrea. “Hi, I’m Dav…” he started to say, only for his words to be stifled as Andrea crushed his mouth tight against hers, pulling him into a deep tonsil lashing snog. Letting him come up for air she turned to all of them. “There’s no need for names boys. I’m on a mission to enjoy myself today and if you want me, I’m yours”. With that she undid the zip on her top and allowed her tits to swing free. The workmen needed no other encouragement. They led her to their van and held the door open for her to climb inside before quickly following her. Pulling the youngest of them towards her aching bosom she commanded them all to strip. “ It’s my birthday boys, and I want to feel all of you in every hole. So get your cocks out and let’s get to it”

Immediately four hardening cocks were dangled in front of her. She made a beeline for the hunkiest and encircled his shaft with her fingers. “Impressive,” she cried, as his prick reached it’s full nine inches. “You can fuck me first.” She bent down and allowed the tip of her tongue to run slowly over his swollen bell-end. She enveloped his hard -on with her lips and started to bob her head up and down it’s full length. A second worker moved behind her and started to finger her dripping snatch whilst the remaining pair busied themselves by sucking on her tits. She squeezed the hunks tightening bollocks and felt his sap rising. Pushing him back onto the seat she straddled him and guided his rampant rod into her willing love hole. A deep moan escaped from her throat as she felt her chasm being filled by this monster of a dick. She felt him start to fuck her with a slow rhythmic motion and came immediately. She motioned to the youngest of the four that he should put his dick in her mouth and told the third to wank himself to keep himself hard. Before she gorged on the youngsters cock she looked straight at the oldest member of the group, the one who had fingered her and said, “If you want to, you can fuck my ass”

He needed no second bidding and after first opening her anus up with a couple of fingers, he pushed his cock into her most secret hole. A series of orgasms washed over her as she frantically used her body to satisfy the workmen. She felt the youngsters cock start to spasm in her mouth and almost gagged as he came and let loose a tremendous amount of spunk down her throat. He withdrew, his weapon spent, and was immediately replaced by the fourth worker, who had been patiently waiting his turn. Moments later the one in her ass groaned and shot his load over her back. This prompted her to come again and at the same time the hunk in her cunt shot his seed deep into her, closely followed by the one in her mouth. 

The four workmen continued to swap places and for the next 2 hours every hole in her body was plugged by at least one rampant rod. She was fucked in every conceivable way: two cocks in her mouth at the same time as one in her cunt and another in her ass! She even managed to fit two in her straining snatch whilst sucking on the other two. Whenever a cock was removed from her it was immediately replaced by either another or by searching fingers. When she finally left the workmen in their van they had each shagged her to completion in her mouth, cunt and ass. As a finale she had allowed them to wank off over her body, covering her from head to toe with their hot steaming juice. 

Sliding back behind the wheel of her car Andrea caught her reflection in the rear-view mirror. She noticed that her hair was now dishevelled and matted with lumps of spunk. She saw that little globules of come had slid down her neck, leaving snail like trails that meandered towards the natural valley of her cleavage. Her make-up – so beautifully applied that morning – was in need of a touch up and her lipstick had all come off. Reaching for a packet of Wet-ones that were kept in the glove box she mused that she looked just like a £20 a time whore. Then she realised that she was actually acting like a whore!

As she cleaned herself up, she became aware that she ached like hell and that her mouth, cunt, arse and nipples hurt the most. But it was a good hurt, like the sort you got after a good exercise session. She realised that it would get worse before the week was out. Determined to reach her goal, she threw the used Wet-ones into a bin, straightened out her now creased clothing and drove out of the car park. She waved to the bemused, shagged out workmen and headed for the local swimming pool to use their showers and have a relaxing swim to refresh her aching body.