 This is an entry to the 2014 Winter Holidays Contest. Contains MFM group sex, BDSM, a touch of exhibitionism, mentions of bisexuality and fried chicken, and far too much drinking. Self-edited so apologies for any errors. Please vote and comment. 

***

There's a standard joke when the UK is hit with cold weather - that we're utterly unable to cope. Even a sprinkling of the white stuff brings the road and rail networks virtually crashing to a halt. Schools close, people can't get to work, supermarkets are swamped by panic buyers and tabloids declare 'SNOWMAGEDDON!'

Despite this, young people still go out clubbing wearing virtually nothing. I can remember Christmas and New Year's Eves in my late teens, standing at the top of my hometown by the clock tower dressed solely in a skimpy dress and light jacket, with 4- inch heels, while howling gales blew around us and we tried to flag down a taxis brave enough to battle the icy conditions. Several around me wouldn't even have coats. To this day, I still have no idea how we never managed to end up in hospital with either hypothermia or broken bones. Either beer overcoats are marvellous things, or there were a few guardian angels looking after us...

***

"We'll never get in. Look at how many people are still in front of us!"

Anna barely heard Jo whining, she was shivering too much, and crossing her bare legs as too many Bacardi Breezers made themselves known to her bladder. 

When they jumped out of the taxi, the queue outside Flames had snaked around the corner. Jo had asserted straightaway that that getting into the nightclub was their priority, instead of going to another bar first for Anna to make a desperate loo stop. After all, it wasn't even ten o'clock yet. Any normal Saturday night and they would have been drinking and dancing within minutes, but two weeks before Christmas and it appeared the Christmas spirit of partying was out en masse.

They had barely moved in the last half hour, and the bitter snowflake-ridden wind was whistling through her jacket and skimpy elf costume underneath. Jo hadn't been so foolish; her friend's full-length cashmere coat was much thicker, longer and warmer, and the reindeer outfit included knee-length boots and gloves so her digits weren't exposed to the elements. 

"J-Jo, I r-r-r-really n-n-need the l-loo! I'm going to w-wet myself." At least that may temporarily warm her goose pimpled legs up. 

Her friend stopped moaning for a bit and turned to her. For the first time she registered how cold the leggy, skin-baring Anna was, "Bloody hell, you look on the verge of hypothermia." She glanced around, "There's a nice chicken place a couple of doors past the entrance to Flames, try there."

Anna didn't move for a moment.

Jo gave her a gentle shove in the right direction, "Go! And have some food, it'll help keep you warm. I'll text you if a miracle occurs and this queue starts moving. Bring us some chips back, I'll need something too if we're stuck out here for much longer."

"O-O-OK." Anna tottered off towards the brightly-lit restaurant with its cheerful cockerel logo. On the way, she passed the front of the queue, guarded by black-clad bouncers in their thick coats, gloves and hats, and the scantily dressed smokers in a huddle held together by posts and rope. She could hear the thud of music coming from inside, spiking every time a door opened, and felt a dash of envy for anyone who was already in there.

Just walking into the restaurant was a relief, the warmth orgasm-like on her body. She groaned. Huddles of people on their way out glanced at her, and if she'd been able to get colour in her icy cheeks, she would have blushed at the attention. The staff were taking last orders, so she found the number of a vacant bar-height table, ordered some chicken and chips and scurried to the loo.

Her hands shook as she locked the cubicle door and pulled down her string knickers. She groaned again as her bladder unloaded. It was almost a pleasure. The hot water on her cold hands helped to warm her up, defrosted her enough that she felt nearly normal by the time she re-entered the restaurant. 

She rejoined her perch by a large group of tinselled-up, smartly dressed men and women while she waited for the food. From the sound of it, they'd also had a fair few drinks that night. The men were mostly wearing matching black blazers with some kind of red badge on the left breast, although they must have been warm as a few had stripped them off to display festive-themed jumpers or shirts, resembling Christmas versions of garish Hawaiian shirts.

One of them...she squinted at the pattern, and giggled as she realised how rude it was. Santa being fucked by a chain of elves, with a dominatrix Mrs Claus looking on. The wearer was almost asleep in his chips, he had to be elbowed awake by his neighbour.

A throat was cleared, "Oi boys, laydeez and pissheads, these are your passes. They'll get you plus one guest into Flames, VIP entrance." The chap speaking passed out some printed cards. "You can go straight in, or drink somewhere else first. We don't have to be there for another hour or so, take your time and find a companion if you dare."

A fair bit of ribald commentary followed. Anna unashamedly eavesdropped, stifling further giggles. It was obvious they all knew each other well and were comfortable teasing. Within the group, there appeared to be different factions, either coupley, single women or single men. A couple of the taller men caught her eyes and smiled, she blushed as she looked away. She glanced back, and they were still smiling at her. She crooked her mouth in a nervous facsimile. This time, the attention did make her blush. Her body warmed further.

They were really hot, strong-featured mirror images with dark and light colouring. She liked tall and well-built men too, those who didn't make her feel like an Amazon next to them. She should be braver, she and Jo were both single after all. Their searing eyes ran up and down her body, and she pondered whether to flirtily approach them.

"Half a chicken and chips?"

Her attention was brought to the plate being laid on her table. In her earlier state, she had forgotten to ask for a takeaway. She took one glance at the cold outside, and decided to gobble it down where she was.

As she ate, the large group upped and left, chairs squeaking and voices laughing. Apart from a couple more wishful glances at the tall guys, Anna's concentration was on the tasty chicken, and feeling normal circulation gradually returning to her body. 

Minutes later, the plate was clear apart from a few cooling chips she wrapped in napkins and stuck in her bag for Jo. Standing up, a spindly red heel caught on something, a pile of fabric on the floor. It was one of their blazers. Picking it up and shaking off bits of golden glitter, she glanced around, expecting the owner to return and tick her off for carelessly standing on the smart wool. She was the only person left in the restaurant, apart from a couple of members of staff mopping the floor.

Perhaps she could catch up with them? Stepping to the door, she grasped the handle, felt the cold breeze and glanced down at the garment in her hands. She gave it a cautious sniff, then a deeper, more appreciative one. Mmmm, nice aftershave. The owner wouldn't mind if she wore it for a few minutes, would they? 

That was far too cheeky, she should leave it at the restaurant to be collected. She turned to go back in.

"Lady, we're closing soon." Overhead lights flickering off underlined the cleaner's statement.

The decision had been made for her, she could find their group again in Flames and drop off the coat. Until then, she could benefit from the extra warmth. She shrugged it on, the capacious fabric swamped but warmed her up. 

Jo would be wondering where she was. She hurried out of the door and stepped carefully down the street, through the increasing blizzard, back towards Flames. Sticking her hands in the pockets, she felt a bit of card. Of course - one of their special passes. 

Slowing near the entrance, it didn't seem the queue had moved at all. However, people were being let in with passes similar to the one her fingers were curled around. 

Could she?

Well, the card wouldn't be used and she was doing them a favour by returning their blazer. An extra-strong blast of arctic wind along with the whirling snowflakes made the decision for her. She could see the blonde head of Jo peeking out from the queue, so she waved frantically at her.

Jo shrugged her shoulders in puzzlement.

Anna motioned for her to come forward.

Jo reluctantly left her spot and walked towards her. She had a light dusting of snow on her shoulders and the reindeer antlers, "Are you OK? And where did you get that coat from?" she hissed.

"I'm returning it to someone who left it in the restaurant, they've gone in here."

"But it doesn't even look as if we're getting in, loads of people have given up, and I'm now as cold as you were."

"Yeah, nice dandruff." Anna grinned and brushed the gathered snowflakes away, "Just follow me." She grabbed her friend's hand and confidently walked towards the doormen, pulling the card out of her pocket at the same time. 

They seemed to recognise the jacket, pulling the doors open with only a cursory glance at the card as it was exchanged for fluorescent green wristbands. Then they were inside, the indistinct thud of the music becoming clearer. The bag check held them up just briefly, as Anna discreetly binned the soggy chips Jo had pulled a face at. They were ushered down the corridor towards flashing lights and deafening beats.

Anna had forgotten how big the club was; she felt a moment of disquiet at her chances of finding the blazer's owner in such a cavernous yet packed place. 

Jo pulled her towards the cloakroom shouting, "That was brilliant. We can dump our stuff off, then see if we can find your blazer's owner. It is a blazer, isn't it?"

While they waited in the much-shorter queue, Anna shrugged the wool off and they examined it. Below the emblem on the breast were the words, 'Harford Park RFC'.

"You've nicked a rugby player's jacket!" laughed Jo. "Is there a name or anything else in the pockets?"

Their rummaging came to naught, no name or anything identifiable. Anna handed over her own jacket in exchange for a ticket and kept the blazer, pulling it back on even though she didn't need it in the warm atmosphere. She tried wearing it slung over one shoulder, dropped off both shoulders or held by a finger 80s-style.

Jo sniggered as she handed her own coat over to the cloakroom staff, "An elf wearing a blazer?"

"D'ya think it suits me?" Anna twirled, giggling. "What's our plan of attack?"

"Make-up repair, drinks, searching out sexy Cinderella rugby players to see if the blazer fits, and dragging them home for rampant sex?"

"Game on."

Their outfits had been decided a few weeks earlier, both festive variations on a theme of short and sexy with flirty tutu skirts. Jo loved the soft brown reindeer outfit, while Anna opted for the dark green elf costume which looked dramatic against her copper hair and pale skin. They weren't the only ones dressed up; there were plenty of other elves, Santas, angels, snowmen, trees, in fact, anything with or even without a Christmas theme. Like most places they had tripped into that evening, the club had been festooned with lashings of cheap decorations and Christmas tunes were being pumped out. 

"You still on the Breezers?" Their visit to the loos didn't take long and they sashayed to one of the bars overlooking the dance floor. 

Anna pulled a face, "Yuck, I hope not. What bottles do they have here that aren't beer?"

Although neither was keen on sickly-sweet alcopops, in the past they had lost expensive glasses of booze when drunkards had catapulted into them. Having learnt that bottles were easier to protect from upset and more nefarious plots, they always stuck to them when clubbing.

The girls surveyed the fridges, and both cooed with delight when they spotted a couple of less-sweet mixers and ciders. Mission two accomplished. Leaning back against the bar, they started examining the club's patrons.

"So, what did these players look like then?" Jo lifted her drink at a fellow looking them both over.

"Hmmm." Anna dredged her memories, "There were about twenty or more of them, including a few women, twenties to forties, all fit and active-looking, a mix of races and heights but mostly white or light-skinned."

"Good so far. Unfortunately won't stand out in this bunch though. Clothes?"

"Men in blazers like this, Christmas jumpers, Christmas shirts. Bad taste stuff, apart from the blazers. The women had coats on, I didn't see what was underneath. They may not be here yet though, the chap giving out the passes said they had another hour or so."

"OK, let's assume that if they had more blazers, they may have checked them in to the cloakroom."

"Correct. That applies to the Christmas jumpers too; it's far too warm in here for them. So..." Anna paused for Jo to summarise.

"Our best clues are the bad-taste shirts, and that they'll be in a large group." 

"We could just get the DJ to make an announcement?"

"Nah, where's the fun in that?"

They both giggled and clinked their almost-empty bottles together. Having something to do apart from dance or drink appealed to them both. Waiting outside had taken the buzz off, and the music was far too cheesy to dance to sober, an alcohol top-up was required first. In no time, the second round was in and they returned to evaluating the club.

"So, plan of attack for our third mission?" Anna smiled at a cute lad eyeing up her legs but his gaze stayed fixated on the supple limbs and she sighed in exasperation. She knew Jo through their cycling club, they had met up on a ride and found out they had similar interests. Toned legs were a beneficial side-effect of all the pedalling they did while chatting about men and sex and nights out. Unfortunately, some men were slightly distracted when they got their pins out, they usually avoided them.

"A drink in each bar, starting at the bottom. The rugby crowd usually congregate nearer the top VIP bar. And these are VIP passes. We'll leave the best 'til last.

"Cool, let's go."

A few drinks, dances and some flirty conversations and phone number exchanges later, they were in the corner of the VIP upper bar, courtesy of their wristbands. Thanks to the food Anna had consumed, she still felt relatively sober but Jo was well on her way.

"I think we have the best outfits," declared Jo tipsily. "I am the sexiest reindeer and you are the comeliest blazer-wearing elf." For the umpteenth time that night, they clinked bottles but Jo then used hers to gesture a few yards away, "Well, apart from that petite redhead there in the angel outfit. Is that leather? It's kinky as fuck, that's what it is."

There were plenty of women wearing angel costumes, but this was in a class of its own. The white, glossy leather hugged her slender body like a second skin, the sweetheart neckline and hem both plunging dramatically. It seemed to demurely cover and brazenly expose at the same time. Her boots were snug to her thighs, suicidally high, and a white leather which matched her dress and gloves. Her wings and halo were feathered, glinting in the dim light. In fact, her whole body seemed to glow with light and purity.

The more Anna stared at the strawberry blonde in the outrageous dress, the more she seemed to look familiar, "Isn't that Lindsay? She cycles with us sometimes." 

"What?" Jo went on tiptoes to get a better look, "Hang on, it is her! Well spotted, she looks different out of Lycra..." Her voice trailed off as the music changed to an old Eurythmics hit, and the angel gestured for two men in black to dance with her.

They watched open-mouthed for several minutes as Lindsay moved between an auburn-haired and a darker angel, clad in contrasting black leather with black wings and thick black collars. Hands on her body showed their familiarity but she was somehow also in control of them. Every movement of the trio was sex personified, not coarse but sensual. They danced further away, almost merging with the shadows.

"Fuck me, that's hot." Jo gulped some of her drink down. "She's got...two men?"

"Dark angels. I'm not sure who's playing with whose heart but they look besotted with her." Anna caught a glimpse of some bad-taste shirts and a familiar-looking jacket nearby, "Plus she's with the Harford rugby crowd. Look, a blazer!"

"Mission accomplished." Another clink. "Now, how do we approach...fucking hell." 

Straining to see into the darkness, they caught a glimpse of the two men both kissing opposite sides of Lindsay's exposed neck, as she ran her hands through their hair, down to their buttocks, palming them possessively.

"My knickers are totally, totally wet. Bloody hell," gasped Jo. 

Anna was finding it rather distracting too. As well as the angelic trio, the men who she'd seen earlier were there, and staring at her appreciatively. Both were tall and well-built with Germanic looks, one had blond hair and was wearing a forest green silk shirt, the other tanned olive skin and dark hair which toned marvellously with his deep red shirt. Their hats matched their shirts. Elf costumes, if a little half-hearted. They were close to Lindsay's group, leant against a wall and drinking from bottles of beer. One of them must have said something to Lindsay as she glanced their way. 

Anna and Jo waved, Lindsay seemed to recognise them straightaway and signalled for them to come over.

"Here goes," muttered Anna.

Halfway there, Jo called, "I need the loo, too much to drink. I'll catch up with you." She changed course and zoomed off through a nearby door.

That left Anna to tread the remaining yards by herself. Not awkward at all. As something to do, she shrugged the blazer off and folded it over her arm. 

"Hi!" She lifted her free hand. "Jo's gone to the loo."

"Hey Anna, small world. Having a good night?" The redhead's attention was caught by the blazer on her arm. "Is that...?"

"Yeah, someone left it behind in the restaurant a couple of doors down, we've been trying to locate the owner."

"That's good of you. Do you want to keep trying, or shall we relieve you? I suspect I know whose it is, an afternoon of drinking caught up with him and he went home in a taxi." 

"You're welcome to take it." It was a relief to hand it over; the club was too warm for extra layers and they'd already had all the fun they could. Anna felt the need to confess, "I'm afraid we used the pass to get in, we'd been stuck outside for nearly an hour and were about to give up."

"Oh, it's good you did, it would have been wasted otherwise. I saw the queue when we arrived and I can't imagine how horrible it was for you." Lindsay placed it on a sofa behind them and turned to the dark angels she'd been dancing with. "Boys, meet Anna, I cycle with her. Anna, meet Gavin and Adam."

They both politely smiled at her, their attention returning immediately to Lindsay.

"Are they your...?" Anna didn't know how to ask.

"Yes, they're both mine. I'm a dominant, a Domme, and they're my submissives."

"Wow, that would explain the outfits, and the collars."

"We've had a few Christmas parties to go to, so it was worth having them made." Lindsay cocked an eyebrow, "You know about BDSM?"

Anna was glad that the dim light would cover her blush, "Mostly what I've read, or what Jo has told me about. I've only tried some light stuff with an ex, he wanted me to peg him but I didn't really enjoy it. He used a cock ring too, to stop him coming. That I liked, and some backdoor play..."

"Anal?" filled Lindsay. "Butt plugs?"

Anna nodded in embarrassment; their conversation had taken a dramatically blatant turn. "I was keen to try other stuff, but it was always him wanting stuff done to him, I wasn't getting much out of it."
