 When I moved down to London from the north aged thirty I soon got in with a promiscuous crowd, largely through visits to strip pubs and the old Craigs list. It comprised all sorts, bored housewives, randy divorcees or widow(er)s, assorted nymphos, straights and gays, as well as horny single guys like me looking for what London's sex scene had to offer.

One guy had a version of strip poker that as far as I know was unique, which we'd sometimes play at raunchy parties. We would try to get together equal numbers of men and women, ideally two or three of each. Each player was dealt a hand of a few cards, and the rest of the deck was left face down on the table. The cards themselves were worth a comment. On the back was a picture of a well stacked naked woman squatting wide legged in front of a naked man standing with his hard up dick in her mouth. You can imagine how the king, queen and knave were depicted!

The rules were simple. Each player took a card from the deck, and either added it to their hand or put that card or another from their hand face down next to the deck. The aim was to accumulate a set, which might be consecutive numbers in a suit, a set of ace, king, queen, knave etc. When a player got a set, he or she called "show", and all the other players had to show their hands. All the players' number cards were added up, and the player who'd called "show" took a garment off the player with the lowest total. Simple! The speed of the game could be controlled by specifying the number or type of cards making up a set, or by the number of garments a player was wearing!

As soon as a player was nude they dropped out of the game, which speeded things up. Also when they got nude they took a "forfeit" card, like chance in Monopoly. There were blue forfeit cards for guys and pink for girls. Forfeits were things like showing your masturbation technique, doing a kinky nude pose, confessing early sex experiences and the like. The last person with any clothes left on was the winner.

Though we were sometimes drunk when we played and my memory has faded I recall a couple of memorable games. 

Obviously it could happen that you had to take a garment off someone of the same sex if they lost to you. On one occasion a guy about my age lost to me. I'd gathered he was a bit gay and had wondered through the game what it would feel like if he stripped me naked. As his clothes came off we saw was wearing tiny pink pastel shiny satin women's panties with a little pink bow decorating the front waistline. They would have looked brief on a woman but on him they looked microscopic. His erection pushed them out in a huge ridge showing the outline of his shaft and big round penis head in perfect detail. His big smooth hairless balls were peeping out at the sides where his erection pushed his panties away from his body.

Wearing just those women's panties and a gold chain round his neck he lost to me. He stood with a big grin on his face, obviously pleased a guy was going to strip him. He shoved his hips forward for me remove his panties. His bulging panties showed was obviously massively erect and on the brink of a cum, and there was already a wet patch where his panties were taut over his penis head. I think a girl had given his cock a good stroking when she removed his jeans at the last round. 

Feeling randy I decided to finish the job. Instead of pulling his panties off straight away I panty wanked him. I stroked the ridge of his straining hard cock through the thin taut satin, catching his knob and his sensitive frenulum with the crook of my fingers. At the same time I stroked his bum and reached under him from behind to tickle his arse. Almost as soon as I'd started he gave a strangled grunt, clenched his buttocks together and thrust his hips forward. That thrust shoved his cock out up above the top hem of his panties and I took him to his cum stroking his naked cock. His white creamy semen fountained in an arch from his nozzle onto the floor. His cock was still swinging half erect and dripping semen when I pulled his panties right down. That left him naked but we took his cum spurt as sufficient forfeit!

A high point for any guy was when he removed a woman's last item of clothing to leave her nude. Throughout a game which I'll never forget I'd had my eye on a raven haired beauty, a single girl in her late twenties called Amanda. We'd been chatting before someone suggested a game and I'd gathered she also had the hots for me. With steadily growing lust I'd watched her skimpy party dress come off, and I'd been lucky enough to take one of her black fishnet stockings off. Another player's wife, a plumpish but sexy woman in her forties, removed Amanda's white bra, revealing her hefty pair of big round boys' dream bouncers. 

I couldn't believe my luck when Amanda, now just in tiny white cotton panties which showed the shadow of her dark bush through the thin taut cloth, lost to me. In the previous round she'd removed my shirt, leaving me just in my briefs. As part of the process of Amanda slowly removing my shirt I'd had a nice fondle of her bottom and her big naked breasts and she'd slipped her hand down inside my briefs for a feel of my cock and balls. My cock felt it was about to burst out through my briefs.

Amanda came across to where I was sitting for me to take her panties off. Her big breasts bounced deliciously with her steps. She turned her back on me, bent over so her big breasts were swinging over the card table, grinned at me over her shoulder and wiggled her bottom at me. Her panties were just a thong strap nestling in the valley between her bum cheeks at the back. I ran my fingers slowly down the thong strap and she spread her legs for me to slip my hand under her. She gasped and quivered with arousal when I stroked her mound and ran my finger along the cameltoe of her vagina through her panties from behind. When slipped her panties right down and off she spread her legs really wide for me to have a good feel of her hairy pussy and to tease her vagina lips with my fingers. Amanda turned and stepped a foot up onto the table for me to kiss her cunt. She was the first player fully nude, and the others cheered and clapped. 

Now being nude she had to take a girl's forfeit card. It read: "show the person who took your last garment off what sex position you'd like them to have you in." Amanda gave me a mischievous grin, then with her dark eyes meeting mine she lay back on the floor, slowly and smoothly spread her legs and folded them up till her knees were near her shoulders. She ran her hand slowly down her front across her navel, and through her thick dark bush. She slipped her fingers into her gaping vagina and her breasts quivered and she gave a little gasp as she showed me how she'd be masturbating if I didn't fulfil her wish.

Amanda stood there nude watching as the game continued. I could hardly wait for that game to finish so I could get my hands on her! Finally I lost to the another woman player who was by then nude except for her purple lacy suspender belt. She squatted in front of me like the girl on the back of the cards. She pulled my briefs down then licked and sucked the lust swollen head of my cock and massaged it in her mouth with her tongue. I thought I was going to cum in her mouth, but she stopped, leaving my cock feeling as if it was going to explode. 

I was now completely naked, and as soon as my cock was out of her mouth I picked up a forfeit card and read it out: "get erect and jerk one off." I hardly needed to be asked! After stripping Amanda, feeling her naked body in my hands, seeing her pose in the sex position she wanted me to have her in, having my cock sucked to the brink was the last straw. I just had to masturbate! 

Seeing me standing there and wrapping my fist round my shaft Amanda quickly snuggled herself next to me with her boobs pressed against my arm, her bush brushing my naked thigh and her bum in easy reach of my spare hand. The woman in the purple suspenders who'd sucked my cock squatted in front of me again holding her breasts up just in front of the head of my cock. I stroked a delicious one off, caressing Amanda's bum with my spare hand until I jerked my load over the breasts of the woman squatting in front of me.

I stayed to watch the woman in purple suspenders win the game then leave hand in hand with her partner, looking for a spare bedroom. The party was still going but Amanda and I had decided we'd found our partner for the night. We left together and took a taxi back to her flat. The two of us played our own undressing game, without the need for cards. Then with Amanda on her bed in the sex pose she'd shown me, a knave had his queen!