 Finally the car is packed and we're feeling excited as we pull out of the driveway. Just one stop and we're off for a weekend away. I look at my beautiful wife in the passenger seat and put my hand on her leg. In the back we have all the essentials for a weekend away. Some nice champagne, plenty of snacks and food, a few bath bombs and a couple of toys from under the bed. 

It's Friday, we've flagged work early and the weather is perfect. 

We pull into the driveway of the house of our always reliable playmate. He's ready to go and jumps into the back of the car and throws his pack in the back. The excitement builds. 

We make some small talk as we travel down the freeway. Our destination is a cabin in the south, two nights of alone time in the forest. 

We all agreed to abstain from cumming for a couple of days leading up to the weekend and the conversation subject changes to that. 

My wife and I usually don't go for more than a day without, but for the previous nights we played around but didn't cum. We talked about edging with our playmate for a bit. Needless to say we were both super horny. Thankfully he'd followed through with his end of the bargain also. With that said, my wife, from the passenger's seat, starts to stroke my cock through my pants. I'm already hard. She undoes my zip and button to give me some more space. As she settles back into her seat, our playmate leans forward and touches her arms and shoulders.

My wife often plays with my cock as we drive, or she enjoys me slipping my hands between her legs and rubbing her swollen clit. It's a great way to make the journey feel short and we always arrive super horny. This is the first time we've done the journey with our playmate. 

I slid my hands towards my wife's crotch under her dress. She moans a little. She's already wet. No knickers. I love my wife. 

She pulls my cock out of my pants and strokes it as I try to drive straight. I'm enjoying her playing with me and she escalated the sexcapades by going down on me as we drive while our playmate watches from the back. Always a little awkward to position, but always super enjoyable. I'm rock hard and luckily the road isn't busy.

Not to leave our playmate bored my wife climbs into the back and slips her hands into his pants. I watch them kissing through glimpses in the rear vision mirror. 

I see her enjoying him touching her and his hands cupping her breasts and running up her legs. She opens her legs a little for him as he moves his hands towards her wet pussy. I hear moans coming from the back. 

She pulls his hard cock from his pants and strokes it. What a tease. 

As we pass through each town we pack away the sexcapades but they re-emerge on the open highway. I have my wife playing with my cock from the back seat, then she's leaning over the centre console to kiss me while our playmate kisses her beautiful ass. 

The time flies and we're getting close to our destination, time to act sensible. Clothes are adjusted and erections are deflated.

We park at the reception, which is also a winery. My wife runs in to pick up our keys and next we're driving down the bumpy gravel track to our cabin. It's beautiful. 

Set by the river, tall green trees and plenty of privacy. We quickly throw our suitcase into the cabin, and food into the fridge. Champagne is on ice and the spa bath is filling. We're running on some kind of horny efficiency. Our playmate brings in some glasses as I kiss my gorgeous wife. I run my hands over her body, enjoying her curves. She looks amazing in dresses. Our playmate drops the champagne and glasses by the tub and join in. My wife turns to kiss him as I run my hand over her body, she moans slightly as I slip my hand beneath her dress. She turns to me, encouraging me to help her out of her dress. I lift it over her shoulders and she stands naked in front of us. Beautiful in the afternoon light streaming through the open windows. 

She encourages us out of our clothes and soon she is standing between our naked bodies. We both run our hands over her gorgeous body, taking turns to kiss her lips, her neck and her back. She feels the warmth of our naked bodies against her, our hard cocks pressing against her. In turn my wife runs her hands over our playmate's body as I kiss the back of her neck. She runs her hands down his tight body and over his cock as he moans. She strokes his hard cock gently while she kisses his chest before turning to face me. I kiss her passionately as she puts her hands on my body, enjoying her hands on me. Our playmate presses his body against her and continues to touch and kiss her back. I grab her gorgeous ass and pull her tight into me. We continue to kiss, my wife enjoying being wedged between us. 

Grabbing us both by our hard cocks she leads us into the tub and we enjoy watching her sink into the warm water before sliding into the spa ourselves. My beautiful wife between sits between us as we calm down a little sipping on some champagne. 

My wife strokes my, still, hard cock as we make conversation. She rests her legs over ours and our playmate gently rubs her pussy. By the time the first glass has been drunk we're ready to move to the bedroom and my wife leads the charge. 

We watch her emerge from the water, her dripping wet, us enjoying the view. She takes a towel. I climb out and help her dry off, and she returns the favour helping us dry off we head to king bed. 

She lies in the middle and we both join her on each side. We take turns to kiss her lips as we run our hands over her beautiful body. Our hand roam over her shoulders, breasts and stomach. She moans as we touch and kiss her everywhere. While our playmate is kissing her lips I move down to her feet. I kiss her toes and continue to run my hands over her. Our playmate move down to kiss her other foot, and my wife lies back enjoying us. Slowly we kiss and touch every part of her making our way up her body. She spreads her legs a little while we kiss the inside of her thighs. I make my way to her beautiful pussy. It's already wet. I tease her by kissing and licking around her pussy. She moans. I move my tongue closer and closer to her clit, she spreads her legs further. I taste her wet pussy and it tastes great. My excitement builds as I continue to lick her before finally running my tongue over her swollen clit. She moans and lifts her hips from the bed. Our playmate as moved to her breasts and has been kissing and teasing his way to her nipples. He sucks on her nipple and gently bites her as I lick her clit. We make a good team, pleasuring my wife together.

We continue to kiss and lick her. Our playmate moves between her legs and I move up to kiss my wife on her lips. I kiss her while our playmate licks her dripping pussy. 

My wife puts her hand on my body and kisses my neck and chest. I feel her hand making her way down to my hard cock. With some repositioning, she rubs my cock before kissing down to it. She licks the shaft. I moan. She moans as she's still having her pussy licked. She puts her mouth over my cock and sucks me. I'm super horny and is feels great. She sucks me off and licks the precum from the end of my cock, but stops before I get too close to cumming. My cock is super sensitive from abstaining from cumming and we're all very horny. 

My wife turns her attention to our playmate. I run my fingers down her back as she kisses him. She kisses his body all over and I watch her kiss down to his big hard cock. She plays with it, stroking is and playing with his balls. I continue to touch her as she licks his cock. He moans also. She puts his big cock in her mouth. I watch her pleasuring him. I watch her beautiful body. Glistening wet pussy. I rub her clit with my fingers. She continues to suck his big cock. I move down to join her. She kisses me at the end of his cock before putting her tongue back on his shaft. I do the same and soon we are both kissing and licking our playmates cock. He lies on his back and enjoys us pleasuring him. I lick his balls as my wife sucks him. She takes his cock from her mouth and offers it to me. I put him in my mouth. He continues to moan as my wife makes her way back and kisses his lips. I continue to suck his cock. He is rubbing my wife's clit and she is moaning also. 

My wife climbs on top of our playmate and continues to kiss him. His big hard cock is pushing against my wife's pussy and I'm licking his balls and my wife's pussy as she rubs against him. They both moan. She's extremely wet and his cock glides over her pussy and I'm enjoying the view of my wife's beautiful body against our playmate. I help direct his big cock into my wife's wet pussy. They both moan as he sides into her, filling her beautiful wet hole. I watch his big cock slide into my wife as I play with his balls and touch my wife. He pushes deeper into her until his balls are all that remain visible. 

I enjoy the site for awhile. Our playmate slowly moving inside of my wife, listening to them both moan.

I continue to run my hands over my wife's beautiful ass. I kiss her back and slowly move up to her neck. She turns to kiss me and while we kiss our playmate continues to move his cock inside of her. I know her wet pussy feels amazing and I'm enjoying him enjoying her! 

She move her body up and lets his cock come out of her as she pushes me onto my back on climbs on. Still kissing me, she pushes her pussy against my cock and it easily sides into her used pussy. I moan with pleasure. She is so wet and I love it. 

My wife continues to ride my cock, and our playmate has taken a new position kissing my wife's body. I fell his hard stroking my balls adding to the sensation. 

I try to pick a pace that'll keep me in the game as my cock is already rock hard.

My wife starts to stoke our playmate and encourages him to bring his cock to her. She sucks him while riding me and soon we're both licking and sucking his beautiful hard cock while I'm buried deep in my wife. 

I'm in total ecstasy and close to blowing my load. I encourage my wife to slide off my cock and she climbs back onto our playmate. I take a position to watch his big cock slide in and out of her, enjoying the sounds they are making. I continue to touch my wife and playmate, and soon I'm kissing her back again. I allow my cock to slide against her ass while trying not to disrupt their rhythm. 

I continue to kiss my wife and my cock is rubbing against our playmates cock and my wife. I push my cock a little and I can feel the extreme slipperiness of my wife's juices over our cocks. I can feel the warmth of her pussy and hear her heightened moan. My cock is entering my wife's pussy too. We're both inside my wife's pussy! Our playmate moans too as my cock slides up against his and her pussy tightens around us. We're all extremely aroused! We start to move in unison, and my wife moans become very rhythmic and more intense. The tightness and movement feels incredible! 

I realise that my wife and playmate are close to cumming. I can feel her pussy get even wetter! His cock is rock hard and his fucking is more intense. That is turning me on. My wife is telling us she's close to cumming and not to stop. Our playmate is moaning, he's saying he's close too. 

We bury our cocks in deep as my wife moans loudly and her orgasm takes over her body. I'm on the verge of cumming too and, as our playmate moans loudly, I also start to cum. Both of us cumming in my wife's pussy in unison! Both of our massive loads filling her pussy. We continue to push our cocks deep into her as massive orgasms rock all three of us. 

My wife's moaning starts to calm as the last waves of her orgasm subside. We're all coming off massive long overdue orgasms. Feeling amazing I rest me unsteady body against me wife and we all catch our breath. Our cocks still inside my wife, I feel our cum leaking past our cocks. I bet the view looks awesome I think. 

I get off my wife and pull my cock out of her. I take a look at her beautiful pussy, his cock still inside and our cum everywhere! What a delicious site!

My wife and playmate roll onto their sides and I put my arms around them and spoon my wife. We gently kiss her and relax. What a great start to our weekend!