 Chapter 1(Carrying out our fantasies before the wedding day)

I suppose it all started a couple of weeks ago – just before Ray & Lesley's wedding. Lesley was so excited – she'd reached the grand old age of 30 and had thought that she'd never meet anyone and certainly not someone who she want to be married to. She's only known Ray a short time but knew enough to know that they were so good together and it was true love for them both. 

The only thing that she was currently worried about was meeting Ray's close friends. They were real 'characters' Ray had told her. She knew he was really close to them, especially Nigel, and trusted them implicitly so it was important to her that she got on well with them.

Hen Party – (Trish's story)

We'd all been looking forward to Lesley's Hen Party. She was adamant that she didn't want to make a weekend of it so we'd booked a suite at the Grand Hotel in Stratford, for the afternoon / night. However, Lesley wasn't aware of the planned 'surprises' we had arranged. There were 6 of us in total plus one 'extra' who arrived in the suite around 2.45pm. Lesley had been told to arrive around 3pm. 

The phone rang – It was reception advising me that Lesley had arrived and was on her way up. I met her in the hall and laughingly said "Hi Lesley, just want you to pop this blindfold on. Don't want you spoiling our surprise, do we?" She looked a little wary but complied with my request.

What Lesley didn't know was that we had arranged an 'Ann Summers' afternoon. Our 'extra' guest was the (male) Ann Summers rep. 

As I trundled Lesley into the room and removed her blindfold, she just stood there – gobsmacked!! John (our AS rep) had set out all his toys along the length of the table on one side of the room with the other side of the room being set aside for naughty lingerie.

She looked very slightly embarrassed but I knew she could be a bit of a party animal and would be game for most things, so wasn't unduly worried.

"Right ladies" he said "before you start examining the equipment, I just need to tell you a few things. You're welcome to purchase anything you want, this afternoon, however, there are a few rules that Trish has insisted on.

1. If you buy any toys, you must show everyone else what you buy and be prepared to answer a truth or dare question.

2. Any lingerie you are considering must be tried on and modelled for the other

3. If you need proof that the relevant 'toy' does its job then I will be happy to demonstrate.

"Ok?" Nods all round.

I then piped up "Firstly, we're going to have a great afternoon girls and anything goes! It's all totally private and nothing goes further than these four walls. And secondly, for the Gala Dinner later, you must all choose something to wear from the AS Collection. Doesn't matter what – because it's a private party later and we won't be leaving the hotel so you have no fear of being arrested" I laughed.

Needless to say, we all had a brilliant afternoon. The wine flowed and the sound levels increased. Never heard so much raucous laughter in my life…. Especially when Elaine decided to challenge John about the possibility that the 12" Vibrator could actually fit? I didn't think he was serious when he had offered his services but, without a second to waste, he had Elaine pinned out on the floor and, with a swift wrist, had stripped her skirt and panties away from her. 

At that stage, everyone had stopped breathing I think, because it went really quiet. That didn't last for long because you could tell they had all started breathing a bit heavier in anticipation….. 

Elaine just lay there and said "You may need some of that lubrication that you sell John? Because there's no way you're coming near me without it" she sniggered. 

At that John knelt up in front of her – his hand moving downwards towards his pants and reached inside. He was obviously a little aroused himself because when he drew his hand out, his fingers were shiny with his own juices. He then shuffled his knees in order to widen Elaine's legs for easier access and began to smear his juice around her pussy opening. 

Well, we were all on the edge of our seats now… 

He then moved forward with the huge vibrator in his right hand, his left stroking her pussy lips and working his juices further inside her. Little by little we watched as the vib disappeared, deep into her pussy. The look of ecstasy in Elaine's face just said it all. 

After a while John said "Have I proved it works ladies?" 

Well I don't think I've ever seen so many vibrators being sold in one afternoon…..

Looking around at the others I could see they were having fun. I noticed Ruth had picked up an electrical clip – designed for stimulating either the nipples or clit! The way she was studying it made me think she had seen this before. I watched as she approached John to make her purchase. 

"Ok Ruth – What would you like? Truth or Dare?" I asked. The room went quiet.

She thought for a minute and then said 'truth'. We all sat around her on the floor in a circle. 

"Right, let's see?" I said. "We all want to know whether you have used those nipple clamps before and when?

She was a little hesitant but proceeded to tell us her 'story'.

Roger, her husband of 11 years, had been complaining that their sex life was getting boring and she had, once or twice, caught him eyeing up the lady next door. Their bedroom window faces the neighbour's bedroom window and she was sure he was spying on Lucy next door, when she gets out of the bath.

She was due to go up to London for a training course the following week. This finished early so, on her way home she decided to go into one of the many sex shops to see if there was anything she could buy to 'get him going'. 

Once inside, an assistant asked her did she have anything in mind? Having said no, he brought her along to the accessories counter and pointed out the nipple clamps. She'd obviously not seen them before and told him so. 

(At that point, she became very agitated and tried to stop the conversation…) 

"Come on Ruth" we all said. "If you don't finish off your story you'll be given a dare – and, trust me, that will be far worse." 

So she continued: 

It seems that he offered to show her how they work and brought her into the changing room, asked her to remove her clothes. Once she was naked (and very embarrassed) he started to rub her nipples. 

"We need them a little longer madam" he told her, a glint in his eye.

Well this really turned her on – the fact that she was standing in a shop in daylight in the middle of London – naked and being felt up by a handsome young man – young enough to be her son! 

Once he had achieved his aim, he quickly attached the metal to each nipple and then flicked the switch. Well, the jolt she got nearly made her orgasm immediately. This felt fantastic.

"They're not just for nipples madam" he advised.

Looking a little bewildered, she asked him where else they were for? 

He made her sit down, legs wide apart and proceeded to rub his finger up and down her slit…her pussy lips getting more and more swollen. Suddenly he moved the third metal clip and attached it to her swollen clit. 

What must she look like? she thought…..Stretched across her belly were 2 wires connected to her nipples and another stretched down to her pussy. Needless to say, when he flicked the switch her whole body spasmed…..

We couldn't believe what we were hearing…Out of all of us, Ruth had been married the longest and was probably, we thought, the most conservative of us all.

"And the rest, they say, is history" said Ruth. "I brought them home, tried them out with Roger and he loved them. Our sex life has never been better" she blushed. "We have a regular monthly trip to London to see what else we can buy".

Having totally dissected the toy range, we all moved over to the other side of the room to see what we could wear for the evening dinner. 

One thing that did surprise me though was my friend Kath. She was a very quiet and shy lady and I wasn't sure how she would handle these 'activities'. Well, I needn't have worried – because, after downing a couple of glasses of wine (Dutch courage I think lol) she was volunteering to be first up to try on the sexy lingerie. 

One outfit after another was tried on – inspected and either chosen or discarded. No-one was allowed to wear an identical outfit to anyone else's. 

"God, we were going to surprise a few people later on" I thought. 

I had already chosen my own outfit for later. A black Basque with attached suspenders….black silky stockings and 4" heels. The thing that I liked about this particular outfit was the fact that it only had quarter cups on the Basque. I was quite proud of my 36DD breasts and the fact that I had long nipples, so when I tried this one on, I was delighted to see the look of shocked faces around me. The bra cups just rested underneath my breasts and made my exposed nipples look even longer… 

"Is that a look of lust of Ann's face? I knew she had a boyfriend but could she be Bi?"

I thought I may shock (that was the idea!!) but Kath totally blew me away with her choice. A White lacy Body with cut outs for her breasts and pussy. There were no attached stockings but she intended wearing white silk hold ups. To complete her outfit she chose to wear a pair of long white silk gloves and no jewellery.

Stag Party – (Nigel's story)

Our mate Ray was getting married at long last. He had obviously chosen well cos we'd never seen him happier. He was always whittering on about 'Lesley' this and 'Lesley' that. Good luck to him though. He was a good mate and deserved this good fortune. 

Ray had told us that he didn't want a big fuss for his stag 'do' so I'd told him we'd arrange something pretty conservative and because we were good mates and had known him a long time he trusted us ………. hehehe.

The afternoon was ours, then we were arranging to meet up with the girls later on, at the Grand Hotel for a Gala Dinner. That suited us! We were a horny lot and were always up for a little 'stimulation'…

I'd told the lads to meet up at our local – 'The Dragon' in Warwick, at lunchtime. I picked Ray and his brother Frank on the way. 

"What we doing then Nig" Ray asked. 

"Oh just a few beers in the pub Ray then we're off to the Cricket Club. They're showing the England Friendly match on the Big Screen. Ok?" said Nig. 

"Yes – great!" replied Ray (I'm sure he was a little disappointed). 

"You didn't want any fuss did you?" I said. 

"No, that's fine by me" he replied.

What he didn't know was that we had all clubbed together to hire out the smaller, more private function room at the cricket club. Paul, one of our mates, knew of a set of twins who, for the right price, done a stage act together. So we booked them for a couple of hours.

Well, as normal, when we all got together, we had a good laugh in the local. We'd all been to school together (except for Ray's brother Frank who was a year or two older) so we were all pretty comfortable with each other. We all tended to tell the others of our current love lives – or lack of in some cases lol – what turned us on etc.

By the time 3 o clock came round and we'd moved on to the cricket club but were finding it difficult to stop Ray drinking too much and passing out. We wanted him to enjoy his last nights of freedom!! 

We'd manoeuvred Ray so that he was sitting in front of us when, suddenly the lights went out and 2 stunning young ladies appeared in front of Ray. They were identical and dressed very scantily with stretched tank tops and short (very short) skirts and little else. I could see Ray's eyes light up. 

"Yes!" I thought "I knew I'd done the right thing."

The music was turned up louder and they twisted and gyrated all around him…trailing their hands all over him. We all stood back a little so he could enjoy. 

Whilst one of them danced the other was slowly undoing the buttons on his shirt and trousers. They each took it in turns and became more daring as they went on. Until, at last they had stripped him naked. 

I had to laugh – he just sat there with a smile on his face and nothing else. And, an obvious observation – he was rock hard!!! 

They looked across, turned to each other and started to kiss. Firstly gently, like sisters but then became a little more insistent. We could see their tongues flicking at the other's – both were pierced! Their hands moved in unison to each others breasts….peeling the other's top down and exposing their breasts….. 

They turned to Ray and leant forward… "Which would you like to suck first Ray?" said Clare. "Mine are the biggest but Carol has longer nipples". 

At that, Ray just moved forward and grabbed at both. 

They just laughed and took a step back. "You are a naughty boy Ray" said Carol. "We haven't finished yet". 

"No" said Clare, as she proceeded to remove her skirt – nothing underneath it. She knelt down in front of him so her legs were spread wide and started to stroke her shaven pussy. 

Carol, not to be outdone, reached around her and unclipped the button on her skirt and let it drop. Again, no knickers! She now dropped to the floor on her back and slid along so that she was underneath her sister's pussy. 

As Clare leant forward to take Ray in her mouth, Carol moved her head upwards so she could lick her sister's pussy. We all watched as her tongue worked its magic along her sisters lips covering her mouth with her liquid.

You could have heard a pin drop! I looked around and watched as every one of the lads had their hands around their cock's, stroking and pulling to satisfy their growing erections.

Well, not to go into too much more detail, a good time was had by all. (And I mean all!). By this time, it was time to all go back to mine to get ready for the evening dinner. We had decided to all wear Dinner Jacket's – Grand Hotel! We knew it was to be held in a private suite but wanted to show the ladies that we could scrub up well! I had hired them and we were all going back to mine to get changed. No-one was absolutely pissed out of their brains but we were all pretty merry and well wound up.

Gala Dinner – to follow in the next chapter….