 "Well, we'd like to offer you the job."

"Um; that's great," stammered Luke, his throat suddenly dry, "thank you." He couldn't believe it he thought the interview was going terribly.

"I think you're really going to enjoy working here, and please, call me Debbie." She smiled as she stood up, her ruby lips parting slightly, "We'll see you at 9 o'clock, Monday morning." Standing up she placed her left hand on the desk, extending her right hand she leaned in towards Luke.

Luke hesitated for a moment, realising as Debbie leant forward that her blouse fell open allowing him to see her breasts retained by a dark lacy bra. Hesitantly he extended his hand and clasped her hand, her grip was soft but firm. Nervous, he tried to withdraw his hand but she held on, pulling them a little closer together. His eyes instantly fell on her breasts and he uncomfortably shifted his gaze up to her face. 

"Don't be nervous," said Debbie with a mischievous smile, "everyone here is very friendly." Letting go of his hand she stood up and began walking round the desk. Luke tried to stand up but as he did he realised that his cock had stiffened and his erection now pressed awkwardly in his trousers. He tried unsuccessfully to adjust himself.

Sure that Debbie had noticed, Luke stood up as best he could but she just continued to walk towards the door, opening it for him. 

"Thank you; again," stammered Luke as he reached the doorway. 

She placed her hand gently on his back between his shoulder blades. "Don't mention it, I'm sure you'll make a great addition to our team." Glancing away, "Jess," she called, a young girl with straight dark hair looked up from her desk. "Can you see Luke out, and be nice, he'll be joining us on Monday." 

Debbie smiled again before pushing firmly on Luke's back propelling him through the door, her hand lingered slightly and she trailed her fingers lightly down his back. 

Jess stood up and adjusted down the tight little skirt she was wearing, picking up her pass from her desk she strode towards Luke. She slipped the pass over her head and then slipped her hair out from under it and down one shoulder. "Hi," she said as she reached him, holding out her hand.

Luke took it nervously, her hand was soft and warm, he was aware that his was clammy. Not sure where to look his eyes fixed on Jess' deep green eyes, uncomfortable he broke the gaze. She dropped her hand away, "Come on," she said, "I'll show you out." She set off across the office, his eyes were instantly drawn to her arse as she walked away. He thought he saw one of the other women notice him looking and he set of anxiously after her.

Swiping her card Jess called for the lift, Luke looked nervously as he tried to work out which lift would open. "So will you be working directly for Debbie?" Jess asked.

"Um, yes, I think so." Luke thought, realising that he wasn't at all sure what the job entailed, "Actually, I'm not really sure."

"Don't worry," she smiled, "I'm sure you'll enjoy working under Debbie. But if not, there are plenty of other positions available."

Luke wasn't really sure what to make of her comment when suddenly the lift opened. Stepping inside they remained silent as the lift took them to the ground floor. As the doors opened he stepped out and starting striding for the lobby entrance. "See you on Monday," Jess called after him, smiling at his nervousness. 

Luke stood awkwardly as the train rolled slowly into the station, already late he was stood halfway down the packed carriage and it was going to take forever to get through the station. As the train pulled in and the doors opened everyone started pushing and shoving as they jostled to get out. Inching his way towards the door he was glad to be finally free of the carriage.

Making a run for it, weaving between slower passengers Luke headed for the barriers but soon ground to a halt, the ques where huge. With his ticket in his hand he waited patiently, glancing nervously at the station clock and his own watch, ten to nine; he wasn't going to make it.

Once through the barriers he set off running towards the office building, he slowed as he approached the doors. Glancing at his watch, three minutes past nine, not bad but he was now dripping with sweat. Once inside he was relieved to be in the air conditioned atrium. He ran his hand across his forehead, wiping the sweat on the back of his trousers. 

Luke noticed a woman striding purposefully towards him, "Good morning," she said loudly, "you must be Luke. I'm Sue." Thrusting out her hand towards him Luke took it and was surprised by her grip as she shook firmly. Pushing her dark rimmed glasses up her nose she said, "I'll be conducting your induction, please follow me."

Turning away she strode back towards the reception desk where she had been waiting for him. Despite her older years Luke couldn't help but admire her figure as she walked away, her fitted skirt suit highlighting the curves of her figure. At the desk they sorted out a pass for Luke to enable him to access the lift. As they rode up in the lift Sue outlined the entry and exit procedures for the building. 

Once at the office floor Sue walked out of the lift into the main office area, "Good morning everyone," she called. The office stopped at her command and everyone looked towards her. Luke stood uncomfortably behind her shoulder. Only now did Luke realise that there were only a handful of men in an otherwise female workforce, but he supposed that was normal for a fashion business. "Luke is starting with us this morning," Sue began, "I'm sure in time you will all get to meet him however he has many important things to cover today." 

Luke scanned the room, he caught sight of the only other face he recognised, Jess, she was stood by the coffee machine, with a male and a female colleague. She whispered something to them and they all turned and smiled in his direction. Debbie was nowhere to be seen, her office appeared to be empty.

Sue then whisked him through the main office area and into a small side room. There she sat him down and gave him the induction programme. She soon left him to read through the employee handbook and procedures. As he was just finishing his reading he became aware of noise from the next office, Sue's office. He tried to blank it out as he continued to read but it was becoming loader, he was almost certain it sounded like a couple having sex.

Even though he wasn't sure the thought of a couple having sex in the next office stirred his imagination and his cock began to stiffen. He looked round to see if anyone could see into his small room but the window faced onto a corridor. He stood up and made his way to the partition wall, pressing his ear up against it, the sound became clearer just as they reached a crescendo.

Luke put his hand in his pocket and attempted to rearrange his cock as it strained uncomfortably against his trousers. As he did so he savoured the feeling of his hand on his cock and was tempted to stroke it some more but the sound from the office had now subsided. Soon he heard footsteps and he dashed back to the table he was working at and sat down, just as the door to Sue's office opened. 

Luke watched as a tall blond man, probably not much older than himself walked past the window, he didn't stop to look. Picking up his papers Luke gingerly stepped out of the side room and knocked on Sue's door. "Come in," she bellowed in her authoritative voice.

Stepping inside she looked up, "Oh, it's you." She picked up her glasses and put them on, patting her hair she seemed to be making sure it was still in place. "Have you finished those?" she said, indicating the file of papers. Still looking at her face Luke's mind wandered back to what he had just heard, were her cheeks a little flushed.

"Oh, yes, these," he stuttered, "yes I'm done."

"Good," she said, "then let's have a quick tour round before Debbie gets in."

Sue had shown him round the office and introduced him to all the staff, there were far too many names to remember. He knew Jess, and the tall blond man was Mark. It was odd all of the women seemed so assertive but the men, who were all young, just seemed a little awkward around him. 

Debbie arrived late in the afternoon, Luke had already been given some jobs to do such and filing and sorting the outgoing post. Her arrival seemed to cause a flurry of activity in the office with people rushing round and grabbing papers, patterns and swatches to show her. She stopped all that by closing her office door behind her. Everyone looked a little dejected and headed back to their desks, the phone rang on one of the other men's desks. He picked the phone up but said nothing, putting the phone down he walked straight into Debbie's office. The blinds on the glass partition were quickly closed.

Luke carried on and having finished the bagging up the post, was unsure what to do next. He stood up from the post desk and was about to go looking for Sue when an audible gasp came from Debbie's office, he looked towards it and then looked around uncomfortably, almost everyone had their head down but his gaze caught the startling green eyes of Jess, she smiled at him, bringing her finger up to her lips she "shushed" him. As she dropped her hand away from her face she slipped her fingers inside her blouse and he was sure her fingers grazed her breast.

Acutely aware that he was now stood in the middle of the office with another growing erection he broke eye contact and headed for Sue's office. Jess smiled to herself as she looked after him. She looked back to her desk but another girl, Katie, caught her eye from across the desk. "Go on," she mouthed.

Jess stood up and followed Luke in the directions of Sue's office but when she got there the door was already closed. Jess hesitated and was about to turn away when the door opened, Sue nearly walked into Jess. "Excuse me," Sue said in clipped tones as she breezed past. Luke looked awkwardly at Jess as he followed on behind.

Luke finished his first day filing samples away in storage room.

The next morning Luke was ahead of time, strolling along in the spring sunshine his mind was racing with thoughts about his new job. He couldn't believe that people were having sex in the office but there seemed no other explanation for it. Did Jess really like him, he didn't think for a minute that he'd have a chance with a girl like that.

Waiting for the lift in the foyer he saw Jess and another girl walk into the building. The lift opened and he stepped inside, holding his arm out he held the doors for them. Jess and her friend ran towards the door, Luke noticed the friends breasts bounce as she ran. "Thanks," she said, "I'm Katie by the way." Luke recognised her as the girl who was standing with Jess at the coffee machine yesterday.

"Hi," Luke mumbled not really sure what to say to the two girls sharing his lift.

Katie smiled at him but Luke just felt awkward and let his eyes drop, suddenly he realised he was staring at her chest, Katie's breasts were much larger than her friends. Katie noticed and turning to look at Jess, smiled. Katie lent in towards Luke, her chest only inches away from him, she paused briefly before pushing the button behind him for the 5th floor. Luke breathed a sigh of relief as she stood back.

"How was your first day," Katie asked.

"Fine, thank you." Said Luke.

"Sue, appears like a bit of a dragon," Katie started, "but honestly she's a pussy cat really. It's just that Debbie is so carefree, without Sue there would be no business."

Luke nodded in acknowledgement, suddenly the lift stopped, but before the doors opened Katie lent in close to Luke, "Meet me in the storage room in 10 minutes," she whispered.

Katie strode out of the lift and looked back at Luke and Jess, Jess shot her a glance having overheard her. Katie just shrugged and walked away, Luke looked at Jess not really sure what to do. "Come on," said Jess catching him with her green eyes, "let's get a coffee."

Jess continued to talk to him as they made coffee and was explaining what she did within the company. Luke looked at the clock and noticed that ten minutes was nearly up, looking across the open office he saw Katie standing by the storeroom door. She beckoned him with her finger before heading inside.

Jess had noticed too and she looked disappointed as Luke dithered, he broke away from Jess and set off across the office coffee still in his hand. Jess looked both disappointed and slightly angry. 

"Luke," came a load and excited shout, "Luke, come in here." 

The voice belonged to Debbie and she was sat behind her desk with Sue standing by her shoulder. He looked towards the storage room door, then back towards Jess. She motioned to him to go to Debbie's office. 

He stepped in through the door, "I'm sorry I missed you yesterday," she exclaimed, "I always make a point of being here on somebody's first day. But, important meeting with one of our biggest clients," she paused and smiled, "but not to worry. How was your first day?"

As Luke looked at Debbie he was drawn to her tight black top, accentuating the curve of her breasts, she had been wearing a lilac skirt suit but the jacket was hung on the back of her chair. 

"Fine," he said, not really sure where to look. His mind still on Katie and the storage room. 

"Look, I'll not keep you here, I'll schedule us some time this afternoon," she glanced up at Sue, "then we can get to know each other a little better."

For the first time Luke noticed a genuine look of excitement on Sue's face, she smiled at him, "Could you just drop these onto my desk," she said passing him a file of papers. Taking the papers Luke took his leave from the office, glancing at the entrance to the storage room he paused, before looking back at the papers in his hand. 

Heading quickly for Sue's office he left the papers on her desk. Heading back into the main office area he made a beeline for the storage room. As he pushed the door open he was certain he could hear the sounds of muffled voices. Walking gently down past the storage racks he looked into each aisle, the first two were empty but when he peered into the third he saw Katie, he immediately drew back out of sight.

Maybe she hadn't noticed, he looked again. There in the centre of the aisle Katie was sat on a box facing him, her legs spread and another man, Mark, had his head buried between her thighs. Luke ducked back out of sight, leaning back against the end of the storage rack, thoughts ran through his mind, should he run, should he watch. 

As these thoughts ran through his mind he heard footsteps, looking back towards the door he saw Jess walking towards him. His face was a picture of panic as she walked up close to him, laying a hand on his chest she said, "Don't worry, it's all okay; everything's allowed." 

She stepped past him and crossed the aisle looking at Katie and Mark as she did so. She stopped behind the end of the next storage rack and motioned which her head mouthing, "watch."

Jess turned her head into the aisle, taking her lead Luke did likewise. Mark still had his head buried deep but Katie had her eyes open now and was looking at the two voyeurs. Smiling she began to unfasted her blouse before lifting each of her breasts free of her bra cups. She stroked her hands down the pale mounds and pulled at her nipples.

Her knees twitched and she let out a loud gasp before she wrenched Mark's head back. She was so close to orgasm but she wasn't ready yet. Pushing Mark down to the floor she began to unbuckle his belt.

Luke looked across to Jess who was looking at him. Holding his gaze she began to hitch her tight skirt up around her hips. He saw her stocking tops and then her delicate black panties, she pulled the material to one side and let her fingers slide down between her lips. Her other hand squeezed her breast through her blouse. 

"Take it out," whispered, motioning to his groin. She could she is erection straining uncomfortably against his trousers.

Nervous but at the same time so incredibly turned on, he unbuckled his belt and shrugged his trousers and trunks down letting his cock spring free. Jess looked at him and sucked her lower lip in, as she did she spread her feet and let a finger slide deep inside herself. Then she looked back down into the aisle.

Katie's head was bobbing up and down on Mark's cock, releasing it from her mouth she let her tongue dart out, flicking at the engorged tip. Looking up she looked at Jess and Luke, her hand still pumping at Mark's cock as her breasts hung inches from it. Keeping her gaze fixed on the voyeurs she lifted herself up and squatted over Mark's cock, rubbing its tip against her clit.

Sinking down Katie began to rock herself backwards and forwards grinding herself against Mark, using him to build back up to her orgasm. 

Luke noticed that Jess wasn't watching Katie anymore she was watching him, her hand moving almost violently against herself. Luke looked back to Katie, despite fucking Mark she was watching him intently. 

Luke wrapped his hand around his cock and began to pump gently, both girls eyes lit up encouraging him. Thoughts of the crazy situation running through his head his hand sped up, pumping his cock rhythmically, soon he felt his orgasm build to the point of no return. His cock twitched and the first spasm sent a stream of cum across the aisle splashing on Jess' leg, leaving a thick rope of cum against the dark lace of her stocking top. 

As he continued to spurt the sight of Luke's cum arcing through the air was enough for Katie and she came hard, driving down onto Mark's hard cock. Mark groaned out loud as Katie's orgasm set off his own, his cock pumping cum deep inside her. 

As the last spurts dribbled from Luke's cock he looked longingly at Jess but she was lost in her own reverie her hand a blur as she too came, her body pressed against the rack for support her other hand clawing at her breast. 

Luke leant back against the rack closing his eyes, the thoughts of what had just happened only now sinking in. His cock, still clasped in his hand, was going soft and he self-consciously pushed it back into his trunks and began to fasten his trousers. As he did he opened his eyes and saw Jess adjusting her skirt down, she looked at him mischievously, but before she could say anything Katie took her by the arm and the two of them left the storage room. 

Glancing back into the aisle Luke caught sight of Mark dressing himself. Mark looked across and smiled at him triumphantly, feeling uncomfortable Luke bolted for the door.

The rest of the morning went by in a blur for Luke, buried in a mountain of copying and filing he was sure that everyone in the office was looking at him. He took the opportunity to escape the office for his lunch getting a sandwich from the deli down the road and eating it by the park. Not believing what had happened that morning he was contemplating not going back to the office but the allure of what might happen kept drawing him back. Jess' mesmerising green eyes as she encouraged him to stroke his cock filled his thoughts. 

Returning to the office Luke went back to his filing, crouched down sorting through the lowest draw he could here footsteps approaching. A pair of sharp patent heels came into view and following the line of the sheer covered legs up, he could see Sue looking down at him through her dark rimmed glasses. 

"Debbie would like to see you," she stated, "come with me now." Luke hesitated for a moment, "Just leave that," she barked striding away.

Luke followed Sue towards Debbie's office, he could feel eyes on him as he crossed through the open plan area. Sue held the door as he walked into the office, and closed it firmly behind him, as if to cut off his escape. Debbie was seated behind her desk and had put her jacket back on, she looked sternly and seriously at him. Only then did he notice that Jess, Katie and Mark were all lined up against the side wall of the office.
