 Chapter 2 (When the boys met the girls....fun and games!)

7pm - Gala Dinner

Upstairs Suite

Well, it was nearly 7pm. All the girls had returned about half an hour ago – suitably 'dressed', for a glass of wine or two (to boost our courage)...I sat there just looking around. We'd excelled ourselves I think!

I loved my own outfit – Loved the feeling of silk on flesh...A real turn on for me! I'd dressed earlier in front of the mirror. Couldn't help touching my breasts. ..feeling their heaviness. I felt hot! And knew I looked it....lol 

Kath, now that she'd showered and moisturised, looked absolutely fantastic. Could fancy her myself I thought (But that's another story!)....White suited her dark Latina skin and, although she was only 5'1", her 34D boobs were very firm and perky. The peephole body was an ideal showcase for them.

Elaine, after her earlier encounter with a 12" dildo, had decided on a less revealing outfit. She still felt a little sore and wanted to give her pussy time to recover. She wore a red leather catsuit fitted like a glove. It had a front zip, fastening from neck down to below her navel– matching red boots with chrome 4" heels and, as a little 'extra' a short pointed tail attached to her rounded bottom...("Nice touch" I thought). 

Ruth, currently very much into playing games with her husband, had confided in me earlier on that she was keen to see if she was could do the same with anyone else? So her outfit was probably every man's fantasy. She wore a Nurse's uniform – practically moulded to her skin. The only difference being that, before putting the blue tunic on, she had nipped out and had visited 'Jonny's Place' down the road.. She'd had her nipples pierced (both), her belly button pierced and her labia pierced. A little uncomfortable at the moment but well worth it she'd said. As I looked at her, she stuck her tongue out at me – It was also pierced....(what's she like? Lol)

Ann, our closet Lesbian, was just wearing a long grey Mac? Mmmmm – "Very strange" I thought, until she shifted slightly and it fell open. I could see that she didn't have a stitch of clothes on underneath. Actually, I was wrong! She was wearing the minutest black silk thong. I only noticed because the straps were edged with black wispy fur and there were a couple of tassles hanging down which had little rubber balls attached to them. 

"I bet I know what they are for" I laughed to myself (knowing her penchant for self satisfaction).

And finally, Lesley! She hadn't had a say in her outfit. We had all sat down to choose hers for her. I wondered if she would have the guts to wear it but, to give her her due, she came out of the bedroom with it all on!! 

WOW!!! What does she look like? Does she realise what this is gonna do to her intended? 

To describe what she was wearing:-

Her 'outfit' consisted of basically, a series of leather straps - A Harness! Starting with a leather belt around her waist – A central strap extended up her chest, where 2 circular pieces framed her breasts, leaving them fully exposed. This continued up to circle her neck like a dog collar.. Below her waist, the straps fitted round the tops of her legs and cupped her rounded bottom, like a chastity belt. Both her pussy and her bum were again framed. 

That was it!! Other than that, she wore studded leather wrist bands with locking attachments to them.

I wondered what she was feeling at this precise moment? 

She must have read my thoughts because suddenly she said "I love the outfit girls – I'm feeling so horny!! Watch out boys, I'm going out with a bang tonight" trying to keep her face straight. I'd seen that look many times, on Lesley's face, so I knew she meant business.

"So ladies – Are we ready to party?" I shouted. This was greeted with a lot of raucous laughter, a few ribald comments and a rush for the door!

Although we only had to go down one flight of stairs, we actually bumped into a couple of hotel guests... the looks on their faces????? Lol

The Valentine Suite – Ground Floor

It was coming up to 7.15pm. "Where are they?" Nigel thought as he hovered around the door. He was feeling pretty uncomfortable in his DJ and he knew the others felt the same. They weren't used to dressing up – usually a pair of jeans and polo shirt was the extent of their wardrobe.

"I hope these girls are even a little attractive?"

Outside the Valentine Suite

"What must we look like" I thought... "God knows what the lads were going to say? " I could see that the girls were now a little apprehensive...Lesley especially! 

"Come on babes" I shouted "Hey!! You all look gorgeous – Heads up! Shoulders back! Tits up!" That seemed to break the ice a little. 

So, there we were – all standing outside the double doors, about to go inside.... We'd arranged for Lesley to go in last – her hen night!!!

So, I took the plunge and walked in the door (beforehand we could hear the loud party music, the men's chatter and the clinking of glasses). 

As we all entered the room it suddenly went quiet! You could hear a pin drop. There we were – me with my black, practically bra-less basque on – Kath, with her white body stocking leaving nothing to the imagination – Elaine, in tight red leather – Ruth, showing her piercings – Ann, seemingly a little overdressed with her Mac on (but undone!) and finally – Lesley, her leather straps bound tightly to her body, emphasising her full (and high) breasts and framed pussy (looking a little damp now).

Nigel was the first to step forward. He was the only one that I had met before. None of the girls or lads had ever met. That was our plan! 

Every one there tonight had a partner at home...but tonight we wanted everyone to really let their hair down and ensure that they would remember this night for a long time. Although we knew neither Ray nor Lesley wanted a big fuss, both Nigel and I wanted it to be a memorable night.

"Ladies" I heard Nigel say. "Welcome. Let me introduce you to the others. 

Frank stepped forward. "This is Frank, Ray's older brother!". 

"Thanks mate" Frank said "Older but more experienced" he replied, with a wink directed at Kath. She smiled back.

Frank took this as his cue to move beside her – his eyes never once leaving hers – looking for approval to continue his closer inspection of her body? She nodded! 

He couldn't believe his eyes - her breasts were straining to break free of the mesh on her body. 

The tightness pulling her breasts back forcing her nipples out even further, in front of his eyes. He travelled down her body to that special place between her legs – nothing hidden! It was like nothing he had seen before. 

No soft curls of hair. He was aching to move forward and touch those soft puffy lips..... that now shiny slit. He could feel his erection growing, becoming more and more painful – wanting release. But he knew they must wait...

Nigel motioned Paul to come forward. 

Paul was a typical Fireman. Very much a ladies man – always getting into hot scrapes. 

However, before Nigel could say another word Elaine moved forward, looked at Paul with a twinkle in her eye and said "I may need your help soon Paul. It's very warm in here and I feel a little warm in this leather. I may need your expertise (as a fireman of course) she laughed, "to help me get out of it?" 

Paul just nodded – mouth open!!. 

Nigel couldn't help but say "That's the first time I've seen our Paul lost for words! " they all laughed.

At that I saw, out of the corner of my eye, Ruth move forward towards Ian. "I know you don't I?" she asked.

He nodded "Yes – I'm a chef down at the Clover Restaurant in town. Yourself and your husband come in every month after a shopping trip to London, I believe". 

"I'm sorry if I sound inquisitive but its quite unusual for someone to come in so late at night with so many brightly coloured shopping bags..I've always wondered what you buy?" 

Well I was absolutely gobsmacked with what happened next. Ruth leant forward and very slowly unzipped her blue uniform to her waist, exposing just one breast. 

"Well I've recently had some piercings in London Ian, just like this one" as she gently pulled her nipple ring so it stretched her long nipple. 

Ian very nearly lost all control and could feel his temperature rise.

She quickly pulled the zip back up again and said "Would you like to know where my others are Ian?" 

He was lost for words.... I was beginning to realise that this night would certainly be memorable!

Ensuring that he would not be left out, last but not least Dave moved quickly across the room to meet Ann, who by this time was actually clutching her mac across her body. 

"And what can you offer me young lady?" he said. 

"A good slap if you come near me" Ann replied. 

Poor Dave! I didn't know but he was, by far, the quietest one of them all and had only plucked up the courage to speak having had a couple of drinks. He wasn't comfortable with women and always said the wrong thing. 

"Oh dear!" I thought.

But at that, Ann looked across at me, winked and took hold of Dave's hand. She turned him away from the others and we watched as she slid his hand inside her coat - making him run his hands up and down her body so he would know she was naked underneath. I didn't realise anyone still blushed.....

That left just myself and Nigel, Ray and Lesley.

"Last but not least" I said to Ray "Let me introduce you to your fiancée, Lesley". 

While all this was going on, I had been watching Ray's face and hoping he liked what he saw. It was pretty obvious he did – looking at the growing bulge in his trousers.

"Please everyone – have a good time tonight – enjoy yourselves with whoever you want, with the exception of our bride and groom". 

I didn't think with the state that Ray was in, that he would let anyone touch his lovely fiancée tonight. 

We all turned round to look at Lesley, who was approaching Ray. The look on his face told all! She was dangling a small key in her hand. 

"No – I don't think so Lesley" Ray said. 

She stood there! "Oh my god" she was thinking "He doesn't like this". 

In actual fact she had got it all wrong because he said (quite loudly) "I don't want those straps taken off. I want you – right here, right now!! 

Well much as I could see that each couple wanted to go there own ways, I could tell that they wanted to see how Ray would handle the fact that his fiancee was standing there, practically naked! Her body now glistening with anticipation.

He looked around the room and spotted the long dining tables covered with white cloths – One along the right hand wall – covered with a sumptuous buffet and the other empty. 

He grabbed hold of the strap bound around Lesley's waist and pulled her over to the table. "Paul, Dave, Frank – I need you here lads." They moved over to where Lesley and Ray were standing. 

"Can you lift Lesley onto the table please – on her back. Don't worry about touching her because before the night's out she will be begging for you all to fuck her!". 

So Paul and Dave held onto the leather straps that circled her breasts, both 'accidentally' touching her nipples in the process. Frank and Ray then took hold of the leather pieces surrounding her pussy. You could tell she was getting turned on because her once damp pussy was now dripping. 

"Hey Ray – she's ready for you" said Frank with a snigger, moving his hand over her belly and cupping her shaven cunt. 

As they all lifted her on to the table each one of them grabbed a limb and tied them to the corner legs of the table. She was so exposed! Her legs were so wide apart we all had no difficulty seeing her beautiful pussy lips.

At this stage I was a little worried whether Lesley was ok. 

I went to move over to her but was stopped by Nigel. 

"Leave her be Trish" he said "She's ok!" 

As I looked over to her she returned my look with a broad smile and a slight nod. 

"My God" I thought "she's enjoying this. 

Ray then walked across the room to the buffet taking various foods and putting it on a plate. 

"What's he doing"? I thought.

He walked over to Lesley and stood beside the table. 

"We're going to play another game lads" he said, turning towards the others and handing out several foods. 

They obviously knew what he wanted because, at that, Dave moved over to Lesley and began pouring fruit juice all over her tits. Ian placed Kiwi Fruit all over her belly, Paul – pineapple on the inside of her thighs and Nigel, pouring champagne all over her mouth. 

She squirmed and tried to move but couldn't because of her restraints. 

Finally, Ray took the bowl of Strawberries and inserted at least 4 directly into her pussy - one at a time, until she lay there with just the stalk of a strawberry sticking out of her cunt. 

He then proceeded to pour fresh cream over her naked pussy lips and moved forward to try to remove the strawberries, one at a time, using just his mouth..... mmmmmm 

Did we all want to do that or what? 

We watched him as every few minutes he rose his head – her own juices mixed in with the strawberries, smeared all over his smiling face.

Once we could see that he was happy, we all moved away. Although I would have loved to tasted her pussy myself!! (Again – another story!)

Nigel grabbed my hand and we walked over to the dark corner of the room. I wondered what he had in store for me? 

I didn't really know a great deal about Nigel other then he was an IT Engineer and good at his job (according to Ray) and never stayed in one place for long. Perhaps that was why we hadn't ever met properly? 

"Hello Trish" he said quietly (his voice sounding really husky and low. "A success eh?" he asked. 

"Yes" I replied, not really knowing what else to say. 

He just stood there – looking at me! His eyes moving up and down my body – especially my lack of clothing. 

I thought I would feel better for wearing 4" heels but Nigel was tall and still stood taller than me. 

For all of my brazenness earlier on – I felt a little embarrassed now. Had I gone over the top with my outfit? I have to admit, I had dressed specifically with Nigel in mind. 

As I said, we had met but only on a couple of occasions. The arrangements for tonight had been made mainly over the phone or by on line messenger chats. If I was honest with myself, I always felt really turned on after we had 'spoken' and wanted to look good for him – sexy and wanton! 

I think I had achieved my aim because he moved towards me and started to kiss my face, working his way to my neck, where he proceeded to bite me softly, sending shivers up and down my body. Then he slowly worked his tongue up to my ear, and licked slowly. Then blowing on it softly, making me shiver all over again, making me writhe with pleasure. 

Slowly he started to work his way back down my body to my breasts, where he proceeded to suck on my exposed nipples. Then he moved his hands to reach behind my back to undo the lace holding my black corset together. He was obviously experienced in such matters because after only a few seconds, my body felt freer as it slipped from me fully exposing the whole of my breasts. 

Reaching to remove his shirt and pull it off, I 'accidentally' touched his trembling body. I had lost control by this time.... starting to kiss his chest, lick his nipples, sucking on them and biting them a bit. I flick my tongue over them and blow some air softly onto them. He likes that!

I pull away enough to look up at him, showing him my intention of going further... wanting him to see the lust on my face. Then I start to kiss my way down his body, taking quick bites along the way, till I get to the waistband of his trousers. 

I pull them down and smile when I see his thick hard cock poking through his boxers. I push him back and take his cock in my hands, licking the tip slowly. Take it into my mouth and run my tongue over the shaft slowly down and back up to the tip. I keep doing that, listening to him moan and call my name softly, and then I move down to his balls. I take them into my waiting mouth – one at a time, rolling them around, savouring his taste. I move around a little and start to lick underneath him towards his bum, making him squirm a bit. Then I slowly insert one finger in his bum then pull it out slowly. I grab some KY jelly and put it my finger and slowly move it inside him again. 

Then I try a second finger, moving it in small circles, watching his face as I do this. I listen to him moan in pleasure, so I move my head over his cock and start sucking him again, slowly at first, my fingers still moving slowly inside him. 

Then I roll my tongue over the tip again, flicking, tasting his precum, wanting him to cum in my mouth, but not wanting him to cum yet. I keep moving my fingers inside him in small circles, in and out a little bit.... loving the reaction that his cock makes when I do.

By this time, unbeknown to me, the others had been watching us and had formed a circle around us..... watching as we 'performed' ....... There was no stopping now! The thought that we were being watched really turned us both on.

He moved me round – It seems it was to be my turn now...mmmmmm Moving his tongue up and down over my slit he slowly inserted one finger and moved it around a little. I try to hold back a moan as he inserts a second finger and starts to finger-fuck me as he eats me out. I squirm with pleasure, trying to take it all in, wanting more. He inserts a third finger, moving it slowly till my body gets used to it. 

At the same time continuing to use his talented tongue on my wet pussy. It's a very tight fit and I can tell that my pussy was going to be bruised in the morning, but I didn't care, it felt way too good, I didn't want him to stop, but I also wanted his cock inside me. He starts to move his hand faster inside of me, to the point where it's just enough pain to be pleasurable. 

Nigel says:

I'm going to fuck you hard babe

Trish says:

Oh please....

Nigel says:

my cock deep inside you - pumping

Trish says:

just like ur fingers are doing now.....

Nigel says:

taste them for me Trish?

Nigel says:

want to know that you taste lovely

Trish says:

mmmmmm good - but prefer your cock....I want to eat your cock....

Nigel says:

I prefer your pussy 

Trish says:

Want to take ur balls in my mouth

Nigel says:

mmmmmmm

Nigel says:

my tongue rasping along your slit

Trish says:

scrape my teeth against your hardness

Nigelsays:

probing your wetness

He looked down at me as I lay back naked on the floor. My breasts –heavy and reddened... my pussy – swollen and soaking and motioned Paul and Ian to come over! 

"This lady is acting like a prostitute lads – shall we treat her like one?" 

Nods of agreement all round. 

Paul then knelt between my legs, spread my legs so wide that it almost hurt and pulled his 9" hard cock out. Although it was obvious that he had recently used his 'tool' (it was very red and quite wet) he then proceeded to ram it inside me – hard and fast – again and again! 

"Oh my God" I cried. "Oh Fuck me please" I shouted. 

Ian, not waiting for him to finish, knelt over my face, forced my mouth open and filled it with his cock until I thought I would choke ....... 

What felt like minutes later I was covered with their hot white steamy juices.

As they moved away, Nigel returned and flipped me over on all fours... My bum sticking up in the air, my breasts hanging low under me. 

I felt his hand running up and down my bum inching its way inside me before – suddenly, his cock was deep in me, splitting me. I could feel the tears running down my face but urged him to carry on and on and on...
