 Whilst she was driving out of the car park she noticed two young lads who were staring at her intently. She also noticed the very prominent bulges in the front of their jeans. It wa obvious they had been watching. She pulled the car over and beckoned the boys over to her. One approached her sheepishly.

“Have you been watching me?” she asked. “Did you enjoy the show?”

“Y.Y.yes” the teenager falteringly replied.

“Well don’t you know that its rude to spy on people?” she jokingly chastised, allowing her hand to brush across the bulge in his jeans.

“S s sorry Miss, but we couldn’t help it. You looked wonderful and we wished it was us!”

“I see. Well in that case I’ll let you off this time, but give me your address so that I know where to come if I catch you spying again” The teen reluctantly gave Andrea his address and she continued on her way to the health spa.

For the next three hours Andrea relaxed at the local health spa. She took advantage of all the facilities as she allowed her aching body to recover from her earlier escapades. She spent almost an hour in the sauna allowing the hot steam to cleanse deep into her pores and then samples the delights of the massage tables where a strapping 6ft amazon called Melissa pummelled and kneaded her muscles until she felt fully recharged and ready for her next conquest. She considered making a play for the masseuse as she worked on her body but decided against it, instead making a mental note to return later in the week. 

Returning once more to her car she again checked the time. 4pm. Still plenty of time left to go. She mentally calculated her successes. 4 men and 1 woman. Already she had had more sex to day than she had had in the past month. But it wasn’t enough and she was still feeling very horny. She needed to find more cocks. She knew that there would be quite a few conquests waiting for her at the swingers party later that week, possibly as many as eighteen different shags, but she needed a cock now! She had heard from her best friend Michelle – (a horny cow, who had bet Andrea that she wouldn’t fuck a constant stream of strangers whilst her husband was away - hence today’s mission) - that a new pub had opened up near the dock road. It was apparently frequented by a gang of horny bikers. 

Michelle had said that there was an upstairs pool table and she had seen one or two of the clientele shagging their biker chicks on it. No doubt, she mused, Michelle had been shagged on it as well! After checking her make up for a third time, she set out for the pub to see if it was true. 

As she turned into the car park she noticed a line of high-powered bikes parked up by the front entrance and that a number of their owners were milling around outside. She checked herself once more in the mirror, stopping only to ensure that the zips on her skirt and top were opened to their most revealing and slid out of her car, walking seductively towards the entrance to the bar. 

She could feel the eyes of all the bikers staring at her as she pushed her way through the throng. Finding an empty stool at the far end of the bar she ordered herself a drink and waited to see if any of the ‘horny’ blokes would hit on her. She didn’t have long to wait.

Less than 2 minutes had passed when she was approached by one of the bikers- a tall but powerfully built chap with hair that went past his shoulders. His sleeveless denim jacket was open and showed off his muscular chest. Andrea noticed a scar ran from just under his left nipple and continued down the middle of his chest, disappearing beneath the thick leather belt that was around his waist. She wondered just how far it continued. 

Eyeing her up and down in a slow deliberate manner, he introduced himself.

“I’m Red.” He said, his voice slightly more feminine than she had expected. “I’ve not seen you here before”.

“I’ve never been here before”, she replied

“You should be careful”, he continued. “Anything could happen to a pretty thing like you. Especially one dressed in a get up like that”. Once more his eyes drank in the whole of her body, lingering for a moment on her heaving tits and for a little longer on her crotch. 

“What do you mean ‘anything could happen’? What sort of anything did you have in mind?”

“Well, people may think you were up for a shag, or a hooker touting for business or a copper trying to trap us into committing a crime”

Andrea giggled to herself

“Well, I’ll say one thing for you, You’ve got it right with one of those guesses. I’ll leave it up to you to decide which one it is. Meanwhile I fancy a game of pool. Is the table still upstairs?”

“Yes” he stammered in reply. “Top of the stairs on the left”

“Thank you”. Andrea slipped daintily off her stool, giving Red a flash of her knickerless arse as she did so, and, standing close to him traced the line of his scar with her finger. “Maybe I’ll see you upstairs for a ‘game’? You can let your friends watch if they want”. 

With that she turned and made her way upstairs.

Red hurried back to the group of bikers by the front door and told them about the woman’s invite. Downing his drink he suggested that they should creep upstairs in about five minutes. He turned and made his way to the pool room.

*******

Andrea found the pool room deserted when she arrived. She was sure that Red was the sort of bloke who would brag to his mates that he was going to shag a stranger and she hoped that they would be up for watching. She walked around the table, noticing that there was only one cue and the table had no pool balls. Gripping the cue tightly she ran her fingers up and down it in a wanking motion. She heard Red enter the room but pretended not to be aware of his presence. She felt his hot breath on her neck as he slipped his arms around her waist. 

“Right, bitch” he snarled, “ If I’m right you are here to get shagged ‘cos. your hubby a’int giving you one. Am I right?”

“Not quite” Andrea corrected him. “My hubby gives me one but I don’t want one, I want you all”.

She saw Red open his mouth to speak but nothing came out

“Get your mates up here. I’ve three holes that need filling and I want them filling now! Aren’t you bikers all supposed to be sex-mad and up for a gang-bang?” 

“They’ll be here in a minute anyway. I told them to come watch me fuck your ass.”

“Better get on with it then or one of your mates might be fucking my ass before you”

“I still don’t believe that your prepared to fuck all of us” said Red.

“How do you want me to prove it other than by doing it?”

“If you are ready to fuck a pub load of bikers in a strange pub miles from anywhere, I reckon you would be up for all sorts of other kinky stuff as well.”

“Maybe”

“So, let a couple of our chicks fuck you as well whilst we all watch”

“Is that all you can think of” she replied. With that, she took the cue from the table and, lying back so he could see clearly, she worked the fattest end inside her pussy. When she had about four inches in, she started to move it in and out. Starting with a slow gentle rhythm, eyes closed in ecstasy, she built up speed until her hand and the cue was just a blur. Within a minute her hips bucked furiously on the table as she came.

Red stood open-mouthed at the tableau before him. His hardening prick was becoming uncomfortable in the front of his jeans so he released it to relieve the strain.

He placed his hand over Andrea’s and carried on using the cue on her. She opened her eyes and smiled at him as a second orgasm washed over her. Pulling her closer to the edge of the table Red removed the cue and replaced it with his cock, looking incredulous as Andrea took hold of the cue and licked her own juices off it.

Looking over her new lover’s shoulder she noticed that the room was starting to fill up with a number of his biker pals. Some had their mouths open in awe, others were already stripping off their clothes ready to join in. She saw two girls kissing and fondling each other at the back of the group. 

She dug her nails into Reds back as he pummelled his cock deep into her fiery cunt and wrapped her legs around him, urging him in deeper. He started pumping furiously as he felt his balls start to tighten. Feeling Red tense his thighs, she realised he was about to come and she urged him to ease up a bit. She was enjoying the feeling of his monstrous cock and wanted it to last. “Don’t come yet lover,” she implored. “Take it easy”. Red slowed his pace a little and tried to delay his orgasm but he was too close. 

“Fuck it, I’m coming” he yelled. 

Andrea prepared to feel his hot cum shooting inside her. He groaned loudly as he came. Four, five six ribbons of hot steaming jism gushed from his cock and splashed deep into her womb. Andrea peaked again as she felt him coating her insides. Satisfied, he withdrew his softening cock and looked Andrea straight in the face. 

“Christ doll, you’re a good fuck. Are you sure you want to fuck us all? If you want I’ll keep these cunts off you and shag you some more myself!”

Looking around at all the expectant faces she replied. “You are a decent shag Red and I’ll let you screw me again before I go, but I said I’d fuck you all and fuck you all I will. But before any of you blokes get anywhere near my snatch, I want your birds to clean me up with their tongues first.”

With that, she motioned for the two girls she’d spied earlier to come closer. As they approached the table she saw that both of them had a lustful look on their faces. “I want you two first”.

Both girls started to undress as they climbed on to the table. One girl, a brunette with hair that reached down to her hips, removed her tee-shirt to reveal a small, pert pair of tits. She knelt by Andrea’s head and moaned as she felt her lips close over her nipple. The second girl, a busty blonde, parted Andrea’s thighs and worked her fingers deep into her cunt. She continued inserting until nearly her whole hand was lodged firmly between her straining lips. Andrea had never experienced being fisted before and she wished the blonde would insert her whole hand. She came almost immediately, thrashing around on the table as if she was being electrocuted. Continuing to finger her, the blonde then fastened her lips onto her engorged clitoris and nibbled at it with her teeth. She then buried her tongue deep into Andrea’s cum filled fanny and started to clean up all the spunk that Red had deposited. Despite everything that Andrea had previously experienced that day, she’d felt nothing like the sensations that were washing over her now. She felt as if she was about to pass out as another orgasm hit her. When she had licked up all of Reds come, ensuring she didn’t swallow any of it, the blonde removed her hand and made her way up Andrea’s body. She traced a line from her clitoris via her heaving tits. Clamping her mouth over Andrea’s, she kissed her deeply and let Reds cum slid into Andrea’s throat. She felt something pushing at her own fanny lips and looking over her shoulder, she smiled as she saw that her friend was now wearing a strap-on and was trying to enter her from behind. She adjusted her position slightly to give easier access and groaned as she felt that hard plastic phallus bury deep inside her. She bucked her hips as the brunette fucked her harshly then groaned as she felt it being removed. 

The brunette then entered Andrea’s foaming snatch and fucked her with the strap-on. 

She alternated between the two women until both of them cried out as more orgasms flooded over them. Andrea whispered to the blonde that she wanted to taste her juices. Grinning wildly, the blonde climbed up the table and straddled Andrea’s face, lowering her dripping love-hole over her eager mouth. Andrea greedily lapped at her fanny, drinking down the juices that flowed copiously from her chasm. She took the dildo from the brunette and put it on. She motioned to her to climb on top.

Andrea raised her hips and slid the full length of the strap-on into the brunette’s willing cunt. The brunette grabbed hold of the blonde’s tits as she bucked up and down on Andrea’s rock hard ‘cock’ and squeezed them tightly. All three girls frantically pleasured each other using their mouths, fingers and that plastic phallus until they collapsed into an exhausted heap.

Andrea slid from under the prostrate forms of the two girls. “Right boys,” she cried, “Firstly I need a drink and then it’s your turn”. A loud whoop of joy went up from the assembled throng and from somewhere a bottle of lager was pressed into Andrea’s hand. She took a long pull from it and nearly choked as the fizzy liquid caught in her throat. She spilt some of the foaming beer onto her tits and one of the throng immediately started to lick it up. Andrea felt herself being pulled towards the edge of the table. One by one the bikers lined up ready to spear her willing loins with their rampant cocks. They took her in all combinations, ensuring that no part of her body was neglected. As a particularly large cocked black biker worked the full length of his prick into her cunt, she glanced over at the two girls who had pleasured her earlier and saw that they were being fucked senseless as well. The black biker groaned and shot her full of his seed and was immediately replaced by another. She saw Red climb onto the table and straddle her head. Reaching up, she pulled his cock to her mouth and kissed its purple head. She ran her tongue down its length and took his tightening bollocks between her lips. This was too much for the biker leader and he shot his load over her tits. Another biker took his place and pushed his prick into her mouth, synchronising his thrusts with those of the biker buried deep in her snatch. 

A heady aroma of sweat and love juice filled the pool room as Andrea and the two biker chicks used their bodies to satisfy all of the biker gang. By the time Andrea crawled achingly off the table, 6 hours later, she had been fucked orally, anally and vaginally by 12 different bikers, as well as the two girls. She had had so much spunk shot into her mouth and cunt that she was surprised that it wasn’t coming out of her ears! She was literally dripping in man juice and her hair was matted with it. She spied Red over in the corner, the blonde girl on her knees trying to blow some life into his flaccid member, and staggered over to him.

“Did you manage to fuck my ass then?” she enquired. “I’ve had that many in there I wasn’t sure.”

“Yes I did, and a nice tight ass it is as well” he smirked.

“Good. I’m glad I was able to keep my promise to you. Thank you for allowing me to have so much fun with you and your gang. Gotta go, things to do.”

She dressed quickly, and, stopping to kiss everyone deeply, she left the bikers to carry on with their orgy and made her way back down the stairs. Her last view of the melee before she went was of the brunette holding the strap-on aloft and asking if there were any men man enough to let her use it on them.

*******

Back once more in her car, Andrea checked the time. 10.00. Her body ached even more than it had before she had been to the spa. She contemplated going home and recharging her batteries. This was only the first day and she had six more before her husband returned. Six more days of fucking and sucking all and sundry to prove to herself and her friend Michelle that she could be a whore for a week. Pulling out of the car park she remembered the two teenagers she’d seen earlier and resolved to make them her first conquests tomorrow. She set off for home and arrived there around 10.30. Opening a bottle of wine she had a long leisurely soak in the bath whilst reflecting on the days events. She made a mental note to tell Michelle all about it in the morning. At 11.30 she went to bed and slept as soundly as a baby and awoke the next day feeling fit and refreshed and ready for more fucking

to be continued.......