 "Good news Tom! Mum says yes."

"Oh brilliant. I owe her one."

Some background:

My name is Tom. I am 32, a year older than Lisa, my wife of nine years. We have two children, one aged five and one aged seven.

What Lisa's mum had said yes to was to look after our kids so that Lisa could help me out at work. When my dad retired five years ago he handed me his business, an electronics shop, selling high quality audio equipment. 

I work there full time, Lisa helps out occasionally and I employ six other staff.

The reason I needed Lisa to help out this saturday was because I had one member of staff off on maternity leave, another on holiday and since Monday another had gone sick with a broken foot. 

I needed more than four in, hence Lisa's mum taking the kids.

It also meant that me and Lisa could have a couple of evenings to ourselves as her mum was taking the kids from friday to sunday.

Before I got too excited by this prospect, Lisa burst my bubble.

"I invited Jenny to stay on friday night, then she could come into work with us on saturday morning."

"Oh, good thinking," I mumbled, unenthusiastically.

Jenny is Lisa's cousin. She's 19, studying law at university, and very bright. She also happens to work part time at my shop. She works on wednesday afternoons and all day saturday.

I like her. She works hard, is reliable and very bright, as I said before. I've known her since she was 8 years old.

She shares a house with five other students on the other side of town and her journey to work involves two buses, so she has stayed at ours a couple of times before.



Back to Jenny. She's 19, clever and quite attractive. I would have thought she would have no end of boyfriends but this is the mystery. At work she is a closed book as far as relationships are concerned. She'll talk about most things but when the conversation turns in that direction she shuts down.

None of the staff have got a clue about that side of her. She never talks about boys (or girls). Even Lisa has no idea.

Apart from myself, Lisa and Jenny, there's one other woman, currently a new mother, and three men, at the shop. Two of the men are married and in their late thirties, and the other, Carl, is 22.

Like Jenny he is also a bit of a closed book. A great guy but quiet and shy. We suspect he may be a virgin. If he's not he's certainly very inexperienced. A couple of the staff reckon he has a soft spot for Jenny, but it is really hard to tell.

Back to Friday:

As I said I was a bit disappointed when Lisa told me that Jenny was staying on Friday as I had hoped we could have some rare time for just the two of us.

Still there was always saturday night.

Jenny arrived at about six. She'd been to university, gone home, got changed and sorted out her work clothes.

She arrived wearing a pair of grey leggings and a charcoal hooded top.

Shotly after, Lisa's mum arrived to collect the children.

The three of us decided to go to a bar and then get a pizza.

We got back home about ten, couldn't find anything to watch on tv, so just sat about talking.

"How's uni going?" I asked Jenny.

"Oh you know," she replied, as if that answered anything.

"Have you lost some weight?" Lisa asked her.

"Maybe. I've been running a lot, but thanks for saying that," Jenny smiled.

"Anyone want some wine?" I asked.

"Go on, " said Lisa," but let's not go crazy. We've all got work tomorrow."

"Yes boss! I joked.

I bought in a bottle of wine and three glasses, and we carried on chatting as we drank.

An hour and another bottle of wine later we were all feeling a bit pissed.

Lisa had a coughing fit, and I started to rub her back. In return she leaned over and kissed me on the lips.

"Do you want me to leave you two to it?" Jenny asked, half jokingly.

"No we're fine thanks hun," answered Lisa.

Silence for about two minutes.

"I know," Lisa almost shouted. "Let's play a game."

"Like what?" Jenny and I asked, almost in unison.

"Truth or dare," Lisa suggested, with a wicked smile on her face.

"Christ you must be drunk," I groaned.

"Ok," whispered Jenny.

"Are you sure?" me and Lisa asked, again nearly in stereo, shocked at Jenny of all people.

I hate drunk party games.

Lisa got an empty wine bottle and we all sat on the lounge floor.

"Do we have to?" I tried to complain, but I knew I had lost already.

At first it didn't seem too bad. Quite sensible questions, not too personal.

Then Lisa said dare, and Jenny threw in the first dare.

"Lisa. I dare you to french kiss Tom."

"Kiss my husband. Oh god if I must."

She kissed me, and I must confess it felt great. I was getting horny.

After it was Lisa's turn. Jenny chose dare.

"Jenny I dare you to go out to the front path and shout at the top of your voice 'GOD I NEED A MAN NOW!!'

Jenny took a mouthful of wine, stood up, went out the front door and literally screamed it. We were all pissing ourselves laughing as I grabbed her and pulled her back indoors before the neighbours came out.

Another bottle of wine was opened as Jenny spoke.

"Lisa. I dare you to strip to your bra and panties."

"Oh here we go, " I mumbled.

Lisa stood up and pretended to do an erotic striptease as she removed her clothes, then sat back down wearing just her underwear.

Lisa's turn.

"Tom I dare you to strip to your boxers and go outside to the nearest streetlight and back."

I hesitated, looking at Lisa to see if she really wanted me to do that. I was surprised because Jenny was here. Lisa normally went mental if I so much as looked at another woman, and here she was asking me to strip to my underwear in front of another woman.

Also I was still not quite drunk enough to forget that Jenny was a member of my staff and I was her boss.

But I went into the hallway, stood behind the front door, removed my clothing, opened the door and as the girls collapsed laughing I darted out about 100 yards to the streetlight, wearing just my boxers.

When I got back we went back to the lounge. I noted that Lisa was still in her bra and panties so I remained just in my boxers.

My turn.

"Jenny I dare you to french kiss Lisa for two minutes."

"Haven't we been here before?" grumbled Lisa.

"Yeah but not you and me," Jenny piped up.

Then she crept forward on her knees and kissed Lisa.

A few silly dares followed. I was relieved because I was worried about the way this might be heading. At the same time I was quite horny. I also noted that Jenny was still fully dressed.

I spoke up.

"Jenny I dare you to knock on the neighbours front door, wearing just your bra and panties.

Jenny sighed but Lisa clapped her hands in almost childlike glee.

Jenny stood behind the door and stripped to her underwear before heading outside. Lisa and I watched from afar. I silently admired Jenny's young body as she snuck across the lawn.

When she came back we all sat down and drank some more, without speaking. It seemed as if we all needed a moment to reflect before deciding how to proceed.

Jenny went off into the kitchen and came back with a can of whipped cream.

Lisa and I looked at each other, raising our eyebrows.

"Lisa I dare you to cover your boobs in whipped cream and then let me and Tom lick them clean. One each.

"Now I......." I tried to protest, although I liked the sound of this. I was still trying to be the voice of reason.

Before I could finish my wife had ripped her bra off and was reaching for the can of cream.

She sprayed it over her chest.

I grabbed my phone to take a photo.

"Come and clean me then!" Lisa shouted.

Jenny and I leaned towards her and licked a breast each. We soon had cream over our mouths and were licking my wife's exposed nipples.

'Mmmmmm...." moaned Lisa as we licked.

Then she pushed us away.

"My turn," she smiled.

"Jenny I dare you to let Tom spank your naked ass."

"Ok, no problems." Jenny stood up and turned her back to me before slipping her panties down at the back.

"Nice ass," I thought as I took aim and smacked her three times.

She pulled up her panties.

"Lisa. Go outside totally naked and sit in the drivers seat of your car for five minutes," ordered Jenny.

When she had done this Lisa came back in and, still naked, looked at me seriously.

"Tom. Cover your cock in whipped cream and let Jenny lick it clean."

I was now too drunk to refuse and in truth I couldn't have backed out now.

I turned away from Jenny, took hold of the can, stuck it down the front of my boxers, and sprayed the cream all over my genitals.

I turned round, got on my knees and pulled my shorts down.

Jenny bent towards me and began. The first couple of licks were to the side, then the third one touched my shaft. She licked at the cream around my balls, exposing them, then worked back to my cock. She licked most of the cream off me and every time her tongue touched my penis it twitched. There was just a covering of cream around the tip of my cock, so she opened her mouth and took me into her. 

I looked over to Lisa who was openmouthed in both shock and joy, as she watched her cousin suck me.

"Ahem..." interrupted Lisa. "Shall we go upstairs and finish this there?"

Jenny slipped her mouth away from my dick and we followed Lisa up to the bedroom.

Jenny removed her underwear and lay on her back on the bed. Lisa climbed on and slipped her tongue inside Jenny's gaping pussy. I penetrated my wife from behind, thrusting into her.

Then Lisa sat on Jenny's face and as Jenny licked her cousin she took my cock in her hand and started to stroke me.

I lay on my back allowing Jenny to lower her cunt on to my face as Lisa straddled my cock. 

"Oooh..... oh fuck I'm cumming!!" screamed Jenny as my tongue worked at her young pussy. It reminded me so much of my wife's when I first met her, all those years ago.

I felt Jenny quiver as that first orgasm jolted through her. Lisa continued to grind her cunt on my cock, ignoring her young cousin's moans.

Before long both Lisa and Jenny had climaxed as I shot a load of cum into my wife.

We collapsed onto the bed.

After a short while, Jenny had fallen asleep.

Lisa and I went back downstairs to tidy up. We went into the kitchen for a glass of water.

"I can't believe we just did that! It was awesome!! gushed Lisa.

"I know. Amazing."

"I love you so much you know," said Lisa.

"I love you too. Did you mind? You know..... with Jenny?"

"No! She's my cousin. At least we got her guard down."

"Big time."

We climbed the stairs. Jenny was asleep, naked, on our bed. Lisa clay down on one side of her, I went the other side. Lisa turned off the light and we fell asleep.

I was woken up at first light by kissing noises. As my eyes adjusted I realised the two girls were kissing.

I watched them kiss as my cock stiffened, touching Jenny's ass.

Lisa began to suck Jenny's tits, as I reached across to stroke my wife's nipples.

Lisa slid two fingers inside her cousin's cunt. My cock twitched as It probed the 19 year old's asshole. I tried my luck as I pushed further. She put up no resistance as I entered her ass, pumping her as Lisa continued to fuck her with her fingers.

Soon Jenny was screaming as she came several times, each orgasm more violent than the previous one.

I pulled out of her ass and Lisa leaned across to suck me off, swallowing every drop of cum.

"You two are so dirty!" smiled Jenny as we lay there, me still slowly stroking her left nipple.

"We don't get much chance normally," said Lisa.

Reluctantly we got out of bed and all showered together. I left for work about thirty minutes before the girls, to do some paperwork and get the shop ready.

Myself, Carl and John (the other staff member that day) were already serving customers when Lisa and Jenny came in.

It was a busy day, with not much time for standing around gossiping. I tried my best to not think about the night's events. Difficult whenever I looked at Lisa or Jenny.

John flirted with my wife. He always does when he sees her but we all know it's just for fun.

When Lisa bent down to pick up a box he smacked her ass gently. She pretended to be shocked but we've all known each other long enough to know it's just banter. 

At one point he was drinking a coffee and as Lisa passed by she put her hand down to the front of his trousers and stroked his bulge.

"Oooh you tease, " he said almost girl like. "What would my wife say?"

All this was done in front of me. This was just how John was.

Jenny and Carl watched these goings on with a sense of disgust, as always. At one point I was standing by my desk looking out to the shop, when Jenny walked in, took a swig of coffee and looked at me.

"Do you know what I want right now," she purred.

I looked puzzled but said nothing.

"Your hand on my ass."

I touched the back of her skirt, squeezing her ass.

"Mmmmm...bad boy....bad boss....."

I lifted the back of her skirt right up and slipped a finger past the crotch of her panties and stroked her clitoris. She twitched and moaned softly.

John looked at her from behind the counter. She smiled and he smiled back.

"Oh you bad boss. Can I stay at your house tonight?"

"You'd better ask my wife."

"I will don't you worry."

As John approached I pulled my hand away.

"Ok Jenny? You look hot," he asked.

"Fine I think. Must be coming down with something."

At the end of the day we all went to a nearby bar for a drink or two.

Jenny asked Lisa if she could stay at our house again. Lisa looked thrilled at the idea.

Jenny spent a fair bit of time talking to Carl. They often had private conversations. A generation gap thing I suppose.

This time she seemed to be flirting with him.

"Is it ok if Carl comes back as well, for a while?" she asked Lisa and me.

We were surprised but agreed.

More whispering.

Lisa, Jenny and I left about eight pm. Outside the bar Jenny said she had told Carl to follow in about fifteen minutes so that John wouldn't be suspicious.

We waited around for Carl then the four of us walked home.

"What did you and John talk about when we left, Carl?" asked Jenny.

Oh something about how lucky Tom is to be going back home with two sexy ladies."

"You're joking!" said Lisa.

"No honestly. He wouldn't mind being in your shoes, boss."

We got home. Jenny and Carl sat in the lounge on the couch, while Lisa and I went to the kitchen.

"What's Carl doing here? What's Jenny playing at?" I complained.

"I don't know but I'm keen to find out. Let's get him drunk." Lisa had a wicked smile on her face.

We took some wine in and sat down. Before long it was clear Carl wouldn't be sober for long.

As he drank Jenny stroked his shoulder and his leg but he seemed completely unmoved by her flirting.

After an hour or so, Lisa exchanged a look with Jenny. I knew that look. Scheming.

"Tom and I will be in the kitchen," said Lisa.

We left the room, but instead of going to the kitchen we knelt down behind the lounge door and watched.

Sure enough, within five minutes Lisa was trying to kiss Carl. He still seemed unmoved.

She stood up and came to the door. She looked at us, but just smiled.

"Watch this," she whispered.

In the hallway she stripped to her bra and panties then went back in the lounge.

Carl looked in shock as she sat next to him.

She kissed him again and this time he responded, uncertainly and clumsily.

After about twenty minutes of this she stood up, pulled him to his feet and led him out the room.

Lisa and I just managed to remain out of his sight.

Jenny led him upstairs and into mine and Lisa's bedroom.

Lisa and I followed and peeked into our bedroom. 

Jenny removed her underwear before stripping Carl naked.

As she removed his boxers there was a moment which must be similar to witnessing an earthquake.

I don't know how to properly describe it but at the moment Jenny pulled off Carl's shorts, something occurred.

"Oh Fuck!!" exclaimed Jenny.

"Oh my God!!" whispered Lisa.

"Shit!" I said.

And that was it. Who would have thought. Carl's cock was massive.

I'm no expert. I haven't seen many in the flesh but I knew that this was a BIG cock. And I knew exactly what was going through both Lisa's and Jenny's minds.

Jenny climbed onto Carl and eased herself onto his shaft. Carl looked terrified.

He can't be a virgin, not with a cock that big I thought.

Then to my amazement, Lisa stood next to me and stripped. She walked in to the bedroom naked and climbed on the bed.

She kissed Carl as Jenny slowly rode his cock.

Then they swapped. Jenny sat on his face and Lisa climbed onto his cock.

"Fuck....whatever," I said as I stripped naked and went to the bed.

Jenny moved off Carl's face and impaled her pussy on my cock, as next to us my wife shagged Carl.

OH FUCK CARL!!!! FUCK ME FUCK ME CARL!!!!

WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN HIDING THIS YOU FUCKER!!?

OH FUCK TOM!!!! FUCK FUCK FUCK TOM!!!!

I'M CUMMING OH GOD CARL FUCK ME CUM INSIDE ME!!!!

Our bedroom was filled with Lisa and Jenny screaming as we pounded them. Heaven knows what the neighbours were thinking as our bedroom windows were open.

OH GOD OH GOD FILL ME UP TOM FUCK YOU FUCKER I WANT YOUR CUM INSIDE ME!!!!

CARL FUCK YES OH SHIT I'M CUMMING!!!!!

Finally it all quietened down as we all climaxed and collapsed in a heap.

Carl was first to get up.

"Umm...I've got to go. Err thanks," he stammered.

He got dressed, the girls watching him, keen to see that huge cock one last time.

Once he was dressed, he said his goodbyes. I've know idea what was going through his mind as he stood there talking to the three of us lying naked on the bed.

Lisa jumped up and caught him before he got through the bedroom door.

"Just one thing. Don't you tell a soul you've just fucked your boss's wife," she said, squeezing his arm. "Not if you want some more of this."

As she said the last word she pushed his hand against her cunt.

He stumbled out, still looking dazed.

"He looked terrified," laughed Jenny.

"I doubt we'll ever see him at work again," warned Lisa.

"Don't say that," I moaned.

Lisa and Jenny went to shower, then I followed when they had finished.

As I returned to the bedroom I was amazed to see Lisa's head bobbing up and down between Jenny's legs. I watched, stroking my stiffening penis.

I let them finish, happy to watch. After Jenny had climaxed they turned to see me in the doorway, stroking myself.

"Come here husband. I want to watch you cum."

I knelt at the end of the bed and teased my cock and jerked myself off in front of them.

Jenny clapped in delight as streams of cum shot out onto her legs.

"Bad boss."

In the morning, Lisa was first up. She returned with a tray carrying three cups of tea. We sat in silence, drinking. 

As she finished her drink, Lisa reached down to my cock and began to stroke me gently, making me hard again.

Then she bent down to kiss it. I was just starting to enjoy myself when she stood up and announced she was going to have a shower.

"Mum will be here in less than two hours with the kids and the place stinks of sex. I stink of sex."

She walked off to the bathroom.

Jenny looked at me and at my erect penis.

"It seems a shame to waste that," she nodded with her head towards my genitals, before climbing on to me and grinding her pussy into my shaft.

I couldn't help it as I fucked her, shooting my cum into her cunt as she climaxed several times.

"Fuck you I want you to fuck me all the time!!!" she cried.

I was worried that Lisa would hear. This was the first time I'd fuck Jenny without Lisa present.

We lay side by side after fucking and Lisa came back in, wearing a gown.

"Come on, time to get up you two."
