 The final six chapters should follow about a week apart. I left myself a lot of room to branch out, though, so that's not set in stone. Comments and ratings as we go into the Endgame would be much appreciated.

*

MISSY

I woke up with Rick's cock poking me from behind.

God, that drives me crazy.

One of these times, I'm going to just pull my panties to the side and let him "accidentally" fuck me in his sleep.

I bet I'd get away with it, too: twice before when he was humping against me in his sleep, I'd ground myself back against him, while fingering myself, and he came all over my panties. Both he and Rani thought it was just something that happened when we were both asleep, and laughed about it afterward.

I happened to have ended up in the middle last night so while I had Rick's cock pressed against me from the back, I had Rani's breasts crushed against me in the front. There are worse ways to wake up, of course, but I was going to be horny all day.

I made matters worse for myself by remembering that one time when Rani was in the middle, and she and Rick woke up early and, thinking I was still fast asleep, started fucking right next to me in the bed. When they saw I was watching them, naked and fingering myself, they began going at it with new intensity. We all came at almost the same moment, and that was definitely one of the greatest sexual moments of my life.

Sadly, it was never repeated.

My second frustration came a few hours later: with everybody gone for the day -- Mark and Rick at work, Barry off visiting his prissy little girlfriend's family, everybody else on a museum trip -- I had the morning to myself. A true rarity.

So I was relaxing out by the pool, wearing only my very smallest bikini bottoms, feeling both very relaxed and very sexy. Every once in a while I'd bring my hand down to my pussy -- not rubbing it, just pressing down lightly. Maybe I was imagining it, but I could swear I could feel some wetness even through the lined bikini bottoms.

Mmmm... I was giving some serious thought to slipping off the bottoms. I'd never been completely naked out here -- well, not in the daylight anyway -- but this was the time for it: everybody would be gone for hours, and nobody can get back here other than my own family and our next-door neighbors.

I had to do it.

I began lowering my bottoms. When I saw my naked pussy exposed to sunlight for the first time ever, I realized I was going to have to apply sun cream there.

And I'd have to do my clit last because as soon as my cream-covered fingers touched it, I knew I'd keep rubbing until I came.

Then I heard the side gate opening. I hoped I hadn't left it unlocked and this was the UPS guy.

I quickly yanked up my bottoms, and lay there looking as innocent as one could while lying around close to naked.

It was Cathy and Scott. Okay, a bit embarrassing, but it could have been far worse. There were awkward apologies all around, and finally I told them they might as well stay.

Scott's trunks were doing a very poor job of containing his cock. Or at least hiding the fact that he was completely hard. If Cathy weren't here, I'd have yanked down his trunks and taken it in my mouth the way I had the other night.

I almost smiled at the thought. He did me pretty well for a beginner, though right now it wouldn't take much to make me cum.

Clearly he had no idea that was me. Whom did he suspect? My daughter Vicki maybe? They'd certainly been flirting from first sight. But... why would she have tried to hide her identity?

I suggested Cathy remove her top as well. When she hesitated, I told her I knew Scott had seen her topless over here at the pool. Not that her top was covering much of anything (or that the bottoms were much better): I had a feeling Rick and Rani had no idea she owned it.

Cathy took off her top, and Scott got even ore visibly. Somebody's hot for cousin, I thought.

I bet if Cathy asked him to put sunscreen on her chest, he'd have exploded. Or if I'd asked him to put some on mine.

What a shame: I'm sure all three of us would have been happy with Scott applying cream to both of our chests.

We spent some time talking about... whatever... and then I turned onto my front and asked Scott to rub cream into my back. He did a wonderful job, relaxing me as he rubbed my back in the warm sun... and then making me shiver a bit when he reached around to get his hands on what little side-boob I have. Did he think I wouldn't notice?

Then I asked him to do my legs, starting at my ankles and working his way slowly up. By the time he'd gotten to my knees, I'd spread my legs enough to let him know I wanted him to go as high up as he could.

I knew my bikini bottoms didn't provide all that much coverage, and I wondered how much of myself I was exposing to him.

Was it my imagination, or was I breathing loudly enough as he came close to my panty line that both kids should have been able to hear me?

I could feel his cock lightly brushing against my leg. Cathy might not be able to tell, but Scott knew, and he knew I could feel it.

I wasn't going to stop him. However high he moved his hands, I was going to let him. If Cathy weren't here and he ripped off my bottoms and fucked me from behind, I'd have welcomed it.

Clearly my mind was going in weird places, as I imagined him first fucking the hell out of me and then

doing the same to his cousin.

He was at the seam of my bikini bottoms now, allowing his fingers to slip under the seam. By now he must have been feeling how wet I was, because I knew it had spread around the whole area. He could probably feel how smooth I was down there, maybe figure out this was the pussy he'd licked a few nights ago.

And then suddenly Cathy said they had to get back to the house, and they were gone.

Oh god, I was horny. I'd been ready to let my friends' 18-year-old nephew finger-fuck me in front of their daughter. And then fuck me if he wanted.

Hoping the kids had closed the gate securely behind themselves, I quickly peeled off my bottoms and finger-fucked myself frantically until, in just a few minutes, I came violently. It was an effort not to scream at the top of my lungs.

I realized I was still gasping for breath and actually felt a bit dizzy. I had the presence of mind to know passing out naked by the side of the pool wouldn't be a good idea, so I grabbed my bikini bottoms, ran inside the house, and collapsed naked on my bed.

I woke up about an hour later, when I heard sounds outside. Vicki was lying on the same lounger I'd just been on -- wearing both halves of a suitable bikini, fortunately. The sound I'd heard was Scotty entering the pool area, and Vicki greeting him.

Was I going to feel awkward facing him, having been almost naked in front of him earlier? With his hand almost touching my wet pussy? And maybe figured out that already made me cum by licking my pussy, while I'd sucked his cock?

I was pretty sure that Scott had already seen Vicki topless, and God only knew what else. Should I hurry down there to make sure "God knows what" didn't happen again?

They wouldn't do anything knowing I was home, would they?

Then I noticed Gail was already there, lying on a different lounger. She hadn't acknowledged Scott's arrival in any way. Okay, that should keep things safe.

I was still looking out the window ten minutes later when Cathy showed up, followed a few minutes later by Rani.

I guess I needed to go downstairs. I chose a suitable bikini, waved to the kids, and settled in on the lounger next to Rani's. There was already a tube of sunscreen on the lounger, the one Scott had used on me, but she never questioned what it had been doing there.

I also noticed my bikini top from this morning under the lounger. Hopefully nobody noticed that.

Scott, Gail and Cathy seemed to be a little distant with one another. And Cathy was wearing a very plain suit that looked like something her parents might have picked out for her when she was 14 or 15, and which she'd never actually outgrown.

I know what that's like.

And now Rani was over here, which wasn't usual during the day... holy shit. When they'd left here Cathy and Scott had gone next door and fucked, and Rani had caught them when she got home. Probably Gail had walked in on them too.

Okay, no way I was going to ask about this unless somebody volunteered the information.

Instead, I wanted to make up for last night's clusterfuck, and I told her -- when the kids were too far away from us to hear -- that Mark had found a great movie if we wanted to try another movie night. Actually I hadn't spoken to Mark since last night, he'd actually found the movie a few weeks ago and we were hanging onto it for the right occasion, but I thought tonight fit the bill. And maybe it would take Rani's mind off other matters.

Of course, by the low tone of my voice, she knew what sort of movie I meant, and she seemed to like the idea. And she added that Steve and Susan might be in the mood to join us, by which I assumed she meant... okay, that might be interesting.

SUSAN

Shit, I can't believe we did that. And Rani knows just what we were doing, even if she couldn't see us.

Steve's always so reserved about showing affection in public, but she managed to goad him into slipping his hand under my shirt and playing with my tits. I didn't need much convincing to allow him: there was nobody with us but Rani, and it's not as if we LL hadn't seen Rick rubbing her tits last night. Through a fairly sheer bra.

She was telling us a very inappropriate story about their neighbors Mark and Missy, Mark sucking on Missy's nipples while Rani and Rick watched. Words cannot express how much I wanted Steve to suck on my nipples right now, especially after all the caressing, how he'd been pinching them. It was a pretty empty road, Missy probably would have just whipped off her shirt and told Mark to go for it -- but that wasn't me, and would never be me.

I did slide my body down and rest my head on Steve's lap, though. Or more precisely, on his hard cock.

Convinced neither Rani nor any passing driver could see, I slid my shirt up over my tits and Steve began playing with them in earnest.

I became vaguely aware that Rani had stopped talking, and a moment after she turned on the radio.

I allowed myself a soft sigh.

I swear, if I thought we could get away with it, I'd have crawled onto Steve's lap and begun humping him. Maybe even slipped off my shorts first. But there's no way anybody in the front seat could not notice something like that.

Steve leaned down and began running his hand down my body from my breasts, to my belly,to the waistband of my shorts... then under my shorts. He was pushing my shorts down to my mid-thigh, exposing my lacy red panties. I know he hadn't noticed me putting them on this morning, but I was in the mood to wear something sexy.

He touched the crotch of the panties, and I had to bite down on my index finger to keep from reacting loudly.

He began stroking my clit through my panties. Oh God, was he going to try to get me off right here in the back seat?

The back seat of his sister's car?

Oh my God...

I touched my nipples to make sure they were as hard and as sensitive as I thought they were.

I was tempted to ask Rani to turn the radio a lot louder.

Steve pushed the crotch of my panties to the side and brushed a finger across my wet pussy. He was really going to make me cum in the back seat of Rani's car.

And I was more than ready for it: we'd gotten to bed too late last night to have sex, and I'd been a bit aroused every since I'd watched Rick and Mark play with Rani and Missy's breasts last night. And the movie. And then what Rani told us in the car. And Steve teasing my naked breasts just now.

I spread my legs as much as possible. I knew it wasn't really making it that much easier for Steve to finger me, but it was my way of indicating to him wordlessly that I wanted him to go on.

And he did. He slowly... slowly... slid a finger into my wet pussy. I wanted to scream, mostly because I knew I couldn't. Part of me wanted Rani to know that her brother was finger-fucking me.

I brought my hands to my breasts and played with them roughly. I've always been a little shy about letting Steve see me touch myself, my breasts or my pussy, even though I know it turns him on. I should really do it more often.

"Just do it," I hissed. "Make me cum."

Steve began finger-fucking me in earnest -- or at least the best he could do given our awkward angle -- and I pinched my nipples hard.

"Yes, so close, damn you," I whispered. "Fuck, make me cum." I brought down one hand and began rubbing my clit, something nobody had ever watched me do, and suddenly an orgasm took over my entire body.

Holy crap. In the back seat of Rani's car.

Even before I caught my breath, I realized we had another problem: either Steve had a small lead pipe in his pocket, or he was in no condition to get out of the car in public. I turned myself around and before he could protest unzipped his shorts.

I could see him glancing at the rear view mirror: his sister could see his face, so he had to be careful not to betray anything.

(As if Rani didn't suspect, right?)

I'd have just used my hands, but then there'd be all sorts of mess in the back of the car. Since fucking was out of the question, that left my mouth.

I freed his penis, then closed my mouth around it. He seems to be both ecstatic and terrified.

I wondered whether part of him was thinking about last night when Missy drunkenly joked about giving him a blow job.

Who knows, maybe he had been. Either way, he came in about three minutes, and I swallowed very drop. It probably wasn't the best blow job of his life, but at least by the time we got to the museum we were both completely decent.

#

The museum exhibit was a bust, so we came right home. I slept the whole trip back -- being a passenger in a car almost always puts me to sleep -- and when we got back to the house I still felt a bit groggy so Steve and I went to our guest room to take a little nap.

I'm pretty sure Rani thought that was a euphemism for fucking our brains out, and I imagine Steve wouldn't have minded her being right, but we did sleep.

When we got up, there was an IM on phone telling me everybody was next door at the Conway' pool. Rani gave me a conspiratorial smile when we got there, confirming what she thought we'd been doing. Seeing Missy, I couldn't help being reminded that she and Rani used to swim topless here in front of one another's husbands. I suppose if the kids weren't here, Missy's top might have been off right now.

And well, I guess, since it would just be me, Missy, Rani and Steve, maybe my top would be off too.

The kids seemed a bit subdued, which I later found out was because Cathy got a call saying she needed to get back to school tonight instead of after the weekend.

And maybe it was my imagination, but Missy seemed to be looking at me funny.

#

Rick got home, and was given the news about Cathy having to leave early. We had dinner, she took off, and we sent the twins to the mall to do some back-to-school shopping. With Cathy gone and Vicki off with some friends, we didn't want them just sitting around the house texting and looking at videos on their phones. Besides, the mall here is more than twice the size of the one we have at home.

A little after 8, Missy and Mark came over. Missy was wearing a t-shirt and very short shorts. I had to admit she could get away with it, with her petite figure.

Mark had a movie with him, as Rani had said he might: "Around the World in 80 Lays," described as a sex farce about a woman traveling the world to find out which country's men were the best lovers. I was a little apprehensive (and a little turned on) thinking about what Mark and Missy might get up to during the film, or even Rick and Rani. Steve and I had discussed it briefly when we were getting dressed, and I told him I was putting on my nicest bra-and-panty set "just in case," and we'd decided to just be cool with whatever anybody did -- and he promised not to freak out if he saw any parts of his sister he hadn't seen before.

We settled into the den with us sitting on one end, Rick and Rani on the other end, and the Conways in the middle. I had a feeling Rani had arranged this to put the most distance between herself and Steve, just in case.

The movie... wasn't very good. It was from the 1970s and showed it. The young woman's first stop -- she was wearing a halter top and short shorts with American flags on them -- was Canada, and the man she chose was prone to saying "eh," and he apologized a whole lot. But she was hot, and so were the guys (if you could ignore the 70s clothing and hair). When they were riding a moose together, she in front of him, he put his arms around her and cupped her breasts.

Mark pulled Missy closer and cupped her breasts as well. "How aboot this?" he said.

Steve surprised me by doing the same to me. Even though he'd touched me in front of everybody else last night, that had taken some coaxing.

Not the biggest deal in the world, since I was wearing a t-shirt with a bra underneath, but it was a big step for Steve.

In the very next scene, the woman and the Canadian were fucking in front of a roaring fire, while the moose looked on. 70s sex comedies, I could see, weren't big on segues.

The Canadian came way too quickly. And he apologized. We could have seen that coming, no pun intended.

There followed a quick montage that took her to Alaska (wearing the same skimpy outfit, but with red, white and blue earmuffs added), then Russia, then China. We were about to give up on the film, because so far the most erotic thing we'd seen was Steve touching my boobs over my clothing.

Then our girl was in Rome, where a beautiful Italian woman was flirting with her. "Have you ever been with a woman?" she asked. "No." "Would you like to?" the Italian asked, leaning her against a wall and grabbing her pussy through her flimsy shorts.

"Now we're getting somewhere," Rick said. I saw he'd not only put his hands on Rani's breasts --remember, we didn't have that clear a view of the two of them -- but was rubbing them.

"You guys do love girl-on-girl action, don't you?" Missy said. Mark had brought a hand to her lap, and I noticed Missy's shorts didn't have very much more substance to them than the American girl's

"Well, there's so much good stuff to look at," Rick said.

Of course in the next scene, they were already naked in a 69 position. There might not be much story here, but it was holding the guys' attention. Well, everybody's to be honest. Steve was stroking my breasts now, and I'm not sure he was even conscious that he'd started doing it.

Then in storms the Italian woman's boyfriend -- named Antonio, of course -- and demands to know what's going on. And... a few seconds later the American girl was sucking his dick, the Italian girl was licking her pussy, and Antonio was finger-fucking his girlfriend.

At this point I couldn't let anybody see my panties, because I knew I already had an embarrassing wet spot.

"Did you guys ever have a threesome?" Missy asked us.

"Um... no," I said.

"You want to?"

Mark gave her a look and she said. "Geez, it was just a question, I wasn't offering or anything. Lighten up, dear." She pulled off her t-shirt and rubbed her naked breasts across Mark's face. "These are just for you, dear." He pulled her close and ran a tongue across a nipple, then gave it a quick suck.

Over his shoulder, she caught my eye, grinned mischievously, and mouthed "Any time you want."

I knew she was kidding, but... I'm pretty sure that wet spot spread just a little bit.
