 1.

Tom Walker awoke with a start. He looked around him, but found nothing amiss in the cabin of his boat. He slipped on shorts and a t-shirt and went up on deck. The bright sunlight caused him to blink painfully a few times, but his eyes soon became accustomed to the light. He looked toward the shore of the small island where he was anchored but saw nothing.

He stretched, then went below to the tiny galley and heated enough water for a cup of instant coffee. He nursed the coffee for twenty minutes then hauled up the anchor and started his engines. He moved slowly around the island, taking his time before heading for home.

Just around from his anchorage he saw a small outboard boat stranded on the rocks above the water. He moved toward it slowly.

There was a woman waving frantically at him from the shore. From what he could see from this distance, she was quite shapely and attractive. She wore a very brief bikini that left no doubt as to her femininity. He was impressed.

He steered toward the shore, cutting his engines. The boat drifted slowly up to the rocks. Tom jumped up to the bow with an oar to fend the boat off from the rocky shore.

The woman smiled, obviously relieved that someone had heard her cries. "I'm so glad you saw me! Can you help me? I'm stuck."

Tom was even more impressed as he neared her. She was definitely stacked. "Don't tell me," he said with a smile, "you're having a bit of trouble."

"No, I'm having a lot of trouble," she said, somewhat curtly. She caught the painter he tossed at her then pulled him in and held the line while he jumped onto the rocks.

Tom asked, "You're alright, aren't you?"

"Yes, I'm alright. But I seem to be stuck high and dry."

"So I see. My name's Tom Walker. I was anchored just around the point and was just starting for home."

"I'm Lisa Cartwright." She offered her hand and he shook it, briefly.

Lisa seemed genuinely reluctant to let go of his hand. She looked him over boldly, frankly approving of what she saw. His 6-foot, 180 pound frame was to her liking, as were his dark brown eyes.

Tom met and returned her stare. He decided quickly that he wouldn't kick her out of bed. "What were you doing way out here in that little thing? The weather can change pretty rapidly. You could get swamped and sink before you got a mile."

"I guess I was kind of crazy, but it was such a nice day. I didn't think anything could possibly happen on such calm water. I forgot that there are no gas stations out here. Fortunately, I did have sense enough paddle to this island. At least, I'd be on dry land."

"Good move. You're lucky there was land nearby." He looked at the boat, which was wedged between two large rocks. "The hull seems to be alright, but it's not going anywhere until high tide. That won't be for another three hours or so."

"Three hours!" Lisa cried. "What am I going to do?" 

"Don't worry," Tom said. "Just come aboard my boat and I'll make some coffee and sandwiches. When the tide comes high enough, we'll free your boat and tow it in. I can't give you fuel because my boat's a diesel. Is there anyone I can call for you?"

Lisa shivered suddenly. "I just realized that no one knows I'm out here. No one would have missed me."

"Is there anything you need from your boat?"

Lisa said that she should get her purse and beach robe since that was all she had anyway.

Tom climbed down to the stranded boat, picked up her things and carried them over to Lisa, who by now climbed aboard his boat. 

"Say, this is nice," Lisa said, looking around the cabin. "Do you get out often?"

"I practically live aboard. Actually, I do live aboard in the summer. I stay aboard when the weather permits from spring until fall and haul her out in the winter."

"It must be nice. What kind of work do you do?"

"I'm a computer engineer and a consultant. That's what gives me the freedom that I enjoy so much."

Lisa studied him as they chatted. She liked what she saw. He looked to be about forty, in good shape and nice looking, to boot. She admired the way he moved, just like a big cat, lithe and lean with no wasted motions. Her thoughts began to wander farther afield and she speculated about what it would be like to make love with him.

Tom put coffee on and put together a tray of bread and cold cuts and cheese. He knew she'd be hungry after her paddle to shore and from the emotional strain of being stranded.

"You're an excellent host, Tom," Lisa said appreciatively.

"Thank you, pretty lady." He looked at her and said, "Please, don't wait to be asked. Dig in and just make yourself at home. I need to get us away from the rocks while the tide is flooding. Be right back." He started the engines and moved the cruiser out about 20 feet from the shore and dropped the anchor. 

Lisa dived into the food and ate ravenously. She poured coffee for the two of them, then heaved a big sigh.

Tom returned to the cabin and picked up his coffee. "It's beginning to cloud up and the wind is starting to blow." Tom and Lisa looked out the window. It did look ominous toward the west, but the tide was almost up to the small boat. In about a half-hour, they would be able to float it free. They should be back ashore by five, at the latest.

"I think I have time for a cup, anyway." He sat back and sipped the coffee.

They passed the time chatting amiably. Then, Tom went out and unstowed the dinghy and tied it alongside.

"Wait," Lisa said. "I'm coming along, too. You're going to need some help with that boat." 

They climbed into the dinghy and Tom rowed back to the rocks where her boat was stranded. The water was already lapping at the bottom and waves were splashing against the sides.

Tom went to the bow and tugged whenever a wave broke against the boat. Lisa added her strength to the effort. It began to move slightly, then suddenly broke free. They cheered as the boat floated away from the rocks.

Tom held the painter and guided her boat toward the dinghy. "You row back in the dinghy and I'll paddle your boat."

They got back to Tom's cruiser just as the rain started falling. Tom made her boat fast and hauled his dinghy aboard and stowed it in its accustomed place at the stern.

Lisa shivered in the chill air and went inside to warm up. She put on her robe and poured coffee.

Tom hauled in the anchor and started the engines. He headed for the marina, glad to be in out of the rain. He took the cup of hot coffee that Lisa handed him then went below to get his shirt.

"It doesn't look like it will be a bad storm, just a rain squall. At least, the wind isn't too bad, yet." 

Lisa stood close to Tom, her breast brushing his arm whenever the boat bounced in the light chop.

Tom felt Lisa's nearness and scratched 'stuck-up' off his appraisal list. From the way she was touching him, his cock began to stir in his shorts. The sudden interruption of his thoughts came as something of a shock. "What did you say?" he asked lamely.

"I asked you if you would like to have dinner with me, tonight. You can have anything that doesn't require a barbecue. I have a feeling this rain is going to keep up for a while."

"That's very kind of you. I'll eat anything except liver. I'm definitely not a liver lover."

"Nor I," Lisa said with feeling. "But what are you especially fond of?"

"Well, I like pizza with anything and everything, including anchovies..."

"Sounds like our tastes are pretty much alike," Lisa said.

Tom laughed. "I also like hamburgers, peanut butter and jelly, spaghetti, fried oysters, pork chops..."

"Not at the same time, I hope," Lisa interjected.

"Only if it's there." He had to laugh at the way she raised her eyebrows.

Lisa thought for a moment, doing a quick mental inventory of her cupboard. "I can pickup some fresh oysters when we get to the marina. You like them deep-fried with cocktail sauce and French fries?"

"Is there another way to eat them?" 

"Not as far as I'm concerned," Lisa said.

"Looks like the menu is set. I'll bring the wine from my private cellar. Uh oh."

"What's wrong?" Lisa asked.

"All I drink is red wine. White wine won't go down."

Lisa laughed.

"Hey, what's so funny?" Tom asked.

"I was afraid you'd think me gauche if I served you red wine with oysters. That's all I drink, too. Preferably a nice heavy Cabernet."

Tom smiled to himself. Something tells me this is going to be a fun evening. "In that case, I have just the thing. Just leave it to me."

They pulled into the marina at a quarter to five. Tom helped Lisa with her boat. He walked her to her car and got her address and phone number. He waved goodbye to her and moved his boat to his own berth. The rain had slowed to a steady drizzle and the air grew colder as night approached. He closed up the boat and ran for his car.

At his apartment, he stood in a hot shower for fifteen minutes, trying to soak the chill out of his bones. He decided against wearing a tie. He thought he had gaged Lisa well enough to think that she would prefer a little honest comfort to ostentation. He settled on a pair of casual slacks, a polo shirt and a cardigan.

The wine would be a good one, one of his best. A '74 California Cabernet should make Lisa's eyes light up. It would certainly grace the food, no matter how good it was.

He arrived at half-past seven. Lisa met him at the door and welcomed him with a light peck on the lips. She led him into the living room and made him sit on the sofa. She took the wine bottle from him and carried it to the small bar near the kitchen.

"My, my. Aren't we living high off the hog," she said as she read the label.

Tom laughed and said, "I figured the occasion warranted it." 

"I'm flattered. Let me check on dinner, then we'll have a nice martini."

"Sounds great," Tom smiled at her. She looked sexy in a pair of tight slacks and a knit top that did nothing to conceal the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra. Tom caught himself staring at her nipples as she turned and went into the kitchen. He stood, stretched and walked over to the bar and leaned on it. She seemed to have a taste for the good stuff. The martini was going to be delicious.

"Okay," she said as she breezed in from the kitchen, "things are moving right along. I'll fix us a drink and we can sit for a moment. Why don't you have a seat by the fire and I'll bring the drinks out."

They chatted about nothing and the rain. Dinner was ready in fifteen minutes and they ate almost silently. Dinner over, she led him back to the fire. 

"Toss another log on and I'll fix another drink." 

He did as she asked. She was there in a minute with their drinks and settled beside him. The fire crackled softly. The rain had picked up again and was streaming down the windows. Lisa shivered comfortably and sipped her drink.

"I can't thank you enough for rescuing me this morning. I still feel kind of foolish for getting myself into such a predicament."

"Think nothing of it, Lisa. I've been trying for a long time to rescue a damsel in distress."

She turned to face him and leaned closer. "You're a nice-looking knight, too, and you deserve a suitable reward." Her hand rested on his knee.

"Hey, hold it. The dinner and the delightful company are thanks enough. You don't have to..."

She put a finger against his lips. "Listen, sailor, I'm sure that you're wiser than that. I know that the dinner is enough thanks, and you know that the dinner is enough thanks. Has it ever occurred to you that maybe I find you attractive?"

"It's a good thing it's dark in here, or you'd see me blushing from acute embarrassment.

"Don't give it another thought." Her hand moved on his thigh until she reached his erection. She traced its length up and down with a finger-tip.

"I think something's come up," he said lamely.

"Indeed it has. Way up." Her fingers tugged at his zipper. She stopped. "Come with me to my room. Lots more room there." Her voice was hoarse with excitement.

He stood up, his erection obvious. He followed her, putting his hand on her round little ass. When they reached her bedroom she faced him and almost overwhelmed him with lips and hands. His cock raged and throbbed, threatening to burst through his pants.

She found his zipper and eased it down. Her hands trembled as she reached inside for him. She was also aware of his hands on her breasts.

"Please hurry, Tom," she said chokingly. 

For the next ten or fifteen seconds there was a small blizzard of clothing. They stripped hurriedly, unable to contain their desire any longer. They fell to the bed writhing and moaning, touching and caressing.

Lisa couldn't wait any longer. She knelt over him and took him deeply into her mouth. When Tom groaned with pleasure, she released him, then straddled him. She sought his cock with her wet pussy and gently rubbed herself against him.

Tom sighed and shifted so that he could put his cock into her. Lisa moved to help him. With a glad cry, she put his length into her. She threw her head back and wriggled her hips, reveling in the way he filled her. She bent forward and kissed him, then began fucking him with a force that amazed him.

"Lisa, honey, you're making me come!"

Without slackening her pace, she looked him straight in the face and said, "That's the object of this exercise," she said breathlessly. "Come, Tom. Fill me. Give it all to me."

Tom's face contorted with pleasure. He thrust his hips forward and he shot upward into her churning pussy.

As soon as she felt the first spurt she began coming. "Oh, God, yes!" She bit her lip to keep from screaming. Her nails dug into his chest and she gripped him with her thighs.

The pleasure seemed to go on for hours. They relaxed very slowly from the intense pleasure of their orgasms.

When they finally settled down, he put his arms around her. "I must say, this is just about the nicest 'Thank you' I've ever had. Perhaps you could get stranded again, sometime."

"Anytime you say, lover," Lisa said. "Anytime at all." She snuggled against him, her hand on his cock. His cock stirred briefly then relaxed with him as he fell asleep with Lisa.

2.

Morning dawned clear and bright. Tom slipped quietly out of bed and went to the window. He had a nice view of the marina and the open sea. It looked like it would be nice all day, at least. 

Lisa came up behind him and pressed herself against him. She put one hand on his flat, hard stomach and let the other slip down to his cock. Tom got hard almost immediately. He felt her hand slide up and down his throbbing cock. 

"You're going to make me come again." 

She looked at him wickedly. "Turn around", she said. 

When he did as she asked, she dropped to one knee and took him in her mouth. His knees almost buckled as her mouth engulfed the head of his cock. Her tongue was doing wonderful things to him. 

He stopped her suddenly and bent down to scoop her up in his arms. He carried her to the bed and laid her on her back. This time, it was he who straddled her. He moved up until his cock was at her mouth. 

She grinned broadly, then took him into her mouth again. She held him with two hands, pressing the head against her tongue.

Tom could only stand that for a minute. Then he slipped out of her grasp and got between her lush thighs. He was in her in a moment, fucking her with long, slow strokes. 

She caught his rhythm right away and fucked him in counterpoint, matching him stroke for stroke. They came simultaneously, then lay silently, holding each other.

A while later, Lisa gave him a peck on the lips and rolled out of bed. "I'll bet you'd like some breakfast. Will bacon and eggs do?"

"You're absolutely correct." He ran his hand up the back of her thigh. She swirled away from him, grinning.

"Breakfast first, then fun and games. You have to fuel up first."

"Look who's giving advice about fueling up."

"Ouch! I guess I deserved that. But I have to admit the wisdom of the words."

Tom swung his legs over the side of the bed. So, where is the john? I think I need a shower."

"Just through there," she pointed to the door. She grabbed her robe from the bed and headed for the kitchen.

Tom got up and stepped into the shower. He would shave on the boat, later. After the shower, he slipped into his clothes again.

He walked into the kitchen and sat at the small table. He watched her bustling about, cooking and getting plates out for the meal. A sudden thought struck him. "Lisa, would you like to come out on the boat with me for the weekend?" 

"Oh, yes, that would be lovely." She came over to him and kissed him, then pressed his face against her breasts.

Tom nuzzled her breasts. "The weather should be great. Nice and warm with hardly any breeze, according to the forecast."

Lisa looked at him with a leer. "Do you suppose we could go barefoot all over? I'd really like to keep an eye on that lovely cock of yours." 

"I don't see why not." His cock stirred again. "It should make the trip more interesting." 

She pulled away from him, then brought plates covered with bacon, eggs and toast. She sat down and they dived into the food.

Lisa slid into a daydream about the boat trip. She wanted to tease him while he stood at the wheel, to feel him grow hard under her touch... 

"Earth to Lisa. I asked if you're ready to leave any time." 

"Sorry, Tom. I must have been day dreaming. Yes, I can leave anytime. Just give me a few minutes to shower and put some things in a bag. Are we going anywhere in particular?" 

"No, I just thought it would be nice to cruise around the islands for a couple of days." 

"Sounds just great. And I won't have to worry about getting stranded."

Tom laughed. "Who knows? It could happen to me, too."

She was ready in ten minutes. Tom stopped by his place for some fresh clothes and they were off to the marina.

"What about food, Tom. Do you have it aboard already?"

"No, we'll have to pick it up at the marina. Can you do that while I get the boat fueled?" 

"Sure. Do you have a list?"

"You can make the list. Just remember we're only going to be gone a few days, three at the most."

"I can handle that."

Tom pulled up in front of the small store. "Tell Fred to charge it to my account. You can just push the cart to the pier and I'll be back to pick you up in about a half hour."

"Just right. See you."

She got out and closed the door. Tom paused a moment, watching her walk to the store. "Nice ass. A nice little ass," he mumbled, and headed for the parking area. He got the boat fueled and headed back to where Lisa was waiting with the groceries. Tom picked Lisa up and helped her stow the food. He went up to the flying bridge and started the engines while Lisa took care of the mooring lines, then threaded his way out of the marina into the main channel.

When they were clear of the harbor, Lisa looked all around and saw no other boats close by. She shucked her top, then the shorts.

Tom's eyes drank her in. He was getting horny already.

"This air feels wonderful," she exclaimed.

Tom looked at her, smiling. He watched her nipples grow hard in the light breeze. Lisa began unbuttoning his shirt. She was pressed against him and had to move away slightly so she could get his shirt off. Then she relieved him of his shorts. Pressing against him again, she ran her hand down his chest and stomach to his already swollen cock.

"I take it that means you approve of what I'm doing," she said in his ear.

"Yes, it does. But we're going to have to keep an eye out for other boats. They may not understand, you know."

Her hand moved on him. "If they don't understand by now, they won't know what's going on, anyway."

He put an arm around her and fondled a breast. She was a very exciting woman and he knew she was going to be even more fun when they became used to each other.
