 What is it about guys? Their cocks rule their heads that's for sure. Take my boyfriend Neil for instance. We've been going out together since school on and off. He's a stunning looking 20 year old guy. I know all the girls at school fancied his blonde hair, his tall frame and his well defined body. He isn't a body building type, in fact quite the opposite. The only exercise his arm gets is lifting a beer. Now I am not a plain Jane either and though my slim little self only comes up to his shoulder we still look good together.

Of course this 5 year relationship has not been without its gaps and we've fallen out more often than I care to remember. I haven't been an angel during these fall-outs and I know he hasn't either and if I'm telling you the truth, which is the point of this story, I rather enjoyed my periods of freedom. Neil has a nice, normal size cock which I assume is about 6 or 6.5 inches long but it's nice to get another one in your hand or slit from time to time, especially a bigger one. I have confessed some of my misdemeanours but not all of them. He wouldn't have been too happy at my one night stand with his older brother for instance. Actually it was great to do a comparison but Neil fucks better than his brother anyway which is why I never repeated the experience. So now you know what we're like.

So I said I like my fun and I already told you Neil likes his but when we're together we had always stayed true to each other. I think though that it's part of the problem. What's it they say about the best part of breaking up being the making up? That's what happens but then, when the making up excitement is past, I think we both get bored again and that's when we argue. I know with us being 20 it's an element of immaturity but it's also hormones.

Oh and he had another annoying habit. When we were in the doldrums sexually, he would constantly comment on other girls and how sexy they were, and even worse he would even comment on other guys and ask me if I found them sexy. I didn't lower myself to his level, even when I did think the guys were hunks and I even turned a few down who chatted to me when Neil was getting drinks or in the toilet when we were out.

So on with the big change and how it came about.

We had planned a cheapo holiday to Turkey together. It was only a 3 star place but it was a young hotel and it was all inclusive which meant we could concentrate on the fun and forget the spending money. 

One Saturday a couple of weeks before going I had promised to drop some DVDs off at the home of a woman I worked with. When I got there, she was out shopping with her daughter and her husband was at home. He was in his late thirties and not bad looking for an old timer. He asked me to come in and have a glass of wine and since I wasn't driving, I agreed. We chatted for ages and when I got up to go, he passed me a few compliments and kissed me on the cheek. I let him so he moved to my lips and kissed me very passionately. I found the whole thing amazingly erotic and could feel my heart pacing as he did so. I really enjoyed this larger guy with his strong arms around me and his lips covering my mouth. He stroked my breast and I let him. I then felt his hand quickly slip up my skirt and his fingers pull aside the elastic of my pants, his finger sliding easily inside me.

I was so hot. My hand was by my side and I could fell his massive cock against me. I squeezed it and it felt like a monster. Suddenly in a moment of clarity I realised, despite my beating heart, that this was not a wise idea so I stopped him. He was surprised but I told him, though I could easily have sex with him, his wife was my friend and I had never done anything while I was going out with Neil. Give him his due, he apologised and I left.

I told Neil that night as I had to clear my conscience. Instead of getting the angry response I expected, he gripped me and started kissing me. I was still randy from the day's excitement so quickly responded. As he kissed, he started to ask me questions about Dave. "How far up did his finger go, how big did his cock feel, would I have liked to let him fuck me?" I answered as Neil stripped me and started to fuck me. As he did so he kept asking over and over again and then as he shot his cum in me, he blurted, "God I'd love to see him fuck you senseless!"

Afterwards Neil said he had never been so excited. I pointed out that if I had come home with Dave's cum dripping out of my cunt he might not have been so happy. He didn't respond at all.

Well two weeks later, we arrived in Marmaris in Turkey excited and ready to party. The hotel was fine. It wasn't great but it wasn't bad either. The inclusive booze was local stuff but it had the desired effect and the benefit of being available as and when we wanted it. The other guests seemed to be a mix of families who had made a bad choice of hotel and younger people like Neil and I. There were a few groups of girls and guys who were particularly boisterous. Nearly all the guests were British or Irish. I noticed quite quickly on the first day that the Turkish waiters had eyes on stalks while watching these lithe British girls semi-nude running around the pool. Though the most of the staff were male and obviously quite young their dark hair and skin made them all look older. 

It didn't take Neil long to start up again.

"What do you think of the barman Kirsty? I bet he's got a big one. Wouldn't you like to find out?"

"For God's sake Neil, I'm not into big hairy guys so if you like him that much get him to fuck you instead!"

He shut up, at least until the next time he had been drinking.

What came next was his entire fault, of course. I had no intention of looking at, or for, another man. I had Neil and we were fucking like rabbits while we had been in Turkey, mainly because we were both pissed most of the time.

We had taken a long, long walk one day, rucksacks on back, packed lunch (courtesy of a raid on the breakfast buffet), and a few Coke bottles filled from an over ordering of the inclusive drinks served the previous day plus some ice in a Thermos flask and we were off. It was a wonderful day, not too hot, not too cool and before we knew where we were, the main beach was behind us and we had reached a rocky headland. We were about to turn back when Neil called me to say there was a way over the rocks. We clambered up and saw a stunning little sandy cove, protected on the other side by another rocky headland. It looked perfect for some sunbathing. We set up camp!

I lay topless and Neil was in a particularly fruity mood as the place was so secluded. We had been in for a swim and he pulled his swimming trunks off so I pulled the bottom half of my bikini off too and we swam naked. 

As we were coming out I noticed a guy walking along the beach and a second guy just behind him. They didn't look as though they were together. We smiled and waved and he waved back. He was quite a striking guy and was black. Unusual, for this area where most guys had been dark skinned, with what we Westerners would call an "Arabic look." He had a good look at me, but the water was at just the right level to cover my "jewels." I would have put his age at around 29 or 30. The other guy was Turkish, still slim but slightly shorter with broad shoulders. He was stripped to the waist and carried his shirt over his shoulders. His chest was quite hairy. He was very interested in this white skinned girl showing her tits to the world alongside a guy who, by now was walking out of the water, his tackle on full display. He also smiled in greeting and continued on his way.

When we returned to our campsite and flopped on the sand Neil started up again. He sat propped on his left elbow leaning over me and kissed me. He then licked my nipples.

"Nicely seasoned," he said, referring to their salty taste. "Can you imagine a gang bang out here with these two," he continued. "Long cocks sliding into your cunt and their cum over your tits."

His fingers were wiggling into me as he spoke and his cock was standing at full mast. I gripped his cock and slid the foreskin back and forth. I was thankful our large bath towel had kept most of the sand out of the important little places because if we were going to fuck, the last thing I wanted was a abrasive shagging.

Neil lay on top and started to slide his cock inside me. I opened my legs and lifted my knees to ease his entrance.

"We're being watched," he said as he continued his fucking.

"Who?" I said trying to sit up.

"Ssh, just relax and let them. It's exciting don't you think," he said. "It's our two passers by and both are wanking their cocks."

I suddenly felt very hot and very, very horny. I wanted to see those cocks and watch these guys getting excited over us.

"Let me get up and do me doggy," I said to Neil.

I pretended not to notice as I went on all fours but I was facing the guys. Once they realised I had seen them and was still allowing Neil to keep going, they moved closer. They seemed to know of each other rather than know each other. It was as if they saw each other every day but were both here for the same reason, to watch naked tourists. The black guy was smiling. His cock was not a monster but was bigger than Neil's. It was not so much its length as thickness. He had foreskin and the purple head looked enormous. It was the first black cock I had seen in real life. His sidekick had about 7 inches and was thinner but again, bigger than Neil. He was cut. The black guy was in cotton trousers with his cock sticking out of the fly, the Turkish guy had jeans shorts with the front unclipped and his balls hanging out.

They were both only about three feet away and I could see everything. Neil was facing them too as he fucked me and held on to my shoulders. The black guy walked forward until his cock was inches away. He looked at Neil and nodded. I assumed Neil nodded back as I saw an acknowledgment and he stooped to offer his cock to my mouth. By now I wasn't just hot I was flushing. I opened and accepted this thick brute. It tasted slightly salty but didn't seem to be dirty in any way and I was soon sucking away at it. Turkish guy stood alongside him and if in some unwritten code, black guy pulled back to allow him access. He too tasted salty but the head was drier. I used a hand to grip and suck and he moaned as I did so. I could hear Neil whimpering and swearing away at my back, obviously getting off on this scene.

The black guy put his hand in his back pocket and produced a single condom in its wrapper. He held it up and looked at me, nodding to the condom in his hand. I don't know why but I nodded back. He moved around and Neil watched as he stood at my side ripping the wrapper and stretching it over his cock. Neil withdrew and the black guy took his place. The feeling of this strange cock sliding into me and stretching me wider that I had been was exhilarating especially in the open air. The Turkish guy stuck his cock back in my mouth and Neil stood at the side wanking furiously. He was getting his wish! At that moment I couldn't have cared less as I was getting my fill anyway.

The black guy's cock was hitting the right spot and I felt the familiar warmth travelling up my body. My thoughts drifted to how I would look to any onlooker with two cocks in me at once and that thought brought me to an amazing orgasm. It washed over me my body tingling and alive as the black cock pumped my cunt. As I tried not to lose my rhythm with the Turkish guy, he struggled to pull his cock out of my mouth and almost made it as a jet of warm cum blasted on my face catching me unawares. It hit my left cheek then as he tried to pull it away, it hit my nose and then my chin with the thin fluid pouring on to my tits and the sand below. I felt the black guy tense and his orgasm dumped a load into my cunt from the rear.

The end game was quick and as soon as it had begun, Neil and I were again alone. He quickly mounted me as the guys both walked away and started to fuck my slippery wet opening struggling to gain purchase in my gaping gash. I clenched to help him and successfully achieved a warm blast inside me from his cum.

I looked sorry sight. Red gaping hole, cum covered face and finger marks on my tits from the various rough hands but I felt extremely alive, sexy and oh so dirty. We ran giggling to the water to wash off the evidence of our mini orgy.

Of course it was all Neil's fault. I felt a bit dirty afterwards and realised I would never have done it without his encouragement so I didn't really speak to him that evening. Men are always trying to manipulate us women to satisfy their own carnal desires aren't they? Still I suppose I would never have experienced a black guy if we hadn't done it. I didn't let on to him that it had been quite exciting but I didn't fancy going back the next day despite his begging me to do it again. I had to show that I did have scruples!

It was three days later and we were sunning by the pool. I was lying with a cocktail by my side, topless, sunglasses in place and i-pod plugged into my ears (to stop Neil's begging). The sun was warm and I was relaxed. I don't know what made me open my eyes but I was aware of being stared at. A guy almost old enough to be my father, well he was about 36 anyway, was sitting on the edge of the next sun bed ogling me. Alongside him was a lad young enough to be his son. I assume he was 18 as he was drinking but he looked very slim and immature. He was cute in a boysy sort of way. The older guy was in good shape though, receding hair shaved to look fashionable and tattoos on his arms and shoulders. He was of a stocky or perhaps I should say "chunky" build and he was talking quietly to the young lad.

I assumed they were commenting on my tits and with my large sunglasses in place, they had no idea my eyes were open. Neil, of course was out cold from too many lunch-time beers. I tried to work out their relationship but realised they were with a varied group of around 10 guys so assumed either a bachelor group or sports group on a short break away from wives and girlfriends. As the older guy whispered to the young guy, I could clearly see the outline of his erection in his swimming shorts. The older guy was obviously explaining what he would like to do to me. I was feeling a little damp between the legs so decided to tease a little.

I stood up, took off my glasses, threw my hair back and walked towards the pool. As I passed, I gave my widest smile to both of them and said a brief "Hi!"

I stepped into the shallow end and waded out into the pool, cocktail in hand before settling at the side to sip it. Older guy stood up and looked at the young guy bidding him to follow. I assume he was trying to set the young lad up, not realising that the comatose shape on the bed next to me was my partner. Older guy dived in gracefully and swam shouting on cutesy to follow. Cutesy wasn't as graceful but he had hurried into the water lest his tented shorts were obvious to all around.

I lost them as they swam up and down so when I heard a voice say, "On holiday?" it made me jump.

"No, I was just passing on my way to Tesco and thought I'd pop in," I said sarcastically.

Older guy smiled and held a wet hand out, "John, and this is my nephew Ray, well step-nephew really," he said nodding to the dripping lad who arrived at that moment.

"Taking him in hand then," I said. "Are you on holiday?"

"My brother is marrying next week at home and me and a group of his mates are having a bachelor week. Ray here just turned 18 and he is the son of my brother's wife to be so he came along to do his own celebrating or coming of age, I suppose. I've taken him under my wing."

"I bet you have," I thought, "Trying to get the poor lad laid!"

"Are you here with anyone?" John asked.

"My boyfriend," I replied.

"Lucky guy," says John, "I thought I would get my poor nephew here a girlfriend."

"Can't he find his own?" I asked.

"Well he's kind of new at it and I thought I could show him the ropes," he replied.

"I'm not sure there are many girls that would like uncle standing by to give instructions," I said.

"No, I didn't mean......" he started to say.

"But that would be kinda cool," I said, "Kinky in fact."

He stopped his apologies very quickly when he realised where this might head.

"And boyfriends wouldn't be annoyed?"

"Boyfriends would be ecstatic especially if they were quite kinky when conscious," I replied. 

I was amazed at what I was doing and poor Ray looked completely bemused by the conversation not sure what we were actually talking about. 

"We're going out with the guys tonight but not until about 9.00. Would you mind if Ray and I popped around to your place for a drink later this afternoon, say about 5.30? It would be good to get to know one another," said John.

"I'm sure snoring Neil here will have regained consciousness by then. We're in room 417," I said, cool as a cucumber.

"It'll nice to be in a group of attentive guys," I thought as the two blokes swam off. "It is only a drink and a bit of teasing."

At 4.00, I woke Neil and told him we had a couple of guys popping in for a drink so he had better clean himself up. The room has a little beer-laden mini-bar so that was the booze sorted.

It was only going to be a drink and a chat but I showered thoroughly as I didn't want to appeal hot and sticky and I donned a simple white t-shirt and shorts and no bra. I was on holiday anyway and had been topless by the pool so I had nothing left to hide. The only problem was that my nipples were very erect but I suppose it was the heat!

Neil had a pair or running shorts on and nothing else, I pointed out that thought the fabric was loose, they offered no frontal support and the line of his dick hanging over his balls was very clear. I asked if he was trying to be appealing to the guys! He laughed but didn't change.

We were on the balcony when we heard the knock on the door five minutes early. Ray and John came into the room both in a fog of freshly washed shower gel scent. I popped the beers and poor little Ray didn't know where to look as he accepted one. He was staring at my nipples. I smiled and stroked his hand as he took the beer, just to comfort him. Neil was already in full football-talk mode with John. I sat Ray on the little sofa and asked him why he hadn't had a girlfriend.

"I don't really want to say," he said.

"Look, I'm a stranger and nothing you can tell me will get to those thugs outside. Maybe I can help."

"I'm keep thinking I want one and then I don't," he said.

"What to do think when you don't?"

His eyes looked over at Neil and initially I thought he was worried they would hear but I realised he was looking at Ray.

"Oh, you think you're gay?" I said.

"But I fancy girls sometimes too," he said.

"Hey you might get the best of both worlds. I think we call it bisexual," I said.

"Let's see what I can do for you tonight," I said, winking.

As the two others kept talking and watching I leaned over and kissed Ray firstly on the cheek and then the lips. He responded quite amateurishly.

"Help this lad you guys, if he sees you strip down it'll help him relax," I said. I whispered to Ray, "And you can find out if its cock you like or not."

He looked shocked to hear me say it but also eager to see where this was going. The two guys clumsily started stripping, Neil to his Calvin Klein boxer briefs and John to a rather boring pair of baggy blue boxer shorts. I encouraged Ray and he slowly stripped down to a pair of tight white briefs with the beginnings of an erection showing. I stripped off down to my little lacy pants and slid Ray's briefs down. He was a well developed 18 year old with a thick 7 inch uncut cock. A wet, pink head appeared from behind the foreskin and I slid my lips over it. He gasped and lay back almost automatically, to give me more access. I held his blonde haired balls and cupped them to force more blood into his cock and sucked him harder.
