 It should have felt like any other day, sitting here on my bed with her, like we have a million times before. It's kind of a girl thing, leftover from childhood I guess, that we tend to cuddle up in bed when we chat. And usually, we would be over-analyzing our relationships or trash talking our boss, but today is a different day. I can smell the shampoo that makes her hair so shiny, and I know she just shaved her legs because they are silky smooth against my equally soft legs. I also know she is clean shaven "down there" because she prefers it that way, and I am a little curious about that.

It's the obvious male-fantasy, to be with two women at once, but most men would be surprised to know that us girls fantasize about that, too. Today, I will find out what all the fuss is about. My lover, the lucky, albeit surprised, man in my life, has agreed to a play-date with my girlfriend and me, and as we wait for him to arrive, we are nervous about what to wear. Typical.

Lisa, fresh from the shower, looks a little too casual in shorts, so I am trying to convince her to put on one of my nighties. She is taller than me, so the nightie only covers half of her bottom. Even though I have seen her naked hundreds of times, it is just now that I notice how full her breasts are, maybe because she is bursting out the top of my negligee. I run my fingers across her nipples to get them hard. 

"Perfect," I tell her, "he may even forget that I'm here." 

"Yeah. Right." she answers sarcastically as she stares at my outfit. It's not like me to make such a display of myself, but I was a little worried about Lisa upstaging me with her body, so I pulled out all the stops. Stiletto heels, silk stockings up to my thighs, garter belt and black push-up bra. Sexy, if I manage not to trip in these heels. Michael will be surprised, as he has only seen me casually dressed, or completely nude. Nothing in between. 

For once, he is early, and that throws me a little because I thought we would have time for some liquid-confidence, the bottle of wine I had chilling. Oh well, he may need a drink, too. I pour three glasses, and even though I had planned on putting on a robe to answer the door, I decide to greet him with a full view of my lingerie. 

As predicted, he is surprised, and for a moment I forget that Lisa is watching. I throw my arms around him, and kiss him the way I do when we are alone. His kiss is like sex, and I swear I could cum just from that. For sure, it gets my heart beating. A thought runs through my mind that he will be kissing Lisa that way and I wonder if I will feel jealous? But, the visual in my head only intensifies the rush.

Lisa has retreated to the bedroom, but I'm glad. I did not want to stand around making small talk in this outfit, so I lead Michael to the bedroom to make this unusual introduction. She is sitting on the bed with a sheet covering most of her body, silly girl. As I introduce them I wonder how it must feel to meet in such a way? They glance nervously at each other, and I decide to make a toast in order to preempt any meaningless pleasantries. 

"Here's to friends and...stamina!" I joke, knowing that everyone is hoping to make a respectable showing today. Easier for the girls, obviously. I down the rest of my drink and, out of habit, order Lisa to do the same. She never can keep up. 

Michael sits on the edge of the bed, as far away from Lisa as possible. This will not do. I climb in next to Lisa, and pat the sheets with my hand in an invitational gesture, so Michael comes to sit on my other side. It is a cozy spot, between two people I love, and all my nervousness disappears. I turn on my side to face Lisa and kiss her, I can see she is already nude, having discarded the unnecessary gown. I can tell Michael is undressing behind me and I see Lisa wandering his body with her eyes. He is pure beauty to look at. Fit, muscular, perfect skin...the kind of body that makes a girl want to touch herself.

I feel him unhook my bra and slip it off. My tongue is in Lisa's mouth and our kissing has become heated. My nipples press against Lisa's chest as Michael removes my stockings. There is nothing like skin-on-skin, and the feel of Lisa in front of me and my lover behind me is pleasure to the nth degree. My hand goes between her legs, simultaneously I feel his hand between mine. Already wet, he forces his fingers into me and I do the same to her. Two sighs, hers and mine, involuntarily I cum. I see them share a glance and a smirk of knowing. Of course I would be the first one to blow. It's no secret I exist on the nearly constant verge of arousal...a gun half-cocked. 

I move myself lower, bringing my lips to her pussy, and Michael leans in to kiss Lisa first on the mouth (how do you do?) then on her breasts (nice to meet you). She moans at the sensation of our kisses on her body and I notice her hand reach for his cock. I know she is aching for penetration, I can taste it. Different from the men who have enjoyed her this way, I am much gentler and I know exactly how to bring her to climax. And I do. She screams faintly and arches her back, I look at Michael, he will die if he doesn't fuck something immediately. I want to tease him, just a little.

I take his cock in my mouth and guide Lisa's mouth to his balls. We take turns, pausing to kiss each other now and then. I admire her technique as I see the way she makes him wait just a split second between thrusts from her mouth. I can see he is loving and hating it at the same time. He can't wait another moment so I pull Lisa on top of him, forcing her down on his cock, and he moans with relief. She is lovely on top of him, and I want to kiss her, but Michael is pulling me, wanting my pussy on his lips. I can do both. Facing her, I straddle his face, wrapping my arms around her. Kissing her, feeling her nipples on mine, Michael fucking her with his dick, fucking me with his tongue, I cum again. Lisa, too. 

Weak from lust, Lisa and I lay down again, face-to-face, with Michael behind me, spoon style. I am hoping we haven't worn him out, and by some miracle, he slides himself, still hard, into me. A little deeper, and a little faster, he pumps into me. Lisa can tell that it won't be long, and quickly moves herself around so she can reach my clit with her mouth. Of course this means I can return the favor. We two, making-out in a girl-style 69, are cumming in breathless screams as Michael cums with abandon inside of me, finally losing control. He groans, and trembles, then sinks into the bed. I feel his breath in my ear, and he whispers, "I love you," for the first time ever. But, I know he is drunk on nature's dopamine afterglow and will regret those words later on. I let him off the hook by pretending to be asleep. I am a little love-drunk myself, and can't help thinking about...next time.