 Journal Entry #15 - Pleasure Cruise Day 2, Double Down Under

Hi Journal,

Well, I woke up at around two when Tammy threw a pillow at my head and told me to get up. I showered and shaved, then put on my bikini and heels and brought my notebook up to the pool and grabbed a table. When I finished typing up Entry 14, I closed up the computer and ran back down to drop it off in the room.

I went back up to the pool and got in, but it wasn't really big enough to swim, and there were little kids playing in it anyway. I tried the jaccuzzi, but the kids had overran it too.

Feeling a little pissed I was heading to the buffet when I heard a whistle and turned. It was the two cute guys from the lifeboat drill, sitting in deck chairs wearing sunglasses and swimtrunks. They were totally hot looking, with big muscles that came from activity, not a weight room.

"You've got amazing legs," one said, the blond one, with an Australian accent.

"And a great pair of tits," the other chimed in, also with an Australian accent.

"And God, what an ass!" the blond finished. "Come and have a drink with us," he said.

I really needed a drink right then, so I agreed and sat down.

The blond's name was Angus, and the brunette was Mike. They were construction engineers (whatever that is) in Australia in the states on vacation. The problem was that the waiter wouldn't sell them a drink for me because I'm underage. They were really rude to the guy, but I knew he was just doing his job.

"well, thanks anyway," I said, getting up.

"Hold on!" Angus said, putting his hand on my arm. "Let's go somewhere where we can get a drink." Intrigued, I followed them to one of the shops in the ship where they bought a carton of cigarette, a box of cigars, and two bottles of vodka. They were so pissed off when the clerk told them they'd have to store the booze until we reached port. Oh man!

Anyway, Mike walked me to their room, a nice one with a balcony and after a few minutes Angus showed up with a tray of cocktails. I sat on the little couch and drank with Mike sitting near me, while Angus sat on the bed, watching me with greedy eyes.

"So, who were your friends?" Angus asked me.

"My roommates," I said, feeling the vodka in my drink mellowing me out totally.

"Maybe the six of us could get together later," Mike said, moving over closer to me. I asked him why as he took the plastic cup from my hand and he leaned in and kissed me. He put his arms around me and lifted me, moving over until he was on the end of the little couch and I was in the middle, and then Angus sat down on my other side.

The two men alone on the little couch were almost touching, so I was really squeezed in between them. I felt a finger under my chin and I broke the kiss and turned my head and kissed Angus. I felt hands on my thighs and one on my breast, squeezing, and the thought hit me that Entry #15 was going to be pretty damn hot!

If you've read my journal so far you know that I've never been in a threesome with two guys before, so I wasn't sure what was going to happen, or rather in what order. Mike turned my face back to him and we kissed as Angus lifted my top until my tit popped out. He started sucking me and I felt myself getting wet, even through the booze.

Mike popped my other tit out and he started sucking it while he squeezed it, and Angus started rubbing my pussy. I put my arms up and pulled my top off, and then arched my back so they could pull my bottoms off. It didn't take a second for them to untie and remove my damp bottoms.

"Crikey!" Angus exclaimed. "Smooth as a baby's arse, she is!"

"Hell yes," Mike agreed, and they stood and dropped their trunks, exposing two thick, hard cocks, and low-hanging scrots. Mike leaned down and kissed me, picking me up, and put me down on the bed. While we were kissing Angus said, "Call it, Mate," and Mike answered "Heads."

Angus flipped a coin and said, "Right-o, heads it is, thank you very much!"

Mike crawled up and put his fat cock in my face. I took it in my hand and leaned in to slurp the head, while Angus climbed in and spread my legs wide. Being helpful, I put my legs straight out and arched to give him better access.

"Jesus!" Angus groaned, and he got down and started lick my pussy. Mike grabbed my long hair and started pumping his hips, slowly fucking my mouth while Angus fucked me with his mouth.

I pulled off of Mike's rod and said, "God that's nice! Fuck me with your tongue," as I stroked Mike's cock in my fist. Angus rose, lifting my hips and legs and forcing my shoulders back against the bed. Mike just leaned forward and fucked my mouth, forcing my head down into the matress. Once Angus had me in the right position he stuck his cock in me, stretching me more than I'd had in a long while.

"Jesus!" he moaned, "You're gonna love this one, Mikey! Tight as can be and she's a grabber too!"

I spread my legs wide and whined with pleasure. These two gus were using me as a personal fuck toy, any way they wanted, and it was totally cool! Mike pullled his dick out of my mouth and stroked it firmly as he dropped his hairy sack into my mouth. I sucked on his balls like they were French truffels, savoring every moment and loving the salty, musky flavor, with a hint of Hawaiian Tropic coconut.

When the feeling hit me it hit hard, and I slammed back against the matress and yelled out, "Yes! Fuck me like that!" Instead of the usual slow build up to blast off, it was like a freight train that suddenly appeared and was coming on llike a jet plane. Angus was ramming his fat cock into me fast now, so fast that his balls were slapping against my ass with each stroke.

"Crikey!" he yelled, and just as the explosions started in my belly and in my chest, and behind my eyes, Angus started to spurt into me, ramming so hard as he did that our come was squirting out from around his cock and spattering my thighs. I let loose and was howling, saying some very unladilike things and squealing like a cat in heat.

When he finished squirting Angus pulled out and traded places with Mike, sticking his softening dick in my mouth as Mike shoved his monster into my pussy. Mike was a little bit thicker still than Angus, and I was so sensitive it felt like he was driving a train into me, and it was a powerful, fast train too. Mike didn't make any pretense, fucking me hard right away, nearly folding me over with each thrust and knocking the breath out of me.

I closed my eyes and tried to keep up with both of them, thrusting back against Mike's piston-like cock and sucking gently on Angus. I opened my eyes wide and crossed them and watched Angus' cock getting stiffer, growing thicker and longer as my gentle sucking started to fight against his shallow thrusts.

What the hell do they feed these guys!?! Before long his cock was as hard and ready as when he first rammed it into me.

"Beg off," Angus said, pulling his cock out of my mouth. "I want another go!"

"Fuck off," Mike replied, slamming into me again, "This is some prime twat here, and if I've got filet mignon, I'm going to bloody well take my time and enjoy it!"

I was afraid they were going to fight, but Angus settled down and put his dick back in my mouth and played with my tits.

Now, around this time my pussy really started to tire out. Having been with "Everlasting" Alex only twelve hours before, this double-team was really wearing on me. Not that it didn't feel abso-fucking-lutely fantastic, it was just that I couldn't keep up. I eased back on my thrusts, unable to summon the energy to keep my poor thighs and back going, and Mike didn't even seem to notice.

And then Mike started groaning and slamming into me even harder than before, a bit faster too! He started yelling at me, "Ride my fuck meat you little cunt-whore! You have the finest little cunny in the world and I'm gonna fuck you so raw you won't even think about another guy for a month!"

He let loose with a stream of obscenities like I hadn't heard before, calling me a cunt, a whore, a little bitch, and a slut, and telling me (I guess complimentary) comments about my legs, my skin, my face, my hair, my tits, and most of all my pussy. He went on for almost five minutes before letting out a whoop and burying himself in me up to his balls and unloading his come.

"Well look it here," Angus said, walking around and getting between my legs. He dipped his finger in me and pulled it away, trailing a mixture of our three comes all mixed together. He sucked it off of his finger and made a face, and then he looked at me and winked. He climbed in between my legs and put his cock against me and said, "Needs a little something more, I think."

Panting, I threw my arm across my eyes and prayed I would pass out. But when he slid his dick in it was like a surge of energy, and before I knew it I was fucking him back.

Mike had stumbled to the couch and sat there, drinking one of the cocktails. He was watching me, and I liked it. I made a show of squeezing my titties and arching my back, all the while squealing (though I don't think I could have held back on that).

Angus was pounding me fast and hard, and all thoughts of my show were quickly erased as I got into the fucking. My head was reeling, and it felt like the room was spinning around. I saw Angus tense up and he slowed down, keeping his cock in me and slamming only an inch or so in and out.

Angus let out a groan and he fell over on the bed next to me, on top of my leg. I didn't even feel him come, but from his reaction he definitely had. I laid there panting and trying to make the room stop spinning when I guess I fell asleep, or passed out.

When I woke up it was evening, but it couldn't have been that long. Angus and Mike were on the little couch watching the TV and finishing off the cocktails. When he saw me sit up, Mike said, "You did us right sweet Teri. You need any help getting back to your cabin?"

I swung my legs off of the bed and stumbled across the room to the tiny little bathroom. I cleaned up a little and staggered back out and put on my bikini and shoes.

I told them I was okay and they both kissed me before I left, Mike reminding me that I should ask the girls if they wanted a party. I said I would and I made my way up to the Empress Deck and to my suite. I took a long shower and got ready for dinner.

I was almost ready when Tammy and Becca came in, and I gave them a brief version of this entry. They dressed too, and we all went up to the supper club and had dinner.

I demolished my dinner, and then finished the other girl's stuff too. I didn't realize it until then that I hadn't eaten since the night before. I mentioned that to the girls and Tammy laughed and said, "Yeah, but you sure have gotten a lot of protein!"


We all laughed and went back to the suite. I crashed out and was asleep before the girls had left for their night of fun.

I'll see you soon, Journal!

Love,

Teri