 Admittedly, Darlene and I have always enjoyed being watched while we fuck. There's just something about that, which raises the level of intensity and desire in each of us. For Darlene, it's the trigger, the key that somehow turns over the switch in her otherwise demure, almost shy personality whenever she's not actually on camera. In a way, it's that same metamorphosis for her. The camera coming on turns her into the smart, intelligent professional that she really is. Fucking...in front of someone, turns her into the wicked, devilish, totally uninhibited woman that I so love seeing whenever that happens.

Darlene had stood moving over towards the railing. It was one of her favorite positions, being taken from behind, half standing, half leaning over. Madeline continued to watch us, still fingering her split, her look concentrated as she did so.

"If I may ask a question of you both," she said smiling. It was a rhetorical question as she continued before either one of us could actually respond. "I was wondering if you'd care to indulge an old lady a request, a particular form of pleasure that I so enjoy."

I was buried balls deep inside Darlene's cunt, stopping the slow thrusts in and out of her pussy as we both turned curiously towards her. "What do you have in mind?" Darlene asked smiling at her with an almost knowing sense of her as still yet unasked request.

Madeline stepped over closing the distance between us. As she did, she slipped her hand down, forcing me to withdraw slightly as she grasped my cum covered prick, Darlene's girlish fluids clinging to it, though she purposely ensured that the head of my cock at least remained inside my wife's slick juicy pussy.

"It is my biggest joy to be in control. To ask, no...let's be honest here," she amended. "To demand and expect compliance with those demands," she now said her eyes taking on an entirely new look. "To bring about pleasure in unexpected ways, to prolong it, delay it, even to the point of denying it until I see fit to allow otherwise," she said now fondling my cock, and then squeezing it hard, before actually yanking it out fully from my wife's quivering slick tunnel. She rubbed the head of it around and about my wife's ass, leaving a nice trail of sticky lubrication as she stood there toying with it.

"Since Edwards death, and up until now, I've not been able to fully enjoy those pleasures, or partake of such carnal delights. It is my hopes of course to do so during this cruise, but what I again ask, is that perhaps the two of you consider allowing me to entertain a few of those now."

Darlene and I had from time to time entertained and thrilled one another with some mild forms of bondage. We had of course tied one another up in bed, had teased, tickled, and pleasured one another in mild, though delightful little ways, giving up control, being entirely at one another's mercy. At times the sex had even gotten a little rough, a bit wilder than normal, but never to the point where we had caused one another any real pain, or had caused one another to fear being hurt or truly injured. Now however, as we both stood there realizing the implications, this was an entirely new area for us, especially as we'd literally just met Madeline and knew very little in the grand scheme of things, as to who she really was. She seemed to sense our hesitation.

"Have no fear," she said smiling, softening her look. "I am good at reading people, knowing what they'll like, what they can tolerate and enjoy...and what they can't. Allow me to just share with you a small taste of what I believe the three of us can all enjoy together," she asked.

Once again we smiled, and perhaps that mere act gave permission or approval, I don't honestly remember now, though it mattered not. In the next instant, I first heard as well as felt the stinging slap of her hand coming down on the bare surface of my ass cheek. It wasn't a simple slap either, something else that Darlene and I had both toyed with, dabbled in quite innocently. And it wasn't that it really hurt so much, though it did sting to some extent which took me by surprise, but that it came so unexpectedly and so resoundingly causing me to jump, though I thrust deeply inside Darlene's cunt upon feeling it. Hearing my wife groan pleasurably, I then felt Madeline now soothing my ass with the palm of her hand where she'd hit me. At least now, I knew what to expect, and actually steeled myself for the next one. Once again she caressed, I began to withdraw in order to slam into my wife once again, but again her hand came between us, grabbing me, holding me in place.

"Only when I say," she said with those again piercing eyes of her, her hand continuing to draw light tickling circles on the back of my ass. "With my hand..." she finished, the slap once again coming unexpectedly, catching me off guard, stinging yet again, even more fiercely perhaps this time as I involuntarily responded to the sensation, thrusting inwards, Madeline's hand suddenly releasing me at just the last moment. Once again buried to the hilt, she stepped behind, pressing herself against me, sandwiching me between the two of them. She spit, wetting her fingers, I felt her touch, felt her gentle easy probe though I am sure my eyebrows raised up several inches as I felt her middle digit suddenly encircling the tight opening of my ass. I felt her mouth on my back, her tongue and lips kissing, the sudden nip of her teeth, once again causing me to lurch, which I did, just as her middle finger buried itself deeply inside me.

"Fuck your wife," she hissed, easing her finger in and out of my passage. I slid out, and then in, feeling another stinging slap of her hand on the opposite side of my ass, her finger impaling me just as firmly on the stroke. "Again!" she commanded. And again, I thrust, hearing Darlene's moan of delight as I impaled her fully, deeply, just as deep as Madeline's finger impaled me. "Again!" she stated, and again I thrust, holding still only for a moment, sudden surprise as the tingling sensation of a too soon release began to manifest itself deep within my balls. I felt her hand, her finger slipping out as she once again stepped beside the two of us. She took Darlene's hand, drawing it down between her own legs.

"Pinch it," she said looking at her. Forced to step back, I stood there and watched, amazed to some extent by what I was looking at. "Pull on it...tug it," she said once again. Madeline had taken my wife's hand, placing it on her sex, or rather upon the largest biggest clitoris I had ever seen before in my entire life. It looked like a miniature penis, blood engorged, swollen, nearly the size of my pinky finger, though somewhat shorter in length, though not by much. I saw the look in Darlene's eyes as she realized what she was now holding onto, looking down, smiling in delight as she indeed pressed it between two of her fingers, pinching it, holding it, and then pulling on it as she'd been asked to do. "Suck it," she now told my wife.

It was erotically odd to see my wife so obediently slither down the woman's legs until kneeling before her there on the deck. As though hypnotized, Darlene drew the woman's enormous clit in between her lips, sucking it in much the same way that she so delightfully sucked my cock.

"Spank her ass," Madeline bade me, looking down and over at my wife, her heart shaped ass so vulnerable as she knelt. Darlene continued to suckle the woman's clit, now very much aware of my presence as I circled around behind her, now likewise kneeling down. "Hard!" She reminded me, nodding her head in approval.

This was again something we had both dabbled in, and even as my hand came down on my wife's ass, slapping her, I had done so far less harder than I'd done before in the privacy of our bedroom. Madeline looked at me with a less than approving look. "You can do better than that, and your wife knows it!" she said somehow knowing she did. Darlene had moaned, but not as intensely as I'd heard her do when I'd spanked her before. I spanked her again, far harder this time, hearing that moan, though Madeline again looked at me disapprovingly. "Harder!"

This time I wasn't as sure, but I slapped her, felt the sting in my own hand, felt Darlene jump a little, though to my amazement, she didn't complain, or quit sucking Madeline's clit. She smiled at that, nodding her head in approval and then reached down, drawing Darlene back up to her feet.

"I'm going to show you something quite pleasantly exquisite," she told her. "But you'll need to trust me, along with your husband a little in order to do that. Will you?" she asked.

"Yes!" Darlene responded without hesitation, but the look in her eyes confirmed the fact, that the wild woman in her had emerged. I knew then and there, she was in the zone, ready and willing to do whatever the hell it was that this woman wanted her to do. But then again...so was I.

"Good!" She said grinning wickedly, and then proceeded to tell us what it was that she wanted us to do. Even after hearing her explain it, I still wasn't sure. Darlene as well seemed a bit hesitant, but then that wickedly naughty woman inside her took over. To my surprise, she positioned herself as she'd been ask, waiting expectantly for me to do my part. "It's not all that difficult," Madeline told us both. "I've in fact done, and experienced this myself as you'll soon see. It's actually quite erotically stimulating and a hell of a lot of fun!"

The upper railing was smooth, rounded and made up of polished brass. It was high enough of course to prevent anyone from accidentally falling over, though from our deck, it wouldn't have been into the water, but onto the main deck surrounding the ship below us. Even then, I was nervous though Darlene didn't appear to be in the slightest as Madeline and I lifted her. Darlene draped her legs over the upper railing, now supporting herself as she hung there upside down. Just seeing her hanging like that took on a look of erotic decadence, the sensation of which sent a surge of throbbing want up and down the length of my rock hard shaft.

"Perfect!" Madeline said as we let go stepping back to almost artfully appreciate my dangling wife. Once again she moved forward, inching apart Darlene's legs ever so slightly, the affect of which opened her up even more obscenely than she already was. She leaned forward, her tongue immediately coming out to lap at my wife's very swollen exposed clit as she hung there, twitching, quivering. "Good...now, jerk off my clit," she instructed my wife, "while I suck yours!"

Madeline had likewise instructed me to come up from behind her. Using her own slickness, I momentarily fingered her wet juicy split, as my wife hung there beneath her, working the woman's large extended clit, literally jacking it off just as she'd done to me. Assured my finger was well lubed, I applied it to Madeline's ass, quickly locating her own puckered little spot, and slipped the tip inside her. I continued worming it about, and then slid the entire length of it inside as she spread herself more openly, inviting the play as well as giving me even easier access to that particular tight little passage.

In the meantime, Madeline licked, tickled, and sucked my wife's clit, all the while having her hanging upside down against the railing, her feet dangling off the side, though she was in no danger whatsoever of falling over suspended now the way that she was. But even I had to admit to the wickedly decadent position she was in, seeing Madeline leaning over, sucking my wife's cunt while I stood there fingering her ass.

"Squeeze my tits!" Madeline told me. "Pinch my nipple, as hard as you possibly can!"

I knew by now of course that Madeline's pain threshold was far greater than my own, and even Darlene's. I pinched, pulled, and twisted her extended nipples painfully, though it was clearly evident to Madeline, it was perfect. She moaned delightfully, still flicking her tongue into my wife's split, causing her to squirm there against the railing.

"Now...slip your prick between my legs, not in me...but between me," she commanded. I stood behind her doing so. "A little more," she instructed. I had no idea what we were doing, though I felt her wet slick lips pressing against my shaft as I pressed myself even more fully against her. Apparently, my wife immediately figured out what was happening. In the next instant, I suddenly felt the tickle of her warm mouth surrounding me, and realized as she did that, she had likewise gathered in Madeline's thick, long little clit. She was sucking the two of us simultaneously!

"Oh my God!" I cried out with the realization, my wife struggling just slightly in order to accommodate us, though manage it she did. The fact she had gathered us inside her mouth together, licking and sucking us both seemed to much the perversion that it was, yet so erotically stimulating that I once again threatened to discharge my spunk all too soon.

Unable to hold the position for as long as I might have liked, I finally had to step back, though Darlene's pussy was at that precise moment exploding in extreme ecstasy anyway.

There were times when I had seen her squirt, though she didn't do it all that often, or certainly every time either. But this was in fact...one of those times when she did. Suspended as she was, her cunt directed upwards so provocatively, even Madeline was pleasantly surprised as Darlene came, screaming out her pleasures which I noted upon standing next to the railing looking down, weren't missed by those now standing below us. Many of which now gathered, looking up in wild-eyed surprise upon seeing my wife dangling there the way that she was, precious clear-liquid eruptions sprouting from her cunt, her spray arching back up and over the railing, some of which fell all the way to the deck below us, garnering applause.

Now drained, no longer able to sustain herself, Madeline and I helped to lift her up off the railing and then back onto very wobbly, weak knees. She collapsed down into one of the lounge chairs, her face red with the flush of her pleasure, but to some extent with shy embarrassment too as the persona of her usual self had returned.

"Oh my...that was certainly...interesting," she mused still flush in the face, yet obviously pleased at having experienced all that.

I was myself on the verge of simply shooting off, without even using my hands! Madeline now reaching down, grasping my cock and leading me back over towards the railing. A few still standing below us, though most now had moved off. Upon seeing us once again near the railing, most stood below looking up expectantly, wondering what might happen next. No one had very long to wait as Madeline made it clearly obvious what it was she was up to. Even I was a bit embarrassed and hesitant at first. Madeline now stood behind me, her full firm breasts pressing against my back, her hands reaching around in front, my rock hard prick now stuck through the railings as she stood there jerking me off. Many below stepped a bit further back, mostly the men, though much to my amazement, two women actually moved inwards still looking up, almost expectantly.

"They're waiting for it," Madeline charged me. "Don't...disappoint them."

I stood there watching the first jettison of my cream arch into the air through the railing. As though in slow motion, I could see the two, and then three women standing below, actually gauging the decent of my flying cream as it flew out, and then plummeted down towards the deck as they stood there below, waiting for it. Somehow, the weirdness of that very act caused the second, third, and even forth spurts to exceed the first, shooting even further out and forward before gravity claimed them, pulling them down. And though only one splat of cum actually ever reached the mark, it was as though a bride's bouquet had been tossed, and the lucky recipient of it below me the winner of the unexpected surprise. There were giggles and laughter, and moments later more applause as our captured audience below finally began moving off as our sensually erotic show ended. I couldn't help but laugh at the blonde haired woman below me who actually looked up once again, waving, pointing at the area of her breast where my cream had obviously landed hitting her. She showed it off to her friends, almost proud of the prize she now carried away with her as they slowly sauntered off.

I now stepped back, rejoining my wife in one of the lounge chairs. "Well I must say Madeline, you are indeed an unexpected delight, and I for one am glad to have met you," I told her quite honestly. "That was indeed, a very strange, though very erotic little experience."

She smiled at that. "I'm glad to have met the two of you as well, and hope that we'll again have opportunity to explore a few other things together as well. Perhaps tonight, since it is fetish night," she then added hopefully.

We all parted company then, Darlene and I both heading back inside for a shower, and then actually dressing for lunch, something which now felt strange in actually wearing clothing as we'd both gotten so used to not wearing any.

We sat enjoying our lunch however, and wondering about the evening entertainment. We of course had a few vague ideas of what to expect, especially with the theme and all. We'd of course purchased a few appropriate items to wear when coming to it, but neither one of us had truly dabbled in anything really too kinky, until recently of course.

Dressing up as part of a party, enjoying the look of others was one thing. How far either one of us could actually go, or participate in whatever challenges might be asked of us, or require us to face, was something we could only deal with, when and if it happened.

Which of course...it would.

**

For those who wished to attend, the "Fetish on the Sea" party as it was called began at 8:00 that evening. Darlene and I were surprised at the rather large turnout realizing that so many would actually attend such an event, but apparently it was in fact one of the more popular evenings planned during the ten day cruise. 

Darlene had in fact gone out and purchased a few items for us to wear. I wasn't at all sure, or entirely all that comfortable in wearing the tight leather pants, though especially the collar with the chain attached to it, which my wife would be leading me around by. The outfit she'd chosen however was certainly far more interesting. She looked a little like Cat Woman as portrayed by Halle Berry in the movie, though without the head gear. I actually wouldn't have minded her wearing something like that either, but with her long dark hair and a simple eye mask, she looked good enough even then. Her full breasts were certainly an obvious feature, the thin skinned material highlighting every precious curve, not excluding her sculptured ass. But my favorite thing about her particular costume was the strategically spaced zippers that could easily be undone, giving access to the more intimate parts of her entire body.

Once again, we were also pleased to see that both Jack as well as Beverly were in attendance as well, though Jack was in fact a bit more uncomfortable as he was indeed wearing a piece of head gear that completely covered his face. Beverly had shown some boldness herself, her leather bra having cut-outs, allowing each one of her nipples to protrude quite erotically through it. A pair of very short, black leather shorts, high heels and fish next stockings, along with several dangerous looking spikes and chains hanging on her completed the ensemble. Not too surprisingly, we all took a table together, ordered drinks, and then enjoyed the parade of sometimes macabre, sadomasticistic outfits seemingly worn by nearly everyone in attendance.

But the one thing that the four of us all found quite interesting, and extremely curious, were the various platforms, and props that had been placed about the ballroom area. Obviously there wasn't a scheduled band, though a DJ was playing appropriate music for the night's event. But as I said, the various platforms, stages, with somewhat interesting devices which had been spread about, proved to be an interesting topic of conversation as we all sat trying to figure out what their various purposes might be for. And in consideration of the cruise we were on, the prospects of finding out soon enough would prove interesting to say the least.
