 I am sure that because of the unusual circumstances the girls had suddenly found themselves in, that it had a lot to do with what happened next. Though I also believe, the encouragement they were also given by both Jack and I as we sat there had a lot to do with it in addition to that.

There was very little that Darlene and I hadn't shared or discussed with one another over the course of time. Most of it had been private, sometimes decadent fantasies, curiosities, or desires we'd been more than comfortable in sharing with one another. One of mine of course had been seeing Darlene with another woman. Something she wasn't adverse to, not by a long shot as she'd professed what I felt to be a natural curiosity about that herself. Darlene had shared with me one or two situations where she'd "sort of" fooled around with another woman prior to our being married several years ago, but beyond that, hadn't ever really done anything. Especially either going down on, or having another woman ever going down on her. I could only assume from the little we had learned about Jack and Beverly, that she had even less experience in that regard than Darlene had had. But that too could have simply been because she'd never revealed it, or would admit to it even if she had.

Mattie was the first to stir, and upon doing so, had run her hand down the inside of my wife's long slender thigh, down to her knee and back up again. I heard her sigh pleasurably as Mattie did this, sitting up just slightly in order to look over in my direction. With Jack still sitting in one chair, and I the other, I gave her our already talked about "signal" merely smiling with a simple nod of my head as she looked over towards me. She smiled back, and then lay down on her back once again as Mattie too had seen the non-verbal approval given between the two of us. She then smiled at me, rolled, and immediately began to softly run her tongue up Darlene's legs doing what her hands had been doing only moments before. Sensing movement, Beverly opened her eyes, rolling onto her side now watching as Mattie continued the soft flirting tease up my wife's legs moving ever closer to the puffy very swollen lips of her split. Looking over towards her husband, Jack sat grinning, his hand slow-stroking his cock back to another hard stiff erection. Perhaps they had their own signals, or maybe it was simply seeing his hard prick standing up again that caused her to lean over, placing one of her hands around my wife's breast, cupping it, and then lowering her mouth to surround the firm erect nipple, sucking it in as she did so.

Once again Darlene sighed pleasurably, her arm coming up and around Beverly's bare back, caressing her with finger tickles as she lay tonguing, and flicking Darlene's hard stiff little tit tips.

I had felt my own cock suddenly lurch with renewed interest, taking a brief quick glance over towards Jack as he sat there fisting himself, firmly erect now, obviously very aroused at what he was seeing. I couldn't blame him in the least, now enjoying the feel of my own cock in hand, watching Mattie as she just then allowed her tongue to snake out, finding the sweet little pea of pleasure between my wife's legs. Darlene groaned, arched her back, and literally lifted her ass off the bed briefly in response to that.

"Damn!" Jack moaned excitedly. And again, I couldn't blame him, smiling in agreement, feeling a bit of lubrication suddenly leaking out the head of my dick as the two of us continued watching in pleasured amusement, jerking ourselves off.

Mattie was really going at my wife's pussy now, her fingers had wormed their way inside, slowly fingering, tickling, and teasing her just as her tongue was doing. I had seen my wife reach out gripping the sheets within her fist in one hand, and all but digging her fingers into Beverly's back with the other as she continued to lavish quick flicking tongue licks against my wife's nipples, alternating back and forth between her breasts, paying homage to each as she did. Hearing her begin to pant a short time later was a sure sign she was rapidly approaching climax. Sensing this, both girls seemed to increase their ministrations and caresses of her body, hands seemed to be everywhere at once, lips and tongues as well, kissing, sucking, flicking licking, driving Darlene wildly insane as she began to writhe in ecstasy between the two women.

"Oh my God!" Darlene finally exploded, once again arching her back, pulling the sheets with her as she hung there for a moment almost as though suspended on wires as she somehow unbelievingly held that particular pose. Even Mattie had been forced to come up to her knees, her hands suddenly running beneath my wife's ass, helping to hold her there as she pulled deeply on Darlene's clit, sucking it for all she was worth, just as Beverly was now doing to her right breast, her other hand pinching quite fiercely her mouth neglected nipple. "Holy fuck!" Darlene screamed then, her orgasm suddenly overwhelming her, the next sounds out of her mouth holy unintelligible as she ran them all together, hissing out her pleasure before shuddering back in a near convulsive fit back onto the bed.

I hadn't even realized it until that very moment. I'd been stroking my dick, pumping it harder and faster the closer Darlene got to climax, when she came, I felt the first pleasured spurt of my own cock joining her climax, the spunk leaping from my prick tip to land somewhere near my feet, though I only realized that I was even spunking upon feeling it, too engrossed in the unbelievable scene that I'd just witnessed to at first even realize I'd just climaxed myself.

I had learned long ago, the harder Darlene came, the more sensitive she became as well, her hand letting go of the sheet as she ran it down between her legs, protectively covering herself against the continued onslaught of Mattie's still lightly flicking tongue. Her delightful, sensual giggles giving further evidence to her pleasure, the giddiness of her high infective causing both Mattie as well as Beverly to giggle along with her.

"Now...it's your turn!" Mattie said moving over to place herself between Beverly's legs. I noticed there was no additional look from her back towards Jack, she simply fell onto her back, her legs just happening to be bent at the knee as she did, Mattie using them to even more decadently spread her, revealing the very wet, very slippery swollen pink folds of her sex.

Unlike my wife's totally bare, and smoothly shaved pussy, Beverly still had a bit of neatly, closely cropped and trimmed pubic hair. It wasn't dark, though neither was it blonde, a sort of very light brown, even sparse triangle just sitting above that wet looking slit. Just as she had done to my wife, Mattie now did to Beverly, easily locating her hard little nubbin, flicking out at it with her tongue, vibrating it like a tiny little finger.

It was odd to see and then hear the reversal of roles between my wife and her. Darlene was always generally very vocal, but she'd seemingly lost her ability to speak until actually reaching orgasm. Beverly had said or exclaimed very little all evening, far more reserved and shy in nature, with only occasional bouts of boldness and brashness escaping her lips. Not now however, as Mattie drew her precious little clit inside her mouth and began gently sucking it, Beverly unleashed a diatribe of wickedly erotic feelings that were easily heard by all of us, not to mention whoever might have been on either side of us, or even outside walking by in the hall!

"Oh my God yes! Suck my fucking clit!" she literally screamed out at the top of her lungs. I looked over, saw the very surprised expression on Jack's face, though his smile was again about as wide as it had been all evening, if not more so as Beverly continued to express herself emotionally. "Stick your fingers in me please!" she wailed loudly as well. "Fuck my cunt with them, fuck me, eat me, suck me!" she screamed out over and over and over again.

I watched as Jack finally stood up, weak in the knees as he wobbled towards the bed. Mattie looked up, saw his approach, smiling, yet still flicking her tongue out at Beverly's clit. When Jack was close enough, she reached out, her hand now grasping his prick, drawing him onto the bed alongside her. She took over for him then, jacking his cock, her tongue still furiously working Beverly's pussy as Darlene's hands now began molding, fondling, and hotly caressing each of Beverly's sweet tender looking breasts.

Jack's deep grumbling moan announced the arrival of his pleasures, his prick suddenly leaping in response, the first spurt of his fluids rushing out in a torrent, Mattie holding onto, still jacking his cock, though now aiming it directly at Beverly's cunt. Fascinated, I had stood coming over to watch this myself, watching his cream as it poured from his prick splashing against his wife's pussy, Mattie now licking his spunk at the same time she continued licking his wife's precious cunt. Beverly's screams of rapturous joy filled the air, along with the sound of pleasured giggles and chuckles coming through the wall in the next room as she did so.

Long after Jack had collapsed down onto the bed, thoroughly spent, Mattie lay between her legs, softly licking her, lapping up Jack's glistening white spunk, savoring the combined taste of each. It was erotic as hell to watch her as she did this, amazed at myself now as my somewhat flaccid prick once again began to make an appearance.

"Wow!" Beverly eventually managed. "That was...incredible!"

"Yes, it was..." Darlene added, and then surprised me as she crawled over towards Mattie, glancing only briefly towards me as she did so, leering at the young woman, slithering up and onto her body until she lay fully against her, interlocking their legs together. I stood there, watching as Darlene began to softly, slowly, sensually grind herself against Mattie's cunt.

With a faraway look in her eyes, Mattie began grinding back against her, humping herself, meeting each grinding hump she was given with one of her own. I felt my own limp dick remarkably coming back to life as I stood there watching the two of them together, even the sounds of their very wet, very slippery pussies began to manifest themselves, sucking noises coming from each, so hard pressed were their grindings upon one another, the pure sensuality of the moment mind blowing in its nature.

And I knew Darlene waited, something she could very often do once she had had one or two climaxes previously. I don't know how she did it, but she could. Waiting until she knew, felt, and soon heard as we all did, Mattie's pant of release, her suddenly cry, whelp, and then deep throated groan as she screamed out the word "Fuck", drawing it out like a several syllabled word. As she did, Darlene joined her, the juices of her quim suddenly increasing, releasing, adding even more erotic sounds to their now combined climax as they lay there, still humping, coming together.

**

A short while later Jack and Beverly returned to their own cabin, thoroughly exhausted, but happily satiated. Mattie left as well, though we'd learned she didn't have another shift again until two o'clock the next afternoon, and that Gregory would of course be attendant to any of our needs until then. I caught the brief smile in my wife's face upon hearing that, and especially after we now knew who Gregory was after Mattie had described him, telling us that it had been he who Jocelyn had so unashamedly fucked out on the dance floor.

Although I would have preferred to sleep in at least a little, Darlene was up and about early as was usually the case. Most often she got by on less than six hours sleep, and vacation or no, such was the case here as well. But it was the aroma of fresh hot coffee that caused me to stir, hearing the door to our cabin being knocked on, and then seconds later the aroma bringing me awake as Gregory himself brought in a serving cart with freshly baked rolls, muffins and pastries on it along with the coffee. She took pleasure in admiring his strong firm features and muscled, near perfectly sculptured body, almost sighing with regret as he smiled upon leaving, though again assuring us that all we ever needed to do was ring room service, and he'd come back and attend to whatever needs either one of us might have.

I found his remark interesting, as did Darlene as she giggled secretly over it, refusing to answer what thoughts she'd been musing over long after he'd left.

"So...what's on the agenda for today?" I asked curiously finally slipping out of bed and into a nice fluffy bathrobe, preparing to sit outside and enjoy the crisp sea air along with my pastries and coffee.

"Well, there's a nude jog here in just a few minutes that I actually signed up for," Darlene said surprising me. And for a split second, I almost thought to join her myself. The thought of watching several nude women running around and around the deck bringing some interesting thoughts my way, until the realization hit me if I were to do so, that I might very well experience a particular problem while doing that. "And then later...there's a particular class I wouldn't mind attending," she told me pointing it out.

"Women only...toy party," I said aloud reading it. "If you don't have one of your own you'd like to bring with you, then select one of several being demonstrated and shown!" It gave the time and location where this happening would be taking place on board the ship.

"You don't mind it if I go do you?" she asked curiously. Once again I could only grin.

"Not at all, have fun and enjoy yourself," I assured her glancing down at the mornings listed events. "Hey...here's an interesting one!" I suddenly exclaimed, quite surprised by what I now read in fact as I sat there thinking about it.

"What?"

"Well...it says here, there's a complimentary morning hand-job that is offered and being given out on the pool deck at 9:00 a.m.," I said rereading it, not wanting to have mistaken what I'd actually just read.

"Seriously?"

"That's what it says," I continued. "Cum...join us," I laughed, explaining that they'd actually written the word come, spelling it as c.u.m. instead for obvious reasons. "Enjoy a nice relaxing hand job out on the pool deck, given by one of our professional staff, men and women available to do so, based on whatever desires or wishes you might have. Holy shit!" I then added realizing what I'd just read. I heard Darlene giggle. "What?"

"Oh...was just wondering if Gregory might be there and available for that." I just looked at my wife, shaking my head. 

"I don't think so, I think that's during his normal work shift, but even if he was...I think I'd much prefer the feel of a woman's hand yanking on my dick."

"So...you thinking about going?" Darlene asked curiously. I hadn't been actually, until now.

"Maybe, but only if you're ok with it," I asked curiously, wondering if she would be. She did seem to think about it for a moment, and then smiled.

"Why am I bothering?" she suddenly announced. "Especially after last night, we're here to explore things, ourselves, and have an adventure. So why the hell not? I mean after all, for all I know, there could be men there at the toy party who will help to show us how some of the toys work!"

I didn't bother reminding her that the brochure had said "women only" toy party, though I guess it was possible that a male member of the staff could be there.

"So you wouldn't mind if I went?"

She came over and kissed me, fondling my rapidly growing prick simultaneously. "No...not at all honey, go enjoy yourself, have a nice relaxing handjob out by the pool, and try to imagine and wonder what I'll be doing at almost the same time myself," she said grinning at me. "And now knowing that, and thinking about it while I run, I'm sure I'll be all nice and randy and ready for whatever when I go to the class!"

I watched my very beautiful, very naked wife simply pick up a large towel, dressed in only a pair of jogging shoes, and soon after leave our suite for her morning run. I glanced at my watch, it was barely seven a.m., but already I was beginning to sport an even firmer erection, just thinking about getting a nice long relaxing handjob out by the pool two hours from now.

**

Around eight, and only wearing one of the ships robes we'd been given, I wandered out onto the deck and headed towards the breakfast buffet on the rear of the ship. As I did so, I noticed that several people had already situated themselves in deck chairs, most in various states of undress or entirely nude. It seemed that more and more were becoming comfortable in doing so, especially after the party the night before, though I had as yet to stumble across anyone actually having sex somewhere on the ship. With the morning "handjob" being offered, I figured that might again change things to some degree, and was curious as to how many besides myself might actually show up in order to take advantage of the offer. As I neared the buffet table a few minutes later, I wasn't all that surprised to see Jocelyn standing in line with nothing on but a robe similar to mine. It was open however, revealing the fact she had nothing on underneath it, her large pendulous breasts clearly revealed with the crispness of the morning air already hardening those amazing nipples of hers. I couldn't help but stand there staring at them as I stood in line. They must have poked out a good inch or two away from her breasts, thick, fat and elongated far more than any others I had seen. She stood chatting amiably with one of the other male passengers, an older man who I remembered asking the question if it was permissible to simply fuck anywhere on the ship. I smiled, wondering if he in fact had already done that.

Seconds later Jocelyn spotted me standing behind her. Her eyes lit up in recognition, she and the older gentleman with her who I soon was introduced to as Brian, invited me to sit with them at their table. As we sat, the small group of runners, including my own wife came by on what I knew had to be one of several laps they had already run. We waved at one another as they went by, interesting to see her jogging amongst several others without any clothes on, especially as a bevy of nicely bouncing breasts, and a few dancing waggling cocks ran by us giving us all something to talk about after they had.

"By the way, you planning on getting a hand job this morning out by the pool area?" Brian asked grinning. "Sounds like a damn nice way to start the day off," he added.

"Yes, I thought I might go and have a look," I freely admitted.

"Do they offer morning finger-fucks?" Jocelyn asked somewhat seriously.

"Don't know about that," I responded. "But I do know that Darlene's signed up for a toy party class...women only, around the same time."

"Hmm, I must have missed that one," she said grinning. "I'll have to look into that one! But I am signed up for the mini orgy later on this evening, have you?"

That one was a new one on me, I hadn't seen anything like that, and said so.

"Oh well then, it might already be too late, it's a very popular group activity, though they reserve it for the first six couples. There are plenty of others too though, some with specific themes such as bondage, cross dressing, gay & lesbian orgy's only...that sort of thing."

I was certainly curious to find out more about the other group type of activities and made a note to look into that, but there was still plenty of time for that anyway, and Darlene and I hadn't as yet really discussed just how far either one of us was willing to go at this point. Being watched, or watching other couples was certainly arousing and stimulating enough, but taking it yet another step which is something we hadn't really done as yet, not counting her wild little excursion with Beverly and Mattie, was something else entirely.
