 This is a multi-part story told from different people's point of views. The anchor character is Angelique with the bulk of chapters told by her. I hope you enjoy this labor of love that's taken me almost two years to complete. 

***** 

Chapter One 

Angelique – October 2005 

I leaned my head back and released a deep growling moan letting my orgasm, like a tidal wave, carry me away. The woman between my legs had me basking in every sensation she was affording me. Men were glorious creatures and I loved the feeling of their long thick cocks stroking sensually in and out of me, but nothing ever satisfied me like having a woman's divine mouth on me. 

The woman who was currently licking me into a heaven I'd never known before was Evelyn. We'd met just hours earlier at Dr. Westminster's office where I was working as an intern. 

Ahhh, I know what you are thinking but before you jump to conclusions and stick me with labels that don't apply...let me state for the record, having sex with Evelyn so soon after meeting her was something I'd never done with anyone before. The truth is, I knew the moment I laid eyes on her she was the woman I'd been waiting for, for so very long. The attraction between us, from the moment she lit into the office, was instantaneous and overwhelmed both of us... 

Dr. Stephen Westminster, MD, PhD, LCSW, Psychiatrist. 

Dr. Westminster seldom came to the office anymore and rarely saw patients. Instead, he directed his energies to teaching Psychology at UCSF, advising and mentoring graduate students and consulting with the Marin County District Attorney's Office. My job, the three days a week I was there, was to answer phone and email inquiries, transcribe his notes on the two remaining patients he still counseled, coordinate his schedule, and sometimes even interview witnesses for the prosecution, when he was involved in a court case. More importantly to all of those things, from the beginning of my internship I was tasked with cataloging and converting his closed patient files to digital media before having the paper files destroyed. 

It was very boring and mundane work but something I was mandated to accomplish before I could put my school days behind me. I was a breath away from completing my PhD in Clinical Psychology. All my courses were completed, my labs performed and my thesis submitted. All that was left was to serve my last twelve days in Dr. Westminster's office and I would be done. My years of being a devoted student were coming to a close and I was more than ready to move to the next phase of my life. 

I started my internship with Stephen on the heels of his decision to close his practice. I imagine that at one-time interns played an intricate role in the practice. I can't say that about my practicum. I spent the first six months relegated to transitioning his client base to new doctors. Don't get me wrong, interacting with the patients was fascinating work. Most were terrified of change and what might be lurking around the corner. It became my job to reassure them their new doctor was going to be there just as much as Dr. Westminster was and that everything was going to be okay. With the end in sight, there wasn't too much clinical work left for me but especially for Stephen who only came to the office once a week for a few hours. 

Stephen's newly discovered apathy regarding treating patients mirrored my lack of ambition to be a clinical psychologist. I just never came right out and said it, but I knew that Stephen knew. I suspected he knew from the very beginning of my journey I was simply going through the motions to finish something I started. 

My personal journey of revelation started the previous year during a semester working at a state mental hospital. The field of psychological counseling was a dying profession and was being replaced by little white, yellow, pink and blue pills all of varying sizes, strengths and effectiveness. 

I discovered there was only the smallest percent of people who genuinely sought help. The clear majority who sat across from doctors were there for various reasons other than the right ones such as; their loved ones forced them to be there; the courts mandated it; or believe it or not, a high percent were there for just what the doctors gave them - the drugs. Why face the world sober when you can do it with a valid prescription from a reputable doctor? The rare patient, in Stephens case his two remaining patients, were there to get help for themselves. They were the one in a thousand Stephen wanted to help. 

Stephen started out his career wanting to help everyone. It was only recently, when a patient attempted to sue him for refusing to refill a prescription of drugs he didn't feel the patient required, that he came to that proverbial crossroad in this life. Things in his life were floundering. I knew Stephen very well, not only were we professor/student and doctor/intern but we were friends...and yes, lovers too. He had the biggest heart of anyone I knew and I knew his arrival at his decision to close his practice didn't come easily. 

The Stephen everyone saw, the outside persona, was a happily single man but on the inside, I knew he was a very lonely man and it wasn't the type of loneliness I, as his lover, could fill. We weren't a couple in the normal sense. He was my male lover, as I was his female lover. We didn't have an emotional, romantic attachment with each other. We were strictly friends with the added benefit of being fantastic lovers. The deepest emotional feeling between the two of us was unwavering respect. 

I was taught early in my study of psychology the first person you need to analyze is yourself. In fact, the morning our professor told us this we entered the classroom and found mirrors sitting on each of desks. We spent the better part of the class staring into the mirrors asking ourselves the basic questions each psychologist asks their patents. I did a lot introspective soul searching during that semester and came to a startling conclusion. I wasn't a complicated person. I was one of those 'what you see is what you get' types. 

As time went on, and my classes became more clinical I devoted every evening before I went to sleep in the mirror delving deeper into my psyche. It came as no shock to me I had strong narcissistic tendencies. When I shared my discovery with Stephen he laughed and told me that he and my roommate Thomas had been pointing that out to me on a constant basis, both lovingly and critically, I just never took them seriously. The funny part was once I stopped denying I was narcissistic and accepted I was vain and yes, sometimes, egotistical, I was instantly happier and more grounded. 

I had intelligence, that was a given, and it wasn't all just book smarts. I had a high IQ that put me into the top two percentile. I was also beautiful. Not only did people tell me but all I had to do was look my reflection. I had a killer body, breasts both men and women swooned over and wanted to suck on and play with for hours. My long, sexy legs went on for miles and led to the sweet, juiciest pussy everyone loved to love. I was quite adept at using my intelligence, a quantified sign I was indeed intelligent, my good looks and sexual nature to get what I wanted, but then, who wouldn't? I doubt there wasn't one person on this earth who hadn't used their G0d-given attributes, whatever they might be, to either get what they wanted or get them further in life. If they didn't then they were fools and most likely needed psychiatric counseling! 

That's not to say I didn't have my issues, I wasn't perfect after all, because boy-oh-boy there were days I felt like I dragged them around with me like a two-ton sack of rocks. 

Stephen zeroed in on my biggest obstacle in my life on day one of us knowing each other and in his own way quietly made me his prized pet-project. It didn't take a rocket scientist, or even an inexperienced psychoanalyst, to know I wasn't at a place in my life that I was capable of a committed emotional relationship. I suffered from typical parental abandonment; one from an early death and the other via lack of love or attention, and feared opening myself to anyone that they might leave me as well. 

My parents divorced when I was young enough to know my father wasn't there anymore, but too young to understand why. I kept my emotions bottled up over the pain my mother and I went through when he left and the longing to have my father love me, buried deeply away from everyone. 

In an attempt to garner attention from my father I thought if I could meet him on an intellectual level he would accept me, so I accelerated my education. I graduated high school at fourteen and started UCSF. By the time I was getting ready to turn eighteen, when most kids were putting their high school years behind them, I was debating my graduate school options. Naivety became my enemy, because even with intelligence my father's back was always towards me. 

As odd as it was, even with my good looks I wasn't the stereotypical teenage social butterfly. In fact, I was pretty much the opposite. I lived at home and preferred my mother's company over people my age. My mother was my biggest champion, best friend and role model all rolled into one loving, accepting person. 

I never considered what life would ever be like without my mother in it but that bubble burst soon enough. I was in my last year at UCSF, still innocent to the ways of the world, when she got sick. People said, 'at least she went quickly', well that wasn't good enough for me. I always wanted one more day with her. I turned to my father, but mother's death did nothing to change our relationship, in fact, if anything the sadness he felt over her passing drove him further away from me. I felt alone and abandoned. 

I closed off my emotions and replaced the lost maternal love and paternal rejection with what some might perceive as an obsession. I preferred to call it a sinfully good 'indulgence'. Gone was that wonderful loss of innocence, in its place was my newly discovered predilection for sex. Food, alcohol, drugs held no interest, all I needed was a hard cock or a dripping wet pussy and I was happy! 

When my mother was given her final diagnosis or death sentence as I came to call it, my absentee father hired David and Nancy Atwater, a concierge physician and his wife/assistant to live at our house and help both my mother and me through her final transition. Two months later, after she passed away David invited me to their Palm Springs home for a few days. He knew how difficult her death was on me and felt some time away from San Francisco would do me good. 

The first morning in Palm Springs Nancy, and I were lying out by the pool while David was off playing golf. Their house, which got the morning sun, was very secluded and Nancy wasn't at all shy to nude sunbath, so I figured I wouldn't be either. I found myself admiring her body, comparing it to my own. Nancy, who had recently celebrated her fortieth birthday was a stunning woman who kept her body in perfect shape. I had just turned eighteen and even though I had a woman's body I hadn't yet developed the sensuality of a woman who had total command over her sexuality. 

My morning with Nancy soon became a 'one-thing-led-to-another' affair. She made the first move when she volunteered to apply sun screen on my back. When she was done with my back she didn't hesitate to turn me around to do my front and within minutes her tongue was in my mouth searching out mine. I liked the intoxicating feeling of her mouth on mine, her hands on my body and the soft moans she let out when she reached between my legs and discovered my feminine wetness. I fully admit my pussy was spasming the moment her thumb rubbed over my engorged clit, only driving me to want more. 

In the next few hours I discovered what sex was all about. The moment Nancy sucked my erect nipple in her mouth and lightly bit down on it, my ass came off the chaise and I was climaxing, flooding Nancy's hand with my bountiful juices. The pent-up emotions of the past months, perhaps even a lifetime of waiting for that moment to finally arrive, had me howling my delights with orgasm after orgasm under Nancy's expert tutelage. 

I remember the first time feeling of her mouth licking me between my legs, sucking my pussy lips and clit into her mouth. She let out a deep groveling groan which cascaded to me and soon I was begging her not to stop. She was a woman who appreciated women and I couldn't have asked for a better first-time lover. She used her mouth, tongue and hands on every part of me treating me to orgasm after orgasm until I fell limp on the chaise lounge. 

Nancy only let me rest for so long before we went into the house, showered and laid down in my room. It was my turn to please her. The most outstanding remembrance of that afternoon was not only how much I enjoyed pleasing a woman but how easily it came to me. Without any guidance whatsoever, other than her sexy feminine moans, I licked my tongue over her pussy and clit. Nancy didn't get nearly as wet as I did, which she told me some women didn't, and her sweet spot was a tiny button compared to my throbbing swollen grape sized clit but the little wetness that dampened her pussy lips was sweet and I savored every drop of her femininity. I especially liked feeling her pussy spasm against my fingers while I licked and sucked her to her screaming orgasm. Nancy's one orgasm might have taken awhile to arrive but it left her purring and curling her body around mine. She kissed me passionately and together we fell into a deep afternoon nap. 

Later that evening Nancy asked me if David could watch us together. I didn't hesitate for a second, as far as I was concerned it meant more of the delicious sex we had earlier in the day. Nancy jump-started something inside of me. Not only was I totally distracted from the overwhelming grief I was going through, but the sex was so delicious, how could I not want more? 

We retreated to their bedroom. David was lying on the bed naked, his back against the padded headboard and his long legs slightly spread. Like his wife, David was physically fit and a strikingly handsome man. I'd never seen a man naked before and my first glimpses were quite satisfying. His cock was hard, standing up straight and every now and then he'd stroke it or cup his balls, letting me see the heavy fullness. 

"Please, come help me." She said turning to me. 

I joined Nancy on the bed. She kissed the palm of my hand softly and placed it on his meaty shaft. It was silky smooth, cushiony soft and hard all rolled into one. A droplet of precum seeped from his slit. Nancy ran her finger over it and brought it to my mouth. The juicy goodness wasn't as sweet as her juices but it was a taste I knew I could learn to appreciate. 

"Just do what I do." She said. She started licking him, so I did too. Our tongues happily danced over his cock, and each other's while David lay there encouraging us with his moans of pleasure. Nancy showed me how to suck his cock and lick his balls, which we alternated doing and he appeared to enjoy immensely. What seemed to be all too soon David's body tensed, he pushed both our heads down on him and a moment later he erupted, flooding our mouths with his warm, thick juices. Nancy and I happily licked him clean and I watched his once erect cock deflate and shrink to a tidy, compact size. 

"Why don't you ladies entertain me while I rest up for a few minutes." He said. 

"Don't worry," Nancy volunteered a moment later, "he will be hard again very soon. We'll be able to enjoy him many times tonight." 

Nancy had me stand by the side of the bed and let David see me up close. He didn't hesitate to run his oversized masculine hands over my chest, pulling on my elongated, long nipples. 

"These are nice. I like women with thick ultra-sensitive nipples, more to chew on." He said, rolling my right nipple between his fingers. It was like he was pushing a button and a moment later I felt wetness staining against my thighs. "Spread your legs, just a little." 

I took a step sideways. David let go of my nipple and dropped his hand between my legs. A smile touched his lips when he pulled his hand away to see it wet with my juices. 

"Oh baby...you are a luscious morsel. Not only do I like your wetness, but I like this as well..." He rubbed his thumb over my swollen clit. I couldn't help myself, a small moan involuntarily escaped and I pressed my womanhood harder against his hand. "I want to see you with Nancy...she loves wet pussies like yours." 

On the bed, Nancy told me to lie on my back and spread my legs so David could see the full extent of my wetness. I didn't hesitate to show him, I discovered I liked people looking at me. Silently David nodded his head and Nancy laid on top of me and pushed her pussy against mine. Her mouth found mine and for a few minutes I was lost in her intoxicating kisses. I liked the feeling of her pussy rubbing against mine, especially when she put her leg over mine and scissored me, pressing herself hard against me. It only took a few minutes of the sensual pressure against my clit for me to come so hard the room seemed to spin around me. 

"Geez, Nancy was right, you are the hottest woman she's ever been with before." David wailed, drawing our attention to his revived appendage. I'd really like to feel my cock in that tight pussy of yours...but only if you want...I know you're a virgin..." He seemed to stumble over his words. I appreciated that he was gentlemanly enough to ask, I was just momentarily at a loss how to answer him. 

I moved away from Nancy, sat between his legs and took his cock in my hands. I never considered what it would be like when I lost my virginity. I knew one day it would happen and in a stunning moment of clarity, I realized it meant nothing to me. I wasn't the type of person that coveted something like a thin piece of skin that stood in the way of becoming a woman. I actually looked forward to the day I could put the stigma of 'loosing' my virginity behind me. As far as I was concerned, we were in the moment and with David panting his desires it was perfect timing. 

My only reluctance were those typical thoughts of having sex with someone you didn't know – were they disease free and did they have proper protection? 

I looked at David. Nancy had already told me they were tested regularly and they restricted their outside liaisons to a select group of people that were in similar circumstances. As for me, I'd never had sex before but because I was studying psychology and was working with patients both in and out of hospitals I voluntarily chose to be tested on a quarterly basis to protect myself and those around me. 

"I wouldn't mind," I said shyly, "but we will need to use some type of birth control." 

"That isn't a problem with me. Nancy and I decided a long time ago we didn't want children so I had a vasectomy." He opened his arms to me and hugged me to him. "You are so very beautiful...and I love that you are practical as well." He whispered and kissed me. "What I'd like for you to do is straddle me and slowly lower yourself on me." 

I found out later that David had a 'premature' issue in the missionary position and had come to prefer the woman being on top. He was able to hold off his orgasm for quite a while in that position, which ultimately became the way I preferred to take the men I fucked. 

"It might be a little painful, this first time. There might even be some blood. You are in total control, so you can go at whatever pace you'd like." 

Everything David said was the truth, but I have to admit, I loved every second of it! I didn't hesitate to straddle him and slowly slide down on his cock. 
