 It had been a very long time since my wife Darlene and I had taken any sort of vacation together. Though we weren't exactly workaholics, there never seemed to be enough time to allow ourselves the simple pleasure of just getting away. Another side effect of that had also taken its toll on us, our sex life had become virtually non-existent.

We had finally realized that if we didn't do something about all that soon, we were headed for trouble. Darlene and I up until now had always had an uninhibited exciting relationship. Early on in our marriage we'd been wild and care free, even making love in semi-public places just for the thrill of it, something that, never failed to excite the two of us almost beyond reason. When Darlene and I first sat down and decided we seriously needed a really nice vacation, we began looking at various options and places we might go. It was during this time that Darlene came home from work one evening very excited about something. I soon learned that one of her co-workers had mentioned something to her about a particular cruise she and her husband had gone on, and how it had basically saved their marriage. In moments we were on-line looking up the website, and then sat perusing through the content of the cruise that was being offered. It didn't take long to discover this wasn't just some ordinary cruise, though Darlene's friend had already hinted as much.

"Brad?" Darlene said simply looking at me. She didn't need to say anything more as we began reading through the schedule, dates of departure and return. But it was the bold print that immediately caught our eyes, reading "Adults only pleasure cruise, where your wildest fantasies on the high seas can come true!"

"A swinger's cruise?" I asked curiously. Darlene and I weren't exactly prudes. We'd had and shared various fantasies with one another, we had even hot-tubbed with friends in the nude, had gone so far as to eventually fuck in front of one another in fact, though that had been as far as it had gone. Those few experiences had left us excited, wanting for more, though the opportunity, and Darlene's somewhat professional celebrity status had always kept us cautious about doing more than what we already had. As an anchor on a local TV news station, Darlene was too well known for us to really do anything without word getting out. Aside from our very close and dear friends, what we'd done already was dangerous, though exciting enough. But the thought of taking a pleasure cruise, which we felt we could safely and easily do, was something else all together.

At thirty-five, my wife was very much an attractive sexy looking woman. Shoulder length almost coal black hair, olive complexion, piercing blue eyes, her face alone garnered attention, especially while on camera. I had always gotten a bit of a secret delight watching her on the evening news, knowing that I was the one who was married to her, the one who enjoyed fucking her, though there obviously many others who wished they were too, women as well as men.

Like any celebrity, though Darlene never really did consider herself one in that light, she received a fair amount of fan mail at the TV station she worked for. And though ninety percent of the letters and emails she received were typical friendly "fan" mail, every once in a while she'd get something a bit more provocative or suggestive, of just how some of her male admirers often thought about her. 

We discussed actually going at length, and then went ahead and booked ourselves passage for the following month for a ten day "Pleasure Cruise" that promised all sorts of promising delights. By the time the day finally arrived for us to depart I was on pins and needles. Actually, we both were. Somewhat apprehensive as to what we might expect, obviously nervous, we were somewhat relieved to learn that there would be an indoctrination, get acquainted meeting an hour after the ship had pulled away from port.

Since it had been a while since we'd gone on any sort of real vacation together, we had spared no expense, booking one of the first class suites, one of six on each side of the upper deck, all sharing a single accessible deck from which we could go outside of our cabin to sit on, with deck service being offered twenty-four seven should we choose to take advantage of that.

We had soon after joined the throng of fellow passengers in one of two fairly large lounges as we began receiving information with regards to all the various activities over the next ten days. We were all given handouts as to protocol, and etiquette along with assurances that privacy and anonymity was paramount for those who had any concerns. Activities were scheduled, some having actual signup sheets so there could be no misunderstandings as to what might be expected for some of these, with very clear and detailed explanations as to what could be expected if someone decided to participate. Though we hadn't really discussed some of those aspects in any great detail with one another, it had caused us a few raised eyebrows, which I knew we'd no doubt talk about later in the privacy of our own cabin.

One of the things that was made immediately clear to all of us, was that nudity aboard ship, except for in the dining areas inside was not only allowed, but encouraged. So we were all given to understand and not be surprised upon seeing it. But in addition to that, we were also told and informed, that public, sexual activities were also permissible, and anyone having a problem with seeing that, or running into it, had booked the wrong cruise. This generated a little nervous laughter by most of the group in attendance, though no one raised any objections upon hearing that. Even when the question and answers phase of the indoctrination was given, I was surprised when an older gentleman actually asked then if it was permissible for he and his wife to fuck out on the deck in full view of everyone if they actually wanted to. He, along with everyone else was again told this was indeed permissible, and to be expected, especially by other returning guests who'd taken this cruise before.

There were really very few or strict rules that had to be followed. No meaning No for one, which was a given. Open windows into suites were an invitation to watch, so if privacy was wanted, then curtains were to be drawn and closed. Everyone was expected and required to ask courteously before joining in on some sexual activity that might be taking place out on deck, separate and apart from any of the more formal scheduled parties and events. Obviously, anyone signing up for those was basically giving permission before hand, though again, even then, No still meant No if someone wasn't interested or attracted by another individual.

With no other questions or concerns to be addressed, the meeting ended and everyone headed off back to their rooms, or to simply wander around about the ship taking in the sights until the first real party at sea which was scheduled for later on that evening. In the brochure we'd been given long before we'd actually gotten on board, we knew it was a greet and meet, sexy negligee party. Everyone was thus invited to attend, wearing whatever bedtime attire they felt comfortable in wearing, though there would be prizes given out and awarded for the sexiest, most provocative attire. I knew that Darlene had gone out and purchased something special just for that particular first nights event, though she hadn't of course shown me what it was as yet. For myself, a bit unsure of what to expect, I had opted for a very brief men's bikini in black and a matching silk short kimono as my outfit.

We had enjoyed an early dinner of steak and lobster, and then went for a stroll around the deck enjoying the ocean as we cruised on a sea of glass. Several passengers had in fact taken advantage of lying about in the nude on deck, though we hadn't as yet stumbled into anyone engaged in any form of sexual activity. It reminded me of a high school dance, everyone went wanting to, but no one wanted to be the first one out on the floor either. I figured the negligee party later on that evening would no doubt open the doors to that at some point.

We'd soon after gone back to our suite, made love (though drawing the curtain closed when we did) and then got up to dress afterwards, a smile on each of our faces as we'd thoroughly enjoyed one another in ways we hadn't done for a very long time. I sat waiting patiently out on our semi-private little deck, ordering a cocktail as I waited, Darlene inside the cabin making herself ready. I was pleasantly surprised when a young attractive looking steward appeared carrying the margarita I'd ordered, surprised as she too was dressed quite sexily herself in a pair of very tight fitting shorts, and a halter top that threatened to spill out her rather nice sized breasts.

One of the other things we'd been told in the indoctrination was that the ship's crew was at liberty to join and entertain the guests if approached, provided those said activities didn't interfere with their assignments or workloads. Still horny, even after the incredible sex Darlene and I had just enjoyed with one another, as the young woman leaned over placing a small napkin down on the table next to me, along with my drink, I got a rather nice long view of her deep plunging cleavage.

Deciding to test the waters to some degree, I actually commented on it, curious as to what her response and demeanor might be afterwards.

"You have what appear to be, very lovely looking breasts," I said also thanking her for the drink. She smiled, thanking me, and then surprised me, although I guess I shouldn't have been when she answered.

"Thank you, would you like to see them?" she asked.

I didn't have any reservations about doing so, nor in having asked her either. Darlene and I had long ago discussed the various possibilities of what to expect while on board. The only thing we'd come to mutual agreement on, was not to become involved sexually with anyone, unless we were both there, and having given our approval, though a simple knowing smile would be all that was needed when we did. Just asking to see her boobs, or rather being invited to see them didn't constitute Darlene's needing to be there.

"I would!" I said smiling, as she smiled back undoing the two small buttons holding her halter together. Not surprisingly, she had no need of a bra as the halter served both purposes. 

"I'm Mattie, by the way," she added. "Gregory, is the day steward on this side of the ship," she then informed me, continuing to stand there with her gorgeous breasts staring me in the face. Not only where they near perfectly symmetrical, but she had the largest, darkest colored areolas and nipples I had ever seen before. "And anytime you need either one of us...for anything other than drinks or snacks, don't be afraid to ask," she stated letting me know in an instant just exactly what she had meant by that. With that, she again smiled re-buttoning her halter, and soon left. Only then did I realize as I looked down that I was sporting an erection. I took a sip of my margarita, and then heard Darlene calling out to me from inside our cabin.

"Well? What do you think?" she asked.

I walked back inside, my wife standing next to the bed in the most alluring sensual outfit I'd ever seen her wear before.

"Hmm, glad to see you approve!" She said grinning at me, though I noticed her eyes were directly looking between my legs. There was no point trying to hide my erection, especially under the circumstances, but then Darlene frowned looking back up at me. "Hey! Wait! You got that before you saw me!" she suddenly stated. "Who else where you looking at?"

"Let me start off by saying, you are the most beautiful looking woman I have ever seen!" Which quite honestly was the truth. Darlene stood in a sheer floor-length; black laced evening gown that hinted at her nudity hiding beneath it without necessarily giving everything away. And though it was cut very low in front, dainty criss-crossing ties of lace held the front in place, though her breasts pressed against the sheer material, almost wickedly. At least she smiled once again when I said that, though I then told her about the incident which had occurred only a few moments ago. What I didn't do was elaborate on how much I'd enjoyed seeing the exotic young woman's tits.

"So...what's Gregory like?" she then teased.

"I don't know, he wasn't there, but I'm sure at some point we'll meet him. Oh, and when we do, don't be afraid to ask to see him naked, apparently, that's ok too," I informed my wife. 

"I just might," she said posing herself seductively, causing my cock to twitch, which had grown even harder now just standing there looking at her. "Um, you might want to see if you can make that go down a little," she giggled. "Though I'm sure we'll see a few more standing up like yours is before the evenings over, it might be in poor taste to arrive already having one!"

It took a few minutes, but eventually it did. Arm in arm we then left our cabin heading down the hallway towards the grand stairs and the formal ballroom two decks below us. It was interesting to see so many people just then leaving their own rooms, many dressed very similar to the way my wife and I were, though a few others had worn even more revealing outfits than even she was. Seeing all that nudity decorated in its finest, naughtiest form, was already threatening to again stiffen my prick as we made our way inside. Small two or four person tables ran around the perimeter of the dance floor. A small band sat playing, though no one was out dancing as yet, everyone content to find a seat, sit down, order drinks and ogle the other guests as they came in.

I laughed looking over at the couple sitting a couple of tables away. The young looking husband sat with his somewhat nervous looking wife, but it was clearly evident he was having a great deal of trouble trying to hide his obviously very stiff erection. He was wearing a robe very similar to mine, though it was obvious he had nothing on beneath it, every move no matter how small, threatened to reveal his hard prick, as he sat constantly readjusting trying in vain to keep it covered. His wife, a cute little blonde was wearing a likewise sheer, baby-doll type of a night that had a great deal of fluff about the collar and cuffs as well as the hem, but was otherwise very sheer. Her dark pink nipples were clearly in evidence as she sat there nervously surveying the room. Just then she looked up, saw Darlene smiling at her, and then surprised me as Darlene waved the two of them over to sit with us at our table. Almost immediately she grinned back, nodded her head and quickly spoke to her husband. Once again, I had to hold myself in check as they made their way over to us, her husband immediately placing both hands strategically in front of himself as they came over.

"You looked a little nervous," Darlene said easing her nervousness immediately with that award winning smile of hers. "Thought you might enjoy having a little company, believe it or not...we're a little nervous too," Darlene finished saying. We then introduced ourselves, and learned that their names were Jack and Beverly, and that this was indeed not only their first cruise, but the first time they had ever done anything like this. They came from a very small, very conservative town somewhere in the Midwest, and for them, this had thus become a very daring, very bold adventure for them.

Jack was still blushing as he sat there, his eyes trying very hard to not sit and stare directly at my own wife's tantalizing breasts, though just a bit more concealed behind the lace patterns of her gown that his own wife's were.

"Don't worry about looking," I assured him. "I think...that's the whole point of our coming here dressed like we are...so that we can look, and enjoy doing it."

"That's the problem," he finally laughed at himself. "I am enjoying it...and it's become very difficult trying to hide the fact that I am!"

"Me too, " I assured him, and then sat back just enough so that he could see that I too was now as stiff and hard as I'd been back in the room, the head of my own dick peeking above the waistband of my very brief bikini's, making me wish in all sincerity, that I hadn't worn them as at least I'd be as comfortable as Jack was, even though he was embarrassed in being so openly revealed.

"Like Brad said," Darlene began, "I don't think you two will be the only ones sporting erections here tonight," she went on, especially with all these hard nipples springing up everywhere too," she announced pointing over towards another middle aged, but very attractive looking woman whose breasts were entirely bare, poking through a peek-a-boo type of a evening gown that had no intention of being worn or in covering her breasts. She had incredibly large thick nipples, so it was easy to see why she had chosen her particular night wear, she loved showing herself off, and with good reason.

Within a short period of time, the room had finally filled to capacity, laughter, conversation and the sound of drinks being served filled the entire room. Finally, the host of the evening arrived, wearing a pair of bright red silk pajamas. After gathering everyone's attention he then made an announcement.

"Thank you everyone for coming...and I hope that by the end of the evening, that can also be taken another way!" He paused momentarily for the laughter along with a few whistles and catcalls at his comment to settle down. "And now, as a way of getting acquainted, meeting others like yourselves who've joined us on what we hope to be a very exciting, and very erotic cruise..." he again paused looking about the room with a mischievous smile on his face, "we'd like to open up the evenings entertainment with what we call "Ladies choice". Now then, Ladies? No fair choosing your own partner to dance with, after all, you can do that at home," he again paused amidst laughter. "So...now's your opportunity to step out, select some strange handsome, half naked stranger...and ask him to dance with you!"

With that, the band began playing a slow sensual tune as the woman, slowly at first, and then suddenly much more quickly began to stand and head off seeking available half naked, or sexily attired dance partners.

Darlene and Beverly had it easy, asking Jack and I to dance, though we both stood with hard firm erections as we did so. Darlene made short work of that as well, reaching down, grasping Jack's prick in her hand, and leading him by it out onto the dance floor. By the time Beverly and I arrived, I noticed we weren't the only ones who had one either.

"No doubt about it, this promises to be a very, very interesting cruise!"

Even before we'd gone downstairs to attend the party, we'd been given to know that several judges would be circulating throughout the evening. There would be several prizes and gifts being awarded for the most alluring or sensual evening gowns, along with the most slutty or decadent, as well as for the most demure, or less revealing. Looking about at many of the others, I didn't see anyone who I personally thought looked more sensually seductive than Darlene did, a fact that Beverly herself had commented on shortly after they had joined us.

Now dancing closely together, it was hard not to enjoy the feel of Beverly's perky firm breasts pressing against my chest. And though her husband Jack tried very hard not to stab his rock hard dick into my wife's tummy as they danced, it was almost comical in a way watching him as he tried not to. Especially when Darlene made it even more difficult, drawing him closer to her as they moved about the floor. The number the band had been playing soon ended however, and everyone stood clapping, I noticed as we all did, that Jack and I weren't the only ones now standing up in full approval.
