 Well I had gone out that Friday night looking for some fun and a good time over the weekend, and boy had I got it, along with a lot of men who had not believed their luck in all having a bloody good fuck with some good time slut, namely me. Now for the story of that weekend.

To start off, my name is Kathy, medium height, darkish hair, and for a forty two year married old women, a pretty good body, and attractive, so I’ve been told.

It was about 19:00hrs on the Friday night, Chas, my husband was away, and I was getting myself ready for clubbing, and what I hoped was to be a fun weekend of sex, and plenty of it. I had showered and freshly shaved my pussy nice and smooth and as now getting dressed. I had laid out on the bed a short, tight black skirt, silver halter neck top, a small black thong, no bra as the top was pretty well backless, and my high heels. 

I had decided not to wear stockings as the skirt was short and anyway my body was quite tanned from the sun bed and my previous holiday abroad. I had also painted my toe and finger nails red which looked good against my tanned flesh. I ran my hands over my naked flesh, squeezed my breasts gently, playing with my nipples as I did so. Down over my stomach towards my smooth pussy. I moaned slightly as I rubbed the moist lips and inserted a finger into my pleasure hole. I hoped I would be getting a lot of this before the weekend was through.

I got dressed and put on my make up. Dark Blue, fading to a light blue eye makeup with black eyeliner to accentuate my eyes, blusher to my cheeks, heightening my cheek bones, and ruby red lip gloss. I admired myself in the full length mirror. I looked good for my age, and reckoned I would put most of the young girls to shame, and give the others a run for their money. I phoned for a taxi and when it arrived told it to take me to one of the night clubs I knew, which was always crowed, good for picking up a guy or two, or even more.

We arrived at the club; I paid the fare and made my way to the entrance. The bouncers knew me, and I had fucked most of them anyway, so they let me in without queuing. As I suspected there was already quite a lot of people already there. I scanned the room. There were plenty of fit looking men around, obviously out on the prowl looking for a good time. I did not think I would be on my own for long. I made my way to the bar, sat at one of the stools making my short skirt show a lot of thigh, and ordered a drink.

As I was about to pay, a group of three guys came over. 

“Well pay for that mate,” one of them said to the bar man. 

I looked around to them. They were all good looking, in their late twenties, and reasonably fit looking. 

“Well thank you very much,” I replied back to them. 

They introduced themselves as Tony, Dave, and Chris, and asked if I was on my own. I told them I was very much on my own, and that my name was Kathy, Kath for short. We all talked for a short while, until Tony asked if I wanted to dance, as they had just put on a smoochie record. 

“Yes, I would love to,” I replied with a smile.

We stepped out onto the dance floor. Tony pulled me towards him and put his arms around me. We began to sway with the music. Tony rested his head on my shoulder and began to kiss me on the neck. Little shivers of pleasure ran through me. His hands drifted down the bare flesh of my back and onto my ass. 

He gave a little squeeze of my ass cheeks. I responded by pushing my body closer to his. I could feel his cock get harder in his trousers. I turned and offered him my lips. He kissed me hard, his tongue probing into my mouth. His hands were now down to the hem of my skirt. I felt him slide one of his hands up my thigh onto my naked ass cheeks, where he began to squeeze the firm round flesh, giving the other people on the dance flor more than a glimpse of my ass.

The record finished, and we made our way to a table that the other two had managed to acquire, and sat down. More drinks had been fetched and as we sat at the table Tony run his hand up my leg again under the table. His hand reached the top and began to rub my pussy through the thin material of my thong, which barely covered anything as it was pulled between my pussy lips. I moaned softly. 

The other two had noticed what Tony was doing and Chris who was sat the other side of me slid his hand up my other leg. I raised my ass off the chair and said quietly to them to take off my thong. Each man took hold of the side and pulled them down. I raised my legs so they could pull them right off, and Tony put them in his pocket. 

Now their hands went up my skirt again. This time there was no barrier to their fingers as I parted my thighs slightly and two sets of fingers found their way into my wet cunt. Slowly they worked their way in and out. I was biting my lip so not to cry out loud as the climax was building up inside me. Dave had moved around closer and was squeezing my breasts through my top. I came hard, my body shaking. Chris was kissing me hard so I would not cry out.

After things had settled down and a couple more drinks, they all took turns dancing with me, making sure they had a good feel of my ass and cunt while they did. The time had gone on a bit and I was dying for a good fucking, so I said to the guys why don’t we go back some where. Dave said he knew of a hotel not to far away. We all agreed to go. We walked to the hotel, as we went the guys were grabbing me for a quick snog or a grope of my ass, and also giving passer bye, s a quick flash of my ass and cunt, which we all thought a laugh, especially to older men and if they had their wives with them.

We arrived at the hotel, a rather run down looking sort of place. We all went in side. The inside was just as shabby as the out side. Peeling paint work, worn furniture. Tony went up to the desk and rang the bell. A short, fat, unshaven man of about 55 years old came out from a back room. 

“Yea,” he said. 

“We want a room for the night,” Tony said. 

“Maybe longer,” I butted in. 

The desk man looked around at me and grinned. 

“Darling, you can stay for as long as you like,” he replied. “Only one room left though, It's a bit rough,” he said to Tony. 

“That’s ok, we’ll take that. 

Tony signed the register and we made or way to the stairs. As we climbed the first flight, Chris pulled the back of my skirt up giving the desk man a good look at my bare ass, and then spun me around to give the desk man a full veiw of my shaven cunt. I heard him laugh behind us. 

"Going to make good use of that cunt, I recon," he shouted to us. 

"You can bet on that mate," Tony replied.

We made our way up to the middle floor and to our room. Once again the room was shabby and well used. Probably hadn’t been decorated since it had been built.

As soon as the door was shut, all three guys were on me. It didn’t take long for the two articles of clothing that I had to be removed leaving me naked except for my heels. Their hands were all over me, exploring me, probing me. Fingers and mouths were pinching and sucking my nipples; others were wanking my cunt or probing my ass hole. I was in heaven. Their playing with me was causing me to cum over and over. Soon they were each getting undressed, one at a time while the other two kept me aroused. When we were all naked, I was taken over to the dirty bed and thrown on to it. 

“Your in for a good fucking now slut,” Tony said. 

“Well give it to me then, It’s what you’ve been wanting to do to me all-night, and what I’ve wanted,” I replied.

Tony bent me legs over his shoulders and rammed his hard cock into my waiting hole. He pounded into me hard his balls slapping my ass. Dave had gone to the top and was now fucking my face like it was another cunt, while Chris winked his cock and played with my tits. As soon as Tony had shot his load deep into me, Chris took his place reaming out my wet cunt. Dave was still fucking my face; I was sucking deep on his cock. Finally, with a grunt, Dave shot his load down my throat, and then pulled out, shooting another load over my lips and face. Chris in the meantime had pulled out of my cunt, bent my legs further back and was now pounding my cunt even harder and deeper. His cock boring out my now soggy cunt, until he came deep inside and over my ass.

“Fucking hell, you’re one horny dirty slut,” Chris said. 

Ummm, yes I know, and I love it,” I said and laughed. 

The guys took it easy for a short time; while I gave them a show of me playing with myself, wanking myself off with my fingers and a beer bottle that they had found in the trash can. They were soon hard again. 

“Hey, let’s have some fun and tie the whore to the bed,” Tony said. 

“Yahoo, yea, let’s do,” came the response. 

They all grabbed me and pulled m arms above my head. I was struggling, but laughing at the same time. They used my Thong and halter neck to tie my hands. Next they pulled my legs wide apart and used a pillow case that they had torn in half to tie them to each corner at the bottom of the bed. I was now helpless and spread-eagled and naked in front of them. They all came over, their hands again mauling my exposed flesh. The bottle was picked up and each of them took turn using it on my cunt, before each taking their turn again fucking my cunt and mouth and wanking over me.

When they had finished, I watched them get dressed. Tony got out his mobile and I saw him dial then speak to somebody on the phone. When he had finished he said, 

“Right, we’re off to get some more beer,” and they made their way to the door. 

“Hey, what about me,” I shouted to them. 

“Oh, you just lie there, we’ll be back soon. 

Before I could reply they had left, and what’s more left the door to the room wide open. Anybody who walked past could look in and see me tied up here, naked, legs splayed wide apart, with fresh cum all over my body. I struggled against the ties, but to no avail, and soon resigned myself to the fact that I was here until they came back.

About ten minutes had gone by when I heard a noise in the hall way. I lifted my head to see the desk man leering at me in the door way. 

“What have we here then, looks like your all tied up ready to go, well it looks like it’s your lucky day, whore,” he said as he walked over. 

“Fuck off, you bastard,” I shouted at him.

“That’s no way to talk to some one who’s about to give you a pleasuring,” he said with a liar on his face. 

He reached down and inserted two fat grubby fingers into my cunt, fucking me with his fingers while rubbing my clit with his thumb. Even with this short, over weight man I was soon moaning, my body responding to his touch. 

“You like that, slut,” he said. 

“Oh god, yes,” I gasped. “Come on then you bastard, fuck me, you want to get in my cunt, do it,” I shouted at him. 

He unzipped his trousers and pulled them and his pants down. He had quite a large cock for a short man. He climbed between my legs and roughly forced his large cock up my cunt. “UHHHH,” I groaned. 

“Oh yes, fuck me hard with that big cock, you fat bastard,” I said to him. 

“I’ll fuck that well used cunt of yours, slag,” he replied. 

“Yea, scream whore,” he said as he twisted my large engorged nipples. I screamed out. 

“That’s it,” he said as he slapped me across the face and twisted my nipples more, as he pounded my cunt. I screamed out again. The more I cried out the more he squeezed and slapped my tits and face, his fat stomach slapping on to me and his weight pushing into the mattress as he fucked me ruthlessly. I could now see that more people had come to see what all the noise was, and several more men were watching this fat balding man fucking me and making comments to each other.

The fat desk man pulled his cock out, and with a loud grunt emptied his cum all over my face and hair. Another load he squirted over my heaving tits. 

“Suck my cock and balls clean now, bitch,” he commanded. 

I eagerly sucked and licked his cock and balls clean of all remaining cum. He climbed off, leaving my wide open cunt with cum dribbling from it on view to the crowd that had now gathered. He gave my open cunt a few good slaps with his hand, 

“Well folks, the whores all yours if you want her, she’s a filthy cunt, and will do what ever you want,” the desk man said to the audience. 

They all barged in. I was powerless to stop them, even if I had wanted to, as a queue was formed and they each took their turn with me. As one fucked my cunt another fucked my mouth or wanked over my face, tits, or in my hair. I was Cumming over again and again. My body was racked with pleasure. It contorted and strained against the ropes as each time I climaxed. My throat was hoarse from screaming out as my tits were pulled, my nipples pinched and twisted and from my many climaxes. 

“Christ, what a fucking whore, she’s loving all these cocks being fed into her,” I heard a man say. 

“Yea, a cock loving slut she is,” another replied.

During my gangbang, I had noticed Tony, Dave, and Chris had come back with several of their mates who had also joined the queue. I had also noticed that Tony had a video camera and was filming the whole show. My wrists and ankles were now sore from where I had pulled against them, my tits were also red and bruised from all the mauling and where men had slapped me across them as well as my face. They were still only about three quarters of the way down the line. 

I had stopped struggling a long time back and now just lay there savouring the pleasures going through me. Feeling all those hard cocks that were still being fed into my used, ravaged body. Tasting the cum that slithered down my throat as another cock emptied its load in my mouth filling my belly more, being used as their cum bucket.

After a while more the queue had diminished. It was now starting to get light. Several of the last in the line had also decided to piss over me after they had cum. Their warm golden liquid had been sprayed all over my body. They had pissed on my tits, in my face and mouth, my hair was soaked and I had been now left lying on a wet, piss and cum soaked mattress. Tony closed the door.

Only Tony, Dave, and Chris were now left. 

“Well, you going to untie me now,” I said to them wearily. 

“No, we’ve got the room for the weekend, remember,” Dave replied laughing. 

“Fucking hell, you going to leave me like this all weekend,” I asked. 

“Looks like that,” Chris said. 

“Looks like I will just have to lay back and enjoy it then, you bastards,” I said. 

They gave me a beer to drink, a lot of it spilling out of my mouth and running down my chin and dripping onto my tits, and then they let me get some sleep. A few hours later, I was awoken by a noise, only to see the door wide open again with some men looking in. I was dying for a piss, but they wouldn't untie me so I had to piss the bed in front of them all while they watched and laughed. My urine running down my thighs and soaking the mattress under me. That wasn't the only time I had to piss myself in front of a crowd that weekend.

“Time to get fucking again, Kathy,” Tony said as the men walked in. 

Soon more cocks were pounding away into my two holes. Tony was still filming, and this time I noticed there were even some women watching, encouraging the men to fuck the slut. Bore the whores cunt out. I lay there savouring the orgasms that were still racking my body. Gasping out for them to fuck me good. Use my naked, slut’s body for their pleasure, as their cum slut.

After about an hour, they untied me, roughly turned me over, a pillow under my hips and then tied me back to the now stinking bed with my ass raised in the air. 

“Now’s it’s about time we gave the slut’s ass a good gang fucking,” Chris said to the large rowdy crowd gathered there. 

I had noticed more men and women arrive, and now realised why Dave had been making so many calls on his mobile. 

I felt the first guy spit onto my ass hole, then climb onto me, followed shortly by his hard cock being forced up my ass. He was another short fat, unshaven man, but this guy must have been in his early sixties. Heaven knows where he came from. I cried out at this violation to my shit hole, but soon got to accommodate his cock and was soon moaning in ecstasy at his pounding. His hands had moved under me and he had both my tits gripped hard in his rough hands, mauling them, using them as hand holds to pull his self deep into me. They were pulled out of shape by this treatment causing me to cry out loudly from the onslaught. The crowd were shouting, 

"Come on granddad, you won't get a chance to fuck a younger nympho slut like this again for free." 

This only made him grip harder, and he laughed each time I grunted and screamed, calling me his fucking dog slut, his bitch on heat, until with a grunt he emptied his ball sack deep in my bowls. He withdrew his slimy cock and pulled my head up violently by my hair.

“Suck my cock and balls clean of his filth now, you fucking cock sucking cum slut,” he shouted at me. 

I took his cock deep into my mouth and sucked him clean of all the gooey mess as I felt another cock already pounding my ass. I looked behind to see the long line of men all stroking their cocks grinning at me ready to make mince meat of my ass hole. My ass cheeks also got a good thrashing from all the men after they had fucked it. They all said it was to good a chance to miss out on. 

Sunday evening finally comes, and as the last of the strangers left, the guys untied my limp exhausted body. My ass hole and cunt were gaping wide with copious amounts of cum running out of them. My jaw was aching from all the cocks I had sucked clean, my belly was full of their cum. My entire naked body was covered with drying cum and smelled of piss from all the men that had pissed over me as I was tied up on the bed. 

They threw me my skirt and top, no thong though. 

“Get dressed Kathy; we have to get out now.” 

I put my clothes on. My skirt was covered in cum stains, and I hadn’t even got time to wash. We all walked back downstairs; the fat desk man grinned, and said, 

“Come back anytime slut.” 

I just pulled a face at him as we walked by. He had been ok about the mess on the bed and floor as he had fucked me three more times after the first over the proceeding days and had pissed over my tits and face, and made me lick his ass hole as well, and the guys said they would give him a copy of the video of my weekend gangbang. 

The guys left, leaving me to walk all the way home.

”We’ll send you a copy of the video to show your old man when we’ve sorted it,” Dave shouted to me.

“Yea, it will go down a wow at our parties,” Chris added.

“Thanks a lot guys, I’ll look forward to showing him and his mates it,” I shouted back at them.

“Christ, you a dirty slut, Kathy,” they all called back.

I laughed, and shouted “Thanks guys.” 

My body what could be seen and my face and hair was covered in drying or dried cum and smelling of dried piss. A lot of people made comments about my appearance on that walk home. I just kept walking as best I could after the mammoth fucking I had received, as if I hadn’t heard until I reached my house. As soon as the door was closed I stripped off, went upstairs and run the bath. As I soaked in the warm soothing water, washing away the mess, my hand couldn’t help but find its way between my legs. 

I massaged my enlarged cunt as I thought back over the weekend and the dozens of men that had used me that weekend, and what Chas would do to me when I told him about it and the video. He had said that perhaps I could keep my clothes on and my legs together for once. If not he was going to take me to a bar he knew down at the docks where lots of rough Dockers and hells angels types of bikers hung out. It was crowed most weekends. Take me in, strip me naked in front of them all, then tell them I was their slut for the weekend to do what ever they wanted to, and I would. This would be my punishment. Perhaps I would be doing that soon, I mused as I lay there stroking my well used cunt.