 My first time as the "guest star" in a threesome was in college. There was a girl named Tara who I had met and flirted with for weeks – she was always hanging around the frat house where I was a pledge, and I wasn't sure if she had a boyfriend in the frat, or was looking for one. She was really cute, had a wicked smile, a gleam in her eye, and a fat, round ass that was absolutely firm. It was the kind of ass I dreamed of, and I had beat off to thoughts if fucking Tara's sweet ass from the first day I met her.

One day, Tara caught me reading a copy of Penthouse Letters, while I was waiting for an appointment to meet one of the upperclassmen, and she asked me what letters I liked. She picked up the magazine, and it turned to the section about anal sex. 

She laughed, licked her lips, and said "I knew you were my kind of guy." Then she turned the page and said – "But these are the ones I like the best." – they were all about guys sharing their wives or girlfriends. "By the way," she told me, "Kevin, the guy you are waiting to see, is my boyfriend." 

Now I was really nervous, because upperclassmen had to sign a recommendation for each of the pledges before initiation, and I was hoping that I hadn't made an enemy by flirting with this guy's girlfriend. 

"Don't worry about it,", she told me, "I think that everyone is going to end up very happy today."

When her boyfriend arrived, he asked if I would go to dinner with the two of them, so he could do the assessment interview. At dinner, she kept whispering to him, giggling, and sending me flirtatious glances, and touching my hand when she talked to me. She also kept brushing her big round ass against my cock, seemingly by accident as we walked to our table, then out of the restaurant and back to the car. As I held the passenger door for her, she ran her hand along my cock, and whispered "Did I get you all hot and bothered like that?", with a smile and a wink. She then kissed my cheek and said, in a normal volume "Thank you for being a gentleman and holding the door for me."

They invited me over to Tara's apartment, to watch some movies, so we stopped at the video store to pick some out. She chose a film that was known as an "sexy" romantic thriller, and then said "Since this is kind of a chick-flick, let's also get an action movie for you guys to enjoy – maybe you can pick one out that we'll all enjoy?" I headed to the "Action/Adventure" aisle, but they didn't follow immediately, since they stopped to kiss each other passionately. When they hadn't caught up a minute or two later, I looked around for them, and saw her peeking out from the curtain that divided the "adult movies" from the rest of the store. She gestured for me to come in, so I did.

"Ooh, these look good!" she cooed, as she started picking up video boxes with titles like "Two guys for every girl" and "cheating wife threesome", "This is the kind of 'action' I like." she said with a wink. 

Kevin looked at me and said "She did say you could pick an action movie, but make sure you pick one where we can all enjoy the action together." I wasn't sure if they were serious, or if ths was the build up to some kind of practical joke, but felt compelled to play along and see where it ended up.

I numbly took the threesome video from her hand and said "This one looks like it will be a lot of fun." They smiled in agreement, and she brushed her hand over my cock, checking that I was still hard, pursed her lips and licked her tongue across them, slowly and sensuously.

I was still not sure if this was all some kind of practical joke, or if there was going to be a point where they would expect me to do something "gay" with Kevin, but I was hot for Tara, and thought that teasing me was probably just a form of foreplay for them.

As we watched the movie, with Tara sitting between Kevin and me on the couch, the two of them started doing some "petting" and making out. I tried to politely focus on the movie, but my eyes kept being drawn to Tara's hands furtively rubbing Kevin's cock through his jeans, and Kevin cupping Tara's large breasts and running his thumbs across her nipples, which were pointing out through her blouse like erasers. 

Then Tara told me she needed to stretch out, and asked if I would be a gentleman and rub her feet while she relaxed. I agreed, and she put her feet in my lap. For the next few minutes, my focus shifted between the movie, and rubbing her feet, but then I heard a zipper slide down, and a moan from Kevin. I glanced over to see Tara taking Kevin's hard cock into her mouth.

Stunned, I froze for a moment, then felt pressure against my cock – Tara was rubbing her feet across my hard cock! She pulled her mouth off of Kevin's organ, stroking it with her hand and said "Oh honey, I think we're making the pledge uncomfortable. Why don't I make him more comfortable – okay?" and she wiggled around on the couch, unzipped my pants, and gave my cock a long lick from base to tip, pursing her lips to suck up the precum that was already pooling at the head.

"Well" said Kevin, "Tara has been telling me how you've been hitting on her for the past two weeks. It looks like you want her... You do want to fuck my girlfriend, don't you?"

"Yes" I shakily replied, waiting for the other shoe to drop.

"This isn't some gay or bisexual thing. Tara and I have agreed that if I let her have an extra guy this weekend, she is going to let me have her and another girl next weekend. I have another girl in mind, and am looking forward to it - do you want to help me to earn that weekend, pledge?"

"Uhh, yeah, of course" I stuttered, still in shock at the evening's developments.

"Oh baby, I want to feel both of your hard cocks inside me!" Tara moaned "And the pledge wants to fuck my ass."

"It's great that you found someone who doesn't think that's gross. Let's head up to the bedroom and make it happen," he said, then paused and looked at each of us, "If that's what everyone wants." I nodded my head numbly in agreement, still amazed that I was going to get to fuck Tara's big, sweet, round ass. 

I was still a bit nervous about whether this was actually happening, or there'd be a bunch of guys with a camera waiting to laugh at me when we went upstairs, or if Kevin would expect me to do something with him. "I'm all for this," I told Kevin, "but I want to be sure that you don't expect me to do anything with you."

"Don't worry Pledge," Tara said as they ushered me into the bedroom. "I want both of these cocks all to myself."

While we were tearing off our clothing in the bedroom, Kevin looked at me and said "Here are the rules, pledge, Tara is my girlfriend, and I plan to marry her. You can play with her if she chooses, but you have to keep quiet about it around town. As for me and you - we might high five or something if we make her come hard enough, but I'm not interested in guys." He thought for a second, and added "Also, we might bump into each other, but that's not what this is about. As I said, I'm not into guys, but I am into having Tara get all the cock she wants and mmmffff..." He stopped talking as Tara pulled his mouth to her dripping cunt.

"Since the pledge is into anal, and you don't like that, I want to be DPed." Tara said, "So there is bound to be some contact between you. But I am not sharing either of you with another guy, so maybe you should try to stay at opposite ends except for that, Okay?" 

She pulled me to her for a deep kiss, with tongues frantically thrashing about in each other's mouth. Then I moved up so she could continue her fantastic blowjob. Whenever Kevin licked her to orgasm, her body would ripple and her head would jerk, and her throat would open for my cock – the only time she managed to get me there without gagging.

Kevin moved up and thrust his cock into her quivering vagina, and a huge orgasm rippled through her body, bucking her head up into my cock so fiercely that I came in her mouth. She sucked my cum from my cock as if her life depended on it, then she grabbed my hair and pulled me down for another passionate kiss – more like mouth to mouth fucking than the kind of romantic kissing we normally think about. I could taste my semen on her lips, tongue, and mouth. I had had one previous girlfriend who shared my cum with me like that after a blowjob, and hadn't been sure if I enjoyed it, or if I should be disgusted. This time, I went with enjoyment, as sharing it with Tara made the moment more erotic and hot.

When we came up for air, she whispered into my ear "You liked that, huh?" Her tone got a little more demanding as she continued, "You're going to be cleaning up a lot of cum tonight, pledge, but don't worry," Her tone softened again, "I'm not going to make you do anything gay with Kevin."

When Kevin shot his first load into her pussy, he waited until she stopped quivering, drew his cock out, and told me to switch places with him. He moved up to her head and rammed his cum-soaked cock into her mouth before it finished deflating, and she frantically pulled my head towards her crotch. 

"Be a gentleman, pledge," Kevin told me, "and take care of the lady." I got the idea, and placed my mouth over her reddened gash, licking and sucking her to several more orgasms, and cleaning out the sticky spunk from inside her.

Later, I enjoyed fucking her tight, hot pussy, which we both enjoyed immensely. Although my cock was not as long as Kevin's, I was noticeably thicker, and Tara appreciated my girth as I stretched her sweet pussy. 

She must have had experience with someone who wasn't as squeamish about anal sex as Kevin, because she opened right up for me when it was time for my cock to enter that big, beautiful ass. We used a combination of her pussy juices and my salva inside of her, and her saliva and the precum dripping steadily from my cock to ease it into that tight, hot orifice. It was just as amazing as I had dreamed, and much better than jacking off and fantasizing about it had been.

I came another two times in her mouth that night, as well as twice in her pussy – I missed out on filling her ass with my cum during the DP, because of the awkward positioning it required to get both cocks into the right position, and the difficulty keeping our thrusts synchronized as Tara bucked in the throes of multiple orgasms, and Kevin and I each started our own desperate thrusting to reach the final peak. Kevin came three more times in her pussy – I'm not sure how many times in her talented mouth - and I cleaned her out after each orgasm. 

We fell asleep with Tara between the two of us – all exhausted. Kevin dropped off first, and Tara was gently sucking my cock and trying to get me hard again as I fell asleep.

I woke up in the morning and snuck to the bathroom to pee. I carefully got back into the bed, and before I fell back asleep, I felt the warm, wet feeling of Tara's mouth on my cock. Her tongue swirled over my head, her lips pulsed up and down my shaft, I was in ecstasy. She kept this up for what seemed like hours – backing off each time I was ready to squirt. Then she pulled her head up, and, while stroking be with one hand and rubbing the other across my cockhead, she kissed her way up my body and whispered the words guaranteed to make a guy like me fall in love: "Please fuck my ass again, honey. You precum so much that it lubed me perfectly. You're the best ass-fucker I've ever had. I liked that so much. But this time I want to feel your cum shooting into my tight ass." I got behind her and she lifted her hips to allow me entry, then settled back onto her belly with me astride her. I started out easy and slow, but she began to thrust herself back at me more and more aggressively. "Fuck my ass harder pledge! Show me that you want to own this ass. Pump your cum into my ass and make it yours." I did, with an intense orgasm that felt like it was ripping my insides out. I lay across her back, panting for breath, as she turned her head back and her lips sought out mine. 

The mattress had been bouncing hard during my brutal pounding of Tara's gripping rectum, and Kevin had been awake and watching the climax.

"I'm glad she found someone to do that for her" he said, "I'm not putting my dick in any ass – even one as nice as Tara's." Then he got up and went to the bathroom. 

"And I thought you fucked my ass good last night!" Tara told me, giggling. Then she looked at the bathroom door, closed behind Kevin, "I'm going to want more of that cock in my ass, deal or no deal." she whispered to me, then winked as she took my cock into her mouth and sucked off any residue of my frothy cum, our mixed sweat, and anything her ass had left on that cock. Once again she grabbed at my head and pushed me down, and I knew that she needed my mouth and tongue on her well used hole, cleaning her up and giving her ripples of pleasure as I rimmed her and cleaned my cum from her body.

By the time I finished, Kevin had already had Tara suck him to full hardness, and he motioned for me to swap places again, so he could fuck her dripping cunt again. "Go wash your dick off before you do anything else." he told me. "I don't want any of that ass stuff getting in her mouth or pussy." 

Tara and I shared a secret smile as I walked to the bathroom to wash off the cock that Tara had already scrupulously cleaned with her slutty mouth. I came out for another round of Tara's excellent dick-sucking, and dropped my last load of the day into her creamy pussy. Between Kevin and me, we deposited another five loads for me to lick out of her flooded snatch before we decided that we needed to get out of bed, eat, and go to class. 

The next day, Kevin pulled me aside and told me, "Tara and I talked about this, and I think you'll like what we decided." he told me. "She likes that you're willing to fuck her ass and clean cum out of her cunt, which is good, because I don't do either of things. So here's the deal pledge," he continued "you're going to be my little brother at the frat, and that means you run errands for me just like other little brothers run errands – errands like picking Tara up from work and driving her home when I have a night class, or taking her to the mall when I'm out of town or busy working on my thesis. Nobody will say anything about you spending time with her and doing those things, so you can also have sex with her when she wants you to, as long as you don't make it obvious. Just make sure you clean her pussy out real good when you're done with her."

For the rest of the year, I drove Tara home from work two nights a week, and enjoyed the rewards of being her chauffer. She would suck my cock as I drove (not to completion, just to get me worked up) and then have me come into her apartment – sometimes to fuck her pussy or ass, but always to sit on my face. 

One night, her roommate walked in on us as Tara ground her pussy into my face, and was a little bit shocked at the scene. Tara explained the situation to her, and offered to let her try my tongue. Not only did she come multiple times as I ate her redhaired pussy, but she also had me rim her asshole - keeping me busy for well over an hour. After that, I was regularly eating and rimming her roommate as well – not as a group thing, and her roommate never let me fuck her and never blew me. 

At the end of the school year, I moved into an apartment in the same complex so that they could drop by or have me come over and eat or rim them if they were feeling neglected, or sneak over to have me lick their pussies clean after they had sex with their boyfriends. Teh closest we came to ever having another threesoe was when Kevin and Tara would come over to my apartment to watch a movie after having sex, and I would kneel in front of Tara as they sat together on the couch, licking her to orgasm after orgasm as I cleaned her snatch of all their mixed juices.

I was sad when they graduated, but did get to eat both of their pussies at homecoming the next year – Tara's only once, but her roommate about six times, as she was taking the opportunity to fuck every one of here exes from college, and wanted me to clean her out in between. 

During my senior year, I saw them both at homecoming, but was living with a girl who was a bit too possessive to allow me to serve either of them - but she is another story.

Tara and Kevin are married now, are settled down in another state, and have kids. If she has an "on-the side" guy to clean her pussy and fuck her ass, he is certainly a lucky fellow.