 I sat on the couch and impatiently exhaled on a low-tar cigarette. Glancing at my watch, I noticed she was late. I took a slug of wine and looked over at Dave. He stood at the counter with his back to me, mixing a scotch and water with ice. For a moment I thought he sensed my anxiety as then he turned around and met my gaze with smiling eyes. 

"You all right, babe?" he asked me. I nodded that I was fine, but my nervous fidgeting betrayed me. I lay back in the couch and took another mouthful of wine.

"Come on Tina where are you?" I thought.

When waiting for Tina, seconds seemed like minutes, and minutes hours. I thought of what it was that could possibly delay her. Did Alan forget he was to stay home tonight to mind their kids? Or had the bad weather made the roads inaccessible? Perhaps Alan had somehow discovered our plans and that were why she had not shown! I closed my eyes tightly and tried to block these thoughts from my mind. 

"Don't be stupid" I reasoned. "She'll be here." 

After all, how could she not show? We had been planning this night for weeks. Ever since that night when we had talked until morning and she had told me her marriage was nearly dead, and fuelled by alcohol and my latent desire for Tina I had made a pass on her to which she had responded favourably. We had made love on the floor to which I now looked upon and the sex was mind-blowing. I took her to heights of pleasure that she had not experienced before and I had never come so hard and so often. When it was over we had agreed that this was to be the start of an affair, but a life of marriage and kids had got in the way, and we had not had the opportunity to fuck again until now.

It was my idea to have a threesome with the two of us and Dave, that way I could sleep with Tina with my husband's consent and no longer have to keep my desires a secret. I love Dave and didn't want to hurt him, but I could not ignore my feelings for Tina either. So by making Dave happy with the idea of his wife fucking another woman, we were all happy. 

Naturally I had no problem in convincing him. Dave knows I’m bisexual as I told him before we were married about the women I had slept with, and he had no issues with sharing a bed with his wife and her horny best friend! The thought of me with another women really turned him on and god only knows it turned me on too! I was itching to get back to a bit of girl-on-girl. 

Tina was extremely open to my suggestions, to say the least! Because of her marriage problems she was not getting fucked on a regular basis and Tina being Tina I knew she would be hungry for cock and I was right. She wanted it right there and then, and has told me since that the thought of fucking both Dave and I had fuelled all her masturbation sessions in the intervening weeks. 

So where was she? I was getting concerned. We had said 8.30 but it was almost an hour later and still no sign of Tina showing. I poured another glass of red, lit another cigarette and tried to relax. Dave sat next to me and took a handful of chips from a bowl that sat on a small table by the couch then turned on the t.v. We watched a black guy fuck two white girls and I thought to myself “That should be me!”

"Don't worry Jane, she'll call if she can't make it" he said reasonably. But I wasn't interested in reason. I just wanted to see Tina pull up the driveway and take her clothes off. But all the same I nodded and smiled unconvincingly.

"Yeah, I know. She'll be here." We watched the porno in silence, Dave getting visibly aroused, but it didn't really do anything for me. I was too worried that Tina, the sexy bitch, might not show up at all.

At 9.47, just as I had given up on her, Tina arrived, but not in her own car, in a cab. I saw the glare of the headlights as the vehicle swung around to stop outside the front door and my heart leapt with joy. I jumped up immediately and adjusted first my skirt, then the low-cut sleeveless top I wore to expose maximum cleavage then made quickly to the door. Dave followed and had the same obvious look of eager excitement as i. 

"Are you ready for a night of untold sexual pleasure?" I asked him as my hand reached quickly for the doorknob.

"Oh yes!" he exclaimed, hardly able to contain his joy as I opened the door and smiled happily as, at last, Tina ran in from the rain and stood before us.

"Hi" she said breathlessly as I closed the door and the world behind us. "Sorry I’m late, fucking car wouldn't start. Alan insisted on trying to fix it before he'd let me call a cab, the fucking cheap prick." Tina swore quite a lot but I didn't mind. She used the same language in bed and I swear she'd make you come just by talking dirty.

"That's ok" I lied. "You're here now, that's all that matters. How are you keeping?"

"Fine, fine" she said as she took off the overcoat that Dave offered to hang up for her in the closet. 

"And yourselves? You're looking well." I looked into her beautiful eyes and smiled, flattered, as I knew this compliment was directed solely at me, and told her we were doing great. Dave returned and led Tina into the lounge with me following from behind.

Tina was looking good, stunning to be exact. She wore a striped, tight fitting shirt with no brassiere, and a knee-length skirt and boots. Her large, meaty breasts looked magnificent, and the thin patterned material of her top stretched tightly across them, defining splendidly their silky roundness as they bobbed up and down beneath her shirt. Her great ass wriggled seductively in her skirt as she moved across the room and her tanned legs, long and glowing, shone smoothly as she sat down on the couch. 

There was a lot of Tina and a woman could easily be jealous of her, but not i. We are both very similar in size; breasts, legs, ass, pussy. Both have golden hair, mine long, hers shoulder length, but most importantly I think we have the same sex-drive, the same responses to touch and pleasure. I looked at her sat down, legs crossed, her skirt riding up her creamy thighs, and I just wanted to eat her pussy right there and then. 

"God, she is so fucking sexy!" I thought to myself, my juices already flowing.

Dave handed her a drink, Scotch, straight, lots of ice, and we both sat down next to her on either side of the couch. I picked up my wineglass, took a mouthful, then leaned back into the cushions. Dave sucked on a beer while staring at Tina's tits. My eyes were alternating between her breasts and thighs as I spoke. “So...how are the kids?" I asked politely.

"Good" Tina replied, her answer short and to the point.

"And Alan?" I said. She looked up at me with pursed lips, somewhat frowning.

"Do you mind if we don't talk about that asshole. It's not going to exactly turn me on."

I looked up at Dave who was still staring at Tina's chest and nodded. "Sure. Sorry."

Dave nodded also and muttered something but was not even listening in honesty. Tina’s gorgeous breasts transfixed him. I looked at them again. They rose then fell slowly as she breathed and looked to spill out of her top at any moment. God, I wanted to suck them so badly!

"So, you want something to eat, another drink? Dave, get Tina another drink" I asked. Dave looked up at me, confusion on his face like he had just woken up from a wet dream and couldn't figure out why there was cum on the sheets.

"Pardon?" he muttered, not really listening.

"Tina would like another drink".

"Oh, right. Sure." Dave took the empty tumbler from Tina and went to fetch the drink. Tina watched him move to the counter then looked back to me. She was smiling away to herself, possibly amused by Dave's unintentional Stan Laurel ways, but more so, I thought, because she liked having the two of us cast our eyes lustfully over her hot body. I put out my cigarette and thought "enough of this bullshit" then decided to end the chitchat and cut straight to the chase. I'd had enough red to give me courage and wanted to fuck Tina so badly that I just came out with it.

"Tina, you look gorgeous, and if you don't mind I’d like to eat you out right here on the couch." Tina's eyes narrowed, her lips pouted softly, and slowly she spread her pale, creamy thighs as she leaned over and whispered quietly in my ear. 

"There's nothing I’d like more" she purred seductively. She moved back slowly to her original position then drew her skirt up above her hips in a slow and considered movement to reveal her white panties that barely contained the golden bush that I had loved and adored. I leaned forward and put my hand on her bare thighs as I sought her mouth with my own. 

At last our lips met and we kissed passionately and hard, her hands pulling me closer as my fingers stroked her smooth, white flesh further upward until they touched upon the soft cotton fabric of her panties. Tina sighed as my nimble fingers nudged beneath the thin elastic waistband and into her knickers. She moaned again, more audible now, as my hand moved down her crotch and cradled her warm sex, my middle finger extending to find her clit through the mass of blond hair that concealed it.

"Oh!" Tina's mouth fell open wide as with slow but firm movements I massaged her swollen clit, her steady moans continuing as my attentions became faster and firmer. Her tongue darted into my mouth and I pushed my body further against her own, our breasts and flanks squashed firmly together as I masturbated her with steady loving rhythms.

It was then that Dave returned with the drink. He stopped momentarily, not believing what he was seeing, then moved quickly to sit back down next to Tina on the couch. He put the drink down and without words stroked Tina's other thigh. Then he slipped his hand beneath her shirt and stroked her breasts, grazing her nipples with his palm as he firmly kneaded her bosom. 

Tina responded by reaching out with her right hand and finding Dave's crotch began to fondle him through his jeans. Dave quickly took his hand out from beneath Tina's shirt and unbuttoned his fly, pulling his trousers down to his knees and freeing his already hard cock. Tina took hold of his weapon and as I fingered her she began to toss Dave off in her hand, all the while continuing to tongue me frantically.

I wanted more than anything to pleasure Tina in this fashion but at the same time I didn't want her to come too soon. I wanted to tease her until she pleaded with me to finish her off. I took my hand out from inside her now wet knickers and quickly whipped off my top, letting my naked breasts flop against my chest before thrusting them into Tina's pretty face. She clamped her mouth to my right breast and lolled her tongue hard upon the nipple, sending my body into immediate spasms of delight.

"Oh yeah, yeah!" I moaned softly as Tina sucked my breasts and continued to pleasure Dave, pumping his straining cock in her fist with a steady rhythm that was concentrated around the head and sending him wild with pleasure. I put my hands on the centre of her belly and fumbled to find the buttons of her shirt, desperate now to get her naked, and as each one unpopped she exposed more tantalising flesh and subconsciously I began grind my hips in a hard fucking motion against her thigh. 

When I opened the buttons just below Tina’s breasts I moved backwards slightly to undo her fully, and she released her grip on Dave momentarily to put her arms by her side. I pulled the shirt over her shoulders and then off her body completely, then threw the shirt onto the floor and collapsed into Tina's arms, our naked breasts squashed tightly together as we kissed and groped one another like we had never done so before. I tugged at Tina's skirt and lifting her bottom off the couch I removed the skirt and panties in one swift action, then I shoved my rear into the air and wriggled my hips so I too slid out of my knickers, leaving us both completely naked.

We both moaned loudly as our fingers made busy pleasuring each other, while Dave just sat there stroking his cock, contentedly watching us make out. Tina ground her pussy against mine as we petted heavily then kissed each other’s breasts and necks, our hands softly stroking the planes and curves of our sensuous flesh. 

I sensed Tina was going to come very soon, so I pushed her knees wide apart and slid my body down hers until I was knelt square between her open thighs. I traced my tongue along the velvet insides of her thighs, licking her from knee to bush, and this made her whimper uncontrollably like a frightened puppy, her weak cries spurring me on to perform the act that she so desired. 

Placing my hands on her flanks I stuck out my tongue rigid and licked her pussy from top to bottom, then back again. I repeated this action for as long as it took to get her nice and wet, then flicked my tongue across her clit and the folds of moist flesh that lay at the centre of her fragrant treasure. She tasted delicious and smelt fresh and clean. Her juices flowed as I made my tongue flicker lightly upon her clit, then I made rigid again and stuck my tongue into her warm passage, fucking her with my expert tongue. 

I looked up with my mouth clamped to Tina's pussy, my tongue deep inside her, and saw Dave groping her breasts as Tina wanked him off again. Both lay back with their eyes closed and seemed oblivious to one another, but they were both servicing the other as I pleasured Tina. 

"Oh Jane..yes!" Tina's moans were low and breathy as I ate her out her cunt, my tongue gliding rapidly across her wet flaps, licking and probing her pussy to exalted states of pleasure. Dave was also moaning loudly. He had taken of his shirt, and like Tina his eyes were closed and had a dreamy look of contentment on his face. 

Suddenly Tina's groans of pleasure became louder and more persistent, and I must have hit the spot for she grabbed my scalp roughly with both hands and thrust my face deeper between her thighs until I could not breathe almost. She bucked her crotch in a steady rhythm against my chin, angrily fucking my face as I lapped at her pussy like a dog drinking water from a bowl.

In the mean time, Dave had put on a rubber and was kneeling on the floor behind me, fondling my buttocks and trying to slip his cock inside me. I quickly went down on all fours and pushed out my rear to allow him to take me from behind as I orally pleasured Tina. He held me steadily by the hips and I could feel his cock head poking at my entrance, so I sank down onto his tool then moaned loudly as his length completely filled me. 

Dave thrust into me like a jackhammer, fucking me like a crazy as Tina moaned and squirmed on the couch, approaching orgasm. I flitted my tongue upon her clit as fast as I could manage, and then, as she kneaded her breasts with busy fingers, she cried out loudly "I'm coming, I’m coming…aaahhhh!” and her back arched sharply off the couch. Her whole body tensed and her face grimaced with delight as her body exploded then shook with pleasure, and I felt her climax gush onto my face, quenching my lips and chin.

As Dave continued to fuck me from behind Tina sighed languidly with relief, then slid off the couch to sit on the floor in front of me. Her chest was coated with a light film of perspiration that sparkled like sequins, running into a pool in the space between her breasts, and her face was ruddy and hot looking. I was still on all fours with Dave doing me doggy-style, and I moaned loudly as his cock rammed into me in a fast, hard rhythm. Tina sat with her legs open and my hands between her thighs. She shoved her breasts into my face, and I opened my mouth to suck on them as she reached under to play with mine. Tina squeezed and pulled at my nipples, then rolled my breasts tightly in her palms, groping and fondling me while I kissed her pretty bosom.

Now I was in heaven, with Dave doing me from behind and Tina sat before me, my face in her breasts and she groping mine. I placed my hands on her thighs and squeezed tightly, losing myself in the pleasure my two lovers were giving. I rocked back and forth in time with Dave's motion and I could feel his fingers dig deep into my fleshy rump. We were both moaning uncontrollably and uncomfortably hot. Sweat poured off my body, and I could then feel something wonderful from below as my climax started to happen.

"Oh god I’m coming I’m coming fuck me oh yes!" I cried through gritted teeth as I clenched my fingers tightly against Tina's thighs and thrashed my bottom against Dave's cock, rocking back and forth crazily as my body tensed and a powerful orgasm imploded from my pussy and outward. I gave a final climatic moan as my breasts shuddered against Tina's palms and I collapsed into her arms as the full force of my climax felled me to the ground.

Throughout my release Dave had managed to remain inside me, and as I lay against Tina with my rear in the air he pounded his cock into me. Seconds later he too gave a loud rattling moan, and discharged his streams of passion inside me. When it was done he withdrew and lay next to Tina and I with his head resting on the couch. I was holding tightly onto Tina, and as she cradled me in her arms she kissed my hair and stroked my trembling shoulders. My face was against her chest and I petted her breasts as I found my composure, her tender flesh warm between my lips. My climax had been amazing but still I wanted more. I looked up at Tina, and in her eyes I could see my thoughts reflected in them. She wanted more of the same. This was to be only the beginning.


Slowly I moved my body upward, supporting myself on one arm as I went to kiss my lover, crushing her lips with my own. I forced my tongue into her wide, open mouth, pressing my hot, urgent body tight against her own soft sensual skin and we French-kissed tenderly but hard. My hand caressed her breasts as we kissed, making the nipples hard like bullets, then moved down her body touching her belly, groin and thighs, and when my palm brushed her cunt hairs I felt Tina open herself to me at her centre. 

She moaned as I expertly stroked and manipulated the flesh between her legs, making her wetness gush onto my fingers. I gently touched her clit and she trembled like a leaf. Then I pushed two fingers inside her hot pussy and got them really wet, got Tina really flowing, then drew them out and spread the juices over her clit so it was nice and moist. Then i rubbed her there while we kissed and very soon she was gasping and squirming with pleasure, her body urging me to control, dominate, and satisfy her desire. 

Her thighs split wider still, so I slid my fingers under again and pushed them through her creamy wet flaps, probing her jelly and finger-fucking her tenderly. Then i withdrew and lay down on the carpet, pulling Tina on top of me. We kissed frantically, madly, like animals, our hands touching and caressing as we ground our mounds together in a hard fucking motion. Both of us were moaning loudly and oblivious to everything but each other. 

Then Tina quickly sat up and turned around so her backside was facing me, then she lowered her pussy onto my face and we assumed the 69 position. My thighs fell open wide, and i cried out loudly in ecstasy as i felt Tina's tongue upon me, licking my poor pussy. Her hair was tickling my thighs as she manipulated my clit with her lips, giving me little kisses there and nibbling the passionate bud with her teeth, driving me wild with pleasure. As Tina ate me I sucked her clit and probed her passage with my rigid tongue, sending her crazy. Her pussy was so lubricated that my mouth, nose and chin were coated in her juices, and the tops of her thighs glistened with wetness. 

My hands mauled her buttocks and flanks as I pleasured her and she clamped her thighs tight against my head, pushing her self down harder onto my face and my tongue deeper inside her body. She was rocking to and fro in rhythm with my attentions and making loud groaning noises that would have been audible to anyone passing by outside. Her bush scraped so hard against my face that it felt sore but we were both so gone, so close to coming, that I didn't care.
