 When wake up I find myself in a bright white room. The ceiling, floor and walls are all white, so it is hard to tell where one begins and the other ends.

I am naked, strapped chest down to some kind of frame, tilted at about a 45 degree angle. My body is bent slightly in the middle, with my legs held wide apart, my arms straight out sideways and my head angled upwards, almost vertical, strapped tightly to what feels like a cushioned headrest. The padded supports that hold me up at strategic points are surprisingly comfortable. Completely immobilized, I feel like I am floating in the center of a warm, white cloud.

It is strangely erotic. Partly, I suppose, because I am naked and helpless... and partly because there is nothing to divert my attention from that fact. I am aware of my cock dangling beneath me. Somehow the thought of it suspended in plain view triggers a trickle of warmth in my groin. The warmer my cock gets, the more it swells... on its way to a full-blown erection.

At that moment the wall in front of me seems to cave in. A door! Opened! And through the dark opening emerges three of the most beautiful, lithe, young women I have ever laid eyes on, almost identical in height and stature. There is nothing left to my imagination, because each of them is wearing a sheer white negligee and nothing more! I am stunned by the gracefulness of their perfect legs, the sexy sway of their hips and the wispy hairs clearly visible at the crux of their thighs as they stroll towards me. Their perfect breasts hover above their slim waists as if suspended magically in mid-air, soft and weightless, erect nipples moving seductively against the silky, see-through fabric with each step. The only significant difference between the three women is that one gorgeous face is framed by red hair, one by blonde hair and one by jet-black hair.

The redhead stops in front of me. With a lustful smile and a lick of her lips she slips her skimpy garment off her shoulders, lets it fall to the floor and moves behind me out of sight. The brief sight of her nakedness makes me gasp. The blonde does exactly the same, proving in the glimpse she provides that her hair color is natural as well. The last girl disrobes, only this time she steps towards me with a wink and a smile as she takes something black from behind her back. The last thing I see is her pussy lips, decorated by trimmed black hairs, before she slips the mask over my eyes and plunges me into darkness.

My heart is beating hard and fast... only it doesn’t feel like it is in my chest. I feel the quick throbs most strongly in my cock, which is now standing out from my body like a steel rod. The sight of this trio of luscious bodies has assured this. I am embarrassed in a way, but also incredibly turned on, wondering if the girls are about to submit me to pleasure or pain. Whatever my fate, I have no choice but to let these beauties have their way with me.

I don’t have to wait long. One of the girls pushes her fingers firmly through the thatch of short hair on top of my head, jutting above the headrest. I grunt at this surprising touch and then groan as she captures my hair between her fingers and pulls it, straining the roots. A flood of tingles sweeps down my neck and back. The fingers release, then briefly massage my scalp and pull my hair once more. More tingles. And then, as if perfectly choreographed, a hand very gently squeezes my cock and lets go.

The shock of joy from this intimate touch makes my body shudder against the bindings. My God, if this is any indication of their plan, it won’t take much to send me to paradise!

Ten light fingertips begin to trace delicate trails up and down my back. Another set of fingertips roams over my calf muscles, then onto the back of my thighs. These gentle caresses light my skin on fire, making a little moan ooze from my gaping mouth.

“Ohhh fuuccckkk,” I groan as another girl’s fingers unexpectedly cup my balls then sweep gently up my shaft of my cock, giving my head a little squeeze before leaving. Oh Jesus that was exquisite! The burning pleasure makes my ass twitch.

Caresses are alternately given and removed from different parts of me, each one a delightful surprise, timed randomly for maximum effect, making my “Oh fuck’s” more deep-throated and desperate each time.

Suddenly I feel warm liquid dripping onto the base of my spine. It puddles there momentarily, then oozes between my asscheeks. Oil! I can feel it seeping down my crack. The drizzle then moves over my round moons, coating them as well.

I groan as one pair of hands spreads the slick liquid from my buttocks up onto my lower back and another pair of hands smears it down onto my thighs. The fingers knead and probe as they travel over my skin, massaging each muscle they find, warming and relaxing me.

As if by signal, the hands above me disappear just as an oily hand grips my cock, harder this time, massaging warm liquid into my stretched skin, up, down, rotating slowly. 

“Uhhh my gawwwddd...” I croak. The hands feels like it is right inside me. I grunt as it gives my cock a quick little tug then lets go. All I can feel is the heavy throb.

Four hands move back onto my buttocks, stroking and kneading my cheeks, stretching them this way and that. In my slightly bent position the girls have easy access to every part of me... and must have a good view of my balls hanging between my legs. 

I grunt in delight again as one of the girl’s fingers smears oil down the valley between my warmed moons, skipping across my asshole, grazing the back of my sack. I feel myself clench, my muscles reacting instinctively. I have always had a very sensitive asshole. I have to confess it gets pretty itchy at times and feels damn good when I itch it. I have often wondered what it would feel like to have a woman play with it, put her finger inside me, during lovemaking. But I have never had a woman who was interested in anal play, either for me or for her. Now, with some amazement, I wonder if these three gorgeous women will surprise me.

The girl’s fingers repeat the journey down my crack, only this time they gently rub my clenched sphincter, pressing softly against my tingling hole. My breath gets stuck in my chest. And then I cry out as a hand grabs my cock and masturbates it hard... one, two, three, four strokes... and then off!

My mind is having a hard time processing these sensations. I can feel myself quivering with anticipation inside. These girls are going to make me rip apart.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhh...” I sigh, as the fingers rub my asshole again, a little harder this time.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhh...” I sigh, as other fingers slide down between my thighs and cradle my nuts.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhh...” I sigh once more, as the same fingers massage my sack, tugging my balls down, stretching the wrinkly skin... while my asshole is being teased.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhh...” I whimper, as the masturbating hand joins in, grabbing my slippery cock again, milking me. My muscles begin to tighten... and then all the hands pull away!

Jesus! They have me ready to cum. The ache... ah, yes the beautiful ache... of pre-orgasmic joy is already building in my groin. At this rate they are going to make me beg for it!

A pair of hands caresses my buttocks. The fingers rotate, kneading more warmth into me, then turn and pull my asscheeks apart, spreading my crack wide open. My body lurches against the tethers, shocked by the drizzle of oil being poured directly onto my exposed asshole. Before I can catch my breath a pair of fingers land right on the slippery opening, massaging the rippled skin in circular motions, probing the entrance, pushing oil into me. 

I try not to clench, but I am not used to this! I fight to relax, but my asshole squeezes tight involuntarily, despite the girl’s fingers doing exactly what I want, sending warm bolts of pleasure up into me in a way I’ve never experienced. Fuck that feels soooo good! Her fingers keep rotating until my sphincter finally gives up the struggle. I groan in surrender as she wiggles her finger into my well-oiled hole.

An even louder groan is about to erupt from my throat, but before it escapes I am rendered soundless by the sweet mouth that suddenly wraps around the head of my cock. Once again it is almost too much pleasure to comprehend. One girl has wiggled a delicate finger inside me from behind, another has taken my cock between her beautiful pouty lips! The warm, wet mouth underneath me slowly sucks and licks its way onto my aching dick until I am swallowed completely. 

“Ohhhh fuucccckkk!” I whimper, my eyes squeezed shut behind the mask, as the girl’s mouth suckles back out to the head, then hungrily swallows me again before departing.

“Ohh fuckfuckfuuuccckkkk!!” I croak helplessly as my senses suddenly rush back to the probe in my butt. Christ! She has pushed her finger all the way in... and is obviously in no hurry to pull it out! I can feel her pressing deep inside my anus, stimulating parts of me I didn’t even know existed! I suck in a panicky breath as she begins to pull it out. I feel like I’m taking a shit! My asshole is so full of oil I can feel the overflow seeping down onto my balls. My mouth gapes silently as the finger stops then pushes slowly back in. Before I know it she is finger-fucking me, sliding her finger in and out of me slowly at first, then faster and faster. 

“Oh... my... fuck... ing... Gawwwdd...” I croak in a tortured voice. It is too much pleasure! The mouth has begun to suck on my cock again. Too much, too much! The ache of the imminent orgasm is like a knife in my gut! And then they all pull away from me again!

I howl in protest... a real, deep-throated animal howl this time... writhing against my bonds. Jesus, if I could just free my hand for a second... one or two good strokes and my white cum would hurl all over that white floor. The girls can do anything to me now... spank me, whip me, grab my legs and split me in half like a wishbone... I don’t care, I just want to cum!

Just as my sucking breaths subside I feel their hands on my ass again, massaging me, spreading me, more oil on my asshole... and then a finger nudging me... no not a finger. I gasp as something much larger pushes insistently against my slippery brown button. There is no stopping it. Whatever it is keeps coming at me, stretching my puckered hole wider and wider. There is a moment of pain... and then it pops inside me! It feels as big as a tree trunk! I moan as it works slowly into me, deeper and deeper. 

Holy shit, the girls are poking a dildo up my ass! I almost laugh at the thought of one of them shoving it in there... maybe even wearing a strap-on and humping it into me. However they’re doing it, I don’t care... because it feels fucking amazing! Especially... ohh Gawwwddd... when I feel my rigid cock being sucked once more! Yes, the mouth is back! For the briefest moment I wonder which girl is about to swallow my load.

My whole body shudders... a deep, rocking, inward shudder that messes up my guts... as the dildo and the mouth begin to move in and out at the same time! I can’t even moan. It is as if the pleasure is connected front to back, one big knife cutting through me! My mouth gapes open in a silent scream of joy... there is no turning back... I am on the way to heaven! I am vaguely aware that something has suddenly been shoved into my mouth. Smooth. Warm. Round. I almost gag as my mind flutters off into oblivion, trying push the object out with my tongue, gasping for breath. 

The fucking stops! Desperate, I try to cry out, but my mouth only clamps over the obstruction pressing against my tongue. The fucking starts again. Oh yeah... this is it! I squeeze my lips around the moving mouthful. Another dildo? I don’t care... my body is turning inside out... hovering between heaven and earth... oh my Gawwwdd here I go! And then... WHAM! I cum so hard only the bindings keep me from rocketing out of the white room. Through the glorious devastation of each deep blast I am distantly aware of a warm, flooding feeling in my ass... and a gush of warm fluid in my mouth... in my throat.

I swallow desperately, trying to inhale some life-sustaining air! Amazingly I can feel my cum still spewing out of me, draining me of every drop... the force of the orgasm emptying me completely.

As my mind slowly reconnects itself, the skillful mouth below me gives me one last gentle suckle, then departs. My body shudders as the probe in my ass slides free. I suck in a deep breath as my mouth is cleared. Holy shit! What’s that taste?

I am suddenly blinded by the mask being yanked off my head. My eyelids blink up and down... pupils desperately trying to adjust to the bright light. I hear laughter behind me... then catch movement out of the corner of my eye. The girls, still gloriously naked, move towards the door. But they are not alone. Three young men, also naked, walk with them. One is wiping his grinning mouth. One is squeezing a final drop of cum out of his swollen wet dick. The last is wiping his fat cock clean with a white cloth. 

Just as he is about to go out the door he turns and winks at me.

 Author's Note: I wrote this story after a discussion about whether a heterosexual male or female could ever enjoy a same sex encounter. My contention was that if you could not see... and the mind was in the right place, it would not matter. What do you think? 