 She looked beautiful lying on the bed in her glorious nudity, with her wet pussy inches from my face. I had been lapping and sucking her cunt for the last five minutes. She had just asked me to slow down since she wanted to prolong her pleasure.

"How would like to have another woman doing your beautiful pussy, my lover?" I asked her as my tongue revisited her erect clitoris. She jolted at the contact and moaned when I pressed my mouth to her swollen lips. 

"Oh, you pleasure me so well, my loving husband. But I'd love to have another woman eat my pussy while you're fucking her from behind. Ohhh!! You're making me come. My God, it's so good! Don't stop, lover. Eat my pussy like she would. Ahhh! I'm coming again!"

Her head is flopping from side to side, her hips are undulating, her cunt dripping wet as multiple orgasms ripple through her body. She screams her pleasure and then relents as her climax subsides.

"Wow! That must be close to heaven. I kept seeing you fucking that woman as she made me come and come. My lover, you are the best! Now, I want you to fuck me doggie style and think of me as that woman who is eating your wife's pussy."

She places herself on hands and knees and I climb up on the bed behind her. I rub my raging hard-on on her glistening pussy lips as she keeps alternating between her roles as the other woman first telling me how she is enjoying my wife's clitoris and lapping her pussy juices and then as my wife as she tells me how she loves to see her husband fucking the woman eating her pussy.

"Fuck her harder, my lover," She moans, pressing her buttocks firmly against my hard cock, wanting my full length inside her flaming vagina. 

The stupendous orgasm that had been building in my balls as my wife excites me suddenly erupts through my rock-hard cock and I feel a heavy stream of semen gush deep inside her velvety vagina. She looks back at me and hisses," Yes, yes, yes!" as my coming triggers her own. We collapse on the bed and I lie upon her warm and curvy body as my cock slowly softens inside her come-filled pussy.

"I love you, my beautiful woman," I whisper in her ear. "And I love you too, my lover" she responds.

After a few minutes, we turn over on our side with my limp cock pressing snugly against her warm buttocks as I caress her breasts lightly.

"What do you say we place an ad in the newspaper for a female companion to accompany us to Arizona next month?" I ask her. She turns over, and looks at me closely. "You're serious, aren't you?" After a short pause, she continues, "You know, I've had that fantasy for a long time. Yes, I think we should do it," she agrees. 

"But a two-week trip with another woman in our bed! Wow! That's a lot of fucking, my lover!" she smiles.

"And I'll love every minute of it, "I reply, "especially seeing you making love to another woman."

"I know that, you stud!" she retorts, smiling widely, turning and opening her arms to me. 

"Come lover." I climb on top of her as she opens her legs for me. I enter her easily and we fuck slowly and lovingly as we continue exciting each other with a multitude of scenarios of a ménage à trois. Then my forty-eight year-old wife is coming again and she brings me over the top with her sexy talk. Soon afterwards, we fall asleep in each other's arms.

The sun is shining brightly in our bedroom when we wake up. Over coffee, we discuss the wording of the ad we will place in one of the local tabloids. The final wording we agree on reads:

Take a pleasure trip from Chicago to Arizona next month. Couple in forties/fifties looking for female companion in same age bracket to share intimate living for two weeks in modern RV. Must be in good health, have good figure, be adventuresome, and have sense of humor. Would appreciate recent photograph.

I call in the ad and am told that it will run in the Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday editions. We are looking forward to next week when we can expect to start receiving some answers. Throughout the week, we find ourselves living in a heightened sense of anticipation. We make love almost every night, going over our fantasy to include details of everyday life in our ménage à trois scenario: Who sleeps in the middle? What do we wear around the RV? What erotic literature and porn films do we bring? What erotic games can we play? As we develop our fantasy, we agree that it must be two weeks of sexual pleasure for all concerned. Should anyone become uncomfortable, we simply terminate the arrangement. 

It is the next Thursday before the newspaper advises us that they have received five answers to our ad. We can pick up the envelopes at the newspaper office. From our suburban home, we drive downtown to the newspaper offices to claim our letters. We take a rear booth in a quiet restaurant nearby, order a light meal and proceed to open the envelopes. We read the letters in turn and look at the enclosed photos without comment. Then, we each make our own selections, first choice, second choice, etc. When we compare notes, we have made the same first choice, second and third are reversed, fourth and fifth are the same. So we decide to concentrate on our mutual first choice. 

The woman who is our first choice has written:

I have never answered an ad before, so I may be a little awkward about this. I lost my husband in a car accident four years ago. I've had a rough time getting over it for at least two and a half years. My husband and I were very close and were very sexually active. We used to fantasize about having another woman join us in bed and probably would have done so had my husband lived.

Please forgive the background information but it explains in large part why I know I would an ideal female companion for your pleasure trip to Arizona. Also, I have a good long-time college friend who has been after me to visit her in Arizona. 

I saw you ad on a Tuesday night and by the week-end, had decided to write to you. I will be fifty next month. I'm all excited about sharing that event with you. I'm in excellent health. I do regular exercises and am proud of my shape for my age. I've not had a sexual relationship for the past four years but have found personal gratification in frequent masturbation.

The enclosed photo was taken by a friend about three months ago while we were at the beach in California for a week-end. I've never travelled by RV before and I find the prospect very exciting.

I live in a Chicago condo uptown and am readily available for a get-acquainted meeting. My telephone number is on the back of the photo. The best time to call is after 7 p.m. I hope to hear from you two soon. 

Best regards for now,

Lisa

The photograph shows a lively mature brunette with an impish smile. She is a curvaceous woman wearing to advantage a French-cut one-piece bathing suit. She looks to be about the same size as my wife. Where Alex has blue eyes and a light complexion, Lisa has dark eyes and a sultry look. 

"I like her!" says my impetuous wife, "just the kind of woman I had envisaged."

"Like you darling, I'm impressed with the photo and the letter. She sounds so natural. I vote we give her a call tonight. What do you say?" I ask.

"I fully agree with you. I think we meet and see how everything works out. I've a feeling she's the one we want. Do you think we should do anything about the other four?"

"Let's leave them be until we've met Lisa.. Like you, I have a feeling she's the one."

We leave the restaurant and return home. We are thinking of inviting her for drinks and possibly dinner the following night. We keep busy anxiously waiting for 7 p.m. to come round. We embrace a lot, kissing and caressing. We are both extremely excited at the prospect of living two weeks with Lisa in a ménage à trois arrangement. We talk of nothing else until it's time to phone her. 

"Hello Lisa. This is Alex and my husband Will is on the other line. We're the couple who placed the ad. We are very impressed by your letter and your appearance and would like to meet you."

"Hello, Alex and Will. I'm so glad you called. I've been wondering if you would. I'd be glad to meet you whenever it's convenient."

"Hello Lisa. I feel I know you already. We want to invite you to dine with us tomorrow evening. We have a favorite restaurant we go to. How about we pick you up around six?"

"I'll be delighted to come, Will. I'll be in the lobby of my building by six."

She gives us her address and she and Alex chat for a while longer before hanging up.

We prepare a sea-food salad and eat comfortably by candlelight while downing a full bottle of white wine. We are in a celebrating mood. So I open a second bottle of our delicious wine while Alex chooses a CD with dancing music. We come together and dance very closely. After a while, I start unbuttoning her blouse. She does the same to my shirt. Soon, shirt, blouse and bra are on the floor as we dance bare skin on bare skin.

"Will you dance with Lisa this way, lover?" my wife asks sexily all the while pressing her beautifully full breasts against my naked chest.

"I'd love to dance with both of you this way." I answer diplomatically.

"From her photo, she seems to have nice tits" she continues.

"She'd have to go a long way to beat yours, my love."

We continue our sensuous dance while examining our feelings regarding our having a third person in our bed for a two-week period. We are both extremely energized at the outlook and agree to explore our sexuality to the fullest during that time.

"I want us to enjoy that woman to our heart's desire, my lover, no holds barred," says Alex. "I know it will stimulate you no end to watch or to participate." 

"I can see us on a sexual high, you know, I've got a perpetual hard-on and you're going around with a wet pussy and hard nipples...a sort of on-going orgy!" 

We stop mid-dance and kiss deeply and passionately. We have finished a second bottle of wine and are both feeling somewhat tipsy. By common accord, we head for the bedroom, skirt and panties, trousers and shorts strewn on the floor along the way.

My gorgeously naked wife pulls me to the bed where she climbs on and coos "I'm Lisa and I want it from behind." I position myself behind her and caress her wet pussy with my rigid cock. "Alex is watching and she is masturbating," she continues with the fantasy. With my cock, I can feel her feverishly fingering her clitoris. She's got me wound-up to fever pitch. I fuck her with total abandon and she responds in kind. I shoot spurt after spurt into her enflamed pussy as I feel her vaginal muscles contract in orgasm. We collapse on the bed and hug each other amorously. We feel so relaxed by the combination of wine and love-making that we fall asleep within a few minutes.

It was a little after six when the taxi driver stops in front of Lisa's condo building. 

"I'll be back in a moment," I tell my wife Alex and the driver. As I go to ring, the door is pushed open by an attractive woman in a light fall coat draped over her shoulders. The coat is open showing a lovely ankle-length red dress with a plunging neckline. Lisa has that impish smile on her face, "You're Will, I presume," "And you're Lisa," I counter.

She comes forward and gives me a light kiss. She hooks her arm in mine and we stroll back toward the car. Her hip makes contact with mine as we walk. The driver has the rear door open and Lisa and Alex greet each other. I slip in and sit beside Lisa. The women compliment each other on their dress. Alex is wearing a stunning full-length dark blue dress which displays her amazing cleavage to advantage. I am in the company of two gorgeous women, my blonde-haired Alex and our dark-haired companion.

When the driver opens the door in front of the restaurant, I get out and reach in to assist Lisa out of the taxi. As she bends over to come out of the car door, I get a delightful view of braless breasts under the red dress. She catches my glance and smiles. Next, I help Alex out. We get a flash of a shapely thigh as the slit in her blue dress opens up with her movement out of the car. I feel a delightful awareness in my cock as I escort my two female companions into the restaurant.

After drinks and dinner, both Alex and I feel very comfortable with Lisa and her with us. We candidly talk about our feelings with regard to our sharing two weeks of intimate living. We discuss our mutual fantasies and what turns us on sexually. Lisa is seated between us at our round table. There is a good deal of accidental and not so accidental touching during the course of our stimulating conversation, a hand over an arm, a hand stroking a thigh, a leg caressing a leg. When it comes time for after-dinner liqueurs, Lisa suggests we go over to her place to have them. We can then continue our interesting exchange. I pay our waiter and have him call us a cab.

Within a half-hour, we are in Lisa's tenth floor richly furnished condo. Lisa takes our coats, gets us settled in the living room. From a sideboard, she withdraws several bottles. Cognac is our favorite and Lisa returns with three large balloon glasses of Hennessy VSOP. Alex has taken off her shoes and sits on the couch with her legs folded under her. I sit next to her with my left hand resting above her knee inside the high slit of her dress. Lisa puts on a CD of soft dance music, then comes over, sits close to me, adopting a similar pose to Alex on the couch. We toast our newly-found relationship. We sip our drinks and resume our erotic conversation.

"Do you guys want to dance?" queries Lisa after a while.

"Why don't you dance with Lisa," Alex says to me. I turn to Lisa who is extracting her legs from under her to get up and I get another eyeful of her lovely breasts as her dress gapes open with her movements. Lisa molds her body to mine as we take up the rhythm. I sense my semi-erect cock harden as Lisa smiles sexily, She certainly can feel my erection and she pushes against it with insistence. I hold her asscheeks tightly in both hands. We turn and Alex is beside us. She unzips Lisa's dress and inserts her hands inside caressing Lisa's breasts. Lisa closes her eyes and moans. Then, looking at us lustily, Lisa whispers," Will, Alex, make love to me! Come" she says, grabbing our hands and pulling us toward her bedroom. She finishes unzipping her dress and tosses it over an armchair. Dressed only in lacy panties, she twists around to help Alex out of her dress. She unsnaps Alex' bra to expose her superb breasts. Then, both women have me out of my suit, shirt, and under shorts in a flash. My cock is at full mast and more than ready for action. Alex removes Lisa's panties then strips off her own. She takes off the bedspread and has Lisa lie down in the middle of the queen size bed.

"Will, let's do her pussy!"

We both arrange ourselves so that we have access to Lisa's very wet pussy. We take turn licking her juicy lips and sucking her engorged clitoris. Lisa is squeezing her nipples and writhing under our ministrations. She keeps moaning and saying how long she has waited for this. It isn't long before she is in the throes of series of powerful orgasms. Her hips are moving up and down, her thighs trying to hold our heads firmly against her cunt. She must have come at least four times before relaxing somewhat. Then Alex pulls herself up until she is lying directly over Lisa. Their pelvises touch and Alex begins to gyrate hers on Lisa's. Then she caresses Lisa's breasts with her own. Alex continues her movements against Lisa's pelvis until she is coming herself. The two beautiful females kiss, their tongues entwining. Alex finally moves off Lisa. 

"Do you want Will to fuck you Lisa?" enquires Alex.

"Yes, yes, it's been such a long time since I've had a hard cock inside me. Fuck me, Will! Fuck me!"

Alex takes my stiff rod and directs it toward Lisa's cunt. She rotates the cockhead against Lisa's sopping pussy lips.

"Oh, that feels so good!" I drive into her drenched velvety vagina.

"Fuck her, Will, fuck her. She really wants it!"

I have no sooner started to fuck Lisa that she is coming, screaming her pleasure.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, Ahh! I'm coming again!"

Seeing Alex sucking on Lisa's nipples, feeling Lisa's gyrations under me along with her contracting cunt muscles pushes me over the edge. An extremely forceful climax pulses through my body as I unload stream after stream of semen deep into her vagina.

Lisa looks so relaxed after her multiple orgasms but Alex wants more. With Lisa looking at us resting on one elbow, I place two pillows under Alex' buttocks and kneel between her spread-out legs. My favorite pussy is beckoning. I stretch out to be more comfortable as my tongue licks up and down her attractive slit. I can see her sensitive clitoris sticking out of its hood waiting to be caressed and sucked. I press my mouth against her entire juicy cunt and come up sucking her swollen lips. Looking up, I see Lisa kissing Alex while massaging her elongated nipples. A long soft moan escapes Alex' lips as Lisa sucks and licks her large breasts and I do the same to her dripping pussy. I press my right hand just above her public hair and feel her first contractions as she starts her first orgasm. Both Lisa and I continue our ministrations until Alex climax again and again. By that time, my cock has become rock hard. I kneel between Alex' legs and enter her easily. I fuck her slowly and she responds in kind. Lisa plays with Alex' clit while masturbating herself rapidly with her other hand. Alex moves under me more and more hurriedly and Lisa's hand is a blur on her own cunt.

Suddenly, both women are coming as if their pussies have direct communication. Even though I had ejaculated a few minutes before, seeing these two gorgeous females in their state of agitation, I sense my orgasm build up and I accelerate my in and out movements in Alex' vagina. I feel an intense pleasure as semen erupts from my cock into my wife's smooth pussy. I collapse on her, and all three of us kiss and mingle our juices. 

After a while, the women ask me to stretch out on the bed and they take position on each side of me. They both cuddle up and I hold them close with a hand on each curvaceous buttock. Lisa and Alex pull a blanket over us and it isn't long before all three are sleeping.