 Thanks for the (mostly) positive responses to "Pledging the SUK Sorority" and for the suggestions I received for the remainder of the story. I always appreciate hearing from readers, hearing what you found "hot", and soliciting your ideas to incorporate into my stories.

To the one reader who was upset that I didn't "warn" him that this story wasn't complete in one installment – well, Ex-cuuuuuuuuuse me! Sorry, I thought most people would appreciate a story that didn't cram 11 blowjobs into a one-pager. Guess I screwed up. These stories take a lot of time and effort – and most people DO appreciate that. I haven't got a problem getting negative feedback, but if you haven't got the guts to sign your name and give me an e-mail address to respond to you, then please don't waste my time.

On the bright side – thanks to a special reader who has given me some great information about the situation we find "Laura" in. Look for her ideas to be incorporated into future episodes of the story.

Pledging the SUK Sorority – part 2 (of an undetermined number of parts)

The next man was led forward and positioned in front of Laura. His cock hung directly in front of her, full, swollen, but not fully erect. She could see it throbbing in time to his heartbeat, maybe a bit bigger than average, but with a prominent purple head that would soon be filling her mouth. The sister leading him pulled the black back off of his head. Laura had to consciously divert her eyes from his cock to look up at his face.

He was grinning wickedly down at her, and his cock immediately inflated to stand upright. 

"Ready to suck cock bitch?" he sneered. Laura ignored the comment, knowing this was the kind of jerk she'd tell to go fuck himself if he ever tried to pick her up. She tried to mentally disconnect his attitude from his cock, telling herself that this was a purely physical event. He was grasping the base of his cock now, directing it towards her mouth and reaching for her head with his other hand. She dutifully opened her mouth and allowed the jerk to shove his now-dripping cock roughly into her mouth.

"Oh Yeah! You sorority sluts give the best head!" he moaned out as he pumped his hips and grasped the sides of her head. 

Laura wondered how the sisters acting as handlers would determine if a guy was being too rough. Her hands were still tied behind her, so aside from a muffled cry, she wasn't sure how she could alert them – not that she wanted to give the asshole fucking her mouth that satisfaction. She noticed they had stepped a little closer to him, apparently aware that he was nearing the limit of how "assertive" he was allowed to be.

"Are you being a good little cum-swallower you little cocksucker?" he goaded her as he thrust his hips. "Been swallowing every drop so far you cum whore?"

His tempo was increasing now and he was breathing hard. Typical male jerk she thought – 2 minutes and he's out of gas – the kind of guy that would leave a girl high and dry and reaching for the vibrator in the nightstand.

She felt his cock swelling in her mouth, the head riding along the roof of her mouth now and she prepared for the torrent of cum her thoughtful sisters has arranged for her.

"Aurgh, yeah!" he moaned out, grabbing his cock by the base again and pulling it from her mouth. 

Laura was surprised and before she could regain her composure, he shot a hot stream of cum across her face. Her sisters also seemed stunned and unable to react immediately. 

His second burst caught mainly in the mouth, but also her chin and down her neck. He stroked and milked his cock, spraying the rest of his seed on her breasts.

He stood back and laughed, "You look good that way slut, covered in my cum."

"Sergeant at Arms!" the mistress of ceremonies called out.

A sister in a black satin robe strode from the shadows toward the man who had just cum in Laura's face and stood between him and Laura. 

"You have violated the agreement."

He sneered at her, "What are YOU gonna do about it bitch? Besides, I think the little slut looks better covered in cum."

She said only "take him."

From behind Amy, four figures emerged from the shadows. Male, shirtless, skin-tight satin pants, hooded – but differently than the men she was servicing. These hoods looked like ones that medieval executioners wore.

The surrounded the offender and took him firmly by the arms.

"The proceedings are hereby suspended," called out the mistress of ceremonies.

Laura started to object – it wasn't her fault that this jerk pulled out and came all over her. "Hey! Wait....." 

She was quickly hushed by Amy.

"Shhh – quiet."

"Dammit! This isn't fair, he...." Laura protested.

"Quiet! Don't worry, just listen." Amy hissed.

"The male has violated the terms of his contract and his actions will not affect the pledge's status," the Mistress of ceremonies announced, "attendants will please see to the pledge, the pledges sponsor will inform her of the procedure."

Two or three sisters descended on Laura with towels and washcloths, washing away the evidence of the facial she had just received. 

Amy helped her to her feet and whispered in her ear as she untied her wrists.

"OK – here's the deal," she nodded in the direction of the man who had just cum in her face, "his actions don't cause you to fail the test – it wasn't hour fault that you didn't swallow, so it doesn't count against you – that's the good news.

"The good news," Laura asked, "I guess that means there's bad news?"

Amy nodded, "Yup, it also doesn't count for you."

Laura looked puzzled.

"Your test was to service 11 guys and swallow their cum, you didn't swallow his, so it doesn't count toward the 11 you have to swallow."

"WHAT!?" Laura blurted.

"Shhh, shuttup," Amy hushed her, "that's the procedure, deal with it."

"But there was 11 guys, now I'm one short?" 

"Not exactly...."Amy trailed off.

Even as she said it, Laura could see that the door had opened across the room, and another hooded man had been brought in to stand in line awaiting his turn to be serviced.

"You're fuckin' kidding!" Laura whispered hoarsely, "Now I gotta do another guy?"

"'Fraid so kid – does that piss you off?" Amy grinned.

"Hell yeah, that jerk screwed me over with his macho bullshit – like getting a blowjob isn't enough, he has to go and cum all over me..."

"Hold that thought, I think you'll like what comes next in that case."

The Mistress of ceremonies spoke again.

"The Sergeant at Arms will attend to the contract breaker. The pledge will have right of first refusal."

Another sister walked slowly to the center of the room carrying a silver tray draped in red velvet. Two other pushed a fancy looking crate on wheels into the room. The crate was about 3 feet high and seemed to have upholstery on the top of it. The sisters stopped, and set brakes on the wheels of the crate.

Laura turned to Amy, "Right of first refusal? What is she talking about?"

Amy tried to keep a straight face, "The guy who just came all over you – he broke an agreement with the Sorority – they don't take very well to that, so he's gonna be punished. Usually, only a confirmed sister would be allowed to do that, but since you're the wronged party here, you are extended the right to do it."

"Do it? Do what?" Laura asked.

"Geez, I thought I sponsored a smart girl." Amy said, pointing over to the crate, "See that, it's a spanking horse." She pointed over to the sister with the silver tray. "See that, there's a paddle on that tray." She indicated the four executioners. "See them, they're gonna put Mr. Cum-shot over the spanking horse – get it?"

Laura though for a second.

"Lemme see if I understand this right," she begins, nodding at the guy who came all over her – who was now being dragged to the padded crate by the four executioners, "because this bozo decides he's gonna be a dick and cums all over me, I have to suck another guy's cock?

"Yep" 

"....and I have the option of paddling his bare ass while those 4 big guys hold him?"

"That's about the size of it."

Laura leaned close to Amy and whispered, "Am I being judged on whether or not I paddle him, or how hard I do it?"

Amy rolled her eyes.

"You're being judged on everything that you do. This guy cumming on you doesn't affect your petition, but how you respond to it does. I can't tell you what to do."

Laura thought for a second more.

"Tell your boss I'll do it."

Amy nodded to the Mistress of ceremonies.

"The pledge chooses to claim her right of retribution against the contract-breaker." Announced the head sister.

A hushed cheer filled the room.

The Mistress spoke again.

"Show the other males what happens to contract breakers."

The sisters supervising the nine men to be serviced pulled the hoods from their heads. They blinked and saw the contract-breaker securely held across the spanking bench by the 4 executioners.

"The pledge will administer the punishment for breaking a Sigma Upsilon Contract."

Amy gave Laura a nudge in the back, toward the sister with the draped silver tray, "Give him hell Laura," she whispered.

Laura walked slowly to the sister with the draped silver tray. She saw what looked like a classic frat paddle with the Greek letters that named the Sorority. She took the paddle from the tray and the sister holding it bowed and stepped back.

Laura hefted the paddle, it wasn't quite the old-fashioned frat paddle she's seen before. It was the same dimensions, except thinner and lighter. The handle was long enough to let her grip it with both hands. She ran her hand along the length of the surface, it was smooth. It seemed to be made of some modern composite material that was strong and rigid, but very light. She gripped it and gave it a test swing. Looking up, she noticed that all eyes were upon her. She had forgotten that she was naked except for the mask, but at the moment, payback was on her mind.

She leaned close to the contract-breaker's head and whispered to him: "Slut? Whore? Bitch? I guess it's time for you to eat those words Mr. Macho man."

"Go fuck yourself bitch!" he fairly spat at her.

Laura grinned, a little pleased that he had been nasty even now – she felt a little less mean about what she was about to do.

She stepped behind and off his left hip as the four "executioners" seized him more firmly and bent him fully over the spanking horse. His muscular ass was positioned perfectly for her to apply the paddle she held in her hands. Even though she wasn't hesitating intentionally, the Mistress of Ceremonies seemed to sneak a last-minute announcement in before she begain.

"See what the fate of contract breakers shall be at Sigma Upsilon Kappa shall be."

A robed sister opposite Laura produced a spray bottle and quickly misted the bare male bottom presented in front of her – the moisture would make each smack of the paddle sting even more. 

Laura could see that the SUK sorority took contracts very seriously, and she almost pushed the "revenge" aspect of her situation aside. She could see that in addition to satisfying her desire to make this macho asshole scream for her own pleasure, she owed a proper "penalty" to him for the breaking of a contract with the sorority.

She leaned close to his face as she whispered to him again: "No problem asshole – enjoy your paddling."

She stepped into position and squared off to her target. It was almost unbelievable that she was naked in a room full of her future sisters and half a dozen naked men. She eyed Mr. Macho's bare ass in front of her as she raised the paddle. She drew it back and gave it a swing.

"CRACK!"

She was surprised how fast the light composite paddle swung in her hands. She really hit hi much harder than she intended, but the stroke landed true and even though he stifled any outcry, she could tell from his body's reaction that her stroke had stung him good.

"SMACK!" She swung again, striking her target true and hard.

His muscular body bucked as the four strong executioners held him firmly.

Laura drew the paddle back again and lined up

"Crack!" The paddle found it's mark again – a stifled cry escaping the recipient's lips.

Laura grinned – she made it her goal to have him crying out freely before she considered her task complete.

"Smack!" the next blow fell on his reddening cheeks.

"FUCK!" he screamed out his anguish.

Laura grinned and tried not to gloat over the turn of events.

"Enjoy it Mr. Cumshot" she said quietly as she swung the paddle briskly.

"CRACK!!!"

"DAMN!!!!!!" He screamed as he thrashed helpless in the grip of the SUK executioners.

"Ready to apologize?" she asked him sweetly.

"FUCK YOU BITCH!" he screamed, sputtering and thrashing.

"Have it your way asshole," as she swung the paddle again - harder this time.

"Aurugh!" he groaned as his whole body convulsed with her stroke.

Laura kept going, waiting for a reason to stop.

She focused on the round globes of his muscular buttocks – and swung hard.

"Crack!" - "AAAAAAHHHHH!" he yelled, panting.

Laura waited for him to open a dialog – and swung again.

"SMACK!!!!" - "OOOOWWWWWWWW!!!!!" he screamed.

Laura almost felt sorry for the owner of the bright-red ass in front of her – as she swung the paddle hard again.

"CRACK!!!!!"

"AOAOAWWWWWW!" He moaned out and started whimpering.

Laura's heart softened and she gently asked, "anything you'd like to say?"

He sniffed as the tears dripped onto the waxed floor. Laura was about to draw the paddle back again.

"sorry" he croaked out.

"What was that?" she asked quietly.

"I'm SORRY!" he cried out, breaking into full sobs.

Laura almost started to cry herself, but blinked and straightened up. She turned to acknowledge the Mistress of Ceremonies – who nodded at her – and then turned to hold the paddle out to the sister who had held the tray.

Laura placed the paddle on the tray and walked as slowly as she could back to Amy and her former position. Her heart was pounding and she was short of breath. 

"I need a break," she panted to Amy, "really."

Amy whispered something to a sister next to her, who walked briskly to the Mistress of Ceremonies, who nodded back in Amy's direction.

"OK – come with me," Amy said, taking Laura by the hand, "I think you need to sit for a while."