 Surely there must be somewhere to stop around here, she said to herself. It seemed like she had been driving forever. She had friends who loved to drive, but she never understood it. Driving was only a method of getting from point A to point B. She knew where point A was, but had no idea where point B was.

She left Los Angeles in a fit of frustration. Nothing was going right. If one more person told her that she was lucky to have a job in this shitty economy she would scream at the top of her lungs. Yeah, I have a job, she thought. A job where I'm absolutely bored out of mind, with people that I don't care the least bit about. Her boss rebuffed her requests for more responsibility at every turn. Every hour, of every day, sitting at that desk, she thought about how much more she could contribute...somewhere else. But where?

And, let's not even talk about dating. There was no "Mr. Right" on any horizon. She signed up for the online dating services. Knew that there were scammers out there, but thought she'd be able to see one coming a mile away. Not so! Right out of the gate, scammed!!! To clarify, she's failed every relationship she's been in and can't even get lucky with online dating. Where is that knight in shining armor when you need him?

The pouring rain was getting worse. Pretty soon driving on the highway could be far too treacherous. 

Around the next corner she came upon an older building that resembled an old fashioned saloon. Fitting for these hills of Colorado. There were several pickup trucks in the parking lot. She had to stop now. It had been at least 30 to 40 minutes since she passed the last restaurant/gas station. 

There wasn't an "Open" sign anywhere, but she had to take the chance. Would they turn her away in such weather? The front door was unlocked. Once she entered it took her eyes a few seconds to adjust to the gloomy interior. A wave of apprehension washed over her. She was able to make out the silhouette of a very large man at one end of a very long bar. In the air was the smell of sawdust and fresh paint. A renovation was in progress.

He leisurely walked toward her. "Can I help you?" he asked. 

"Ah, I didn't think it was wise to be driving in this weather. I hope you don't mind that I came in. If you could direct me somewhere else that is close by I will go."

"What's the rush? You're welcome to stay here. We won't bite," he said with a sly smile. He continued walking toward her until he was about a foot away. In a soft whisper he said, "Or, at least I don't think we'll bite."

He introduced himself as John, who was about 6'2" and menacing looking -- especially with the tattoos running up the side of his neck. He was dressed in dirty overalls over a long-sleeved T-shirt. 

"What's your name, sweetheart?" John asked.

"Samantha."

Can we call you 'Sam'?" John asked as he extended his right hand. She grasped it firmly as she always did. Limp female handshakes were pathetic. Hopefully it sent a message to John that she was a strong, independent woman -- or was it clear that she was a little hesitant about staying?

John was very cordial, but Sam was still apprehensive. She asked if he had any coffee. She didn't really want coffee, but it seemed like a good ice breaker. John went around the far side of the bar where a large coffee maker was set up. He put a steaming cup of coffee on the bar for her. As she walked toward the bar she asked if he knew what the weather forecast was. John said 'we' had decided not to tempt fate and try to drive home as the weather service was predicting snow. Sam wasn't certain who 'we' were.

Snow? Great, now she would really be stranded. Her car was suited for LA traffic. Not Rocky Mountain snow conditions.

As John was trying to convince Samantha to play it safe and stay put, an incredibly handsome man emerged from the back of the building. He had what looked like rolled up floor plans in his hands. He stopped when he saw Samantha. 

Samantha caught her breath. He was one of the most handsome men she'd ever seen. She was certain that her panties were now soaked. 

"Trent, we have a visitor. Say 'hello' to Samantha," John stated as he sat down at the bar.

"Sam. You can call me Sam, not Samantha", she said to the handsome man who was slowly approaching her.

"I'm Trent. Welcome." He reached out and she shook his hand. He definitely appreciated the firm handshake. (Why are men always surprised when a woman actually shakes their hand?) "I heard John suggesting that you stay. I agree. The weather is getting much worse. We don't have a lot of amenities, but we do have lots of coffee."

"The owner wouldn't mind?" she asked.

Trent smiled, "I'm the owner and I wouldn't mind at all. Please, let me take your coat. It's on the cold side in here, but it's better than keeping that wet coat on." 

That prompted John to grab his coat and run out to their trucks. He came back with various things to make a long night more comfortable. There were blankets, a few lanterns, a portable radio and some snack food.

John handed Sam an extra sweater as he went past her. It was far too large for her, but it was chilly inside the building. It was a very kind gesture on his part.

"What do you say? Do you think it's time to get this old fireplace going?" Trent was starting to pile kindling and logs onto the grate. The chimney sweep had been in the week before, so he was confident that the chimney was clear and wouldn't cause any problems. John went out back and carried in some more wood. Trent moved a round table to a spot between the bar and the fireplace, nudged an old sofa closer to the fireplace, and added some more chairs between the table and the sofa. Trent covered the old sofa with a blanket and encouraged Sam to take a seat. John was busy rounding up all of the food they had and laid everything out on the bar. Bundled up in John's sweater, with a cup of coffee in her hand she quietly watched as the two men worked together.

"So, what's your story, Sam?" John asked.

"Not much of a story to tell. How about you guys? You seem to work well together. Have you known each other long?" Sam evaded the question. They explained that John was helping Trent renovate the restaurant/bar. John had a white collar job for years and finally decided to take Trent up on the offer to help him with the renovation and John declared he was the happiest he'd ever been. Building and creating with your own hands was something he couldn't do sitting behind a desk all day. It seemed that Trent had a real knack for reading people and he was glad he finally got John working with a hammer in hand. No doubt Trent was trying to get a read on Sam as he leaned against the fireplace mantle, all the while looking directly at Sam. She was starting to become uncomfortable under his scrutiny. To break the tension, she asked if they ever used the poker set that was sitting at the farthest end of the bar. They had found it in the storage room and thought it they might use it as decoration. So with little else to do, they dusted it off and took a seat at the table.

She knew some of the basics of poker and thought she'd give it a go. Hmmm...should she let on that she was a novice, or convince them that she knew nothing about poker? Trent got up and walked down the hallway to the back of the building. He returned quickly with a full bottle of whiskey. John got up and came back with some red Solo cups that were near the coffee machine. "Nothing but the best," John joked as he passed the cups around.

"None for me," Sam smiled. The guys tried to encourage her to change her mind, but she never acquired a taste for whiskey. Trent got up again and walked down the hallway. This time he returned with a bottle of Veuve Clicquot. Sam's favorite. How did he know? He smiled when he saw Sam's eye light up when she saw the orange label on the green bottle.

"Unfortunately it's not chilled and we don't have any ice," Trent warned. "If you'd like some warm champagne I'll open it for you." Sam responded by raising her red Solo cup in the air. "I was saving this for opening day, but now seems to be completely appropriate." 

Sam reached for her purse that was nearby. She extracted a dollar bill from her wallet and handed it to Trent. "There, you made your first sale. It's opening day. The hell with the Board of Health or whoever you need approval from." Trent smiled, nodded his thanks and then folded the dollar bill in half and tucked it into the front pocket of his jeans. He put the bottle of champagne outside the front door in an effort to chill it.

They played poker for what turned out to be several hours. John was pathetic. He'd lose his chips pretty quickly and then Sam or Trent would take sympathy on him and loan him a few chips. 

The radio played softly in the corner and the music was regularly interrupted for weather bulletins. It had started to snow and, at last check, there were at least ten inches of snow on the ground. That meant that the rain slicked roads would now be a sheet of ice under the snow. No one was going anywhere for a while. The temperature was expected to continue to fall, and the prediction was for at least a foot of snow per hour in some areas.

Sam had a suspicion that the guys had intended to head home before she showed up since they had big heavy pickups that looked like they could handle the terrain and the weather conditions. Did her showing up change their plans?

The whiskey bottle was not as full as it once was and Sam had made her way through the bottle of champagne. There was much laughter and light hearted teasing. Sam had let her guard down and was actually having fun. John suggested they play strip poker, but Trent told him that that was way too obvious and it would be John who would be sitting there buck naked long before the other two lost one piece of clothing. 

"You wouldn't want me to strip anyway boys," Sam sneered, assuming that being naked would lead to sex. That led to a chorus of "no's" and "what are you talking about?" Sam didn't mean to start a pity party, but she felt the need to explain to the men how inexperienced she was and she would let all of them down. She wouldn't know what to do with one naked man, let alone two naked men.

Trent, who was sitting to her right, took her hand, leaned over and looked her straight in the eye. "I don't think you could let anyone down. You are a beautiful, strong, self-confident woman. Any man would be lucky to have you."

Ah, ha! She had them fooled. It was really the alcohol talking when she explained to them that her sexual experience was very limited considering her age. You would expect, at her age, that she would be a woman who knew all about sex, but that wasn't the case. What she knew could fill up a post-it-note...a very small one.

Trent and John looked at each other and, it appeared, were both thinking the same thing. 

Trent, still holding Sam's hand, asked her if she thought she could trust them. When she asked what he meant by "trust", he elaborated. 

"Would you trust us to show you how we feel about you? Would you let us touch you and give you pleasure? It would be completely on your terms. You call all of the shots."

Even though her judgment was a little clouded from the champagne, she knew had suddenly arrived at Point B. This was it. This is what she was meant to find and discover. She did trust these two men. As she looked at both of them there was warmth in their eyes. It was as if they knew that she would bolt if she sensed the least bit of aggression. 

Was this a golden opportunity? Would she take advantage of it? Again she looked at Trent and then at John -- looking directly into each man's eyes. There was no perceived threat. Now it was time to lay the ground rules.

"Well, if I had my way, I would be very selfish," she blurted out. What the hell, might as well go for it. "I know I have a lot to learn and it's not that I'm unwilling to do a lot of things, it's just that... Well, it's just that," she paused again. Trent squeezed her hand gently and assured her that she didn't have to explain any further. To be clear, she said, "If this becomes overwhelming for me and I say "no", then I mean 'NO'. Understood? Agreed?" 

"Absolutely," Trent said. John nodded his agreement. "Are you a virgin, Sam?" asked John. She shook her head no and told him she just hadn't had much luck with men.

She was convinced that Trent knew what a big step this was for Sam. Trent bent forward and kissed Sam's hand before pulling her to her feet. "If you don't mind, I'd like to start. Sam, you can ask John to join in when you want. If I do anything to make you feel uncomfortable, just let me know."

This is it, she thought. Can I go through with this? Yes, I can!

She let Trent lead her the few feet to the area in front of the fireplace. He removed John's oversized sweater from her shoulders. Then he moved behind her and kissed her neck, from one ear to the other, lifting her hair up and away from her collar. When she leaned into him, he reached down and raised the hem of her loose sweater. He slowly moved it upward as he kissed her inch by inch; going up her spine, as more skin was exposed. Sam's mind was racing and thinking ahead to how disappointed they were going to be with her. Trent's uncanny perception came through as he told her, between kisses, how beautiful she was. She realized she had to live in the moment and worked hard to take in and appreciate what Trent was offering.

Once her sweater was off, he turned her around so that she was facing him. Before reaching for the clasp to her bra, he cupped her breasts and ran both thumbs over her now tightened nipples. They became even harder and there was a direct connection to Sam's pussy. There would be no mistaking that she was ready when they got to that point. Trent leaned over and kissed her neck and slowly worked his way down to the area of her breasts just above her bra.

Sam was starting to squirm. Oh how she wanted this handsome man to enter her as quickly as possible. But since no one had ever taken the time to kiss her like this before, she didn't want to miss the opportunity. Not a minute more went by before Trent unhooked her bra. Sam's first instinct was to cover her breasts with both hands. Trent took both hands in his and put them around his neck before he moved his head lower and took one nipple in his mouth. It was as if someone had turned on a high voltage connection from Sam's nipple to her pussy. It was agony to hold off as long as possible, but ecstasy in what she was feeling right now. With her head flung back and her eyes closed, she almost hit the ceiling when she felt a second mouth latch onto the other nipple. Oh my God, the sensation was incredible. Was it possible to have an orgasm standing up like this, with two men driving her crazy?

John looked up at her and said, "I'm sorry, but I couldn't resist. You're beautiful." Sam had been running her fingers through Trent's hair, but now she had a hand on each man's head, keeping them both close. Trent reached down and undid the top button of Sam's jeans. His pace was very slow and relaxed. Sam really wanted someone inside her now! Trent left her breast and started kissing her stomach, down toward her waist. The closer he got her jeans his pace slowed even more. All the while, John was sucking on one nipple and rolling the other nipple with his fingers. Sam's nipples were ultra-sensitive and John was keeping them hard with his warm mouth and calloused hands. 

Trent unzipped Sam's jeans and was about to push them down and off of her hips, but before he did, he looked up to ask Sam if she was okay, but there was no need. Sam's head was thrown back, her eyes were closed and she was clearly enjoying John's touch. Slowly Trent lowered her jeans. He uncovered her plain white cotton boy shorts underwear. It was a utilitarian as her plain white cotton bra. She was certainly not used to dressing to impress a lover. 

When Sam's jeans were pooled on the floor, Trent bent over, picked Sam up and carried her over to the sofa. John followed and returned to squeezing and sucking her breasts. Trent knew that removing Sam's underwear was going to be a huge step for her. This time he paused and didn't touch her. After a few seconds she opened her eyes and looked at Trent.

"Please! Please, Trent..."

That was all he needed. He started to slowly pull them down. Sam lifted her hips. Kneeling beside her, John stopped what he was doing and sat back on his heels. He looked at Sam from head to toe and simply said, "Beautiful." And Sam felt beautiful. And safe. Neither man had removed any of their clothes. John definitely had a bulge in his pants. Trent was now bent over kissing the top of her feet, so Sam couldn't tell if he was aroused, but hoped that he was.

John leaned forward and started kissing her stomach on the way to her pussy. Trent was moving in that direction as well. Sam didn't know what was going to happen when they met in the "middle", but she was absolutely dying for someone to pay attention to her clit and to fuck her hard. With her past lovers she was rarely satisfied. These two men were arousing her beyond belief. She was anticipating that each would fill her completely. But each man was taking his time and the wait was excruciating. John was kissing her near her naval while one hand was squeezing her breast; the other was underneath of her, caressing her lower back. 

Trent had worked his way up to the top of her thighs. He sensed that Sam was doing everything she could to make this last, so he tried to accommodate her. Instead of using his mouth or fingers on her clit, he blew on it instead. She shuddered. Another small, but glorious orgasm washed over Sam. After a few moments, Trent parted her slick lips and started sucking on her clit. Sam moved her hips up to encourage Trent to continue what he was doing. He licked and sucked and sucked and licked her lips and clit fast, but tenderly. Sam was writhing underneath him. Then he stopped and moved away from her. Sam moaned loudly. As quickly as Trent stopped, John moved down Sam's body and ran his fingers over her clit and inserted two fingers into her pussy. He found her G-spot very quickly and was moving his fingers in and out rhythmically. With his other hand, he pushed the folds aside and methodically licked her from her pussy to her clit and back again. Trent had moved to the other end of the sofa and was kissing Sam deeply while fondling her breasts. John gradually increased the speed of his fingers and his tongue. Sam was very close to coming; just a little bit more would put her over the edge. John pulled his fingers out and moved away from her, leaving her wanting more. She pulled her head away from Trent's kisses long enough to beg John not to stop. So, he entered her again, only this time, he used three fingers. She was tight and he wanted to open her up a bit for Trent's or his cock. He resumed licking and sucking her clit with much more intensity and finger fucking her faster. Sam body shuddered with yet another orgasm. 

Sam was feeling a bit overwhelmed and asked the men to give her a minute. Her body felt more alive than it ever did before, and that was a fantastic feeling. She pulled Trent's head down so she could kiss him. John was sitting on the floor near her feet.

"Please fuck me," she whispered. Neither man moved or acknowledged her request. She repeated herself, louder this time. They still didn't move. Now she almost shouted and they both smiled at her.

"Do you care which one of us goes first?" John asked. Sam said she didn't care, as long as one of them entered her quickly.

That request seemed to fall on deaf ears. Both men, still fully clothed, turned away from her. The fire was dwindling, so John put two more logs on the fire. Trent was almost completely undressed by the time John was done tending the fire. Sam could only stare in amazement when Trent's cock was freed from his boxers. He was at least 8" long and extremely thick. And, he had a hairy chest, which Sam loved.
