 James said he really liked what I had done with the place. He studied my oil painting, Jesus the Desperado on the far wall.

"Are you Catholic?" he asked.

"Sort of," I said.

James sighed and shook his head ever so slightly. "I'm gay," he said, "is that going to be a problem?"

"Federal law prohibits discrimination based on race, age, or sexual orientation." I said matter-of-factly.

"Yes that's all very well, but we are going to be sharing living space. I don't want to live where I am unwelcome."

"Honestly," I replied, "as long as your checks clear, you don't make too much noise, and you clean up after yourself, I don't care what you do."

James smiled and wrote a check for the security deposit.

A rather fit gentleman named Alonzo help James move his stuff into the spare bedroom. That night, I could hear the muffled sounds of James plundering Alonzo's asshole through the walls. They finished before midnight so I thought nothing of it.

The following morning, I awoke a little earlier than James and his guest. As I grilled bacon and prepared blueberry pancakes, a completely naked James walked rather nonchalantly into the living room. Alonzo followed shortly afterward, also without clothes. I caught myself staring. The two men were extremely fit. Bulging muscles gleamed underneath tanned hairless skin. There was hardly any fat on them, and their cocks were huge.

"I made breakfast," I said, diverting my eyes upward.

Neither men bothered to dress before sitting down at the breakfast table. I shuffled food on their plates and coffee in their cups trying to distract myself in a flurry of activity. I darting in and out of the kitchen making as many trips as possible. However, every time I looked down, I found myself staring at the two long, girthy limp cocks. I didn't completely understand what was coming over me. I was as straight as a guy could be. Perhaps my eyes were drawn to the two monsters simply by gravitation. They were that big.

"Hey, who's the hot guy in that picture on the fridge?" Alonzo asked, looking over my shoulder.

"That's me," I said.

"Really?" said James.

The two men scrambled into the kitchen to get a closer look.

"When was this photo taken?" Alonzo asked.

"Last summer at the USMS Open Water Swimming State Championship." I explained. "I had just got out of the water and was running the remaining thirty or so yards to the finish line. Won my age group."

"He's got some good cuts." James said approvingly, "You definitely got a swimmer's body."

"Could use a little more mass." Alonzo said. "Nothing that some heavy sets couldn't cure."

"Weight lifting is not my thing." I said.

Alonzo pointed at the small bulge at the front of my speedo and snickered, "Definitely could use more mass."

"The water was cold." I said, sounding rather whiny.

"Sure it was." James said chuckling.

Unconsciously, my gaze dropped downward again. How I wanted one of those monster cocks to hang down between my own two legs. I became aware that the room had been silent for a while and that my study session had been protracted. When I looked up, the two men were grinning.

"You can touch them if you want." Alonzo said.

Blushing I said, "no, I like tits."

"But apparently you like cocks too. That's okay. I'm not going to judge you. You're doing yourself a disservice pretending otherwise. Come on, touch it! You know you want to."

I stammered and blushed.

James came to my rescue. "Maybe he likes cocks, but he likes tits more."

"We should keep that in mind." Alonzo said.

The two men returned to their pancakes.

James wanted to throw himself a house warming party. I gave my approval, explaining he needed to warn the neighbors and keep the guest list reasonably small. In the end, at least fifty people showed up. When I confronted James about the ever growing crowd, he was dumbfounded. He honestly thought fifty was a small party. I decided not to press the issue any further.

The music was good, a lot of electro pop from the 80s. The guests were passing around a half dozen or so bottles of wine. Most were excellent and it wasn't long before I found myself sitting on the sofa, my head swimming.

I enjoyed myself, but I felt shy and didn't manage much conversation. The majority of the guests were stylishly dressed men, probably all gay. There were a few very unstylish women who were probably lesbians. There were a handful of straight couples as well. There were two rather hot women talking to Alonzo. They had his undivided attention. Periodically, the three would glance over at me, and I would look away so they wouldn't know I was gawking.

One latecomer at the party really didn't seem to fit in. He was thin and wore faded moth eaten clothes. His hair was greasy. He had a face full of pimples, and he wore a scraggly poorly kept beard. He sat by himself and made no effort to talk to anyone. His gaze wandered deliberately as he studied his surroundings. He judged my painting of Jesus the Desperado. He stared at my guests, taking in every detail. He even stared at me, and made no effort to look away when I made eye contact. It was getting very unnerving, and I was about to get up and confront the guy when a feminine voice asked, "hey, can we sit here?"

I looked up and quickly forgot about the creepy guy in the corner. The voice belonged to a rather curvaceous woman in a short tight dress. She was on the short side. Through the sheer fabric of her dress, I could make out a black bra gathering up two large shapely breasts, them together and restraining them into an impressively distracting cleavage. Her eyes were deep blue, and her blond hair had been cropped short and styled into spikes.

To her left and slightly behind her stood a tall brunette with high cheek bones. She wore small rectangular glasses which gave her a bookish look. Her dark hair had been pulled back into a pony tail. She wore a tight black shirt which made no effort to hide small but firm tits. Her arms were lean but muscular. She wore dark blue jeans that were a little on the baggy side. I recognized the pair as the women who had been talking to Alonzo previously.

"Sure," I said. I scooted over towards the end of the couch. The blond turned around to sit, revealing a broad but rather firm ass.

"I've never seen you around?" The blond asked. "Who do you know here?

"I live here." I explained.

"Oh your James's new roommate?" The brunette said. "Alonzo said you were a nice guy, but perhaps a little awkward and on the nerdy side."

"Yeah, that's me." I said. There was no point in pretending otherwise.

The blond laughed. "It's good to know your place."

We made small talk. The blond was named Terra and the brunette Jadis. They informed me that James and Alonzo were very popular and very much leaders in the local LGBT community. Both women worked as insurance underwriters, which, it turns out, is well paid but very boring work.

"We just live for these parties." Jadis said.

"Yeah, they're a great escape from the monotony of the work week." Terra agreed.

"Sometimes you just need to blow off some steam." I said, trying to sound insightful. So overzealous, and my tone so geeky, the comment came across as completely insincerity. The truth of the matter was that I rarely developed any steam that needed blowing off. My life was pretty cush. The two women saw through me quite easily and started laughing, cackling even. Embarrassed, I turned away.

"Don't be embarrassed," Terra said. "I think it's cute that you're making an effort to fit in."

"You do?"

"Yeah, Terra just loves a big geek." Jadis said.

"What about you?" I asked.

Jadis shrugged her shoulders as if she could care less. "Me? I'm just along for the ride."

"Hey, I think that creepy guy just sneaked into your room." Terra said. "He's been gawking at us the whole time."

Indeed, the door to my bedroom was open where it has been closed previously to deter unwelcome guests from wander in and fornicating on my bed or otherwise soiling my sheets.

"Do you know him?" I asked.

"He seems so out of place. I thought he was with you." Jadis said.

"I don't know him." I said.

"I don't think anyone here knows him." Terra said.

"I'm going to get rid of him."

In my bedroom, the creepy guy was fingering a photo of my dearly departed cat that I kept on the night stand.

"What are you doing here?" I snapped.

Surprised, the creepy guy jumped.

"I was just using the bathroom." The guy said, his beady rat eyes shifted suspiciously.

"No, you need to use the bathroom near the foyer." I said. "Better yet, why don't you use the bathroom at someone else's party."

"Huh?"

"You heard me, leave!" I barked.

The guy complied, but not without giving me a hateful sneer.

"Wow, you showed him!" Terra said, half mockingly. The pair were lingering in the doorway and had witnessed the entire encounter. Jadis had plugged her nose as the guy walked by.

"Wow, you were so assertive," Terra joked.

"Yes, very manly," Jadis agreed, insincerely.

"Yeah, I bet we'll never see him again." Terra said.

"Or smell him." said Jadis.

"Stop you two," I said, "you're going to hurt my feelings."

"Oh did we hurt your feelings." Terra said teasingly, "that is so sad."

Jadis quickly grew bored of the gamesmanship and asked, "hey do you want to smoke some pot?"

"Yeah okay," I agreed, hesitantly, "but you better close the door."

The door closed and locked, Terra said, "this stuff kind of stinks so we better let some air in." I watched from behind as she hoisted the window upwards. The sides of her massive breasts protruded outward beyond the contours of her narrow ribcage.

Jadis produced a small bag of dry green leafy material from her purse and expertly rolled a joint. She lit the end and took a long drag.

"Is this the kind of stuff that makes you really paranoid?" I asked, making no effort at this point to hide my timid, inner geek.

"No, it's schwag weed from the Delaware." Jadis said, "pretty weak."

"Yeah, but it's got these other cannabinoids in it other than THC." Terra explained. "Makes you horny."

"Makes you horny, maybe." Jadis said.

"I am always horny." Terra said.

"Ain't that the truth," Jadis agreed.

The evening was rapidly developing a rather surreal quality. I wasn't exactly the type to end up in a bedroom alone with two hot women in the presence of an illicit substance amid overt proclamations of sexual arousal. I was fairly convinced that, wherever this evening was headed, I was bound to do something stupid and completely blow it and end up alone, or, equally likely, I would wake up the next morning in a tube of ice with both my kidneys gone. However, circumstances being what they were, I was eager to play along. Terra seemed unbothered if not somewhat enamored by my innate geekiness, and kidneys were overrated.

Jadis took another deep drag and passed the reefer to Terra. Terra inhaled and passed the refer back to Jadis.

"Helps if you hold it in for a while," Jadis said, and then took another deep drag.

She handed the reefer back to Terra. Terra took a deep drag and held it in. I was getting overlooked. As if reading my mind, Jadis said, "what about him?"

Terra planted her lips on mine and exhaled into my mouth. I took in as deep a breath as I could. Terra's tongue followed the vapors, but I had to push her away as I was quickly overwhelmed by a spasm of harsh and loud coughing. It was about the least sexy thing I could have done. Both of the women laughed.

When I recovered, Terra stuck her tongue back into my mouth. Jadis returned to performing fellatio on the reefer.

Terra came up for air, and Jadis offered her the joint. Their eyes met. Terra pushed the offer aside and grabbed the back of Jadis's head. She kissed her friend passionately on the lips. Jadis made no effort to struggle. She didn't even seem surprised. They had done this sort of thing many times before.

I took a second drag off the reefer, this time without the help of Terra's exhalation. I was definitely starting to feel some effects. My mouth was dry, and I seemed to notice every tiny detail of every single thing I observed: the small black dot on the picture frame of my dearly departed cat; the scratch on the left lens of Jadis's glasses; the lipstick smears on Jadis's cheeks and chin; the fullness and perfect symmetry of Terra's breasts; the laciness of her bra; the slight fray in the fabric of her dress by her cleavage.

"You know, Terra, he's totally checking out your tits."

"Sorry," I said.

I plunged my vision into the nearest sea of blackness, which, of course, turned out to be Jadis's tight shirt. As it turns out, there were small swells in the sea of blackness.

"Now he's looking at my tits."

"Sorry," I said again.

Terra giggled.

I searched for a more appropriate location to park my eyes. I was thirsty and needed a drink of water, but for some reason the thought of getting up to pour a glass seemed like an unconquerable task. The faucet in the bathroom seemed miles away. I just sat there and thought about water and wondered if there was an easy way to get some. There must be water nearby, I thought, and started searching for some. Tiny beads of sweat emerged from the pores of Terra's pale flawless skin. The tiny beads coalesced into small ponds. The small ponds overflowed into a stream. Streams became tributaries to a river. The river flowed into a deep valley.

"It's okay," Terra said. "You can look at my tits. I hear they are very nice."

"Man it's getting hot in here." Jadis said.

Indeed, with the window open we were letting in the hot air from outside, and we were sweating like pigs.

"I can turn on the AC?" I said.

"No, I have a better idea." Terra said. She stood up and lifted her dress up over her head. Her stomach was pale but taught. She had black panties that matched her bra. She had a tiny bulge in the front where her pussy lips pushed out slightly. I loved droopy, meaty pussy lips.

Somehow, my shirt was off. I cannot recall removing it. Perhaps Terra had helped me, or maybe Jadis. Jadis was poking something into my stomach.

"Check out his abs," Jadis said. She had lodged the reefer into a crevice of my six pack.

"Very nice." Terra agreed

Jadis unbuttoned her shirt and took off her bra. Her ribs protruded faintly. She had small perky tits. Her dark brown areolas extended only slightly beyond the base of her long pokey nipples. Uninhibited, and without thinking, I took one into my mouth and slurped noisily.

"Oh you slut," Terra said, jokingly. "I saw him first."

"You like us both, don't you babe?" Jadis asked me.

"Aarmmf," I said, which was really an "uh-huh" that was muffled because I couldn't find the motivation to take my mouth off of Jadis's tit.

"Check these out, nerd boy," Terra said. She reached back and undid the clasp to her bra. Unrestrained, her tits spilled out downwards and to the sides. They sagged ever so slightly, just enough to let you know they were one hundred percent natural. Perhaps it was just the effects of the marijuana, but at that point in time Terra's tits seemed like the most magnificent things in the universe. Jadis's were a distant second.

"Terra asked. "Do you like them?"

I answered in the affirmative.

Terra straddled my lap and kissed me hard on the lips. I cupped her massive breasts in my hands. They seemed so heavy. I wondered if they hurt her back. I moved my lips down onto her chin, her neck, the top of a breast, her broad pale areola. Her nipples stiffed, and I bit one gently. Terra gasped and forced her nipple deeper into my mouth so that I had no other recourse but to suck it.

Feeling neglected, Jadis said quite abruptly, "let's suck his cock!"

Terra pushed my face off of her tit. "Yeah, good idea."

I stood up, and the two ladies pulled down my underwear. I had a stiffy, but I wasn't fully erect.

"Does that thing get any bigger?" Jadis said crassly, making no effort to hide her disappointment.

Erect, my cock is five and half inches long and just over four and a half inches around. I knew this because I measured it obsessively. The truth of the matter is that my cock was about as average as a cock could get when I compared it to statistical averages. However, like most guys, I wanted it to be bigger, to be exceptional. Jadis's comments stung hard. My cock drooped.

"Oh don't listen to her," Terra said, "I think it's plenty big."

Jadis scoffed.

"To you, all cocks seem small," Terra snapped.

"Yeah, well to you, all cocks seem big," Jadis responded.

"Don't fight," I said pleadingly. It would be terrible if things ended right then and there with the two woman storming out amid my droopy cock.

Terra cupped my balls in her hand and wrapped her lips around the head of my cock. In an instant, I was as hard as a rock. She made a wet sucking noise and took half my length into her mouth. She withdrew her head and saliva streamed down my ball sack and dripped onto the floor. She flicked the end of her tongue against the soft sensitive skin at the bottom surface of my shaft. It was exhilarating.

"Let me try," Jadis whined.

Terra shifted aside. Jadis bit my cock head gently with her front teeth. It hurt, but in a good way. She lurched forward and took me all the way down her throat. I could feel the tip of her tongue touching my ball sack. I gasped.

Jadis drew her head back. A trail of spittle bridged the air between her lips and my swollen purple dick head. "The smaller ones are easy to deep throat." She boasted. I was way too aroused to protest my averageness.

Terra kissed Jadis on the lips, and then returned her attention to me. Holding the base of my cock in the circle of her thumb and finger, she swallowed my cock completely. Terra's tongue was rougher than Jadis's.

"Who's better at sucking cock?" Jadis asked.

With my cock in her mouth, Terra looked at me imploringly. Clearly there was a type of rivalry going on between the two women. It had probably been simmering for months if not years. In reality, both women had comparable blow job skills, but the answer came quickly. I picked the woman who seemed to like me more. "Terra," I said.

Terra took my cock out of her mouth and gloated. "Told you," she said to her friend.

Jadis looked genuinely pissed. "Liar!" she shouted, and slapped my cock hard with an open hand.

Although not severe, the pain was startling. I nearly fell over. Flailing wildly, I knocked the picture of my dearly departed cat off the night stand.

Terra picked it up. "Oh look at the cute little kitty," she said adorningly. "Is he hiding somewhere?" She peeked under the bed.

"No he died," I said. My stinging cock was starting to sag again.

Jadis took the photo from her friend, studied it, and put it back on the night stand. "You like the pussy?" she said vulgarly. "What about the ass? You ever fuck a girl in the ass?"

"No, I can't say I have."

"But you want to, don't you? Nothing would please you more than bending Terra over and fucking her in her fat ass?"

My innate awkwardness caused me to stammer. I was conflicted by a desire to answer in the affirmative, the need to seek validation first, and the obligation to defend Terra's ass as muscular rather than fat. As if reading my mind, Terra piped up, "I'd be down with that. But he's got to give me oral first."

"You give good oral, geek boy?" Jadis asked.

"I'm all right." I said.

Terra stood up so I could help her with her panties. I had to crouch down low to get them down over past her ankles. When I looked up, something was amiss. Terra's crotch had been shaved smooth, which was a plus, but her pussy lips didn't look right. They seem rounded inward, and I couldn't find the glistening slit that normally divided them. Her clit was abnormally large. Startled, I suddenly realized that my face was inches away from a small set of cock and balls.
