 Sara was in the kitchen washing up when her husband, John, came downstairs finishing a call on his mobile.

"Who was that on the phone hun?" Sara asked him.

"Oh, it was Clarke from work, trying to organise a poker night. I said we could do it around here if you don't mind."

She was more than happy for John to have his mate's round, after all she had enough night's in (and out) with the girl's and he worked long hours, barely getting a rest at the weekend so she thought it would do him the world of good to relax properly once in a while. That said, she wasn't overly keen about having her house full of men; drinking, smoking and talking about women all night. John promised her it wouldn't be an issue and he wouldn't let it get out of hand. He did have one big favour to ask her though. A new guy had started at the office about a month before, in his mid twenties and was a proper player. Thought he could have any girl he wanted and had already fucked one of the young cleaners and one of the top bosses PA's, so he was probably right. John suggested that it would be fun if Sara could wind him up a little throughout the evening, maybe even openly flirt with him, before leaving him hanging and sending him on his way. Sara wasn't entirely sure that it sounded like a good idea.

"I'm probably about ten years older than this fella, why on earth would he want me flirting with him?" Sara asked.

"Because he thinks he can fuck anyone and everyone and because you are hot," John replied.

"To you maybe,"

"Are you kidding? Several of my mates say how lucky I am."

"Oh yeah, like who?" Sara asked.

"I'm not telling you that," John laughed in reply.

He was right though, for a 34 year old woman, Sara was hot. Long dark wavy hair, beautiful firm tits and arse that John could stare at all night, and get to fuck when Sara was in a really naughty mood.

"Anyway, I don't think it's such a good idea," Sara said.

"It's only a bit of fun, we just want to put him in his place, I'm not actually expecting you to sleep with him."

After a bit more persuasion Sara agreed to play along. It was agreed that she would be the waitress for the evening and play Bob, whilst all the other's were in on the joke.

When the poker night finally came around, Sara dressed herself sexily, with a hint of slutiness, without going overboard. She wore a shortish skirt with stockings underneath, that would catch the eye if she bent over. She also put on a low cut top with a push up bra to show a nice bit cleavage. Her hair was tied back in a long pony tail.

"Fuck, you look gorgeous," commented John when he walked into their bedroom from the shower. "I want to bend you over and take you now."

"I can see that," Sara giggled as she saw his cock standing to full attention underneath his towel.

Sara walked over to John and pulled his towel away so he was standing stark naked. She was already beginning to feel she was into her role. Sara took hold of John's cock and started to stroke it very slowly. John let out a small moan and as she worked her hand up and down his six inch length.

"Would you like me to make you cum?" she purred.

"Yes please," John groaned, "you look so fucking hot right now,"

"Isn't that how you want me for Bob?" she teased.

Seeing how sexy his wife looked right now, John wasn't entirely sure it was such a good idea, Bob would surely think she was hot as well, but then again she was right, that was the idea. He trusted his wife though to go ahead with the plan, although right now that wasn't really on his mind. Sara dropped to her knees, still grasping tight on his rigid member. His cock was now staring her right in the face. She opened up her mouth, which was painted with a very dark red lipstick and took it in. She sucked on his helmet, tasting the familiar saltiness of his pre cum. John stood still, watching his wife blow him, savouring every moment as she greedily slurped and sucked him off. He couldn't hold on. His balls were tightening as Sara played with them whilst continuing to suck and wank on his cock. It was too much for John when she slipped her hand a little higher and began to probe at his back entrance. At the point that she pushed the tip of her finger into his arse opening, John let out a big moan and Sara took a full shot of cum deep into her mouth swallowing it straight down. She continued to beat out a rhythm on John's cock until she had taken his whole load down. John could barely stand now, but did his best as Sara drained every last drop of his juice down her throat. She felt John relax as his orgasm subsided.

"Fuck hun, that was so good," he said as fell back onto the bed.

"Right, well enough of that. Get yourself ready your mates will be here soon and if you're a really good boy I might let you have a piece of this later," she said as bent over to put her shoes on, showing her arse off with a skimpy pink thong riding high up it.

"Jeez, I can't fucking wait for that," John groaned staring at his wife's backside.

Sara left John to get ready and went downstairs to make sure everything was prepared for their poker night. Beer, spirits and snacks aplenty were setup in the kitchen just next to the dining room where the men would be playing. John eventually came downstairs and made sure everything was ready for the game. At 7.30 his friends began to arrive. Clarke was the first to turn up, followed by Keith, Jim and Grant. Sara knew all these guys and gave each of them a hug as they arrived, each in turn eyeing her up in surprise at how good she was looking. All of them were apparently in on the joke to wind up Bob. The men waited in the dining room, drinking and chatting, whilst they waited for the final arrival. The doorbell went and Sara trotted down the hall to answer it, ready to put her plan into action. Now what John had omitted to tell Sara, as she opened the door wide, was what Bob actually looked like. Sara almost went weak at the knees when she saw the hunk in front of her. Bob must have been around six foot, well built, shaggy brown hair and looks to die for. He smiled as Sara stood staring at him. She quickly regained her composure, noticing also how he was staring at her.

"You must be Sara," Bob said with a smile.

"Er yes," Sara stammered.

"I'm Bob," he said offering her his hand.

"Of course, come in," she replied shaking his hand, which felt a bit odd conisdering all the other's had got a peck on the cheek.

Bob followed Sara down to hall and into the dining room. Sara went into the kitchen to get him a beer. John quickly appeared.

"Bloody hell John, you could have told me he was so hot," she blurted out.

"Sorry, didn't think it mattered. Either way, he's a ladies man and he knows it, so we want you to put him in his place. Oh and he's already mentioned how lucky I am. Get to work and show him he can't have everything he wants."

Sara got hold of herself and took on her role well. As the night went on, she could tell that Bob behaved with an air of arrogance and could hear him talking about his conquests at work and how he was now planning his next move on one of the directors who was in her fifties.

"If I can get in her pants, I'll be right up the ladder," she heard him say.

John was right, this guy really did think a lot of himself, good looking or not. Sara continued to ply the men with drinks and snacks, taking every opportunity to show a bit of herself off as she leant over the table. At one point she turned to go and felt a smack on her backside. She let out a little yelp. Unsurprisingly it was Bob.

"Proper little cracker you've got there Johnny boy, no wonder you look tired all the time," she heard him say, followed by a big laugh. He was really starting to get to her.

Sara had gone into the kitchen when she heard Bob ask John where the toilet was. He guided Bob through the kitchen to the downstairs loo in the utility room. Sara had her back to Bob as he came in and felt him creep up behind her. She knew the others would not be able to see around the corner.

"So, just how did Johnny manage to find a sexy woman like you?" he whispered into her ear as got a little too close behind her. 

Time to up her game. Sara carefully undid a button on her blouse to reveal more of her bra and cleavage and turned around, with some difficulty as Bob was right behind her, to face him.

"Do you think I could have done better then?" she said with a pout.

"Johnny's a top boy, but you seem way out of his league," Bob replied.

"Would I be good enough for you?" she asked fluttering her eyelids, feeling a bit of a fool as she did so.

"More than good enough, I love an experienced woman."

Bob leaned forward. Was he about to try and kiss her? Sara pushed him back.

"Forget it, there's only one man that's going to have this," she said pointing at her pussy, "and it certainly isn't you."

"Whoah," Bob said stepping back, "what's all this about you little prick tease? You've been giving me the come on all night"

Sara did the button back up on her blouse.

"You really think my husband was going to invite you into his house and have you fuck his wife?" she snarled at him.

"Shit, I'm sorry, but I've not done anything, you were the one flirting with me," he genuinely did look sorry and Sara felt a pang of guilt.

"Look, the guy's are fed up of you bragging about your conquests and treating women like dirt, they just wanted to teach you a lesson that was all."

"Ha, it'll take more than that," he said, suddenly back to his arrogant self, "well if you do fancy a bit of a change sometime let me know." Then he was off to the toilet before going back to the game of poker.

Sara was furious, as much with John as with Bob, for getting her into this in the first place. Bob was a good looking guy, but yes, definitely full of himself. Was it all just an act though, he had seemed hurt when she had a go at him. She'd had enough of the little game and decided to retire upstairs and watch TV. John appeared just as she was about to leave the kitchen.

"Everything all right hun?" he asked.

"No, it is not all right, I'm going to bed. You can continue your game and get your own drinks."

John looked puzzled, but didn't push it.

An hour or so later, John appeared in the bedroom. Sara had changed into a nightie, but kept her little thong on. She wasn't happy with John for making her wind Bob up, but by the same token it had got her aroused, so if he apologised it wouldn't all be wasted. When she saw him though she realised that even if he did apologise he was in no fit state for anything else. Clearly they had moved on to the whisky.

"Good game," she said flatly.

"Er yeah, I think so." He said slurring his words. "Look I'm sorry about earlier, you should have said it would make you uncomfortable."

John flopped down on the bed and she knew he would stay right where he was until morning.

"Oh, a couple of the guy's are staying over. Clarke's in the spare room and Bob is downstairs, I think he's watching the football or something." 

A minute later John was completely out cold. Whatever it was that Bob was watching, the TV was on very loudly. Sara put the cover over John and tried to go to sleep. She tossed and turned but could not drift off due to the sound of the TV downstairs. 

"For fuck's sake," she said to herself.

Sara threw her dressing gown on over her nightie and crept downstairs. The TV was on, but it wasn't football, it was one of those late night TV chat channels where a couple of girls, with their rather large breasts on show, were chatting away to no-one in particular by the look of it. Sara walked over to the TV and turned it off. She then turned to face the sofa and saw Bob there fast asleep, trousers half way down his legs and the most enormous semi erect cock in his hand. What the fuck? Not only had he come into his workmate's house and tried it on with his wife, he was now crashed out on their sofa watching porn on the TV and having a wank. Or at least had tried to have a wank, he had obviously fallen asleep in the middle of it. Suddenly she saw an opportunity. Sara sneaked into the kitchen and took her phone out of her handbag. She quietly went back into the lounge and took a couple of pictures of Bob lying there asleep, cock in hand. This should wipe the arrogant grin off his face she thought if John shows this around work, but then again he'd probably enjoy it. She didn't quite know why, but she continued to stand there staring at his cock, it really was far bigger than any she had ever seen. She was so caught up in her own thoughts she didn't realise Bob had woken up.

"Impressed?" he asked.

"What? Oh... Oh shit..."

Bob laughed. "Hey don't worry, many a lady has been impressed by this," he said pointing his cock at her.

"I'm going back to bed," said said, and turned to go.

"Hey wait," Bob called after her in a loud whisper.

Sara didn't know why, but she stopped and turned to face Bob who had now stood up. She noticed that his cock had hardened but wasn't fully erect as yet. Christ, it was massive. Again she found herself staring.

"Now, as you've been taking photos of it, perhaps you'd like to experience it in the flesh."

"I didn't ta..." Sara let the words drop as Bob grinned at her.

"Keep the pictures, I'm sure they were really for your own use anyway," he said with a smile. 

"Come on, I bet you've never experienced one this size have you. Johnny Boy won't ever know, he's probably dead to the world."

Sara knew this was madness but she couldn't keep her eyes off his member. She was sure that in both length and thickness it was almost twice the size of her husbands. She couldn't even imagine how it would fit inside of her, but had a feeling she was soon going to find out. Bob gently took hold of Sara and sat her down next to him on the sofa.

"I really shouldn't be do..."

"Shush," said Bob quietly.

He leaned over and kissed Sara very softly on the lips. She did not back off, instead slightly opened her lips and led Bob take the lead. She was so turned on, although wasn't sure if it was this arrogant, but very sexy young man doing it for her, or just huge dick standing to attention between his legs. They kissed for a couple of minutes, animal passion slowly taking over as Sara responded to Bob. He undid the belt on her dressing gown and she took it off to reveal erect nipples sticking up under her rather flimsy nightdress. Bob smiled in appreciation and Sara blushed. He removed her dressing gown and threw it on the floor.

"Mind if I touch them?" he asked enjoying the sight of her nipples.

Sara shook her head slightly. Of course she didn't mind. She had no idea what had come over her but she was desperate for this man to take her. What the hell would her husband think if he came downstairs now? Bob planted more soft kisses on Sara's lip's and began to caress her firm tits through her nightie. She let out a moan of approval. Bob gently went to work on each of her nipples, tweaking them between his fingers. Sara leaned back and slipped her nightie straight over her head, revealing all her nakedness except for the pink thong, which was now sporting a very damp patch.

"Fuck, you have the most gorgeous body Sara. Can I kiss it all over?"

"Please," she whispered, "I would like that." She knew she shouldn't be doing this but she had suddenly got so turned on.

Starting at her neck Bob worked his way down her body, spending plenty of time sucking and nibbling at her breasts and nipples. Sara lay back as he moved down past her belly and towards the top of her thong. Bob looked up at her and Sara nodded. Bob took hold of her thong and slipped it down her legs leaving her fully naked. He looked in admiration at her nicely trimmed pussy, and slightly parting her legs, went to work on her pussy with his tongue. Sara fondled her tits in ecstasy as Bob circled her hardened clit and lapped at the juices that were dribbling from her entrance.

"Tastes good," Bob murmured as he continued to lick her cunt.

Sara groaned again and took hold of Bob's head pushing him into her and arching her back so she could get as much of his tongue as possible. She was close to coming, but didn't want it to be this way, she wanted that cock, desperately.

"Fuck me," she pleaded, letting go of his head.

Bob didn't need asking twice. Sara put a cushion under her head and spread her legs. She was still unsure whether that monster would fit inside her pussy, but she was sure as hell wet enough and willing to give it a go. Bob pushed his big purple helmet, smothered in pre cum, against her opening teasing her by slightly slipping it in and then pulling it back out.

"Fuck me, pleeeaaase," Sara begged.

"You want it, you got it," Bob replied and in one go pushed the whole length of his cock straight into her without a warning.

"Agggh," Sara cried out.

It hurt momentarily, but within seconds the feeling of his cock completely filling her up was more than she had ever experienced before in her life. Bob slowly worked up a rhythm as Sara's cunt, if it was possible, got even wetter. She could just about see his cock covered in her love juice each time he pulled it out before thrusting back in and make her gasp every time. Sara couldn't believe she was even doing this, the guy was a dick, but hell did he know how to take a woman to heaven and back. They continued fucking this way for a couple of minutes, wrapped up in each other's sweating bodies, moaning and panting before Sara told Bob she wanted to get on top. He slipped his cock fully out of her and it sprang up. Sara grabbed hold of it and wanked it, barely able to get her hand on it. It felt like gripping the thick end of a baseball bat.

"Impressed aren't you?" Bob asked breathlessly.

"Mmmmm," Sara purred in reply.

She let go of his cock and ask him to lie on the rug on the living room floor. Bob got on the floor and Sara, with some difficulty, squatted down over his cock. Her pussy was already feeling severely damaged from the initial fucking he had given her, but in a very very good way. She took hold of his shaft and guided it into her pussy. She couldn't believe that it was possible to fit the whole thing in, but she'd done it once and slid down his pole again until she could feel her own juices seeping out onto his pubic hair.

"Oh that is so fucking good," Sara groaned.

"Ride it you little whore," Bob said to her.

Yes, he was right, she was definitely feeling like a proper whore and it was so hot. Bob grabbed hold of her breasts as they drooped above him.

"Pull my nipples," she urged. Bob did so and Sara gasped once more in ecstasy.

"Oh my god this is so fucking good,"

She leaned forward and nestled her head into Bob's neck as he fucked her pussy. Would she even be able to feel John's cock again after this? She sure hoped so. As it turned out she was going to feel John's cock a lot sooner than she thought. She lifted her head up to arch herself back and really work Bob's cock when she froze on the spot. 

"Oh fuck..."

John was standing in front of her, just in his boxer shorts, with his cock sticking out of them whilst he wanked it backwards and forwards.

"Shit, I..." Sara went to get off Bob, but he held onto her and noticed John wink at him.

"Wait a fucking minute," Sara gasped, "was this a setup?"

"'fraid so," John replied, "Bob saw your picture in my wallet one time and said how gorgeous you were. I told him if he could beat me in a game of poker he could have you if you'd let him. I knew you'd get turned on flirting all night."

Sara how well and truly been played. Clearly John had not been so drunk that he'd passed out. She hadn't exactly been turned on, but she definitely was now. Plus she knew that her husband never lost at poker, so she was certain he must have deliberately lost the game for this to happen.
