 Hi, my name is Robin. This is a story about completely consensual sexual encounter that happened when I was in college (well, grad school, actually) between myself and two other people, one male, one female -- a couple. It's about a particularly interesting and rewarding sexual "technique" that they taught me and that to this day I find deeply rewarding and pleasurable. It's a story of sharing between good friends. It's a story about joy and discovery and pleasure. It also involves masturbation, breast play, and some rather wet fun.

The period of time when I went to college and then later to graduate school corresponded to a period of self-discovery for me. To be honest, the focus of my life for most of these years was my school work and studies. I didn't really go in for what you would call "dating" much. But at the same time I found myself drawn to the notion of sexual self-discovery. Yes, I did have a few relationships with boys during my college years, and perhaps a few encounters could even be described as sexually adventuresome, sure. 

But most of the sex I had during college was with myself. I read books by Nancy Friday and Betty Dodson who wrote eloquently of the benefits of self-love and masturbation. I started reading and thinking about sexual fantasies, and I learned to take my own fantasies for what they were, a source of enjoyment and a needed release from the academic demands on my schedule. So while I didn't do alot of dating during this time, I was -- at least in this particular way -- sexually active and to a large degree sexually and emotionally satisfied.

However, for one reason or another, even though I rarely had a proper boyfriend during this time, and even though I was socially fairly recluse within my fairly narrow academic sphere, I did make a number of close friendships where -- for reasons that are still not quite clear to me even today -- I was essentially equal friends with both members of a boy-girl couple. Perhaps it was because of my somewhat "geek-gurl" studying science -- this tended to give me a path for connecting with certain kinds of men -- and then the women who were with these kinds of men often seemed to find me interesting and apparently non-threatening (perhaps because I was a little on the "short and dumpy" side). 

Anyway, I often hung out with as a single with couples who were looking for someone else just to talk with on topics film, books, music, politics, etc. Somehow this just worked for me. I never felt like a "fifth wheel" or anything.

Well about year into grad school, I had become pretty good friends with a couple, Cheryl and Devin. I had met Cheryl, a grad student in a different department, at grad school orientation and had gotten to know her and Devin over several months through shared meals, movies, and so forth.

Anyway for one reason or another, Cheryl and Devin -- who had been living together as a couple for about a year at this point -- lost their lease. They had managed to find a new apartment but it was not going to be available to them before the end of the following week.

At that time, I had a small apartment with a tiny spare room so I offered that they could camp out in my place while they waited for their new apartment to open up. This was during the summer and we had a pleasant week or so hanging out, sharing the cooking of meals in the evenings, and talking about all kinds of interesting stuff. It was nice and we were all hitting it off pretty well, so I really looked forward to coming home each evening to be with them.

Well, when I was in grad school I had a habit of getting up a little early in the mornings so as to work out solutions for problem sets for the undergrad in the class that I was TAing. One morning, I was making slow progress on a particular problem when I realized that I had already solved that exact problem once before as a undergrad. I knew that my notes from that class were in a binder on the bookshelf in the spare room. In my preoccupation with getting to the notes and finishing the problem set solutions, I had completely forgotten that Cheryl and Devin had been sleeping in the spare room. I swung the door wide without any warning at all.

Well, there was Cheryl and Devin on the futon. Even though it was early, the morning light was already shining through the window and so the scene was completely clear to my eyes. Devin was nude, his long curving penis clasped in Cheryl's palm and pressed against her torso. Cheryl, also naked, seemed to be sort of sitting up. And it looked like her other hand was between her own legs. They were both flushed, clearly well-along in whatever love-making they had been engaged in, and both were now looking my way with an expression of "uh-oh" -- not quite dismay but clearly surprise.

I was mortified and quickly backed out of the room saying "oh jeeze guys, pardon me, I am So Sorry!" as I closed the door.

Well I was more than a little embarrassed about this but I also knew that it was obvious that my trespass on their privacy had been absolutely unintentional. Cheryl and Devin both quickly came out of the spare room and immediately offered me soothing reassurances and warm smiles. And so I quickly resolved to take a self-forgiving attitude about it all, especially since they were being so nice.

At dinner time that evening Cheryl and Devin continued to be light-hearted and reassuring. We all had a good laugh at how this was yet another example of Robin's Famous Absent-mindedness. This was Friday evening, the night was perfect and warm and Devin had brought back two bottles of really good red wine that we sipped from paper cups on the isolated balcony overlooking the small vacant lot next to the apartment.

Although the "incident", as we called it now, was not the dominant topic conversation for the evening, we did seem seem to return to it repeatedly. Devin just kept chuckling, stroking his fine reddish beard with his smooth long-fingered hands. I've always admired Devin's lean, form, his penetrating smile. Cheryl was being quietly provocative in her own way, wearing a very low-cut summer dress and letting down her long trusses of auburn hair, her deep brown eyes sparkling from behind large round librarian's glasses. At one point in the conversation she remarked something like "Gee well, it's really too bad you didn't burst in about 30 seconds later, then you would have really seen something." Everyone laughed and I don't exactly remember what how the conversation went at this point but there were several references to inadvertent exhibition and how Robin had better be careful or she would find herself in an orgy some day or something like this.

Well I was a little buzzed from the wine and those images of whatever Cheryl and Devin had been doing in the morning has me curious and perhaps slightly aroused. I wanted to get the story from them as to what they were "up to" exactly. Obviously sex, of course. But I couldn't figure out what kind of sex exactly they were doing. Added to this was the annoying fact that they seemed to operating under the assumption that I was sexually reserved or naive or something.

So as we passed the wine around one more time I said more bravely than I felt, "Well you know this is not the first time I have actually looked upon another couple having sex." This got a major "Oh Really" eyebrow from Cheryl. And so I proceeded to take about 20 minutes to recounted a rather heavily edited version of the story of my encounter with my three prior college roommates Ann, Karl, and Phil (this story is told with all of the details in "Four Friends Show and Tell Experiment"). My description was long on euphemisms and short on explicit detail but by the time I got the story out -- along with some gentle cross-examination by Cheryl and Devin -- it was clear to both of them that tucked away in little Robin's personal history was at least one sexual experience involving some kind of group masturbation and exhibitionism involving three other people, two boys and one girl.

When the story was done, Cheryl and Devin seemed both stunned and delighted. "Robin, my, my, all this time we never knew. You are the little adventurer, aren't you?" Cheryl said with a laugh. "Here we are trying to protect _your_ tender sensibilities and you've already gone all-in with a foursome." Of course I protested that it was "just looking", not a real foursome, etc. but Cheryl and Devin just smiled and laughed.

After a while the night got quiet and the conversation lulled and it looked like things were winding down. And somewhat to my frustration, despite my willingness to "share", neither Devin nor Cheryl had so far gone on to give me any clue as to what exactly they had been up to when I walked in on them earlier that morning. Sensing it was now or never, I decided to go for it. "So, guys, um. I have a question. See despite what I just told you about my own past adventure, in fact I really don't have that much experience in the bedroom. I mean yes, a few things, but mostly pretty normal stuff. And I have read books with drawings and pictures and things, so I know about what most couples do in bed. But I have to confess that I don't really recognize whatever, er, um, 'position' you were in -- or getting in to -- when I barged in. Or whatever. Sheesh. Sorry, I am just curious, really. Anyway perhaps if you gave me a name for whatever it was that you two were doing -- or trying to do -- maybe I could look it up at the library or something."

Cheryl and Devin both leaned for up and then stared at each other for several seconds and then looked back to me in almost perfect synchronization and shrugged. Devin said, "Er, Well, Robin. I would tell you the name of this, I guess, if I had one. But to be honest I am not really sure if it has a name. Maybe it does, maybe someone out there has a name for it, but I don't know what it's called."

Cheryl chimed in, "See, this thing that we do, well we sort of, well we seem to have discovered it on our own. We just sort of fell into it one day and, well, for some reason, I don't know why, we both really like it. So it's part of what we do. Not every time or anything. You know, we do lots of 'normal' things, too. Regular stuff that couples do. It's great. But this one thing, well..." She was biting her lip, her eyes were wide and glassy.

The silence stretched on for a while and Devin and Cheryl kept looking at each other and smiling and blushing. "Well?" I said? 

"Well like we said before, it's sort of too bad you didn't push in the door just a little while later. Then you would have seen....it's a little hard to explain."

At this point Cheryl sort of winked at Devin and sided up warmly onto his shoulder. "You, know, Devin. We could just _show_ her. It's be alot easier to show than trying to explain....

Devin's eyes got really wide. "Cheryl, lover! What are you saying?"

By now Cheryl was gently stroking Devin's relatively long reddish hair. "See, Robin's been there. She's seen things before. She just wants to understand what we were doing. Right? She just wants to..you know.. know what it feels like. Right, Robin?"

I am not sure how or why I took things in stride so well at that point. In a strange way, the fact that I had already told them of my own sexual adventure story seemed to transfer unto me a sense of preparedness for whatever was to come from that point on. It suddenly occurred to me that perhaps my curiosity would be much more than satisfied with words. I found myself suddenly fully aroused, my nipples rock hard under my bra, my pussy already lubricating. I somehow managed to sound both secure and gentle saying "My dear friends, Cheryl and Devin, anything you two want to show me, I will hold with the greatest care and trust and I will treasure it always. Whatever you are comfortable with. It's completely up to you, both of you."

My memory is a little hazy on the events at this point. I think I quietly left them on the balcony with each other, thinking that my sense giving them a sense of privacy to talk in their own space. I went into my own room and I remember sitting and reading for a little while, then thinking perhaps they had gone to bed for the night. I shook off all of my clothes and climbed naked under the bed-sheet. I was still aroused and considering how I could possibly reconstruct that puzzling scene into some sort of fantasy when the door gently knocked.

Had I been a little more clear-headed I would have popped out of bed and and put some clothing on. Instead I scrunched down lower under the sheet and spoke gently. "Hi?" 

Cheryl replied from behind the door. "Are you still up? Can I come in?"

"Um, sure." 

Cheryl came in. She appeared to be dressed only in an over-sized t-shirt to be used as bedtime wear. Devin followed her wearing a similar t-shirt that hung down to the middle of his thighs. Cheryl did the talking for the most part:

"So, um Robin. So Devin and I we talked it over for a while and we thought that perhaps if you wanted we would, um, show you what we were talking about earlier. If you still want to learn about this, I mean."

I think I sat silently under the covers of the sheet for 20 seconds. At some point it occurred to me that even in the low light level of the room it was likely that they could tell I was naked under the sheet. I better stop stalling, I thought.

"Um, gee, guys, that's really nice of you. I am touched and to be honest I am really curious. But I don't want to pry into your private lives. Are you sure? 

Cheryl said, "Well Robin, yes, we are sure. But I have to tell you that it's not quite so simple. See, Devin and we agree that we are both a little uncomfortable with sharing something with you that's just this, er, intimate if it were the case that you were just, um. sort of watching from outside. If you know what I mean. See, neither of us are really into "putting on a show" I guess. That's not really our thing."

I really wasn't sure where this was going. "Um. Okay. Like I said, nothing that you are not completely comfortable with."

Cheryl continued, "So what we would like to ask you is whether or not you would be comfortable with us demonstrating our little, um, 'trick' here, but..."

At this point Cheryl paused, and blushed before continuing.

"...but instead of just watching you could, um,..well...you could sort of _experience_ what we are talking about. I mean directly.... If you know what I mean. Not just watching." She was blushing fiercely now but looking me straight in the eyes.

It took me several seconds of replaying her words before I the full impact of what she was saying hit home. My eyes got very big. "Cheryl, are you saying you want me to, um, you want me to have sex with Devin? Oh, er, I don't know..." My heart was racing and my voice started to crack in my throat.

Devin sort of chimed in, very calm, very soothing. "Hey. Robin, dear friend. That's not what we are saying, at least not...exactly. This, um, 'game' if you want to call it that is all about, um, playing. Just for fun, see? But we play on the, um, outside if you know what I mean. So no intercourse. So...yes, sexual, yes. Quite, um, sexual, indeed. But not really sex and in something inside. Not, um, quite.

"So you mean like oral?" I asked, seriously perplexed now.

Devin and Cheryl looked at each other again. Cheryl said, "Um, well maybe sort of like oral a little. But not exactly. That's, um, part of it, or it can be sometimes. But that's not exactly the main, um...."

At this point I couldn't help it. I just broke out into laughter. The whole situation was so maddening with the awkward communication and so arousing and yet mysterious at the same time. It was absurd, crazy, beyond any reasonable way to think about it. 

And yet, despite the absurdity and the mystery, I felt completely safe and at ease with these two people who clearly had something that they seemed to enjoy so much that they were just bursting to share it with me. Still, they couldn't even say it. I found this hilarious. My laughing was infectious and soon we were all laughing so hard we were almost crying. And all of the tension and confusion and doubt melted away.

Eventually, I said, "Okay, lovers. Whatever you want to show me, I am up for it, yes. I won't promise to like it but I will certainly keep an open mind and give it a fair try. Anything you want, I am yours for the night." Even as I said these words, I felt once again that warm wave of erotic desire flowing into my cheeks and down my torso into the space between my thighs. What had I done? I was saying yes to a night of sex. And not just any sex but mystery sex. Something new. Who knew what I was in for? It was exciting. Yes, a little scary. But fun.

Cheryl looked at me closely now, her deep brown eyes boring into mine. "One more thing, just to be sure. Robin, dear friend. Are you comfortable with me here? A woman? See, I couldn't tell from your story you told us at dinner whether this would be okay or not. You seemed to like the idea of having another woman in the room with you during that time before, but I want to be sure if you are really okay if... well what we want to show you is something a little...more....a little more than just watching. There would be....touching. Sexual touching. Between you and me. Between Devin and you and me. All three of us. Are you sure this is this something you are completely comfortable with?"

I just nodded. I'd been thinking alot about my "sexual orientation" for the past year or so and although to this point I'd never had done anything with another woman before, it was certainly something I kept coming back to in my fantasies. My fantasies did involve men, yes, but also women. I fantasized about sex of all kinds. So I considered myself sort-of-not-obviously bi-sexual in this sense. Perhaps I should have considering things more carefully given that I'd had no original intentional plans when the night started to be at this point. But I was excited, I was aroused, and I was really really curious to learn what they were going to do. So I wasn't going to back out now. And I certainly found both Cheryl and Devin attractive. Indeed, when I thought about it, it was the _couple_ I wanted to be with, the two of them together, Devin and Cheryl. Not just one or the other.

Perhaps at this point we could have fallen into bed, three lovers exploring. But this wasn't really what happened. This was less about being "lovers", less about being a "threesome" and more about teaching and learning. They were the teachers, I was the pupil. My job was to follow their lead.

And so things sort of happened in a fairly direct way at this point. Cheryl and Devin pulled off their t-shirts to reveal their glorious naked bodies. And as I watched, they stood by the double bed and started kissing deeply and caressing each other. This went on for a little while and soon I could see Devin gently stroking Cheryl's cheeks, brushing back her flowing hair. Meanwhile I could once again see Devin's beautiful erection. It was wonderful to watch and I allowed the sheet to fall down, and my hand to begin massaging my own breast.

Then Cheryl smiled and gently brought Devin to the bedside. She rearrange the pillows and pulled off the sheets to expose my now glistening pussy. "Oh, my, Robin, you are just adorable!"

Cheryl placed the pillows so that I was slightly propped up in the bed, my torso at about 45 degree angle leaning back. I could feel Cheryl's warm hands around my arms and then she gently brought herself around and reached under my arms from behind my back so that she could support and position me. As she reached around I felt the tips of her bare breasts brush against my shoulder blades. I had never made sexual contact with a woman before this and I was absolutely electrified by the sensation. Wow, I thought. What am I in for?
