 My phone buzzed. Looking down at it, I saw that it was a text message from Emma. Looking in the rearview mirror, the blue and red flashing lights of the state trooper that had just pulled me over spiked into my eyes and the high beams made my eyes water. Pushing the button on the phone, I read the message. 'Where are you?' it said. Where am I, I thought angrily. I'm on the side of the fucking highway about to get a ticket for speeding on my fucking birthday. God damn it. That pisses me off. Looking down at the phone, I felt like throwing it out into traffic, but I couldn't afford to replace the damn thing again, so I texted back, 'Getting a ticket, be home when I can'.

The cop came up to the side of the car and I rolled down my window. "License and registration, sir," the cop said, bored. I handed him the documentation. He looked at my license, then looked at me, then looked at my license. "Happy birthday, sir, do you realize you were speeding?" he said, a little more interest in his voice. The phone buzzed; another fucking text message from Emma. "I'll be right back sir," the cop said. I waved at him, anything to get away from this prick. I leaned my head back on the headrest and closed my eyes. God, I wanted a joint right now. The phone buzzed again, a reminder of a message. I picked up the phone and punched the button for the message as the cop walked back to the side of the car. I looked that the message, my mouth dropping open. It was a picture. It was a picture of my wife and some blonde woman was sucking on my wife's nipple. Both of them were naked. The caption read, 'Happy birthday, baby, come get your presents'. My cock went to full erection in seconds, the sight of my wife with another woman, a hot woman at that, pushing my sex drive into overdrive.

"Sir, are you listening to me?" the cop asked an edge in his voice.

"What? Oh, sorry," I said, "I was distracted by the message from my wife."

"I said that I was going to have to write you a ticket for speeding, sir," the cop said.

"Look," I said, suddenly impatient, "I know I was speeding and I know it's wrong, but wouldn't you speed, if you got this text message?" I handed him my phone.

The cop stared at my phone for a long moment. He licked his lips slightly, the dry heat and the picture making his mouth dry. "Have a nice day, sir" the cop said, handing me back my phone and closing his ticket book. Turning, he walked back to his car, flicked off the lights and pulled back into traffic. He almost caused an accident.

I smiled, texted Emma 'I'll be there in a minute' and stomped on the gas. I passed the cop a mile up the road doing 100 and he flashed his high beams at me and didn't give chase. I took the off ramp at 60, shot the light, and was home in less than 5 minutes. Jumping out of the car, I ran up the sidewalk and burst into the house. I stopped in the doorway. Emma and this blonde girl were French kissing just in the foyer. Both were naked. I closed the door. My god, I thought, that is so fucking hot! I stood there watching as they kissed like teenage lovers. Finally, they came up for air.

"Hi, Hun," Emma gushed, wiping her mouth. "I see you got my message. I'd like you to meet Stefany. That's not her real name, of course, but you don't really need a name to get your rocks off, now do you?"

I nodded dumbly, admiring Stefany's body and the way it fit so well next to Emma's body. My cock was so hard it hurt, the rough fabric of the jeans rubbing against the sensitive ridge of my cock. I didn't know what to do. I wanted to strip and dive into Stefany's pussy, which was clean shaven like Emma's, but I didn't know if she even liked men, let alone would let me fuck her. Emma seemed to read my lust and doubt, because she pulled Stefany over and they both started to undress me, right there in the foyer. Clearly, Stefany swung either way, because her hot mouth was all over my mouth, neck, chest, and nipples. It seemed as though it was a contest by her and Emma to see who could kiss more spots on my body as they stripped me. I was so turned on I couldn't control myself. My hands grabbed a tit on each girl, hard nipples in the palms of my hands as I stroked and kneaded their large breasts.

"Ugh," Emma says, wrinkling her nose. "You smell and taste like sweat. Why don't you and Stefany go take a shower and then meet me in the bedroom?" Stefany smiled and nodded, licking her lips in anticipation. I can almost read her mind and I'm perfectly happy with what she's thinking. Emma turned and started to walk away and I reach out and smack her hard across the ass cheek, a big red handprint showing on her cheek. She jumped, then turned around and came back, smiling. She grabbed my head and pulled my lips to hers, her tongue thrusting into my mouth. I can taste Stefany on her lips and I French kiss her so I can taste the two of them on her mouth. I lost my focus a little a minute later when Stefany wrapped her lips around the head of my cock and started sucking on it while she stroked my balls with her long slender fingers. Emma's hand wrapped around the shaft of my cock and my focus was completely shot. Emma pulled away from me and smiling evilly pointed towards the bathroom. Stefany got up and, wrapping her hand around my rock hard cock, pulled me through the living room and down the hall to the bathroom.

Stefany turned on the shower, which quickly fills with steam. She pushed me into the shower, the hot water almost scalding on my skin. "No fucking in there, now," Emma called from the hallway. "There's plenty of time for all three of us to be satisfied." Stefany smiled sinfully as she climbed into the shower with me. I'm thinking, 'fuck, no fucking this hot girl in the shower; that's going to be an extreme act of self control'. She picked up the soap and she started to lather it up in her hands. She put the soap down and she started to rub her fingers on my body. Her hands stroked over my chest, arms, shoulders, stomach, hips, thighs and finally over my cock and balls. Her touch was so damn nice I felt like I'm going to shoot my load all over her tits right there. She turns me around and as the hot water rinses off my front, she slowly rubs her lathered hands over my back and then my ass. Her fingers stroke down the crack and the taint, her fingers pressing and stroking. Now she's on her knees in the shower and she turned me around, her soapy hands grabbing my hips. This is what I've been waiting for, I think, as she swallows my cock as deep as she can take it. I grabbed her head and held her in place as I slowly slid my cock in and out of her mouth, pushing in until she gags slightly, then drawing out until just the head is encased in her hungry lips. She worked my cock eagerly. I let her work, my legs trembling from the excitement of her hot mouth devouring my cock. I spread my legs and brace my arms on the wall. Her hand cupped my balls and she caressed them while she slowly slides up and down my shaft. I jump as her fingers start to stroke my asshole, then jump again as she inserts a finger and starts stroking in the same rhythm as she sucks my cock. I groaned as the pressure was building so fast that it felt like a tidal wave building up. Her other hand came up and grabbed my shaft and she started stroking my cock and my asshole faster. "God, I'm going to come," I gasped. She continued to suck fiercely at my head and her stroking got faster and faster. "Here it comes," I groan. She pulled my cock out of her mouth and pointed the tip at her large breasts, just in time for my load to spew out on her tits and stomach.

We rinse off and get out of the shower, toweling each other dry. We made our way to the bedroom and Stefany leaped on the bed, diving on Emma and kissing her hungrily, their tongues clearly twining in each other's mouths. Watching them kiss and fondle each other is quickly making my cock hard again and I crawled in the bed hoping to get in on the action. The girls parted and made room for me in the middle. I put my arms around both of them and watched as they leaned across me and continue to French kiss. Emma reached down and grabbed my cock, stroking it as it recovered and reached full erection. The girls stopped kissing suddenly and they both started sucking on my nipples, licking and biting at my nipples. My hands moved down their backs and cupped their firm ass cheeks, giving them each a squeeze of pleasure. My breath was short and a little ragged, my heart racing. Emma looked me in the eye, then came up and whispered in my ear, "Which pussy would you like to eat first?"

A second later, I was on my back and Stefany's pussy was sitting on my lips, her clit pressing against the tip of my nose. Her hands were gripping the headboard and she was grinding her swollen pussy lips on my mouth. "Stick your tongue in my hot box, mister," she said, her Cajun accent driving me mad with lust. Emma straddled my thighs and I felt her take my cock and stick it between her beautiful tits, closing them around it in a tight tunnel that almost feels like a pussy. I tried to focus on my tongue probing Stefany's deep tunnel and rubbing my nose on her exposed clit, but the feeling of Emma titty-fucking me was just so damn good that I can't focus. Apparently my efforts, distracted as they were, still satisfied, as the blonde Stefany started moaning and groaning and her hips started to gyrate on my face like my tongue is a giant cock filling her tight box. Her pussy juices were flowing heavy and she tasted so good I wanted to make her squirt all over my face. Emma started talking dirty to Stefany, "Yeah, that's right baby, ride his face, come all over his face, make it slick with your hot juices!" Stefany whimpered, grinding harder on my tongue and then with a loud squeal, she exploded all over my face, her hot come coating my face, neck and upper chest.

Emma stopped titty-fucking me and caught Stefany as she started to fall backward off my face. They French kiss and Emma reached down and stroked Stefany's clit with her fingers. Stefany squealed and she squirted on my chest. Emma stopped kissing her and moved to my chest, her tongue slowly and deliberately licking up every drop of Stefany's come from my chest, neck and face. Her tongue dived into my mouth and she kissed me so fiercely that I knew she wanted me to fuck her right now. I reached out and grabbed Emma's hips, positioning her so she's ready to ride my aching cock. I grabbed my cock and start to position it against her wet pussy lips, but she pushed me away. I realized that I hadn't been paying attention to Stefany and it seemed she'd been busy putting on a strap-on dildo. "Watch this baby," Emma said huskily, as she leaned down on my chest, her hard nipples grinding into me as Stefany got behind Emma and plunged that huge dildo into Emma's cock hungry pussy. Stefany slapped Emma's ass cheek and Emma jumped, her tits grinding up my chest, her low throaty moan of pleasure and surprise sounding hot in my ear. 

Stefany started fucking Emma, long slow strokes in and out with that large dildo. Emma seemed to be enjoying herself as she was moaning and panting with the pleasure of being screwed long and slow. I reached down and started rubbing her clit, my fingers pressing firmly along each side of the clit as I felt that dildo stroking into and out of Emma's pussy. Emma started to gasp and writhe on my chest as her body responded to the stimulation of her pussy and clit. Stefany started to stroke faster, her thrusts sharper, more forceful. She started to smack Emma's ass with her hand, then suddenly reached up and grabbed Emma's hair and yanked her head back. "You like that, don't you, you slut," Stefany growled at Emma, smacking Emma on the ass hard. "You like that big hard cock in your pussy, don't you. You want me to fuck you harder and harder, don't you, you slut. Tell me you like it!" She smacked Emma again. "I like it," Emma moans, writhing on my chest. Her hand reached down and pressed my fingers harder against her clit. "Give it to me harder, I need it, make me come so hard I want to scream, please, I want it so bad." Emma was almost incoherent with lust and I knew she was going to come any second now.

Stefany pulled that big dildo out of Emma and leaned back. Looking me in the eye, she said, "Why don't you finish her off?" Emma reached down, grabbed my aching cock and shoved it in her pussy, driving it all the way in and grinding on it. Stefany took that dildo and slapped it against Emma's ass cheek. Emma jumped and ground up my cock until it almost came out. Then she ground back down. Stefany slapped Emma on the other cheek with that dildo and made Emma jump again. This became their little routine, Stefany spanking Emma with the dildo which made Emma whimper in pleasure and grind up and down on my cock. Watching Stefany, her tits bounced and jiggled nicely as she aggressively manipulated Emma. "You know," she said to me, "I think I should shove this dildo in her ass and we should double team her, what do you think?" Emma looked me in the eye and I could see she wanted this in the worst way. I reached down and spread Emma's ass cheeks and Stefany slowly drove that dildo into Emma's ass. I'd fucked Emma in the ass before, but it wasn't my favorite thing to do. Watching this hot blonde woman fucking my wife in the ass, with my cock in her pussy and feeling the intense pressure that filling both holes created was intensely erotic.

Emma clung to me, her hands clenched on my shoulders as Stefany and I slowly double teamed her. She was moaning and groaning and panting like I'd never heard her. She started begging, "Harder, please, I need it harder, fuck me harder, please". Stefany reached up and grabbed Emma's shoulders and started thrusting fiercely into Emma's tight ass. Her pussy contracted so tightly around my cock I thought I was going to come immediately. "Oh God," Emma screamed, "Oh God, that's it, fuck me harder, oh God, I'm going to come, fuck, harder, please, ram that cock into my pussy, oh God, that's it, I'm coming, fuck, I'm coming, oh fuck!!!" She screamed, louder than I'd ever heard her scream in her life and her pussy clamped down so hard on my cock that I couldn't move. Stefany buried that dildo to the hilt and rubbed Emma's ass cheeks, as Emma squirted come all over my cock and thighs and the bed. Emma lay there on my chest for a minute, catching her breath. Slowly she raised her head, sweat making her hair stick to her face and she said, "Not done yet."

Stefany got off the bed and stripped out of the strap-on. Emma rolled off me and lay on the bed on her back. Stefany crawled on the bed and onto Emma and they started French kissing and fondling each other. Emma looked at me and said, "What are you waiting for? Her pussy is aching for your big cock and I want to feel you fucking her." I sat up and looked at their arrangement. Emma was on her back, legs spread and sticking up in the air. Stefany was straddling Emma and her legs were tucked up along Emma's sides, so their pussy lips were touching each other's and their clits were rubbing together. Emma reached down and spread Stefany's pussy lips, leaving that tight hole exposed for my perusal. I looked at this invitation and thought; this is going to be fun. Just for kicks, I leaned down and I licked from Emma's asshole, up along both sets of pussy lips and over Stefany's asshole. They both squirmed and made lustful noises of pleasure.

I positioned myself so that I was perfectly aimed at Stefany's pussy. My cock was aching to feel her tight hole wrapped around my tool and hear her moans of pleasure from my powerful thrusts. Emma spread Stefany's lips, smiling in anticipation of the reaction. I placed the head of my cock against that wet opening and slowly pushed my way into that tight pussy. Stefany moaned her mouth muffled against Emma's neck as I filled her pussy with my thick hard cock. My balls were resting against Emma's swollen wet pussy lips. I started to grind my way into and out of Stefany's pussy, stretching her hole to fit my thickness. My balls gently slapped against Emma's pussy lips, coating my balls with her juices. The motion of my thrusts made their clits grind together and they both moaned and groaned excitingly as I gradually picked up the pace.

Emma spanked Stefany on one ass cheek, making her jump and her pussy contracted on my hard cock. She squealed in pleasure and I heard her say against Emma's neck, "please, may I have another?" Emma smiled wickedly and indicated that I should slap the other ass cheek, which I promptly did, the loud smack reverberating off the bedroom walls. She squealed and sat half way up. Emma brought her mouth to one of Stefany's tits and started biting and sucking on the nipple, occasionally slapping Stefany's ass cheek and making her squeal. Her pussy was drenched and slick, so I cut loose, pounding her tight hole with complete abandon, pistoning in and out with fierce intensity. She was panting and moaning and I could tell she was going to explode any second. I took my thumb and drove it into her tight asshole and that was all it took; her pussy contracted hard around my cock and she screamed as her body rocked with orgasm. Emma held her tightly and moaned with her, her own body celebrating with a mild orgasm of her own.

I still hadn't finished so after they subsided and Stefany's pussy relaxed enough for me to slide in and out some more, I leaned back and rested on my heels. I looked at their pussies, so tightly pressed together, so juicy and eager for my hard cock. Taking the shaft in my hand, I slid out of Stefany and drove my cock into Emma's pussy, the shaft gliding against Stefany's lips. I pulled out of Emma and drove my cock into Stefany, my balls slapping against Emma's pussy lips. Slowly, methodically, I drove my cock into each pussy, one long hard stroke at a time. They both squealed and squirmed as my cock drove into each of them, their juices mingling, and their clits grinding against each other. They started French kissing, their hands playing with each other's tits. Finally, I felt that my cock was ready to finish, so I left my cock in Stefany's pussy and, grabbing her hips for thrust, started pounding her pussy unrelentingly. She started squealing and Emma started egging me on, telling me to give it to her harder and faster, fuck that pussy, make her scream and then Stefany did start screaming, her pussy squirting around my cock as I continued to pound her mercilessly. Finally, I felt it coming, the point of no return and I pulled my cock out of Stefany and pounded it into Emma, pounding her pussy the final few strokes necessary to light my candle and explode my cock into an outstanding fireworks display of orgasmic ecstasy.

I collapsed on the foot of the bed, exhausted. I was thoroughly sated. I hadn't ever had anything like this in my life. Emma crawled over to me and kissed me, her tongue probing my mouth. I could taste Stefany on her mouth and savored the taste. Stefany came over and she kissed me too, her hot little tongue teasing mine. I lay there, panting, exhausted. The girls got out of bed and left, though I noticed that Stefany picked up the strap-on and they both had their hands on each other. As I drifted off to sleep, I thought I could hear Emma squealing and demanding harder, harder, but maybe that was my imagination. All I know is when I woke up the next morning, Stefany was gone and there was no indication that this fantastic birthday present had ever taken place. Well, other than my cock felt well used. Still, I'll never forget my birthday and maybe I'll get that present again next year.

THE END