 I am a plumber, aged 38, who manages to make a decent living on repairs and small-scale installation jobs. Despite the commonly held view that there are a lot of sexual perks in my jobs with the female customers that we come in to contact with I can honestly say this has never been the case for me, until last week!! I was due to replace a cloakroom sink and toilet for a Mrs Jackson and had set aside 2 days for the job (more than ample). When I arrived on the first day Mrs Jackson was just leaving for work (she was married but her husband worked away from home all week) and said she wouldn't be home until at least 6 o'clock. However she gave me her mobile number in case of emergencies and said that her 18 year old daughter was going to be in the house all day.

I started work and about 10 o'clock heard a girls voice ask if I wanted a cup of tea or coffee. I popped my head out of the cloakroom and saw the daughter for the first time. Anna may have only been 18 but she was a stunner. Only short but with a nice "slim but curvy" figure she had long, wavy dark hair and was very pretty. She was wearing a very short flared skirt showing off her tanned legs and t-shirt which showed she had a nicely rounded pair of tits. I told her a cup of coffee would be nice and she went away to make it. When she brought it back we chatted for a couple of minutes and she said that she would be in all day and that a couple of her friends would be also coming round later. If I wanted anything I just had to ask. She said this with a cheeky smile which I was not sure how to take and then she walked back up the stairs to her room. As the cloakroom was under the stairs I could not help but follow her with my eyes as she went up. I am sure she knew I was watching but did not seem to mind – I certainly didn't mind because as soon as she was halfway up I could see right up her skirt which did little to hide the fact that she was only wearing a g-string underneath and she had the most gorgeous sexy bum!!

I got back to work, although I found it hard to concentrate as hard as before, and about an hour later I heard the doorbell ring. Anna came down to let in her friends, Helen and Grace. Both of her friends were equally pretty as Anna – Helen was taller and slimmer but also had long dark hair whilst Grace had very long blond hair and looked like a "Page 3 Girl" both in shape and the way she dressed!! Anna introduced me and explained why I was there and then they all went upstairs to Anna's room – giving me a view of 3 bottoms covered only by very short skirts and g-strings. Over the next couple of hours the girls seemed to find lots of excuses for going up and down the stairs and every time I was there to enjoy the view. 

Just after lunch all 3 girls came down, whispering and giggling to each other, and Anna came up to me. She said that she knew that I had been watching them walk up the stairs and that I must have had a nice view. She then said that the 3 girls wanted to know which of them had the sexiest bum!!! I was shocked that I had been caught out and tried to pretend I didn't know what she was talking about. She laughed and said that they weren't that stupid but if it helped they would give me a reminder. Having said that the girls all turned around and lifted their skirts above their waists giving me a fantastic view of 3 young, firm and very sexy bottoms. They dropped their skirts and turned around and Anna again asked which was the sexiest – I truthfully said that all 3 were equally sexy and Helen looking straight at my straining cock said that I certainly seemed to have enjoyed the sight.

Anna then said that the girls had been talking and wanted to play some "games" with me, but if I refused she would tell her mum that I had made improper advances to the 3 girls. I was caught but on reflection a couple of hours with the girls would not affect me finishing the job on time and could be fun. I therefore agreed and the girls told me we were all going up to Anna's room. When we were in the room Grace said that they were going to take it in turns to instruct me to do something – and to start with she was telling me that I had to kiss each of the girls for 2 minutes starting with her. This was very nice and despite their youth they certainly knew how to kiss. As I was kissing Helen she took hold of my hands and placed them on her bottom so I had the added enjoyment of feeling her firm bum cheeks while our tongues explored each other.

Anna then said that they wanted to watch as I took off my clothes. I started to protest but they said I had no choice and as the 3 of them sat on the bed I was forced to take off all my clothes. I stood in front of them, totally naked, with my hard cock standing erect in front of me and the girls said that it was much more impressive than any of the boys they had seen. The girls then stood up, reached under their skirts and took off their thongs – but not letting me see anything that their underwear had been covering. They then said that I had to spend another 2 minutes on each of them – this time kissing their pussies under their skirts. Well this did not sound like too much of a hardship and I started with Anna who had a hardly any hair covering her sweet and very moist pussy. As I started to tongue her she started to moan and my experienced tongue soon had her knees buckling. My hands were holding her bum cheeks and she leant her weight into my face as she started to come on my mouth. She sat back on the bed, her legs wide apart so that I could see the pink slit gaping wide open. 

As I turned to the other 2 girls I saw that they had stripped naked and were standing side by side waiting for me. This was a fantastic sight, their young taut bodies looking very sexy, and I knelt in front of them alternating between licking and fingering their pussies until they both came within a short space of time. Anna, who had been watching this, said that it was now my turn to enjoy some attention and all 3 girls knelt in front of me. They then stroked, licked and sucked my cock and balls. It was an amazing feeling having 6 hands, 3 mouths and 3 tongues pleasuring me at the same time and before long I could feel my orgasm building up and then when I came it seemed like gallons of spunk splashed in their faces, on their hair and down onto their tits. I sat down on the floor and as I recovered I watched as the girls licked my spunk of each other, seeming to pay a lot of attention to each others nipples and Helen was soon using her tongue on Anna's pussy whilst she lay on her back with her legs wide apart. Grace meanwhile came over to me and her soft hands soon brought my cock back to life and before I knew it she has pushed me onto my back and had straddled me with my cock spreading her pussy lips apart as she rode me hard and fast.

I soon had my second orgasm within 10 minutes – a record for me – and we all lay on the floor cuddling – literally shagged out. I had to get back to work but a similar day followed the next day – culminating in Anna's mum coming in and finding us, then joining in!! But that is another tale.