 If any other of my female friends were to fulfill my dirty fantasies, I knew Katie would be my best shot. Even though the young blond wasn't really my type, I wasn't going to be picky when it came to pursuing my perverted desires, since, in my experience, most girls weren't too eager to do what my demented lust craved. Beside, Katie was certainly a cute girl, regardless.

After a couple years of platonic friendship, I started to see Katie in a different light. The more I trusted her as a friend, the more attractive I found her rosy cheeks, pale skin and thicker frame. After a long run of sleeping with petite brunettes pretty exclusively, I saw my relationship with Katie evolve, culminating in hot, no-strings-attached sex one fateful night.

It was almost immediately after our first fuck that my depraved mind envisioned Katie as the center of attention for multiple men. Before long, I found out that she was currently banging a couple other dudes and was kind of a slut, actually. A lot of guys in my situation may have been discouraged to continue with a girl like Katie, but her skankiness drew me to her only more, considering that a girl with multiple sex partners turned me on. All of a sudden, Katie was the perfect girl to pursue because it didn't seem like much of a stretch that another one of her guys would team up with me and really have some fun with the young lady. Before long, I had Katie right where I wanted her.

Nerves gripped me this chilly evening in late November as Katie went into her kitchen to fetch some drinks for us and for our company that had yet to arrive. It was almost two years since my first dive into group sex, making it only appropriate, then, that Katie and I were waiting for her two other lovers to show up. I really had suspected that Katie already had experience with multiple partners, since she had so eagerly agreed to it this time, but she swore it was her first time. I must say, though, that her anxiety was clearly evident this night, supporting her claim. I, on the same token, was a bit anxious myself. Even though I'd participated in group sex before and loved it, trying it with a new girl brought a new set of uncertainties.

It had taken a long time to build up the nerve to tell my fantasy to Katie, and as she emerged from the kitchen with two full wine glasses, both of which shook in her hands as she came to join me on the couch, I thought back to the last time I'd had a drink with Katie, which was two weeks ago when I finally shared my shameful desire with my friend. That night started innocently enough, as just two friends' grabbing a bite to eat and some drinks. It was, admittedly, a little out of the ordinary for me though, since I'd hardly ever drink and never would have suggested alcohol as a fun option for an evening under normal circumstances. However, Katie clearly had a tendency toward alcohol, a weakness of which I intended to unapologetically take advantage.

Being a classic over-thinker, I planned out that evening to be as conducive to my goal as possible. I needed Katie to be buzzed but not drunk when I brought up the topic, the atmosphere had to be casual and the conversation had to lead into my proposition. I didn't want to just bring it up in the car or at my or her apartment, especially since I didn't even know we'd be leaving dinner together. The proposal had to be during dinner in order for me to maintain control of the plan.

Much to my delight and relief, the plan worked out very well. I chose a restaurant that wasn't very popular so that we'd be less likely to be around people who might overhear us. Luckily, we were seated at a booth with no one else around. What I hadn't considered is that fewer people meant less noise, so there was a high risk for the situation to be awkwardly overheard. Like I said, classic over-thinker.

We had a lovely night, and Katie had a few drinks with her dinner, just as I had hoped. The music playing overhead helped drown out our conversation from anyone else who might hear it, which helped calm my nerves as I began to steer the conversation in the direction I intended. The waitress interrupted a couple times, though, shattering my nerves at times, but I persisted.

Finally, my heart leaped as we began to talk about sex. Since Katie and I first banged almost two years ago, we'd had sex only six or seven times. Fornication wasn't a big part of our friendship and was something we did only on rare circumstances when we were bored maybe or the events of the day led up to it. In fact, it had been more than three months at this point since we'd last fucked. Sex simply wasn't a topic about which we frequently talked, so I was relieved when it finally did come up. Now that the subject was on the table, I just needed to spit out what I had prepared to say to lead up to my proposition. From that point, I hoped for Katie's cooperation. 

"I had a dream about you the other night," I said, though I really hadn't. What I was going to play off as a dream over which I'd had no control was a well thought-out fantasy of mine.

"Do tell!" Katie practically shouted, maybe a little drunk.

"I don't know," I responded. "It was pretty raunchy, and I'm not sure I'm comfortable with it. I'm not sure what you'll think."

"I'm sleeping with three different men," she said, quieter now but flashing a goofy grin. "I'm not one to judge. Try me."

It was do or die time. My heart pounded in my chest, and I focused intensely on not allowing my voice to crack as I told Katie about my "dream" wherein we are at a Halloween party and I walk in on her having sex with some guy I don't know but is presumably one of her other partners. At that point, though, I lost steam and couldn't continue.

"What happens next?" Katie asked, taking another sip of wine. "Do you join in?"

"Yes," I trailed off, still unable to get to the point and realizing I was blowing my chance if not for Katie's fortuitous response.

"Do you take turns with me, split-roast me or double-penetrate me?" she offered, blushing a little as she grinned at me. I never did answer that question or get back to my fantasy at all, actually. I took this opportunity to do the asking now.

"Wait, do you speak from experience?" I said. "Have you ever been DP'd?" I had to let go of my glass so that Katie wouldn't see how obviously I was shaking as I determinedly pushed the words out of my mouth.

She laughed. "No. I've never had group sex. Have you?"

"I wasn't asking about me," I said.

"But I am," she countered.

She had me where I couldn't really avoid the question anymore. "A while back," I said, though it hadn't really been that long since my last group exploit. Katie's eyes went wide, and a smile crept across her pale face.

"Did you like it?"

"It was fun," I answered.

"Would you do it with me?" As nervous as I was and how poorly I had been handling a proposition that I hadn't imagined going very smoothly in my head to begin with, my heart sparked with excitement as my lustful desire began to look like a real possibility.

"If you think you could get one of your boyfriends to sandwich you," I said with renewed confidence, "then I'm in." I took a sip of wine to keep myself from saying anything else at this point.

"One of them?" she responded. "I bet I could get both of them and really party." Damn it, I shouldn't have taken that drink, since I immediately choked a little on the wine as those words came out of my friend's mouth. Katie simply finished her glass as I sputtered on the alcohol for a bit. Now she was laughing a little as I recovered just enough to simply stare back at Katie. It's a good thing Katie and I were close friends, because I had made quite a fool of myself. Considering the result, though, the whole proposal hadn't gone so bad, right?

Later that night, I took her back to my place and fucked the hell out of her. A couple days later, we banged again, and this time she let me fuck her ass in preparation for the gangbang. Then, within a week, we had our next event planned, and Katie and I were finishing off a drink when the second lover arrived. His name was Keith, a guy taller and bigger than I, built pretty well and with dirty blond hair. It was awkward meeting him, but, fortunately, that moment didn't last too long, as Katie's other friend, Dan, showed up just a few minutes later. Dan was shorter than I and about as skinny but had darker skin and hair.

At this point, it would be appropriate to describe what Katie was wearing. For starters, she wore a low-cut white shirt that revealed some of her cleavage, of which she had plenty, seeing how big her boobs were. In addition, she sported a pink skirt that went two-thirds of the way down her thighs and black boots that came just below her knees. The boots had high heels on them and were being worn specifically because of the fantasy I had described to Katie, wherein she had worn such boots. As for the rest of her appearance, her blond hair was curled and hung down just past her chin, her bright blue eyes shined past her dark eye liner and her rosy, pale face glowed with makeup that covered her light freckles.

After a brief moment of uncomfortable silence, Katie offered drinks to anyone who wanted one. Both Dan and Keith accepted the offer, reminding me of my first experience with group sex where I imbibed above my normal consumption of alcohol. Katie, however, was quickly getting pretty tipsy, naturally. As much as I'd kind of disapproved of her tendency toward alcohol in the past, I was surely thankful for it now. 

We didn't loiter for long, as we were all on the same page as far as moving on with the festivities. Keith was the one to say what we other two boys were thinking by suggesting we head into the bedroom. It wasn't my first time getting the invite into Katie's room, but never before had I had to follow behind two other guys, who remained silent along with me as we departed from the living room. I'd never actually met either of these guys but, then again, I was starting to wonder just how often Katie burned through sex partners anyway.

Katie held the door open for her three guests and then closed it tightly behind us. In my experience with Katie, she had never been the type to put on a striptease or much foreplay, and the increase of potential discomfort this time only encouraged her all the more to keep it moving, I imagine. She simply headed straight to her bed and was tossing aside clothing before she'd even gotten comfortable. Before I knew it, Katie was wearing nothing but her boots, and the eyes of three men were transfixed on her big bare breasts.

The moments following Katie's stripping flew by in such a flash that I honestly didn't even remember taking my own clothes off. Before I knew it, though, I was naked along with two other guys, all of us hard as steel and ready to get to work. The discomfort with being naked around other guys was something that had dissipated after just one or two runs with group sex, and knowing full well what was ahead eliminated any hesitation for me while remaining firm in my own sexuality. I didn't pay enough attention to my new comrades to tell how anxious they were. I didn't care, anyway. I just needed someone to help me give this girl the fucking she needed.

Since Katie had an intense night ahead of her, we all agreed to start one-on-one to break her in. Keith went first, standing at the side of the bed while Dan and I watched Katie lie on her back and hang her legs over the edge of the bed, spreading them and allowing Keith to step up right between them. Katie leaned forward, her knees on either side of Keith's waist as she held her head up and helped Keith push his rock-hard cock into her pussy.

For the next several minutes, I watched on silently with a perfect stranger as I watched another unfamiliar man in front of me have his way with my good friend. Katie clutched the comforter beneath her with both hands as her legs curled around the hips of one of her three lovers as he held Katie's hips and pounded her pussy furiously. Having not much of an emotional or romantic attachment to Katie, I felt no feelings of jealously rise; instead, it was actually really hot to watch the young blond get nailed by another dude.

Katie moaned and cried out, occasionally spouting some profanity. Dan and I hardly uttered a sound but just stroked ourselves as we watched the spectacle before us. The only sounds coming from Keith were his grunting and the steady slap of his hips against Katie as he rammed his cock into her pussy over and over again, rocking Katie back each time he thrust into her, which caused those terrific tits to bounce wildly in rhythm with his motion.

Once Keith was sufficiently worked up in his own estimation, he pulled out and stepped aside. Katie immediately looked at me and beckoned me over, remaining on her back and lifting her boots up into the air, spreading her legs wide. I stepped up to take my place, all but forgetting the presence of the two onlookers. Following a brief glance into the pale girl's sparkling blue eyes, I peered at her glistening open twat and guided my cock into it with one hand. It slipped easily inside my friend, who immediately lowered her ankles onto my shoulders.

Katie and I moaned in unison as I sank all the way inside her tight, wet pussy, my balls resting against her taint. She was already set to go, thanks to Keith's work on her, so I was able to immediately retract my cock and slam it right back into her, causing my balls to slap hard against her. From there, I just trust in and out of her, hard and fast while she moaned, again clutching the blanket on either side of her. 

I started with holding onto Katie's hips as I fucked her, but Katie's supple breasts eventually drew me in. I leaned forward and latched onto her boobs, still thrusting powerfully into her young body while her boots were forced higher into the air as they rested on my shoulders. Meanwhile, my two new friends watched on as our shared lover was nailed right in front of them.

I leaned closer and closer into Katie for several more minutes, my face coming near hers as she moaned and laughed in response to all the attention she was getting. Her legs ended up slipping down my arms and resting in my elbows as I practically folded her up from drilling her. I banged her hard and fast until my cock was just short of exploding, and then I stopped, trying hard to hold off an orgasm, which I managed to do successfully before pulling out.

Katie sighed as I exited her, and Dan was right there as soon as I walked away. He got Katie on her hands and knees and, like the other two of us, stood on the floor at the edge of the bed and slipped his cock into the girl's pussy. For the next few minutes, Keith and I watched with lust as our mutual friend was railed hard for the third straight time, her hair and boobs shaking, her body rocking as she was fucked from behind.

Dan held tightly to Katie's hips and gave her a stiff pounding for another moment before slowing down and pulling out. Once he stepped away, Katie's fate was up in the air, as no one knew exactly what to say or what move to make next. Being the one who suggested this raunchy idea in the first place, I took the initiative to join Katie in the bed and get on with what we were all here to do.

A few words were spoken, and then we were all eager to get going. Katie was trembling a bit, betraying her nerves as she prepared for her first double penetration. I didn't get a good read on the guys, whether they were anxious or not, not that I cared. I, of course, was beyond excited to get going. I think my cock got even harder as I lay down on my back and mentally prepared myself to have some debauched fun with my blond friend, who at that moment was climbing on top of me in order to take me into one of her three holes that would all be full in just a few more moments.

Katie steadied my cock with her hand as she slipped on top of me and slid me into her used and wet pussy. We both groaned with pleasure, taken by the sensations of our bodies' joining again. For me, the excitement was heightened by the anticipation of filling this girl to capacity in just a moment. My heart beat faster in my chest from just the thought of it.

We cut right to it. As soon as my prick was sheathed in Katie's cunt, I wrapped my arms around my friend's lower back and held her in place. Katie, meanwhile, held herself up by her outstretched arms, her hands planted on either side of my shoulders. Her boobs hung down in my plain view, which captured my attention for a brief moment. However, both Katie and I were more interested in seeing what was going on behind us. I lifted my neck to look over Katie's ass while Katie peered over her shoulder at Keith who had just lubed up his dick and knelt up on the bed.

The feeling of being balls deep in a girl as another penis begins to invade the other hole was always an exhilarating feeling for me. While I had no interest in a fellow dude's junk in any other context, the reality of cute girl's taking on and pleasuring multiple men at once was as hot as it got for me. It took a special type of girl to be able to pull it off, and I was confident Katie could. My excitement peaked as I felt Katie's asshole, on the other side of the membrane that contained my own member, stretch to accept first the tip and then more of Keith's cock.

Katie yelped a bit as Keith first slid into his blond friend, first just an inch followed by more inches. The room became silent, as if to allow Keith the focus to plant himself in Katie and to give Katie the opportunity to receive him. I noticed how Katie's fingers curled into the mattress beneath us as she felt more and more of that second cock slide into her until both Keith and I were balls deep inside her.

Once Keith was all the way in, Katie moaned and cursed. I unwrapped my arms around Katie and slid my hands up to her shoulders instead as I ground up into her twat, which was now tighter than I'd ever felt it before, thanks to the pressure next door. Keith exhaled and then cursed as well. Meanwhile, Dan was taking it all in, waiting for his chance to join in. We'd all agreed to let Katie adjust to the double penetration first before we made her airtight.

I could clearly hear the deep, ragged breaths that were coming from Katie as we all remained still for just another moment. Also emanating from her sexy body was intense heat, which must have multiplied in conjunction with the two other warm bodies that surrounded her. The presence of another man, unnerving to a novice, was no distraction for me as I sank my nails into Katie's back and prepared to fuck her like the sexy slut she was. Sliding my body down the bed ever so slightly, I began to pull out and thrust into Katie's tight cunt.

As soon as he felt my movement at the bottom of this sandwich, Keith began to stir as well, pulling out of Katie's ass until I could sense just the tip inside my friend, and then sliding the whole length back in without hesitation. Katie gasped and collapsed on top of me as she took in the new sensations of being fucked in both holes at once. It was certainly an intense feeling for her, but I was sure she would get the hang of it quickly and enjoy it -- as if the slut wasn't enjoying it already!

Keith caught on right away to move in sync with me so that we were taking turns inside our female friend. Soon, we were both steadily thrusting in and out of Katie, I nailing her cunt while Keith sank into her ass each time I pulled back and then retracting just in time to let me push myself back into her wet sex hole. Before long, Katie was holding her warm body in between us again by straightening her arms, looking straight ahead and moaning as Keith and I sawed in and out of her. With each passing moment, we boys grew more comfortable with the situation and were able to stroke in and out of Katie faster and faster. 
