  This is the third installment of an unknown number of parts. We do a little background and storytelling - so no sex in this episode (Awwwww!) sorry - I promise more in the next installment. 

Thanks to an "expert" reader who sent me feedback, I've made a point of telling a little more of the "why" the SUK sorority exists and it's history. (Bear with me, I think it will pay off in the end.)

Thanks to all my readers, and all the encouraging feedback - especially Pat, The Fellatrix. 

* * * * *

Amy led Laura back through the doorway they had entered from, but took a sharp turn into a hallway Laura had not been in during previous visits to the sorority house. The sounds of the Mistress of Ceremonies instructing the handlers to take the men back to their ready room echoing in Laura's ears was almost drowned out by the pounding of her heart. One of the other sisters had draped the robe back over Laura's shoulders, but she was too numb to even notice or acknowledge it. After a few turns, corridors, and closed doors, Amy and Laura arrived in a richly appointed room. Thick carpet and dark wood surrounded Laura as Amy helped to a seat on a leather sofa. 

Laura was quivering from acute adrenalin overload and seemed on the verge of an outburst.

"Whoa, calm down Laura," Amy told her, looking alarmed herself, "are you OK?"

Laura nodded, but was still breathing fast and looking wild-eyed.

"Here," Amy said, pushing a glass into Laura's hand, "drink this."

Laura took a big swig without even asking what she was drinking, panting again after she swallowed and leaned back into the couch.

"Wow, that was intense." Laura gasped out, her breathing slowing to a more normal rate.

"Hell yeah," agreed Amy as she poured herself a big glass of wine and gulped about half of it down in one shot, "you OK Laura?"

Laura nodded, catching her breath and trying to stop shaking.

Amy slouched down in a big overstuffed chair opposite Laura and eyed her with concern.

Laura, heartbeat slowing to near normal, reassured Amy, "I'm OK, really," and took another sip of the wine.

"Shit," she said, pulling the robe around her and cinching the sash around her waist, "why didn't you tell me I was sitting here naked?"

Amy laughed, "It's not my job to tell you when you're naked Laura – we figured you were bright enough to figure that out, besides, you were way more naked than that 3 minutes ago."

Laura laughed out loud too, feeling nearly calmed down again, "Yeah, you're right. Guess everything was happening so fast I never stopped to think about it." She looked around the room, noticing plaques and pictures and citations on the walls. "Wow, what is this place?"

Amy took a quick look around the room, "This is the trophy room."

"Trophy room?" Laura asked, getting up to check out some of the awards on the walls. "'The Members and Supporters of Men's Rowing team of Faber College express their deepest gratitude to the Women of Sigma Upsilon Kappa.' Wow."

She read from another brass and oak award: "In recognition of SUK's steadfast support and encouragement in achieving the Varsity Football Championship."

"Wow," Laura quietly said again as she read award after award.

"Men's Gymnastics, Wrestling, Water Polo – there's even one here from the Chess Club."

Amy laughed out loud, "That one was pretty funny, you should have seen those guys...."

"What do you mean?" Laura asked, looking positively puzzled.

Amy stood up and moved to where Laura was reading the awards.

"C'Mon Laura, haven't you figured it out yet? Think."

Laura's knitted brow finally prompted Amy to explain.

"You don't think this oral sex thing is just an initiation rite, do you Laura?"

"Well," Laura thought out loud, "I hadn't really thought about it. I do know that almost every girl I've met here had stories to tell about the men they'd given head to – athletes, alumni, professors......"

Amy could see the light bulb over Laura's head blink on, but she wasn't ready to believe yet.

"You mean....." she asked.

"That's right – the football team, the rowing team, gymnastics team, chess team, administrators, the dean......" Amy grinned at Laura.

Laura was stunned to silence – but only for a moment.

"Could you explain how this happens?" she asked.

"Sure," Amy explained, "it's really quite simple. The girls at SUK have a talent that men really appreciate – and we're very good at it." She grinned wickedly and licked her lips.

"When a team can use a little.... shall we say 'inspiration', a coach or booster or professor will come to us and ask us to bring our special abilities to bear. Amy continued.

"You mean...." Laura began.

Amy interrupted her, "Here's an example – this fall – right before homecoming game – the football team wasn't looking too good. The head coach was talking to the boosters about his problem, and one of the wealthy alums came to the sorority and sat down with out committee. After a short meeting, four of our girls showed up in the locker room and made an offer that the team couldn't ignore."

Laura listened intently.

"Our girls basically told the team that we wanted a win – bad – and that if the team won the homecoming game, the whole team would be cumming that night – in SUK girls mouths."

Amy waited for Laura to fully digest the tale she had just told Laura. 

Laura moved from plaque to picture to award. "The football Team.... Basketball Team...... LaCrosse Team..... Bowling Team?"

Amy laughed, "Yep, even the bowling league – we don't discriminate."

Laura turned again to look at the awards as she digested what Amy had told her. She came across a very impressive-looking plaque with a picture next to it. In the picture, the Dean and Chancellor of the university were presenting the large plaque to a beaming petite young woman in a academic robe with a long hood trailing down the back.

"Who's this getting the award from the honchos?" she asked Amy.

"Oh, that's Patti - Sister Patricia - but most of the girls here refer to her as the Grand Fellatrix."

"The Grand Fellatrix?" Laura asked with mock awe.

"Patti is one of the girls who chartered SUK, she and a couple of friends did some research their Freshman and Sophomore years, and got a probationary charter approved when they started their Junior year. The full charter was granted by summer and Patti has stayed on to get several advanced degrees. That picture is when she got her 3rd Summa Cum Laude Doctorate, Dean's List, National Honor Society, the whole enchilada." Amy laughed.

"What's so funny?"

"Oh - Patti likes to say that she earned her degrees 'Some Cum Loudly'"

"Is she still around?" Laura asked.

"No so much anymore, she's traveling around the country setting up SUK chapters at other universities now. She does drop by every so often, and we always have some very special ceremonies when she does."

Laura plopped back down onto the sofa, "So let me see if I got this right - the SUK girls got all these awards from... giving head?"

"That's just the tip of the iceberg Laura," Amy explained, putting down her wine glass and gesturing for Laura to do the same, "but we have to be getting back - you still have a mission to finish." 

She started for the door, "Let's just say that our members love sucking cock, but rather than just 'Bobby' in the back seat of his beater Chevy, we take our talent and avocation and use it to advance ourselves and our sisters." She gestured around the room. "Everything you see here was in some way paid for by what we do. We don't 'buy' grades, but our willingness to 'work' with our male professors and tutors gets us every advantage and aid to our education. Our willingness to 'reward' the athletes for their efforts get us the admiration and appreciation of the coaches, administration, alumni association and the boosters." She led Laura back down the hallway. "There's also not a SUK girl who doesn't enjoy giving head, it wouldn't make sense. Hell, I love a hard cock in my mouth."

Laura looked a bit shocked, not that Amy loved to suck cock, but rather that she's say it so openly.

"There's so much more to it. Groups that we service paid for the whole building. We have scholarships, stipends, class trips, we get preferential treatment by everybody on campus, parties, presents, hell, a few of the girls even have expense accounts and cars. It's a win-win situation. We love to suck cock, and we get handsomely rewarded for our talents."

Amy went on, "The whole 'initiation' thing is just kind of a fun test - most girls never get the chance to suck more than one cock at a time before they join - so we made a game of it. Hell, I loved my initiation - all those horny guys fucking my mouth and pumping their hot cum down my throat. I was sad when it was over - it's hard to find a guy who cums like that without the preparation we give them." Amy looked almost dreamy as she spoke.

"We're here," she told Laura, stopping, "you're still up for this, right?"

"Hell yeah!" Laura grinned, "This is better than I thought, you guys have quite a setup here, I just thought you had a bit of a kinky initiation rite."

Amy laughed, "Good, I knew it when I sponsored you. I was just afraid you'd get scared off by the shock of it."