 This will be the final chapter in this series. It's an old story that I never published. I've been asked about it so thought I'd share it. 

This does bring up the situation of cheating spouses - so if this offends you, choose another story.

I plan to start a new series. I am playing with my writing abilities and want to try some different things to see what works best.

I'd been texting Ricky, the plumber, on Monday. I was bummed because we had some plans that fell through. To make it worse, he told me wasn't sure he was going to make it later this week to fix something off the clock. I tried to keep my disappointment from coming through, but I don't think I did well. Either way, I'd also text a girl he was trying to arrange a FMF with. He'd asked me a week or so ago to give her the information on how to find my stories so she could read them. 

Finally, my day takes a turn when she texts me back. She says she can take a day off this week and wanted to know what day we could meet at my place. Well, since Monday was shot, the next best date would be Wednesday. She text back a bit later and Wednesday was now scheduled with her work. I had to harass Ricky for keeping this from me. I mean what better way to cheer me up than to mention this was in process? I also asked him what service I should ask for from his scheduler and made notes for the next day to call since by the time all this was arranged it was past office hours.

So on Tuesday I schedule the service and let them both know it was arranged and what our time frame was. The day was full of texts from Ricky such as, "I can't wait to watch you eat her pussy." The texts Lindsay and I exchanged were along the lines of her coming over before Ricky would get there. I know I really wanted to meet her as she sounded really fun. We also exchanged Facebook information so we could see a quick picture of each other. I text her and told her she was gorgeous, (she is!) What's even better is Ricky never gave me much information on what she looked like, but somehow she looked exactly as I'd pictured.

Wednesday morning finally came and I took care of things and once the house was empty I text both Ricky and Lindsay to let them know. Ricky told me she was nervous and wanted me to text her. She sounded about as nervous as me, but we were both excited. I tried to keep myself busy and Ricky's job was taking forever. Lindsay ran her errands and text she was on her way. I got my outfit mostly ready, except my thigh highs since I knew they'd fall down fast. I put my black "strappy tube" dress on with my black lacy panties. I put a robe on until Ricky would arrive. I see a car pull up into my drive. She texts to let me know she is there. I text back confirming she is at the right place.

We talked and we text Ricky teasing him that we were talking about him. His job took forever! He said he'd fallen asleep waiting for parts. Well, I guess at least we had the advantage of being able to get to know each other. I think we clicked well and we found out so many different things we had in common and that our personalities really worked well together. We both knew Ricky was very meticulous and probably knew what he was doing when he chose to ask the two of us to be with him for his first FMF. We both commented we were kinda shocked we got to be a part of his "first" anything. I told her I actually found out Ricky can get a little bit jealous, which had really shocked me. We both shared how we met him and our various times together. She met him differently than me. She didn't meet him as her plumber. We also shared our current circumstances sexually and it was amazing how both our paths had led us to this moment in time.

Finally, I get the call from the service that he was on his way. It had been about 90 minutes since she had first arrived! We both went to my bedroom to change. I already had most of mine on, but I fixed it and took the robe off at this point. I also added my thigh highs and heels which were black and open. She had gone shopping so she got on a new outfit which was a black lace cover with a bright pink bra with black outlines and bright pink panties, Her high thighs attached to a garter belt and her heels were black and very high. She's a EEE, I'm a DDD. While we did see each other as we dressed, and we commented; we did not touch. We were waiting for Ricky to arrive. While we were both excited, we were both a bit nervous.

So finally Ricky knocks on the door. I let him in and of course the first thing he does is he takes a long deep breath as he looks at each of us. He'd kept telling us to get things started, but we waited. I rejoined Lindsay on the couch and there was room between us for Ricky. Lindsay patted the couch for him to sit. He sat down between us and he was like a kid in a candy store. Lindsay put her leg up onto his leg. She was showing off her really high heels. He looks at her and asks what she's been telling me because I've been texting him saying I was learning all sorts of stuff. We both started laughing. I love taunting him because I've found it gets him fast.

Just the night before I'd text him, "She is gorgeous!"

It was seconds later when the text reply back was, "You met her?"

Well, call me mean, I had to play it, so I replied, "Wouldn't you like to know?"

So he says, "Tell me now Bitch!"

Since it was close to time to go home, he'd jumped straight to this; usually we have more time to play. So I text back, "Guess you'll have to find out tomorrow."

His reply was, "If you don't tell me I'm calling in sick tomorrow!"

Damn, he's calling my bluff. So I wrote back, "Fine, no we didn't meet. We exchanged FB pages. C U tomorrow."

She explained that we were just talking about how each of us met him and how we meet up. He was "okay" with that. So he leans into Lindsay and they shared a kiss. I've never been so up close and personal with two people kissing. I wasn't sure what to do, so I just remained patient and let them enjoy their kiss. He then came up and leaned into me and we shared our kiss. Just like their kiss it was slow and long. His tongue slowly touched all around my mouth while his hands were firmly holding my head close to his. He let go and turned back to Lindsay and got down on the floor and spread her legs. He started eating her pussy.

My phone rang and it was my husband. Oh, if he could have seen what was going on in our living room, on our couch at that moment! I knew I had to answer or he'd keep calling and then he'd start asking why I didn't answer and I really didn't want him to not be able to reach me and decide to drive home. So I answered and he was really quiet. I'm not really sure why he called other than we'd had some arguments. I tried so hard to not make any sounds, but in the background Ricky was really getting into Lindsay's pussy. I'd watch and then have to look away so I didn't say anything or make any sounds. I had to get him off the phone. Finally I got him to hang up without any questions or suspicions. I walked back over to the couch and watched Ricky eating Lindsay's pussy and I touched her arm softly and then her leg. I had one hand roaming her and one roaming Ricky's back and head. She was clearly enjoying it. My pussy was getting wetter and wetter knowing what was coming soon. She threw her head back and Ricky was not slowing down. She started trying to wiggle away and moving up the couch.

Ricky came up and kissed me. I could taste Lindsay's pussy. I knew I'd be tasting it soon and I couldn't wait. This little sample told me I was going to enjoy this way too much. He then went down onto his knees and put my legs onto his shoulders. He grabbed my black lace panties and pulled them off. He threw them aside and pulled my pussy closer to his mouth. He dove in. His fingers opened my lips and his tongue licked my pussy so that it opened up. His tongue was getting closer and closer to my clit. Lindsay scoots closer and begins touching my breast. Her touch is soft and having her touching my breast while Ricky was persistently eating my pussy was sending my body into quivers quickly. Ricky came up and kissed Lindsay so now she had a taste of my pussy.

Ricky was trying to rearrange us and seeing what he was doing I told him we could go to the bedroom. Lindsay agreed we needed more room so off to the bedroom, my bed we went. Ricky told Lindsay to lay down with her head at the end of the bed and me to get on top of her in a 69 position. She lay down and I climbed on top. I situated myself so I could read her pussy with my tongue and then let her guide my pussy to her mouth. I began to slowly lick her pussy and used my fingers to open the lips up a little. I had no idea what I was doing so I tried different things. Since I was face down I'd start at the top and slowly lick downwards. I'd try to trace the same line back up. Then I'd concentrate on her clit and go side to side. Then I'd go back to licking up and down. 

Lindsay was going between eating my pussy and sucking Ricky's cock. Her tongue was soft and gentle. Then she would take her tongue to my clit and it would send my body's signals up a notch and then she would go back to the licking that was soft and gentle, but my body didn't calm back down. It was a consistent rise in intensity. At one point I thought to myself, when I do cum, it's gonna be huge with all this build up!

Ricky then came down to my end of the bed. Since Lindsay had her head all the way at the end of the bed, he was able to have enough room to get up onto the bed. He came down to where I was and looked me right in the eyes. "It's beautiful isn't it?" he asked. Not wanting to stop, I uttered quickly between licks, "Yep!" He started to finger her and was watching me eating her pussy. "You're a good little slut aren't you?" I smiled and shook my head. He re situated himself so that his cock was right in front of her pussy. 

"Suck me slut, "Ricky said holding his cock out. He kept fingering Lindsay and I licked around the head of his cock and then took it into my mouth. Then he said, "Watch this!" and he put his cock into her pussy and he brought it all the way out and I licked it. He put it back in and when he pulled it back out, I licked it again. I started focusing on her clit while he slowly went in and out. I thought I'd try something and started going between the two of them. So while he was deep inside her, I'd run my tongue along her clit. When he pulled out I'd run my tongue along his cock. Then when he'd push back in, I'd take my tongue back to her clit. Then he'd pull even the head out of her pussy and I'd lick around the head of his cock.

Ricky then pulled me up into a kiss thrusting his tongue all around my mouth. He told Lindsay, "Suck me". She knelt down and sucked him for just a couple minutes because Ricky was ready to cum. "She really knows how to suck a cock, she can make me cum really fast!"

Ricky looks at me and says, "She hasn't cum yet, right?" looking at me. I nodded. "So let me eat her." He goes to the side of the bed and tells me to scoot to the edge. He puts my legs up and opens them up. He buries his head in my pussy and he's licking and flicking my clit. Lindsay scoots closer to me and we kiss. Her kiss is soft and gentle and our tongues swirl with so many flavors. She then starts to softly rub my breasts. Ricky is intense with my pussy and starts fingering me. I am building hard and fast. I keep trying to relax. I think it's a curse to be so difficult to get off but then again, it does have its advantages too! Ricky puts a finger into my ass and I feel myself reaching the top. Lindsay whispers, "You're almost there" and continues rubbing and softly sucks my nipple. I had been building this entire time without cumming and the release was so powerful! I shook and quivered. Ricky continued licking until the waves subsided. 

Ricky then opened up my legs all the way and thrust into my pussy. He came out and thrust in again. He built rapidly and began fucking faster and faster. His head fell back and he stood there. I contracted my pussy muscles holding on as much as I could. He then went to Lindsay and got her to the edge of the bed and thrust his cock into her. He fucked her pussy starting hard and slow then going faster and faster. It didn't take long before his head went back again and he came again. His legs were shaking. 

"Damn! Fuck!" Ricky was exclaiming. "I didn't make it through my plan!" We were all laughing. We started getting dressed and picking up. Ricky looks and Lindsay and me and says, "Are you going to stay in contact?" We looked at each other and both said, "Yes!" Lindsay then added, "And we might even get together without you!"