 I never know what my wife's got up her sleeves. At 35, Lily is every bit as beautiful as she was at 25, when we were married. Long, blonde hair cascading across her face. Silky soft pale skin. Incredible, firm breasts. A tight tummy. An ass I can't keep my hands off of. I don't know how I lucked into my marriage, but I am thankful for it every day. And God bless the return of hip-hugger jeans! I can't watch my wife walk out of the room without some slight trepidation in my pants.

Last week, Lily decided to surprise me with a little poker party. I'm a big fan of an occasional Friday night poker game with friends, and Lily knew I'd been working so much lately I'd not had a chance to play. Lily enjoys an occasional card game herself, and has a tendency to bet irrationally and count on her natural good luck to pull her through. This game, though, was to be like no other poker game I'd ever sat in on. It was quite a night.

I got home from work a bit after 7:00 p.m., and Lily was already getting the dining room ready for the game. "Playing cards tonight?" I inquired while slipping her a quick kiss on the neck.

"Yep." Lily cast me a sly smile.

"Just the two of us?" 

"Who said you were invited?" Lily teased, setting the chips and cards on the table. "It's just us girls."

"Oh come on! You're kidding me."

"Oh, I guess you can play," Lily smiled. "I've invited Angela and Julie to join us."

She wasn't kidding. It was an all-girls game. And me.

Angela arrived about twenty minutes later. Giving me just enough time to slip into something more casual than my suit and grab a quick sandwich. Angela is one of Lily's friends from work. She's tall, muscular, and beautiful. Her short strawberry blond hair hugs her face nicely, and she has a habit of wearing tops that accentuate her beautiful tits. Tonight she was wearing a white tank top under a fuzzy gray sweater. I can't be sure – I could only see the beautiful olive skin of her cleavage – but I think her tits were smiling.

"Hiya Max." She gave me a quick peck on the cheek. "I hear we're playing some poker tonight." She smiled.

"Lily's in the kitchen pouring us some drinks," I said. Angela walked past me to find my wife.

I was watching Angela's incredibly ass tucked tightly into a pair of black low-rise jeans when I felt an arm slip around my waist. I almost jumped with shock – thinking I'd been caught ogling my wife's best friend – and as I turned to see who'd caught me I felt Julie plan a moist kiss on my cheek.

"Were you just staring at Angie's ass?" she poked me in the ribs.

"I—uh, well, I—"

Julie reached her hands out, grabbing a pretend ass in the air. "Yum. I bet it's a nice one." 

Julie's medium-length brown hair was pulled back into two pony tails. She was wearing a knee-length cottony dress with flowers printed on it. She looked like a schoolgirl. A naughty schoolgirl. I felt my cock stir.

"Geez, Max. Now you're staring at me!" Julie smiled. "You're a horny little bastard, aren't you?" She pinched my cheek and gave me a quick kiss on the lips. "Lily! I'm home!" 

Lily bounced around the corner wearing her favorite pants – a pair of hip-huggers that absolutely accent every curve of her body – and one of those double-sweater deals – where there's a tank sweater with another sweater over it – in hot pink. She was carrying two rocks glasses, Angela carrying two more.

Lily handed a drink to Julie, kissing her quickly on the cheek. "Looks like we're all here," she said. "What say we play?"

I took a sip of my drink – it was Irish whiskey on the rocks. "Wow," I said, feeling the smooth tingling as I swallowed. "Whiskey already. You're not messing around, are you?"

Lily just smiled and took a seat. We chatted for a while, sipping our whiskeys, and I actually started shuffle cards about the time Lily was pouring us our second or third glasses of whiskey. 

"What's the buy in?" I asked. I usually play with my friends for a $50 buy in – a dollar a hand.

"Buy in?" Julie asked. "Was I supposed to bring money?"

"You've got to play for something," I said. "What's the fun of winning if there's nothing to win?"

Lily smiled. "Apparently 'playing for fun' is lost on Max."

"Lost or not, I still don't have any money Lil.," Julie smiled.

"I've probably got a few bucks," Angela bent to lift up her purse. "Let me see what I've got."

"Or we could just play for clothes," Lily smiled.

The room fell silent. Everyone looked at Lily who was taking another sip of her whiskey. "What?" she winked at me. "We're all adults here. And we're all hot. And we've never seen each other naked. Except Max. It could be fun."

"Fun in a schoolgirl silliness sort of way, I guess." Julie was turning a bit red. The whiskey or the embarrassment, I don't know which. I didn't say anything. If we played this way, it was clearly to my advantage.

"Hell, I'm in." Angela was staring right at my wife with a smirk on her face. She gulped down her whiskey and slid the glass in my general direction. "I'll need more whiskey, but I'm in." I topped off her glass.

A few minutes and another round of whiskey later, there I was sitting at a round table with three of the prettiest women I know, and we were going to play strip poker. I was floored. Lily's the only married one in her circle of friends, but I'd long stopped trying to keep track of the current status of any of Angela or Julie's relationships. It was kind of weird, actually. Contemplating how this night might play out. I shuffled the cards.

"We'll just play five card stud," I said. "Shoes count as one item. Socks count as one item. Jewelry, belts, and hair toys don't count. Lowest hand takes off a piece of clothing. Does that work?" Julie giggled nervously. "You ready, Jules?" I smiled at her, imagining what she'd look like without that schoolgirl dress on. She nodded. I dealt.

Lily lost the first hand, and giggled when she saw her cards. "I think this means you'll all be smelling my feet, she giggled." Off came her shoes. 

Next hand saw me lose my shoes followed by Lily losing her top sweater. Fourth hand, Angela lost her socks and fifth hand Angela lost her sweater. Sixth hand, Julie lost. It was her first loss.

"Okay," Julie smiled. "I kicked my shoes off at the door. I'm only wearing a dress and my underwear. I'm NOT taking off my dress." She slipped her hands into her dress and unsnapped her bra, sliding it back out through the dress sleeve. "Here you go, Max." She slid it across the table to me.

I could just make out the silhouette of her breasts beneath the dress. My dick sprang to life. Now this game was getting exciting! I dealt again.

And lost and lost and lost. My socks came off, then my shirt came off then my pants came off. In three hands I was down to my boxers and a t-shirt. Fortunately my embarrassment helped to reduce the swelling in my pants. As I slipped out of my trousers, Angela whistled. The whiskey was getting to her. "Take it all off!" she called to me.

"You first," Lily said, looking at Angela almost fully dressed.

I dealt the next hand, and was delighted to see that I was not the loser. Angela lost, and pointed out that she was now about to lose either her pants, her tank top, or her panties. She was about to be down to two pieces of clothing – just like me. She took a sip of her whiskey, then slipped out of her jeans, setting them behind her. Red silk panties. I think I could make out a few whisps of strawberry blonde peeking around the edges. Angela sat down quickly.

"I love those panties," Lily smiled at Angela. "Can I see them again?"

Angela laughed out loud. "Next time I lose, Lil, you can HOLD 'em." All three girls laughed. I'm not sure why these three girls were having so much fun playing strip poker with me, but they certainly were. Lily blew each of them a kiss and then turned to me, smiling at my growing bulge barely concealed beneath my t-shirt and boxes. "Deal the cards, honey."

Lily lost. She slipped out of her pants, making a sexy strip tease out of it. She ground her pink-pantied pussy in my direction a couple of times, stroking her ass as she eased out of her pants. "Can you give me a hand, Ang?" She lifted a leg in Angela's direction and Angie stood to pull Lily's pants off her legs. I could see the wetness making a line in the center of Lily's pink satin panties. My erection was pounding at the waistband of my boxers.

Angela and Lily slid back into their seats as I shuffled the cards and dealt them out. Lily lost again, and slid herself out of her sweater without so much as a moment's hesitation. Lily was sitting in nothing but her bra and panties, and she was loving every minute of the eyes – not just mine, but Angela's and Julie's too – scanning every inch of her flawless body.

Next hand, Julie lost. She was being quiet, but she was still playing the game. She smiled at me and stood up, slowly reaching under her dress to slip out of her panties. They were floral and blue. She tossed them on the floor at her side and sat back down. My heart was pounding in my chest. I swear I could smell the intoxicating scent of pussy in the air.

I couldn't stop. I couldn't speak. My mouth was dry. All I could do was deal and see what would happen next. 

Angela lost and turned her back to the table as she slipped out of her panties. Her ass was maybe eight feet from me and my erection was throbbing, watching her slip out of those red silk panties. She bent over a bit, slipping the panties off of one of her legs and I could see the delicate folds of her pussy through the shadow of her legs. I thought I was going to come right there.

She spun around and sat with a plop back in the chair. It's funny. Even though – once sitting – she looked the same, (wearing nothing but a tank top), I knew she was naked below the tank top, and that knowledge was impossible for me to shake. I just stared at her. 

"Here," she said tossing her panties to Lily. "They're from Vickie's."

My wife lifted Angela's panties to her face. "Do you use special detergent," she raised an eyebrow. "They smell incredible." She lifted Angie's panties to her nose and inhaled. Nobody at the table breathed. I don't know if it was a sensual for everyone else as it was for me, but it was breathtaking, that's for sure. Lily set the panties on the table in front of her and lifted her glass again. "What are you waiting for?" she smiled at me.

I laid the cards out again, and this time Julie lost. By my calculations, this made Julie naked. "What happens now," Julie asked. "That's it for me."

"If you want to keep playing," Lily piped up, "you need to take your dress off Jules. Otherwise we can play something else."

"No!" Julie piped up at once. She was clearly enjoying herself. "I want to see that bastard husband of yours lose his shorts." With that, she stood and slipped her dress over her head. 

Her pussy was neatly trimmed into the little landing strip that's all the rage now and her tits were absolutely everything I'd dreamed about. I was in sexual overdrive. My cock was aching it hurt so bad. Julie pulled the dress over her head and sat down smiling. "Deal 'em, Max. You're going down!" I only hoped I'd be so lucky.

Angela was leaning back in her chair trying to get a better view of Julie. My wife was practically drooling across the table. Who knew they were all into girls, too? Maybe my wife did, but I certainly didn't. I was anxious to see how this would play out. I delt.

And lost. Off went my boxers. I tried my best to appear proud of my huge erection, but it's naturally embarrassing to be standing in a dining room showing your meat to three scantily clad women. Julie whistled. Angela gave me a little cat call. My wife leaned over to me and kissed me on the cheek. "Having fun, Max?" she smiled.

"No fair!" Angie called out. "You can't kiss him. We're all frustrated here, sitting around in next to nothing. You can't touch him. That's not fair."

To recap, I was in nothing but a t-shirt, Lily was wearing her bra and panties, Angela was in nothing but a tank top, and Julie was naked. This was not my usual Friday night poker game, that's for sure.

Lily sat down. "Deal 'em," she winked at me.

Next hand, I lost again. Off came my shirt. Now I was naked, and my erection was barely concealed beneath the table. I was having trouble focusing. "What happens if I lose now?" I asked.

Lily had obviously thought this through. "Winner decides. We'll keep playing until someone chickens out. Loser must do what the winner requests."

My eyes rolled back in my head. I have GOT to be dreaming, I thought. I shuffled and dealt the cards.

Julie won. Lily lost. "Okay, Lil. Time for you to get naked, too."

Lily smiled sweetly and stood up, slipping out of her panties. They were drenched, and I could tell from where I was that her pussy was swollen and wet. I wanted to throw myself on the ground in front of her and bury my tongue in her pussy, but my erection or the audience or the whiskey prevented it. She kicked her panties off, then reached behind her and unhooked her bra, freeing her perfect c-cups.

"Wow," Julie smiled. "You've got really nice tits, Lil." Lily thanked her and sat down. 

Next hand, Julie won and Angela lost. "I guess I'm the nakedness police, Ang. Time for you to lose your shirt." Angela stood up and pulled her shirt over her head. Her tits were smaller than the other two, but absolutely perfectly proportioned to her frame. Angela cupped one of her tits and smiled at me, acting crazy. "Feel like a kid in a candy store, Max?" She winked. I laughed dryly. 

We were all naked now. I couldn't pause. I couldn't think. I had to press on. I dealt the cards immediately before anyone had a chance to point out the obvious. Lily won. Julie lost. What now, I wondered.

Julie smiled. Lily leaned forward, resting an arm on the table. "He's about to come, Jules. I think you better get over here and finish him." I was dumbfounded. I couldn't move.

"Are you serious?" Julie asked.

"Oh come on," Lily smiled slyly. "I know there's some sexual tension between you. Let's get it over with. Angela will enjoy the show as much I as I will, won't you Ang?"

"Hell yes!"

I tried to play it cool. Sliding my chair away from the table a bit, bringing my erection into plain view. Angela pushed her chair around to Lily's side. Julie didn't move.

"You sure you're ok with this," she asked my wife.

"Stop stalling," Lily responded. "Let's go."

I was staring straight into my wife's glowing eyes when Julie slipped her lips around my dick. I was in heaven. Her warm wet mouth enveloped me, and I knew I wouldn't make it very long. Julie gave me a quick lick around the head of my penis and a low moan escaped my lips before she plunged me deep into her mouth. I gasped and squirmed as she began to slide her lips up and down my shaft. 

"Oh God," I whispered, closing my eyes.

"Come for me, baby," Julie spoke into my penis before slipping her lips around me again and sliding her mouth against my tool again. I couldn't have kept my orgasm away if I'd tried. I opened my eyes as Julie worked my tool and ran my eyes along her flawless naked body. Her whole body was bouncing up and down on my dick as she worked her mouth around me. He tits were bouncing against my thighs. Her warm pussy sliding against my ankle. 

I looked up, knowing my orgasm would take me at any moment. The last thing I saw before my eyes involuntarily shut was my wife, kneeling between Angela's legs, lapping at her best friend's pussy. I exploded, shooting a hot stream of sticky-wet come deep into Julie's mouth. She sucked and bounced and moaned. I was in heaven. My body was numb as Julie continued to suck my pole clean. I couldn't move. I just let the waves of pleasure overtake me. 

I opened my eyes as the numbness receded and found my wife had moved Angela to the floor. Lily had her tongue deep in Angela's box and was sucking and licking her for all she was worth. Lily slipped a finger then two deep into Angela's pussy, sliding her lips up to encapsulate Angela's swollen clit. Angela cried out, "Ah fuck!" and Lily rammed two fingers deep into her pussy, fucking her with her fingers as she sucked and massaged her clit with her tongue. 

"Jesus, that's hot." Julie was sitting on the floor, clutching my leg and watching. She was as enthralled as I was. As my wife continued to work her magic on Angela, I slid out of my chair and gently pushed Julie back onto the floor. I kissed and sucked at her tits while I gently slid my finger across her incredibly wet pussy. 

"Oh, Max." she called out as I slipped just the tip of my finger into her hole. I pushed my way down and slid my tongue across her slit. "Oh Jesus, Max." She pushed her pussy into my face. I slid my tongue against the length of her pussy and gently teased the edges of her pussy and butthole with my fingers. "Right there," she said. I slipped my tongue around her engorged clit as I allowed my pinky – slick with her juices – to slide into her ass. She was screaming a steady stream of "fucks" as I sucked on her clit and gently slid simultaneous fingers into her ass and her pussy. She was pushing against my face and breathing in deep breaths as I felt her pussy contract around my finger. I latched on to her clit, sucking and licking for all I was worth as Julie screamed out "fuck me fuck me fuck me." Her orgasm lasted for a couple of minutes as she lay paralyzed on the floor, moaning. I ran my tongue along the length of her pussy and she shook involuntarily. I kissed her pussy, then her tummy, then her neck.

"That was incredible," Julie spoke into my ear between ragged breaths.

As Julie rested for a moment, I turned my attention to my wife, who was on her knees still devouring Angela's pussy. Angela was lying flat on the floor, her legs akimbo, and my wife was huddled between her legs, sucking her way to what I could only assume was to be Angela's second orgasm.

I slipped up behind Lily and, gently sliding my hands down her amazing ass, I lifted her up slightly allowing myself access to her pussy. She didn't need much coaxing. She was re-adjusting herself quicker than I could have directed her and within a minute, I had my erect cock buried deep into my wife's tight pussy. 

Not to be left out of the game, Angela had slid between my wife, and was licking and sucking my wife's pussy while I pounded into her. It was a delicate balance. Me on my knees sliding my erection into Lily's tight box from behind while Angela squatted in front of her, licking and sucking on Lily's still-swollen clit. Somehow we made it work. Lily was moaning and thrusting herself onto my shaft. I could feel my orgasm building in my balls. And then, unexpectedly, Angela began moaning and pushing into my wife's pussy and my cock as Julie crawled between Angela's legs.

You'd think with four of us someone would be left out, but there seemed to be room for everyone. As I fucked my wife, Angela licked my shaft and sucked my wife's clit while my wife worked her magic on Angela's tits and Julie did her best to suck the life out of Angela's gorgeous pussy. It took moments before we were all coming again. Lily first, shoving the full weight of her body against my erect shaft and screaming my name as she came. Then Angela, pushing herself away from us to literally ride Julie's face. And finally me. As my wife pounded into me, I could hold it no longer. I shot a second load of come deep into Lily's hot pussy as I fell to my knees, Lily tumbling down with me.

And it didn't end there. As soon as my wife hit the ground, Julie was crawling toward her dripping pussy, anxious to lick her clean as Angela looked up at me smiling. "How long am I going to have to suck you before you're hard enough to fuck my like you just did your wife?" she smiled at me. Not long. My erection was already on the rise.