 Princess,

We'll be staying at my place this Friday. Coat with nothing under it again, put your hair in a ponytail this time. I heard you had a good time this weekend, pool party sounds like it must have been a ball. I'll pick you up at 4:30.

Your Lancelot

* * * * *

Todd picked her up on Friday, the conversation during the ride centered around the pool party. Like Chad, he wanted to know what had happened. Mostly he seemed amused that her step-cousin had taken advantage of the situation the way he did. For some reason she had distantly be hoping that it would make him angry or jealous, not that she needed protection from Chad since he'd be gone for the summer. She'd convince her father to let her get an apartment with a girlfriend or something, and then she just wouldn't let Chad know where she was - and even if he found out she didn't have to let him in. 

Arriving at Todd's apartment complex, he molested her a bit in the elevator, kissing her and reaching in and under her coat to toy with her body. He liked to listen to her gasp and moan as he played with her, and she seemed quite content to let him have his way with her body. We'll see how she reacts to this date, he thought with a satisfied smile. If all had gone the way he'd hoped last week, she'd finally be ready for this... if not, well he still had the video tapes. He'd find some way to get her back into his bed at least.

When they entered his apartment and walked into the main room, there was a large group of other people there. Allison gasped as she recognized several of the guys - including Chad (whom she had thought would be out of town this week). There were eight guys total, and another girl who was sitting on one of the guys, kissing him while his hands moved under her shirt. Just that sight gave Allison a clue of what she was in for. A quick look at Todd showed her that there was going to be no way for her to talk him out of this, and she sighed and slumped her shoulders in resignation. This was the second to last date... and at least she always got off (usually multiple times)... maybe it wouldn't be so bad. Inside her head, however, she renewed her vow to move into her own apartment, preferably in another town. 

The guys all greeted Todd and leered at her, they were brown-haired and blonde, one guy had black hair like Todd, one redhead and one very large black guy. All the ones that she knew were from Todd's frat so she guessed that the rest were as well. At least his frat had a reputation for making its members take constant STD tests - they had to since they constantly shared sorority pledges. From the Greek letters stretched across the brunette's rather small boobs, Allison figured that she was probably one of the frat's shared girls for the year. Not that she seemed at all adverse to her situation, jumping up to greet Todd with a kiss as enthusiastic as the one she'd been giving the guy whose lap she'd been sitting on the moment before. Allison was surprised to feel a slight twinge of jealousy as the other brunette swapped spit with Todd. Quelling the emotion, she told herself it was only natural, after all he had been the one to take her virginity.

By now all the guys in the room were leering at her exposed legs, as if they knew that underneath her coat she was completely naked. Knowing Todd, they probably did. Chad got up and stepped over to her, 

"Cousin, let me get your coat," he said, mockingly playing the gentleman.

She glared at him, "I thought you were going out of town this week."

"I did," he grinned at her, "I got back this morning, I leave for Italy on Monday! When I got home Todd very kindly extended an invitation to me for tonight." He nodded to his host, who nodded back a very amused expression on his face. Chad turned back to her, smiling, "So, let's get you out of that coat so we can really begin the evening."

Holding her chin high, she calmly unbuttoned the coat - refusing to give the guys any satisfaction by showing emotion - and stripped it off, handing it to Chad. The guys let out whoops and cheers as her curvy body became visible, bringing heat and color to her cheeks even though she didn't allow her expression to change. Standing there completely naked in a group of men she barely knew, she barely recognized herself.

Todd smiled approvingly at her, "We're going to play some poker Allison... I'm sure you know how to play." a wink, that heightened the color in her cheeks, "We're playing strip poker and we're all wearing five pieces of clothing. You get four forfeits and then if you lose a fifth time... we all get you for the night." He grinned at her despairing expression. It'd be almost impossible to beat all of them that many times, she would lose eventually. This was really just Todd's way of drawing out the agony, and humiliating her in the process.

When she didn't make any protest, the guys began setting up the game on the coffee table; next to her were the big black guy and Todd. She realized she didn't actually know anyone's name except Todd and Chad's, somehow that was comforting. If she didn't know their names, hopefully they weren't people that she'd run into very often. The big black guy eyed her appreciatively, and she shrunk back a little against Todd; her parents weren't racist exactly, they just didn't know anyone who was black and she didn't have much experience with them either. The size of the huge guy made her feel very small and very vulnerable. Unfortunately, shrinking against Todd reminded him that she needed a forfeit for the first hand.

"Ah, let's see. The first time Allison loses, the winner gets a few minutes to do whatever he - or she -," a quick smile at the other brunette, "Wants." Then he began dealing out the cards. Allison felt a little queasy as she realized that she and the other girl were almost certainly going to be involved that night; she didn't know why lesbianism turned other guys on so much it just did and there was nothing to do about it. 

Allison managed not to lose the first few hands, although it was close. She did lose the fourth though, and Todd pulled her up from her seat, pushing her in the direction of the cute guy who had won. He had long brown hair and kind eyes, pulling her into his lap so that she was facing him, he squeezed her breasts, mouthing the nipples gently. Relaxing a little, she pushed her chest towards him, encouraging the touch as her breasts worked their usual effect on her pussy. Sucking harder on her nipple, he pinched and twisted the other one with his hand, then briskly rubbed the entire breast in his hand. Switching nipples with his mouth, his fingers toward just as roughly with the one he'd been sucking, pulling it away from her body and letting it drop so that her boob bounced. After a minute of that, he really began mauling her breasts, squeezing them hard and chewing on the pert cherry nipples. 

Once he stopped, Allison realized that she was moaning and rubbing her crotch on his body. Blushing furiously, she got up off his lap and walked back to her place, wobbling a little. When she sat, Todd spread her legs and pushed his fingers into her very wet pussy, pulling them out he showed his soaked fingers to the rest of the group,

"Nice job," he said to the guy who had been playing with her boobs. The guys sitting next to him clapped him on the back as Todd held his fingers in front of Allison's face for her to clean. She did so, and played the next few hands of poker with her the taste of her pussy in her mouth.

Todd declared that her next forfeit would be that the winner could play with her pussy for a few minutes - hands and mouth only though. Quite a few hands passed before she lost again, almost all of the guys had lost at least half their clothes and the brunette was sitting in her underwear. The big black guy next to her had won the round; rather than sitting her on his lap he had her bend over in front of him. With her hands braced on the low coffee table, her ass was high in the air in front of him. He trailed fingers through her wetness, rubbing her slit and her clit before pushing one fat finger into her pussy hole. She shivered a little, the size of just his finger was rather intimidating and she wondered if his dick would be a match for Todd's. Pumping his finger in and out of her, he added another one and she moaned a little as he began to push the two digits in. When he pulled them out, he leaned forward and placed his large dark hands on her slim white hips and pulled her body back towards him as his tongue buried itself in her pussy. Now she was really moaning and pushing back towards him as the large tongue swirled her juices around. He sucked her clit into his mouth and did the most amazing thing with his lips, vibrating them around the sensitive nub.

To the amazement of the entire group, Allison came right there as her clit vibrated in her mouth. Crying out her pleasure, she was starting to get a similar rush as she had the day Todd had brought her to his office building; having so many people watch as her body was ravished sent a thrill through her even as she came down from the peak of her orgasm. As she slumped back into her seat, she stared at the large man sitting next to her, who grinned smugly and licked his lips clean of her juices. 

Todd said behind her, "Ronald plays the saxophone and the trumpet." There was definite amusement in his voice... and just maybe a tinge of jealousy??

Allison didn't have much time to think about it as he announced that the next time she lost the winner would have similar access to her pussy and/or her asshole. Fortunately, it was quite awhile before she lost again, by the time she had one of the guy's was completely out of the game and the other girl was sitting in just her panties. The winner was the red-head, like the black guy he had her lean over in front of him.

Sucking his fingers to get them wet, he slid one into her ass, twisting and wiggling as he sank it into her dark hole. The other guys cheered as she grimaced and whimpered a little. When he added the second finger, he used his other hand to slide two fingers into her pussy and rubbed both sets of fingers through the thin interior lining. Allison wriggled and panted as he added a third finger to both hole, stretching them wonderfully. Her breasts hung low beneath her body, bouncing and jiggling as she moved, providing a great show for the guys who couldn't see what was going on behind it. Despite the fact that she was afraid of the outcome of the night, she couldn't help but get turned on as all these guys watched her debasement with naked lust on their face. They were all hard, and they all wanted her. 

The guy pumped her ass and pussy with three fingers each, before finally pulling them out. She stayed in place for a moment before making her way back to her seat. The musky smell of her pussy was now filling the room as her juices leaked down her thighs. Sitting down, Todd declared her final forfeit: the winner would be able to manhandle her body with hands and mouth in whatever way he wanted for a few minutes.

Ten minutes later, she lost again. By now the other girl was completely out, along with three of the guys - who were all playing with the other girl's body as they watched the game. Slight moans from the girl filled the air as Allison moved to the winner, another cute blonde guy. He settled her on his lap, playing with her breasts for a few moments; bouncing them on her chest and twisting her nipples roughly. Turning her around in her accustomed position over the coffee table, he spanked her ass a couple times and she squealed in surprise - the guys all laughed and cheered. His tongue licked her thighs and pussy, cleaning the juices that had flown from her very eager pussy. Moaning, she pushed back against him as he sucked her pussy lips into his mouth. 

Then she got a shock as his mouth moved up over her pussy and he started sucking on her asshole. It felt just as good as it had the time before with the blonde woman.

"He's got his tongue in her ass!" she heard one of the guy's next to them shout, and the room cheered as the guy worked over her asshole. Her knees began to feel weak as he sucked and pushed with his tongue; fortunately his turn was over before she could actually collapse in front of him.

"Next turn, and she's all ours," Todd said, winking at her cheerfully as the guys in the room let out another whoop of joy, "I think that we might keep playing even after she gets out. First winner gets first choice of hole, second gets second choice and third gets third choice. After that... it's wherever you can get in!" the guys all cheered again as she blushed.

To their left, the guys who were already out of the game were getting hand jobs and a blowjob from the sorority girl, they knew that they'd have to wait their turn with Allison anyway, so they might as well enjoy themselves while they watched the game. Allison wondered what was going on in the other girl's mind as the three guys played with her pussy, tits and ass. She only had time to wonder for a moment as the game began again with a vengeance. 

Thankfully, Chad was the next guy out, leaving her with Todd, the big black guy, a blonde, and a guy with shoulder-length brown hair. Todd went next (she had a feeling it was deliberately - what did he need to compete for her body?), leaving the last three guys a secured first spot in one of her holes. When Todd left, he went to the sorority girl on the floor, turning her on her back and putting her legs over his shoulders as he pushed his thick cock into her wet and waiting pussy. The girl moaned as her pussy stretched wide. 

Having the girl moaning her pleasure as Todd pumped away in her pussy was rather distracting for all the remaining poker players. Allison almost lost the next hand, but fortunately the brown haired guy had a worse deal than she had. However, he'd still secured himself to be first in one of her holes. She lost the next hand though, and watched with some jealousy as the girl climaxed while Todd jack hammered her pussy. As he filled the sorority slut up with cum, his deep brown eyes met Allison's hazel ones and held them until he pulled his dick of the girl. 

At the table, the black guy and the blonde battled for first choice of her body; as the game began, the brown haired guy who'd come in third pulled her onto his lap and started playing with her breasts. She bit her lip to keep from moaning as the sensations went straight to her already overflowing pussy. The end of the round... the blonde threw down four fives, sure he'd won until the big black guy smiled and laughed. The whole room cheered as he lay down a royal flush of hearts, it was just too ironic. All the guy's stood and began stripping, eight various sized hard dicks pointing at her was a rather daunting sight. What was more daunting was when the guys stepped back so the big black guy could take first choice of holes.

The big black guy had a huge black dick. It wasn't as thick as Todd's, but only barely, and it was much much longer. Standing straight and blunt away from his body, it had to be at least 11" long, if not an entire foot. Huge balls hung beneath the intimidating vision, swaying gently as he walked towards her. Grabbing her much smaller white body, it seemed like his dark skin swallowed her up as he pressed her close to him, covering her lips with his own. The watching crowd cheered as he pulled her down to the floor on top of him. Hesitating, she straddled him and positioned the huge head of his long dick at her hole. With his hands behind his head, he watched as the formerly snobby white bitch slowly lowered herself onto his long black pole. 

Allison felt like she was sliding forever as his dick filled her up, stretching open places in her pussy that had been previously unexplored. She moaned as her groin finally touched his. The surrounding circle watched in awe as her pussy engulfed the entire shaft, it seemed incredible that her body had managed to accommodate the monster. Placing her hands on his muscular chest for balance, she began lifting herself back up, only getting about halfway before letting herself slide down again. It felt incredible. She began to move a little faster, as behind her the blonde runner up looked her body over.

"Get Carrie over here, I need to get my dick wet before plugging this bitch's ass." The surrounding crowd cheered, and Allison realized that Carrie must be the other girl's name. When the other brunette was on her knees in front of the blonde and sucking his dick, the third place guy with brown hair walked around to the front of Allison.

"As long as he knows where he's going to go, I might as well start enjoying myself!." The guy's cheered again as Allison obligingly opened her mouth to swallow his 7" prick. Behind her, the blonde pulled his saliva coated dick from Carrie's mouth and knelt between the black guy's legs. With his dick in his hand, he guided the head to the tight entrance of Allison's ass.

Slowing her movements on the black guy's large cock, she waited as the blonde began forcing his dick up her tight entrance. Shuddering, she moaned around the dick in her mouth as another piece of meat filled her last hole; she felt totally stuffed with dick. As the three men began to move in unison, plugging her holes wonderfully, two other guys knelt on either side of her and began playing with a tit with one hand and jerking themselves off with their other hand. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see the last three guys - including Todd and Chad - with Carrie in a similar position, impaling on her their three dicks. 

Is that what I look like right now? To her surprise, the thought rather turned her on even more. Then the guys at her tits really starting pulling on her nipples, milking her heavy breasts, and her mind came back to more important things. As her body adjusted to the two dicks stuffing her pussy and ass, she began feeling a kind of pleasurable burning filling her ass, the kind that she got in her pussy before she came. The two poles rearranged her insides as they pounded her body hard, and the guy in her mouth was holding her head in position so that he could really skull-fuck her. She wasn't sucking at all, instead he was using her mouth and throat as if it was a third pussy - probably a good thing because with everything else being done to her body she didn't have the attention capability to actually give him a blowjob.

With her body completely adjusted to the large amount of cock in it, her intense arousal from the poker game returned, and she started cumming hard while they hammered into her. The clenching of her ass and the moans issuing from her mouth brought the blonde and the brown haired guy off; she drank the cum in her mouth without even thinking about it. The two guys pulled out as the black guy beneath her continued to brutalize her pussy with his huge slab of meat. As soon as the dicks had left her ass and mouth, two more replaced them, filling her up again.

It started to feel like one continuous orgasm as the dicks in her left and were replaced, there were always at least two in her at any given time - although she had noticed that guys would leave the room and come back. After a while, she realized that these were the guys who had been in her or Carrie's ass, leaving to wash the residue off their dicks before returning for me. She felt grateful for that small dignity at least, she didn't have to worry about tasting her own - or somebody else's ass - on someone's dick. The only thing she really remembered out of the cocks continuously pumping into her body, was when the big black guy took a turn in her ass. His long cock opened up spaces in her insides that burned as he stretched her out, and she gasped and moaned as he finally dug balls deep into her ravaged ass. Though the intense haze of pleasurable pain, she came as he pounded her ass with his long meat, feeling the tip of his cock rearranging her insides while she moaned and her pussy creamed. 
