 Farming was hard work. Freddy had been so busy lately that all his muscles were aching from unloading the delivery of hay the truck had brought in that morning. He was looking forward to the weekend away that he had planned. He'd arranged for a worker to look after the property for him while he drove up to Byron Bay for a well-earned break. A weekend of surfing and lazing around reading a book on the beach was just what he needed. He was thinking of all the bronzed bodies that he would see while he was away when he heard someone shouting from behind the barn.

"Freddy! The cow's stuck in the fence again. Get the wire-cutters!" Great, he thought to himself. It's going to be one of those days. He flicked his blonde dreadlocks back behind his head and headed up towards the house.

 The turn off came up quicker than he had thought it would and Freddy had to change lanes quickly in order not to miss it. He was driving his old work ute along the road into the town centre, when the traffic slowed down and he saw a little stall selling flowers on the side of the road. Sitting in a chair next to the stall was one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen. She had long brown hair pulled to the side in a plait and flawless brown skin to match. She was wearing a long flowing red lacy skirt and a black singlet with no bra underneath. That was one of the first things Freddy looked for in a woman, whether she had nice perky tits or not. He loved to run his fingers and tongue over nice breasts with hard nipples. Just thinking about it gave him a hard-on, as it had been a while since the last time he'd had a woman in his bed. As he was driving to his accommodation he thought that he'd have to remember to come back to this spot to see if the woman was still here. Maybe he'd ask her out to dinner.

The key turned in the lock and Freddy slid open the door and stepped inside his cabin. Inside, there was a queen sized bed with big fluffy pillows sitting on top, a TV and DVD player in another corner with a lounge in front of it and a small self contained kitchen. He set his bags down and walked into the bathroom to use the toilet. He noticed the large mirror over a basin next to the shower and a spa in the corner with a window that overlooked the beach. He decided to make use of the spa after he'd gotten something to eat. As he was changing out of his jeans and shirt and into a pair of shorts and a singlet he looked at himself in the mirror. His chest and arms had both gotten quite muscly since he'd started farming and his hair had turned a lighter shade of blonde. He flexed his muscles and saw his hairy chest harden and realised that he had turned into quite a good-looking man over the years. He finished changing and grabbed his keys and started off on the short walk into town.

While he was sitting on the deck of the little café waiting for his toasted sandwich and coffee to arrive, he looked out towards the beach and spotted some people riding the waves. One surfer in particular caught his eye. She had short blonde hair and was wearing a black bikini. Her abs were well defined and there wasn't an ounce of fat on her body. He sat and watched her while he ate his lunch. When he was almost finished his coffee, he noticed the short blonde heading up the beach with her surfboard, right in his direction. He watched her wash off her board underneath one of the showers and then rinse the salt water out of her hair. She picked up her board and came over to the café and started talking to one of the waiters.

"Hey Jeremy. Could I please have a latte to go?"

"Sure Susan. Coming right up. I'll put it on your tab."

She leaned her board against the wall and picked up a towel that was hanging over one of the windows in the café and started drying herself off. She wrapped the towel around her waist and looked directly at Freddy.

"Haven't seen you here before." she said.

"No, I'm not from around here. I saw some of those waves you were catching though. Looked like you were having a good time."

"Yeah, I've been surfing since I was a kid. You surf?"

"Not very well I'm afraid. I'm from the country."

"And what brings you here?" she asked pointing to the seat next to him. "Mind if I sit with you?"

"Please go ahead." He pulled the chair out for her.

"Ah, a gentleman. Don't get that much around here." She said smiling.

"I've been flat out at work lately and I just needed to get away for a while. Do something totally different."

"Well, you've come to the right place if you want to relax. It's a very laid back kind of town and the people are pretty friendly too. You here alone?"

"Yeah. I haven't been here before though. Know of any good places to go out at night?"

"Some are better than others. I don't have any plans tonight, if you like I could meet up with you for a drink?" 

He liked how straightforward she was being. You don't get that much where he was from. "Sure. Where shall we meet?" 

She pointed to a place down the street and said, "There's a place about 100 metres away called 'The Balcony'. They do pretty good meals if you're hungry. Maybe we could get a bite to eat too? See you there around 7ish?"

"Sounds great. I'll see you then."

The waiter came over with her coffee, she thanked him and stood to leave. "I'm Susan by the way."

"Freddy. It was lovely to meet you."

"Same. See you tonight." She winked at him, picked up her board and started walking down the street.

Back at his cabin, Freddy thought about the long walk on the beach that he'd taken after meeting Susan. He liked the feel of sand beneath his toes and the water was refreshingly cool. He liked Byron Bay already. He headed into the bathroom and filled up the spa bath. When it was full he turned it on, got in, laid back and relaxed as the bubbles caressed him. He thought about meeting up with Susan tonight and wondered if he should invite her back to the cabin. She did ask him out after all, so maybe she'd appreciate him being as straightforward as she was? He thought about how she held her board with her strong arms as she stood there in nothing but her bikini and wondered what she'd be like in bed. He started getting another erection and decided to start stroking himself. It had been a while since he last masturbated and since he had nothing better to do before going out, he enjoyed the sensation as the bubbles pampered his tired body and his mind thought of nothing but Susan. He gripped his penis at the base while cupping his balls with one hand and slid up and down the shaft and over the tip with the other. He continued on like this until he felt the urge to come and let go of his balls and started gently knocking the head of his penis against the palm of his hand. He came with a shudder, looked down and smiled.

Freddy was dressed in his jeans and button up shirt as he headed back into town again. He found the pub that had the balcony running around the second floor and looked for Susan as he headed towards the bar. He ordered a beer and looked around the pub. He spotted Susan sitting at a table with another woman. As he started walking over to her, he realised that the woman she was sitting with, was the same woman that he'd seen at the flower stand on his way into town. Tonight, he would be having dinner and drinks with two beautiful women. Who knew where this was going to lead, he thought.

"Hey Susan." He said as he pulled up a chair next to the women.

"Hey Freddy. I hope you don't mind that I brought a friend. This is Amanda."

She held out her hand and he took it in his. He noticed that her skin was so soft as he gently shook it.

"No. That's fine. I don't mind having dinner with two beautiful women at all." He said smiling.

"Susan is my partner actually." Amanda stated, putting her hand on his knee. "We're bi." Both the women looked at Freddy to see what his reaction would be. He sat there starting at both of them and started laughing.

"So, am I suppose to be the out of towner that's meant to fill a gap in your relationship for one night?" he enquired with a big grin on his face.

"We were hoping so." Said Susan, chewing on her bottom lip. "I hope you don't mind us being so direct. I just thought you might be up for some fun while you were here?"

He looked at them. "Are you pulling my leg just to get a reaction out of me?"

"No, we're serious. Susan told me that she met you on the beach today and asked me if I wanted to come out and have a couple of drinks and a good time with a good looking guy tonight. It's been so long since we were both with a guy, but there are no men around here that only want a fling for a night or two and nothing more. Susan said that you were from out of town, described what you looked like and got me interested enough to come out and meet you. If you don't want to do anything with us though, that's fine. We're quite happy to go home without you, we just thought we'd ask."

Freddy looked at both of the women and couldn't believe his luck. "Count me in!" he said raising his glass. The women also raised their glasses and Susan said,

"Here's to a good night."

"Cheers!"

The three of them were all on the dance floor when they heard the rain start. They'd all had a few drinks and were ready to head off back to Freddy's cabin for the night when they realised that they were going to get wet during the walk. Since they were all a little tipsy, they decided that they didn't care much. They'd all be taking their clothes off anyway. And so they started walking. They got half way there when the sky fully opened up and saturated all three of them.

They were standing inside the door of the cabin when Freddy looked at the two women both drenched to the bone. Susan's white top had turned see-through and Amanda had her long skirt tucked up into her knickers so she could run faster. Freddy realised that he hadn't had this much fun for a long time. Here he was, miles from home, in Byron Bay, standing with two beautiful women who were slowly getting undressed in front of him. He was amazed at how lucky he was to have met Susan when he did and for her to want to share her partner with him in a night of passion.

After she had taken her wet pants off, Susan saw Freddy just standing there, staring at the two of them. She took note of how sexy he looked with his blonde dreadlocks dripping a puddle of water on the floor and his shirt sticking to his chest that had a tuft of wet chest-hair poking out the top. She walked over to him and started unbuttoning his shirt. He grabbed her white top and pulled it up over her head so she was standing there in her underwear. Amanda had also taken her skirt and singlet off and came over to them wearing nothing but her knickers. She started running her hands all over her lover's body. Susan slid Freddy's shirt off over his broad shoulders and started unbuttoning his jeans. She noticed that he wasn't wearing any underwear and slipped her hand down his pants to feel his hard-on in her small fist. His jeans slid off his legs and fell to the floor as soon as they were unzipped. Amanda unhooked Susan's bra from behind and Freddy took one of Susan's breasts into his mouth while Amanda continued undressing her. He noticed that her nipples were hard and flicked them with his tongue. Amanda slipped her g-string off and slid her hand between Susan's legs. Susan's pussy was already wet with anticipation of what was to come. They made their way over to the bed and all laid down together. Freddy was in the middle of the two women and they both had their hands all over his body. They were stroking his thighs, arms, butt and erect penis. He was enjoying the moment, very much.

After a lot of touching and kissing, Freddy started getting really excited. The two women decided to put on a bit of a show for Freddy, so he could sit and watch and catch his breath a bit. They started kissing each other on the lips and probing each other's mouths with their tongues. Then Amanda worked her way down Susan's body, licking and kissing her neck, then her breasts, then her stomach and she ended up kneeling between Susan's legs and started to slowly lick her pussy. It was obvious that both of the women took care of themselves, as they both had neatly shaved pubic hair. Susan let out a quiet moan as Amanda slowly ran her tongue over her arse. She loved the sensation of it. Freddy stood on the floor behind Amanda and started playing with her clit as she sucked on Susan's pussy. She was also soaking wet. He wanted to taste her. He knelt down and put his face in the juices between her legs and stuck his tongue inside her. She pushed back on his face and he thrust his tongue deeper inside her. Both of the women started moaning louder. Susan came first. Freddy was so excited to be listening to two women moaning and enjoying his company at the same time. He flicked his tongue over Amanda's clit and inserted one of his fingers into her pussy. She arched her back and pushed back against his face and hand. He pushed another one of his fingers into her and started pumping them in and out. Amanda enjoyed this stimulation so much that she screamed out "Oh yes!" and came all over his fingers.

He stood up and Susan pulled him back onto the bed. "Now it's your turn to come." She said with a big grin on her face. She sat next to him and knelt over his body taking his thick penis into her mouth. Amanda also knelt down between his legs and started licking and sucking his balls while Susan turned and sat on his face. He could taste her juices from when Amanda made her come the first time round. She tasted so good. Both the women wanted to suck his dick at the same time and decided to alternate so that Freddy could feel Amanda's tongue on one side and Susan's on the other side on each stroke. He was glad that he decided to masturbate earlier on that day so that now he could last for a lot longer without coming.

Freddy grabbed Susan's arse cheeks and pulled them apart so he could get a better view of her. He slid his tongue between the folds of her pussy and over her clit and arse. He stuck his tongue inside her and noticed how different each of the women tasted. Susan had a saltier taste and he supposed that maybe it was from her surf in the ocean earlier that day. Susan started gasping and sat up straight when he slid a finger inside her and found her g-spot and began massaging it. Amanda took advantage of the situation and took Freddy's penis into her pussy as she straddled him and started sliding up and down on it. The two women were bouncing up and down at the same time, one on his penis and one on his tongue and fingers, while stroking each other's breasts. Susan came all over Freddy's face just as Amanda and Freddy both climaxed at the same time. It was the best orgasm Freddy had ever had.

The two women laid on the bed in each others arms and Freddy remembered what they had previously said about finding someone who didn't want anything more than a one night stand. He let them enjoy each others company and got up and put his jeans back on. He went over to the kitchen and filled up the kettle.

"Who wants a coffee?" he asked.

"Yes please." They both answered at once.

As Freddy was making coffee he looked at the two women out of the corner of his eye. They were both kissing and caressing each other's bodies. Running their fingers over each other's breasts and shoulders. Although he had just came, he felt his penis start to stir again while he was watching them. He tried not to think about them and instead, looked out the window while waiting for the jug to boil. He heard the sound of the waves crashing on the beach and saw the lighthouse at the top of the hill casting it's light over the ocean below. It was a totally different sight to what he was used to. But he then again, this whole trip was totally different to the rest of his life back on the farm. He felt worlds away from his normal life as he stared out the window, smiling to himself.

They all decided to sit on the lounge and watch a movie while they waited for their clothes to dry in the drier that they found in one of the cupboards in the kitchen. Both Susan and Amanda were wearing one of Freddy's clean shirts with nothing else on underneath. It was still raining outside when they looked at the clock and realised that it was only 11pm.

"You're both welcome to stay the night here if you like." Freddy suggested. "I know there's only one bed, but I'm willing to share it." He grinned.

"We may have to if this rain keeps up." Hinted Amanda with a sly smile. There was a commercial on the TV with a half naked girl laying on a bed and a phone number flashing across the screen.

"Call me for a good time." The girl on the ad said.

"These ads always make me horny." Said Freddy who was staring at her tits.

"We can take care of that." Winked Susan. "I think he's ready to go again if that bulge in his pants is anything to go by." She said to Amanda who giggled softly.

Susan leaned over and ran her fingers through Freddy's chest hair and started rubbing his penis through his jeans. Amanda saw Susan's pussy sticking out of the bottom of the shirt she was wearing and started fingering her clit. Freddy couldn't believe how horny these two girls were and laid back and made himself comfortable as Susan started undoing his zipper again. She pulled his penis out from under his jeans and stuck it in her mouth. She sucked on the tip of it for a while and then licked the shaft from the base to the tip while staring into his eyes. She could taste Amanda's juices still on it and this made her really horny as she felt Amanda's fingers exploring her pussy once again.

Amanda knelt over and took the mound of Susan's pussy into her mouth. She slid her tongue into her hole and started playing with her arse with the tip of her finger. From where Freddy was sitting he could see Amanda's finger slowly sliding in and out of Susan's arse and was very turned on by this. He never thought that he'd be in the position that he was in now. Having his dick sucked on by one woman while watching another woman sucking her pussy and sliding her finger in and out of her arse. Freddy grabbed Susan's arse cheeks and spread them wide open so Amanda could get her finger deeper inside. Susan started moaning and this caused Freddy to feel small vibrations on his penis that was in her mouth at the same time. Susan let out a cry and let go of Freddy's penis to have an earth moving orgasm as Amanda was licking her clit and thrusting her finger in and out of her arse while Freddy was holding her open.

"Oh, Oh, Oh Yeah!" she cried out loudly as Freddy watched on feeling ecstatic with the scene that was going on before his eyes. He'd had good sex before but that was nothing compared to what was happening now!

When Susan finished having her orgasm, they all moved over to the bed where they were previously so they could get more comfortable. Freddy laid on his side facing Amanda and started stroking and licking her erect nipples while Susan knelt between her legs and started kissing her thighs. Amanda squeezed Freddy's penis gently and slowly started stroking him up and down. Susan started licking Amanda's clit and softly ran her fingertips over the lips of her pussy. Again, from where Freddy was laying he had a great view of Susan's tongue flicking over Amanda's large clit and he got really turned on. She started sucking on it gently and slid one of her fingers inside her pussy. Amanda had her legs bent at the knees and Susan asked Freddy to pass her a pillow so she could put it underneath Amanda's butt. This raised her off the bed slightly, which allowed Susan a better angle to lick her arse. Freddy was so turned on by the moans Amanda was letting out as Susan was sucking and licking her clit and arse that he got up and walked around the bed to the end where Susan's arse was sticking in the air and pushed his dick inside her and started pumping it in and out. He reached around and started stroking her clit from underneath with his fingers with one hand and cupped one of her breasts with his other hand. From this angle he could see Amanda's facial expressions as she moaned underneath her lover.
