 I never expected this to happen nor did I expect my actions to go as far as they did. You see my girlfriend I have talked for months about experimenting and broadening our sex life. Not that we didn't screw like rabbits now but we both wanted new experiences, ones that we could share together. We looked into local adult private clubs that advertise orgies, voyeurism, and S&M which was the direction we were looking in to fulfill our desires and fantasies but nothing really panned out.

One night we had a few friends over for poker most were other couples and nothing out of the ordinary happened over the course of the night. My girlfriend Alex was trying desperately trying to understand how to play the card game which gave all a good laugh but as the night wore on and the beers consumed the night came to a close. My buddy Andy who has been my best friend since we were in elementary school was the last one getting ready to head out for the night. That's when things went in a new direction for Alex and I. 

Andy had just bumped into Alex into the hallway on his way out to the living room and commented in his inebriated state what a fine set of tits Alex had. I asked him would he expect anything less with a girl I was with and we both laughed. Alex just nudged me as she passed by after hearing my joke but I thought it was because she wasn't too happy about it. Instead I followed her eyes as she sat directly across Andy. She had that hunger look that I've seen countless times and when I saw the large bulge in Andy jeans I new the reason why she nudged me. I don't know if it was the alcohol or the fact the thought that ran through my head cause my own erection but I offered Andy another beer just has was getting up to put on his jacket. Of course Andy agreed, the man never turned down free beer. I gave Alex a wink as I went to grab three fresh beers from the kitchen. When I got back I was greeted to Alex sucking on Andy's massive cock. The last time I saw my best friend's cock was when we went skinny dipping at the age of twelve. Now before me, my girlfriend was sucking a solid 8 inch cock. 

Alex stopped sucking when she noticed I returned much to Andy's dismay. He started to say something but Alex cut him short by telling me to undress and sit next to Andy. Who am I to argue? She stroked Andy off as I undressed on my way to the couch and she never took her eyes off of me. My cock was rock hard by the time I sat down and Alex mouth dove right to it not wasting any time. Her mouth did wonders to my cock and I'm sure Andy who was still getting a hand job from Alex would agree after feeling the power of her mouth. She then started to switch off on cocks to suck. Her long blonde hair whipped around her slender figure and I just could get over how large and thick Andy was as I watched Alex take the whole monster into her mouth. Granted I wasn't small myself with my 7 inch cock but I was only about half as thick as Andy was. 

His eyes rolled into the back of his head as she deep throated his cock and I just couldn't hold back any more and I got up and tore the t-shirt off of Alex. She hated bras and very seldom wore them such was the case now as her large nipples instantly harden with rush of air to her body. Her tits are not large but they are an oversized 'B' cup but not big enough to fill a 'C' and they very firm. My are they ever firm and her girlfriends always said they wanted fake breast to look like her natural beauties. I slid my head underneath her body as she continued to give Andy a blow job of his life and sucked on one of her hard nipples. She responded with a gurgled moan as she dared not take her mouth off of Andy's cock. I sucked harder on her nipples and her moans grew louder. This must have been too much for Andy because his own moans were getting loud and I could tell by his moans he was getting close to cumming. I got back up and pulled her off of Andy. The both of them looked at me with disappointment but I told them I didn't want Andy cumming too soon. 

I led them into the bedroom and Andy and Alex took off their remaining clothes. Both my cock and Andy's went down a bit but Alex was quick to remedy the situation and sucked the both of us to full strength before we all ended up on the bed. I suggested that Alex and I start off in a 69 that way Alex could continue sucking the both of us off and she was all to happy about the request. I slid underneath her thin frame and found a dripping wet pussy waiting for me. I lightly ran my tongue up and down her pussy lips and I flicked her clit with my tongue piercing. This drove her into a frenzy and she slammed her pussy into my mouth.

Her juices tasted so sweet and my nose took in the pungent smell of her anus. I was so intoxicated I almost forgot that Andy was with us but apparently he had enough of her mouth and wanted more because his cock slid across my face and into her waiting pussy. It was a weird but exciting site to see my best friend's cock sliding in and out of my girlfriend's pussy only an inch from my face. Alex moan deeply as all 8 inches of Andy thick cock entered her and this must have set her off because she immediately took my cock into her mouth and worked on it like she never had before. Andy's moans grew louder with each thrust and his balls were literally hitting me in the face. I still worked on Alex's clit as best I could and at one point Andy slipped out of Alex and tried to thrust is back into her but his monster cock ended up in my surprised mouth. 

It was an odd mixture of taste of his pre-cum and her vaginal juices but something about it turned me on and after my initial shock I started to suck off my best friend. One hand continued to play with Alex's clit while the other stroked Andy's cock as I sucked it. Alex moaned in protest she as realized that the massive cock that had been filling her to new delights was not going back in her. She stopped sucking my cock to find out what was occupying Andy's cock. As she raised her ass in the air she saw me sucking on Andy's cock. The sight and the fact my finger never left her clit sent her over the edge and she came all over my hand.

I stopped sucking Andy to lap up Alex's cum juices but Andy was not content just to sit their with his throbbing cock in hand. He needed relief so while I sucked out her delightful juice Andy slammed his cock into her ass. The only lubricant on his cock was my saliva from sucking it. Alex shrieked in pain but after a few strokes from Andy I looked up to see a smile spread across Alex's face. I slid up to meet her face and at the same time slid my cock into her pussy. Her face only registered complete ecstasy as Andy and I found a perfect rhythm of alternating thrusts into Alex. She quickly came again and her involuntary squeezing of her anus muscles put Andy over the edge and I could feel his cock pulsating hard through the thin wall of skin that separated our cocks as he came. My own orgasm was building to its height as well but before I could reach the point Alex hopped off me and went back into a 69 position. 

Andy's cum was leaking into my mouth as I ate Alex out then I felt my legs being raised as Alex started to suck her juice off my cock. Her tongue travel further down to my balls and eventually to the sensitive area between my balls and asshole but the best was when she kept going and I felt her tongue on my anus. She stopped after my anus was soaking wet with her saliva and then by the sound of Andy's moan she had sucked back to life. Next thing I knew I felt this unbelievable pain as Andy insert his monster cock up my virgin ass. Alex watched with lustful eyes for the first few thrusts and then her mouth went back to work on my cock. It was unbelievable pleasure with unbearable pain at the same time. I don't think my cock had ever been harder in my life. As my orgasm once again came to its height I bit down hard on Alex's clit which cause her third orgasm of the night and I simply could not hold back any more and I came in bucket. 

Alex tried to swallow as much as she could but so much came out me that it spilled out the sides of her mouth. Meanwhile at my height of orgasmic pleasure Andy too was now cumming in my ass. The feeling of it was so strange but the knowledge of what was happening made me cum even harder. Alex too figured out that Andy was cumming inside of me and forced his cock out just in time to catch the last spurt of cum and lapped it up. Andy kissed her hard on the lips and took advantage of her state to suck on her hard nipples. The three of us collapsed in a heap of bodies and passed out for the night. 

The morning was met back Alex taking care of our morning hard-ons in her best way possible but that's for another story...