 My husband's company transferred him to a new job (and a new town) a couple of years ago. It happens more often than I'd like, and it's never an easy thing picking up and moving away from people and places you know. But he's moving up in the company, and it's just what he has to do if he wants to keep his job.

When we moved to this new town, my husband was invited to play poker with some of the guys from work about once a month. This was fine with me. When he went to one of the other guy's houses, I got a little alone time. Plus he usually ended up winning a little money. Every so often the game would be at our house, and I would be the dutiful wife and hostess and make sure that there was plenty of beer and snacks. Over the last couple of years, we've had several games at our house. 

Including my husband, there were five guys in the group. All of them were executives in the company, ranging in age from their mid-thirties to early forties. Two of his poker buddies were married and two were single. As tends to happen at poker games, guys talk about the things guys like. Sports and sex are the two most popular topics. Over time, the guys knew just about everything about each other. My husband learned that the two married guys' wives (whom I'd never met), were pretty much frigid and the guys were always complaining about how they rarely (if ever) had sex anymore and how their wives never gave them head. The two single guys had similar complaints as they hadn't been on a date for some time. My husband, on the other hand, got laid regularly. And because I love giving head, he got a blowjob any time he asked. The other guys always told him how lucky he was.

Now, I'm not conceited or anything. But I have a decent body. My husband always tells me how much he loves my long legs and big tits with their pink aereolas and perky nipples.

Like most guys, my husband's buddies get a little frisky when they drink. So when they would come over, they would stare at my body when they thought I wasn't looking and sometimes flirt with me or hug me after a few beers. My husband didn't mind. In fact, it turned him on to see the other guys oogling me. And I have to admit, I really enjoyed the attention. 

Eventually, my husband picked up on this and told me I should wear something sexy the next time we hosted poker night. He said that I would be performing a "community service" by letting his friends see my gorgeous body. 

The first time I did it, I got a lot of attention from the guys. It was fun but completely harmless as the boys minded their manners. It was fun for us and most times would lead to some really good sex after the guys had gone home, nothing more. 

Until one night last summer, when poker night changed for everyone . . .

Once again, it was our night to host the game. I had cleaned up the house and had plenty of snacks and beer. A couple of hours before the guys were to arrive, my husband told me to clean up and dress really nice. What this really meant was shave my pussy and dress sexy. As was usually the case, I figured he just wanted to show me off to his friends, then give me a good fucking after everyone had left. Unbeknownst to him, I had bought a new outfit and was excited to show it (and me) off. 

When it came time to get ready, I quickly showered and shaved my pussy, then dressed in my new outfit - a short skirt and tight white spaghetti strap tee shirt. Under them I wore a lacy white thong and a very sheer white bra. In the right light my areolas were visible. I wore 4 inch white pumps to complete my outfit.

When my husband saw me come out of the bedroom, he started groping and kissing me. I pushed him away telling him that he couldn't mess me up before the boys saw me. This was the most revealing outfit I'd ever worn. So when I answered the door, each of the guys did a double or triple take when they saw me. 

The card game started and I played the dutiful hostess for an hour or so. As the game (and the drinking) progressed, the guys started to get more frisky than usual. Each time I brought a drink or snack they would give me a little hug or squeeze my butt. All of the extra attention started to have an effect on me. I am an exhibitionist. I enjoy the looks men give me, and it also turns on My husband when I show off. So having five guys openly lusting for me really turned me on. I could feel my nipples grow hard and my pussy started to get wet.

When one of the guys noticed my nipples starting to show though my top, he pinched it when I walked past. After that, all of the guys were trying to get a little feel. Up until then, the hugs and occasional squeezing of my ass seemed pretty harmless. But when they started touching my tits, I thought things were getting a little out of hand. I was certain that My husband would soon put a stop to this. But when I stood close to him, he stood up and started squeezing both my tits. I pushed his hands away and told him to stop or he wouldn't get any later. He just laughed and told the guys "Don't let her fool you. She loves it when you look at her tits." 

After awhile, My husband's poker night wasn't going very well. He was down big and the next hand he had a big call to make and a short stack of chips. He called me over and showed me his cards. It was a full house. So he felt pretty confident. He then whispered in my ear what he planned to do if I was ok with it. I whispered back for him to go for it. 

He smiled, then turned to the guys and said "Since she likes to show off her tits, I'm going to call with her bra." The guys all whooped and laughed, I turned red and my nipples got harder. Then one of the guys said all bets have to be on the table. My husband tried to protest, but was shouted down. I was going to have to put my bra in the pot before My husband could call the hand. I had My husband unhook me and I slipped my bra from under my top. My tits were on display now as the thin top did very little to hide anything. 

The guys showed their cards, and I was sure I would have my bra back in a minute. Unfortunately someone else had a better hand and was now the proud owner of a sheer bra. After that, the guys' gropes started getting more aggressive. I had hands under my skirt and on my tits every time I passed by. Despite everything, I wasn't sure if I this was ok and finally had to tell them that if they didn't calm down, I was going to the bedroom. Immediately someone grabbed my ass, and I stormed off into our bedroom, seemingly in a huff. 

I could hear the guys from the other room begging me to come back, but I just closed the door and locked it. They thought I was mad, but I really wasn't upset about the gropes, I was actually turned on and needed a few minutes to get control of my pussy. It was so wet, it had soaked through my panties. I quickly started rubbing my clit. In just a few minutes I had a very stmy husbandg orgasm. I hoped this would help me get through the rest of the evening. After calming down and washing up, I went back to the poker room. All of the guys apologized and promised to keep their hands to themselves. 

My husband's poker luck had gotten a little better. His stack of chips had grown slightly, but was still smaller than some of the other guys. A few hands later, he was facing another big call. He called me over and showed me his cards, it was a straight. He whispered and asked me if I had ever wanted to be a topless waitress. I was floored. My husband was asking me to show my tits to his friends for money. I was even more shocked when I felt my pussy getting damp again. I looked him in the eye and asked if he was sure? He nodded, and I turned to face the guys and slowly raised my top. I looked at the guys and said that I thought this was worth more than a call and should count as a large raise. Everyone was so shocked that they all agreed. A few seconds later another guy with a flush was the owner of my tee shirt.

For several minutes the game slowed as no one could concentrate. My husband actually won a few hands because the guys were not focused on their cards, but on my tits. The shock eventually wore off and My husband began to lose again. Soon he was showing me another straight. I asked what he wanted me to take off next. Two of the guys said panties and the other two said skirt. We decided that the winner of the hand would choose. The cards were laid down and My husband won! I jumped with excitement until he looked at me and said "I choose the skirt." My heart skipped a beat. Surely he couldn't be serious. There was no way he could be asking his wife to strip down to a thong in fmy husbandt of four other men. He looked at me again and told me to give him the skirt. In shock I stepped out of my skirt and stood in fmy husbandt of five men wearing only a thong. 

My husband then had me sit in his lap. He began kissing me and rubbing my nipples. It was driving me wild. If I got the chance I was going to the bedroom for another round of clitty massage. But before I could get away, My husband asked if anyone else would like to do what he was doing. Everyone quickly agreed and the bet was set. I was the bet for the next hand. Whoever won could rub or touch anything on me that wasn't covered by cloth. That left a lot of room for the guys to work with. 

As bets were won and lost, I was passed around the table for about 30 minutes. Each of the guys had a chance to rub and suck my tits and fondle my ass. I was going out of my mind! I wanted to rub my pussy sooo bad. When My husband finally "won" me again, I knew he had something else in mind. He pulled down his shorts and pushed my head down to his erect dick. He looked at the guys and said "We never put limits on what we could touch her with." 

Everyone stopped and watched as I began sucking off my husband. After a whole evening of watching his almost nude wife get groped by four men, it didn't take long. Soon he was spurting deep into my throat. I kept his cock in my mouth and swallowed every drop. When he recovered, he looked up and asked if they were going to play cards or not. The game got very serious as everyone was about to explode and a blowjob was only a few cards away. 

When my husband's friend Bill won, he immediately pulled down his pants and his large cock sprung out hard and throbbing. He's one of the married guys and hadn't had a blowjob in years. I dropped down to my knees, took him into my mouth and started sucking him. I was only a couple of minutes into my repertoire when I felt his cock swell in my mouth and he came. He was moaning and thrusting his cock into my mouth like he was fucking, and I kept sucking him until he was dry. I could tell he really needed that!

Eventually, as each of them would win a hand, they would pull down their pants and I would blow them as they played the next hand. I just stayed under the table and went from cock to cock until I'd sucked off all of them. For the repeat winners I would suck their cock until they next hand played out.

When My husband won my services again, he said it was time to up the stakes. He then slowly pulled down my thong, pushed me back onto the table and spread my legs. He had the guys all come over to touch my wet pussy. Having them stare at my naked pussy and touch me made me so wet! 

My husband then told them that whoever won the next hand could fuck me. Every one else would have to pay $100. My husband was pimping me out for a gangbang, and I was desperate for it! They dealt the cards onto my naked body while I stayed on the table with my eyes closed, rubbing my clit. 

When the hand was over, I didn't even open my eyes to see who'd won. One of the guys pulled my ass close to the edge of the table and shoved his cock inside of me deeply. By the size and shape of his cock and the way he fucked, I could tell it wasn't my husband. It didn't take me long to cum. My orgasm started after about the fifth stroke. I was moaning and begging him to fuck me harder. No sooner did I feel his hot cum shooting inside of me, then he pulled out and another of my husband's friends shoved his cock into me and started pounding my pussy. His cock was longer and thicker than the last guy's and sent me into an even more intense orgasm. 

When he was done, the next guy pulled me up from the table and turned me around. He was soon pounding me from behind while someone else stood in front of me and put the head of his cock against my lips. I opened my mouth, and he slipped his cock inside all the way until his warm balls were touching my chin. I eagerly started sucking him. I'd never been with two guys at once and was now on a nearly continual orgasm. It would ebb and flow as the guys changed places and tempos. Eventually, each of them fucked me, and I'm sure my husband got in the mix at some point.

When it was over, my legs were weak from all of my orgasms. My husband carried me to the bedroom and laid me down. He showed the guys out, then came back to see me. I was lying on my stomach, drifting off in orgasmic bliss. He started rubbing my back and told me he loved me. He also said that after watching me with his friends, he had never been more excited. 

He then told me with a chuckle that not only did he win some money at poker, but that I had made myself $400 and that the guys wanted to start having the game at our house more often. 

I opened my eyes and said with a smile, "I wouldn't mind that at all." 

We talked about it for awhile, at first jokingly, then seriously. My husband told me how much it turned him on and how he wouldn't mind. I thought about how much money I could make and also have lots of sex. The more we talked, the more excited we both became. Eventually, we decided to go for it.

He told his friends and they loved the idea. Now they come over whenever they feel the need, and I give them what they want. Of course, it's not always a "poker game," but we do still have a "game" at our house every so often, and the guys actually play some poker too (lol). 

Most of the time, it's just one or sometimes two of them at a time. When they come over I usually blow them, but sometimes I fuck them too. The great thing is that it turns on my husband, I make some money, and (I have to admit) it's also fun for me getting to play with different cocks. I never in a million years thought I'd be getting paid to have sex. But having done it now, I don't see what the big deal is. I'm doing something I'm good at, I get to have lots of sex, and I make a lot of money. What more could a girl want?