 I parked my car and hesitated before switching off the engine. I knew that this was Ben's poker night but with Jen due back from Europe Monday I wanted to see her father without worry. I got out of the car and walked to the door still intending to turn around. The door opened and Jim nearly jumped through the roof with shock. Before he spoke his eyes explored every inch of me. I was wearing a frilly light blue flowered skirt with matching blue tank top that exposed my navel ring. My hair was straight falling over my bare shoulders and I was also wearing high heeled sandals I had bought today making my exposed legs look longer and sexier. 

"Er, um. I'm Jim, Are you looking for Jen?" Jim stuttered offering his hand.

"I'm Lora, I stopped by to see Ben to let him know that I was picking Jen up on Monday." I answered shaking his large hand.

"Oh, he's downstairs losing money, go on down. I making a beer run can I get you anything?" 

Stammered Jim as he stared at my manicured hand not wanting to let go. 

He passed me close enough to get a whiff of my perfume.

"No thanks I won't be long." I replied and headed for the stairs leading to the basement.

I descended the carpeted stairway listening to the chuckling and shit talking of Ben's Poker buddies. The four men sitting at the table were struck silent as I entered. Each giving me the lustful gaze I had received from Jim upstairs.

"Hey sweetie." Ben said standing up, as did the rest of the men at the table. (I love the politeness I get from older men). 

Ben hugged me and I kissed his cheek then wiped the lip stick from it apologizing. Ben introduced me to the group; Mike, Pat, and Mark. I shook each of their hands and told them to sit down because I wasn't used to men with manners. They laughed and sat back down. Ben offered me a drink and pulled a seat out for me to sit. He brought a beer for me and I asked if he still needed me to pick up Jen from the airport on Monday. Ben said that would be fine and that he would try to make it back from his meetings to welcome her home. Pat asked if I would like to sit in for a few hands, I explained that I wasn't great at poker, but I would give it a shot. 

I dug some money out of my purse and the cards were dealt. I won the first two hands with a full house, but lost the following three hands. My beginners luck had worn off. Jim had returned with the beer and sat down at the table. We played through six more hands each of us winning a hand. I'm sure my presence wasn't helping any of the players concentration, because I kept catching their eyes on me. Each of the men had attractive qualities along with the politeness that really turned me on. They still talked their trash but kept it clean that I had heard when I entered. I felt sort of out of place so I told them that I had to get going and stood up. All rising from their chairs Pat asked me to stay and the rest agreed. I looked at Ben and he smiled raising his eyebrows in that sexy way he did. Feeling gutsy and buzzed from the beer I spoke out,

"If I stay this game is going to have to get a bit more interesting. Let's play for clothes." 

I regretted the words as soon as they left my mouth. I knew I couldn't walk away from it now. These men weren't going to go for this. I saw wedding rings on two of them and I'm sure they had no interest in seeing each other naked. 

They looked at me and then to each other then with a grin Mike said, "Deal'em!" and they all sat down. Five hands later I was down to my tank top which I opted to keep on since that was the only part above the table and I wasn't wearing a bra. Mark had the best luck losing only his shoes while the rest were down to their underwear. Within four more hands we were all naked with the exception of Mark who sat grinning in his jeans and shirt. I felt the heat of their eyes on my breast and my nipples stiffened. Draining my beer I took the game further. Slipping my sandals back on, I stood up and circled the table caressing each mans face as I passed. They leered at me like rabid wolves stalking a rabbit. I stood behind Ben rubbing my hands on his hairy chest and said,

"I'm going to sit this game out but I'm raising the stakes; I'll suck the winners cock."

Their eyes and grins widened and each let out a greedy chuckle. I sat on the couch and watched the men play for my affection. Fifteen minutes passed and Pat clapped his hands victoriously. I walked over to the table and Pat stood up. I grabbed his growing rod in my hand and kissed him. 

"Did you want this right here or over on the couch?" I said sinking to my knees not giving him a chance to answer. The others watched as I engulfed Pat's shaft His average sized cock fit nicely in my mouth and I didn't choke when pushed my face to his balls. He moaned loudly and told the gawking men to deal another hand. I bobbed my head rapidly on his throbbing cock and within minutes his hands were on my head and his sperm was shooting down my throat. I'm guessing he hadn't had a blow job in years or sex for that matter judging by the quickness and size of his load. I managed to swallow every drop. I looked up at Pat's grinning face and thanked him chasing his load with a swig of beer. He helped me to my feet and returned the thank you. He slumped into his chair and I finished my beer. 

My pussy was aching and wanted more. 

"Hold your drinks!" shouted and I swept the table clear of cards and hopped onto it spreading my legs. The men stood up and I reached for Mike's thick cock and pulled him into my mouth. Ben was already at my pussy pushing his beautiful inside me. Mark was stripping his remaining clothes and rubbing his dick in my face. I released Mike and swallowed Mark's shaft still stroking Mike's throbbing member. Ben was pounding into me and rubbing my clit.

I let out a cock muffled moan and came thrusting my hips into Ben's. I alternated sucking Mike and Mark and felt Pat's mouth on my nipple. He bit into them and I pulled his head smashing his face into the flesh of my left breast. Just as I tasted pre cum from the swollen head of Mike's cock he spurted his creamy load onto my tongue. I swallowed quickly as Mark's load splashed across my cheek and sucking mouth. I let Mike's shrinking cock slip from my mouth and drained Mark's spurting load down my hungry throat. Ben let out a grunt filling my inner walls with his seed I felt it coat my insides warmly. 

He backed away and Pat filled my aching void shoving his pick to the balls in one swift movement. I rubbed Mark's flaccid cock all over my face then cleaned the gooey mess from the shaft. I began to tingle and my body lurched with another orgasm. I screamed thrashing my hips against Pat's thrusting cock. I pulled at my nipples as the wave overtook me. My clenching pussy had triggered Pat's second orgasm and he squirted inside me sucking on my outstretched leg that hung on his shoulder. I sat up and Ben handed me a hot wet towel and I wiped the drying sperm from my face and dripping pussy.

Each of them slumped in their seats with glazed eyes. Got up and opened another beer and crossed over to the couch and began to finger my wet pussy. The men shuffled over and I gave them a show fucking my fingers. My juices trickled to my puckered asshole and with my free hand inserted a finger, then two. The men cheered and clapped as I brought on my own orgasm. I reached out to Mark and guided him to the couch. Sitting him down I sank his cock into my mouth leaving it slick with saliva. 

I told him to lean back and I straddled him facing the others. I lowered myself slowly taking the head of his eight inches into my tight ass. He groaned and gripped the cushions of the couch. I took him into me settling on his lap and then began to glide up and down giving my audience a full view of his cock disappearing into my ass. I rubbed at my pussy and clit as I bounced impaling his shaft up my ass. I called out to Mike and he walked slowly to me. I leaned back onto Mark's chest and guided Mike into my pussy. He sank his meat into me thrusting against Mark's cock through my thin inner wall. I gripped onto Mike's ass and pulled him deeper into me and the two men pounded inside me. 

I clawed at the air as I came again with the pistoning of the double penetration. Mark's hips bucked under mine and I felt his load flood my bowels. I stopped them and Mark's flaccid cock plopped from my clenching ass. I sat Mike as I had Mark and mounted his cock taking it deep into my gaping asshole. Pat stepped up and entered my pussy while Mike pounded my ass. Pat gripped and kneaded my breasts pinching my nipples. I leaned up and took his into my mouth and sucked, biting down on it. I screamed for Mike to fuck my ass and he pumped harder. Mike clenched at my hips and unloaded another load into my ass. 

Again I rotated men with Pat deep in my ass and Ben fucking my pussy. I kissed Ben looking him in the eyes with a lustful thankful gaze. He pumped into me hard banging his cock against Pat's inside me. Pat grunted and shuddered and release his cum into the mix already in my ass. He slid out from under me and I turned around facing the wall and guided Ben into my ass. I thrashed and bucked fucking his shaft with my asshole. I reach down and buried three fingers into my throbbing pussy and yet another orgasm rocked my body. Ben gripped my hips driving his ample cock into my cum filled ass. 

He reached up and pulled at my hair tugging my head back. I let out a grunt and fucked him harder. Thrusting his cock deep and holding it he dumped his load into my ass. Ben backed away as cum poured from my gaping hole down my shaking legs. 

I was lifted from the couch and placed into a warm bubble bath. Each man kissed me and thanked me for a incredible evening. Ben came in last and told me that that was the wildest night he or any of his poker buddies had ever had. 

I see the men from time to time and share winks and small talk.