 Jim felt movement on the bed that woke him up the next morning. He opened his eyes and saw Lynn and Traci sitting beside him holding hands and smiling at each other. "Morning," Jim yawned.

"Morning, lover," Lynn replied. She then looked at Traci and added, "Last night was amazing. It was better than I could have imagined."

Traci agreed and added that she couldn't believe how comfortable and 'right' it felt. "I never imagined I could do something like this," she added.

Lynn smiled and answered, "Well, I hope you get used to it. I'm thinking about starting a little group that would get together periodically for a little fun." She gave Jim a quick wink and added, "Maybe we'd start with a little strip poker and see where things would go from there. Would you two be game?"

Jim and Traci exchanged a quick, excited look before they both agreed. Lynn smiled and added, "But I hope you know I am up for this, with the three of us, anytime - poker nights or not." 

Jim smiled happily and Traci's answer to Lynn's comment was to lean forward and meet her in a soft kiss. Jim watched the amazingly erotic sight of the two women kissing. Their kiss started soft and tender but soon grew deeper and more intense. Before long their lips parted and Jim saw their tongues dancing together.

Jim moved over beside them and he and Traci guided Lynn onto her back as they knelt on either side of her. Together they kissed their way across her shoulders and down her chest until they each kissed and licked her tits. Lynn moaned softly as they continued this teasing for many long minutes. Jim repeatedly took her stiff nipple into his mouth and sucked on it or rolled his tongue around it savoring the way it somehow grew harder and seemed to stand out more prominently each time.

By now his cock was rock hard and he was ready for more. Lynn must have been at the same point as she pulled Traci's mouth away from her tit and moaned, "Suck me." With Lynn still on her back Traci crawled between Lynn's spread legs and began kissing and licking Lynn's inner thighs. Eventually she brought her mouth to Lynn's pussy and it was clear from Lynn's reaction that she loved what Traci was doing.

Jim watched his wife suck Lynn's pussy for a few minutes and admired the much-improved view in the morning sunlight that came in through Lynn's window. Eventually however his cock needed some attention and he knew just where he wanted to get it. In this position Traci was on her knees with her ass sticking up in the air. It was the perfect position from which to fuck her from behind, one of Jim's favorite positions, and he scrambled behind her. He easily found the entrance to her dripping wet pussy and slowly sank the full length of his cock inside her.

The three of them fucked in a line like this for a few minutes longer before Lynn gently lifted Traci's face away from her pussy. At first Jim's mind couldn't comprehend the words that Lynn spoke even though he heard her perfectly. Lynn gazed excitedly into Traci's eyes and asked, "Can I fuck him?"

Before Jim could process what was happening Traci moaned and moved forward letting his cock slide out of her pussy. She moved beside Lynn and Jim was left kneeling a few feet away from Lynn's dripping wet pussy that was currently spread very invitingly before him. Only then did he realized that Traci had just given him the approval to live out his fantasy of fucking Lynn. 

Jim crawled between Lynn's legs and moaned as she wrapped her long legs around behind his back. As if it knew exactly where to go, the tip of his cock found the entrance to her pussy and their bodies melted together slowly until Jim's full length was inside her. Lynn held either side of his face as she stared wildly up into his eyes. Jim remained still inside her for a few moments before he pulled back and began fucking her at a slow and steady tempo.

Lynn's hands dropped to the bed before she took hold of his forearms as he pushed himself up with his arms for better leverage. She kept her legs wrapped around him and Jim drank in the wild sensations and sights of this unbelievable moment. They soon found a slow, easy tempo that suited them perfectly and before long they fucked like well-practiced lovers.

As their excitement built so did the tempo of their fuck. Slowly they fucked a little faster and a little harder until Jim knew he was about to cum and it seemed Lynn was fighting to hold off her orgasm. The thing that finally triggered Jim's orgasm was not what he expected. Suddenly, he heard Traci's long, satisfied moan from the side of the bed and quickly turned to see her watching them intently while she fingered her own pussy. His mind raced with the realization that she had just gotten herself off while watching him fuck Lynn. That was what pushed him past the brink of his control.

He drove into Lynn deeply and his cock surged and pumped his cum into her. When she felt him start cumming she pulled him even tighter against her with her legs and put her hands on his shoulders. She pulled him down directly on top of her as his cock continued pumping cum inside her. With him on top of her like this she rocked her hips from side to side for only a few moments before she cried out and started to cum. The feeling of her pussy in the throes of her orgasm greatly intensified the sensation of the last few jets of his cum as her pussy seemed to massage out every last drop of his cum.

They didn't fall back asleep afterward, but all three lounged in bed for a long time holding and caressing each other. Finally, their hunger was too much to resist and Lynn insisted on making breakfast for them. She slipped into a sexy, short silk robe and went off to the kitchen. Traci slipped into another of Lynn's robes and Jim pulled on his boxer shorts before they joined Lynn in the kitchen.

Lynn really wasn't much of a cook but she insisted on trying to make them a fancy meal. In the end all three of them pitched in. As they cooked they talked and laughed often. Over breakfast Jim couldn't resist asking about what Lynn had said earlier. "So," Jim started, "were you really serious before about the 'poker' parties?"

Lynn laughed and said, "Of course."

"So who else do you have in mind?" Jim couldn't help asking.

Lynn answered with a sly smile, "Oh, I know a few people."

"Really?" Traci asked. "Where do you meet all these wild people?"

Lynn smiled at her and said, "You'd be surprised. After all, didn't you just say that you never guessed you'd be doing anything like this?" Traci nodded her head as Lynn added, "How many of your friends would guess that, if they were invited to a party like that, that you and Jim would be there?"

Jim and Traci laughed and admitted that none of them would. Lynn then finished by saying, "Sometimes people just need someone else to help them act on things they want to do."

After breakfast they helped Lynn clean up before getting dressed and going home. On the way home Jim asked Traci what she thought about what Lynn had said. "I don't know," Traci answered, "What do you mean?"

"I mean, do you think she was serious about us being surprised about who else might come to her poker parties? Do you think anyone we know will be there?"

Traci laughed and said, "I guess I don't know. Do you think if any of them are invited that they would ever guess we'd be there?"

They shared a long laugh at how their lives had taken this amazing, kinky new turn. They agreed that they couldn't wait to see who else might come to Lynn's party.

It took a couple of weeks before they received an invitation in the mail from Lynn. It was addressed to both of them and invited them to attend "Lynn's Poker Night". They talked with Lynn often during this time but she would never reveal any details about who else she invited. Once the three of them went out for drinks and finished the night fucking wildly at Lynn's place. Jim again had the opportunity to fuck Lynn, this time from behind while Lynn sucked Traci's pussy.

Finally, the day of Lynn's poker night arrived. The party was on a Saturday and Jim and Traci spent the day restlessly waiting for the evening to come. They left the house and drove to Lynn's in a nervous silence. It was funny, they already had two three-way fucks with Lynn, but somehow tonight felt like they were on the verge of something entirely new and different. 

"Holy shit," Jim mumbled, "we're swingers."

Traci looked at him suspiciously and asked what he was talking about. He looked at her and laughed as he said, "You and me. We're swingers."

"No," Traci answered, "swingers are weirdoes who have bad hairdos, wear too much jewelry, and dress badly. All those shows we've seen on cable TV are all the same. Swingers are all weird like that."

Jim said with a smile, "Well, then how do you explain the fact that we're driving to a party where we think we're going to get naked and maybe have sex with some people we may or may not know?"

Traci screwed up her face as she realized that Jim was right. With a laugh she said, "Damn, I guess we're swingers."

They laughed but then Jim felt like he had to make sure what they might be about to do was OK. "Are you OK with that?" he asked.

Traci put her hand on his arm as he drove. For a moment they rode in silence until they pulled up to a red light. When the car stopped he looked over at Traci and she said, "Yes, I am."

They smiled and laughed as the car behind them beeped its horn. Jim looked up and saw that the light had turned green. He turned toward the road and continued driving. The rest of the trip was filled with happy conversation.

Lynn answered the door and greeted them warmly. There was a large spread of food at one end of the dining room table and playing cards at the other end. A glass of some other sort of blended drink was sitting near the cards. They fixed themselves plates of food, and Jim nearly dropped his plate when he heard a noise from the kitchen. He hadn't realized anyone else was here yet, and he kept a close eye on the kitchen door to see who else had come.

It wasn't long before Gwen entered from the kitchen, a fresh drink in her hand. Jim was surprised and excited to see her. They exchanged hellos and as she turned toward Traci, Jim couldn't help but take a look at her cleavage.

Gwen was in her early 20's and fresh out of college. She had worked on a summer internship a couple of years earlier with Jim and Lynn. During that time she and Lynn formed a friendship and they remained in touch. When Lynn got her new job she immediately needed to hire an assistant and hired Gwen. After her internship, Jim had seen Gwen a few times at various social functions. Her short hair was currently dyed red, but it had been a different color nearly every time Jim saw her recently. During her internship she had been blonde, but he wasn't sure if that was even her true color. Jim and Gwen had gotten along well during her internship. She was a nice, somewhat goofy college kid with a great attitude. She was always smiling and was a hard worker. She had a pretty face but, without a doubt, Gwen's most eye catching feature was her large breasts. Tonight she wore a tight, v-neck top that exposed more than a little of her generous cleavage.

Lynn mixed drinks for Jim and Traci and they all relaxed together. After a while Lynn asked, "Well, are we ready?" Part of Jim had been expecting a bigger group and, as if to answer his thoughts, Lynn added, "I thought that we'd kick off my poker nights with a more intimate group. I guess I wanted to make sure everyone was comfortable for the first time."

"I'm ready," Traci said in an excited whisper. Hearing her excited voice further stoked Jim's already burning lust and excitement. Gwen went back to the kitchen to fix a fresh round of drinks. The remaining three sat around the table and talked. 

Lynn picked up the cards and started shuffling. She explained her "house rules" and finished by saying that the person with the worst hand in each game would have to remove a piece of clothing. Everyone agreed and the cards were dealt. Jim lost the first hand and removed a shoe.

"Awww," Lynn said with a slight pout, "we were hoping for something more revealing."

Jim's head was spinning. He tried to come up with a funny reply but Traci beat him to it saying, "If you want to see more you'd better deal the cards." Jim loved how into this Traci had already gotten.

The cards were dealt and several more hands played. Each person lost a few hands, but everyone was still mostly clothed. Eventually Jim removed his shirt and as he tossed it to the floor first Lynn and then Traci whistled and teased him playfully. 

Gwen was the first woman to remove her top. Her bra wasn't fancy, but it was cut low and her tits practically spilled out the top. Jim pulled his gaze away from her chest long enough to notice that both Traci and Lynn were also staring at Gwen's barely contained tits. "Geez," joked Lynn, "I'm surprised you haven't fallen out of that thing."

"This is one of my boyfriend's favorites," Gwen replied.

"I can see why," Jim answered as Traci reached over and gave him a playful pinch on the arm.

"We'd better deal the cards before he drools on himself," Traci said as she dealt the next hand.

Soon both Lynn and Traci also removed their tops and Gwen removed her pants. Jim's cock had been hard since Gwen had exposed her bra and as the ladies continued to shed their clothes he had to shift his position to allow room for his hard cock. 

A few hands later Jim lost and removed his pants. He knew his erection was now plainly visible to the three women as it pushed an obvious tent in his boxers. He glanced around the table and noticed that both Lynn and Gwen were looking at the bulge from his hard cock. He made eye contact with Traci and she lustily licked her lips and gave him a wink.

Jim sat down and still couldn't believe what was happening. This was something straight out of his fantasies. He glanced around the table at the women and admired their tits and bras. His stomach fluttered as he briefly wondered how far this little game of theirs would go.

The cards were dealt again and Gwen lost. Jim excitedly looked at Gwen expecting to get a full view of her big tits, but instead of her bra she removed her panties. "Thought I would save the best for last," she joked, seemingly aware that the others had been vaguely distracted by her tits ever since she removed her top. The room was silent as Lynn, Traci, and Jim watched her remove her panties. Jim stared at Gwen's pussy and observed that her hair was neatly trimmed into a small triangle. Gwen sat down nervously with a little giggle and took a long drink. 

Next, Traci removed her bra leaving only her panties on. Traci's tits weren't nearly as large as Gwen's, but they were perfectly sized to fit her 5'6" frame. Jim had spent many nights teasing and playing with them and truly felt they were perfect. He noticed that Traci's nipples were hard and noticeably erect. His cock twitched with excitement when he considered that the sight of two partly clothed women had gotten her so excited. 

Gwen lost the next hand and would be the first to remove all her clothes. Part of Jim wondered if Gwen might decide that enough was enough and that the game would be over. Instead, Gwen stood up from her chair and slowly and teasingly removed her bra. After she dropped it to the floor she briefly covered her tits with her hands to prolong her tease just a few seconds more. After a few playful and encouraging comments from Lynn and Jim she slowly pulled her hands apart and revealed her naked body. 

Her nipples were very large and they quickly grew hard. She sat back down but Jim couldn't pull his attention away from her. The conversation had long since stopped and the room was mostly silent. Jim felt like his cock was about to burst from his excitement. 

Traci was the next to strip totally naked and Jim excitedly noticed how Lynn and Gwen both gazed at Traci's body. He also admired Traci's body and, even though he was very familiar with it, in this setting she looked better than ever. 

Jim lost the next hand and knew he had to remove his boxers. Any nerves he had felt before about having to strip naked were completely overwhelmed by his lust. He stood up from his seat, slowly slipped his boxers off his hips, and let them drop to the floor. His hard cock stood straight out in front of him and pointed directly across the table at Lynn. He stood still for a moment and glanced around the table. All three ladies stared directly at his cock and Jim felt his lust and confidence grow. 

Everyone was now naked except for Lynn who still wore her bra and panties. The cards were dealt again and Jim lost. There was a slight pause before Jim asked, "What now? I don't have anything left to pay with."

"Not so fast," replied Lynn. "You can't pay with clothes but you still need to pay up." 

"So what should we do?" asked Traci. Based on her reaction Jim guessed that Traci hadn't really thought about what would happen at this point of the game.

All eyes turned back to Lynn who gave them a sexy smile and said, "I think that if the loser doesn't have any clothes left that they should have to do what the winner tells them to."

"Really?" Traci asked in a surprised, excited voice.

"Sure," answered Lynn. "After all, we're all friends just having some fun, right?" Lynn paused and looked around the room before asking, "So is everyone game?"

Traci got a wicked gleam in her eye, gave Lynn a devilish smile, and said she agreed. Jim had no desire to argue with his wife and knew the time for nerves had long since passed, so he agreed. Gwen nodded her head and said she was game. 

Lynn surveyed the cards on the table and declared, "Gwen, he's at your command. What do you want him to do?"

There was a momentary silence as Gwen contemplated what to do. Jim thought he noticed her staring at his throbbing erection and his mind spun as he frantically wondered what she would say. He didn't know what to expect, but he was completely shocked when Gwen finally said, "I want to see him play with himself."

He looked over at Traci and made eye contact with her. Traci's eyes gleamed with excitement and she gave him a reassuring smile and a quick wink as if to let him know she wanted him to do it. Jim didn't know what had gotten into Traci, but he wasn't about to argue with her new adventurous side.

By now Lynn and Gwen started playfully badgering him about "paying up" and all three women let out a cheer when Jim stood up from his chair. The cheering quickly stopped and the room again filled with a sexual tension and energy so heavy Jim could feel it.

Jim brought his right hand toward his cock and lightly wrapped his fingers around the base of his hard shaft. He slowly stroked back and forth a couple of times and heard one of the women make an excited gasp. After a few more strokes he moved his hand lower to his balls. He played with them and gently rolled them in his hand as he glanced around the table to see the effect this was having on the women. 

Lynn sat directly across the table from him and they briefly made eye contact. Lynn's eyes glowed with lust and excitement and Jim stared excitedly as she moved her hand to her chest. She ran her fingers across her bra for a few moments before she hurriedly reached behind her and unclasped her bra. She pulled her bra off and threw it aside before she started rubbing her tits and nipples. Jim's gaze focused on her tits and on watching her play with herself, and a quick glance back at her face showed that her gaze was now fixed on his cock.

Jim glanced over at his wife and was somewhat shocked to see she had her legs spread apart and her hands were busy rubbing her pussy. Jim noticed Traci wasn't watching him or Lynn but was looking directly across the table at Gwen.
