 The ringing phone startled Jim. He had been deep in concentration trying to finish the report he was working on and he didn't usually get phone calls this late on a Friday afternoon. He had told his wife, Traci, that he would likely have to work late tonight, but happily he had gotten things done faster than expected and so he was almost finished. 

"Hello, Jim speaking."

"Hi honey, it's me." Jim was relieved to hear his wife's voice. He wasn't up for talking business or dealing with new issues at this hour.

"What's up?" Jim asked.

"Are you up for some adventure tonight?" There was a lot of background noise and he could hear Lynn's voice. He remembered that Traci had met Lynn today for happy hour drinks. Nothing in her voice was obviously different, but Jim knew her well enough to know she was probably feeling a little tipsy. He smiled because he knew that Traci got very horny when she drank, and he briefly contemplated the hot sex he hoped would be waiting for him at home later. 

Traci explained that a new club was opening in town and one of Lynn's friends was a partial owner. They were throwing a big opening night party and Lynn was able to get passes. "Are you game?" Traci asked. 

"Doesn't sound to me like you need to head to the club," Jim teased.

"Ohh, we're just getting warmed up. Whattya say?"

"Absolutely, sounds fun. I'll see you at home in a bit to change and get ready." He didn't need to ask if Traci was up for the party since she was always ready to hit the town. She had always been much more of an extrovert than him. Jim finished his work and got in the car for the relatively short drive home. 

As they prepared for the night Jim was excited for a couple of reasons. On one level he was simply excited to go to the party. They hadn't been out to a club in a while. He was also excited they would be going with Lynn.

Jim and Traci had been married nearly 4 years and were very much in love. His relationship with Traci was, as far as he was concerned, perfect. They were best friends and passionate lovers. They laughed at people who complained about how getting married eliminates the sex from a relationship. They fucked just as much now as when they were first dating. If anything, their sex life had become wilder and more satisfying.

They finished getting ready and got in the car for the drive to Lynn's apartment. Jim knew the way to Lynn's place quite well, and he and Traci had been there many times previously. Lynn and Jim used to work together, but about six months ago Lynn changed jobs. 

Lynn was nearly ten years older than them and had been divorced for a little more than 2 years. Lynn wasn't what Jim would call athletic, but she did work out a few times each week and kept herself in good shape. She was quite tall, just a shade over six feet, and she perhaps carried a few extra pounds, but she still looked very good.

Lynn was unlike anyone Jim and Traci had ever met. On first impression she was very calm and professional. She was also very friendly, and because of that she and Jim had become fast friends in the office. Traci and Lynn also hit it off right away, and before long they were getting together fairly regularly for dinner or just to hang out. Sometimes it was just the three of them and sometimes other friends joined them.

As they got to know Lynn they discovered that she had a bit of a wild side. For starters, Lynn was fairly open about her bisexuality. She never talked about having been with another woman, but she gave off some strong clues that she was interested in other women. Sometimes she would openly admire or stare at a good looking woman and on a few occasions she admitted that a particular woman was so hot it made her think about "switching teams". 

There was also something else about Lynn that was very appealing. She was definitely a striking, beautiful woman, but there was more to it than that. One night Jim and Traci had talked about this subject and the best way Jim could describe it was that Lynn had a certain aura of sensuality about her. Traci had teased him for quite a while about having a crush on their friend before she finally admitted that she knew what Jim meant.

Later during that same conversation Traci smiled knowingly at Jim and said she might have a guess as to why Lynn acted like that around him. Traci told Jim that she was sure Lynn had a crush on him. Apparently, one night at the bar when it had just been the two of them they started talking about men. Lynn had been feeling a little down at the time and during the conversation she told Traci she'd love to find someone as hot and nice as Jim. Later that same night, after a few more drinks, their conversation again turned to guys and they started evaluating which guys were "do-able". They went through some celebrities and random guys in the club before they started discussing other guys they knew. Out of curiosity, Traci tossed out Jim's name and Lynn immediately replied he was "very do-able". 

Jim wasn't entirely convinced Traci was telling him the truth, but then Traci told him about a conversation she and Lynn had even more recently.  Lynn told Traci about how she had gone to an adult store to buy a gag gift for a friend of hers and ended up buying a deck of "foreplay" cards. It was a standard deck of playing cards, but each card had a command on it that the loser of the hand would have to do. As Lynn was paying the lady at the counter said the cards were really fun and mentioned they were great for groups.

Traci said they shared a good laugh about it but later in the evening, after they had several more drinks, Lynn asked if Traci had ever done anything like that. "Like what?" Traci replied.

"Something with a group," Lynn answered. 

Traci said she hadn't and asked Lynn if she had. Lynn said she had and commented that it could be really, really fun with the right group of people. Traci's curiosity was now peaked and she pressed Lynn for more information. Lynn had worked as a bartender at a resort on the Mexican coast for a while. Both Jim and Traci already knew that, but what they didn't know was that it had been a single's resort known for wild parties. Lynn met her boyfriend, whom she later married before he got bored with her and left her for a college girl, at the resort when he was also an employee. Apparently, it wasn't uncommon for some of the parties at the resort to become orgies and Lynn and her boyfriend joined right in the fun.

Traci was surprised when Lynn commented, "It's been a long time since I've done anything like that, but sometimes I really miss it. With the right people it is a mind-blowing experience."

"What kind of people are the right people?" Traci asked.

"I don't know, I guess people like you and Jim," Lynn replied.

Traci was shocked and asked Lynn if she was serious. Lynn said she was very serious and explained that both Jim and Traci were attractive, smart, and interesting people. However, she said that the most important reason was that their relationship was steady and solid. "If people start getting insecure about their relationship or jealous of each other and what is happening it gets all weird," Lynn said. Her tone let Traci know she had gone through something just like that. Traci was shocked but oddly curious at the same time. She asked Lynn if she really meant it.

"Absolutely," Lynn replied, "I'd do it with you two in a minute." She paused and then added, "If you were comfortable with it."

Traci didn't know what to say and didn't say anything for a few moments. Finally Lynn said, "Come on, don't tell me you've never thought about it." Traci admitted that she had but then they didn't talk much more about it that night.

Jim couldn't believe that Lynn had so directly told Traci that she wanted to have a three-way fuck with them. "She really said that?" he asked. 

"Yes," Traci answered. "She didn't bring it up again but I couldn't get her comment out of my mind. I don't know, I've never had someone be so candid and direct about something so wild and kinky."

The idea that Lynn was hot for him and Traci made him wildly horny. For the next few days after their conversation he and Traci fucked wildly every night. He never said anything about why he was feeling so horny but Traci surprised him about a week later by guessing it in the midst of some excited foreplay. Both were already naked and Jim had just spent several long minutes licking and sucking at Traci's big tits and nipples. Traci's tits were very sensitive and sometimes, when she was really horny, she would orgasm simply from having her nipples sucked. Jim teased her perfectly and by the time they changed positions she was obviously very excited.

She rolled him onto his back and shifted so she was kneeling between his legs. She gazed hungrily at his rock hard cock before luridly licking his shaft with a few long, slow strokes. Jim closed his eyes and waited for her lips to engulf his cock. He could feel her lips hovering very near his cock and felt her warm breath on his excited tip. She caressed his balls in her fingers and gently rolled and played with them.

Instead of taking his cock into her mouth Traci surprised him by asking, "Do you wish Lynn would play with your cock like this?"

Jim's eyes shot wide open and he gazed at his wife as she hovered over the end of his hard cock. Occasionally she let her lips brush against his shaft but whenever he tried to push his cock toward her mouth she would pull away slightly. 

It wasn't unusual for them to engage in a little dirty talk while they fucked. Traci had a bit of an exhibitionist streak in her and so often their dirty talk involved Jim describing how anonymous strangers or sometimes their neighbors might be secretly watching them fuck. 

Occasionally they also talked about having a three-way fuck, but this was always during the heat of passion and they had never used names. While he was fucking Traci or licking her pussy Jim would say things like, "Imagine she is sucking on your nipples," or, "She's leaning over you and her hard nipples are dragging back and forth across your lips." Sometimes he talked about another guy being there so she could suck his cock while Jim fucked her. Traci would describe similar scenes for him always involving an anonymous third lover, but never before had they put a name or an actual face on their imaginary partner.

Jim remained frozen, just staring at Traci not sure of what to say. Traci smiled wickedly at him and lavished her tongue across the tip of his cock before purring, "Come on, don't tell me you haven't thought about it. I've noticed how horny you've been since I told you that Lynn was hot for you."

She licked his cock slowly, just the way he liked it, and then said, "It's OK, I just want you to admit that you fantasize about Lynn." With that she slipped her hand off his balls and wrapped her skilled fingers around the base of his shaft. She began stroking him, but at a pace so slow and deliberate she knew it would only serve to drive him wild with lust. As she did this she asked, "Do you think about Lynn stroking your cock like this?"

Jim's reserves finally melted away. It seemed what she wanted to hear anyway, so Jim finally groaned, "Yes."

Traci smiled excitedly and continued asking him questions about their friend. Finally, she asked, "Do you think about fucking her? Having her sit over you and riding your cock until you cum?"

The combination of Traci's perfect touch on his cock, her surprisingly nasty talk, and the vivid scene she was describing soon overwhelmed Jim. With a long groan Jim started cumming in long, heavy strands all over his stomach and then over Traci's wrist and hand.

Traci had clearly been excited by their talk, as she didn't stop teasing his cock when he finished cumming. She spun around and crawled over Jim before lowering her pussy onto Jim's waiting mouth. He was amazed at how wet she was and eagerly drove his tongue as far inside her as he could before he started fucking her with his tongue. He alternated between that and teasing her clit with his lips and tongue. He knew she wouldn't be able to maintain her control for long.

As he built Traci toward her orgasm she used her mouth and fingers to coax life back into his cock. By the time Traci moaned and shuttered with the first waves of her orgasm she had Jim's cock back to full size. Traci rocked her hips back and forth and rubbed her pussy roughly against Jim's mouth as he slipped his tongue inside her pussy to feel the amazing way it danced as she came. By the time she finished cumming Jim's face was drenched with her juices.

Even though she had just finished cumming she clearly wasn't done. She spun around and brought her pussy right over Jim's cock. With one motion she lowered herself on him and didn't stop until he was buried all the way inside her pussy. Jim let out a wild groan as Traci started fucking him. She rode his cock wildly and it was clear that she was still very excited.

They fucked like this for a while before Traci crawled off and got on her hands and knees. Jim quickly scrambled behind her and plunged his cock back inside her pussy as he grasped her hips. When Traci was really horny she loved to be fucked hard and fast, and soon she was urging Jim to fuck her harder. The bed shook and their bodies slapped together roughly.

Jim wanted to prolong the fuck a bit longer and stopped himself just before he came. He pulled his cock out and guided Traci to roll over so she was lying on her back. Jim resumed their fuck, this time in the missionary position. Traci again urged him to fuck her hard and Jim couldn't help but oblige. She held her legs wide open as Jim pounded his cock into her. 

He started cumming with a mighty groan. Just as he started to cum Traci grasped his lower back and pulled him roughly against her. She began rocking her hips from side to side as Jim filled her pussy. They stayed like this for a few more long moments until Traci finally burst into her second orgasm of the night. She cried out and seemed completely consumed by her pleasure. When she finished cumming she pulled him down on top of her and they quickly fell into a contented sleep.

The next morning Jim wasn't sure if he should bring up their conversation or just chalk it up to nothing more than something said in the heat of the moment to turn each other on. Traci didn't bring it up so Jim figured it most likely didn't mean anything more than their other scenarios they sometimes discussed while fucking.

Still, the images that Traci described of him and Lynn together stayed in his mind and made him horny whenever he thought about them. In addition to what had been said there was also something else about Traci mentioning Lynn that peaked Jim's curiosity and made his dirty mind spin as he searched for hidden meanings. Jim had nothing to base it on other than his instincts, but he suspected that Traci had a slight crush on Lynn. She had never said anything directly about it, but sometimes Traci talked about how beautiful Lynn was and how she hoped she would look that good in ten years. 

Jim knew that talking about their anonymous partner always drove Traci wild with lust and that she became very excited by his descriptions of another woman sucking her tits or pussy or of Traci doing the same to her. He knew she had never actually been with another woman, and a part of him wondered if she would be willing to try it in the right circumstances.

For a while now one of Jim's favorite fantasies was to imagine fucking Traci and Lynn together in a completely open, mutual fuck. He thought about trying to determine if Traci's interest in other women was something they could actually investigate together but he assumed the whole thing was just a product of his overactive imagination and his horny mind. Still, Jim thought that there was a special glimmer in Traci's eyes when she talked about Lynn, but he never knew if it was real or if he was imagining it. 

Traci and Jim soon arrived at Lynn's place to pick her up. They had both dressed up nicely for the night and Traci looked like a total knockout. Her dress was one of Jim's favorites. It had a way of hugging her curves and showing off her body that drove Jim crazy. It wasn't that revealing, it went down to her knees and had a fairly conservative collar, but there was something about its cut and the particular fabric that made her look awesome. 

When Lynn opened the door Jim couldn't believe how hot she looked. She invited them in for a moment so she could finish getting ready. Jim watched her walk away from them and into the bedroom while telling them to make themselves comfortable. 

Black, spike-heeled shoes amplified her already tall figure. Lynn usually wore flat shoes and had once told them that after years of trying not to be taller than her dates she had just gotten used to not wearing heels. If she was uncomfortable in the tall heels it didn't show at all. She walked steadily and easily across the living room.

From her shoes Jim's eyes traveled up her legs. Lynn's long, sexy legs were encased in nylons and left largely exposed to view. Her black skirt only covered the very upper part of her legs and stopped well before the mid-point of her thighs. The skirt wasn't tight but with it being so short Jim still found it wildly exciting. She wore a matching black top with a mock turtleneck collar. The top was very tight and almost seemed like a second skin as it stretched itself tightly across her large tits. Lynn's jewelry and accessories perfectly accented her outfit and made her look even sexier. Her short hair was perfectly done and Jim thought he noticed just a hint more make up than Lynn tended to wear. 

Jim also noticed that, as usual, Lynn had gotten herself warmed up for the night. In her kitchen he saw a bottle of vodka and the other ingredients necessary to mix a strong vodka gimlet, one of Lynn's favorite drinks. When Lynn came out of her bedroom again Jim could see from her body language and could hear from her speech that she was probably drunk already.

Lynn gave Traci a big hug and they talked excitedly about how great they thought the other person looked. Lynn said it had been far too long since the three of them had gotten together and mentioned how she missed them. 

When Lynn turned to Jim she looked him from head to toe and made a comment about how nicely he "cleaned up". Jim thought he noticed a lusty gleam in Lynn's eye as she talked but wondered if he hadn't just imagined the whole thing. When Lynn left the room to get her keys from the kitchen Traci elbowed Jim playfully and whispered, "She is so hot for you." Jim didn't know exactly what to say and so just smiled and thought to himself that the feeling was mutual. 

Lynn returned shortly and they walked down to the car. Traci offered to climb into the backseat of their small sports car as she was quite a bit shorter than Lynn, but Lynn refused and said she would get in back. Jim held the driver's side door open for Lynn as she climbed in. He didn't think it was intentional, but as Lynn scooted back into the seat she gave Jim a perfect view up her skirt. Even this brief glimpse of her black panties made his cock jump.

Once at the club Jim again held the door open and offered his hand to Lynn as she climbed out. He was again treated to a quick glimpse up her skirt and a warm smile from Lynn as she commented about what a gentleman he was. Jim wondered if she would think he was such a gentleman if she knew what he was really thinking about.

The party at the club was already crowded and rowdy. The drinks were flowing and the dance floor was packed with a mix of older and younger people. The one thing everyone had in common was that they were dressed very nicely and were having a great time. Several different guys hit on Lynn during the night and she even danced with a couple of them, but each time she came back to Jim and Traci laughing about how lame the guy was.
