 All characters in the following fictional work are original creations. Any resemblance to real persons – either living or deceased – is unintentional on the part of the Author. Unless otherwise noted in the narrative all characters are written as being eighteen years of age. The narrative contains graphic depictions of sexual activity between consenting parties and is not intended for minors.

-Thank You





Heather despised Friday nights. It was the one day of the week when her mother excused herself to go out with her friends – several of whom she was fucking – and her brother had his idiot fraternity brothers over for a poker game. These games normally lasted well into the wee hours of the morning and kept her awake until she passed out from exhaustion. She had a feeling that tonight was not going to prove any different. She had already told Fisher goodnight and sent him home. Their date had been the usual bullshit. A bag of cheap fast food and then parking at The Point while he tried to tease an orgasm out of her with his puny pecker! Tonight she had sucked him off so he would quit whining at her, but doing that had only stirred something deeper inside of her. She couldn't really recall the last time that she had gotten enough cock to satisfy herself. No sooner had that thought come to the fore than the sound of a loud fart – and even louder laughter – carried to her from the family room downstairs. Maybe it was time that she took a more active interest in her brother and his social circle after all? After a quick clothing change Heather was closing her bedroom door and heading to the main floor of the house . . . 

 Tony swore a blue streak as he crapped out on his third straight hand. That meant he was down another ten dollars and it was getting harder and harder to cover his debts with his frat brothers. It was bad enough then that he had an entire house filled with assholes, but they were taking his money as well! Anton asked to use the head and Pete excused himself to grab another round of brews. At least the beer was cold and there was plenty of it. Maybe they would all get drunk tonight and forget how deep he was into each of them? If not, it was going to be another month of earning his keep around 'The House' by washing their clothes, doing their homework, and being their bitch as he took their girls to every fucking, idiotic, chick-flick and estrogen-fest that they could find within ten miles of the college campus.

"Mind if I sit in?" Came the cautious voice of his kid-sister, cutting into Tony's brooding and lightening his dark mood.

"Sure thing. You ever played before?" He asked her.

"Not for money." Heather confessed, as her cheeks flushed pink and she shifted nervously in the doorway.

"What do you mean, not for money?" He risked asking. Afraid of the answer he was going to hear.

"Only for clothes a couple of times. Oh, and then there was my first game where I bet my virginity – and lost!" Heather smiled at the shocked look on Tony's face. He had always suspected that she wasn't a virgin anymore, but hearing it right out of her own mouth came as something of a surprise.

 Tony waved her into the room and gave her a five minute run-down on five card draw and Texas Hold 'em, the two variations of poker that they always played during these sessions. No sooner was he winding up her tutorial than the guys started drifting back into the room and taking up their seats. Anton flopped into his seat and bitched about flowery shit being in the crapper – and the fact that he had clogged the toilet. Pete turned up with two more twelve packs from the bar down the hall. Without even asking he popped a brew and handed it to Heather. Tony was about to start bitching her out, but she tilted back her head and slammed the damn thing like a pro. Who would have suspected that his sister could drink beer like a pro? Eric and Mike had stayed in the room as Tony had given Heather the rundown. Keeping their mouths shut and their eyes riveted on how well her shirt was filled out by her tits!

Good, thought Heather as her brother read her in on the rules they were playing under. Her panties were sopping wet just from entertaining the notion of what she wanted to do and she was having a hard time not sliding a hand down the front of her denim shorts to rub one off right in front of everyone sitting around her. She was only happy that everyone here – except her – had a swinging dick. If any of these guy's girlfriends had been sitting in it might have been a little awkward. Not that she hadn't experimented with eating pussy before. Just when given a choice she much preferred cock to cunt any day of the week!

 Tony had just dealt five cards to everyone and they were passing chips into the center of table while talking shit to each other and drinking more beers. Anton had fished inside a jacket on the back of his chair and passed around cigars as well. Before the discard phase the entire room was filling with thick smoke. Heather puffed on her stogie with practiced ease and watched as the older guys sitting around here were conflicted. They were having a hard time keeping their eyes on their cards and off of her chest. It was one of the quiet ones then that broke the silence with a rather pointed question.

"What else do you smoke as well as that cigar, Heather?" Asked the one named Eric.

"Hey asshole, that is my sister your talking to like that!" Interjected Tony even as she was raising her hand to back him down. Heather took a long drag on the cigar and downed her beer before answering.

"I would say something like my fair share of swinging cocks, but since there aren't any of those sitting around the table . . ." Her dismissal of Eric earned her a couple of knuckle bumps and one high-five.

 Eric ended up taking the hand and the pot amid'st everyone swearing, drinking more beers, and looking at Heather as she put down her cards in disgust! Not one to allow a winning hand to slip past without some well-deserved gloating, Eric smiled up at her from where he was counting his chips, and flipped her a casual bird. Her hand shot out faster than Eric could react and he almost fell out of his chair in surprise when Heather popped that digit into her mouth and nursed it like she was sucking a hard dick! Everyone else around the table cheered with the exception of Tony who was as dumbstruck as Eric by watching his kid-sister simulating giving head on the hand of one of his friends.

"Tell you what guys." Heather said as her mouth made a wet popping noise as she released Eric's finger. "My limp-dick boyfriend couldn't get me off tonight so I actually joined your game looking for a little more action than just some plastic chips and the bullshit the lot of you have been sending around the table. Every hand I lose for the rest of the evening is going to get the winner a treat. Every hand I win from now on means that you assholes owe me something. Sound good to you?" 

Her disarming smile, coupled with the way she leaned forward and showed everyone sitting around the table her cleavage, was all the convincing that everyone but Tony needed and it was the fastest deal that had been made all night as the cards flew around the table . . .

Heather was feeling a little better now. During the last half-dozen hands she had lost four of them, much to the delight of the other players! Her losses, thus far, amounted to a strip tease/lap dance for Anton, a hand job for Mike and one for Pete as well. Throughout all of that she had kept her sodden panties on and had allowed the guys to feel her up through them and to maul her tits with their eager hands. Her slit was weeping into the chair and her thighs were sticky with her own juice even as Tony continued to throw her looks of absolute shock and horror! Heather's only disappointment thus far was that none of them had scored a high enough hand to earn their way into her panties! Her body was aching for a hard dick – or two – and from the way the hands on the clock were running it was not going to be much longer before 'Mom' came toddling in the front door . . .

 Heather's low pair did nothing for her as Mike put down a flush. Licking his lips he was remembering the hand job that Heather had given him for a three-of-a-kind and was beginning to wonder how much better it could possibly get? Standing up from her chair she threw her cards into the center of the table and swung her hips as she walked around to where he was sitting. When she came to a stop she bent over at the waist – leaving Pete looking at her shapely ass – and reached into his lap! In a matter of a few more seconds the fly of his boxers was open again and she had pulled out his hardening cock! With practiced ease Heather dropped to her knees and engulfed him in a single fluid motion! 

 Her lips tightened around his shaft and her darting tongue teased the swelling head of his cock. While her right hand stroked him to a hardness he had never encountered before, her left hand had vanished inside his jeans to take a hold on his balls. Rolling them in her hand and tugging on them gently. She grazed the underside of his shaft, gently, with her teeth and at that point Mike felt another load of his cum boiling in his balls! Heather's head bobbed in short strokes and her hands never quit moving on him. She was only a moment or two longer before Mike's eyes rolled back in his skull and the very last thing on his mind was the winning hand of cards he had just been holding! Heather kept him inside of her mouth as his cum shot into her, the sweetest smile on her face and a dreamy look in her eyes. 

 Drinking down every sweet drop of cum he gave her and savoring it, Heather was in heaven! Whatever this guy was eating it made his junk taste so much better than Fisher's. It was tart with a sweet finish and she found that she enjoyed drinking him down! Of course nobody had done anything except watch as she had done that. Except Pete of course. While everyone had their eyes on her busy mouth and hands, Pete had been busily fingering her snatch and the tender pucker of her asshole! She had been getting so into that she had damn near cum herself. Standing up to return to her seat she became very aware of the loss as he was forced to move his hand away from her crotch so she could move. In walking past her brother, Heather paused, placed two fingers into the elastic band at the top of her panties and casually stepped out of them! Every red-blooded guy around the table gave a whoop of joy too as she cast them into the pot with the chips for the next hand.

"Next winner gets the grand prize!" She teased. Flashing a smile to Tony and taking note that he was now doing his level best to sit in such a way that his friends wouldn't take note of the swelling in the crotch of his own jeans.

Fuck! Two hands gone and she had won them both! Heather was horny and sitting naked around a poker table with a bunch of college guys and none of them could close the deal with her! Of course her wins had not been without their benefit. Anton had displayed some measure of skill when it came to eating pussy. Though she had taken more pleasure from the two fingers he had used on her. One buried completely inside of her cunt, the other had made a rare entrance into her asshole! He had teased her to the point of orgasm before 'suddenly' remembering that his beer was getting warm and returning to his seat. Eric, for all his bluster, had decided to use her win as an excuse to whip it out before fucking her tits until he showered her upper chest and chin with his spunk! Through all of this the other guys sitting around had looked on. Heather might have been mistaken but she could have sworn she saw more than one hand grabbing at a cock as her show carried on to its inevitable climax. She was not at all displeased to note that Tony was even starting to cheer on some of the action. The swelling in his pants was definitely worth investigating . . . 

 Two aces looked up at her and she had just tossed two more cards to re-draw. When they both came back as Queens Heather wanted to cry with joy! A goddamn full house! Just in an attempt to keep things interesting though she raised the pot two more times and bluffed out Pete, Mike, and Eric, leaving only Anton and Tony sitting across the table from her holding their cards. Well, Tony was holding his cards and another beer. Anton, his cards in one hand, his stiff dick in the other. Heather had to admit that it was an impressive specimen too. Five inches, maybe six, as it was now, with a bulbous head and a shaft easily as thick as Anton's wrist! Her pussy tightened and twitched just thinking about it and the leather seat under her ass was already sticky from her building excitement!

"Fine." Anton said as he matched her ten dollar bet and then tossed a three-of-a-kind on the table."

"Dammit!" Tony tossed down a pair and then sank down into his chair in disgust.

Heather took one more look at her cards and then placed them face down on the table, faking a frown of disappointment. Anton whooped and then motioned for her to come around the table and join him. Despite not getting in on the action that was coming the other guys encouraged Heather too. 

 Standing up she lightly brushed her fingers through her damp pubic hair and over her mound, passing them to the top of her slit and then easing the lips of her pussy apart so that everyone sitting around the table could see her pink inner lips and the glistening wetness that had already been raised there! Just her own touch made Heather squirm and she could not wait for Anton's cock. With just a half dozen long strides she was around the table and standing in front of him. The winner said nothing before burying his nose in her dew soaked pubic hair and breathing in her musk! He kicked back his chair as he stood up and dropped his shorts to the ground. Heather was not surprised to learn that he had not been wearing any briefs or boxers to begin with. Eric had stood as well and kicked off his jeans and briefs and was now nursing a hard – albeit thin – cock as well with his right hand. Pete and Mike took their cues from the other two and though they remained sitting their cocks came out as well. All of them were hard and all of them were ready! Heather winked at Tony and mouthed an 'okay' to him even as she was allowing Anton to bend her over the back of the chair in front of her!

She had squirmed when Anton had slipped up behind her and used one of his legs to push her own apart. His low whistle of appreciation of what he saw warmed her insides and caused her pussy to tighten up in anticipation of just what was coming! Anton was already rock hard so Heather hurried him along by reaching underneath herself and between her own legs to lightly encircle his shaft in her own small, warm, hand. She knew the angle already and guided the head of his cock to her weeping slit, lodging that bulbous beauty against the opening of her tunnel and then moving her hips up and down – encouraging him to bury himself inside of her. . . 

 Tony shifted in his own seat. Uncomfortable in what he was seeing, and from the throbbing hard on tonight had given him. Anton now had Heather bent over the chair and was beginning to feed his dick into her yearning cunt! His little sister was definitely hot, with a nice, well-rounded, ass, flat stomach, nice tits and a pussy covered in a strawberry blond thatch! A color that had always turned him on. Her green eyes were electric as her mouth hung open in a silent 'Oh' as Anton pressed home and his balls tapped her swollen clit! Tony listened as she grunted with each sharp thrust of Anton's hips and from where he was sitting he had ring side seats as that thick shaft opened her up. Tony knew his mind had drifted to a wrong place when he found his own pants down around his ankles and he began wondering how nice that tight little box might feel if it was him inside of her?

 Heather groaned the first time those ponderous balls tapped against her hot and swollen clitoris! Her body screamed with waves of pleasure as Anton took her and buried that magnificent specimen of his completely inside of her in a single, senses-shattering, thrust. She was aware that the only noises she was making were guttural and animalistic as she was ridden hard, her slit weeping around the welcome intrusion and that 'hurts so good' feeling welled up inside of her and started her cunt building toward an orgasm! His hands had her hooked under her pelvis and as he was pounding into her she was rising to meet each thrust in an attempt to take every inch of cock inside of her that she could. Her head was hanging down because of the angle of her body so she was only vaguely aware of someone else trying to crash the party as their shadow passed in front of her.

"What the hell are you doing?" Came Tony's voice from somewhere off and behind her. Heather hoped he was enjoying the show.

"She has more than one hole, doesn't she?" Asked Eric. Heather had never taken more than one cock at a time, but she was so turned on by what she was doing tonight that her inhibitions were completely gone and her lust made the idea of multiple partners seem very appealing to her.

God, yes please! Her mind and body screamed together in unison even as Anton continued fucking her like she had never been fucked before and the debate continued on around her as though she were just another piece of the furniture. A piece that had every hole that these guys wanted to fill, she had to admit that, and it was something she now found herself desperately wanting!

"That's my sister you want to treat like a piece of fucking meat, ass-wipe!" Tony was getting pissed but remained seated. "You could at least ask her before you go waving your pathetic cock in her face like she was some porn whore?"

"Mmm...oh...oh...oh!" Heather grunted in time with Anton's surging cock, her own pussy tightening up and it swelled and touched every inch of her grasping channel! "Yes!" She groaned. She braced her hands on the back of the chair, lifting her head against the crashing waves of pleasure assaulting her brain and looked at Eric through the tears of sheer pleasure that Anton was fucking out of her! He had been standing with one leg raised in the chair and was absently rolling his own balls with one hand while he stroked himself with the other. 

 It was on one of Anton's outward stokes that Heather reached forward, grabbed Eric's dick, and opened her mouth. She slipped him between her lips and allowed him to rest on her tongue as Anton sank back inside of her! As Anton began slipping back out of her, Heather slipped her head forward, swallowing Eric to his root and burying her nose in the carrot-orange colored pubic hair resting atop his shaft and growing over his balls. The sudden addition of a warm, salty, cock in her mouth caused her swelling orgasm to swing into over-drive and she clamped her pussy down on Anton – trapping him inside of her – even as Eric gently began fucking her mouth! Heather kept still and tightened her lips around that shaft. He was smaller than Anton – thank God – so taking him like this and allowing him to use her was not a stretch for her. Now, with two dicks pleasing her those diffuse waves of mounting pleasure exploded through her. Spurred on by her wanton behavior, her orgasm ripped through her a few second ahead of Anton going balls-deep inside of her and Heather became, only marginally, aware as he showered her canal and womb in a large load of cum! Eric had to be premature because even as the first squirt from Anton was coating the inside of her wanton little pussy the over-eager shit swelled against her tongue and lips and squirted his thin, sour-tasting, load into her mouth!

 Heather swam back to full awareness, feeling an unwelcome emptiness between her legs and holding Eric in her mouth so that she could push his cum back onto his cock and stomach! Only once she had done that did she allow his rapidly deflating member to slip from between her lips so that she could hang, exhausted, over the chair that had just been so vigorously used. She could feel Anton's load weeping out of her and only wanted to grab a napkin to finish wiping the taste of Eric out of her mouth. She settled for accepting the beer that Pete passed her, and with shaking hands, downed it with thankful gulps. Moving around she sank down into the chair and felt the welcome soreness of real sex beginning to blossom between her legs. Still, she was a little amazed that she was not yet completely satiated. Lucky for her there were still three hard cocks around the table. One of which she was saving a special treat for. One that Heather was certain he would not be able to refuse.
