 My husband is not one for spending a lot of time hanging out with "the guys," but every now and then he enjoys a Poker Night. On one particular night, it was at our house. I was not wanting to go out with my friends, so I decided I would hang out at home. Everyone arrived, I said hello and then disappeared to our room to get caught up on my shows. 

It wasn't long until my husband came into the bedroom and closed the door behind him. He said the evening was going to be "a bit different" and said that I should play along. 

I am very adventurous and I know my husband knows exactly what I like, so I told him I was up for anything. He also knows one of my biggest fantasies is to be messed with by a bunch of different guys. I thought maybe this was my lucky night. 

He pulled an index card out of his shirt pocket and said that he won the cut to be the first dealer. As he held the card between his fingers, he said that once a pot had reached a certain amount, the winner would draw a card and had to follow the instructions on the card. He said he was first and wanted to show me how it would work. Then he handed me the card. It said "Walk up behind Kim and rub your hands all over her tits on the outside of her clothes." This is not what I expected from Poker Night...it was better. 

I took the card and said, "Go ahead". 

He walked up behind me and did just what the card said. I thought I was going to melt as I felt his breath on my neck. My pussy started getting wet when he grabbed my tits through my clothes. After a few minutes, he stopped and walked out. 

After about 15 minutes, I heard a cheer like someone had won something big. A few moments later, the door opened and in walked one of his friends. He handed me a card that said "Watch Kim take her pants off." 

"Here we go," I thought to myself. He seemed a little nervous but I was ready to go. I put my fingers inside my waist band and slowly slide my pants down my legs in as sexy a way as I knew how. Once they were off, I slowly turned around in front of him to let him take a good look. I don't know if he noticed, but I could feel the wet spot between my legs already. He went back to the game.

Next was a different friend. He handed me his card that said "Watch Kim take her shirt off." I have bigger tits and I quite often catch my husband's friends looking at them...much to my enjoyment. I like to wear something low cut or really tight when they are around just to tease them. I slowly raised my shirt over my head and my tits fell back on my body still in my bra. I stood in front of him with my hands on my hips as he looked at me. 

As I watched him looking at me, I noticed he was shifting back and forth. I thought he must have a boner on the rise. There is nothing more exciting to me than someone looking at me and getting hard. Then he returned to the game.

A bit later, the third player came in. He is the shy one of the group. He was hesitant to move toward me so I walked up to him and took his card. "Watch Kim take her bra off." He nervously looked around the room. 

I walked up to him and gently placed my hands on the sides of his face. I carefully moved his head and pointed his eyes right at my chest. I stepped back and slowly reached to undo my bra. Once it was unhooked, I slid it off my shoulders and dropped it to the floor. His eyes got big. My nipples were already hard and my pussy was really tingling. 

He stood there for what seemed like forever, staring at my DD's. The longer he stared, the more excited I got. While he stood there, I noticed a rising in his pants. I shifted my weight so that my breasts would sway back and forth. 

Finally, he snapped to attention and went back to the game. That was probably the most erotic, non-contact sexual experience of my life. I wondered where it would go from here.

A bit later, in came my husband. I wasn't about to wait for him so I immediately went to him and took his card. "Take Kim's panties off." 

He squatted in from of me and slowly slid them down my legs...making sure to rub his hands against me all the way down to the floor. He turned me around and took in the view of my naked ass. I bent over just a little so he could see my lips peeking through. He turned me around again and his face was right in front of my pussy. 

I wanted to ride his face right then. I could feel him breathing on me and it drove me crazy. I spread my legs about shoulder width apart so he could see how swollen my lips were and how wet I was. 

After a few moments of being face to face with my now soaking wet cunt, he stood up and backed away. As I looked down I could tell that his dick was very hard inside his pants and he did nothing to hide it or adjust it. I looked up at him and he just grinned. Then he returned to the game.

After that, I was alone for about 20 minutes. I was completely naked with a soaking wet pussy and rock hard nipples. I played with my tits for a while and then rubbed my pussy. At this point, it would not take much to send me into an orgasm frenzy. 

Finally, the guys started coming in again, but this time their cards ALL said the same thing. "Show Kim your hard dick." 

One at a time, each man came into the room after winning a hand. He closed the door, dropped his pants and grabbed his dick as I sat in a chair getting a good look at each of their members. As they each dropped their pants and played with their dicks in front of me, my hand would go straight to my snatch. 

The last one this round was again my husband. He did as the others had done. He dropped his pants and pulled out his hard prick. However, I couldn't resist. I immediately got on my knees, grabbed his ass and swallowed his dick. I was so fucking turned on that I sucked his dick like it was going to be the last dick I would ever see or taste. I wanted a mouthful of his cum right then. 

At the same time, one of my hands was all over my clit. I slammed my head up and down until he blew his load and filled up my hungry mouth. I swallowed it right down. Then, I came all over my fingers. 

After a few moments, I stood up without saying a word and licked my lips and then sucked my own juices off of my fingers. He pulled his pants up and headed toward the door, but only after he thoroughly looked me up and down. I wanted to jump him right then, but he returned to the game. 

I decided that it was time for me to mess with the guys. So, I opened the bedroom door and walked to the kitchen bare ass naked. I walked right past the table and straight to the refrigerator as if this was any normal evening. I grabbed a beer, opened it and drank down about half of it standing right there with them watching my every move. 

As I stood in the open door of the refrigerator, my nipples were as hard as they could get. I rubbed them to make sure they all saw. Then, as I started to go back to the bedroom, with the sluttiest walk I could give, I stopped at the table. "Don't mind me, I get really thirsty after giving a really good blow job and swallowing a mouthful of cum." They were stunned, except my husband who had a huge smile on his face. He slapped my ass really hard and I went back to the room.

As the game continued, their cards now instructed them to do the things to me that are some of my favorites. "Rub your dick up and down the crack of Kim's ass." I turned around and bent over. After a couple of minutes, I felt cum all over my ass and lower back. 

Next was "Fuck Kim's tits." I dropped to my knees and had my tits fucked until cum splashed on my neck and chin. 

Then, it was Mr. Shy's turn again and his card said "Let Kim jerk your dick." I took charge. I slammed his pants and boxers down and shoved him on the floor. I straddled his legs and jerked his dick for all I was worth. All the while, my juicy knockers were slamming up and down and back and forth. I grabbed his hands and put them on my tits and went back to jerking his prick. "Don't be shy," I told him. That put him over the edge. As he squeezed my tits and then pulled on my hard nipples, his cum shot in the air and landed on both of us. When that happened, I came as well. 

Between each load, I would clean up a little and then wait for the next one to come in. 

My husband finally got a turn. His card said to "Jerk off while you watch Kim finger her pussy." I laid on my back on the bed with my head hanging off the side. He straddled my face and started pumping his cock. As my body squirmed with orgasm after orgasm, his balls were slapping all over my face as he jerked off. When he was ready, he pointed his dick at me and shot his load all over my face. 

I could not believe that all these fantasies were coming true in one night. It was all such a blur that I thought I might be dreaming, but whenever fresh, hot cum would hit my body, I knew it was for real.

This continued for most of the night. They jerked off for me and I jerked them off. I masturbated for them and they rubbed their dicks all over me. My tits were fucked repeatedly. They came on my ass, my tits, my stomach, my face, my back. I think I handled more dick and saw more cum that night than I had in my entire life. 

Finally, the game was over and the guys left so I walked out to the living room. My husband was standing in front of the couch with a smile. "Did you have a good time?" he asked. 

Now it was his turn. We weren't going to "make love", I was going to FUCK him. I jerked his pants off and his dick slapped me in the face. I rubbed it all over my face for a few seconds. Next, I shoved him down on the couch and straddled him. As I slammed down on his shaft, it felt like his dick all the way in my throat. My insides were about to burst and as I sat all the way down on him, I came really hard. I went momentarily limp. 

Once I regained my breath, I looked him dead in the eyes and said, "YOU ARE GETTING FUCKED!" I fucked the shit out of him! I lost count of how many times I came bouncing around, slamming down on him and grinding on his cock. I buried his face in my tits and told him exactly what I wanted. "Cum for me. Give it all to me. Fill my pussy up. I am going to fuck you until you give me every last drop." 

He did just as I asked. He exploded inside my hungry cunt until I could feel his cum oozing out of me. We both slid down to the floor exhausted.

After I gathered myself, I got up to go to the shower. Then, I finally remembered to ask him who won the game. 

He looked at me he said, "You did". 

As I shook my ass walking toward the bedroom, I turned back to him and said, "Yes I did. Just wait until the next Ladies Night."