 A John and Cassie Story

It was Friday. Cassie was tired. Bone tired. It had been a difficult week. She worked in a commission only sales position and the pressure was always on. With the sluggish economy, business was tough. She worked hard through the week and always looked forward to the weekends. It was a time for her and John to get together and relax and enjoy each other's company.

As she drove home, Cassie thought about John. He had been her friend, lover and companion for over five years. They had shared a lot together. The intimate connections, physical, emotional and cognitive had forged a special bond between them.

Cassie knew that John would be waiting for her as she dove home. It was the first Friday of the month – Poker Night – Ladies Poker Night.

John had been an avid poker player since he was a little boy. Grandson of a river boat gambler, a love of cards seemed to run in his blood. With his keen math ability, his sharp mind and his acute ability to observe and interpret the behavior of people, John was a natural at cards. 

He had taught Cassie to play and had become a willing and eager teacher when she decided to host a monthly poker game for her girlfriends.

And so on the first Friday of every month, John acted as dealer and bartender for Cassie and her girlfriends as they enjoyed their monthly poker night.

Cassie made the quick trip home, knowing that she was late and hoping that John had things in order for the game. They had spoken earlier in the day and Cassie had told John than she might be late in getting home because of a late conference call with a client. John had assured her not to worry; to take care of business at the office and that he would arrive early to her house and get the wheels in motion for the game.

John had made the commitment to drive down to Cassie for these monthly games, because truth to be told he really enjoyed it. He had patiently taught a select group of Cassie's closest friend to play several different kinds of poker. And although Cassie had invested in the chips and cards, the ladies never seemed interested in dealing and really keeping track of the blinds and the scoring. So even after the initial lessons, John had settled into the role of dealer. He often thought that the ladies forgot he was there as they were playing. And that was alright with John. He was content to sit back and deal, remind them occasionally of the size of the blind and how the bets were running. But most of the time he kept silent and watched and listened. And each poker night, the ladies always surprised him.

John was a keen observer of people and had always loved the ladies. He had many close women friends and really enjoyed the female ways. Watching this close group of smart, articulate and beautiful women interact with each other was always a treat.

Cassie slid her key into the door and before she could even turn the lock, the door opened. John was there with a big smile on his face and a glass of wine in his hand.

"Hey killer," he said softly, "Tough day?"

"Oh John, you don't know the half of it."

He put the glass down on the teacart by the door and said "Well, not to worry now. Everything is ready for your game. The poker table is set and ready to go. I've got a couple of bottles of wine chilling and some goodies set out on the island for you girls to nibble on."

She sighed and looked up into his beautiful green eyes. "Oh John that's great. How can I ever thank you."

"I'm sure you'll find a way," John said as he helped her slip off her coat.

As John hung up her coat, Cassie took the glass of wine from the teacart where John had set it and walked back through the house to the kitchen.

True to his word, the dinning room table has been transformed into a poker table to rival Vegas and the kitchen island was filled with an assortment of delicious looking treats. 

Before Cassie had a chance to collapse onto the sofa, John was behind her. He reached for her and pulled her body toward his. She allowed herself to lean back into him trusting that he would hold her up. He always did. His right arm reached around her and gently began to caress her left breast. His left hand settled onto the soft roundness of her tummy. His big hand spread and firmly pulled her back tightly against him. Cassie could feel John's breath against her neck and soon his lips began tracing their way gently down the slope of her neck. The loose fitting silk sweater that she had worn to the office, slid down exposing a naked shoulder. John's lips and tongue danced lazily along the softness of her skin and Cassie moaned. She turned her head to the side and soon his mouth was making its way up to hers. Their mouths met. His lips were soft and gentle as he kissed her. His hands continued to explore her body. One hand gently massaging her breast, the other was moving slowly to the warmth that was already radiating between her legs.

As Cassie allowed herself to really begin to relax, she could feel the hot, hardness of John's erection pressing against her bottom. He pushed himself gently into her backside. She knew that he wanted her to feel the painful and obvious expression of his desire for her.

She slowly turned in his arms until she faced him. For just a moment she looked deeply into his green eyes and took in all that this man meant to her. Then she closed her eyes and her mouth found his again. Their kisses were becoming deeper and more insistent. The softness of their lips had yielded to the strong and deep penetration of their tongues. They danced a dance of old, exploring the deepest recesses each of the other's mouths. Her fingers laced in and out of his thick salt and pepper hair. John's hands were cupping her bottom now. With a hand firmly grasping each cheek, he pulled her to him and pushed the rock hard shaft of his penis against her. She could feel the heat through his jeans and her skirt.

How could this man turn her on so effortlessly, so quickly?

Easy, she thought. John was the best lover that Cassie had ever had. And the biggest reason was that John understood that desire begins in the mind. John's constant verbal 

foreplay put Cassie in a perpetual state of desire for him. 

Their mouths continued to connect them until the sound of the doorbell broke the spell. The ladies were beginning to arrive.

"Sit down and relax, Cassie. I'll get the door." John grabbed for his favorite apron and was tying it behind himself as he walked to the door. 

I wonder if he thinks that will hide that monstrous erection, Cassie thought as she sipped her wine. 

A few minutes later, John walked into the kitchen with Diana and Christin. He poured her friends drinks as they each curled up onto the comfy couch and began talking to Cassie. As usual, when the ladies began to arrive, their focus was on each other and John melted into the background.

John kept the wine glasses filled and served the goodies, as the ladies chatted and caught up with each other. They all looked forward to this monthly evening together. John had long since realized that for the ladies, this was much more about getting together to talk than it was about playing poker. Oh they enjoyed the game and some of them were quite good at it. They seemed to be able to multi-task better than his buddies. The ladies sat at the poker table, played their hands well, reading each other and the cards with effortless ease, while all the while keeping up several ongoing conversations about their lives.

Soon Sally, Laura, Marilyn and Betsy joined the group. Julie wasn't able to join them tonight because of a commitment at school with her girls. But that was OK, as Cassie's new friend Teresa was joining the group.

Finally, with all the ladies present and initial exchanges made, John suggested that they move to the table to start the game. He knew that left to their own devices, they would sit on the comfy couch for hours and just talk. But he was here to host a poker game he thought, so, he should get them going.

The ladies all brought fresh drinks to the table and settled in as John began to deal the cards. He gently reminded them of the basic rules that they were playing with and then sat back to deal and enjoy the evening.

The ladies seemed a bit more lively and animated than usual this evening. The wine seemed to be going down more quickly and the laughter was bright and frequent. John had learned a lot about women in general from these First Friday Night Poker Games and even more about this special group of women in particular.

They were a unique group of women. Each brought her own brand of beauty and sexiness to the table. Each woman had a different story and John had delighted in getting to know each of them over the months that this First Friday night ritual had brought them together.

Obviously he knew Cassie the best. They had been together now for over five years. To John she was an amazing woman. Cassie was smart and funny, genuinely warm and caring. She was independent and could stand on her own two feet, but he also knew her to be sensitive and vulnerable. She had opened herself to him like no other woman he had ever known. To Cassie, her life was pretty much an open book to her friends, and especially to John whom she considered her best friend. John was genuinely intrigued by Cassie even still after all this time. And physically, well never had a woman matched his sexual appetites like Cassie did. They were well matched physically and even after five years shared a rich, varied and deeply satisfying sexual relationship.

Diana had been a friend of Cassie for years. John had known of her for a long time because Cassie talked a lot about her. After several relationships with both men and women in her early years, Diana had finally come to realize that she was a bisexual. Telling Cassie had been both the easiest and most difficult of experiences. Diana believed that Cassie would love her regardless of her sexual orientations, but she was also very fearful of losing Cassie presence in her life. When the truth was finally spoken between the two women, Cassie gathered Diana in her arms and cried and smiled and laughed. Cassie had accepted Diana and had continued to love her. Their relationship had weathered that storm and was now stronger than ever. Diana was now involved in a long term relationship with a woman and was very happy. The two couples saw each other socially and all were very comfortable with each other.

John had first met Diana, when she had helped Cassie fulfill a very special fantasy that she and John shared – a ménage a tois. Just this past Valentine's Day, Diana and Cassie had conspired to surprise John with an unforgettable night of shared passion. The sexual adventures that evening with John and Cassie and Diana had been more than a dream come true and had brought John and Cassie even closer together. John had been concerned about how it might affect their monthly poker game, let alone the shared couples time, but it had not.

All the ladies seemed comfortable with what they had shared and if anything it had brought them all closer together. For John, the experience was the memory of a lifetime and the possibility that it may happen again was a continuing source of fantasy and arousal.

John didn't know Christin, Sally, Laura, Marilyn and Betsy as well and of course Teresa was really new to the group. Over the months that the ladies had enjoyed their First Friday ritual, John had come to know more about these women and he genuinely liked them. But then again, John didn't remember many women that he had met that he didn't like.

The game progressed. The ladies drank and talked and everyone seemed to be relaxing into weekend mode. As the evening passed, it seemed like a pretty typical First Friday game night to John. Cassie and her friends were bright and animated. Their laughter filled the room. It seemed that there was no end to the things that the ladies were able to talk about. He often thought that they forgot he was there. He sat silent most of the evening; dealing cards and pouring drinks. He spoke only when necessary to keep the poker game on track. The ladies bubbled on and on about work, their children, their romances.

Like Cassie, most the ladies were unmarried. Diana, Teresa and Cassie were the only ones in long term relationships. The other ladies dated, but none too successfully.

Listening to them talk over the past few months, John had developed a new understanding of the challenges of mid-life dating for women. As a man, it seemed easy to meet single women. Although he and Cassie were deeply committed to each other, that didn't stop John from checking out the field. Not that he would ever make a move to initiate a relationship with another women, but he knew that there were many out there to choose from if he had wanted to.

For the ladies, John had learned, it was different. It didn't appear that the numbers were on their side, for one thing. It sure seemed from the way they talked that, the number of single eligible women far outweighed the number of single eligible men. It also seemed that the guys that were out there looking were really snakes. They seemed interested in young beautiful girls, sometimes young enough to be their daughters and seemed to think that sex was the single criteria in gauging whether to form and/or continue a relationship.

Cassie and her friends had so much to offer. They were bright and articulate, funny and engaging. And as for sex, well it was a constant source of wonder to John that at this age and stage of his life, his sexual relationship with Cassie was the most satisfying that he had ever enjoyed.

He wondered about her friends. Diana, John knew was a passionate and open lover. His experience with her on Valentine's Day was very satisfying. Cassie sometimes spoke about the challenges that her friends were facing with the men in their lives. And often at the poker games, the ladies talked openly too. 

To John it seemed a shame that these bright and sexy women were more friendly with their toys than they were with a real live man. The women spoke openly of the different types of vibrators and dildos that they enjoyed and compared notes on the newest features. These women were highly sexual and John never tired of listening to them discuss the different ways that they had learned ot pleasure themselves.

When the conversation turned to these topics, John knew to keep silent and just listen. The ladies really seemed to forget he was there, so open was their dialogue with each other. John listened intently, focused on learning and maybe even picking up a few new tricks to use to excite Cassie.

Cassie was a strong and passionate lover. She knew what she liked and was easily able to guide him to new and different ways to pleasure her. She loved her body and freely shared it with him. She wasn't embarrassed and their sexual adventures included shared laughter, experiments with different toys and positions and just a general sense of healthy pleasure.

She was ready for sex at most moments and rarely did she say no to his advances. In fact, truth to be told, he more frequently begged off hers. But she was ok with that too. While sex with him was always her preference, she knew how to take care of herself when he wasn't able to for whatever reason.

Cassie loved oral sex and her mouth on his dick was a regular part of their sexual repertoire. She had the most amazing mouth. Cassie had taught John the pleasure of coming inside a woman's mouth. While he had always enjoyed a woman sucking on his dick, no one had ever done it quite like Cassie. He remembered the first time that he had come in her mouth. She was able to take him in so deep and hold him while he shot his load deep in her throat. She was awazing.

As John sat dealing cards, these thoughts running through his mind, he felt his dick grow. He wondered if the ladies would notice the growing bulge in his jeans through the glass of Cassie's dining room table.

Probably not. They were too focused on each other.

As the first game ended, Cassie got up to stretch. She moved easily through the room picking up and refilling glasses. She found her way to John and leaned down to kiss him deeply on the mouth. That certainly didn't help ease the hardness of his pulsating cock.

As the rest of the ladies also got up to move around and use the bathroom, John noticed Cassie going up the stairs. He didn't think too much about it. She was probably just choosing to use her bathroom off the master bedroom and leave the downstairs powder room for her guests.

John continued to straighten up as the ladies moved back to the table. They were discussing the possibility of a second game. Cassie found John standing at the sink rinsing some glasses and moved to stand right behind him. He was trapped between her and the counter. She stood on her tiptoes and began to nibble on his earlobe. She slipped something in the pocket of his jeans and then her hands quickly moved to the crotch of his pants. His erection had finally begun to subside. Not for long, as her hands moved gently but firmly over his dick. He could feel the electricity between them even through the thick fabric of his jeans. She could be a tease. He was so ready for her and now the ladies were discussing a second game. John was sure his ball were turning blue.

She rubbed her breasts against his back, all the while continuing to suck on his earlobe and knead his now growing again, dick. He was ready to explode. He had wanted her all week; been thinking about this evening and how it would end; in each others arms; tired, but happy, content and satisfied.

Teresa, Cassie's new friend, came into the kitchen and laughed. "Hey you two, we want to play another game. Can you tear yourselves away from each other?"

Cassie's laugh was deep in her throat. She turned to her friend Teresa and opened her arms to her. "Come here girl," Cassie said huskily. Cassie smiled as her friend stepped into her embrace. "Just wanted you to know that I love you girlfriend."

John watched them embrace. Cassie's new friend Teresa was what they used to call in the south, " a tall drink of water." She was almost as tall as he was and solidly built, like an athlete. She has dark auburn hair that fell loosely over her shoulders. Her breasts were full and her hips were round and curvy. She has the round muscular bottom of a basketball player. She was a mighty fine addition to Friday Night Poker. 

Cassie and Teresa walked arm in arm back into the dining room as John tried to adjust the budge in his pants so the ladies wouldn't notice when he joined them. That seemed futile, so rather than immediately joining the game, he slipped unnoticed upstairs to use the master bedroom bath. John stood quietly for a few moments allowing his erection to subside. As he stood reliving himself, he remembered that Cassie has slipped something into his pocket. He reached in and pulled out the cordless remote control for the pulsating egg that he had given her recently. "Hmmmm," he thought to himself. "This night is getting more interesting."

John settled himself into the dealer position at the table as the ladies continued to discuss a second game. It seemed like some were in favor and others were growing concerned about the time. John suggested a few hands of blackjack; a game that would allow individuals to leave at their own choosing rather than when the cards dictated. The ladies agreed and John began to deal.

As the cards played out, John looked over the table and smiled at Cassie. Gosh, she was a beautiful woman. Her soft blonde hair was falling over her face as she leaned forward studying her cards. He gazed longingly into the deep cleavage that she was showing. Her breasts were spilling out of the loose silk sweater that she wore. He could almost catch the top of the sweet pinkness around her nipple. His desire for her was about to erupt. He reached into his pocket and slid the roll switch on the remote control. She looked up startled. He could she her processing for a second what had just happened. As she adjusted to the now pulsating egg deep in her pussy, she smiled at John and said,"Hit me again." He did and she hit 21! Her smile deepened and she said huskily, "That felt good. Let's do it again."
