 One night I was out celebrating the sale of my best mate's hotel with a few friends around town. He owned a small guesthouse but the long days were taking its toll and he decided to sell up, and on the day that every-one had signed on the dotted line we went out for a few drinks.

As the pubs were closing some of our friends went off to a club but Maria, my mate's girlfriend, suggested that we go back to Mark's (my mate) hotel and help to finish of his alcohol content from his bar. This seemed like a good idea to Mark and me and my girlfriend, Natalie agreed, after all we did not want to waste the contents of his bar. Natalie and I were staying at the hotel that night anyhow as we were helping him organise the move, and there was no one else there as the hotel was closed.

After a few rounds and the four of us feeling the effects of the booze, Maria got another round and came back with a pack of cards.

We grabbed our drinks and Maria suddenly said, "what about a came of cards?"

"Yea OK, what are you suggesting?" I asked. 

"Strip Poker!!" came the response. 

The three of us yelled "WHAT!!" in unison.

"Go on it'll be fun", Maria chirped. 

Mark said, "isn't that what kids play?" 

Now I must say I was starting to get turned on at the thought of this. I had been going out with Natalie for about six months so I was used to seeing Natalie naked but this was the first time that I had even met Maria.

I suppose I should do the usual description bit here. We are all in our late twenties. Me, I must say I am Mr Average, average height, weight, etc. Not ugly but not a hunk either. Mark is slightly taller than me, a little thinner but I have to say he is probably better looking than me. Natalie is fantastic, she is not the usual description that you read in these stories, she is only small, about 5 foot. Hardly weighs a thing, she has olive skin and black hair and the most gorgeous big brown eyes I have ever seen. I fell for her the first time I saw her. She only has small tits but I love them. Maria is a bit taller probably about 5 foot 4, she has a fuller figure and bigger tits, Maria has brown hair and I have to say I would like to see her loose her clothes.

Maria then started up with the goading, not chicken are you? And comments like scared we will laugh at your small dick. Needless to say bravado got the better of me and I agreed, Mark reluctantly followed suit and that just left Natalie who was looking a bit apprehensive. So Maria started to encourage Natalie by saying that it wouldn't be the girls that loose the their clothes. Eventually she agreed and then it was the difficult task to sort out the rules.

Maria said that we would play 5 card stud, nothing wild, looser has an article removed by the winner. When Mark said that he was not having me strip him we agreed that it would be the leading person of the other sex. Then we had to count the amount of clothes that we were wearing. Both Mark and I had the same, shoes, sock, shirt, trousers and boxers. Natalie had shoes, bra, panties, hold ups and a dress and Maria had shoes, stockings, skirt, blouse, panties and a bra. Natalie was complaining to say that it wouldn't take much to get her to her underwear, which sounded good to Mark. Maria then kicked off her shoes to make it even and said that it was the last bit of clothes that she would be removing.

We told Maria to get to the bar and sort out another round, funny how our drinking had sped up during this conversation. And then off we started. Needless to say I lost the first round, to Natalie and it was off with my shoes. Now I do not know what is the opposite to a foot fetish is, but I have it. I hate feet!!! So I asked if I could take off my own shoes and socks when it came down to it, and we agreed that we would take off our own when the time came. Maria then came up with the bombshell that as she had let me off with the feet, when we remove an article of clothing off some one we have to kiss them on the part of the body that has been revealed. 

"Now hang on and wait a minute", was Natalie's shrieked response.

But Maria kept saying, "Come on it'll be fun". 

I have to say that this was starting to become a good idea but I just said to Mark his girlfriend was a nymphomaniac. 

Well, back to the cards and Natalie lost the next hand and off with her shoes, she was getting very nervous now as if she lost again it would be her dress. Then Mark had a bad run and lost the next three hands, first his shoes went and then his socks and then with shrieks of delight from Maria it was his shirt to her. Both Maria and Mark stood up, Maria sauntered over to Mark and gave him a passionate kiss, and they embraced she slid her hands down his chest and slowly undid the buttons on his shirt. Then she flicked the shirt of him and sensuously slid down his front kissing his chest, then onto his left nipple, and gave it a tease. I looked over to Natalie who was obviously a little surprised how this evening was going. 

After getting Mark a little hot and bothered Maria just said, "that is enough for you now tiger", and went quickly back to her chair. 

Mark just stood there looking a little dazed.

I have to admit I don't think Mark was the only one in a daze, I was taken a little by surprise how the night was going and I lost the next hand. It was off with the socks. Then poor Mark lost again, I was starting to think he was doing this on purpose, because I have played poker with Mark and he is a good player, although the look on his face told me told me this was not planned at all. Natalie had won the hand and she was obviously not sure about taking Mark's trousers off him, let alone where to kiss him. But she went over to him, gave him a sweet peck on the check and dropped to her knees. She undid the belt and then the fly and then gave his trousers a nudge to help them fall. Natalie then surprised me by starting to kiss Mark's ankles and she moved her way slowly up his left leg, pausing at the top. This was obviously starting a reaction in Mark's boxers and Maria cheered Natalie on. Natalie gently stroked the front of his shorts and then started to gently kiss her way down Mark's right leg. She then eased his legs out of his trousers and walked back to her chair, blowing me a kiss on the way.

Finally I won one!! And to Natalie's horror she lost, we both stood up and Natalie took a big gulp of her drink, I went over and gave her a kiss and then slowly slid my hands over the thin straps of her dress, I slid them over her shoulders and let the dress drop. At this moment I was shielding Natalie from the gazes of Mark and Maria but I slowly slid down her laying gentle pecks on her chest and then her tight, flat belly. She looked amazing standing there in a white, lacy strapless bra and matching panties and stockings, against her olive skin the contrasts was fantastic and I could feel a stirring in my pants. As I moved away, Natalie quickly sat down but looking over at Mark there was definitely a tent developing in his boxers.

The next hand Mark won and Maria have finally lost one, Maria cockily said that this was a temporary blip and normal service would be resumed and I vowed that I had to get her naked. She nominated her blouse and Mark walked awkwardly over to her. 

Maria looked down at the developing tent in his boxers and asked, "enjoying this big boy?" 

It was clear that he was even though he was loosing. He kissed Maria quite sensuously then concentrated on the buttons of her blouse. Eventually he pulled it open to reveal a sexy, lacy black bra, which was squeezing her breasts together and struggling to contain the nipples that were trying to break through. Mark kissed Maria on the top of her chest and quickly went to sit down, as his shorts were getting tighter. 

Before we started the next round, I asked Natalie if she was all right and she said she would be when she removed Mark's shorts after this round. Unfortunately it wasn't Mark that lost it was me, to Maria as well. We both stood up and she gave me a deep kiss, I was a little taken aback by this and looked over at Natalie, who was clearly enjoying my discomfort. Then Maria rather roughly unbuttoned my shirt and pulled it off my, I complained and asked her to be careful but she was having fun at my expense. She then changed character again and softly pecked at my chest and spending time teasing my nipples, god I was getting horny.

The roles were reversed for the next hand as Maria lost her skirt to me. I was going to enjoy this, I held her in a kiss, I was a bit more comfortable than the last one, and let my hands roam down her back. I found the button that held her skirt up undid it and pulled the zip down, our lips never broke contact and our tongues were roaming. I let the skirt drop and I dropped onto my knees. I decided I would follow Natalie's example and kiss my way up her leg, even though she was still wearing her stockings. I even planted one on the front of her black, lacy panties, I could smell her scent and I could see no signs of any pubic hair 'was she shaved?' I was getting hard as I thought about it, so I continued to work my way down her other leg. I even planted a peck on her foot, which is amazing for me. 

I as went back to my chair I glanced at Natalie, not knowing what her reaction would be, she just said, "I think you enjoyed that", pointing to the bulge in my trousers.

Mark won the next hand and Natalie lost and it was time for her to loose her stockings, this was getting serious. Keen to outdo me, when Mark walked over she grabbed him and gave him one hell of a kiss, I thought she was going to suck his lungs out never mind his tonsils. She then pushed him down onto her chair and told him to open his legs a bit. Mark did so without even thinking about it. Natalie then lifted her left leg and placed her heel on the chair in between his legs, resting her toes on his flagpole. Mark slid his hands up her leg until her reached the top of her stocking and then gently rolled it down. Mark obviously doesn't have the same problem that I do with feet at he sucked Natalie's toes. She then pulled away her left leg and replaced it with her right one and Mark repeated the process. There was definitely a charged atmosphere in the room. 

Natalie then pulled away her right leg and said very casually to Mark, "can I have my seat back now please?" Poor Mark he looked like the roof to his world has just collapsed.

If it didn't then it did with the next hand, which he lost to Maria to massive cheers from the girls. Maria telling Natalie that she told her that it would be the boys that would loose. Mark claimed that Maria was cheating, and I have to admit I was thinking that as well. But she just said, "come on big boy and lets show Natalie what you've got". 

Maria didn't bother will the initial kiss this time she just told Mark to stand up and she dropped to her knees in front of him. She then stretched his shorts over his prick and pulled his pants down, she then started to give his dick little pecks and then looked over to Natalie and said they would have mine in view soon, with that she took all of Mark's 8 inches in her mouth and started to suck. Maria is obviously skilled at this art if the moans Mark was making was anything to go by. Natalie and I looked at each other not really knowing where else to look, one thing was clear; by the little patch on Natalie's panties she was enjoying this. After a minute or two, which seemed ages, Maria got up and pushed Mark down onto his chair. 

Maria walked back to her chair with a confident swagger and said, "one down, one to go!"

I was going to have to win this game no matter what. Then Natalie asked what happens with Mark now. Maria said that he can continue to play but if he lost he would have to jack himself off in front of the rest of us. 

Mark yelled, "no way!" 

"In that case you can get the next round of drinks and watch us strip Duncan". 

I had to win this and knock that smugness off her, but it wasn't going to start with the next hand as I lost to Natalie, with again cheers from both girls. We both stood up and Natalie gave me one of her lung sucking kisses, she looked me in the eye gave me a wink and moved her way down my body, she didn't waste any time undoing my trousers and down they went, with another cheer from Maria. She started to fondle my rock hard penis trying to remain hidden in my shorts, I yelled "foul" but there was no conviction in my voice. She started to lick and caress the top of my thighs and my cock was doing what I thought was impossible and getting harder and precum was forming a wet patch on my shorts. With that she got up turned around, showing me her cute ass and sat back in her seat saying "time for the last hand then". 

Obviously Maria's bravado was rubbing off on Natalie,

Mark said, "this does not look good mate, you have had it" 

"Don't worry" I responded, "I have then just where I want them", trying and failing to sound confident. This was met with laughter from both girls.

Well the next hand did improve and much to Natalie's annoyance she lost. "Shit!!" she shrieked as the cards were turned over and finally it was the boys turn to cheer. We got up and I kissed her, I reached behind and managed to unclip the strapless bra with one hand, (always a nervous time as no bloke likes to fumble with these contraptions). Natalie might have small tits but she has large dark brown nipples that I know are very sensitive when she is aroused. I teased one gently with my between my tongue and top teeth and Natalie let out a soft moan and I gently toyed the other with my thumb and forefinger. I then left her lovely pair and gently kissed my way down to the top of her white panties. Natalie was clearly aroused and I was loving it.

After a couple of minutes I sat back down and took a swig of my beer, I needed to cool down. I then looked at Mark and said, "see, no problem". 

And things were definitely getting better as I won the next hand too, and Maria finally lost her stockings. Maria obviously liked the way the Natalie went about loosing her stockings as she walked over and pushed me back down on my chair. She gently put her foot on my groin and I opened my legs and sat back in the chair, I then kissed her on the inside of her thighs, only just touching her, I then ran the back of my hand up her leg, very gently up to her black panties, I then moved both hands either side of her thigh downwards and rolled her stocking down, my eager mouth following leaving little kissing all the way down her leg. Once the stocking was removed Maria swapped legs and it was time to work the process again, this time I rubbed her pussy lips through her panties a little more harder, this seemed to get an approval from Maria as she made a short intake of breath. 

As I removed the second stocking Maria said, "I let you off with that but you are not getting another chance at my pussy."

I looked over at Mark again and noticed that he was gently stroking his cock without a care in the world. Natalie also looked over at him and just said, "having fun Mark". 

Mark went red with embarrassment at being caught, but Natalie continued to tease and said, "would it help if I play with my titties".

I was gobsmacked at this as Natalie is very shy about the size of her tits as she is always saying that they are too small, which is absolute nonsense, she would look ridiculous with anything bigger, and I keep telling her she is perfect in every way. I was not sure how Mark felt at being teased like this but I was loosing my mind. There was definitely no blood in my head anymore; it had all gone down south! I looked at the bulge in my boxers, now I am not a huge guy, as I said earlier I am Mr. Average and I have an average size dick, about 7 inches, but at this moment it looked huge!

To be honest, I wasn't really bothered about playing cards now, I just wanted Natalie, I needed relief, but Maria chirped up and said, "right come on next game, lets get them shorts off you!" 

This got me looking around trying to get the daze out of my eyes, I wasn't sure if it was the surroundings or the drink that was making me hazy, but I knew I had to concentrate. To be honest I wasn't playing this like poker, I wasn't trying to win just making sure I didn't loose the round, obviously this plan wasn't entirely successful.

Maria dealt the next hand and I saw three Queens, which I thought was fine, as you can tell there was more luck than judgement going on here. Unfortunately for Natalie she lost and gave a tortured shriek of "shit, shit, shit!" and a big cheer from Mark. 

So we both stood up and I gave Natalie as deep as kiss as I could, she was obviously very nervous about this, but as I dropped to my knees giving her little pecks in the flat of her stomach, just above her panties, then I slid my hands either side of her small waist and peeled her lacy, white panties down, the scent of her arousal was unmistakable and her panties were a little moist.

I then gently pushed her back down onto her chair and started kissing her toes, (I think I was developing a foot fetish!) then I ever so slowly worked my way up the inside of her leg and stopped high up the inside of her thigh, I then switched thighs deliberately missing her sweet snatch. I knew that Natalie's thighs are sensitive and I was enjoying teasing her. I then let my tongue ever so slightly run up the length of her pussy barely touching her. Her lips were open and she was clearly excited. I kept hearing her breath in but never once exhaling. I then stuck my tongue deeper in and roamed around her sweet folds until lightly flicking her clit. The reaction was instant and Natalie was moaning something incoherent and started to shudder. 

I have to say I lost myself and I totally forgot about the fact that we had an audience until I heard a gentle cough and Maria saying, "I think you might have done that before". 

I let my tongue carry on its work for a few more moments as I lapped up her juices, before I got up and went back to my seat. Was it me or had the temperature in the room all of a sudden shot up, every-one was looking a little flushed.

As I sat back down, I looked over to Natalie and she was looking a bit of a spent force, but had a wonderful glow about her. She just sat there slouched back with her legs slightly apart without a care that the rest of us had a clear view of all her beauty. Maria said that we should give her the same chance as Mark to remain in the game, but she was not interested. So Maria said, "it's just me and you stud!"

My luck was still holding as I won again. Finally I was going to get my hands on those melons, we both stood up, which seemed to be an unwritten rule and so was the obligatory kiss, although I was still unsure how Natalie thought about this, and there was no way that I wanted to ruin that relationship. So I unclipped the lacy black bra as we kissed and, but as her arms were around me, the bra basically remained there between the two of us. I broke the kiss and took a step backwards and the bra fall away. 

Maria's tits were fantastic, bigger than I thought, now I am not good at knowing bra sizes but I would say they were a 34C and a nipples were very much standing to attention, they were begging to be sucked. So who am I to refuse, although I still was quite uneasy with Natalie watching. I don't think I spent the amount of time and care with Maria's beautiful pair because as I went back to my seat, Maria said, "that was a bit of a letdown". 

Maria dealt the next hand and said "right lets get this over with, I have shown you too much already." 

Her personality changed on a whim and I really thought I had offended her until I saw an evil glint in her eye as she gave Mark a wink. Natalie was looking a bit more compus mentus and was obviously looking forward to see who the winner would be.
