 I think I hear voices as I put my key in the door. As I enter MY house, I'm certain they get louder. I turn the corner into the livingroom only to encounter the very pleasant sight of you and three friends on the floor arranged around the coffee table in the center of the room. Your wave is a little bigger and little more emphatic than usual. Your "hi, babe!" is a little louder and more boisterous than I would expect. I believe I might be dealing with Drunk-Kay. I scan the room and quickly inventory several empty wine bottles...a nearly empty vodka bottle (you, I'm assuming?) and three wine glasses sitting on the table. Yes, the signs are there...this very well could be a Drunk-Kay sighting! And, not only that, it appears Drunk-Kay may be hosting poker night. Around and between the wine glasses are several playing cards. The table appears to be covered with a hand of Texas Hold 'em...but it's sloppy...as if dealt by a chimp.

You loudly and laughingly proclaim, "Here he is ladies!! Big Don!" I feel oddly like I'm walking onto a stage...or a runway. The three lovely young things sitting with you around the table giggle sheepishly and wave. I get the feeling I may have been the topic of conversation...or the butt of a joke...right before I walked in.

"Babe!" You jump up and run over to my side, grabbing my arm. "Babebabebabebabe...babe! Come here!" You drag me a couple of steps towards the table. The girls stay on the floor and I feel enormously tall, towering over them. You indicate a fresh-faced blond with big tits and a wide smile who is seated to my right. "This is Tiffy...she teaches a yoga class down at the club. I think I've mentioned her before. And this," your hand sweeps to the very lithe brunette in her mid-30s sitting directly across the table, "is Jessica...she's in Tiff's class. Isn't she a hot thing?" You laugh so hard you have to cover your mouth. The other girls are obviously also in on the joke. They start to hoot and laugh along with you. You then point to the girl on my left, she is an exquisitely toned and exotic looking lady with sandy brown hair. She has full and sexy curves like yours...which means I like her immediately. "This is Brenda...we stopped by the bar after yoga class and she was in there waiting on some loser guy. We told her any guy who would stand her up should just fuck off...and then we kidnapped her!! Shhhh! We're fugitives from the 'fuck you' police!!" The entire room erupts in laughter. I decide I am way too far behind to catch up with the group and it's probably too late to even try.

Over the peals of laughter I say, "So you decided to come by here and play some cards?"

You get instantly conspiratorial, "Yeah, we did...we're playing poker. But don't tell!! Shhhh...the FUP might be listening! Shhhh..." A hush falls over the room as we all look around for the dreaded FUP. After about 10 seconds of scanning, the laughter erupts again. 

I slip my arm around your waist, give you a kiss and say, "hey, you guys have fun...I'm going to grab a shower then maybe catch the end of the ballgame in the bedroom." You kiss me back...hard...then swat my ass as I walk away. "You do that, sexy!" The laughter redoubles if that's possible.

I take a long, hot shower to relax. I think about checking something on my phone as I'm drying off. I'm naked and toweling my hair dry as I walk into the bedroom. When I take the towel off my head, I'm shocked to see you and the 30-something brunette with the very toned body standing just inside the door. As I drop the towel to my waist to cover myself, my mouth flies open but no words come out. You put a hand up to stop me from protesting. "Babe...hold on a sec...you remember Jessica, right? She's the one in Tiff's yoga class." I'm too stunned to move. Jessica keeps her eyes averted, but they seem to be wandering to my towel. I'm suddenly very aware of how naked I am, and this situation is starting to make my cock stiffen.

I stammer, "yeah, I guess...so?"

You continue, "wellll...you know how we were playing cards? I didn't really have any money...so I kind of...well..."

"What did you do?"

The words come in a rush, "welll...I was telling them how hard you make me cum with your tongue and Jess kind of said 'now that's something valuable...throw THAT in the pot'. We just laughed about it...but then I lost...a LOT...and I...well...I talked them into letting me put you...your tongue, anyway...in the pot."

Jessica looks up at me and bites her lower lip. She is a damn sexy woman. I feel a jolt of energy pass through me as my cock gets even harder. If I were to let go of the towel, it wouldn't be going anywhere...I'm quite sure my hardon would support it.

As hot as this situation has become, and as much as I want to help you with your 'bet', I don't want this to be something Sober-Kay might regret. "Really? Now come on...you're SURE about this?"

You are VERY emphatic. "Oh, YESSS...I'm not as drunk as you think I am. I'm just horny as HELL...would you look at her body?! And she is just so prim and proper and little Miss Perfect...but you can tell there is this seething, sexy slut underneath that prim exterior. I want you to find her inner slut bunny with that talented tongue of yours. I want to watch! I want to see her go CRAZY. Oh, and you're going to love this...she's an oral virgin...her sweet little pussy has never been licked!"

My cock is so fucking big and hard at this point I'm starting to wonder if we can all fit in the same room with it. Soon this towel is not going to cover it. I'm shocked at your news and I look from you to the gorgeous, but obviously embarrassed, Jessica. "What? NEVER?"

Jessica shuffles her feet and rocks her hips just a bit. I can tell the discussion is starting to turn her on and that is making me crazy. She licks her lips before she answers and I can't take my eyes off of her mouth, "ummm...no...never. My husband was my high school sweetheart and he...well, he never did...that. Never. We were married for thirteen years. I've been divorced for ten months now and a lot of my friends have told me what I've been missing...but I've still never gotten around to it or whatever. So, you know...when Kay said...I thought...but, uh...wow, I did NOT know she was serious!" Jessica looks to you, "are you sure you're serious?"

You grab her t-shirt at her waist and start to peel it up over her head. "Oh, HELL yes, I'm serious! I may just have to spank your tight little ass while you ride his tongue and I KNOW I can't wait until you are begging for more!" Jessica isn't wearing a bra. As you pull her shirt over her head I can see her pert, sexy tits are capped by some tiny aureolae and very hard nipples. You brush a hand over her hard nipples and look back to me, "oh, god, babe...are you seeing this? Drop that towel and show her how much you like her hot little titties."

I am so fucking horny I don't care anymore. I whip the towel off and throw it across a chair sitting in the corner of the room. My cock springs free, hard and throbbing. Jessica gasps just a bit when she sees my cock, but then she licks her lips and gives me a shy, sexy smile. You are kneeling in front of her, peeling her spandex workout shorts down over her lean, toned thighs. You look over your shoulder at me, "lay on the bed, babe...you know...with your head hanging off the way I like..."

I know exactly what you are wanting. Last fall, after a long day, you came home grumpy and tired. When you emerged from a long, relaxing shower I was laying across the bed with my head hanging off the side. My cock was sticking straight up in the air and I was looking at you upside down. I saw you smile as you crossed the room. You looked down at me and said, "what the hell are you up to?" I told you to turn around and have a nice, relaxing seat on my face and I would make you forget all about the day you'd had. My head was at the perfect angle and, in that position, you still had both feet on the floor so you were able to grind on my tongue for maximum stimulation. You rode my face like that for more than half an hour. You came over and over...you came so hard at the end that first time I had to help you lie down on the bed. Since that night you've taken a rejuvenating tongue ride at least a couple of times a month. Obviously, you enjoyed it so much you decided to tell your friends! 

When I'm in position I look back towards you with my head hanging over the edge of the bed. You are both now upside down and, somehow, you are both now naked. This night just keeps getting better and better! You lead Jessica over towards me and turn her around.

"That's it...spread your legs a little more...now bend slightly at the waist. Good...good...now back up and lower that wet little pussy of yours down onto his face!"

I stick out my tongue to give Jessica a target. I enjoy the view as her taut, toned little ass passes over my face getting in position. She has no trouble landing on my tongue and I immediately begin to probe the delicate folds of her delicious pussy. My hands instinctively reach up and grab her hips.

You seem to approve. "Oh, yeah...oh, that is it! Grind on his face." I hear Jessica start to moan and I can feel her thighs clenching on either side of my head. "Grab his hair...guide his head around. Don't just go for tongue...use his chin...his nose...explore his whole face with your wet cunt and do whatever you need to do to make yourself cum." I hear Jessica say something to you through her moans but I can't quite make it out. You respond, "oh, MY...you ARE a dirty little slut bunny, aren't you? No, I wasn't kidding...I'd love to spank your ass...let me get around there."

I feel you climb onto the bed as Jessica continues to grind her delicious pussy all over my face. I concentrate on her clit with my tongue and I think she's getting close. That's when I feel you throw your leg over my midsection and you lower your tight little twat down over my throbbing cock. I must have paused for a second to enjoy the sensation because I feel Jessica's grip tighten in my hair. As you start to slide your wet pussy up and down my hard shaft, I resume the attention to her clit. 

That's when I hear a sharp "smack" and Jessica jumps. She immediately moans and I hear you from behind her, "oh, wow...you are such a naughty fucking girl...is that tongue you're sitting on going to make you cum?" Smack! You are riding my cock faster. Spanking Jessica's tight little ass is really turning you on. I hear another sharp shot to Jessica's taut tushy. "I can't believe a dirty, naughty slut like you has never been eaten out before." SMACK! Jessica's moans are getting louder and I can feel her whole body quivering and contracting. You grab a handful of Jessica's hair and yank her head back so your mouth is right next to her ear.

"Is his hot tongue going to make you cum? His cock is so fucking hard right now he's deeper in my cunt than I've ever felt him and it's all because he's licking your sweet twat you dirty little fuck slut!" You are bouncing up and down on my cock, one hand pulling Jessica's hair. With the other, you start to spank her hot ass. "You'd better not let him down you dirty little slut! The only reason he's eating your wet pussy right now is because he wants to make you cum...he wants to feel your body quiver as your orgasm rips through you...he wants to feel your pussy juices running down his cheeks...are you gonna cum you dirty sexy little fuckslut? Come on, you filthy tramp...do it!" You are paddling her non-stop and her moans have turned into screams. I pull her down onto my face harder with my hands and lick even deeper. Her pussy is contracting and her juices are starting to flow. Suddenly her whole body clenches and she arches her back. You join along with her, the two of you screaming and moaning. I can feel your tight little cunt squeezing my hard cock. Jessica thrashes around for several seconds then she lets go of my hair and jumps forward and away from me. I arch my neck to see where she landed. She is standing with her hands on her knees gasping for air. Her whole body is still shaking and she's moaning as she tries to catch her breath. 

I feel you plant both of your fists in my chest and I look up at you. "Hey, mister...over here...", you playfully slap my face. "Yeah, that's it...remember me...the hot cunt who's still riding your cock? Yeah, that's better!" I smile and reach out to grab your ass. I start to lift my hips up off of the bed so that I can piston into you even harder. You start to cum and the sensation on my cock is incredible. I grab you around the waist and say, "oh, yessss...babe...oh, fuck...I am going to shoot you so full of my hot cream...I'm going to fill you up with my hot jizz!"

That's when you lift yourself up off of my cock. You jump out of bed and laugh at the consternation on my face. "Awww...poor baby! Maybe you'll get to cum later...but I don't think that's going to happen right now!" I can feel my cock twitching and you are looking at it. "Ah, ah, ahhh...no cumming! Your cock has to stay hard for awhile." I'm really not listening, and I don't see any way I'm going to avoid cumming. For one second I consider holding you down and jacking myself off all over your tits. That's when I notice you are looking to the corner of the room. I lay my head back off over the edge of the bed again to see Tiffy, the big titted yoga instructor and Brenda, the girl you guys picked up in the bar, standing just inside the door to the bedroom. They are both completely naked. Tiffy does a tiny little wave and says, "is it our turn, yet?"

My head snaps back to you. I don't have to say a word, you can see the questions in my eyes.

You say, "oh, hey...babe...by the way, I forgot to tell you...I really could not catch a break tonight. My three queens got taken down by a full house which means Tiffy ALSO won a ride on your talented tongue. And Brenda, well...she gets to ride your cock the way I was just now. Oooh, and a major bonus...we found out Brenda has always wanted to do a little bi experimentation. So I'm going to stand in front of her while she's taking your fat cock up her cunt. She's going to eat me out while you fuck her with that steel rod of yours. Sound good?"

You motion the girls over to the bed and start to get them in position. You clap your hands and say, "remember ladies...when my boy here starts to spray...and, oh my, will he!!...I get the money shot. I ALWAYS get the money shot!"

My gambler's sensibilities are causing me to try to compute the relative values of what we are about to do. I just can't come up with the equation. I say, "so does this mean you won...or you lost?"

You look down at me with a smile, "baby...if we do this right...we ALL win!"