 Friday poker had been an institution amongst a group of 6 friends who had been through every year and class of school together and who met every Friday to keep the bond and to make sure they had their time together, something that they all needed as it had been like that for over 10 years. 

Starting with sleepovers and then movie nights it evolved into poker nights once they left school. They had their own rulebook carefully maintained and kept within the group of 6. $25.00 maximum to play with and extra credit could only being achieved by mutually agreed acts - ranging from singing a silly song to helping out one of the other 5 with a task of some kind. 

The system worked and they chose always to be with each other each Friday rather than head out and do anything else. Over the 6 years since leaving school they had all missed a night through sickness or a big event but never just because. Girlfriends initially hated the whole idea but, if they stayed around long enough, learnt that it was better to know where your partner was and whom he was with. 

I married my school sweet heart 3 years out of school, and he happened to be the host of each game, I also knew all the boys at each Friday night ritual and had never ever moved to challenge it. A girls night out, intentionally rostered shifts or time with my family Fridays became an opportunity for me to tick other necessities and support the poker night tradition. 

Three years had gone by since our wedding when I had changed from shift work nursing and moved to a Monday to Friday working pattern which found me at home each Friday evening. I did try hard to occupy myself during those nights but a night eventually came when I was in the house when the boys arrived. 

They had all known me for the same time as my husband and a bond was already there. Everyone knew each others little 'things' and all the boys were like brothers. I was very comfortable with the boys and offered to serve drinks and foods if I was allowed to witness the event. The week was long as they teased me and made silly rules about when I could be in the room and when not. It was fun and I ended up being allowed to waitress for the players. 

The rules were modified and voted on with all votes saying yes. Friday night came around and I did exactly as I promised and within the rules. Hubby loved it and so did the boys, it did not impact on the game at all nor any uncouth banter that they exchanged during the game. I played up to everyone in my specifically chosen tight jeans, high heels and unbuttoned the top of my shirt so everyone could get a good look at my bra. Every time I bent over the boys got an eyeful of my lingerie and everyone giggled and laughed. 

The boys, and hubby for that matter, were used to my exhibitionist nature and I loved every second of it and I mean really loved it, so much so I was surprised about the effect it was having on me. That first Friday ended in a card spitting to see if I could continue in the waitress role. They had joked about it being a burden for me but that I had to continue if I lost a card cutting contest each week, if I won I could return to manage my own activities each Friday in any way I saw fit. The pack was cut by one of the boys who showed the card and then I cut and looked, throwing the cards onto the table saying I had lost. To be honest I didn't even look at the card on top of the group I picked up I intended to lose and wanted so much to make Friday nights as much fun for me as the boys. 

For the next 10 weeks I was the perfect waitress and I loved every minute of it, my sex frequency increased with hubby and I kept acknowledging to him how much the poker nights were turning me on, I knew he was now linking his sexual fun to me being at poker night and like any male he wasn't going to give that up too soon. One evening during the week I told him that I wanted a uniform too, all the boys had a poker club polo shirt they wore and I explained that to really acknowledge that I was now part of the team I needed a uniform too. Alan (hubby) asked her if I wanted a polo shirt to which replied, 

"Hell no, how could I get all the looks at my breasts if I wore one of them. I want something sexy and risqué. Something that will turn me into your sexy waitress but something you are OK with." 

I knew what I wanted and it was to be exposed to the full 6 of them as much as I could so to make sure Alan was on side I started to open his fly and play with his cock, saying, "You are OK with me being the sexy waitress aren't you baby?" 

"Not fair," he said, "you know I'll agree to anything so not fair." 

"I want it Darling, I want to be make sure they can ogle me every week, you won't mind that, you're proud of me aren't you," I said in my sexy get him to do anything voice. 

"Yes, yes god yes," he replied as he began to ejaculate and I swallowed his cum. 

I was happy, as I had got exactly what I wanted with one blowjob, so typical. I outlined my plan around the rules saying the polo must be worn and how "The Waitress" needed a uniform. I then outlined how card cutting would be used to decide how sexy it would be. I confessed to Alan that I had lost all the time on purpose, even when I had the higher card, and would do the same this Friday when the cards decided how exposed I would be for the 6 boys every week. 

Friday's game went as usual, loads of fun and banter and Alan sat there getting drunker, I knew he understood that I had changed the whole Friday night for the better and I did deserve my fun too. The boys were all drunk and, just before they were about to finish up, Alan told everyone to wait and asked me to leave for just a minute (he knew I would quality assure his actions by listening in anyway but it added to the fun) Alan then told everyone that the rules specified a uniform and that I wasn't in one. I could tell that all 5 dirty minds didn't want to stop the constant flashes that I gave them and Alan told me later that they did look a little down till he added that it shouldn't be a polo and that a waitress should be dressed as a waitress. 

Discussion ensued stopped every now and again to check if Alan was OK to which he responded each time, 

"This is poker night, the collective decides not my insecurities," and god was he good at this. 

The discussion ended in agreement that several card-cutting decisions would dictate: 

