 "I think the turn-off is just up ahead hon," Alicia said to her husband David.

"Yep, I know."

Alicia and David had been invited for a weekend getaway at their friends' cabin. Emily and Jeff had been trying to get them up for a couple of years, but timing never seemed to work for both of them to have a clear weekend. This time Alicia and David made sure it was set in stone, and had been really looking forward to it. David was especially anticipating some interesting turns to the weekend he hoped Alicia would like as well. They had been together for awhile, but only married for a little over a year, and were still learning about each other. This would be a weekend of revelations, he was sure.

Jeff and Emily, on the other hand, had been married for five years, and lived together for a couple of years before that, so were very comfortable with their relationship. They had always been open with each other as far as their needs and desires, and were both looking forward to helping Alicia and David open a whole new chapter in their own intimacy.

David and Jeff had been roommates in college, lived together for a few years after college, and had continued to have a close friendship. Since they had been in relationships, the women had become friends too. Over the last couple of years they had spent plenty of time at each others' houses for dinners and barbeques. David and Jeff had been up to the cabin together several times for guy weekends, but this would be a first weekend together for all of them.

David pulled off the main road to a groomed dirt lane. They continued on for about 10 more minutes, and pulled up in front of the cabin. It was a beautiful location, right on a lake, and very secluded. As Alicia and David stepped out of the car, they paused, just looking around them. The air was so fresh and clean, and the only sounds came from the birds in the trees.

The front cabin door opened, and Emily and Jeff came out to greet their friends. 

"I can't believe we finally got you both up here," Jeff said.

"I know, I know," said David, hugging his friend. "But here we are!"

Emily and Alicia also hugged in greeting. "C'mon," Emily said. "Let me show you the lake while our big strong men unpack the car."

"Sounds good to me," said Alicia. The women headed around to the back of the cabin, and walked out on the dock. "Wow, this really is so incredible," said Alicia, looking around at the lake, so peaceful, sun shining on the lake's surface. Alicia was average height, with a curvy figure and c-cup breasts that her husband seemed to be happy with. A little more than a handful he always said lovingly. She had medium length golden-brown hair and dark brown eyes.

"Thanks, we love it," said Emily, smiling. Emily was a bit taller than Alicia, thin, with small perky breasts, short blond wavy hair and elf-like green eyes. "It's so nice to be able to come up here and get away from everything." She looked sideways over at Alicia. "It's kind of like we can come up here and lead a whole different life." 

Alicia thought that was sort of a strange thing to say, but let it pass. The women chatted about life and work, enjoying the scenery, until the men walked out the back door of the cabin to join them.

"Everything is inside and unpacked," Jeff said moving to stand beside his wife. "Any other orders my love," he said with a smile. Jeff and Emily made a nice looking couple. Jeff was also tall, with the athletic build of a swimmer, which he had been all his life. He kept his sandy-blond hair short, and had expressive brown eyes.

"You could start the coals. I'm sure these two are starving after the long drive up."

Alicia patted her hubby's flat stomach, "this guy could probably eat a horse."

"Okay, okay," David laughed pulling his wife closer, "I can put away a little bit of food." David wasn't a tall man, just a couple of inches taller than his wife, but he worked construction, and it showed in his strong arms and well-built chest. He had a thick mane of dark black hair and piercing blue eyes, which had been the first thing Alicia had noticed about him when they met at a party years before.

"Let's get those steaks on then," said Jeff, heading to the deck.

------

A couple of hours later, the two couples were sitting around the table, empty plates in front of them, full and satisfied.

"You grill up a mean steak Jeff," said Alicia. "Everything was delicious."

"Well, we have some clean-up to do," said Emily, "but it can wait until morning. Let's take our drinks to the living room." No one argued, and they headed into the other room. Emily and Jeff sat together on the loveseat, while Alicia sat in the rocking chair with her husband sitting on the floor between her legs, leaning back against the chair.

They just relaxed, drinking and talking about nothing all that important, music playing in the background. They had all had a few beers and were feeling a little buzzed, but good.

"Another drink anyone?" Jeff asked, getting up.

"I'll take another," said David, and one more for my wife."

Alicia almost said no, she was already feeling pretty light-headed, but she figured, what the hell? They weren't driving anywhere, and they were on vacation.

"After all," David added, "my wife gets horny when she drinks, so I know I'll get lucky tonight."

Alicia swatted him on the back of the head. "TMI hon!" But he was right, she was already feeling turned on from the weight of him between her legs, and the warmth emanating from her belly from the alcohol. She looked over to see Emily looking strangely at the two of them. For some reason, the look in Emily's eyes excited her.

"Hey, it's our little weekend getaway, so let's have some fun," said Emily. "After all, what happens in the cabin stays in the cabin."

"What did you have in mind honey," said Jeff, walking back in the room with a few bottles of beer in hand. He handed a bottle to Alicia and to David, and sat back down with his wife.

"How about truth or dare?"

"Really," said David. "That's a kid game."

"Not always," said Emily with a smile. "It will be fun, and if we do anything embarrassing, we can just blame it on the booze."

"Okay," said Jeff. "You had the idea, you go first. Truth or dare?"

"Hmmm, I'll take truth," she said confidently.

"Okay, truth. Have you ever kissed a woman?" Jeff was smiling, like he already knew the answer.

"Easy," said Emily. "Of course I have."

Alicia looked over at Emily, surprised by her answer, and she unconsciously wiggled in her chair. She was feeling weird, and it wasn't just the alcohol.

"What," Emily said looking back at her. "No big deal. You haven't?"

Before Alicia could answer, Jeff interrupted. "Hold on, it's not her turn."

"Alright then," Emily said. "Your turn honey. Truth or dare?"

"Dare of course," Jeff answered.

"I dare you to kiss Alicia, if," she said looking at David, "if her husband doesn't mind."

Alicia looked down at the top of her husband's head, expecting him to object, but instead he said, "not at all. Rules of the game after all."

Jeff handed his bottle of beer to his wife, stood up and walked over to the chair Alicia was sitting in, and leaned in toward her. He whispered in her ear first, "relax, it's just a kiss." Alicia looked up at him, confused, but not able to say no as his lips moved to hers. And as their lips touched, she felt heat start to spread through her. He didn't pull away after the first touch, but kissed her more deeply, and when she felt his tongue press against her lips, she automatically opened her mouth, and their tongues briefly met, sending a shudder through her.

He pulled away and stood up, moving back to the couch. He sat down, trying not to the let the hard-on that had started show. Emily whispered in her husband's ear, "that was so hot babe, and I can see it affected you." Jeff just smiled, taking his bottle back, and said, "It's your turn Alicia."

"Huh?" Alicia said, feeling the room spinning a little.

"It's your turn. Truth or dare?"

"Oh," she hesitated. "Truth?"

"Have you ever wondered what it would feel like to kiss another woman?"

The question hung out there unanswered for a minute, and then Alicia said, "I guess."

"This is truth, not I guess," said Emily.

"Okay, then yes," Alicia sighed.

"Good," said Emily. "David, truth or dare?"

David looked up at his wife, then back at Emily. It was time to get things moving. "Truth," he said firmly, knowing what question was going to be asked.

"David, have you ever kissed a man? I mean kissed, with tongue, not just a hello kiss or kiss on the cheek."

Alicia had the biggest shock of the evening so far, when he husband answered yes. "What are you talking about? You don't mean that, you would have told me..." She stopped when she noticed how Jeff was looking at her husband, and then it hit her. "You mean you and Jeff? You were just roommates."

"Yeah hon," David said. "We were roommates, and a little more," he said turning to look up at her. "We're not gay, and we haven't fucked each other or anything. We just played with each other's cocks and gave each other blow jobs. It was just a couple of young guys messing around when we were bored and horny. We haven't done anything like that since you and I have been together. I promise."

"Why haven't you ever said anything before, and why do I get the feeling the three of you know something I don't?" Alicia was upset finding out something like this about her husband in front of other people, and although she wouldn't admit it, it turned her on a little too. A picture of Jeff on his knees sucking on her husband's cock went through her head in a flash. She shook her head to clear her mind.

"Honey," said David. "It's just that Jeff and Emily have a more open relationship, they kind of experiment more, sexually, so Jeff told Emily about us." He got up to sit on his knees in front of his wife. "Please don't be mad, I've wanted to share everything with you, and I was hoping this weekend would be a way to start talking about us trying some new things. It's supposed to be fun though, harmless, so we'll leave it up to you. We can stop right now and forgot this ever happened, and you and I can talk about it later in private, or...."

"Or," Alicia prompted.

"Or we can continue with the game."

Alicia understood exactly what her husband was asking her, and knew continuing the "game" would lead to a change in all their relationships. Emily and Jeff were looking at her expectantly. After Jeff's deep kiss, she was already feeling excited, and the alcohol in her stomach gave her the extra push of courage. It's not like she hadn't ever thought about them being with another couple, she just was just a little too shy to even bring it up. But here they were, and it was out in the open, just waiting for her.

"Let's keep playing then."

No one spoke at first. Now all four of them were well aware of what they were getting into, and the excitement in the air was evident. This game had turned a corner, into something altogether different.

Jeff broke the silence. "I guess we are back to my lovely wife then. Emily, truth or dare?"

"Dare," she said quietly, looking into Alicia's eyes.

"I think it's my turn to put out the challenge," said David. "I dare you to take my wife into the bedroom for five minutes, and do whatever you want to her." He was upping the game quickly, needing to know if his wife was really in and willing.

Emily stood up and walked to Alicia, putting her hand out to her. Alicia hesitated, knowing she was about to cross a line she couldn't go back from, but curiosity won out, and she took her hand, after setting her bottle on the floor next to the chair. David scooted out up so Alicia could stand, and he watched his wife be led away into the bedroom. David and Jeff looked at each other across the room, desire in their eyes, just thinking about what their wives were going to be doing.

They walked into the bedroom, and Emily closed the door behind them. She left the light off, but the moonlight streaming in the window lit the room in a soft glow. Emily didn't waste any time, and gently pushed Alicia against the door, pressing their bodies together. She kissed her softly at first, and feeling Alicia's mouth slightly open, pushed in closer, tongue slipping inside.

Alicia felt Emily's tongue, and opened her mouth wider, letting herself enjoy the sudden rush of pleasure. Emily felt Alicia's body relax against hers, and pulled back enough to grab the front of Alicia's shirt and pull it open. Her mouth left Alicia's momentarily so she could pull her own shirt over her head, and then leaned back in.

As they continued to kiss deeply, Emily pulled Alicia's bra straps down over her shoulders, and started caressing her breasts, feeling her nipples hardening, and her own nipples pushed against the fabric of her bra. Alicia was lost in the ecstasy taking her over, inhibitions disappearing, and she put her arms around Emily, pulling her closer, needing to feel their bodies crush together. Emily pulled her lips from Alicia's mouth, and moved to her neck, kissing down the soft skin, down to her chest until she reached one of the hard points, taking it in her mouth.

Unconsciously the women were grinding each other's hips together, as they both needed the building pressure. Emily released Alicia's nipple, grabbed her hand, and led her to the bed. She pushed her to sit, and reached back to unhook her bra, slipping it off, and unzipping her jeans to pull them off along with her underwear. Alicia heard the zip of Emily's jeans, and finished taking her own bra off, scooting her butt off the bed to pull her shorts and panties off. She waited on the bed, holding her breath. This didn't feel real, it was like an erotic dream, but she didn't want it to stop.

Emily straddled Alicia on the bed, and started kissing her again, breasts rubbing together, naked body pressing against naked body. The women were so engrossed that they didn't hear the door open, light flooding the room.

Their husbands stood in the doorway, watching their naked wives passionately kissing for a couple of minutes, cocks hardening at the sight.

"Wow," said David, "that was a busy five minutes."

"Yeah," Jeff replied. "But I am feeling a little left out, let's join the party."

The men quickly undressed, and moved into the room. They stood on either side of the bed, stroking their cocks, content to watch for a few minutes. This was a sight both had hoped for, but hadn't expected.

Emily pushed Alicia onto her back, and moved to the floor on her knees, in between Alicia's legs, pulling Alicia's butt toward the edge of the bed. She had noticed the men pleasuring themselves, but was focused on the woman in front of her. This was going to be Alicia's first experience with a woman, and it had to be amazing! She reached forward to softly massage her glistening pussy, and with one hand, pulled the outer lips apart. She leaned in and licked the inside of Alicia's pussy lips from the bottom up, before starting to suck on her clit.

Alicia moaned, thrusting her hips up, needing more. The men had watched long enough and needed some attention of their own. They each kneeled on the bed, on either side of her head, and looking at each other, each grabbed one of Alicia's hands to bring it to their cocks. Each was helping her stroke him at the same time. Soon they pulled their own hands away, and Alicia kept fondling their cocks, as she became lost in the sensation of her nearing climax, pelvis thrusting up faster and faster against Emily's face. Emily reached down with one hand to start stroking her own pussy, craving release. Her hand moved quickly over her slick cunt and swollen clit.

David and Jeff felt Alicia jerking them harder and faster as she moaned more loudly. They each felt their climax roll over them at the same time, and cum shot out of both of their cocks onto Alicia, covering her breasts, neck, and face. She continued stroking them as she felt her own orgasm hit, and her hips jerked up and froze as she came, wave after wave washing over her body, Emily's face buried in her juicy pussy. Hearing Alicia's ecstatic moan rising to a scream, Emily focused on her own clit, stroking herself to a quick and satisfying orgasm.

The men stepped off the bed, moving to the open floor, and collapsed together. Emily stood up and crawled up on the bed, pulling Alicia against her. They were all asleep almost immediately. Just before drifting off, David looked over to the bed, seeing his naked wife cuddled up with Emily. Emily's face was coated in his wife's juices, and Alicia was covered in the cum of two men. He smiled. He wasn't sure how she would feel about what happened in the morning, totally sober, but he hoped she would want to continue with this new relationship with their friends. That a new desire had started within her that she would want to pursue. Tomorrow....