 When Jim finally woke up the next morning he lay in bed and reflected on what had happened since the night they went to the club with Lynn. He had rarely, if ever, seen Traci as horny as she had been when they got home last night. In a few crazy weeks he and Traci went from occasionally talking dirty about having a three-way fuck to mutually masturbating with two other beautiful women and sharing two wild, intense three-way fucks with Lynn. 

Jim crawled out of bed and went to the bathroom to take a shower. He stood under the hot water for a long time still feeling giddy about the previous night. The water felt great and helped to loosen his sore muscles. He toweled off and went back into the bedroom to find Traci just waking up.

"Morning," he said as he sat on the bed beside her and gave her a kiss on her forehead.

"Hmmm morning," Traci replied with a groggy smile.

"How are you feeling this morning?" Jim asked. "You were sure putting it away last night."

"The hangover's OK," she answered, "but you sure fucked the hell out of me last night."

"Me?" Jim teased, "You were like a wild animal."

Traci smiled sheepishly and said, "Oh yeah, I guess so." They shared a big laugh and Traci crawled out of bed and walked to the bathroom to take her turn in the shower.

By the time she emerged wearing her favorite robe Jim had brewed a fresh pot of coffee and cooked breakfast. "My hero," she said when he handed her a cup of coffee.

"How are you feeling now?" Jim asked after they started eating.

"Better," Traci answered, "but still a little sore."

"That was quite a night," Jim said. 

For the rest of the weekend they reflected on what happened. They fucked again on Saturday evening, but this time it was much more gentle and slow than when they had returned home the previous night. As they fucked Jim couldn't resist teasing her a little bit.

"Did you want to lick the cum off Lynn's nipples," Jim asked as he slowly and deeply fucked her. Traci groaned and immediately answered an emphatic yes. Jim continued asking her similar questions about her desire to suck Gwen's tits or to have Lynn and Gwen suck her tits or pussy.

Finally, as Traci teetered on the verge of her orgasm, Jim asked if she wanted to fuck Lynn. "God yes!" Traci moaned excitedly just before she burst into a long orgasm. Jim was only able to resist for a few more minutes before the visions of wildly fucking Traci and Lynn at the same time dancing in his mind were too much to withstand. After their orgasms finished they cuddled close in each other's arms and drifted off to a long sleep.

The rest of the weekend passed quickly and Jim and Traci got back into their normal workweek routine. Nothing unusual happened until dinner on Thursday when Traci casually mentioned she had invited Lynn and Gwen over Friday night. Jim's cock jumped excitedly at the thought of having the four of them together again and asked, "And what do you have in mind?"

Traci coyly said, "I talked with Lynn and we agreed that things ended rather abruptly last week. We thought it might be fun to get together again and see what happens." She shot Jim a sly smile and they quickly met with a long, excited kiss. 

The rest of their dinners remained on the table until the next morning as Jim and Traci retreated to the bedroom and spent the rest of the night fucking like newlyweds. After their first fuck Jim asked about Gwen. "You know," he said, "I'm kind of surprised she is coming. Honestly, she didn't seem entirely comfortable the other night, and then she was the first one to leave after the game ended."

"I know," Traci said. "Lynn and I talked about that and Lynn let me in on a little secret."

"What's that?"

"Apparently, she and Gwen have been lovers for a while now," Traci answered. "I guess Gwen thought it would just be the three of us and didn't expect you to be involved."

"Doesn't Gwen have a boyfriend?" Jim asked.

"Yes," Traci said, "I guess it isn't that she doesn't like guys it was just that she was surprised. Apparently she didn't figure us, or more specifically you, for doing something like that." Jim and Traci laughed and agreed that they didn't entirely figure themselves for something like that either.

Jim couldn't get the idea of Lynn and Gwen fucking out of his mind. "Really? Lynn and Gwen?" he asked.

"Yup, it seems our friend Lynn still has quite a few secrets," Traci said.

Jim smiled wicked and whispered, "Can you just see the two of them together? Maybe sucking each other's tits before taking turns licking their pussies until they came?"

With that Jim and Traci melted into a long, deep kiss that quickly progressed into another fuck. Afterwards they collapsed on the bed and Jim thought about how he couldn't wait until the next night.

Friday morning and afternoon passed so slowly it seemed like 5pm would never arrive. Finally, the workday ended and Jim hurried home. He and Traci didn't say much over dinner and both helped clean up. Around 9PM the doorbell rang and Traci answer it. Lynn had given Gwen a ride, so they both stepped inside. 

They all went into the kitchen where Lynn mixed them all a round of drinks. They moved to the living room and chatted for a while. Lynn made sure that nobody's glass was empty for more than a few seconds as she kept mixing new drinks. As they talked Jim's stomach fluttered with nervous excitement in anticipation of how the night would end up.

All day long he'd been thinking back to last Friday night. The idea of stripping naked with these three women was amazing and wonderful and had left him wildly excited for more. When Gwen told him to play with himself he was already so turned on he couldn't keep himself from cumming. Watching the women masturbate only spurred his lust and ensured he had no hope of lasting any longer. 

Tonight, however, he thought he knew what to expect. Since it wouldn't be such a wild and intense surprise he figured he'd be able to last longer. Besides, with the number of times he and Traci had fucked in the last week he knew he'd have good stamina. He couldn't wait to see how far things might go.

The conversation continued until Traci left the room and returned with a deck of cards. "Anyone game?" she asked with a playful smile.

"Same rules as last time?" Gwen asked.

"Absolutely," answered Lynn as they all moved into the dining room and sat around the table. Traci sat directly across from Jim, Lynn sat to his left, and Gwen to his right. They all smiled and laughed excitedly as Traci dealt the first round of cards.

They continued talking and laughing during the first several rounds of the game. Everyone took their turn losing a hand or two and for a while only shoes, socks, and belts were removed. Eventually, Lynn lost a hand and removed her top. She had worn a button up top and she slowly unbuttoned it before she stood up and let the shirt slip off her shoulders and onto the floor. It was immediately clear that Lynn had dressed for the occasion. Her black lace bra left much of her tits exposed and was obviously meant to be seen as much as worn. Before she sat back down she teasingly ran her fingers over her upper chest and the exposed parts of her tits.

Several hands later Lynn lost again. Gwen teased her about her bad luck tonight after being the only one left dressed last week. Lynn stood up and slowly unbuckled her pants as she looked around the table and made eye contact with everyone in the room. She teasingly pushed her pants down her legs and then stepped out of them before she slowly turned to let everyone get a good look at her. She wore a lacy black thong that matched her bra. Her bra and thong didn't leave much to the imagination and Jim marveled at how beautiful she was for a woman who had just turned 40. There were some wrinkles that betrayed her true age, but the sexy curves of her stomach and ass were inviting and exciting. Sure, she might be a few pounds heavier than "normal", but Lynn was quite tall and Jim thought the extra weight gave her body a soft, sensual look. He couldn't wait to see her naked again. 

Lynn's streak of bad luck continued on the next hand, but it was clear that she didn't mind. After she lost the next hand Jim excited stared at her to see what she would do now. Lynn smiled wickedly and reached for the front clasp of her sexy bra. She easily and smoothly unhooked the clasp and pulled her bra open, but before Jim could get a good look at her naked tits she covered her breasts with her hands as Gwen had done during their last game. All eyes were now on Lynn and she relished the attention. She squeezed her tits softly before shaking them gently. Finally, she slowly spread her hands and revealed her tits to Jim's hungry gaze.

Lynn's tits were nicely sized for her body, which was to say that they were quite large in keeping with her 6 foot 1 inch height. Without the bra they sagged ever so slightly but their slight droop only served to somehow make them look sexier. Jim couldn't wait to feel her deliciously soft looking tits and spend some time sucking on her nipples.

Lynn's losing streak finally ended on the next hand, but it was a short-lived run of good luck. On the next hand Lynn again lost. Jim's gaze quickly locked on Lynn. She had been on such a losing streak that the others were still almost fully clothed and yet Lynn was now going to be naked.

Lynn slowly stood off her chair and hooked her thumbs into her thong. She didn't just pull them off, and instead she did a very slow, sexy dance. As she danced Traci was the first to whistle a catcall and playfully say, "Take it off." Gwen and Jim quickly joined in the teasing and soon all three clapped and cheered wildly as Lynn finally slipped her thong off while she had her back turned to the table. After shaking her ass at them as she continued her dance she finally turned herself around and revealed her body to the other three. Jim and Traci had now seen Lynn naked three other times and Gwen had likely seen her naked many more times than that, but it was still very exciting to see her strip and show off her sexy body. Lynn slithered back into her chair and Jim couldn't wait to see what would happen next. 

Lynn lost the next hand while Gwen ended up with the best hand. Jim eagerly awaited Gwen's request as, according to their agreed upon rules, Lynn now had to do whatever Gwen asked her to do. The anticipation of Gwen telling Lynn to do something sexual was making Jim crazy. Gwen looked at Lynn and softly said, "I want to watch you play with your tits."

Lynn leaned back in her chair and lightly ran her fingertips over her upper chest. She slowly swirled her fingers down over the soft swell of her tits and then cupped a breast in each hand. She fondled and squeezed her tits like this briefly and then rubbed her hands in slow circles around her tits. Eventually the circles became smaller until her fingers traced small loops around her stiffening nipples. Jim was completely engrossed in Lynn's nasty show and a quick glance told him that Traci and Gwen were equally excited. She continued doing as Gwen had asked for a few more moments. Then Lynn stopped and said, "I think that's enough for now."

It was now Lynn's turn to deal so she picked up the cards and started shuffling. Jim tried to calm himself down and regain his composure as the cards were dealt. Looking around the table it seemed like Lynn was the calmest of the group. As much as he tried Jim couldn't stop staring at Lynn's tits during the next several hands. His level of play dropped dramatically as he remained more focused on Lynn's naked body than on the game. It seemed both Traci and Gwen were having the same problems as Jim. Everyone, with the exception of Lynn, was having trouble concentrating on the game. 

After losing a couple of hands, Gwen removed her shirt. She was wearing a cotton T-shirt and a skirt that just bordered on being a mini-skirt. She stood up from her chair as she grasped the bottom of her shirt and pulled it up and over her head. Gwen had also dressed for their game as she revealed a cherry red satin push up bra. The bra lifted her already huge tits and made them seem even larger and her cleavage more pronounced. As she sat back down Lynn commented that the bra made her look very sexy. 

Between staring at Lynn's naked tits and Gwen's tits as they seemingly tried to spill out of her bra, Jim had no hope of focusing on his next hand and he lost, removing his shirt. The distractions only grew on the next hand when Gwen lost and removed her skirt to reveal red satin panties that matched her bra.

Before they dealt the cards for the next hand Lynn mixed everyone another drink. Lynn seemed perfectly at ease moving around the kitchen and mixing the drinks while completely naked in front of her friends. Jim tried not to make it too obvious, but he watched her excitedly as she made the drinks and came back into the dining room.

After she sat down she said, "I'd like to suggest a little change to our rules." The others listened carefully as Lynn suggested that from now on whoever won the hand would get to direct the others. "If they want to they can just tell the loser to remove a piece of clothing, or if they want to they can request something a little more...daring," she offered. Jim grew even more excited when Traci was the first to agree to the new rule. Gwen and Jim quickly followed and the cards were dealt for the next hand.

Gwen won the next hand and contemplated what to do with her newly decided power. After thinking for a moment she instructed Lynn to remove Jim's pants. Lynn smiled excitedly and said, "Excellent suggestion." She clearly liked how her new rule was being put to use on the very first opportunity. Jim gasped upon hearing Gwen's request and couldn't believe his good luck.

Lynn stood up and slowly stepped over to Jim. She took his arm and guided him to his feet before gracefully gliding down onto her knees in front of him. Jim gazed down at her and for a brief moment they made eye contact as Lynn smiled up at him sexily. Her hands moved up his thighs and met at the button of his pants. She smoothly and expertly unhooked the button and dropped her fingers lower to find his zipper. She looked Jim square in the eyes as she slowly pulled his zipper down. As she pulled his zipper down she ran her hand over the large bulge his hard cock made in the front of his pants. Jim groaned excitedly at her touch but as quickly as it started her hand moved away.

Lynn then grabbed his belt loops over his waist and slowly pulled his pants down. He lifted one leg then the other so she could slide them completely off. As she stood up she ran her hands up his legs stopping just at the bottom of his boxers. Her touch was electric and Jim inhaled sharply in excitement. He thought she might caress his hard cock through his boxers, but instead she pulled her hands away and gave him a knowing smile. 

Traci won the next hand and simply asked Gwen to remove her bra. Knowing that his wife was excited to see Gwen's tits really excited Jim. Jim glanced at Traci and they traded smiles before Jim turned and watched Gwen reach behind her and unclasp her bra. She pushed her bra forward and it slipped down her arms as Jim gazed excitedly at Gwen's big tits. 

On the next hand Traci again won. She took a little longer to think about what she wanted and finally Traci said she wanted Lynn to remove Gwen's panties. Hearing his wife make such a request drove Jim wild with lust and excitement. 

Lynn smiled wickedly and walked to the other side of the table where Gwen waited for her. Lynn asked Gwen to stand up and Lynn dropped to her knees beside Gwen. Lynn virtually repeated what she had just done to remove Jim's pants as she slipped off Gwen's panties. Jim loved watching Lynn caress Gwen's legs with Gwen's naked pussy just inches in front of Lynn's face. When Lynn stood up she grazed her fingers over Gwen's pussy hair and Gwen let out an excited gasp.

Jim won the next hand and gave Traci an excited smile as he said he wanted Gwen to remove his wife's top. He couldn't wait to see Gwen with Traci and he wasn't disappointed. Gwen walked behind Traci and grasped Traci's shirt at her waist. Gwen slowly lifted her shirt and let her hands drag up Traci's sides. Traci reacted strongly to Gwen's touch and obviously enjoyed the contact very much. As she pulled Traci's shirt up Gwen's tits jiggled and Jim's gaze remained focused on them until she had tossed Traci's shirt aside. With a soft caress on the back of Traci's neck Gwen returned to her seat.

Traci won the next hand and returned Jim's favor by telling Gwen to remove his underwear. Jim gasped excitedly and stepped over in front of Gwen. She reached up and slid a couple of fingers inside the waistband of his boxers. She slowly pulled them down. The waistband caught briefly on his hard cock and Gwen shifted her hands to release it. As she did this the back of her hand brushed along the length of his shaft and Jim let out a low moan. Gwen pulled his underwear completely off and ran her hands up the sides of his legs. She slipped her hands around him and gave his ass a quick squeeze. Jim desperately wanted to lunge forward and bury his cock between her huge tits but he somehow managed to return to his seat.

Gwen won the next hand and paused to look around the table before deciding what to do. Finally, Gwen told Traci to remove her own pants and then turned to Jim. She looked him directly in the eye, gave him a sexy smile, and said, "I've seen you staring at my tits. Why don't you come over here and taste them?" 

Jim practically jumped off his chair and knelt on the floor beside Gwen. He caressed her tits excitedly and then hungrily lowered his head and teased her nipples with his tongue. Her tits were amazingly firm for their size. He kneaded her soft flesh as he moved his mouth back and forth teasing each nipple until it was hard. He could easily have sucked her tits all night long and Gwen seemingly would not have minded. She ran her fingers through his hair and obviously enjoyed his attention. She moaned several times and her fingers dug excitedly at the back of his head and his neck. 

Traci finally broke them up saying, "Down boy, I think that's good enough for now." Jim reluctantly pulled himself away from Gwen's tits. His cock throbbed and he hoped all the women looked at his excitement as he moved back to his seat. 

Jim won the next hand and took a deep breath as he considered his options. Traci still had on her bra and panties and the idea of watching Lynn, Gwen, or perhaps both of them taking off her clothes was very exciting. However, after already having the brief chance to touch and kiss Gwen's big tits Jim couldn't resist the opportunity for a second time. He decided to up the ante a little bit and live out a little fantasy. Without saying anything he got up and disappeared into the kitchen. He could hear the women joking about what he might be doing as he rummaged through the refrigerator. He finally found what he wanted and returned to the table with one hand behind his back. 

He said all he wanted was for Gwen to lean back in her chair. Gwen smiled excitedly and leaned back as Jim again knelt beside her. He pulled his hand from behind his back and revealed the can of spray whipped cream he found in the refrigerator. Lynn laughed excitedly and Gwen sighed in anticipation as Jim popped off the lid. He sprayed a big pile of the cream onto both of Gwen's nipples and excitedly lapped up the cream. Gwen's nipples quickly grew even harder and stood out farther from her tits from the cold of the cream. Jim eagerly sucked on her nipples to keep them hard and tight as Gwen moaned wildly. He repeated the application of the cream and his wild licking and sucking a couple more times before he forced himself to return to his seat. He left the whipped cream on the table hoping he might have the chance to use it again.
