 All characters appearing in the following narrative are fictional. Any resemblance to any real persons – either living or deceased – is entirely coincidental on the part of the Author. Unless otherwise noted all persons appearing in the narrative are written as being of the majority age of eighteen years owing to depictions of graphic sexual activity contained throughout the body of this work.

POKER NIGHT – PART THREE

Miriam stirred to wakefulness and groaned. The alarm said noon but it only felt like she had slept for a few minutes. The cocktail of anonymous sex, vodka, and sleeping pills had really kicked her ass – again. The downstairs was tidy and both Tony and Heather appeared to be out of the house already. The only room in disarray appeared to be the game room. An archaic left over from her previous, failed, marriage. Now her college son – and college-bound daughter – used it to entertain their friends. Miriam turned a blind eye to the under aged drinking. The house rule being that the kids surrendered their car keys when they turned up. She didn't worry too much about drugs, both of her kids being smart enough to avoid that pathetic pitfall. . . She was walking through the room toward the kitchen when a familiar smell assailed her nostrils. As hung over and fucked up as she was Miriam knew sex when she smelled it and it was heavy in the air above the card table which filled the center of the room. She knew Tony hosted poker games for the fraternity to avoid gambling on campus but who were the guys having in for sex? Maybe it was high time that she stayed home on a Friday night just to see what was going on. . .

Heather modeled the new lingerie in front of the full-length mirror in her bedroom and even she had to admit that it looked pretty fucking hot on her. Red, not normally her color, looked alright when it was toned down to a 'fire-rose' shade and cut so scantily in certain areas it was almost as though she was not wearing anything at all. There had been time when she had wished that she could have walked into the Poker Night gatherings in not save but her skin, except that would have deprived the guys of the anticipation of winning hands in order to get her out of her clothing.

"What do you think?" Heather asked the black haired and willowy young woman sitting in her desk chair.

"Definitely does not leave very much to the imagination," Offered Chloe. "Crotch-less, right?"

Heather parted the thin stretch of fabric covering her nearly hairless vagina to show that the panties were, indeed, without a functional crotch worthy of being mentioned. She and Chloe turned to the newcomer in the room, a mutual acquaintance of theirs by the unassuming name of Mieko. The petite Asian girl smiled at the impromptu fashion show but did not show much interest in it.

"Nothing? Really," asked Heather, even as she was tugging the material back into place and straightening it.

This was the second time in as many weeks that she and Chloe had tried to bring Mieko into their little sphere of influence and get her involved in the Poker Night ritual. It had been frustrating because her parents were over protective and anal retentive about what she did, where she went, and with whom she was allowed to hang out. Needless to say, she and Chloe were not anywhere near the top of list of friends that she was supposed to be spending a lot of time with. Mieko had actually risked lying to them so that she could be here tonight! The primary reason behind Heather and Chloe's nefarious plot was to help Mieko part ways with her virginity!

Tony lugged in the last case of beer from the car and made sure that the stogies were in the humidor for tonight. No new faces were showing up from the House, but at least those that were could be counted on to keep their mouths shut about what really went on during these poker games. Heather and Chloe were pulling a repeat from the last game but the two of them kept hinting at something special for tonight's 'Big Winner'. Unless they were going to let him fuck both of them at the same time he could not begin to guess what they were talking about. This was going to be their last game before the girls showed up at college and became students so they needed to make it a good one. Tony did one last check of the chips and made sure that the decks of cards were new before heading upstairs to grab a nap. . .

Miriam watched from her window as her son hauled in beer and then spent another half-hour tidying up the game room. She knew all of his fraternity brothers that were coming to the game tonight and knew that they were all legal so there would not be any need to collect keys and driver's licenses. She had already declined several invitations from her own circle of friends. Citing everything from menstrual cramps to a raging case of crabs in order to get out of another night at the clubs that usually ended up in someone's bed. Heather and her two friends, Chloe and Mieko, were in her room and the conversations was about what you would expect from three college bound young women. Men and sex. Without knocking Miriam walked in and found Heather and Chloe standing around in some of the skimpiest lingerie she had ever seen! They also appeared to be handing some of the same to the young woman sitting on the end of her daughter's bed.

"Girls," she started. "What is going on?"

Heather recovered quickly. Having her mother walk in on her was nothing new and she had stopped letting it bother her after she had done so while Heather had been taking those first tentative steps in exploring masturbation.

"Just trying on some new underwear Mom," offered Heather.

"I can see that. What were you talking about? I thought I heard quite a bit about boys and sex." Despite not being fooled into thinking that her daughter was still a virgin for a second Miriam did not think it appropriate to be carrying on such a conversation with someone in the room that seemed to be so reluctant about having sex. If Mieko was NOT a virgin that would have been a real shocker for Miriam.

"Just locker room talk Mom," Heather shrugged. "People we know and who they are sleeping with. The usual bullshit."

"Okay. Put on some clothes and come down for some lunch." Miriam eased the door shut behind herself and leaned against the wall just outside the bedroom door. Could it be her daughter and her friends that were having sex with the fraternity boys? They were all adults – legally. Still, it made her a little uneasy to think that Tony would allow his little sister to have intercourse with his friends. Especially if he were still in the room, or watching while it was being done. What the other two girls did was really none of her affair but now she was more determined than ever to find out what was really going on during her Friday night absences.

Fuck! That had been too damn close. Her mother had obviously been fishing for information. Heather was pretty certain that she had been fooled into thinking that it was just three young women gossiping about who was fucking around with who while they were trying on skimpy bras and barely-there panties. Mieko had looked like she was about to sink through the bed and the floor when Miriam had barged in the room. Fortunately Heather had gotten over that early on in life and having your mother discover you having one of your first orgasms was nothing unusual. The fact that the discovery of her, barely teenage, daughter having a wank had sent her out vibrator shopping for that same daughter was probably not. Heather still had that particular vibrator and it was still one of her favorites too. Now that she suspected that Miriam might be trying to sabotage tonight's game she really needed to talk to Tony and see if he wanted to cancel things or at least move them off to another, more secure, location.

Mieko looked on as Heather seamlessly fed her own mother a line of bullshit and wondered how her friend did such things so easily. She had almost felt like dying when she had lied and made her parent's think that she was staying somewhere else tonight instead of spending time with Heather and Chloe. The two girls were so liberated with their sexuality and that had been an easy draw for Mieko. Always shy and introverted she had never been able to work up the courage to talk to a guy. Let alone ever think of broaching the subject of sex with one. 

"Are you onboard, Mieko," asked Chloe.

"I'm just not sure. I always wanted the first time to be . . . you know . . . perfect. Special. Not just another dumb girl in the backseat of her boyfriend's car letting him jump into her panties." Just talking about it was making her nervous.

"Actually, that isn't so bad," said Chloe with one of her wicked grins. "But we are not talking about putting a man on the moon. Just putting one of them on top of you." Chloe reached behind her and pulled out a cobalt blue set of lingerie cut exactly like what Heather had been modeling and waved it at her. The color set off Mieko's skin tone and her eye color perfectly and she knew she would look stunning in it. The lectures from her mother and father – roughly one a week ever since she had gotten her first period – suddenly did not seem to be so loud and important to her. Sex was not marriage and her friends had assured her that the guys were careful and that they would all wear condoms upon request. Plus, she did not have to do more than she was comfortable with. Though her hand was still shaking, she reached out for the lingerie with one hand and the top snap of her jeans with the other. . .

Tony had already seen Mike, Pete, and Tully into the game room. Making sure to pass each of them a couple of the condoms that Heather had provided for tonight. He had even remembered to tell them that tonight they had to wrap up if they were with his sister too. Some shit about times of the month being too close and safety being as important as having a good time. The usual girl drama and worries about getting laid. Ian rolled in and, surprisingly enough, he had Anton with him. Anton had just recently broke shit off with the steady girlfriend after their sex life had dried up. Tony had done the same after the last Poker Night here with Harper. Her 'accusations' about what he might, or might not, have been doing with Heather and her friend – while entirely true – gave him an easy out for a relationship that had long been sucking ass through a straw! Anton passed Tony the envelope with the hundred dollar buy in and accepted the condoms and cautions with a knowing wink and a smile. Maybe Heather would be happy to see him back at the table after that first time that they had had together she had not been able to talk about anyone else besides him. More particularly, she had not shut up about how sore she was from fucking that monster cock of his.

Mieko looked at herself in the mirror and tried not to be too critical. She had always thought of herself as being to petite to be attractive to guys. Her hips were almost too narrow to suggest that she was actually a woman and, since she was being honest, Asian girls – as a rule – never seemed to come out of puberty with much in the way of tits. Hers were barely a large B-cup and her mother had told her that such large breasts were going to cause her trouble. Of course coming from a woman with no tits to speak of. . . The lingerie served to highlight her slender legs and the flatness of her stomach and the deep blue made the almond tone of her skin pop along with the matching blue of her eyes. If she wanted to be generous Mieko would have risked saying that for the first time in her life she felt like an adult. Stepping away from the mirror she accepted her jeans back from a waiting Chloe and pulled them back on along with the rest of her street clothes. Before walking out the bedroom each of the girls pocketed a couple of condoms just to be on the safe side. . .

Now she was sure that something was going on! Miriam had set herself up in the kitchen – out of sight of the players – but from a vantage point where she could see everything. All of the beer was stocked behind the small bar immediately adjacent to the game room so there was no real reason for anybody to come in and see that she was watching them. No girls had arrived with any of Tony's usual players so that could only mean that the sex was happening between these older guys and the young women upstairs in her daughter's bedroom. Miriam knew, or at the very least suspected, how much her daughter liked sex, but dragging her friends into something like what she suspected was going on was wrong. Hunkering down in the darkest corner of the room that still allowed her to watch Miriam was determined to catch them in the act. Besides, it might prove more interesting than her normal Friday night activities.

Cigar smoke hung thick in the air as the game progressed along the usual lines. All of the guys had made appreciative sounds and nods as the girls had come in from upstairs. The beer was free flowing, and the players were all talking their shit as cards were dealt and the pot kept getting bigger. As the last of the chips were thrown in and the last 'straight' hand was played all of them were making eyes at one another, and only Mieko was looking somewhat hesitant though the relaxed play and the open and friendly nature of the guys had helped a lot with her anxiety.

"Two pair Bitches," chimed in Tully as he put down his cards after raising the pot with his last five dollar chip.

"Eat my ass," added Ian throwing down two pair of higher cards. Kings over Jacks.

The other players groaned and began swearing as the other guys showed their cards and revealed varying handfuls of shit. Then the guys looked over at the girls and Heather grinned like a fox turned loose in a chicken house. Chloe was smirking around the cigar in her mouth and even Mieko – who had picked up on the game easily enough – was eyeing her cards with assurance.

"Full House," crowed Heather throwing down the other two Jacks and three Aces.

Chloe cursed and stamped her feet in a mock fit while throwing down a hand that was worth absolutely nothing and pushed her last chips into the pot. Mieko took one more look at her cards and then her mouth split into a huge grin.

"Is this okay," she asked. Her's was another full house. This one containing three Queens and the last two Kings.

The collective wave of swearing followed by copious ingestions of alcohol and pulling on cigars was vociferous and long as the cards were collected, shuffled, and thrown back to the players. The guys shifted in their collective seats and the girls giggled amongst themselves knowing that with the chips out of the way that now the real playing could begin. Heather rubbed a hand over her stomach. Nervous at the thought that Anton was back in the game. With both Ian and Anton there was a better than fair chance that she was going to end up walking funny before the weekend was through. Then there was always Tully. He was also well endowed and seemed able to fuck a girl raw before blowing his load. Chloe was eyeing up Pete and Mike and this time it was obvious that she wanted more out of them than just oral gratification. Mieko had been throwing shy glances at Tony since sitting down at the table at is was pretty obvious that, given a choice, she would have happily given her virginity to Heather's quiet and reserved older brother.

Cards were dealt and the hands played out over the next hour. Mieko had gotten a crash course from watching her two friends but, thus far, had done as they asked and remained in her seat, only casting off articles of clothing as a losing hand dictated. Heather had teased and sucked Pete to a monstrous erection for having the lowest hand on several occasions. Chloe had allowed Ian to eat her out when he had lost as well. Obviously it was a developed system where the winning high hand received some degree of pleasure from the losing low hand. Mieko could appreciate that and was beginning to feel the first tingling or arousal as she watched Chloe come up out of Mike's lap still swallowing the load of cum she had teased out of him. Both of her friends were naked now, as were most of the guys, and she had been reduced to just the panties she had on. . .

The blue silk slithered down her legs as Mieko swallowed in fear at guys seeing her naked for the first time. No doubt, judging from how her friends were closely cropped or shaved clean, they were going to find the sight of her own unshaved vagina repulsive. To say nothing of her small tits and thin hips. With a trembling hand she threw the underwear into the pot.

"You ready," asked Chloe and Heather at the same moment.

Unable to speak Mieko settled for nodding her head in the affirmative and then sat back down in her seat. She was suddenly flushed and feverish at the thought of finally parting ways with her virginity and found herself unexpectedly wet with excitement at the idea.

"Next winner gets tonight's 'Jackpot'," teased Heather as she pointed to Mieko. "Our mutual friend and new player here just so happens to be willing to wager her virginity against the next hand." At this announcement the guys pounded the table with their fists, chugged beers and puffed on their cigars all the harder and more than one hand went into their laps, reaching for their dicks in the hope that they were going to come out ahead. Heather deftly dealt the cards in rapid order and then sat back down to look at her own hand. Not knowing what to do if her cards proved to be the highest. She and Chloe might be willing to experiment but she doubted that Mieko was willing to entertain the idea of losing her cherry to a vibrator or toy being used by one of her friends.

Tony only smiled and Heather breathed a deep sigh of relief, as his high hand netted him the prize. He stood up and walked around the table to Mieko and offered her his hand.

"You dicks can just use your imaginations. I am taking this somewhere more private." He said and led the trembling young woman out of the room and toward the stairs leading toward the bedrooms. Heather watched their retreating backs and found a new appreciation for her older brother and making Mieko's first time both memorable as well as private. Once the two of them were out of the room though she stood up out of the chair and began eyeing up what was left for her to choose from.

Chloe's back bowed as Tully bored into her from behind, his favorite position seemed to be doggy and his length was touching places inside of her deeper than she had ever thought possible. Combined that reach with thrusts that drove her breath out of her and this was, easily, the best sex she had ever experienced. The complete sensation of being so filled made it even more difficult to focus any attention on giving Ian a hand job. Not that with his girth it was easy to begin with and she did not dare risk trying to give him oral since every intense thrust of Tully's magnificent instrument was making her teeth gnash together with the pleasure he was wringing out of her.

"Huh! . . . Huh! . . . Huh!" Chloe panted between clinched teeth with each thrust

The tension of her mounting orgasm was making each of those thrusts send tingling sensation from the core of her being arching into her brain and tears of the most perfect pleasure rolled down her cheeks. Tully had a thin sheen of sweat covering his chest but he continued pounding into her. Marveling at the feeling of having a woman surrender herself so completely for the first time. Mostly he had only gotten one night stands in the past because most of them could not handle the vigor he brought to sex. Something that when coupled with his size usually served only in making sex uncomfortable instead of pleasant. Chloe only seemed to find the surrender all the more pleasing and went with it. His balls were tightening up even as they slapped against the swollen lips of her pussy and he knew that he was going to cum soon. . .
