 All characters appearing in the following narrative are fictional. Any resemblance to any real persons – either living or deceased – is entirely coincidental on the part of the Author. Unless otherwise noted all persons appearing in the narrative are written as being of the majority age of eighteen years owing to depictions of graphic sexual activity contained throughout the body of this work





Heather groaned, thrashing in her sleep, as her over-sexed mind and body tried to recover from still another marathon session of creative sex fueled by alcohol, cigars, and a game room filled to capacity by her brother, Tony's, fraternity brothers. She would be departing – along with a few of her friends – for that same college in another two weeks so tonight's game had been sort of a send-off to this ritual of theirs. Once she was settled into the freshman dormitories she would have access to the fraternity house itself and word had already hit all of the Greek Houses that the new incoming Dean was less of a stickler for the rules and regulations so long as no laws were flaunted or broken outright. In short, the poker games would be able to continue so long as the nudity was contained within the house and there were no complaints of under aged drinking or other stupidity. Tony watched her thrash as he snugged the blankets up to her chin and smiled down at her. The faint memory of his having taken her anal cherry arising. That first game she had sat in on had opened his eyes to how much she had changed while he had been away at school . . . What she, and later her friends, had brought to the poker games had been a deal maker for him. He was, without argument one of the best liked guys in the House and an invite to buy into one of his games was a sure sign that someone was accepted within the fraternity. Backing out of her room he paused long enough to appreciate the graceful lines of her body underneath the thin coverlet before closing the door behind him and heading off to bed . . .

 Her alarm roused her and sitting up in bed Heather was immediately reminded of what she had done the night before. Though saying 'whom' she had done would prove a more accurate description. Her pussy ached from being used by no fewer than three of her brother's friends and her upper thighs were a sticky mess of spent cum. Hers' as well as theirs. Her jaw ached from too many long oral sessions and her throat was sore from taking more than one cock deeper than she had ever done before. She was at least thankful that none of them had thought to take her in the ass. She had enjoyed it the one time she had allowed it to happen, but was in no hurry to make it a regular offering to any of her lovers. Her clothes that she had worn into the game room – and bet against during the poker game – were puddled on the floor at the foot of her bed. Even the badly mangled lingerie she had started out in. Fuck! It had been one of her favorite sets too. Now she was going to have to replace it before she finished packing up for college. 

 A warm shower loosened her up and eased enough of the discomfort to allow Heather to walk through the house without wincing in obvious pain. She would have thought – based on the amount of regular sex that she was now having – that her body might have gotten used to the exertion and stopped leaving her feeling like a newly broken woman the night after her virginity was taken. Tony smiled at her as she slumped down at the table and listlessly began shoveling bacon and eggs into her food-starved body. If it were true, and sex was the very best form of exercise, then she had to be in the very best shape of her young life after this summer. He passed her a bulging envelope with a knowing a wink and no other comment. Her 'share' of last night's buy-in and cash pot for having provided the night's real form of 'entertainment'. Looking out the window at the backyard patio Heather could already see that Chloe, Amanda, and Lindsey were each sun bathing around the pool in the backyard. Without worry about anything as trifling as a swimming suit, Heather headed out to see her friends and partners, stripping off the few clothes she had put on before coming downstairs.

 The morning sun was warm and glorious and the other three girls were, likewise, naked. Chloe, with her ebony hair and clean shaven sex, was spread eagled across the beach towel so that every inch of her got a tan. The twin sisters – Amanda and Lindsey – were lying side by side and whispering to one another while lightly touching and giggling. No doubt comparing notes about the night before.

"Morning," yawned Heather. Folding herself into a beach chair she slouched down and allowed her legs to part, showing anyone caring to peep that she kept a small stripe of red pubic hair as a 'landing strip' between her legs.

"Just don't say it is a good one," groaned Chloe. She had been steady with Tully most of last night and his idea of vigorous sex had worn out even Chloe.

"It isn't all bad," offered Amanda. Her long, thin, fingers were between her sister's legs and twirling in her pubic hair.

"Mmmm," offered Lindsey, leaning back to allow Amanda unimpeded access to her slit. Into which a single finger immediately vanished.

Heather watched the tableau of the two sisters as Amanda fingered Lindsey to a small orgasm. By which time her own fingers were at her box and she was finding herself wishing that it was a hard cock instead. Lindsey reciprocated by pushing her sibling back onto the grass and then straddling her. Before too long they were in a heated sixty-nine and even Chloe had stopped her grumbling to watch the action as she too began playing with herself. Their enjoyment at watching the other two girls getting off was interrupted by the sound of the sliding glass door opening and Tony coming out into the yard.

"Heather? Have you got a minute?" He asked in a pseudo-panic.

Not even thinking to cover herself in front of her brother anymore, Heather stood up out of the chair and crossed the small distance between the two of them. Leaving her three friends to work out their lusts with each other, or with their own fingers.

"Sure. What's up," she asked.

"The guys want to extend the poker game for another night. Um . . . you four wouldn't be willing to . . ."

The thought of another night like the last one was almost too much to be born. She was still exhausted from the ordeal and here was her brother, whom she loved immensely, asking her to subject her body, and those of her friends, to more of the same treatment. She knew he would not have asked if it were not important though and already the little part of her that was always hungry for more sex was beginning to stir and take notice of another possibility to satiate itself. Besides, the tidy little nest egg she had set aside from these little events would only get bigger from another pot she reasoned to herself.

"I won't say yes for them," she started . . . and that was as far as she got before Tony whooped and swept her up in his arms, planting a big wet kiss on her cheek as he spun her around. The fact that she was naked not seeming to bother him in the least. As a matter of a fact she could have sworn that his hands were a little more 'feely' than usual on her naked butt and thighs as he came to a halt and, reluctantly, set her back down. His attention immediately shifted to the sight of Amanda and Lindsey. The two of them were now hungrily devouring each other amidst groans, moans, and squeals of delight.

"Shit," was all Tony could manage before he forced himself to turn away and run back into the house.

Heather did not have to turn away. Chloe had been the first one to initiate her to same-sex love, but she had taken a couple of turns with each of the twins as well. As much as they loved cock, those two loved each other more. Her eyes locked onto Amanda since she was head down between Lindsey's parted thighs and whenever her sister speared her quim with her tongue she would arch her back and move enough that Heather could see that Amanda had a couple fingers buried in Lindsey's steaming slit as well as one in her asshole. Then she would go back down on her sister and Heather knew that her tongue was hitting the other girl's clitoris by the way that her hips were twitching and she was trying to buck under the weight of her twin.

"Looks like some fun, doesn't it?" Whispered Chloe as she came up behind Heather and took both of her ass cheeks in her hands and began kneading them.

"Sure does," she consented and then leaned her head back so that the taller girl could kiss her full on the mouth.

Before they broke apart Chloe had worked a single finger between her folds and began fingering her. Heather took a cue from the twins and had let her own hands find, and begin playing with, Chloe's ass. Heather moaned around another mouthful of tongue and shamelessly began grinding her pussy against her friend's hand, wanting more than just the one finger inside of her. . .

Miriam watched the little scene on the back deck build until all four girls were intertwined with one another and eating and fingering every available hole that they had. Her own pussy was soaking wet at the sight and she would never have pegged her daughter for a bi-sexual, but it was hot nonetheless. Tony had said something to her down in the yard before Heather and Chloe had begun their little tryst. Miriam could only hope that it was going to turn into still another poker game. She had been forced into missing the one last night owing to a social function for one of the charities that she sat on the board for. A bunch of middle-aged, paunchy, socialites trying to ease their own moral failings by funneling money to this cause or another! They had even invited her to stay for 'drinks' once the meeting was over. Most of her fellow board members were in the same swinger's circles as she was and Miriam had bedded several of them already. No. She was staying home tonight and hoping to try and sit in on the poker game. Now – as she continued watching her daughter and her friends as she slipped two fingers inside of herself – she just had to think of a premise that was not entirely ludicrous to make it happen. . .

 A second shower had become necessary for all four girls. Between the heat of the morning sun and the heat that they had made between themselves, they had finished their little adventure in varying states of sweatiness and stickiness. Thankfully, Heather's shower was large enough to accommodate all four of them at once. There had been some light teasing and fooling around while they soaped and rinsed one another but aside from some fingers straying where they could most of the action had already happened outside by the pool. Heather lathered and rinsed her hair while thinking back on the two orgasms that she had enjoyed. One from Chloe and the other one from someone's fingers or tongue. By the time that things had degenerated to the point where she could not tell what parts belonged to which of the girls, she had been so lost in lust that it really had not fucking mattered anymore. In all honesty she had allowed things to go too long since she had last enjoyed another woman and this morning had been a welcome relief from the usual heterosexual poker game routine.

 The four of them were sitting, or standing, around in her room – naked – when she approached them on the topic that Tony had mentioned. Not surprisingly, Chloe had not reservations about dragging the game out for another night. She never seemed able to get enough of Tully's cock, or his marathon fuck sessions. Amanda and Lindsey said that they were in but that they needed to make a run to the store for more condoms. Not that they were anywhere near getting their periods, just that they were always safety conscious whenever they were getting fucked by a guy instead of one another. Heather, knowing that the head count was going to leave them a little stretched, no pun intended, also made a call to Mieko. She was only too happy to join in as well. Provided that she got some of Tony before the night was over. With the particulars on their end out of the way the four of them went ahead and got dressed and decided that it would be a good thing to get away from the house for a while and that there was not going to be a better time to hit the stores before getting ready for tonight's party. Heather snatched up her car keys and the four of them headed for the garage. . .

Miriam looked on as the four girls piled into the car and headed off for whatever they were going to need for tonight. Her own store of lubricant and condoms was more than adequate but she would not have been able to sit in on the game if she had come right out and offered to share with her daughter and her friends. About an hour after the four of them had left Tony accepted a delivery from the liquor store of a couple of kegs and cases of cigars. No doubt now that he was going to invite more of his fraternity brothers to sit in on the game. More eager cocks than the four girls were going to be able to pleasure. Of that much she was certain. Crossing the room to her lingerie dresser Miriam began to comb through her exhaustive collection in order to find the perfect set to fit tonight's celebration. . .

 The lower floor of the mall had one attraction that Heather and Chloe – to say nothing of their close circle of shared friends – had been making regular use of since they were old enough to walk in the door. The Maiden's Gift was the premiere sex store in the city and this was one of their smaller outlets. The big store was located in a strip mall on the other side of town, so they had to settle for what they could find on the shelves here. Amanda and Lindsey were chatting up a couple of the girls that worked there that they knew from school. Cassie and Elena. They had also already loaded up one of those little shopping baskets with enough contraceptives to keep them stocked through their first year, or two, in college. Chloe and Heather had gone ahead and splurged for matching lingerie sets for the five girls that were planning to take part in tonight's event. After a couple of minutes the twins came back over and took the other two girls aside.

"Cassie and Elena are okay with tonight if you want to invite them in," they said.

"The more the merrier," added Chloe. She sized them up and could tell what sizes they were so she just dug around through the lingerie until she found sets matching the other five that were in with some other things that she and Heather had already picked out.

"C'mon," said Heather as she took out a wad of bills and started parting the crowds in order to reach the cashier's station. "Let's break the news to the new girls and make sure that these are going to fit before I pay for them."

Half an hour later the four of them were back in Heather's car and heading over to grab Mieko before the other girls dominating parents could piss in their picnic and tell their daughter that she was not allowed out for the evening. The other two girls – Cassie and Elena – had been told to get showered and groomed and be at the house before seven o'clock. That way there would be plenty of time to get into their lingerie and back into street clothes before most of the party goers had begun to arrive.

 Arriving back at the house the five friends piled out and ran inside in order to get to Heather's bedroom and start going through everything that they had bought. They were already excited about the prospects for the evening and the twins could not stop talking about finding a couple of Tony's 'brothers' and sharing them between the two of them. Mieko was all about getting Tony back between her legs and Chloe would not shut up about Tully's marvelous cock and how long he could fuck her before blowing his load. Heather was thinking about Anton and Pete – not at the same time – that made it hard to walk for days afterward, but she was not averse to taking them in their own turn since they both had the wondrous gift of bringing her off in multiple orgasms. Then her mind flashed back to by the pool earlier and Tony's hands on her ass and thighs and how she thought he was enjoying the feeling of her skin in his hands a little more than he might otherwise have. Maybe he had been thinking back to the only time she had allowed him to use her sexually. The first Poker Night that she had sat in on. The one where she had taken all five of the guys at the table and allowed Tony to pop her anal cherry by initiating her to anal sex. Thinking about it still had the ability to make her wet as a river. If the twins could enjoy one another on a regular basis maybe, just maybe, it was high time that she allowed Tony to do more for her than fuck her in the ass?

 By the time that the five of them were dressed out in the matching lingerie sets and had begun pulling on their street clothes again, the first of the party-goers was beginning to arrive and the downstairs rooms were filling up fast. How many people had Tony invited? There was only so much sex that Heather and her friends were going to be able to put out there, and she did not think that this was going to be just another of the plain and boring poker nights. Before she could start dreading the number of cocks that were going to need to be sucked and fucked tonight though, the other two girls – Cassie and Elena – showed up and were introduced around. Then they were ordered to strip down and get changed. It was a good thing too. Neither of them had seemed to grasp the idea behind 'grooming' themselves and the tangled nests of pubic hair obscuring their pussies was going to have to come off – or at least be trimmed down – before they were allowed to take part. If Mieko, one of the more puritanical girls when it came to sex, could part her forest down to a single patch, then so could these two. Above their protestations, no matter how weak they were, the two newcomers were hauled into Heather's bathroom wherein their honey blond and brunette thatches were cleaned away or pared down for the pleasure of the guys that were fast filling up the downstairs. Once that was done they were redressed in the matching lingerie sets and then allowed back into their street clothes. Now it was party time. . .

Tony just hoped that Heather and the other girls were not going to shit when they saw how many people had turned up for the surprise party he was throwing for his little sister having made it into college on a full scholarship. Who would have figured that she had brains to go with a body that never seemed to get enough cock between its legs, or in its mouth, even in her ass . . . and that memory made him both smile and started him hardening at the same moment? He had no doubt that before the night was over that there was going to be plenty of sex going on. After all he had encouraged his brothers from the fraternity to bring their girls – if they had one – and that the party was more along the lines of an old Roman Orgy. Those that did want to buy into tonight's exclusive poker game were more than welcome to do so. None of them had even bitched about the increased buy-in either, even though two-hundred dollars was a little stiff for a private room, free beer, good cigars, and some barely college-aged pussy that was begging to be fucked! More cars kept arriving and he already had his usual players parted from their money and heading into the game room. All the others were invited to stay on the main floor of the house and in the backyard where they were welcome to the use of the pool – swimsuits being optional. There was plenty of food and lots to drink. Now all that the party needed was the guest of honor and her little horny friends. . .

 The music was throbbing throughout the house but it still did not drowned out the round of swearing as the first hand of cards was done away with and the usual suspects were left with varying degrees of shit in their hands. Sitting around the table were – from the fraternity – Anton, Eric, Ian, Mike, Pete, Tully and one newcomer, Buchard. He had the air about him of both an experienced poker player as well as an experienced lover. He tossed a full house onto the table and leered over at the girls as he reached into the center of the table and began gathering his chips. Heather only smirked back at him because he had been making the most eyes at her and she knew what he was thinking. Guys did not buy into Tony's poker games without knowing what the end result was going to be and Buchard had pretty well-formed ideas on where he wanted his cock to end up before the night was over. Besides herself, there were Amanda, Cassie, Chloe, Elena, Lindsey and Mieko. That made the sides of the table pretty even once Tony was added into the mix so there might not be a need for 'doubling up' as there had been in the past. Heather breathed a sigh of relief at that realization though her inner-slut was a little put out. At least her two favorite cocks were sitting in on the game and that alone was enough to wet her panties. Tony kept dividing his attention between, the returning Mieko, as well as herself so Heather knew that what she thought she had felt this morning beside the pool had probably not been her imagination.
