 Jim didn't wake up until late the next morning. He rolled over and was momentarily confused to find he was alone in bed. Had the previous night simply been some intense fantasy? He lay there for a moment and let his head clear. He smiled when he heard the shower running and Traci and Lynn chatting in the next room.

He crawled out of bed, pulled on a pair of shorts and a T-shirt, and walked out into the dining room. "Good morning," Lynn said with a sweet, sexy smile.

Traci leaned her head back and puckered for a kiss. After they kissed she smiled happily and said, "Morning lover."

Jim answered them both and went to get a cup of coffee. As he sipped his coffee he noticed that Traci was wearing her usual Saturday morning clothes, a pair of cotton shorts and an old, faded T-shirt. Lynn was wearing one of his old, flannel shirts. She had the top two buttons open and the tails of the shirt barely covered her ass as she sat on the chair.

Lynn clearly noticed Jim's gaze and said, "I hope you don't mind, but none of Traci's shirts fit me." Jim smiled happily and said that he didn't mind one bit.

"We didn't think you would," Traci teased with a playful wink.

Gwen came out of the bathroom a few minutes later and Jim offered to make breakfast for everyone. The women happily agreed and Lynn teasingly told Traci that she'd better watch out or Lynn might spend more nights over. They all ate quickly as everyone seemed to have worked up a good appetite the previous night. Once breakfast was over Lynn changed back into her clothes from the previous night and she and Gwen got ready to leave.

Traci and Jim walked them to the door and exchanged soft kisses with both Lynn and Gwen. Lynn then turned to leave but turned back around just after she stepped out the door and added, "We should do this again soon."

"Absolutely," Traci answered quickly. They waved to their friends and new lovers and then shut the door.

"Oh my God," Traci giggled. "Can you believe we did that?"

"I can't believe you," Jim teased. "You and Lynn looked so fucking hot together."

"Hmmm, what about you and Gwen? It sure looked like you enjoyed fucking her," Traci teased. Traci smiled wickedly and slithered beside Jim, rubbing her tits back and forth against his arm. Jim turned toward her and wrapped his arms around her back. They hugged and then melted into a slow, passionate kiss. Jim's lust and love for her now seemed intensified after what they had just done together.

They moved into the bedroom and stripped out of their pajamas before crawling into bed. They kissed and fondled each other for a while before Traci asked, "How did it feel to cum in Lynn's mouth?"

"Like a dream come true," Jim answered honestly. "But what made it even hotter was having you there to watch."

"I can't believe she took all of your cum and just swallowed it," Traci said excitedly. "And I can't believe she deep throated you like that. It was so nasty and exciting to watch." They talked a little longer about Lynn and just how amazingly sexy and experienced their friend was. 

After a while Jim kissed his way down Traci's neck and chest and licked and kissed her tits. As he teased her tits he said, "I loved watching you suck Lynn's pussy." Traci moaned happily as Jim continued teasing her tits. After a while longer Jim asked, "Did you like sucking her pussy?"

"Yes," Traci moaned excitedly.

Jim worked his way down her stomach and took a long turn sucking her pussy. He brought her close to orgasm but stopped before she came. Instead, he crawled between her spread thighs and sank his cock deeply inside her pussy. They fucked long and slow until Traci's orgasm started. She let out a long, low moan as her orgasm started. Unlike the intense, wild orgasms the previous night, this one was gentle and tender and seemed to be more a slow release than a wild crescendo. After the wild night they just shared this was the perfect way to start the day. Soon after Traci finished cumming Jim started a similarly satisfying and sensual orgasm. 

The rest of the day passed in a happy daze. He and Traci showered together and lounged around house relaxing. They chatted a lot about what had happened the previous few weeks. Jim still couldn't believe what had happened or how far things went. Traci said she was surprised by how much she enjoyed it and how intense the sensations were. Jim asked if she enjoyed being in a group like last night more or if she enjoyed fucking Lynn more. To his great delight Traci said that she wasn't sure and added that she might need more times to figure it out.

After more happy joking and teasing like this they did have a more serious discussion about their new situation. Jim wanted to be sure that Traci was OK with everything that had happened. Mostly, he wanted to be sure she didn't have any issues with him fucking Gwen. During their three-way fucks with Lynn, Traci always seemed to find a way to let Jim know she wanted him to fuck Lynn. Things were a little different last night and Jim wanted to make sure he hadn't crossed a line with Gwen. Traci assured him that she loved everything that had happened. 

"Did it make you jealous to watch me and Lynn?" she asked.

"No," Jim answered. "I thought it was wild and exciting."

"It was the same for me watching you with Gwen," she said. She then added, "As long as they we are together enjoying the moment and not keeping any secrets, I won't feel upset or jealous." She paused a moment before raising an eyebrow and asking, "Would you feel different if I had been with a guy instead of Lynn?" Traci asked.

Jim thought for a moment and then replied, "No, I guess not."

"Well," Traci added with a drop dead sexy smile, "maybe someday you'll get a chance to find out."

"Really? You would want that?" Jim asked.

"Maybe," Traci teased. "Who knows what might happen? Would you have ever guessed we would actually do something like last night?"

They laughed and relaxed on the couch as Jim picked up the remote control and looked for something good to watch on TV. After a few minutes they found a movie they wanted to see and settled down to watch.

For the next couple of weeks Jim was amazed at how things simultaneously felt normal and completely new and different. Jim and Traci went back to work and resumed their normal work week routine just like always. However, at home their sex life was energized by their latest poker game and everything else that had happened recently. Jim felt confident and sexy in a way he hadn't felt before. He felt like he could conquer the world.

Nearly three weeks passed before Lynn invited them to another poker night at her place. They immediately said yes and eagerly looked forward to the night. When the day finally arrived Lynn called and asked if they could come over a little early to help her get ready. She had a meeting at work run late and so was behind in her preparations.  

They knocked on Lynn's door and she answered with a wide smile. She gave both of them warm, lingering hugs and thanked them for coming early to help her out. She was dressed in sweatpants and a T-shirt and apologized for her appearance saying she hadn't had time to change yet. 

Jim and Traci pitched in with the preparations. Based on the number of glasses she had out and the amount of snack food she had on hand, Jim guessed that Lynn was expecting at least a few more guests tonight. He tried to figure out who else might be coming but didn't have too much time to think before Lynn gave him another task. Lynn could always be counted on to be on time, but she always waited until the last minute to frantically finish getting ready.

The same was true for this party. At the very last minute Lynn took a quick shower and got dressed for the party. Jim and Traci waited in the living room and in typical Lynn style she stepped out of her bedroom just as the front doorbell rang. As Lynn moved to the door Jim admired her outfit. Again she had selected a pair of spike heeled shoes that made her ass wiggle seductively under her sexy skirt. 

Lynn's outfit tonight almost looked like one of the business suits she wore to work, but this one was far sexier than anything she would ever wear to work. Her skirt fit her snugly and stopped several inches over her knees. A slit ran up the front of her left thigh and showed off perfectly teasing glimpses when she walked. Her silk top dipped low in front and displayed a teasing view of her cleavage. Her short hair was perfectly done and, in short, Lynn looked completely stunning. It seemed to Jim like she walked toward the door in slow motion. He was so anxious to see who else had arrived that he couldn't wait for her to answer the door.

Lynn opened the door and happily greeted the new guest. Jim heard some laughing but couldn't make out what they were saying. Lynn came back into the living room leading the new arrival. "Jim," Lynn started, "I think you already know Joan. Joan this is Traci."

Jim was completely shocked. Of all the people he thought he might see, one of his co-workers was not one of them. He and Joan used to work in the same department until a recent reorganization moved her to a different department. He remembered Lynn and Joan being friendly to each other in the office, but he never had seen them go out socially or do anything together outside the office. Until this moment he would have guessed that Lynn and Joan were simply work acquaintances. "Hi," Jim said with a nervous laugh.

"Yeah, same here," Joan looked just as surprised to see Jim. She replied with her own nervous hello and shot a suspicious look at Lynn.

Lynn smiled and said, "Come on, don't look so shocked. After all, we all used to work together right?"

Traci helped break the moment by getting up and shaking Joan's hand. They chatted for a bit and recalled that they had met at a company party about a year ago. As they talked all three women went into the kitchen to fix a round of drinks. Jim pondered Joan's arrival with interest. He was having a hard time getting over the fact that someone he worked with was here, but then he thought a little more about Joan and something curious and exciting jumped into his mind. 

He didn't have any proof, but it was commonly thought around work that Joan was a lesbian. She did have two kids, but they were from a previous marriage that had ended a long time ago. Currently she lived with another woman Jim knew who was openly gay. Joan never gave any indication that they were more than platonic roommates, but the fact that they often hung out together and that Joan never talked about dating guys since Jim had known her led him to think she might be gay.

In addition, Joan happened to fit just about every stereotype of a lesbian. She played softball and generally carried herself with a tomboy look and attitude. She was good looking if not a total knockout. Freckles covered Joan's face and her straight black hair came down just below her shoulders. She had an athletic body that wasn't particularly toned or lean, but you could tell she was fit and in decent shape.

The four of them chatted for a while longer before the doorbell rang again. Lynn hopped up to answer it and Jim heard some happy chatting at the door before Lynn came back. Jim felt a rush of excitement when Gwen and another young woman followed Lynn into the room. Jim had hoped that Gwen would again be a participant. He hoped for the chance to suck and caress her tits and had especially fantasized about seeing her and Traci together. Lynn introduced Gwen to Joan, and then Gwen introduced everyone to Beth, the woman who came in with her.

At first glance Jim thought they might be sisters because Beth was similar to Gwen in appearance. Just like Gwen, Beth's most eye-catching feature was her huge tits. Beth was taller than Gwen and rivaled Lynn's impressive height. She had broad shoulders and wasn't at all overweight, but she was definitely a big girl. Gwen said that Beth was a friend of hers from high school and was just finishing her senior year in college.

Beth smiled as she greeted everyone and pushed her long, straight blonde hair back behind her ears. Lynn made sure that everyone had fresh drinks as Beth made small talk with the others. They all chatted and got to know each other a bit while Lynn made sure everyone's drinks stayed full and occasionally got up to change the music on the stereo. 

Eventually, Lynn commented that the group all here. Jim felt a quick surge of excitement at the idea that this was everyone who was coming. He looked around the table and couldn't believe his good fortune. Here he was on the verge of what promised to be a wild night of fucking and he was sitting around the table with five good looking, sexy women. Aside from Beth and Gwen's similar appearance the others were very different in appearance and yet very appealing and sexy. Everyone had dressed up for the night and Jim admired how sexy the women looked. With the exception of Joan, all of their outfits showed at least a little cleavage. Gwen and Beth each wore similar mini skirts that barely covered their asses. Just like Lynn, they both wore shoes with tall heels that made them look even sexier as they moved about the apartment. 

Lynn was the oldest person in the room. The next oldest was likely Joan, but even she was perhaps only a couple years older than Jim and Traci. Her outfit was the most conservative of the group, but Jim noticed little touches that he didn't normally see from her. Her top wasn't revealing, but it was a snug fit. Her clothes at work were usually very conservative, and Jim found himself admiring the shapely outline of her tits under her tight top. Similarly, her pants were much more form fitting than anything he'd seen her wear before. Her shoes had short, chunky heels, but they were enough to show off her ass as she walked around. Her hair was down tonight and Jim tried to remember the last time he had seen her without her hair pulled back into a ponytail. Joan, like the rest of the women, looked great and everyone seemed to be getting along very well as the group laughed and chatted easily. Jim couldn't wait to see how this night would end up.

After a while, and several rounds of drinks, Lynn briefly disappeared into the bedroom. When she reappeared with a deck of cards Jim felt a nervous energy and excitement fill the room. Traci leaned toward Joan and asked, "Have you ever done anything like this before?" Joan shook her head no and they shared a nervous, excited giggle.

Lynn made sure everyone had a full drink and then asked, "Is everyone ready?" Conversations became a little more nervous and excited as everyone moved to the dining room table. Jim took a seat between Traci and Beth and glanced excitedly around the table at the others.

"Thank you all for coming to my poker night," Lynn said with a flourish. "Now, before we get started I want everyone to know that if you aren't comfortable with this that you can say so, no hard feelings." She paused and looked around the table with a slightly drunken, excited expression and then added, "I think this is going to be a lot of fun, but I want to make sure everyone is comfortable."

Nobody said anything so Lynn continued, "Now, to make this game even more fun, I found a special deck of cards." Lynn explained the ground rules for the poker game as she shuffled the cards. Jim glanced down and read the box the cards had been in. The box read "Foreplay Cards" and underneath in smaller letters it read "Great for couples or groups". Jim felt a tingle run down his back straight to his cock as he remembered the story Traci had told him about how the woman at the adult store had told Lynn these cards were great for groups.

Lynn's rules were fairly simple - they would play a simple game of poker. There wouldn't be any pot or raises. Everyone would receive five cards and would have the chance to trade out up to three. Whoever ended with the best hand would be the winner and whoever had the worst hand would be the loser. The winner would have their choice of actions listed on their cards. She showed the others what the cards looked like and Jim noticed that each card had a direction listed on it. 

He couldn't wait to read what the cards said and he was so distracted reading the cards after they were dealt that he had a hard time concentrating on the game. Most of the cards had simple commands like "have partner remove one article of clothes" and one card said that the person should dance erotically while they strip out of one article. Jim was now distracted both from reading his cards and by being so wildly excited by what was happening. He had a hard time focusing on the game.

The room became fairly quiet as everyone studied their cards and looked at each other nervously. Not surprisingly, Lynn seemed the most comfortable. Lynn was clearly the leader of the group in this adventure, and her body language showed she was excited and eager to get started. She playfully teased and chatted with the others. Other than Lynn, it was perhaps Joan who looked the most comfortable. She seemed a little nervous, but there was a playful, lust-filled expression in her eyes that showed she was ready to play. There was no mistaking the excited tension that filled the room as everyone anxiously waited for what was about to happen. 

Jim's mind reeled excitedly. Sure, he had already played a game just like this with Gwen and Lynn with amazing results, but now it felt new and exciting again with Beth and Joan joining the fun. The very idea that he was about to see all these women naked and would likely get to fuck some of them was almost more than he could believe. He shot a quick glance toward Traci who sat to his left. They briefly made eye contact and Traci gave him an excited smile. There was a deep, wild look in her eyes that showed him she was very excited.

Not surprisingly, Lynn won the first hand. She studied her cards and the one she selected surprised Jim. Gwen was the loser and so Jim expected Lynn to have Gwen do something, but instead Lynn said, "Well, since I got you all into this, I guess it's fair I start things off."

Lynn stood up as Gwen leaned forward and picked up the card Lynn selected. "Remove one piece of your own clothes," Gwen read. All eyes turned to Lynn who slowly pulled her top up and over her head before she dropped it on the floor behind her. Jim stared hungrily at her bra and tits. Lynn's bra was black, lacy, and sexy as hell. The cups were so low and so much of the upper parts of her tits were exposed that Jim was amazed he couldn't see her nipples. The bra also lifted her tits and amplified her cleavage.

Traci lost the next hand and Jim anxiously waited to see what Beth would decide to do. Beth read the card she selected, "Remove one article from partner." Beth walked behind Jim to where Traci sat. Jim watched in wild excitement as Traci stood up and Beth slowly unbuttoned her top. When all the buttons were open Beth moved behind Traci and pulled her shirt off her shoulders and down her arms. Before she moved back to her seat Beth lightly ran her fingertips over Traci's shoulders causing Traci to shudder excitedly.

The next hand was a repeat result, and this time Beth selected a card that told Traci to dance erotically out of one article. Lynn quickly got up and put on what she said would be "more appropriate" music. As Lynn returned to the room her stereo started playing a sexy soul song with a deep, slow bass beat.

Traci paused for a moment and then took a deep breath and stood up. Her dancing started slow and uncertain but became more confident as she continued. She very teasingly unbuttoned her pants and slowly worked them down her legs as she swayed her hips and ass seductively. Jim had seen her wear this bra and panty set before and knew it was something she only selected on very special occasions. The bra was almost as skimpy as Lynn's and was bright red, Traci called it "fuck me" red. The matching panties weren't quite a thong, but they were very skimpy in back and left a lot of her ass exposed. The small amount of material covering her pussy barely contained her dark pussy hair. She looked hot as hell and Jim stared at his wife lustfully as she finished her dance and took her seat.
