 All characters appearing in the following narrative are fictional. Any resemblance to any real persons - either living or deceased - is entirely coincidental on the part of the Author. Unless otherwise noted all persons appearing in the narrative are written as being of the majority age of eighteen years owing to depictions of graphic sexual activity contained throughout the body of this work.

*****

Heather was absolutely fuming! It was bad enough that her Mother's date for tonight had fallen through, but Tony's on again / off again, self-absorbed, bitch of a girlfriend had turned up yesterday. From the sounds drifting out of his bedroom last night Heather was willing to say that their relationship was most definitely 'on' again. As if that slut walking bow-legged to the breakfast table had not been a dead giveaway. Tony had refused - flatly - to cancel tonight's poker game despite these unforeseen little mishaps. Heather had cornered him in the upstairs hallway and questioned him on what the two of them were supposed to do about it. His well thought out answer involved her 'winging it'. If she had not forced herself to remain abstinent since the last poker game she might have worked up the courage to tell him just what it was that he could do with that suggestion. . .

The disposable razor rasped along and left another clear patch in its wake. Heather watched as her red curls of pubic hair fell upon the toilet seat and the floor and Chloe plied it between her legs.

"Not too damn much," she said. "I'm not trying out for any adult movies."

"As much as you enjoy fucking, I cannot for the life of me figure out why not?" Chloe answered with a smile and a wink.

The grooming lasted another five minutes before Heather's friend stood up from where she had been sitting on the edge of the bath tub and rinsed the razor under warm water at the sink. Heather walked over to stand in front of the mirror and turned a little circle as she gazed at the neatly trimmed line of hair that had been left for her. It looked so much better after a little cleaning up. She just had never trusted herself with anything sharp near her pussy. Chloe - having done more to her than a trim in the past - had not blinked an eye when she had shown up and immediately been pressed into duty as a barber. 

"You sure that you don't want. . ." Heather vaguely gestured between the other girl's legs.

"No. No worries there. I keep it clean just in case." Chloe answered and then walked out of the bathroom and into Heather's bedroom. Her nice little heart-shaped ass bouncing along in one of her pairs of 'fuck me' denim short-shorts. Heather enjoyed the view for a few seconds. Remembering a few summer sleep overs when curiosity - and a lack of male companionship - had meant that the two of them had been forced to work out their raging hormones and sexual frustrations in ways that were not exactly acceptable. Heather had tried calling in a couple of other friends but none of them had been available. Most of them either not being on birth control, or being too close to their periods to chance what she had been talking about between them since her own experience.

Once back inside her own bedroom Heather shed her remaining street clothes. Tossing her own short-shorts onto a pile of laundry, quickly consigning her bra and t-shirt there a few second later. Her window was open and she enjoyed the feeling of the evening breeze blowing in through it and across her exposed skin. It raised goose bumps. Chloe watched her from the comfort of her canopy bed, one finger drifting down between her parted legs to play at the stretch of denim still covering her sex. Heather had recruited Chloe almost from the start. The only one of her friends that enjoyed sex as much as she did. Also the only one that lost her virginity before Heather had done so! Ever since it had almost seemed like a contest between the two of them. Which one could have the most 'good' sex before taking off for college in the fall? It turned out to be a pretty close heat but Heather's little poker night gang bang had given her a small lead. She also had not told Chloe about letting Tony have her anal cherry. Not yet anyway.

Reaching into her nightstand Heather pulled out a couple of small boxes of condoms. Chloe swore she was on the pill but sometimes you just could not be too careful. She passed one to her friend. The box was quickly discarded and the foil wrapped rubbers vanished into one of the pockets of her shorts. Heather then proceeded to remove her pair of crotch-less panties that had gone over so very well the last time around, and its matching bra. Chloe watched as she put it all on and then took another look at herself in the mirror.

"If I were a guy, I'd fuck you," offered Chloe.

"You're not a guy, and you have fucked me," fired back Heather. A rather vivid memory of a particular gel appliance with two heads on it on one of those afore mentioned summer nights. The fact that the two of them had fucked each other was not brought up, therefore Heather pulled on some hip-hugging Capri style pants and a halter top that showed off the flat plain of her stomach and barely managed to contain her tits. Chloe was looking just a little put off at the finished product until Heather reached into another drawer and pulled out a non-descript black shopping bag and dropped it between her parted legs.

"You did not honestly think that I was going to leave you out, did you?" She asked her friend even as the other girl began pulling out laced and frilly panties with an assortment of matching bras. They all belonged to Heather but the two girls were of such a similar size that they had never had a hard time fitting into one another's clothes. 

Several moments later they were both dressed and just finishing off the last touches to their make-up. Chloe had opted for a pearl-white set of high-cut, lace, panties and their matching bra. Heather had almost laughed at the idea of her friend thinking to wear white. It had been so long since either of them had been virgins it was difficult to remember what it felt like to actually be afraid of having sex! The last touch-ups to their make-ups complete the two young women headed down the stairs together and made a hurried beeline for the game room and the noise of several guys' playing cards. The game might already be underway, but shit was about to get a whole lot more interesting for everyone involved. . .

Tony watched the looks on the faces of each of his fraternity brothers as Heather and her friend Chloe walked in from the other room. His little sister was looking incredibly fuck-able in Capri pants and a halter top. Both of which had been strategically cut to tease the guys around the table with glimpses of her lingerie. Her red hair was combed out straight and fell like a flaming waterfall over the sweet, tight, curves of her ass. Her friend, in a similar get up, was all legs as she entered in Heather's wake. Ebony hair and cream skin that danced under the light fixture hanging over the table. Her tits were a little bigger but that only added to the sudden attraction Tony was feeling. To say nothing of the growing hardness between his own legs. Mike and Pete were returning for tonight's game. They had not even blinked at the hundred dollar buy in. Eric - thankfully - was a no show. Anton was unavailable owing to spending the weekend boning his own girlfriend back on campus. So, Tony had decided to bring in Ian and Tully. Two of the more promising pledges that had survived thus far. Tonight they were allowed into the game but were also acting as 'beer wenches'. 

Heather swore a string of oaths colorful enough to make a sailor blush! She had won another hand. And on a shitty three-of-a-kind to boot. Chloe just giggled as her low pair meant that something else had to come off. The lucky bitch was already out of her shirt and her creamy white tits were just begging for some attention. Since Tony had the second highest hand - the two girls having already agreed between them to keep it 'vanilla' - was going to enjoy some of her favors while the next hand was dealt. She watched as her friend stood up and walked around the table. Dipping a hand into each player's crotch as she passed them. No doubt checking to see if they were ready when, and if, there turn came along. Heather had assured Chloe that every guy at the table was going to go away happy tonight. For what they were paying to drink domestic beer and smoke cheap cigars they damn well better.

Tony gasped audibly as Chloe sank down in front of him and opened the fly of his jean shorts. She wasn't but a minute before she had fished his stiffening dick out of his boxers and then launched into giving him a very good hand job! He only hoped that his girlfriend did not walk in on them. Harper was a sweet girl but she had never gotten past 'missionary' sex. She never offered Tony this sort of foreplay and the idea of giving a guy oral was alien - and repugnant - to her.

"Oh shit," he whispered as his head rolled back. Chloe dipped her head down and swallowed the head of his penis.

"Mm. . .Mph . . . . Mm . . . . Mph . . . . Mm," came the noises rising from under the table.

Groaning from the skilled pleasure and attention that Chloe was paying to his cock, Tony waved off his cards as Pete dealt the next hand. Chloe never quit moving her hand and even though she never chanced more than the head, and an inch or two of his shaft, in her mouth it was the best head he had ever gotten. It could not have been more than five minutes before Tony felt his cum bubbling up from his balls! He signaled Chloe as to what was happening but she never stopped and rhythmically began swallowing every spurt of semen he sprayed against the roof of her mouth and the back of her throat. She did not stand back up until he was finished and she had swallowed everything that Tony had to offer. He was still gasping as she smiled down at him.

"Where the fuck did you learn to do that?" Tony finally managed to ask.

"Popsicles. Your sweet sister and I practiced on popsicles starting when we were twelve." Her smile was more lustful than one of genuine mirth.

"But popsicles fucking melt," he observed?

"So did you Tony." She said over her shoulder as she returned to her spot at the table and picked up her cards for the next hand.

The game was progressing well. At least Heather liked to think so. Her winning streak had ended and she had presented Mike with a blow job to rival the one that Chloe had administered to her brother. A few beers and one cigar later she was stripped to just her Capri pants and her underwear. Chloe was down to her bra and panties and had shared her unique foreplay skills with every guy around the table. Treats for which, aside from her share of the 'House', had earned her a twenty dollar tip from the other guys crowding around the table. Heather was pleasantly surprised to find out that the two newbies were decent players and that once their own clothes had started to come off that they were both nicely put together. The fact that neither of them was wanting in the penis department had not hurt her over all critique either. Thankfully, when that bitch Harper had walked in she had been dumb enough to believe that the seven of them were just having a friendly game of 'strip poker'. She had immediately declined the offer to join and had excused herself to Tony's room. Apparently it was getting late and she wanted to go to bed.

This hand the cards had not been in her favor and the little slut inside of her was dancing for joy as Heather shed her Capris and then inched her panties down to tease everyone with the sight of her newly trimmed mound. Ian and Tully had never seen it before but the reaction of the other three guys was worth it. While it had not looked bad before. What pussy did to a table full of horny men? Her new 'landing strip' had a couple of hands reaching for some stiffening dicks as she pulled the panties back up and then sat back down. Chloe's hand was lower than her own so her panties and bra went into the pot with the promise of the next winner getting her 'pot'. Ian was visibly sweating as he dealt the cards and threw in a few more chips. Tully was trying to focus on his beer and Pete was suffering from target fixation. His eyes never leaving the crumpled wad of silk and lace that was now in the center of the table.

The two horny young women did not get to celebrate too soon however. Those accursed gods of chance and luck were smiling down on them as they carried the next several hands between the two of them. Sure. The one with the lower hand still had to lose some clothes, but they had not had to 'perform' as promised. Tony had demonstrated some remarkable skill when his low pair had sent him tongue, teeth, and lips first into Chloe's bald honey-pot! She had ridden his face and cum a river but oral was a far cry from intercourse. Heather had enjoyed some similar treatment from both Tully and Pete. Tully was eager but his inexperience had been evident and she had ended up giving him directions. Heather had enjoyed the attention, but had not climaxed. Pete however had refreshed her memory as to his oral skills and brought her to one orgasm and very nearly another before someone had reminded him that they were playing a game. Breathless and with her inner thighs sticky from her own juices Heather had stared daggers at Tony for stopping his friend before she had gotten off a second time!

Heather wanted to crow and jump for joy! Just such displays might be frowned upon since her brother still seemed clueless to just how horny she was and that these little poker games of his were fast becoming her favorite means of physical release. She casually tossed her low pair onto the table and easily stepped out of her bra. Her ivory white tits bounced as she did so and every eye around the table was fixed on them. Chloe stuck out her bottom lip in a practiced pout but her two pair meant that she was not getting fucked first. Ian smiled shyly as he laid down a full-house, Queens and Aces, in order to secure the hand. Heather eyed him as he stood up and walked around the table in order to claim his 'prize'. Of the two new guys he was most definitely the better hung. If she were forced to venture a guess she might have said seven inches. The diameter was probably half of that. Either way she looked at it this was going to be good!

"Hop up," Ian said as he slapped the top of the table with the palm of his hand.

Heather did so but she kept her legs together. Preventing him from looking at her. His work-roughened hands ran over the smooth skin of her thighs though and the touch caused her to erupt in goose flesh. He traced a finger over the flat plain of her stomach and then teased the nipple of each of her tits. The oral she had gotten earlier, as well as what she had already given, had her turned on and ready but Heather had waited a while and wanted her eager young stud to last. She reached down and encircled his swelling dick in her hand. She was pleased, and just a little intimidated, to see that she could not close her fingers! Maybe she had miscalculated and this was going to be a tighter fit than she had first imagined. Ian groaned as she began to rub up and down the length of him.

"Nice," he gasped as Heather rolled his balls with her other hand. His own fingers had drifted to the closed 'V' of her legs and tickled through her curled pubic hair until her legs had begun to part of their own accord. Once there was room enough those long, thin digits had not hesitated before finding her opening and sinking themselves into the building heat and tightness of her snatch.

"Ohhh," breathed Heather. "More." She heard someone say only to realize that it had been her own weak voice. Her legs were wide apart now and she had released Ian so that she could lay back on the table. In essence offering herself to him.

Ian guided the head of his penis to Heather's opening and teased it up and down her slit a few times, coating it liberally in her natural lube. With every pass she grunted and tried to position herself so that he would finally sink inside of her. Ian was canny enough to avoid that and pressed the swollen head against the bud of her clitoris until she cried out though. Heather bucked her hips and Ian, smiling at her desperate need, finally consented by pressing against her opening until he sank through her inner folds to be engulfed in the warmth and tightness of her canal.

"Ohhh! Yesss," groaned Heather as she was stretched open in order to accommodate him. He was indeed larger than she had first thought and from the flat of her back she was able to look down the length of her own body to where Ian was feeding a seemingly endless number of inches of rock solid cock into her hungering hole!

"Christ she is fucking tight," Ian said in amazement. "I can barely get it inside of her!" In fact he had reached the bottom of Heathers vagina and she could feel that marvelous instrument rubbing against her cervix. She wrapped her legs around him and pressed her heels into his ass, effectively trapping him inside of her. She then treated him to several contractions of her PC muscles. In essence doing her level best to milk a load of cum out of him.

Tony was no longer shocked by his little sister's wanton behaviors. It made it a lot easier to watch Ian sliding his shaft between her legs when she was thrashing and groaning and calling for more cock now that he knew how much she enjoyed sex. To say nothing of the stories she had shared with him about what she had done - and allowed to be done to her - prior to that first game that she had sat in on. He looked across the table to Heather's friend, Chloe and was not shocked to see that she had Pete and Mike vying for the attentions of her willing mouth even as she was sinking her own eager fingers into her sopping snatch! His own dick was rock hard and he knew that he needed to nut one off before he burst. The only question remaining was which of these eager young sluts was going to get his load tonight?

Chloe hummed around each of the two cocks in her mouth and vigorously fingered at her own cunt! Paying close attention to her own hot clit and oozing slit as Pete and Mike took it in turns to fuck her mouth. No doubt they would like a go at her box but until they wrapped the goods there was no way in hell they were getting between her legs. Heather had told her that she had made sure that the guys knew to wear condoms too. Suddenly her pussy spasm around her fingers and her first, small, orgasm swept through her. It was not overwhelming so Chloe was able to continue pleasuring the two guys as she wetted her fingers, palm, and the seat underneath her. Pete was in her mouth as she came and he stiffened, swelled against the pressure of her tongue, and groaned something inaudible as he began filling her mouth with his warm, thick seed.

"I'm going to cum," gasped Mike as Chloe was coming down from her own sudden climax and was giving him a hand job.

With a mouth filled with spewing dick she very well could not say anything so Chloe opted for aiming the head of Mike's member toward her tits even as he too began to shoot. Thick ropes of cum soon splashed across her naked tits and were running down the flat plain of her stomach. She continued milking him until only a few drops were left on the tip of that magnificent specimen. Pete withdrew from between her lips. His last ropey discharge left dangling from her lower lip and chin. With a wicked and horny gleam in her eye she sucked it in like a spaghetti noodle and made a production of swallowing it along with the rest of the mouthful he had deposited.

Heather mewled and groaned! Thrashed and bucked atop the poker table as Ian delighted in feeding her long and deep strokes from his cock! Each time it felt as though someone was fucking her with a stout iron bar and her hungry quim was doing its utmost to hold it inside of her. She had never had a cock this large inside of her and the full-to-hurting feeling was fast pushing her toward an orgasm. Ian made sure to press clear to the bottom of her with every inward stroke. The girth of him was such that she was stretched completely open therefore her clitoris was rubbed every time he thrust against the font of her sex. Two of her own fingers had crept between them and Heather was hungrily pushing those into her own backdoor. The sensation of being filled in both of her holes was too much though and her orgasm roared through her!
