 Editor's note: this story contains gay male content. If this does not interest you, please read no further.

This is a true story, but names have been changed to protect those involved.

-------------------------------------

My name is Chuck. I'm 38 years old, clean cut, 6-3, 215 lbs, and have a shaved head. My friends name is Bill and his wife's name is Stephanie. Bill and I have been friends for about 15 years. We've remained friends through marriages and divorces. 

Stephanie is Bill's new wife. She is amazingly hot, 28 years old, 5-4, 115 lbs, heavily tattooed, dirty blond hair, and green eyes. She has D cup fake tits and her body and ass are absolutely amazing. Bill is 36 years old, 6-2, 240 lbs, shaved head and also has a lot of tattoo's. 

After meeting Stephanie for the first time, we hit it off right away. We have a lot in common, so naturally we started casually text messaging each other, which eventually turned to sex talk. The sex talk started off innocently, but after time she confided enough in me to tell me some deep dark secrets, as I did back to her. 

One day while texting, I told Stephanie that I consider myself as "kinky." I told her one of my favorite sexual things is to have the woman stick her finger in my asshole while she is giving me head. Stephanie told me that she and Bill are also kinky and that they have been experimenting with new things. One point that I remember specifically is that she said she has a fantasy of watching Bill have sex with another man. She confessed that she recently introduced Bill to strap on sex. 

She said, "Bill really loves it." 

Without thinking, I responded, "I would probably love it too." 

At that point she seemed very surprised. I took that moment to tell her that most men have fantasized about other men at some point in their life, and I am no different. She agreed and said women are the same way. She even confessed that she had a girlfriend in high school, not a boyfriend. 

After a few months of texting, Stephanie asked if I would want to come over to their house and play some poker with her and Bill. I said sure, so we made plans for Saturday night. I showed up at their front door at 8 sharp. I was a little nervous because I kind of knew something was going to happen, but I wasn't sure what it was. But if something did happen, I knew it was going to be something I've never done before. 

Bill answered the door. We gave each other a hand shake and I handed him the 12 pack of beer I brought with me. I closed the door behind me and followed Bill through the living room and into the kitchen. When I rounded the corner, I saw Stephanie sitting at the kitchen table. She stood up and greeted me with a warm hug, told me to grab a beer out of the refrigerator and then join her and Bill at poker. I walked past Stephanie toward the fridge, but Bill already had a beer out and handed it to me. I turned around and headed back to the kitchen table where Stephanie was sitting with a deck of cards. 

As I walked to the table, I glanced at Stephanie and saw that she was wearing a black tube top and very small white shorts. The shorts were so small that they left nothing to the imagination. I sat down and we played poker for about 2 hours. Just innocent poker, nothing more.

After we were all tired of playing, Bill said to me, "Steph has told me all about your text conversations." 

I was immediately taken by surprise as Stephanie and I both agreed to keep our conversations secret. All I could think about was the jealousy that Bill has shown in his past marriages, and how he likes to fight with guys who look at his woman in a sexual way. I figured I would now have to listen to his bullshit, or fight my way to my car. 

"She's a little too honest with you sometimes", he said.

I told him, "We have both probably been a little too honest. It got carried away."

Bill immediately interrupted me and said, "I'm cool with it."

I asked, "You are?"

"Yeah. I'm not jealous anymore", he said.

He went on to explain how he and Stephanie have a different relationship than he has had with past women. He told me that his communication is much better now and that they tell each other everything. Not only daily life issues, but sexual desires as well. He told me that he and Stephanie had just recently enjoyed their first trip to a nudist colony and they have talked about going to a swingers club so Stephanie can fulfill one of her fantasies of having people watch them have sex. He also said he knows that Stephanie has told me about their new sexual adventures and that he was relieved to hear that he is not the only straight man to have attractions to other men. 

I told Bill, "After knowing you all these years, I have a hard time imagining you any other way than to be protective of Stephanie."

Bill looked at Stephanie and said, "Show him your tits, Honey."

Stephanie instantly pulled her tube top down, exposing the most beautiful set of fake titties I've ever seen! I tried to act calm and nonchalant, but I was secretly jumping out of my skin with enjoyment. I tried to look into her eyes when I talked to her, without success. 

I asked her, "You don't have a problem showing me your tits?"

"Nope. After the few times we've been to the sun club, I'm used to it now."

Stephanie began to explain that she and Bill have talked about her past lesbian relationship. She told him how society constrains men to mark themselves as either straight or gay, but women are accepted as bisexual or bi-curious. The fact that Bill enjoys strap on sex doesn't mean he is gay. It just means he likes anal sex, nothing more. But over the last few months, Bill has expressed an interest in having a bisexual threesome with another man.

For some unknown reason, at this point I began to feel comfortable discussing my bi-curiosity. So, I told them both that I enjoy fantasizing about other men, but going any further is not in my comfort zone right now. I told them that now that I'm single again, exploring new areas interests me. But, I have to get past my mental hang ups before I can go any further. I offered to watch them have sex if they wanted me to. I guess I figured telling them this would back them off a little. 

We talked for awhile longer, drinking beer and discussing sex. During her last comment, Stephanie suggested we all go upstairs to the master bedroom. 

Bill and I agreed and walked upstairs. Bill and Stephanie headed toward the bed, and I excused myself to the bathroom. While taking a piss, I was getting excited at the thought of watching them have sex. When I was done, I went back into the bedroom and saw both of them naked on the bed! Stephanie was laying on her back and Bill was laying on his stomach, eating her pussy!

I quietly walked across the room and sat in a rocking chair that was at the foot of the bed. I was so nervous. I had a million things running through my mind. I was a little embarrassed because this is the first time people were having sex in front of me, but also a little nervous because I was unsure of what was about to happen.

While Bill was continuing to eat Stephanie's pussy, she looked across the bed at me and said, "Come closer." 

I walked to the side of the bed and stood there for a moment like an idiot. Bill was still taking care of business, and I had the best view of the most beautiful, cleanly shaven, bald pussy I have ever seen! Stephanie's incredible body and fake tits were a sight to see. 

Stephanie looked at me and said, "Hey silly. Take your clothes off and lay down next to me." 

Bill hadn't said anything to me at this point, so I still had no confirmation from him that Stephanie's order was good with him. I nervously took my shoes, socks and shirt off and placed them on the rocking chair. I went back to Stephanie's side and laid down on the bed next to her left side. I watched as Bill continued to eat away, but couldn't help but think that I am now laying in a bed with this woman who I've been lusting over for the past year. 

I was quickly thrust out of my trance when she grabbed my hand and placed in on her left breast. So soft and full, nipple erect. I slowly began to pinch her beautiful nipple between my thumb and index finger. I looked down at Bill and noticed that he was watching my hand while he savored Stephanie's juices. Stephanie turned her head away from me and quietly moaned as she enjoyed the feeling of two men touching her at the same time. I released her nipple and started softly massaging her entire breast with my hand. My cock was now completely hard inside my pants.

Bill released his mouth from Stephanie's cunt long enough to ask her, "Why are his clothes still on?"

There was my confirmation! I jumped off the bed, stripped completely naked and got back onto the bed in less than two seconds flat!

Stephanie reached down with her left hand and found my rock hard cock. I was so turned on that the pre-cum was literally oozing from the head of my penis as she began to stroke my cock slowly. I looked at Stephanie's face and saw that she was watching herself give me a hand job. I assumed that this is the first time she has had a new cock in her hand since marrying Bill, which turned me on even more. 

"I love how leaky you are." She said as her hand slid up and down my shaft with ease.

"Sorry about that", I said.

"Don't be sorry. That is the tastiest part." She said.

A few minutes had passed when Bill looked up at Stephanie and asked, "Do you want to see me hold it, Honey?"

Before she could answer, Bill replaced his hand with Stephanie's. This is first man to hold my manhood. My long time buddy was now gripping my cock with his right hand while he continued to perform oral on Stephanie. I watched his face and saw him take frequent looks at my cock. 

I rolled to my back to give Bill a better angle, and so Stephanie and I could watch as Bill held my penis in his hand. He ran his tight grip up and onto my circumcised penis head, and then all the way down to my balls. Bill has been masturbating for years as all males do, and it was clearly apparent because he was hitting all the right places. The head of my cock is so sensitive and his hand was hitting its mark with every stroke. My pre-cum began to lather between the webs of Bill's fingers as he moved his hand up and down continuously on my shaft. The veins on my cock were pulsating and my hips began to slowly thrust with every stroke of Bill's hand. 

Stephanie asked Bill, "Do you like how leaky Chuck is?"

Bill nodded in agreement.

She told Bill, "That's the best tasting part."

Bill held my cock still and quickly removed his mouth from Stephanie's crotch. He moved his body toward mine. Within moments, he was staring face to face with my rock hard penis. He slowly leaned over and lined his mouth up with the head of my cock. Stephanie and I watched in amazement as Bill stuck his tongue out and began licking the shaft of my cock, up and down. My long time buddy was now tasting my juices!

After he cleaned the shaft of my dick, Bill moved his body closer to mine and positioned his mouth above the tip of my penis. He slowly lowered his head down. His mouth made contact with me as my cock began to part his lips. I put my hand on the back of his head to help guide my manhood deep into his throat. I softly pushed down on his head and carefully thrust my hips upward. I watched as his lips slid down my cock nicely. 

Half way down, I could feel the head of my cock head stop at the back of his throat. Bill began to softly move his head up and down, sucking my cock as he held the base of my shaft with his right hand. I slid my right leg underneath his chest to put him directly between my legs. My feet were on the bed and my knees were up to give him a straight shot on my cock. Bill was now properly sucking his first cock and I was the happy recipient. 

Bill's rhythm began to quicken. He began to slide his hand up and down my shaft with every movement of his mouth. It felt so good! I was receiving an awesome blow job and couldn't control myself any longer! I placed both of my hands on the back of Bill's head and began to thrust my hips upwards with his rhythm, over and over again. My penis was in complete bliss!

I hadn't paid any attention to Stephanie after Bill began to blow me. I didn't even know if she was still in the same room with us. I was receiving an incredible cock sucking and didn't want it to end. But my curiosity got the best of me. I leaned my head backwards and saw Stephanie sitting with her back against the headboard, watching her husband give me head. She was vigorously slamming two fingers in and out of her sopping wet pussy. I could now hear her moaning in lust, enjoying every second of the awesome blow job taking place in front of her. 

I looked back down to watch Bill when all of a sudden, Stephanie began positioning herself over my face. A knee on each side of my head while she faced backward to see the progress her husband was making with his newly found talent. She pushed her beautiful pussy directly onto my mouth. My tongue and lips found her clit instantly. I started licking and sucking her cunt, focusing only on her clit with every bit of intensity that I could. 

I released Bill's head with my hands and reached over the top of Stephanie's body. My hands found her ass cheeks and pushed her body into my face. Stephanie began to moan loudly as she moved her hips forward and back, her cunt lips straddling my nose with every movement. The taste of Stephanie's bald pussy was amazing! Her juices began to build up on my face and dribble down the sides of my cheeks. 

After a short time, Stephanie threw her upper body forward and took ahold of the base of my cock. She and Bill began to stroke and suck my cock together, taking turns putting my cock down their throats. Feeling the pleasure from my mouth, Stephanie occasionally let out a loud gasp. Apparently I was doing it right, because it was obvious that she was unable to focus on both tasks at the same time.

I sucked her cunt lips into my mouth and quickly moved the tip of my tongue in a circular motion directly on her clit. Stephanie's body began to shudder uncontrollably and her focus on sucking my cock began to fade. She quickly rose up with her hands on the bed and her face pointed to the ceiling. I continued my relentless attention to her clit. Her hips and body continued to thrust and vibrate. 

Then all of a sudden there was silence. But the silence didn't last as Stephanie let out a loud scream! Her pussy began to spray streams of juices onto my face, filling my mouth with buckets of cunt juice! I was completely drenched! 

Stephanie's body began to slow and eventually stopped. She dismounted my face and threw herself on the bed next to me. She laid there completely exhausted, but her husband was still going to work on me with his hand and mouth. Stephanie's orgasm was so intense, I didn't realize he was still down there! 

The combination of Stephanie's orgasm and Bill working my cock properly, I was now ready to explode myself! My attention quickly shifted back to Bill. 

I was sweating profusely and could hardly catch my breath from all the hard work I had just put in to Stephanie. But, I could feel the cum rising up the shaft of my cock and my balls began to tighten. Bill could apparently sense the impending orgasm and took hold of my balls with an underhanded grip. 

I couldn't hold back any longer and yelled, "I'm gonna cum!"

Bill pulled my penis out of his mouth and pumped his hand up and down while he watched the tip of my cock intently. Without delay, the first load of semen shot from my cock into the air and landed on my stomach. Bill continued to milk my shaft as shot after shot exited my penis. My cum was running down his hand but he continued to stroke me. The head of my cock became so unbearably sensitive, I had to pull away.

I just laid there on my back with my eyes closed, sweating and breathing hard. I could feel movement on the bed. When I opened my eyes, I saw Bill kneeling over me, jerking off with his hard cock pointed at my chest. 

This is the first glimpse of his cock all night. His circumcised cock was about the size of mine, or slightly bigger. His veins were bulging out along his shaft and the head was purple. I wanted to help him cum like he had helped me, so I reached up and placed his cock into my hand. I slid back and forth on his manhood, masturbating for him. Bill quickly reached orgasm and shot loads of cum all over my chest.

We all collapsed on the bed together, but none of us with each other. About 10 minutes went by, so I got myself together and put my clothes back on. I said goodbye to both and showed myself to the door.

All in one night, a man touched me, tasted me, I touched him and I finally ate the pussy I have been craving for so long. I'm hoping to be invited over for poker again.