 The plan was set. Angel was going to fuck Greg tonight. Alicia explicitly instructed her to wear a bra, panties, skirt, and top. I wore regular clothes.

We got there in time for their pasta dinner. We sat Angel and Greg across from each other. Neither of them knew what we had planned.

Angel wore her tight translucent white blouse with a bright red lacy bra. She wore a black skirt that was so tight it showed her g-string lines, which were matching red. Did she know what we had planned? I think she was just used to dressing sexy.

We chatted during dinner, topics mostly falling on sex. 

"I have to have sex in the pool sometime," Alicia said. Angel and I met eyes. She looked at Greg and reddened a little.

"Would that be cause for eviction?"

"It closes at ten. They lock it up and the fence is enclosed. We could easily get over."

"I might have to sneak Angel over here someday," I said. I looked at her and asked, "Is this making you wet?"

She just flushed and said nothing.

Dinner was over. Alicia and I told them we'd clean up. I whispered to her, "Think she'll go for it?"

"She should. They've been watching each other. And besides, I thing our conversation is helping." She made a playful grab at my penis. I splashed water on her and finished drying the dishes. I stole a glance at them. They were sitting on separate sofas, glancing sidelong at each other, Angel's knees primly together like a catholic schoolgirl.

"Let's play." She went back to the couch. Angel was startled. Play usually meant getting hot wet and naked, at least around us it did.

"I don't know. Poker." She got out the bag of chips and a deck of cards. She pushed away the coffee table and we sat in a circle. We sat boy-girl-boy-girl so it wouldn't be weird. It was weird anyway.

She divvied up the chips and we played seven-card stud, then five-card draw. Angel, being a terrible bluff, lost first.

"I'm out of chips," she said.

Meanwhile I was sitting with most of them.

"Then you need to pay a fee." Alicia said. "What do you think, Michael? You won the last hand."

"I want her to kiss..." I looked around, as if deciding off the top of my head. "Greg."

Angel looked at me incredulously. 

I added, "On the lips. For five seconds."

Greg laughed. "Are you kidding?"

"Nope. Do it or I'll demand something else."

Angel warmed up to the idea. She leaned over and pressed her lips against Greg's. He held her face as they made out.

"Okay time!" Alicia giggled. "You were getting into it."

Next hand I took the rest of Greg's chips when he went all in.

"Okay, now you have to massage Angel's breasts for ten seconds," I said.

"Michael!" Angel looked at me.

"Well?" I asked.

She reddened. "Okay."

Greg sat behind her and took her nice, full, round breasts in his hands. She looked at me while he rolled them in his hands. She was enjoying it but trying not to show it.

"I think we need to up the ante." Alicia said, "Whoever wins gets to take one article of clothing from anyone they want. Each of us starts with four. Us girls got our underwear, shirts, and skirts. Guys have shirt, pants, underpants, and shoes."

Angel won the first hand. She wanted Alicia's shirt. She gladly gave it up.

"I feel much better now," she shook her hair out. Next hand Greg won and he wanted Angel's shirt. She grinned as she handed it over. Alicia and I made eye contact. It was going to work.

Next hand I won and I took Greg's shirt. Angel couldn't help taking glances at him. He won the next two rounds and got Angel's skirt and my shoes.

I won the next hand. "Alicia, your bra."

"You don't want my skirt?"

"Nah, your bra. I want to see your titties."

She whipped it off and draped it over my head. I admired her pink nipples. They were very erect.

Alicia won the next hand and took my shirt. Angel won a hand and got my shoes.

When I won I took a real gamble and asked for Angel's bra. She frowned at me, but playfully enough. She unbuckled it, let her arms down, and slowly lifted it from her breasts. I heard Greg visibly gasp.

"You have beautiful breasts, Angel," I said.

"Like you don't get to see them enough at home."

"I don't get tired of them." I dealt out the next hand. "Five card now. No draw."

I won the hand and took Greg's shoes. Alicia had good luck and she took Greg's pants. Now he sat in his boxers, I sat in my pants, and the girls sat in just their panties.

Now things got really interesting. Greg won and he wanted Angel's g-string. She blushed beet red as she slipped them off.

"Looks like someone lost," Alicia said. "New rules now. The winner gets something from the person who has the worst hand. If the person who has the worst hand is naked, the winner gets a favor."

Alicia won the next hand and I lost. She got my pants. Next hand I won and I took the rest of Greg's clothes. Two completely naked now.

Then it happened. Greg won and Angel lost.

"I want..." he considered this. "I want you to sit in my lap and kiss me for ten seconds."

Angel gulped. "Okay." she slid into his lap. His erection slid up her belly and she started kissing him. This time with tongue. She rubbed herself in his lap.

"Time!" Alicia shouted. "Wow."

Greg left a slick wet patch of precome on Angel's stomach. She went back to her seat reluctantly. Next hand Greg won and Alicia lost, so now Alicia was completely naked. Next hand I won and Alicia lost.

"I'm going to lick your pussy for ten seconds," I said.

"Okay." She lay back and I got between her knees. I fooled her into thinking I was going to go soft, but instead I attacked her as fast as I could. She jumped and thrust her pussy up at me.

"Time!" Angel said indignantly. I just smiled at her, my face covered in Alicia's love juice.

The next hand Angel won and I lost. She had my boxers. Now we were all naked.

"So is that the end of the game?" she asked.

"Are you kidding?" Alicia said, "We're just getting started."

Next hand I won and Angel lost.

"Now I want Angel to kiss Greg, but this time he has to have his dick inside her."

"That's against the rules!" Angel said.

I looked at the others. "Vote?" Three to one. Angel got up and stood over Greg, her pussy dripping down her legs. She slowly lowered herself into his lap. His penis was just outside her opening. She closed her eyes and pressed herself down onto him, moaning deeply.

He went balls deep and she opened her eyes.

"Kiss him." I said. She did, hard, fast, and passionately. She started rubbing and thrusting against him. I let her go at it for twenty seconds.

"Okay time."

She peeled herself off him, her skin now sweaty and flushed.

"Did you enjoy yourself?" Alicia asked.

"Yes." She giggled nervously. Next hand she won and Alicia lost. She wanted me to fuck her doggy style as hard as I could for half a minute. She laid her head on the couch and I fucked her. She almost came but I pulled out. Now she was on the edge.

Next hand Alicia won and Greg lost. 

She took the plunge, quite literally, "Greg needs to fuck Angel and come in her pussy."

Angel gasped and looked at me. I grinned. "Go ahead, enjoy yourself."

"Rules are rules. Okay." she hopped up on the couch and spread her legs. Greg kneeled over her and began thrusting. She came almost instantly, hard.

Alicia crawled into my lap and she sat on my dick while we watched them fuck. Angel was screaming and moaning now, her legs wrapped tightly around Greg's back. She came again, her nails raking his skin. He crushed her breasts under his chest as he pounded into her and he came deep inside her. They lay against each other, breathing heavily.

"I think that's game," Alicia said. I put her on her knees and fucked her while they recovered. They sat up in each other's arms. I looked at Angel while I fucked Alicia. She watched calmly, looking tired and unsatisfied. I fucked Alicia harder and harder until we came together. After Alicia rolled away Angel came to me and gave me a passionate kiss.

"I love you," she whispered.

"I love you, too."

"I want you."

"You want me now or later?"

"Now and later." She put her hand on my cock, making me hard again. We made out, our passion growing. I laid her on the ground and began eating Greg's come from her pussy. It tasted different than my own come.

"Let me ride you," she got up and impaled herself on me. She turned her head and found Alicia riding Greg's cock on the sofa. I picked her up and got on the other sofa. Our girlfriends rode us reverse cowgirl style.

"Hey," Alicia said. "Switch."

Angel looked back at me.


"You don't need my permission."

They switched positions and began I began fucking Alicia's looser, more experienced pussy.

"I'm going to come." Angel said. "And I want to do it on Michael."

"Okay, come on over." She got up. Angel impaled herself on me and Alicia dipped down to lick her clit while I fucked her. Angel screamed so loud it must have woken the neighbors. She dumped her juice all over the couch.

"She comes a shitload," Alicia said. "Just like her boyfriend." She looked back at Greg and I knew they were thinking about taping her. They decided not to push it tonight. She's already done far more than she ever imagined doing. We spooned quietly on the couch while Greg gave Alicia a screaming orgasm.

"Break?" Alicia asked.

"Yeah," Angel replied. We got drinks and sat around, naked, wet, and sweaty.

"We should do this again sometime," Alicia said.

"Same time next week?" Angel asked.

"I think so. Friday nights. Poker night, followed by sex. I'm thirsty, though."

"You have a drink."

"For come." she lay down and started sucking Greg's cock. Angel felt left out so she had to start sucking mine. Greg and I sat there, drinking our drinks.

"So," he said. "Nice day."

"Yeah." I rested my drink on Angel's back.

"I want to switch. I want to see how Angel gives head," Greg said.

"Sure." I picked her up and they switched. 

"Oh, this is nice." Greg got comfortable in his seat. "Ow." She raked her teeth across his shaft. "A little feisty, too. You know what Alicia likes?"

"What?"

"Grab her hair and control it."

I took her long hair in my fist and pulled her up. She resisted so I pulled it harder. It must have hurt but she didn't mind. She gamely held onto the head of my dick. Then I slammed her all the way down into the back of her throat. I varied my speed and intensity and it was very pleasurable. I wanted to try it on Angel.

"Switch."

Angel sucked my dick. I grabbed her hair.

"Michael what are you MMMMf." I pushed her down. I took her up again and she gave me an incredulous look, then her frown turned to a smile. It turned her on. I pushed her down again and fucked her mouth like it was a vagina. 

"Switch." Alicia came to me. Angel sucked on Greg's dick and he immediately came in her mouth. She was surprised but she sucked it all down. 

"You did that on purpose." I said to Alicia. She hummed an affirmative response into my dick.

"Michael hasn't come yet." Alicia took me out and licked me up and down while jacking me with her hand.

"I know a trick," Angel came over and put her mouth on my head. She sucked the tip of my head, her tongue drilling into my hole the way I loved. Alicia sucked my balls into her mouth and rolled her tongue around them. I came hard into Angel's mouth and she swallowed it all down.

"Whoa," Alicia said, "I could feel his come in his balls."

Double oral. I would have to have it more often.

"Our turn." Alicia made us lie on the couch with our heads in the middle.

"Angel, face me." Alicia set us up like this so they were face to face above us.

"Hello, there." I heard them kiss. Now they were both getting oral from the guys and they were kissing each other. I bet they were rubbing each others nipples, too.

They switched so many times I forgot whose pussy I was eating when the one in my mouth came. I thought it could be Alicia. Her juices tasted a little different, but it was mixed with our come so I couldn't tell for sure. I chalked it up to another two orgasms I had to give Angel. They fell away and the girl sitting on my chest was Alicia.

"You know what we should do?" she asked.

"Double sided dildo?"

"Let's show them."

"On the bed." They got off us and we followed them to the bedroom. Alicia went to her dresser and pulled out this huge, thick, double sided dildo. They lay on the bed pussy to pussy and put it between them.

"Oh god," Greg laughed. They put an end in each of their pussies, grabbed each other's feet, and began thrusting their hips. I couldn't resist pushing my cock into Angel's mouth as she fucked Alicia. She came squirting all over the bed and back wall. 

"Okay," she said, "Ass to ass now."

They faced both sides of the bed. Alicia said, "First one to fall off loses. Go." They began violently thrusting and backing against each other, trying to fuck the other girl off the bed. It was the most intensely erotic experience so far. Alicia came hard and fell to her chest. I thought she would lose but she held onto the sheets with her teeth. Then she got up in full force and took Angel by surprise. Angel came and she was pushed to the end of the bed. At the last moment she tried to hold on but with three huge thrusts Alicia pushed her off.

She jumped up with the dildo still in her vagina. "I win!"

I picked Angel off the floor. She was still racked with orgasm.

She looped her arms around my neck as I carried her to the living room. She seemed to have passed out. I put her on the sofa and kissed her to rouse her.

"Is this what swinging is?" she asked me.

"Isn't it great?"

"Mmhmm." She kissed me again, slowly, sensuously, while we rested on the couch.

"Hey, lovers," Alicia said as she came in the room with Greg.

"Hey," Angel said.

"Enjoying yourselves?"

"It's wonderful."

"You want more?"

"Are you kidding me? I can do this all night," Angel sat up and put her hand on my cock. She worked on getting it hard again.

"Have you?" Alicia asked.

Angel looked at me. "Until the sun started coming up."

"Is Michael getting hard?" Alicia asked.

Angel looked at it. "Soon. He gets hard a lot."

"How about we make them hard?"

"Doing what?"

"Let's show them how we fuck each other."

#

I gave Michael's cock one last rub up and down the slit.

"You're on," I told her. I got up and walked to her. I threw my arms around her and kissed her passionately, our tongues mingling with each other. Our hands dropped to each other's pussies and began rubbing.

"Shit," I heard Greg say. "They're hot."

"Where do you want me?" I whispered to Alicia around her kisses.

"On your back."

"On the floor?"

"That will do."

I lay on the floor and she kissed me. She was, by far, the best kisser I had encountered so far. Of course she's a good kisser, she knows exactly what a girl wants. I think that girls are, on average, much better lovers than men are. Men just used their cocks when fucking, girls use their entire bodies. She crushed herself on me, our bodies writhing and tangling against each other. She then started licking my nipple while massaging the other one. I arched my back to her. I have nice nipples and nicely sized areolas. My areolas just show out from underneath my bikini. It turns Michael on. 

She licked her way down my stomach, leaving trails of saliva down to my pussy. She uncovered my hood and kissed my clit. I groaned and opened my legs so I was doing splits on the floor. I looked up at Michael and Greg, who were working on their erections. 

"Make me come, Alicia," I begged as she ate me. "Make me come hard."

She stuffed two fingers inside me and rubbed my g-spot as she sucked on my clit. I held my breasts as she brought me higher and higher into arousal. I crossed my ankles around her neck and looked into her eyes as she tongued me.

"Harder, faster," I begged. She started tonguing me rapidly while her fingers flew inside me.

"OH GOD!" I shouted as my orgasm welled up inside me. I felt my juices start gushing out of me, my chest flushed, and I took deep, sobbing breaths.

"I'm coming!" Every muscle in my body contracted as I came powerfully in her face. She rubbed my clit with her thumb and sat back is a sprayed my come onto her. I screamed loudly, not caring if the neighbors heard. I collapsed onto the floor and writhed in pleasure.

"Do me now," she said as she straddled my face. I opened her vulva and stuck my tongue up inside her. She ground her pussy into my tongue, her juices dripping out of her. I stuck my tongue out as far as I could and she rode me. I looked up at he full breasts as I made love to her vagina. I sucked on her clit and hummed. I stuck two fingers up into her and she cried out my name, "Oh Angel! Angel!"

I used my other hand to finger myself. She was riding me now, her passion and pleasure growing to breaking point. I was on the verge of coming when she came on my tongue. I drank her sweet juices as she bucked and moaned upon me.

Suddenly someone grabbed my head and shoved his cock into my mouth. I was staring at a pair of balls bouncing in my face. I didn't know who it was. I didn't really care, either. I felt a cock penetrate my pussy and I moaned. That couldn't be Michael. Michael's cock was straight and Greg's was curved. I loved the curve. The friction was stimulating. I used my hands to jack Michael's shaft while I sucked his cock. I became aware of Alicia sitting on my chest. I felt her tongue on my clit. I exploded, screaming into Michael's cock and coming all over Greg and the floor. Michael took his cock out and I gasped for breath. Above me, I saw his cock penetrate Alicia's pussy. While Greg fucked me on the floor I watched Michael's huge cock fuck my best friend. I reached out my tongue and licked her clit. She began licking mine in return. I ran my tongue up and down Michael's underside as he fucked Alicia. I came again, my screams muffled against Alicia's wet pussy.

I saw Michael pull Alicia to her feet and do her from behind. I watched her firm teenage breasts bounce as my hot boyfriend fucked her solidly.

"Get me up, Greg," I said. He took me out and I pressed my body into Alicia's.

"All right, Greg," I said as I held onto Alicia. "Do me."

We made out as each other's hung boyfriends fucked us from behind. My hot, sweaty body slid against hers. Greg then picked me up and threw me on the couch. I was bent over the couch as he entered me from behind. Michael threw Alicia next to me and began fucking her.

"Your boyfriend is so hung," she said as he pounded her.

"And yours is so curved."

We shared a passionate kiss and held hands as each other's boyfriends brought us to orgasm. They were still hard but they gave us a break.

I said, "I think we should have more sex."

"How much is enough?" Alicia asked me.

"How's every waking moment of every day?"

"You're a nymphomaniac."

"I can quit whenever I want.

"Right, coming from the girl who has to masturbate to orgasm once an hour in the bathroom while at work."

I blushed. "I just like it, I don't have to have it."

"You won't last eight hours without sex, will you?"

"I haven't gone that long since I started."

Alicia sat cross legged and looked at me. "I think we can satisfy you."

"All of you?"

"How about this: we will fuck the shit out of you all night until you've had enough. Two young guys and a girl. I have plenty of dildos and vibrators to get you off while they're resting. What do you say?"

"I'm game, when can we start?"

"This is going to be wet," Michael said.

"I'm so excited," I gushed. I was already hot, sweaty, and tired, but I was game.

"We're going to need a lot of water," I said.

"Where does it all come from?" Michael asked.

"I don't know, but it has to come from somewhere." I turned up the thermostat to eighty-five, good fucking temperature.
