 Much to Jim's delight, Lynn's poker nights became a semi-regular event over the next few months. There wasn't necessarily a regular night, but about every 2 to 3 weeks Lynn set up a game at her house. These games all consisted of various combinations of the six players from the original poker night - Lynn, Jim, Traci, Joan, Gwen, and Beth. Only once was the game played again with all six, and most of the time there were four or five players. During this amazing time Jim fucked Lynn many more times and fucked both Beth and Gwen. 

At the end of one particular game, Jim fucked Beth and Gwen at the same time in Lynn's bed while Lynn and Traci fucked on the couch. Jim couldn't believe his good fortune with how the game turned out and happily spent many long minutes caressing Gwen and Beth's huge tits. He had briefly caressed and sucked Beth's tits before, but this was his first chance to take his time and fully savor the moment. He swirled his tongue slowly around Beth's nipple and gradually traced larger and larger circles until he had licked every inch of Beth's tit. Gwen soon moved beside him and caressed and teased Beth's other tit. They continued teasing her together as Beth moaned loudly and wriggled with lust.

Eventually Gwen and Beth switched places. Jim and Beth teased Gwen's tits until Gwen was so excited Jim thought she might cum without having her pussy teased at all. Before Gwen could cum, Jim followed Beth's lead and slowly kissed his way down Gwen's stomach and softly kissed and licked one of Gwen's thighs while Beth teased the other. Gwen spread her legs wide and Beth and Jim slowly worked their way toward Gwen's dripping wet pussy. Eventually Beth and Jim settled beside each other and alternated kissing and licking Gwen's pussy. Gwen finally lost her control when both Jim and Beth licked her swollen clit while Beth had two fingers buried deep inside Gwen's pussy.

When Gwen's orgasm finished the trio rearranged and Jim excitedly moved between Beth's spread thighs. His cock easily slipped inside her hot, wet pussy. They settled into an excited fuck and Jim knew he wouldn't last long. As they fucked Gwen first teased and licked Beth's tits, but then Gwen moved to Beth's pussy. Jim leaned back to give Gwen room as she licked and sucked Beth's pussy, and he felt Gwen's tongue periodically on his hard shaft as she wildly lapped at Beth's clit.

Suddenly Beth exploded into a wild orgasm with a long cry. Jim was already very close to cumming and planned to cum right along with Beth, but he forced himself to remain in control when Beth looked up at him with big, excited eyes in the midst of her orgasm and gasped, "Don't cum, not yet."

Beth's orgasm was amazingly intense and long, and Jim had to concentrate hard to keep from cumming. Finally, when Beth finished cumming she pushed Jim back so his cock slipped out of her pussy and then she pulled him up closer to her face. For a moment Jim thought Beth wanted to suck his cock and feel his cum in her mouth, but instead she stopped him when he was straddling her stomach with his cock standing prominently over her tits.

Beth pushed her tits together and gave Jim a lustful look as she moaned, "Fuck my tits." Jim quickly guided his cock between her tits. It was still heavily coated in her pussy juice and easily slipped between them. Her tits held his cock perfectly and enveloped him in an amazingly soft and sensual cocoon. Jim stared down at his cock as he fucked her tits. Beth's huge tits almost seemed to swallow his cock, and between the incredible sensations and the sight of his cock disappearing between her tits he knew he was going to cum.

Beth urged him on and soon Jim's cock erupted with a huge flood of cum. The first two powerful jets shot up to Beth's chin and pooled in the little hollow at the base of her neck. The rest of Jim's cum poured out and thickly coated the insides of both of her tits and her upper chest. When Jim finished cumming he heard an excited moan and looked up to see Lynn and Traci standing together inside the door watching the culmination of his fuck with Beth and Gwen. Jim climbed off Beth when he finished cumming and, much to his surprise, Gwen quickly crawled over Beth and began lapping up his cum from her friend's body. Jim, Traci, and Lynn watched Gwen slowly and deliberately lick up all of Jim's cum. When she finished she and Beth met in a series of long, deep kisses. 

After Beth and Gwen left that night Jim, Traci, and Lynn finished the night with their own wild and intense three-way fuck. Jim's second orgasm occurred as he fucked Traci while Lynn gently kissed and licked Traci's tits. After he finished cumming Jim lay back, completely exhausted, and happily watched as Traci and Lynn brought each other to orgasm with a lazy, slow 69 position.

Other than these incredible poker nights, Jim and Traci occasionally got together with Lynn. Typically, they went to a club or bar and spent the night laughing and partying, and then went back to Lynn's place or Jim and Traci's house and fucked wildly.

Throughout this whole time, Jim and Traci's sex life together was wilder and more intense than ever. It was as if their encounters with Lynn and the others sparked something inside them that carried over to the times when they were alone. They fucked more often than ever before, and when they fucked it was wild, uninhibited, and deeply satisfying. 

It was during some of these wild fucks that Traci first brought up the idea adding other guys to their group encounters. Until now Jim had been the only guy at Lynn's poker nights. During the heat of the moment with his cock inside his wife's pussy, he always agreed that adding another guy sounded hot and he was game. However, when the fucks were done he wasn't so sure how he felt. 

During one of their three way fucks with Lynn, Traci and Lynn both talked about having another guy join their next poker night. It was clear they were serious and equally clear they were both very excited by the idea. They teased Jim with their dirty talk and their naked bodies until Jim finally agreed. When he agreed it launched Traci and Lynn to a whole new level of lust. They fucked him long and hard that night until he was so utterly exhausted he couldn't get hard again. Still, before he drifted off to a deep sleep that night his mind reeled with the idea of what he had just agreed to.

Lynn called the very next day and said she had put together a poker night a few nights later. Jim was nervous and anxious as the night approached and felt very much like he had the very first time they went to Lynn's for poker night. He and Traci were the first to arrive and Lynn quickly mixed their favorite drinks. Jim wasn't sure if she had done it on purpose, but his drink was especially strong. He didn't mind and downed the drink faster than he probably should have. Lynn made sure his glass was never empty for more than a few moments and before too long Jim felt the effects of the alcohol.

They chatted for a while longer before the doorbell rang again. Lynn answered it and introduced the couple that had just arrived as Alicia and Steve. It took Jim a moment to place her face, but he finally recognized Alicia from his work. She had worked in a different department and left her job a little over two years ago. She and Jim never worked on any projects together and had only talked a few times before she left the company.  Alicia's fiancee, Steve, was pretty quiet but seemed nice. He was about Jim's size and build.  

Jim wasn't entirely surprised to see Alicia arrive. Alicia had always struck him as being a little wild. Her behavior and clothes had always been a little less than conservative. She looked good and had lost some weight since Jim had last seen her. She was wearing a very short pink skirt and boots with tall, spiked heels. They were the type of boots that Traci liked to call "fuck me" boots. Her white top had a deep V collar that showed off a lot of cleavage. Alicia's bright red hair was cut shorter than she used to wear it and it was done in a stylish, spiky hairdo. 

Lynn made sure everyone had fresh drinks as they chatted and got to know each other a bit. For a long while they all sat around drinking, listening to music, and chatting. Finally, Lynn got out a deck of cards and asked if everyone was ready to play. They moved to the table and Jim took a seat between Lynn and Traci with Alicia next to Lynn and Steve between Alicia and Traci.

The game started with lots of talking and laughter. Things started off very balanced and everyone lost a few items. All three women lost their tops but still had their bras. Both men were topless but both still wore their pants. 

Traci and Lynn then alternated runs of bad luck and took turns removing their pants and bras. Jim felt a now familiar excitement and anticipation of what was to come next as he glanced excitedly back and forth between Traci and Lynn and their bare tits.

Steve's luck ran out and after consecutive losses to Alicia and Traci, Steve pulled off his boxers to reveal his rock hard cock to everyone. Steve had shaved the area around his cock and that perhaps made his hard cock look even longer. Jim noticed that Traci took several excited glances at Steve's cock and, although he initially resisted, Jim also stole a glance at Steve's cock. Surprisingly, the sight of Steve's hard cock made Jim's stomach knot in nervous excitement. Jim wondered if one of the women would want him to do something with Steve later as the game progressed.

Jim was the next player to lose his clothes. He pulled off his boxers leaving both men naked before the eagerly excited eyes of the three women in the room. Jim felt a rush of adrenaline and excitement as the three women stared at him and his fully excited cock. Jim also noticed that Steve was also staring obviously at Jim's hard cock. Jim had never before experienced another guy looking at him in such a lustful and wanton way. The sensation was unbelievable, foreign, and oddly exciting.

Alicia lost the next couple of hands and pulled off her panties from under her skirt before removing her bra and letting everyone see her tits. Her nipples had already drawn into rock hard points and her tits somehow looked bigger than Jim had expected. Her nipples were surprisingly dark considering her fair skin and contrast made her excitement all the more obvious.

Alicia's run of "bad" luck was interrupted only long enough for Steve and Traci to take a turn as the loser. Traci pulled off her panties and since Steve was already naked, his payment was that Lynn got to caress his rock hard cock. Steve moaned and reacted so strongly that Jim thought he might cum right then, but Lynn made sure that didn't happen. As Lynn played with Steve, Jim heard at least one of the other women moan excitedly as they watched. Alicia lost again and took off her skirt. This left everyone at the table naked except Lynn, but Lynn quickly fixed that by saying she felt left out before she peeled her damp panties off. 

Despite the fact that he had already fucked Lynn many times and that he and Traci had now participated in many of Lynn's poker nights, there was something about this game that seemed different. Perhaps it was just the addition of Steve that made the scene a little more exciting and unknown, but for whatever reason Jim felt nervous and wild with anticipation unlike anything he'd felt since the first couple of poker nights. 

With everyone naked Jim knew that things would quickly get "serious". As if to let the anticipation build, Lynn gathered the cards and slowly dealt them out. Nothing was said but it was clear that everyone understood the ground rules had changed. Jim could barely see straight and quickly lost. Traci won and Jim happily granted his wife's command for him to suck and lick her tits. He knelt beside her and expertly swirled his tongue and lips around her rock hard nipples and across the smooth, silky flesh of her tits. Traci tossed her head back and moaned excitedly. Jim would have continued for far longer if Lynn hadn't broken them up by teasing that they needed to let others have a turn.

Lynn smiled widely when she won the next hand with Jim once again losing. Jim hoped she would suck his cock or maybe even fuck him, but instead she decided to tease him more. She told him to come over to her and she sensually caressed his ass and thighs. Jim's rock hard cock remained just inches from her mouth but yet she ignored it. Instead she drove him crazy with her hands and finished her teasing by licking and softly kissing his stomach and hips. Jim's cock ached for release when he returned to his seat.

Jim again lost the next hand. He scanned the other cards hoping that Lynn or Traci would win, but his stomach knotted fiercely when he saw the winning hand belonged to Steve. Jim watched in dumbfounded silence as Steve wordlessly stood and walked to him with his rock hard cock pointing the way. Jim's mind raced as Steve dropped to his knees beside him. In the next instant Steve grasped Jim's cock and fondled it for a moment before he engulfed it in his mouth. Jim didn't know what to do or think and before he knew it he heard a moan of lust escape his lips. Steve eagerly and smoothly teased his cock with his hands and mouth. Jim's mind raced and a quick glance around the table showed that the women were eager witnesses to the scene. Traci's eyes burned with a raw, animal lust that mesmerized him. It only took a few seconds of seeing her excitement as she watched another man suck his cock before Jim knew he couldn't resist any longer.

He grunted something that was supposed to be warning and came with a wild intensity. Whether from Steve's surprisingly skilled blowjob, the fact that this act was being watched by his wife and two other naked women, or the very idea that this was his first bisexual act, Jim orgasmed long and hard. He felt like he had cum in great quantities and when he finished he was surprised that Steve had taken nearly the whole load in his mouth. There was some cum on Jim's thighs and around his cock, but not nearly enough to account for his full volume.

Jim closed his eyes briefly as his mind spun in circles trying to comprehend what had just happened. He wasn't sure if he was more surprised by the fact that Steve had just confidently sucked his cock and eaten his cum or by how much he enjoyed Steve's blowjob. When he opened his eyes he looked over at Traci and saw a burning lust in her eyes. He had seen similar looks many, many times from his wife, but never before to this intensity. For a moment he thought she would jump right out of her chair and pounce on him in a lust-filled frenzy. Perhaps Lynn sensed the same thing and, before Traci could do or say anything, Lynn suggested they continue the game. 

As the game resumed it seemed like the atmosphere of the room had changed. Before things had somehow seemed playful and teasing, but now the room was charged with pure lust. Jim felt at the same time satisfied, wildly horny, and curious for what would happen next. The hand ended with Lynn winning and Steve losing. Lynn smiled wicked and slithered over to Steve. She dropped to her knees in front of Steve and he moaned from deep in his throat before she even touched him. Lynn lavishly licked his rock hard cock from its base to its tip. She licked him several times before she stopped and gazed up at his face. After just a momentary pause she wrapped her fingers around the base of his cock and engulfed his cock in her mouth. In the next moment her lips pressed all the way down to the skin at the base of his cock and his entire length was inside her mouth and throat. For the next few moments Lynn delivered a wild, lust-filled blowjob that soon had Steve writhing excitedly in his chair. A few seconds later Steve's hips thrust upward and he grunted loudly. Lynn kept her lips wrapped tightly around his cock and she easily swallowed his entire load of cum. When he finished cumming Steve sank back in his chair as if he had been deflated. Lynn licked a remaining drop of Steve's cum from her lips as she looked around the table holding the gaze of Traci and Alicia for just a split second.

Traci lost the next hand and Alicia won. Alicia glided over to Traci and, as if moved by sexual attraction, Traci stood up. In the next instant Alicia and Traci met in a wild embrace and deep kiss. Their tongues danced wildly and their soft tits pressed erotically together. They kissed for a while longer before Alicia guided Traci back and laid her down on the table. Traci moaned excitedly as Alicia pushed her thighs apart, sat in the chair, and dropped her mouth straight to Traci's pussy. Traci shrieked with lust and Jim imagined how hot and wet his wife's pussy must be. Alicia's mouth never left Traci's pussy and she clearly wanted to make Traci cum. Traci writhed excitedly on the table and her groans and excited gasps mixed with the wet sounds Alicia's mouth made as she wildly sucked and lapped at Traci's pussy. Traci came with a wild cry and she and Alicia kissed again before both returned to their seats.

Before Alicia could reach her seat she was met by Lynn. Alicia and Lynn were the only two who hadn't yet cum and it seemed Lynn had decided it was time to rectify that. She and Alicia shared a frantic kiss before they melted together onto the floor. They slipped into a 69 position with a well-practiced ease that suggested they had done this together before. They teased each other for a few minutes before first Alicia and then Lynn came with a wild intensity.

Lynn and Alicia remained in each other's arms as the room filled momentarily with a satisfied, sexually charged air. Traci quickly moved to Jim and began a wild, intense embrace. Her eyes still burned with a look of lust that wasn't quite as intense as before, but Jim was surprised by how excited she was even after having orgasmed just a few minutes ago. After a few moments of excited kissing, Traci led Jim to Lynn's couch. On the way they stepped around Alicia and Lynn on the floor. Steve had joined his fiancee and Lynn and they seemed well on their way to their own round two.

Jim and Traci resumed their embrace on the couch. Traci soon parted it and pushed Jim onto his back. She slid down his body and attacked his cock in a lust filled frenzy. She knew exactly what he liked and very soon she had him rock hard and ready to fuck. Once he was completely hard she sucked him for a few more moments and then climbed over him. Just before he slipped inside her pussy he felt her juices dripping down onto his cock. 

She shifted her hips and his cock easily slipped inside her. As he entered her she leaned down and moaned, "I loved watching Steve suck you." Traci was an expert at riding his cock and knew just how far to tease him before she needed to pause and let him regain control. Jim's entire world became her and the sensations of her amazing fuck. Finally, after what felt like it could have been hours, Traci teased them both into a mutual release that was deeply intense and satisfying. Jim loved feeling his cock empty his cum inside her as her pussy spasmed with her orgasm, and he savored every moment of their intense climax.

Traci collapsed over him and they held each other as they regained their breath. Jim slowly became aware of his surroundings again and heard the sounds of intense fucking from close by. He and Traci turned and watched as Steve fucked Alicia from behind while Alicia had her face buried in Lynn's pussy. Steve came first, and his orgasm seemed to trigger Alicia's. Alicia lifted her mouth just long enough to let out a series of moans and then she returned to licking Lynn's pussy. A few moments later Lynn turned her head and looked over to Traci and Jim. She winked wickedly and blew them a kiss just before she closed her eyes and came. 
