 Being 5 foot 5, 120 pounds, blue eyes, with dishwater blonde hair and only 21 years old, I never had much trouble getting dates. However, there was just something that drew me to Michael. He was a bigger guy who drove a semi-truck and about 15 years older than me. 

The first time we met, I was attending college in Arizona and my friend Cassie and I were having lunch in an Applebee's. Michael was there on a haul and had drinks sent to us which led to him eventually coming over to talk to us. He ended up asking me out and we went on a date the next evening. After a few more dates, he took me for a ride in his 18 wheeler. We were parked at a rest stop with the engine running and he let me blow him while he sat in the driver's seat. His cock is just under 7 inches long and has better than average thickness which is perfect for anal sex. With my head under the steering wheel deep throating his erection, Michael blew his load in my mouth within a few minutes and I eagerly swallowed every drop as I usually do with guys. 

That weekend while in the truck's cab bed, he fucked me missionary style as he sucked my painted toes. He told me that he loved my black toe nail polish and my shaved pussy. As other truckers would drive by and see him pumping, he loved the voyeur aspect and when he finally came, he shook and trembled while he filled my pussy up with his cum at the same time he almost swallowed my entire foot! We would do stuff like that frequently. We eventually got more creative and he would screw me in the butt while in public places which got us both off. 

That's what I loved about Michael. We both love sex and get pretty kinky. He told me about his foot and voyeur fetishes and I told him about my cum, anal sex and foot fetishes and together we just clicked. We did it every way imaginable and since he hated condoms, he would unload his thick spunk in my pussy or ass almost on a daily basis. 

We would discuss our fantasies and he admitted he liked to see me fuck his friends and I admitted that I would like to be gangbanged. I never really knew if he was serious or not but I was going to find out during his next poker night with his friends. When that evening came, his friends Bill, Roger, and Steve along with Steve's brother Paul were all there. I could hear them having fun and joking around. 

I thought this was my chance. I put my makeup on with extra thick eyeliner and my silver hoop earrings. I wore my lacy, satin pink bra on with my matching satin French cut pink panties with the see through mesh crotch which allowed anyone to see my smooth pussy through the material. I put on my off black nylon stockings with the reinforced toes along with my open toed black pumps. I spiral curled my blonde hair and I couldn't forget my pink, shiny, lip gloss with the matching pink toe and nail polish. I decided on this night, there would be no clothing overtop my underwear so I could be extra naughty. 

I took a trey of meats and cheeses into the area where the guys were playing and the whole room got silent. I could see Bill had his mouth hanging open and Paul almost fell out of his seat. I even heard Roger say, "What the fuck?" 

Michael didn't know what to say and when I bent over to simulate picking something up, I could hear a large gasp especially when my panties rode up my ass crack. 

"Hi fellas," I cooed in my innocent voice. "I thought maybe you guys might be hungry and needed a snack."

Roger answered with a sexual implication, "I don't know about you guys, but I definitely could use a snack."

Everyone laughed. I leaned over the table to expose my cleavage when I put a cheese cube to Roger's mouth when I seductively directed him, "Open up."

As he chomped on the cube and mumbled, "That's not exactly what I had in mind."

I left and then came back with beers while I teased the guys more. As the evening wore on, they loosened up and just went with my flirting. They even started saying things back to me like "Why don't you show me those titties or I got something you can snack on."

I turned to Steve and said, "Really. Let's see it big boy. I want to see this snack."

"Nah, I better not. Mike might get mad," Steve said with a smile.

I got down on my knees and started tugging on Steve's zipper in which I could tell his hard cock was pressed up against it, "No he won't. Now let me see it."

I reached my hand inside his zipper, fumbled around, and finally got his stiff cock to poke out. It was average in length but had this huge, perfect mushroom head with a bead of smeared precum in the hole. 

I looked at Michael and said, "Look at that baby. Your friend is so hard for me that he is already leaking."

I stooped down and went to my knees. I put my mouth around this large head and started sucking it. Right away, Steve groaned from the feel of my warm mouth and put his legs straight out. I sucked the precum off the tip then got down to business sliding my pouty lips up and down the shaft. 

Paul bragged for me, "Damn Mike, look at that. She is swallowing the whole thing. You lucky bastard...and look at Steve's face, he is lovin every minute of that."

Steve laughed, "Fuck yea I am. Ooooh shit. She sucks dick like a shop vac."

I was slurping and deepthroating Steve's erection so hard that each time I went down, my lips literally would press against his cold zipper. I popped my head up and looked at Michael, "He tastes sooo good. He's gonna give me that cum. I gotta have it." I then looked into Steve's eyes and assured him, "Don't worry, just relax and let it go. I want you to shoot it really hard in my mouth, ok, sweetie?"

I went back to sucking Steve's cock. Several times I had to run my fingers through my hair so that everyone could see. Even though his head was large and would pack the back of my throat tight, I couldn't get enough of it. The guys started cheering Steve and I on. His precum had a sweet taste and I could feel him getting closer.

One guy, who I couldn't tell who it was, said, "Give it to her Steve. Blow the back of her head off!"

Paul chimed in, "Yea dude, if she wants that load, give it to her. Mike don't care."

Michael finally spoke, "Shit I don't care. I can't stop her. She loves cum, what can I say."

Finally, Steve's ass and hips started to shake. I could feel his cock throbbing and those little twitches up the shaft telling me his cum was on the verge. His legs locked straight out and he began to yell along with all the other cheers. His first blast, hit me in the back of the throat which almost choked me. I never slowed down, keeping my lips locked tight while Steve shot his next few spurts. When his exploding cock finally started to slow down to a drizzle, I locked my lips even tighter, tilted sideways, and slid my mouth off so not to lose any of Steve's warm spunk. 

I held my finger up as if to say just a minute when I stood up. I tilted my head back and opened my mouth so to show the guys but not to lose it down my chin. Steve was just kicked back in his chair with his saliva covered, soft cock laying on his jeans through his zipper and a shit eating grin on his face. I then swallowed it down without missing a beat. It was thick and salty but I liked it. I licked my lips as I smacked and giggled, "Pretty good Stevie. You need to get laid more often and you wouldn't have so much stored up. You just about choked me."

At that point, everyone was stunned and horny, and judging from my own panties sticking to my pussy lips, I was also. I then backed up, pulled my panties down real slowly over my black stockings and heels, and then tossed them to Michael, "I want you to smell these baby. All these hard dicks have me dripping and I want you to sniff my juices off the crotch."

That wasn't just dirty talk that I love, it was the truth. I got up on the table, spread my legs like a stripper at a club, and then asked, "What are you guys waiting on, doesn't anybody want to stick their dick in this?" 

Steve who had just blown his load in my mouth suggested, "Maybe we should let Mike go first since she is his."

I interrupted as I giggled, "No, no. Michael is going last. He is gonna get some sloppy seconds...or fifths I should say."

Bill took no time in getting up between my legs. He fumbled with his belt and pulled his pants down to his knees. He pulled me closer so my ass would hang over the edge of the table. I could feel the chips and cards sticking to my backside. Bill had a long, slender cock that looked to be about 8 ½ inches long. It was rock hard and jetting straight out from his body. He took hold of it, slapped it and rubbed it on my clit while I moaned.

Roger said, "Fuck the shit out of her."

Just as I was craving to be penetrated, Bill slid his hard cock in my wet pussy all the way to his balls. We both let out a pleasure sigh. He didn't waste any time before he was pumping it in and out of me while he held my nylon covered legs up in the air. He went slow at first then he fucked like he had a purpose. His ass was moving so fast and deep, the table was shaking, my high heels that I was wearing were doing the same over his shoulders and I could feel his balls slapping my ass with every thrust.  

I was moaning when I turned my head toward Michael and spoke while pouting, "Ooooo, yea. He's fucking me baby. It feels sooo good! I can feel him deep in there. I want his cum."

"You heard her Bill, give it to her," Michael directed. 

Bill already had a beads of sweat on his forehead and was out of breath. I was getting close myself and a lot of times when guys cum in me, it triggers my own orgasm. The belt buckle in his pants around his knees was jingling as I began to talk to him, "Come on Bill, fill me up. You know you like this young, tight pussy. It's so warm and you feel so good in me. Bring that cum to the head. Drain those balls in me, baby."

With all the guys cheering, Bill started grunting like a bull, "Aaaauuuggghhh, fuck. I'm cummin!"

Bills mouth was hanging open while his eyes rolled back in his head. His face was beet red and his whole body seized up as he let loose his pent up sperm inside my pussy. I was smiling with my lip gloss covered, pouty lips at him but was also in the midst of my own orgasm. Bill continued to growl and quiver until he had completely emptied his nuts, while my own vaginal walls contracted around his dick. When Bill was completely finished and had his post orgasm quiver, he pulled his long cock out of me really slow. 

I could feel that Bill had left me a huge creampie by the way it oozed down my crack. When I asked one of the guys to hand me a cocktail napkin so I could wipe myself, I noticed ever guy had their cock out and stroking themselves and this was including Michael. 

That is when I noticed Paul was really hung. He had to be at least 9 inches long and really thick and veiny. That slutty girl in me wanted that huge thing shoved up me until I squealed. Paul and Roger were standing next to each other on my right. As I was wiping the slimy cum out of my pussy, I looked at those two and said, "I want you next. Let's go in the living room."

Roger responded excitedly, "Which one of us?"

I hopped off the table as you could hear my pumps click on the ground. Before I answered their question, I knelt down in front of a recovering Bill and cupped his balls. His now soft cock was wet and shimmering in the light with our cum and I held it, licked it clean, side to side, like I was eating an ear of corn. I even squeezed the shaft to draw out that little glob left inside so I could slurp it off. When I was completely finished with Bill, I reached back down and took hold of both Roger and Paul's hard dicks and answered, "Well, both of you silly." As I led both guys to the living room by their cocks, I told Michael, "Go in the bedroom and get our special lube."

Michael and I had anal sex frequently and the sensual KY worked really well. When we reached the couch, I told Roger to sit down. He complied with is hard, uncircumcised 7 inches of smooth cock sticking straight up in the air with a banana arc. I know what you are thinking and most girls would want Paul's huge dick in their pussy but at that point, I was so horny, I had to have that hog in my ass no matter how much it hurt. What can I say, I love anal sex!

I kicked my heels off and stood up on the couch, straddling Roger. With my stockings still on my legs, the couch was slick and hard to get good traction. I was facing him as I lowered myself down and took hold of his cock. I positioned it up against pussy and sat down on his lap. With Bill's fresh load mixed with my own juices still in me, Roger's cock slid in with no trouble. By that time, Michael had returned with the lube and Paul was already slathering it on his shaft. 

Paul was unsure until I said to him as I leaned forward while sitting on Roger's erection, "What are you waiting for sweetie? Stick it my ass, but go slow!"

Paul stooped down and put his cock against my asshole. He put his hands on my shoulders and pushed. His huge cock plopped in my ass but hurt really bad. I had him pull out and try it again. The second time still hurt but with me gritting my teeth, I needed in there. Paul pushed until he was completely buried in my ass. I was so full of cock, it felt like it was in my abdomen. 

I tried to ride Roger a little, while Paul reamed my ass but it just didn't work as well as I hoped. That's when it hit me...duh...reverse the situation. I had Paul pull out and I got off Roger. I had Paul sit down so I could sit down on that massive meat while Roger stooped down to fuck my pussy at the same time. This time, I was smart and faced outward while I leaned back on Paul's chest. Paul put his hands around me and held my boobs while Roger fucked my pussy. With Paul's fat dick shoved all the way in my ass and Roger pounding my front while holding up my legs from underneath my knees, I was about to cum. My black nylon covered legs and feet were bouncing and flailing in the air. I got extra horny and excited.

"Paul, take off your shirt and take off my bra. Pinch my nipples, yea just like that!" I ordered Paul as he complied with my every wish. I wanted to lean back against his hairy chest.

I then looked at Michael and ordered him, "Get over here and kiss my feet and suck my toes!" As he stroked his cock and seemed like he was too horny to listen, I said it again, "Hey honey, get over here and love on my feet!"

Michael grabbed my bouncing ankle and held it still while kissing my nylon covered foot when I ordered him again, "Take off my stockings baby. I want you to suck on my toes like you do!"

Michael's cock was rock hard and sticking straight up from his pant less waist. He slowly removed my stockings and started kissing my arches before sucking my toes. He held my foot with one hand and was jerking his cock with the other. I started cumming as I moaned loudly. These three men were all over me and I loved it! 

It wasn't thirty seconds and I could feel my second orgasm building when I noticed that Roger had that look in his eye and I knew he was about to cum. 

I needed that last good one and I scolded Roger, "Don't you cum too soon, you hear me? You wait just a second till I get off again...Oh yes...yes...yes." 

I was almost there. I leaned back against Roger's hairy chest while he pinched my nipples. It was difficult but I squirmed just enough to feel Roger's huge cock touching all the right nerves in my anus while Roger's curved dick was now rubbing my G spot. That is when it hit me and my orgasm ripped through me like a lightning bolt jolting inside my pussy. "OOOHHH! Yes! Fuck Yes! Fuck me harder! OOOoooooo! AAAuuuggghhhh!" 

My pussy was twitching and my vaginal walls contracted around Roger's thrusting cock when he also started shuddering and growling, "Shit! I'm fuckin cumming too!" 

I grabbed Roger's head while he was blowing his load in my pussy and gave him a huge French kiss on the mouth. My tongue was down his throat as he continued to growl into my mouth. With my ass being stuffed full of Paul, I could feel ever twitch of Roger's cock with each ejaculation. Roger finally stopped pumping and just stood there as we continued kissing. 

I pulled my mouth from Roger and said, "That was amazing! Now I want Paul to fuck the shit out of me with that fat prick of his."

As Roger pulled his cock out of my vagina, his thick cum leaked and oozed out and even some of it landed on Paul's nuts. My pussy lips and clit were so swollen. I needed pounded by Paul's huge dick. When I get like that, I am a total nympho. Before I got up, I noticed that Michael had cum all over my foot and even shot a speck on my shin. My baby got so worked up that he jacked himself off all over my foot and toes! I was still sitting on Paul's hard on when I put my foot to my mouth and slurped up Michael's load. I spread my toes and Michael's spunk made me look I had webbed feet. I had to use my hand as sort of a scoop. It was tangy and salty but I cleaned it all up. Like I said, when I'm in that state, I'm a nasty whore. 

While I was licking it off my toes and foot, I would show it on my tongue, swallow it down and then give the guys either a wink or a smile. It did taste good but I would over exaggerate it to get the guys excited by saying, "Mmmmmm that is delicious" or "I love it!" They were making all kinds of comments like..."Oh my god, she is nasty" or "You gotta be fuckin kidding me. That is one twisted, sick, bitch."

I got off of Paul's cock and my ass was stretched. I was a total mess but I knew Roger's cum would help lube me for Paul. I got down on my hands and knees and begged Paul, "Come on big boy, I want you to fuck me with that horse cock of yours. Get down here and do it now."

Of course with Paul just having been in my ass, he was hornier than a virgin in a brothel. I was also pretty sure if Paul fucked me hard enough, I could squirt for the guys. It doesn't happen very often but on occasion I am a squirter. Paul got down on his knees behind be and put his big cock in my pussy without any trouble. He scooted closer until he was balls deep in me. Oh, it felt great!

Paul then started fucking me doggie style. He was rubbing my smooth, young butt as he thrust. Poor Paul was the last guy that hadn't got to cum yet. I was not going to let him cum until he rammed that hog of his home and gave me at least one more orgasm. He kept fucking and was hitting all the right spots. I was just hoping he could last. 

"Paul, you fuck me harder. Do you hear me? Harder!" I ordered Paul.

Paul was going full force. My firm boobs were rocking back and forth as were my earrings. His hips were slamming me in the ass and with Paul's huge cock combined with all the lube, you could hear that slurp, squishing sound you hear with a plunger. With me yelling harder, Paul actually got up on his feet, he put his hands in the small of my back as I put my head down to the floor. He was jackhammering me and the sounds that filled the room were slurp, slap, squish, slap, slurp, slap...

"Pull it out!" I screamed as I was sent into a seizure-like orgasm in which I was squirting. 

A confused Paul pulled his thrusting dick out of my pussy. I was screaming and moaning as I used my middle finger to run over my clit like I was sawing a log. My whole body started shaking and that is when a stream of liquid jetted out of my hole. Then another and one more after that. Oh my God, it felt so great I thought I was going to pass out. 

"Hurry put it back in and fuck me hard again!" I demanded Paul.

He did as I ask and was pounding me once again until I screamed and had him withdraw again so I could flood the floor. When Paul put it back in and fucked a third time, he only lasted about 30 seconds and he was screaming and shooting his load deep into my pussy. His cock felt like he was literally in my cervix and because he was in so far, his cum felt like a warm douche. Paul was clenched tight to my hips and I couldn't have moved away even if I had wanted to. He quivered and moaned for a while before he pulled out of my now stretched vagina. Cum not only dripped to the floor, it was oozing down my right inner thigh. Paul staggered over to the couch and sit down out of breath and drenched in sweat. The other guys walked over to him and starting slapping him high fives. 
