 True Story: Occured in June of 2007

My first posting here. Be kind please.

So I used to work as a Piercer for a long long time.... 10 years. It kinda paid the bills and for awhile I entertained the notion of opening a shop.

I started the Grad Program this past June. Around the 25th or so.

The very last day I worked at the shop (Sunday's only for about 3 years, not my primary job at the time), I get this very nervous call.

Very nervous call.

Anxious and very secretive. I dismiss him as just a crazy that could possibly be masturbating to my voice. It happened kind of often in the City. I give him the info and he's done with me when he finds out that we didn't have a girl piercer.

About three hours later, he calls back and he says that he likes the sound of my voice, and I'm like "ohh god, not again". He continues by asking me the same questions and again asks about a girl piercer, I say NO. NONE here. He says that he called all the shops I recommended and he liked me the most. I was the most informative and I wasn't blowing him off like most of the other shops did. 

Basically, he had asked for a girl piercer in a private session for EXtra money, to pierce his naked, blindfolded girlfriend and maybe make out with her when they were done.

I said that sounds like a lot of fun, and yeah, I would love to do it, but guess what? This is my last day.

It sounded scintillating and I was ready for a lil voyeur action and I'd be getting paid. He didn't even want it at a shop and I said, sure!! I'll go out with a Bang if you will. We make plans for a week from that day and we are set.

He gets a fancy hotel downtown, I get everything ready in my little doctor bag and I show up, not knowing what to expect, except that I'm getting 100 dollars and a little peep show.

In his emails, he broke it down that she'd be blindfolded, and he would make her orgasm either with his mouth, fingers or toys and as she climaxed I would pierce her nipples one at a time. We would repeat the procedure on each side.

On the day, I'm nervous as all hell and they keep on moving the time back on me. So I'm hanging in Union Square with an original time of 3:00 PM and they finally are ready at 5:00. This whole time I've had two desserts and two cappuccino's. I'm already on edge.

I walk right into the hotel lobby and straight to the elevator. I start forgetting the room number when I hear yelling or some other type of commotion. SMACK...growl/yell. SMACK.... growl/yell.

I know I have the right room. At this point I don't know to expect mass murderers or what, but I bravely go and knock. I hear a bit of commotion and he asks me to hold on. He comes to the door, Barry, we'll call him, is about 45 wearing only a robe and his cock is somewhat not covered. Barry is slightly bald, and very well groomed, nice enough character I think except for the erection staring at me.

I go in and see this vision. Spread eagle. Older. About 40. Very fit, white and creamy skin. She is wearing nothing but these very sexy high heels. She is tied tight and looking so sex hungry. They have been playing and I can see her scarlet ass and the room smells like anal sex. He wants to turn her over, but he doesn't want her to see me, so he asks me to step into the bathroom while he adjusts the ropes and flips her over. 

I go in and see why it smells like it does, not bad, just like good anal sex, its because there is an arsenal of sex toys in the bathroom sink and about four different size butt plugs. I wash up, still nervous and I just start to lay a sterile field and going about my job as if this were completely normal. I come out when he says they are done. I don't talk to her, I simply ask if this is ok with her to him and she answers yes to him and he says go ahead. I admire her body and make comments about it to him. He had asked me to do this. She runs five days a week and has had two kids. Her body, minus the CSection scar is flawless. Tiny little stretchmarks run up and down her sides and below her breasts. I'm in love with her body and I'm taking it all in. The smell, the heat, the lust from her. I clean her, mark her, sort of tagging her and treating her like a piece of meat. She has no say and she likes it, I can tell.

I tell him I'm done after a long long while making sure everything will line up.

He likes it and starts to kiss her on the mouth. Soulful deep long wet kisses. He drops his fingers down to her pussy and starts to lightly touch. The starts rubbing and she starts writhing and moaning. Very hot.  At this point I'm hard.  Its so hot. He starts to eat her out and finger her and I'm sitting there gloved, watching, hands up in the air, waiting for my cue. He tells me that it won't take too long, because she comes very quickly. I ask him to please NOT rush. I'm enjoying it immensely. He pulls out the industrial grade Hibachi vibrator/back massager and touches her clit, she almost pulls the ropes out. Her little six pack shows at this point as she arches her back and I just want her so bad at this point.

He gets her going and as she starts to come he nods at me to get ready. I get in close, pinch her nipples with the clamp and her orgasm starts, he nods again and I shove the needle in. She had not anticipated this pain and she lets out a scream with her orgasm. I can tell it hurt her bad and I see tears, just a couple from under the blindfold her. I ask her at this point if she wants the other, she nods yes, but whimpers.

We repeat the procedure on the other side and do exactly the same. I attempt the 2nd one quicker and more aggressively to minimize her pain. And it helps.

I finish up and she winds down from her second orgasm and piercing.

I pack all my stuff and just sit down, flabbergasted. He offers me some wine and I take it. I start giving her care instructions and relax a bit myself. I write it down and simply sit back and relax. There happens to be a completely hot nude girl in front of me, and I'm trying to take it all in while I can. She keeps commenting on my voice and asks her man if she can see me. He says ok and she takes off her blindfold. She is very lovely and has beautiful blue eyes. She says that she could not let me leave without looking at me. I tell her she is beautiful and she says I'm handsome. We sit around drinking wine when the phone rings. She's won a free Jetblue flight from the hotel and a complimentary bottle of champagne!!! Its up in seconds and we start that. We talk a bit about sex and about how hot she is and I am free to talk to about her labia, clit, pussy, breasts and it is totally refreshing. Turns out this is their very first time with someone else in the room and its a first for all of us.


We talk more and they kiss a bit and rub each other and then it turns into more play and he's between her legs and she's stroking his cock. She asks something and he asks me if she can hold my hand. I go over to the bed and sit next to her, holding her hand while she gets her pussy eaten. She now wants to kiss me and so we do. its totally hot and and she grabs my cock through my pants. 

She asks him if I can play with her pussy. He says anything he wants. He slides up and sticks his cock in her mouth. I eat her out for what seems like hours. Her pussy is delicious and hairless. I even rim her for a bit thats how turned on I am. I don't know how far I can take it.

He is getting close, I can tell and she's had probably a dozen orgasms by this point. She even squirted in my mouth a tiny bit.

I pull my cock out and I cover my hand with her juices and start to masturbate. She helps while she can with her free hand but he's back to rubbing her while she gives him head.

Its so intense that I come on her belly.

She comes again and he comes in her mouth and she makes a very dirty point of licking up every ounce of cum starting first with my cum on her stomach and then what spilt off his dick.

Spent and a tiny bit drunk they give me 100 dollars, two bottles of wine and say that they'll be needing my services often.

I walk out dizzy, still hard.