 I panned the camera across the room, showing over one dozen naked guys, plus my best friend draped across a table. I zoomed in on the naked Reiko just as Matt withdrew from her, gooey whiteness from him and others spilling out from between her legs. Slowly, I moved up the camera up the Asian beauty's white-splattered body, showing Reiko in the aftermath of over two full hours of nonstop sex. She definitely looked like she had been thoroughly fucked for a long time. Reiko whimpered softly, the rise and fall of her chest drawing my attention as I zoomed in just as Derek stepped up to her, stroking himself. A few moments later, with a groan, he emptied himself, adding to the thick drying coat of male seed upon her heaving chest. 

I so desperately wanted to step out from behind the camera, to go to my former college roommate and clean her with my own tongue, then suck all that tasty fluid from deep inside her small exotic body. Or, even better, I wished that it was me on the table following more than two full hours of sex. 

It took all the willpower I could muster to keep my hands on the camera, moving back down Reiko's body to show her dripping onto the tabletop. I was so incredibly wet myself, from just watching two hours of sex, that my thong was really uncomfortable, yet I tried my best to ignore it as the final guy – the party's host, my boyfriend – stepped into the view of the camera. 

Seeing the very familiar erection in Randy's hand made my mouth water and another surge of wetness to further dampen my thong. I so wanted to drop to my knees before him, and allow him to force his way into my throat as his fists tightened in my hair, holding me completely still against him as I swallowed again and again until he volleyed his love into me. 

But, somehow, I remained behind the camera, avidly following the familiar tip as it slowly approached the well-used Asian beauty. We all knew what was coming, except for Reiko; for over an hour, here eyes had essentially been "glued" shut with a Master's Blindfold, applied by Dave and Sean, so she could not see her host and longtime friend was about to give her the final powerful thrills of the night. 

Reiko cooed softly as she felt Randy's hand upon her, then moaned loudly as he fully entered her with a single swift thrust. 

"Showtime, Randy!"

"Ream 'er, Randy!" 

"Make the bitch plead for mercy!" 

Only Danny and Brad were newcomers to our cozy group. The rest of the guys knew all too well about Randy's extreme prowess.

...as did I, which made me feel both jealous and thankful that I wasn't the "bitch" on the table, for I knew Randy's polar extremes unlike anyone else at this party. 

When we are along, Randy is almost always gentle with me. We take our time undressing each other, then sometimes spend several hours in slow, respectful foreplay. Once he finally enters me, we make love, touching, kissing, hugging, always romantic and respectful, treating each other like delicate crystalline figures on display in a museum. With his unparalleled ability to hold back his own orgasm, we could be joined for several hours at a time, stopping only to shift positions on occasion. 

But I also know his "evil twin" side. On these occasions, any clothing I wear is practically torn from my body. His hands maul me and his teeth devour me, as if I am the captive prey of a wild beast; that is the extent of our foreplay on these occasions. Then I am forced into his desired position – spread across the bed, bent over the edge of a table, or whatever he wants from me at the moment – and he plows into me. He then royally fucks me so hard that I often sport bruises days afterward, and only a double dose of Tylenol can even begin to take the harshness away from the resultant headache, for with his incredible staying power, he can pummel my body for seemingly forever before he finally explodes inside me. 

The guys cheer as Keiko screams, occasionally babbling something in her native Japanese. Even a rag doll deserves better treatment. But, as I know from repeated firsthand experience, the physical torment blesses the exotic beauty with sexual bliss as she surfs the orgasmic tidal waves. And I record it all. 

Since I had been behind the camera all evening, I felt quite jealous that I was not the one on the table, despite the brutal violence Randy was using on my former roommate. 

Randy growled loudly with each violent, possessive thrust, sweat coating his skin due to his furious efforts. Keiko's legs hold him like a vice, threatening to never release him, while the rest of her small, delicious body was tossed around from the brutal fucking. With all the male cheers and the incessant intensity of her obviously-foreign screams, anyone passing by the house would likely have assumed someone was being gang-raped. 

I was suddenly startled by a hand on my hip, and very thankful the camera was mounted on a tripod. "You've been left out of all the fun," Keiko's fiancé Michael whispered in my ear as he pressed himself against my backside. His hands quickly found their way to my chest, gently massaging my hard-tipped breasts as I tried to focus on the action before me, not the action upon me. 

"Let Matt take over," Michael whispered, a hand leaving me long enough to motion one of his fraternity brothers toward us. Reluctantly, I agreed, and allowed Michael to lead me by the hand and take me outside. 

I wore a blouse, bra, miniskirt, thong, and sandals; Michael wore nothing. As my boyfriend continued to violently force climax upon climax upon my best friend, her fiancé undressed me in the moonlight, ultimately laying me in the dewy grass. 

From inside the house, the cheers and growls and screams seemed to intensify, yet my body felt like it would melt into the earth as Michael gently licked between my thighs, probing me with his fingers like an explorer entering a gold-filled cave for the first time. Michael was slow, respectful, gentle, and caring with me, the exact opposite of how Randy was treating my best friend. And, while nearly a dozen voices yelled encouragement at Randy, only my soft whimpers were available to encourage Michael to continue. 

But, as my passion spiraled skyward, I could tell that Michael held all the encouragement he needed deep within himself. He simply wanted me to participate in the action of the evening, to take a more active role in the festivities. 

Suddenly, I could no longer hear the raucous noise from inside the house. I was oblivious to the stars winking at me from the heavens. I was no longer part of the world beneath me. All I could hear were my own cries of pleasure. A billion stars formed on the inside of my eyelids. My world consisted only of two people: me and my best friend's fiancé. 

After that, my memory is fuzzy. I seem to recall a tongue snaking so deeply into my mouth that I very nearly panicked. I seem to recall hearing a strained groan near my ear. I seem to recall feeling a splattering upon my stomach. 

All that I remember for certain is Keiko laying upon me, gently kissing me as my memory became unclouded. A few of the guys knelt around me, touching us both, their congealed seed trapped between me and my best friend. 

Keiko and I represented the polar opposites of the evening: many versus one, violence versus gentleness, object versus person, East versus West, Japanese versus Caucasian. I suppose the gooey white mess sandwiched between us was our "equalizer." And, through it all, Keiko and I had each other for comfort and support. 

Such polar opposites.