 The evening had started like many others for Jane and I: dropping the kids off at grandma’s for the evening and arriving at Cath and Tony’s for dinner. A couple of nice bottles of red and a lot of conversation led to the foursome gathered around the coffee table playing poker for matches. 

Tony had been complaining that Cath had been exhausting him sexually for the past six months. Two months to get pregnant and the past four since they found out she was. Cath just smiled and patted Tony on the leg. I laughed that she had never been like that before she got married; in fact she was quite the opposite. Jane just shyly smiled. The two girls were friends since school and Cath had always been the prudish one till she met Tony, always stand offish with boy friends, the blonde ice-maiden. But with Tony it had been different from the start. At thirty she met him, and like a smitten schoolgirl had been all over him from that day.

Cath just smiled at the teasing and told Tony to put his money where his mouth was, and start to act like a man, and pouted a big wet kiss at him. I dealt the next hand, and suggested we start to play for money then. Cath said that those stakes weren’t high enough and suggested strip poker. Then ran her tongue over her red lips at Tony. Tony looked at me, and I looked at Jane. Jane blushed shyly and said that matches were quite enough thank you.

Another couple of hands and some more sexual innuendo from Cath and I could see Tony getting a little uncomfortable in his jeans, adjusting the manhood to the other side. I must admit I was getting a little excited at the thought of strip poker with these friends. Cath had always looked pretty hot, but five months pregnant gave her an even sexier glow, her breasts had gone up a size or two and her belly was just showing that rounded look. Mind you, she did little to hide it in a tight Lycra blouse and matching mid length skirt.

Cath sensed Tony’s growing erection, and patted it. “What’s the matter Jane? Tony being naked doesn’t bother you does it?”

My wife spluttered. “Well no it doesn’t. But…”

“Well come on then Jane” Cath implored, “You look great after the kids, and it is only a harmless game between friends. You can stop whenever you get uncomfortable”

“Well, I guess…” said Jane.

“Come on honey it will be fun” I added.

“Well OK then” Jane said. ”Just a few hands”

Tony topped up all the drinks and I shuffled the cards. Jane looked fabulous tonight. She had lost a heap of weight after the kids, her tummy was flat and her legs looked good. Her breasts had got smaller too ( my only complaint but you can’t win them all!) And finally she had started to dress like a sexy woman again, now that her confidence in her looks had returned.

The first few hands came and went and we all lost our shoes. The drinks were topped up again as a few nervous gulps were taken. Cath lost the next hand and stood up to remove her top. I looked at Jane, to notice she was just as interested as Tony and I. Cath peeled off her top to reveal a nice black lace bra. It must have been a pre-pregnancy one because her titties spilled out at the top, making them look enormous.

Jane gasped. Cath smiled “Like them, they’ve grown huh?”

I nodded. Tony proudly announced ”From a 34B to a 36D in just five months!” 

“They are fantastic Cath” I agreed. I had spied her pink nipples through the see through lace. They must have been two inches across!

Tony and I lost the next two hands each. Jane did look interested as Tony peeled off to his boxers. And Cath just whistled as she saw my erection encased in my black briefs. Cath patted Tony’s cock through his red silk boxers and said” My, big boy, you may have a competitor there!”

Jane grinned shyly, looking relieved she was still fully clad, bar her shoes. Cath lost again and started to hum a bump and grind as she peeled down the skirt. Below her rounded belly was a matching pair of black lace panties. But they didn’t do much to hide her blonde-gray bush. Jane had told me about it but I never believed her. Masses of curls covered her inner thighs and nearly up to her navel. Giving her butt a little shake she sat down again.

Tony filled the drinks again as Jane dealt. This time Tony lost and he stood to remove the boxers. He was obviously hard underneath them and he looked at me for approval to proceed. I looked at Jane , but she was just staring at him below the waist. I nodded and he took them down. His cock sprang free. A little shorter than mine but it was like a beer can in circumference. Jane just sighed. I quickly picked up the cards and dealt again.

This time Jane lost and looked at her. We all expected her to remove her little black dress. But she surprised us and wriggled out of her strapless red bra. Tony picked up the little lacy garment and laughed. “This wouldn’t hold one of your titties darling” he said to Cath. Jane blushed 

Jane lost again and went to take off her stay up stockings. “Sorry Honey they don’t count. Just like Tony’s and my socks.

She looked at Cath who nodded. Standing up she wiggled out of her panties and threw them on the table. “Nice G string Jane

Jane blushed again. I smiled at Tony, knowing she was naked under the little dress. I looked at Jane. “Want to stop honey?” I asked. She shook her head, not trusting her voice.

Cath lost next and with a flourish, undid her bra and threw it on the table. Her titties were magnificent; big heavy, but not sagging in the slightest. By my estimation a D cup was an underestimation. Her light pink nipples harden into erect buds. “A bit cold in here Darling” Tony laughed.

“Not at all honey” she replied, tapping Tony’s thick boner. I lost the next hand and stood to remove my briefs. “Get them off” Cath whistled. “Yes!” chimed in Jane. I smiled, realising my wife was enjoying this as much as I was. I made a show of slipping them down, wiggling my butt and playfully hiding my erection with my hands. “Come on big boy, fair is fair!” Cath laughed. I sat next to Tony, and removed my hands. Cath whistled again. My cock (8”) was a good two inches longer than Tony’s. But God his was so fat. And his balls looked enormous, maybe that was just because he had sparse blonde pubes and my dark curls hid my sack almost completely.

Cath grabbed the cards and dealt again. I suspect she cheated but that is hard to say. Anyway, Jane lost. Cath grinned smugly. “You can stop if you want Jane” She said.

Jane stood up, a serious look on her face. “No it is OK Cath” Tony smiled and I smiled back. Her dress unbuttoned from neck to hem. This was going to be a bit of a show! Jane unbuttoned the first few. Her breasts became visible; tanned and small, Then her nipples, dark chocolate brown areolae, erect, about a half inch long. Then down to her flat belly to her white tan mark. She turned around as she let it fall to the ground, her butt firm and thin white tan line where her g string bikini covered leading to promised pleasures. Tony smiled broadly as she turned around, her pubes trimmed to a small triangle above pink, smooth shaven lips.

“Very nice” Cath sighed. “You really have got your figure back since the kids” She stood up. So I might as well join you all them. And she turned around, bent over and slipped off her panties. I noticed those lovely blonde curls went all the way to her anus. And I thought I detected a glisten as her labia parted slightly.

“So that is the end of the game?” Jane asked. “No” replied Cath. “Now we can do dares to each other. The highest cut card dares the lowest.”

“Oh” Jane said hesitantly.

Cath cut the lowest card and I cut the highest first. ‘Right ‘ I thought ‘lets fix up Tony.’ “ Cath, lick Tony’s nipples for two minutes” I commanded.

She smiled and went to work on his nipples, swirling her tongue like it was a little cock. Tony won next and Jane lost. “Jane do the same to Fred” 

Did he know I loved that? I wondered as Jane licked at my chest. My cock twitched as she sucked at them.

Cath won next and Jane lost again. “ Jane, pretend you are a table top dancer and part your legs and rub yourself in front of Fred. For two minutes.” She looked at me hesitantly. I nodded and said it was OK. Jane climbed up on the table and turned her back to Tony and Cath. She parted her legs. I could faintly smell her sweet scent as her fingers danced across her smooth lips and played with her hard clitty. Her eyes closed as she got lost in the sensation, just as Tony said “Time’s up.” He had moved behind my shoulder for a look at my wife’s lovely trimmed pussy.

Jane won the next and Cath lost. She looked at her with an evil grin. “Well Cath, if Tony can’t satisfy your lust, show him how you do it for yourself for five minutes.”

Cath smiled and climbed up on the table and lay back. Her hand snaked around her swollen belly, and parted her hairy lips. Her inner pink petals were glistening in the light as she dipped a finger in her wet hole and circled her hard swollen pearl. Cath’s other hand pinched at her nipples as she pushed first one then two then three fingers into her gaping wet pussy. Then both hands on her pussy, rolling her clit as she finger fucked her vagina. Cath started to moan as Jane announced five minutes, and Cath’s eyes opened. She looked at Tony and smiled. “So that is how to do it, big boy!”

Jane looked at me. “ You were rubbing your hard on Fred. That is against the rules.” I looked down at my fist around my cock, the tip wet with pre-come. “So you are the next loser” she declared. 

They cut for winner, and Tony won. He looked at me and smiled wickedly. “Tit fuck your wife for two minutes – without coming!” Jane just looked at him, and defiantly lay back on the floor. I straddled her, my balls trailing on her stomach, my hard on between her little B cup titties. She pushed them together, but they barely covered the sides of the shaft. I rubbed my cock back and forward, trying desperately to think of anything but Cath and Jane, naked in the same room.

I lost the next cut and Cath won “ Now do the same to my breasts.” I looked at Jane. This was moving the game up a level. But she smiled and said “Bet you can’t do it!” The sly dog remembered how I used to love it when her titties were breast feeding, bigger and fuller. She remembered I would come in no time at all.

Cath lay back, her heavy breasts fell a little to the sides, as she rolled her nipples. “Come on then lover boy” she teased “Bet you can’t stop yourself” Tony nodded his approval, so I straddled her belly. The feeling of her pregnant belly on my hairy balls, combined with the soft warm titties encasing my swollen cock was nearly too much. Some how I managed to get through that magnificent two minutes without blowing my wad.

I sat back down. Next hand I won and Tony lost. “ Well big fella, do the same as me. Two minutes on Jane’s then two on Cath’s.” Jane lay back and pushed her little breasts together. They barely touched the sides of his fat shaft, so she put her hand over his shaft to enclose it properly. Tony’s eyes closed as she rubbed his fat shaft but he lasted for Jane. Cath’s titties were a different story though. A few strokes and he shot his load of creamy come over her big breasts and up to her neck. His fat cock went soft, but god it was still thick! “ That is the story of my life at the moment” She moaned.

Cath maybe you need to try some staying power” Jane winked at me.

Tony won the next hand and the girls drew lowest. “ So what happens now?” Jane asked.

“You both get the best of both worlds” Tony smiled. “ On all fours side by side and rub your pussies. Fred will take ten strokes in each”

Jane and Cath lined up next to each other, Jane’s firm butt next to Cath’s pregnant shape, Jane’s shaved lips and Cath’s mass of blonde curls every where. “ And Fred will fuck the one that begs for it the most.” Tony added.

Cath laughed ”Looks like he will be fucking me then!” “ No way” Jane countered.

I started with Jane. Her smooth pussy was soft and wet as I slide in and out.” Yes my lover I want your cock” she moaned “ Fill me with that big cock” My ten strokes were slow and long, her hips moving in a familiar rhythm that years of marriage develops. All the while Cath was fingering her pussy and moaning” I want your cock Fred I want it in my pussy, I want that long hard cock of yours!” Her pregnant belly and big breasts rubbing on the carpet as she rocked on four fingers deep inside her.

After ten glorious strokes of my wife’s pussy I pulled out. She cried in surprise, maybe not realising I was going to slide into her best friend’s pussy for real. Tony told her to keep begging and to masturbate while I did the same to Cath.; ten strokes only. His semi hard cock was in his hand, slowly pulling the thick weapon as I got behind his lovely wife. “ Come on stud, put that long dick in me” she moaned, ”I want it I need it now!”

Cath’s blonde hairs tickled all the way down my shaft as I slowly sunk into her. God this was one wet open pussy. They tickled my stomach and thighs as I reached bottom. And god was she open. No wonder Tony had trouble filling her, even with that beer can cock. “Mmmmmmm” she sighed. “That is good” 

“Fred, I need your cock back here” Jane moaned as I slowly withdrew from Cath’s soaking pussy. “ No I need him ‘ Cath moaned, “ I need his long cock in me”

Well I thought, I will have to go in Jane because Cath is so loose there is no friction at all. Then suddenly as I was sliding in for the second time, she suddenly squeezed down, her pussy like a glove. “Ohhhh!” I moaned. “Oh fuck”

Cath moaned again, then looked at me with a big grin. “Good huh?” “Jesus “ I moaned, and plunged down again. My load built up from somewhere down around my toes and exploded in Cath. I rolled off her and flopped back on the carpet spent.

Cath just looked at me. “See what I mean about not getting any satisfaction”

Tony laughed “I should have warned you about that, mate” I just groaned. But Jane looked at Cath with a broad smile and moved her head between her legs. “ I think I may be able to help her” she said.

But that is another story altogether