 All characters are 18 or older. All characters are original, and any similarities between them and actual people is not intended. This story includes group sex, lesbian sex, humiliation, voyerism, strapons, oral, anal, vaginal sex, rough sex, deep throating, and everything else that should be included in modern political discourse.

*****

President Nora couldn't believe she was living in the same country she had grown up in. Politics had changed drastically in the last few years. She knew that the news and the public wanted more and more entertainment out of it, but perhaps it had finally gone too far. She shuddered at what was to come next. 

In 2025 the senate passed a bill allowing the public to propose and pass amendments to the constitution if votes overcame a certain threshold. In this new age of science this form of democracy was now possible, and desired. Citizens could tweet what they wanted, and their representatives had to respond if the number was high enough. Later that same year a bill was passed to allow the public to watch government votes in real time, 24/7, as entertainment, and to increase voter participation. Because of this, more and more attractive and bombastic representatives were voted in. Politics became more and more a sport than a governmental body.

In 2026 it was decided, on a whim of the public, that senators were to pay for being on the losing side of bills. That way, more consequence was put onto their actions. It was at first financial, then provocative reality television type punishments, and now it was... well...

She had supported these policies, thinking the senators at the time were corrupt and needed to be taught a lesson. She also thought more citizens should be pulled into political activity through entertainment. Now she was the most powerful person in the world, but the first president in history to be humiliated in such a manner as today. 

The year was 2027, and she was on the losing side of a bill proposed by the people of the United States. She knew why she had been elected into office. It wasn't her Harvard law degree or her history in SGA at college, or her Masters in civil engineering. She wished that was the reason. It was the fact that she was an attractive ginger with larger than average breasts and ass. She knew this, and had made her peace with it. But now came the time that she realized what her consequence would be. She had chortled at her enemies, and at how her looks had gotten her past the primaries against her fellow party members, but now she feared that the same thing that had gotten her elected would get her the punishment of a lifetime. 

It was for her country, she reasoned. It was what the people wanted... god, this is what the people want isn't it?

She walked up to the podium, acknowledging the drones flying around her from multiple angles. She hoped she was not blushing too much. She wore a black suit and sighed through her rapidly beating heart. Then she began her speech in the most professional way possible, 

"At four forty six today a bill was passed by the people of the United States to strengthen the enforcement of governmental minority voting repercussions. I am not part of the senate or house of representatives, but since I tried to veto this bill and it was overturned I am treated as against it. I tried to veto this bill because I believed it would lessen the moral quality of voters and their representatives... however, the people have spoken and I acknowledge their will." She gulped and looked out into the crowd. "From this point forward all those who vote against any bill signed into office by the majority of US persons with henceforth mandated to participate in..." She took a deep breath. Did she really have to read this? What god awful constituency did she represent? She nearly choked saying the foreign and provocative words, "Sexual punishment, as decided by those representatives who had voted for the proposed bill. These punishments must follow prescribed rules included in section nine of the bill. These rules exclude the use of illegal and unsanitary practices. With these as the only exceptions," She closed her eyes. 

Did she really want to be president of such a terrible people? "The winners may fuck the losers all they like for four hours after every vote." She forced herself to say it. She heard some jeers and yells from the senate and house below her. Her fingers clenched the document she read from. "Furthermore, the process will be observed by the American people, and streamed from governmental channels." The audience, and all the free world waited for her next words. Suddenly, she felt all the stress leave her body as she realized what was about to happen, and accepted it. "I swore a vow to upkeep this nations interests. So without further ado, I hereby sign this legislation into office, and by the wording of this legislation I am obligated by the American people to say," She still hesitated. It was so unlike her. She never thought this would ever be passed. That she would ever by on the losing side of a bill. "My ass needs a good fucking."

She felt cheers not just in the room, but from the whole nation. Strangely, it has been a bi-partisan vote, and she was part of the 20% of the elected officials that had voted against. She also represented the whole of the executive branch, and gulped as she met eyes with her cabinet members. They would experience the same fate.

In meer seconds the room became chaotic. Clothing was stripped off of various personal, there were screams of joy, screams of humiliation, and Nora simply watched for a full minute as the chaos ensued. 

She saw her secretary of state, Johna Edwards, a young thin woman with black hair, submit herself to a man who had been a moderately famous actor five months before. Oh how time does fly. "Miss President!" She heard her secretary scream loyal to the end, "It's fine, it's not too bad," She could no longer speak once the man had her mouth around his dick.

Finally, she felt a hand on her shoulder and turned. It was Patrick Slate, her opponent in the last election, and senator of Oklahoma. "I've been waiting a long time for this." He smiled. He had short black hair, and a young, inviting face. She gulped. "The people are waiting." He was right. She looked to the nearest camera drone and tried not to cry. She was stalling. She had to face this with dignity... or, however much dignity she could. She unbuttoned and removed her coat unceremoniously. It was all some sort of strange vivid dream. Then she felt herself pushed against the pedestal before she had unbuttoned her blouse, face towards the cameras and the senate floor. She guessed she had been taking too much time. Everyone she thought was rational, everyone who had voted against this, everyone with any sense left found themselves at the mercy of the majority. 

A slap across her rear end silenced all thoughts. Why couldn't he just fuck her already? Why all the build up? Did he know she liked that? The cameras caught her confusion and embarrassment in the chaos. Then she felt her skirt rising up to her waist, and her underwear pulled aside. She trembled when she realized it was being shown to everyone at home. God, her parents were probably watching. She tried to stay composed for them. An oiled finger entered her ass and she moaned, gripping the pedestal and curling her toes, lifting her ass higher. Then came another slap across her bare ass. She grunted and sighed even louder. So much for composure. She looked up and saw another political rival. 

Minda Grene had run against her in the primaries. She was thin with streaks of grey in her raven black hair, but still a remarkable body for fifty years of age. Almost no wrinkles, no fat, just nice proportions and well trimmed body.

Nora almost choked when she saw when her opponent was wearing. Midna smiled and grabbed Nora by the hair, "So, are you still on the fence about gay marriage?" Nora gulped, her nose was dragged down the womans cleavage, forcing her to smell the Midna's sweat and heat, then down her buttons and fine jacket. Poking out of her skirt was a large, transparent silicone dildo. Nora smelled the oil, and felt the slickness across her face. "I think I'll fuck some sense into you." She heard, and then she felt her mouth forced open and the member inserted. It forced her jaw wide and she tried to relax it. She'd deep throated a dick before, but it had been for her husband. Damn, he was probably watching too. She hoped he understood, this was for the good of democracy.

The finger in her ass was pulling her up and forced her back to arch. When it did her pussy met a thick, solid rod of something that began to slowly enter her. Nora moaned into the dildo that began fucking her face just as Patrick Slate fucked her from behind with a thumb in her ass. Midnas hands held her head down, and she felt strong hand pull apart her blouse from behind. "Your father is a minister right? I wonder how he feels about how slick your pussy is right now?" Patrick mocked her, and it worked. She imagined her father seeing her like this and the tears began. 

One of her legs was lifted into the air, her shaved pussy was on display. She moaned her discontent and felt the toy leaving her mouth. She took that time to gasp for more air. "I'll let the next guy in line have a turn, I want a taste of that pussy." She saw Midna leave and tried to persuade her not to. The idea of another woman touching her like that made her skin crawl. However, a stranger had his dick inside her mouth before she could react. This cock tasted like a woman, she thought. This man had already fucked some of her friends, maybe even her cabinet members, maybe even her secretary of state. The thumb in her ass gripped tighter as a tongue licked at her clit. She screamed against the cock in her mouth as another woman touched her, turned her on, and brought her closer to cumming. She tried to tell herself that this is what the people wanted. She was represented in the free country, she had a vote too, and that made this consensual. That made this right.

"Get that deeper down her throat, I'm sure she can take it." She heard Midna say as she slapped Noras pussy. Nora yelped, her mouth widened, and the stranger thrust himself down her throat. She felt it hit the back of her throat and let herself relax, she had to. She knew it would hurt if she didn't. She felt the man shove her nose into his crotch and her chin into his balls. She was getting dizzy after another few seconds, but she'd be lying if she said she didn't enjoy it. She was very good at taking a dick this way.

The man let her breath just as Midna found a sweet spot on her clit and began rubbing. She moaned without any restriction and coughed as she gasped for air. Everything felt so good. She couldn't think about anything. She needed air, and she needed to cum. She felt her bra snap open and her breasts pour out. Then the dick found itself inside her lips again, fucking the dirty mouth that had gotten her here in the first place. 

She almost felt like she would black out just before the dick came out of her again. She coughed and gagged it out as she felt the mans spunk fall over her face, chest, hair, mouth and gasping lungs. It couldn't just be him, no man could cum that much. She couldn't see past the cum-splattered hair, but she knew there were many men waiting for their turn. How long was this going to last? She felt her pussy and ass tensing up. This was it. She was cumming. She clenched her teeth and seethed in defeat. "Nora likes being Americas fucktoy, doesn't she?" Her rival slapped her ass again and she screamed in defiance one last time, but the smell and the sex and the public exhibition overcame her rebellion.

She never thought she'd cum with a woman on her clit, but she did. She came hard and came ugly. It was long and unending, her whole body was sore and exhausted and full of sex and pleasure and desire for more. Her mind went blank, and when she awoke she was sucking another anonymous dick, and stroking two others, one with each hand, In her post orgasm haze she felt a wave of pleasure as Patrick came inside her between pulses of her orgasm, "What a whore," He said as he finished up, "Really enjoyed that ride didn't you?" She was surprised when her lung hummed the affirmative. She felt empty when he left, but then something large began to stretch her asshole. She moaned into the dick in her mouth and felt her tits being pinched from behind. She heard Midnas voice in her ear, "I heard our president likes it in the ass." She began thrusting roughly with the lubed cock. Nora screamed and tried to gasp through the dick. The sensation must have set him off, because even as she spat him out he shot strait into her face. Her muscles failed her and she held onto whatever she could for support as her ass was given a fucking like never before. Her eyes stung with salty cum.

Nora had an active and adventurous sex life, but nothing like this. She'd never been with a woman before, she'd never been with more than one person at a time before. "Hey, bring her over here!" She heard. She looked up and saw the secretary of state, Johna Edwards, buck naked and eyes glazed over. "Make her eat her out!" She heard. No, please, not that. Her trusted advisor was walked to her. 

Miss Edwards gulped and held her sticky hair with both hands, "I'm sorry Miss President." And she pushed her commander in chief to her clit. They'd been friend and allies for years, this was perverse and strange on so many levels. They had met each others husbands.

Nora groaned her disapproval, but felt a slap across her ass. "Come on!" Her ass was fucked even harder. She stuck out her tongue and began licking her friends pussy. It tasted like cum and sweat, and it was sopping wet. 

"Miss president!" She heard her friend coo her title and push her closer. She was enjoying this. Did she feel that way towards her boss? Something about that filled her with strange relaxing aura. She felt herself loosen, and she felt her self coming closer to orgasm again. "Oh, Oh yes, right there!" She found the clit and made circles around it with her mouth. She heard the woman pant and moan above her, shoving herself into Noras face with impunity. "P-President Nora!" She shouted as she shook and came on her tongue. Nora continued licking until the seizing subsisted. 

"That was, EEK!" She saw her friend pushed aside and felt her leg lifted again. Then she saw that she was being placed to lick her presidents pussy. 

"Wait!" Nora objected. "Wait, I'm not..." she couldn't go on. The cock in her ass pounded deep, and when her friend began to go down on her, pushed from behind by yet another political opponent, she couldn't hold it in. She couldn't say a coherent sentence anymore, she just humped and moaned and cursed and squealed. The Miss Edwards had done this before, and was very good at it. Too good at it. She wished the secretary wouldn't make her cum so fast in front of the cameras. "OOOHHH!" she yelled at the top of her lungs again and again. It seemed like the men had had their fill, because she saw another woman enter her field of view and kiss her full on the mouth, and another began to nibble and lick at her tits. Normally she'd be disgusted, but she didn't care now. With the tongue in her mouth she kept moaning and humming until she hit another peak and came in another series of shockwaves. She didn't care that she was getting off to women fucking her. She ground against the cock in her ass and her subordinates face. She was crying from the pleasure, "Yes, just like that, just like that!" she shouted when her mouth was free. She came down slowly and loudly and shivered with pleasure with every touch and every kiss. In the end she was left satisfied and sore, slowly gyrating on the pedestal as the public officials found someone more conscious to fuck. They left her there and she panted until she had enough oxygen to fall asleep. 

She awoke in her secretary of states arms, both unconscious on the floor of the senate. Both were covered in cum, sweat and juices. They met eyes for a full minute before either spoke. How could she possibly reconcile what just happened?

"So," Nora wheezed, "Strange bedfellows, amiright?