 Has it ever happened to you that you've opened your big mouth and, before you even say a word, you know you're going to say the wrong thing? And you go ahead and say it anyway. We all get those rushes of blood. Usually we quickly backtrack, with apologies, explaining the listeners misunderstood what you meant. Sometimes we don't.

It was a hot sultry summer's day and by some sort of osmosis a half dozen of us had finished up at a friend's house. Oddly enough there was an even mix of male to female, even though none of the couples there were currently dating. Quite frankly I didn't know if any of them ever had dated. We were just a bunch of friends who happened to wind up at the same place at the same time.

We were sprawled around in the front room, AC blasting and music blasting even louder. I was sitting back in an easy chair, completely relaxed, listening to the music and watching the others interact. Well, to be precise, I was watching Nadia. 

Nadia was a petite blonde. At eighteen, she was the youngest one in the group. She was very nicely stacked and dressed for the heat in an abbreviated sundress with what was, I suspected, a bikini underneath, giving her the option to safely shed the dress if the opportunity arose. 

It's funny, isn't it, how women are terrified of being caught in their undies but think nothing of wearing a bathing costume that has even less material than the underwear.

While I was sitting, contemplating, Nadia looked over at me and was watching me watching her. 

"What are you looking so serious about?" she asked with a laugh.

"Not serious," I protested. "Merely thoughtful."

"Ah, I see. In that case, what are you thinking?"

This is the point where I opened my mouth, knowing I shouldn't say what I was about to say.

"I was thinking that you are a very lovely young woman and I would very much like to see you naked."

And of course someone decided to change the music at that very moment, so my comment rang out loud and clear.

There was dead silence for a moment and then came the inevitable protests. 

"You can't say things like that," Mike pointed out, promptly backed up by Peter. Kate and Marie just seemed amused and Nadia was blushing.

For a moment I felt like apologising. After all, people didn't really say thing like that out loud. Then I had a 'to hell with it' moment. I never did like being politically correct.

"I can say things like that," I retorted. "I just did. Weren't you listening?"

"We mean that you shouldn't say things like that. It's just not done."

"Why not? I was asked what I was thinking and so I answered. If Nadia didn't want to know she shouldn't have asked."

"Maybe so, but there was no need to embarrass her."

"Why should she be embarrassed? I merely pointed out that she's very lovely and I'd like to see her naked. Let me check. Who else here wouldn't mind if Nadia was naked?"

I could have guessed the results. Kate and Marie put their hands up, giggling, while Mike and Peter kept their hands firmly down.

"And just what is that supposed to prove?" asked Mike.

"It shows that the women tell the truth and that the men lie. You can't tell me that you wouldn't both love to see Nadia nude. There's not a man alive who wouldn't appreciate the view. Even an eunuch would appreciate it, even if only for aesthetic reasons."

"That doesn't mean that we go about talking about it," muttered Peter.

"In other words, you agree that she'd be a lovely sight. It seems the vote is five nil that you should be naked, Nadia. Care to oblige?"

"You've got to be kidding. No way am I taking my clothes off just to please you," protested Nadia.

"You don't have to. I'm quite willing to take them off for you. Hands up those who think I should help Nadia out of her clothes."

Same as last time. Kate and Marie giggled and put their hands up and Mike and Peter looked embarrassed and kept their hands down. 

"Come over here, Nadia," I coaxed, laughing when she vehemently shook her head.

"Would it help if the others were naked?" I asked.

Nadia looked startled. So did Kate and Marie.

"Kate, you seem to think it's a fair thing for Nadia to be nude. How about you demonstrate your free thinking by showing her that you're not embarrassed to be nude in a group?"

It was Kate's turn to laugh.

"I don't think so. You'd probably jump me as soon as I was naked. I'll pass."

"Now really, Kate. You wrong me. I wouldn't lay a finger on you. I'm saving myself for Nadia. You can strip quite happily knowing that I won't touch you. Mike, on the other hand, will probably ravish you, but as far as I'm concerned. . .

Marie voted for nudity. How about if she strips at the same time as you? With both of you undressed Nadia will have to go along with it."

"No, she won't," muttered a little voice.

Marie was giggling. 

"I don't mind showing off," she said, "but there's no way I'm agreeing to have sex with anyone."

"That's OK. Sex is not compulsory. Do you want to get undressed yourself or would you like someone to help you?"

"I can do it. How about you, Kate?" she added as she started undoing the catches on her skirt.

Marie was wearing a bikini under her skirt and top and wasn't at all embarrassed to take her top things off. She preened in her bikini, silently daring Kate to do the same. Kate shrugged and blushed but took off her shorts and t-shirt. The blush was because she was wearing proper underwear and men were now looking at her in her undies.

"Nadia?" I asked.

She gave me an irritated look.

"My dress only, OK? I don't mind being in my bikini, but the bikini stays on."

I had seen Nadia in a bikini before, but not quite as up close and personal. She filled that bikini beautifully, but it wasn't nudity. Yet.

"Michael," I said softly, "Kate looks a little embarrassed standing there like that. Why don't you help her out of those things?"

Kate look faintly horrified as Mike stood up and moved over to her, but she just stood there, frozen as he unclipped her bra and then lowered her panties. You could see she wanted to cover herself and was forcing herself not to.

"Marie?" I challenged.

I was actually quite surprised by Marie. She was the one that I thought would protest the most but she was right into the whole idea. She just calmly undid her top and then dropped the bottom half of her bikini, preening as we admired her figure.

At that point we all turned to look at Nadia. Her face was blazing red and she was chewing on her lip. No-one said anything; we just waited to see what she'd do.

What she did was give me a killing look, then slowly and reluctantly took off her bikini. She was delicious.

"Mike, I sort of promised Kate that if she took her clothes of you'd ravish her. Would you be so kind as to drag her over to that armchair and bend her over it and do the honours? I wouldn't want to break my word to her."

Mike seemed to have no objections. We watched with interest as he towed Kate over to the armchair, having her bend forward over it. Kate was protesting but there was no real conviction in what she was saying and her struggles were non-existent. She turned her head to look at us watching her as Mike started stroking her bottom and his hand dipped between her legs.

There was a slight gasp from all three young ladies (Kate's was loudest) as Mike demonstrated that he was quite willing and able to ravish Kate. Marie turned quickly to me.

"I said I wasn't agreeing to sex," she hastily reminded me.

"I know. That's your privilege. No-one's going to make you. If you change your mind just say the word. Peter will be only too happy to help you."

I got up out of my chair and strolled casually over to her. Taking her arm I steered her over to where Pete was sitting relaxed on the couch, enjoying the scenery. Before Marie twigged to what I was doing I turned her half around and propelled her over Pete's lap. Pete's hand seemed to just automatically come down on her back to hold her in place.

"Why don't you play spanky, spanky, for a short while, Pete? See if it will encourage Marie to change her mind."

The suggestion was accepted with some enthusiasm. By Pete anyway. I could hear a rhythmic slap of hand on bottom before I was back at my seat. On my way to it I snared Nadia's arm and drew her down onto my lap.

"Why is Pete spanking Marie?" Nadia demanded. "She's allowed to say no if she wants to."

"Of course she is, but she wants to say yes. She just needs a reason that she can justify to herself. The spanking will provide it."

My hands were busy, running over Nadia's body. She was so busy watching Kate and Marie that she didn't seem to notice what I was up to. This changed abruptly when my hand closed over her mound and squeezed.

"What do you think you're doing?" she said with a little squeak in her voice.

"It's called foreplay or petting," I said lazily. "It's where I get acquainted with your lovely body before parting your legs and letting you get acquainted with my body."

I was lightly massaging her, my hand moving gently back and forth, squeezing and rubbing. Nadia was twisting about restlessly, trying to push me away, but not having any success. I twisted her so that she was facing me slightly more, leaned forward and captured a nipple with my mouth. 

A pair of hands latched onto my hair and tugged. Not pulled, just tugged lightly. Expressing her unwillingness for me to be doing this to her but not really trying to stop me. My mouth drifted across her breasts, kissing and grazing my teeth against her breasts as my mouth sought and found her other nipple. A little bit of tongue and teeth work and both her nipples were erect and pointing.

At the same time my hand was busy between her legs, not only massaging but probing within her, fingers moving back and forth, exciting her.

I paused for a moment at the sound of a squeal from Marie and we both looked across. She was now on all fours with Pete driving in hard.

"Told you," I murmured. "The spanking certainly didn't last long, now did it? She just needed the excuse."

"But what about me? I don't want to have sex either. Are you going to spank me til I give up?"

"Don't be silly. I'm just going to help you straddle me and lower yourself onto me. Now be quiet while I play with your nipples."

With that I closed my mouth over her breast, gently sucking. Nadia's hands were back in my hair, but not even tugging this time, just holding.

I managed to get one hand down to unfasten my trousers. Trousers that had been increasingly confining as I played with Nadia. Now my desire was rearing up, eager for action. I turned Nadia so that she was now straddling me, facing me, and pulled her bottom closer to me. I saw on her face the moment she realised just what her slit was now pressing against.

She was looking at me, shaking her head in negation, while my hands cupped her bottom and lifted. I didn't have to use any strength, she rose remarkably easily, and I pulled her even closer to me, my erection now pressing up and stabbing at her pussy.

I removed my hands, leaving her poised above my erection, while I reached up and covered her breasts and waited. Nadia was still whispering, "No," even as she slowly settled down onto me. I didn't try to hurry her. I just sat there, relaxed and erect, hands cupping her breasts and thumbs teasing her nipples while she slowly sank down onto me, taking me deeper with every passing moment.

Finally Nadia seemed to give a little shudder, settling firmly onto me. She looked slightly stunned, as though she couldn't believe that she was doing this. She couldn't even protest that I was forcing her, as she'd been the one in control. I think that was irking her more than anything else. 

She sat there, straddling me, my erection firmly inside her.

"Now what?" she demanded.

"Now you bounce," I murmured quietly.

"I won't, you know," she muttered.

"Please yourself."

I sat comfortably, enjoying the feel of her wrapped around me. Nadia was breathing slightly harder than normal and her face was flushed. A minute or so passed then she began to move a little, restless. I picked up the cue and pushed against her as she moved, to which she responded by pushing back against me. 

From there things progressed, a little at a time. I continued to press, receiving pressure in reply. After a while my cock was actually moving inside her, pressing up and pulling back. Nadia changed from just pushing against me to rising slightly as I pulled back so that I would withdraw a little. Then she'd sink back down onto me as I pushed back up. 

I was enjoying myself, watching her slowly overcome her reluctance, moving up and down on my cock, her legs flexing as she slid up and down. The gentle motion became faster. Whether she intended it or not, Nadia was most definitely bouncing, sliding up and down, taking me deep, gasping and muttering to herself as she did so.

It was unfortunate but I have to admit that the things she was muttering weren't compliments. Terms like bullying, male chauvinist and brute were bandied around, and I suspect that they were all referring to me. Still, I had broad shoulders and could take a little abuse, especially when it was delivered while the abuser was enthusiastically bouncing on my cock.

My hands were lightly cupping her breasts, feeling the nipples rub against my palms as Nadia bounced. Shifting one hand to her back to steady her, I took one nipple between my teeth, rolling my tongue over it.

Nadia was moaning now, little noises that were almost of distress, but a distress of pleasure overload. She was shaking her head slowly, wanting to be lifted that last little bit. I was only too happy to oblige. I wanted to explode. My hands slid down to her hips, holding tightly, then I thrust in hard and fast, wanting to bring the storm down upon us. My mouth closed over her as I drove in, swallowing her cries and letting her swallow my heartfelt groan as I released myself into her. 

She was clinging to me, shuddering as her needs were satisfied, then just holding me as she slumped against me.

I glanced around. Mike and Pete both had big smiles on their faces. Kate and Marie were unreadable. Nadia finally straightened up and looked around. Kate and Marie both nodded to her and all three of them bounced to their feet, grabbed their clothes and vanished.

Mike and Pete looked at me and I shrugged. What could I say? Nothing, really. It had certainly been an interesting episode. After a while the girls trooped back, all dressed, faces bland, acting as though nothing had happened. We took our cue from them and didn't say a word.

I can't help wondering if we were likely to have a similar episode in the future. Having it happen once was like a lightning strike. Something you couldn't foresee or prevent. A second time? Lightning does strike twice sometimes, now doesn't it?