 This is a quickie story and not as long as I usually write. It's also like the rest of my stories in that I do not write them with much descriptive sex in them. I like to think that my style is more of describing the chase, than the actual catch. It is just a quirk I have. It's sort of like those old time radio shows where you have to use a lot of imagination. This story should have enough facts for you to use your imagination to fill it in though. 

I have to thank Stephanvista for the fine editing skills without which this effort would not be readable. Although it never fails, when I get a work back from my editor I always have to change something so any mistakes are mine. I like the constructive criticism comments I get back from readers because I learn from them. The slash and burn comments will be deleted as soon as I see them because they are a waste of time.

******

This incident happened way back in about 1976. Yeah I know I'm showing my age, but the events in this tale are one of my favourite memories. At this point in time, I had known Ashley for about eight years with six of those years the two of us were married. The two of us were still experimenting and looking for new things to add to the sexual part in our relationship. We both took pleasure in sex a lot, and weren't afraid to try out anything that came to mind. So any new sexual activities we discovered just had to be tried out.

In 1976 nobody could even imagine things like the internet, and it would still be a few years until that came along, so the biggest contributor to our expanding fun was the Penthouse letters booklet that came out every now and then. We would read some of those stories and fantasize about them or even try some of the things these people had done by role playing. Believe me, we had a fair bit of fun experimenting finding new things to keep the excitement level up.

The kinkiest thing we had done up to that point was a couple of threesomes with a few other single friends in our bed. That certainly added a bit more spice to our bedroom fun, but the friends were leery of continuing things so that idea petered out. I guess we were just too liberal thinking for them. I guess that information gives you the highlights of our past lives and tells you a bit about our sex lives up to that point. 

Ashley and I had been married for about five years when we had finally saved enough to put a down payment on a place of our own. The house and acreage we bought was a heck of a deal. The original owners spent every dime they had buying the land and building the house, then couldn't afford the day to day stuff of living there so instead of losing everything they sold it to us. The dwelling was in a new development carved out of the bush about ten miles outside of town and all the houses in it were fairly secluded. There were eight other couples that had moved into the development about the same time we did, and we were all about the same age. We spent some time getting to know all of the neighbours and found we all got along pretty well.

With everyone's homes being new, there was also a lot of helping each other with those new home owner projects. Of course that led to a lot of after work parties. Being young and after a few drinks we all flirted with each other as we had our fun. Ashley and I soon noticed that four of the other couples seemed to be pretty close, and after some questioning of the other neighbours we came to the conclusion the four couples were swapping. The times being what they were meant no one minded that fact.

Ashley and I had thought about getting into the swinging scene, but so far we hadn't found any groups or clubs that interested us. The swinger scene sounded like a good idea since doing the pickup in the bar route was a concern because you just never knew what kind of people you would meet. The two times we did play with friends they got so uncomfortable around us afterwards they weren't as close as they were before so a swingers group was a good thing because we wouldn't have to worry about making moves on friends. We pretty well knew which neighbours were swapping and had spent a few evenings fantasizing about which ones we would like to be with and were sure the thrill and excitement of being in that group would make any of them fun too be with.

Ashley liked John from down the road because he had those rugged outdoors looks and she knew without me telling her who I would like to play with. She knew I had this fetish for breasts and Karen from across the road would be my choice but as far as we could tell Karen and her husband, Cam, weren't swingers. 

So with us knowing we would like to join a group we decided that we would approach some of the couples that were swinging in the neighbourhood and see if they were interested in having us join their group.

Those plans of joining in with a group got put on hold one Saturday in the middle of the second summer we were on the acreage. Ashley and I were in the front room playing a new game. We had been in Radio Shack the day before and saw this new electronic game and on impulse bought it. The game was called Pong. It was made by a company called Atari. If you are unfamiliar with Pong, it was one of the first, made for home, electronic games that brought in the whole electronic gaming craze. With this Pong game all you had to do is hook it up to the TV plug in the console and play. I don't know why, but the game was mesmerizing. Watching the ball bounce back and forth as two guys tried to get their paddle in position to return it to the other side of the screen was simple, but back then it was the latest thing and it was addicting.

While we played we were happy of the fact we had air conditioning. The coolness sure felt better than being outside doing chores. I was in a tee shirt and shorts and Ashley was wearing a halter top and daisy duke shorts. Our game was interrupted by Karen as she knocked on the door. She was my wet dream neighbour from across the road and when she knocked I answered the door and let her in.

She was always pleasant on the eyes and those tits of hers were always an eye magnet for me. That day was no different. I admired her in her tight almost see through spaghetti string tank top and shorts. That top of hers didn't do too much to hide the frilly black bra that was underneath that top holding in those D cup boobs of hers.

As I have said many times, to anyone that will listen, I was, and still am a tit man. I always enjoyed tits in any size shape or form, and Karen's were right up there on the top of the list of titties of my fantasies. 

She had come over to borrow a 3/8 inch wrench. Cam, her husband, had misplaced his somewhere or other and needed one to assemble a cabinet for their front entry. When I went to the garage to get the wrench for her she saw the Pong game and was fascinated with it. Ashley and her sat on the sofa to play a game while I went to get the wrench. I came back with the wrench and Karen and Ashley were engaged in the game and playing.

Did I mention the game was addicting?

Every time one would lose there had to be just one more game, and on it went. Drinks were brought out and the two girls continued on with their play. I took the wrench over to Cam's and helped assemble his cabinet and install it. As we worked I told him about the Pong game we bought and that Karen and Ashley were immersed in it. He had heard of the game and wanted to see the game in action so once we finished installing the cabinet we went back to my place.

I had been gone an hour when we got back to my place and the two girls were still playing that game. Somewhere along the line the two of them had put a big dent in that bottle of whiskey. Because they had drank so much, the game play between the two of them was quite boisterous. At the end of one game Cam and I managed to talk them into letting us play.

It didn't take long until there was a rotating tournament going on where everyone was playing everyone else. As time went on, and after a few games things were getting pretty spirited. One time the girls were playing as Cam and I were sitting at the table and as guys do the talk turned to sex. We both complemented each other on the others wife's looks and from there we somehow were talking about swappers. We both admitted we were thinking about joining in with the neighbours and their swap group.

The girls finished their game and Cam went to play against Ashley. That's when Cam suggested we should make the game more competitive and that the loser had to forfeit some clothing. Being young that sounded like a lot of fun so there were no complaints. We then decided that seeing as the girls had more clothing on than Cam or I, that instead of just a blouse the forfeit should be to go topless. It didn't take long after that for Cam to win and have Ashley go topless.

Karen was the next loser and when she removed her top and bra I was in heaven. Karen with those D cup tits of hers, displayed right in front of me, was a sight to behold. Those tits were firm and standing proud with no sag to speak of. They were larger than a handful and were topped off with silver dollar sized areola and long nipples. It sure didn't take long for those nipples to turn hard in the cool room. I was mesmerized watching them as every movement she made had those tits jiggling, which was sexy as all get out.

Cam and I didn't even wait to lose playing the game, and took off our shirts. We sat on the sofa and got the two girls to sit on the floor in front of us as they played. Karen was sitting in front of me, and Ashley was sitting between Cam's legs and the game consul was on the coffee table in front of them. The girls started another game and Cam and I looked at each other and I told him the girls needed some distraction so Cam and I reached over them and started to feel up their tits as they played. There were caresses, bouncing the boobs in our hands, nipple tweaking, and rolling the nipples between thumbs and fingers. All in all, Cam and I were having a ball. 

The girls only managed to play half a game because our titty manipulations got to be too much of a distraction for them, so they gave up on the game and let us guys do our things with their boobs. 

A short time later we were all naked and the action was heating up. We all decided to not waste any more time and just jump in and swap partners. I led Karen to one bedroom while Ashley and Cam took the other one.

I spent what felt like an hour caressing, licking, sucking, and squeezing those magnificent globes of Karen's and loved every minute of it. We could still hear Cam and Ashley in the next room doing their thing. I couldn't wait anymore and lined up my very hard cock to a well lubricated pussy and entered it. Wow was her pussy ever nice. Hot, slippery and snug. I found out she had the ability to tighten her muscles to make it even tighter which was a whole new fantastic feeling for me.

We soon had a steady rhythm going and she had a small orgasm almost at once. I decided to play then. I knew Ashley loved it when I would vary the pace, so after Karen's small orgasm I picked up the pace and hammered my cock into her for a bit. The sight of her tits bouncing around as I hammered my cock in her was a sight I loved watching. That pace had her thrashing about and as soon as she was getting into that pace I slowed down to what felt like a crawl. The added benefit of doing that was it held off my cumming to soon. Back and forth with the pace I went and managed to last fairly long before I came. Karen came twice that I know of, so the afternoon had been a fun time all around for everyone.

That day was an eye opener for us and that night Ashley and I almost wore out the bed.

Wouldn't you know it! We were invited over to Cam and Karen's place the next day for a repeat performance. I guess that weekend was our introduction to the lifestyle and we soon considered ourselves to be swingers. Of course it didn't take long before the four of us joined in with the neighbours group. We had a lot of fun with all them for a few years too, but Cam and Karen were always our favourite swap partners.