 As the car pulled up in front of the cabin, Jeff said, "Who's up for a swim before it gets dark? We're really secluded, so we have plenty of privacy to do whatever we want."

"Sure," said David. "Why not? A little skinny dipping will feel great."

They all piled out of the car and headed inside. The guys immediately threw off their clothes and ran out the back door. A few seconds later the women heard a splash and yelling.

Emily walked behind Alicia, "let me help you." Alicia put her arms up and felt her shirt being lifted up and over her head. Her bra was unhooked and pushed off her shoulders. Emily cupped Alicia's breasts, thumbs circling the sensitive nipples.

"If we start this, we won't get out to the lake," Alicia said breathlessly.

"You're right," Emily sighed, pulling her hands off her reluctantly. "I guess you better finish yourself then."

Alicia unzipped her shorts and pulled them off with her panties, while Emily undressed behind her.

"Come on," said Emily. "The boys are probably starting without us." They walked out the door and heard the men splashing in the water.

"Hey girls!" David yelled when they got out to the end of the dock. "Get in here, the water feels great!" He was floating on his back, kicking. Jeff popped up from under the water, spitting out lake water. Emily didn't hesitate, but jumped right in. David swam over to her, and started kissing her while they floated in the water.

Alicia stood on the dock, naked, watching her husband kiss another woman, their bodies pressed together in the water. She felt a hand on her foot, and looked down to see Jeff touching her.

"What are you waiting for?"

She sat down on the dock, and then eased herself into the lake, and into Jeff's arms. He immediately put his arms around her, her back against the dock. He leaned in to nibble on her ear, and despite the comfortable lake water, Alicia felt goose bumps all over her body, and her nipples instantly hardened to points against Jeff's chest. She had never had sex in the water before, not counting the shower, and it was amazing. They were slipping and sliding against each other, floating weightlessly. His mouth moved down her neck, then she felt small kisses up her chin until his mouth was on hers, and her mouth opened to the feel of his tongue against her lips. She almost forgot her husband and Emily were nearby; she was so turned on, her body hot with desire.

At the same time, David and Emily were holding each other in the water, floating, kissing. Emily had one arm around him while the other arm was under water, where her hand was stroking his hardening cock. David looked over to see his best friend and his wife going at it hot and heavy. Holding on to Emily, he swam them over to the dock, near the other couple. He turned her around so she could hold onto the dock for support, grabbing the dock with one hand, while his other hand held his cock, lining it up with her pussy from behind. He pushed into her, and Emily moaned softly as he started fucking her gently against the dock, letting their bodies move with the water.

Jeff looked over and saw what was happening. He was rock hard himself, and needed to be inside Alicia now. He whispered in Alicia's ear, "Look at your husband."

Alicia turned her head and saw David, pumping himself into Emily from behind. She felt Jeff's mouth on her nipple, sucking and gently biting. She looked down at him, eyes half-closed in passion. "Jeff, I need you."

He smiled up at her. "Let's get out." He helped lift her back up on the dock, and quickly followed, pulling himself up and out. They were both sitting on the edge, and Alicia immediately leaned over to take the tip of his cock in her mouth. He was so hard; the skin of his large mushroom head was stretched tightly. Her mouth felt wonderful, but he couldn't wait anymore and he pushed her up off his cock and onto her back. He moved on top of her between her open legs, and slipped inside her warm slick pussy.

A loud moan escaped Alicia's lips as Jeff fully entered her, and started thrusting quickly in and out, her juices lubricating them both. Alicia's pussy squeezed around his cock, tightening, and he knew he wouldn't last long. Jeff pulled her legs up in the air, and she wrapped her feet around the back of his head. His cock pushed in even deeper. He slowed his thrusts, pulling almost out, and then slamming in all the way.

Still in the water, David was leisurely fucking Emily against the dock, both of them watching the activity in front of them. Emily's pussy began to spasm, as she started a long gradually-building orgasm, and inside her David's cock spurted his juices as he continued moving inside her until they were both done. They stayed there, his semi-rigid cock inside her, looking at their spouses getting close to their own climaxes.

"Oh god, don't stop! Don't stop! I'm coming!" Alicia was screaming, intense pleasure running through her body as she came, and as Jeff unloaded a massive amount of cum, her orgasm continued, gradually ebbing. Slowly Jeff and Alicia came down from their mutual orgasms, and Jeff pulled out of her, looking down at her. His cum dribbled out down her thighs.

"Wow," said David from the water. "Looks like you fucked the hell out of her. Are you okay honey?"

Alicia smiled, turning her head to look at him. "Yeah, I feel great. My pussy is sore from that pounding, but it was worth it."

By now it was dusk, and David helped Emily out of the lake. The four of them strolled back into the house, starting to shiver a little with the sun going down. Inside they grabbed some towels and dried off.

Emily and Jeff, holding hands, walked into the bedroom and lay down on the bed together. David and Alicia followed, and lay down on the blanket on the floor, cuddling together. The four of them fell asleep almost instantly, bodies needing to recover.

---------

Sunday afternoon, David and Alicia's car pulled away from the cabin, with Emily and Jeff out front waving goodbye. They drove in silence for a few minutes, when David pulled the car over and put the car in park.

He turned to his wife. "Are you mad at me, for sort of tricking you into things?"

Alicia paused before speaking, looking out at the window. She turned back to her husband. "I should be..."

"But?"

"But, you know me, and you were right to do it this way. If we would have talked about it at home before we came, I would probably have freaked out and canceled." She reached out, touching his hand. "I love you, and I'm glad everything is out in the open. As long as we are totally honest from here on out?"

"Absolutely." He smiled at her, reaching over to brush her cheek with the back of his hand.

"Then let me ask you one thing, and you I need you to be truthful. When you and Jeff have been up here alone for guy weekends, you didn't have sex, did you?"

"No, honestly up until this weekend, we haven't touched each other since you and I have been together, except-"

"Except what," Alicia said leaning in toward her husband.

"We have watched each other jerk off, but that's it's. No touching."

She looked relieved. "Thanks for being honest."

"God, I love you." He leaned over and they kissed tenderly. He sat back up, and pulled the car back out.

"When we get home," said Alicia, "we should give them a call to set up our next cabin weekend. Soon."