 Author's note: Wanted: Prolific author seeks literate editor(s). If you would like to assist in proofreading/editing stories before submission, please send me an e-mail telling me your e-mail address and any preferences. Full credit will be given and I pride myself on being easy to work with. 

* * * * *

I had been at Joyce's party for 45 minutes. From a double futon in the corner I watched my official date for the evening, Joyce's niece. She was tall, slender young woman, much like Joyce herself. Unlike the aunt, Lena lacked the grace to pull off Joyce's natural elegance. She moved in jerky, quick motions, which made her always appear nervous. 

Not that she wasn't attractive. She was having sex with a couple across the room, eating the other woman that was being fucked on her hands and knees at the same time. So far the other woman wasn't returning the favor, but it was obvious to me from the undulation of Lena's thighs that she certain wished that the brunette would.

Watching them and remembering how nice Lena tasted kept me mostly hard. Joyce had asked me to arrive early. It was Lena's first orgy and she wanted me to spend some time acclimating her. The young woman freely admitted while we petted gently in this very corner that she was much more attracted to women than men. That didn't lessen her appeal to me, especially since we were only loosely associated with each other for the evening. We had cuddled for a while, talking quietly until she was relaxed enough for cunnilingus. I ate her to a quick, fitful orgasm and then another longer, more intensely relaxing one. Lena reluctantly offered fellatio and since I knew it would be expected of her from others, I let her get her first taste of hard cock for the evening. When she seemed as interested in the sights of other people as she did in my erection, I let her go with my blessing, telling her to look me up later if she got bored or needed assistance.

Looking around the room, I saw many of the same people I had seen all year. An old lover had got me started attending these parties. At first, it was all so exciting to watch strangers fuck. There was so much variety and combinations at Joyce's parties that I got a real education the first couple of months. Now, after a whole year, it was almost to the point of being a bore.

Not that I still didn't enjoy the women I met at these events, but it rarely turned into anything more than a quick fuck and a thank you ma'am. 

Besides, I was now unattached and Joyce had a rule that only couples should be invited.

"Nothing spoils an orgy like one too many horny pricks," she always said and Joyce knew more about throwing an orgy than anybody should. Besides, I think she loved to mix and match people together, like a Jewish mother, or so I'm told. That's how I had officially ended up with Lena, not that I was complaining.

Joyce, tall, slender, and resplendently elegant even when nude as she was at present - we all were, after all - was even now leading a lovely creature in what looked like to be my direction. She had to stop along the way several times to caress a cheek in greeting or to grasp a prick in friendship. Joyce knew everyone or they didn't get invited and everyone knew and idolized Joyce.

The lovely she was escorting was a shorter Latino woman with enchantingly dark skin and full breasts. She had wide hips and more of a full bush than one normally sees at these affairs. She seemed to be taking an interest in me while Joyce took her time crossing the room, which was one of the things that tipped me off to their eventual destination. Just looking at her made my cock stand fuller and prouder. He's such a showoff.

As the two of them came closer, the mutual attraction I experienced with the smaller woman became more evident and less guarded. In essence we stared at each other even in the crowded room. The only flaw I could see on her body was perhaps a hint of acne scars on her face. But that hint was so unsubstantial that it only seemed to make her more real and human, and therefore more attractive to me.

"Raymond, I'd like you to meet Janet, a special friend of mine," Joyce said by way of introduction when they had reached my corner. I knew better than to stand. Despite her regal bearing, Joyce always insisted on being casual at these affairs, unlike her life outside of these parties. Instead, I waited reclined and was glad to see that Janet reclined on the futon with me and extended her hand for me to clasp.

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Janet," I said earnestly. Then, still looking into Janet's eyes, I said to them both, "A 'special friend,' eh? That's high praise, Joyce."

"She said the same to me of you," Janet said in a refined, educated voice that still hinted of a Spanish accent. Joyce had done very well by me tonight. First her pretty lessy niece and now this exotic creature.

"I think I'll leave you two to get acquainted," Joyce said smugly. "A fool could see you two want to spend some time together."

"You're welcome to join us, of course," I told Joyce sincerely, though everyone who knew our hostess would know that she didn't engage in intimacies until late into the evening. Still, it was polite to offer, even though I did want some time alone with Janet.

"Perhaps later tonight Raymond," Joyce said smiling down at me. "You'll owe me big for this one so I expect you to last a good long time."

We both knew what she meant and it was a task I certainly didn't mind performing. In fact, truth be told, it was the only thing that kept me coming back to these parties these days.

Toward the end of the night, as people were leaving, Joyce liked to be stationed near the changing room on her hands and knees giving cocks and cunts one last lick before they go. Only usually, it was more than one lick and the whole process, while invigorating, took a while. She also liked to have a hard cock inside her as she performed her hostess duties, as she called it. First in her tight cunt and finally ending the night in her ass. She enjoyed my services since she found out how much I enjoyed a nice, slow fuck. I can stay hard for quite a while when motivated and Joyce was quite a motivation.

She had given me the moniker, 'Slow and Steady.' Or, perhaps that's what she called my cock. I never really knew one way or the other, or cared to tell the truth. The name fit me. I've always enjoyed a slow and steady fuck with a pretty woman.

After Joyce left, Janet and I lay facing each other on the futon. I was about five or six inches taller than her and had much lighter skin. My red hair also contrasted well with her very dark brown hair. I was leaner than she was as well, though Janet was by no means overweight. She was just curvy and well distributed.

We just took each other in, looking curiously. Janet made our introduction complete by reaching forward and taking my erect cock into her hand in a friendly sort of way. As was polite, I returned the gesture by caressing her full breast.

"You're a 'special friend' and you seem easy going in this company. My guess, Janet, is that you're someone who used to go to these things sometime in the past but you've been away from the scene a while. Is that close?" I asked her curiously.

Nodding her head in confirmation, she added, "I've been away about two years now. I live close by, but our family situation kept me busy. Things have recently changed, so now I'm here again."

"I've been attending Joyce's parties for about a year now and I knew I would have remembered seeing you. The change in the family situation, I hope it wasn't too unpleasant," I told her sympathetically.

"Not unpleasant so much as disconcerting," she explained. Janet had large, intelligent brown eyes and her face was very animated. "We were all very adult about it, but my husbands told us they were gay last month and up and left abruptly."

"Husbands? Us?" I asked curiously. "Polyamory?"

"Yes," she stated casually. "Four wives and two husbands. At least it was until then. Now we're trying to sort things out. In the mean time, I've been getting a little anxious for something a dildo can't give me."

Janet cuddled closer and gave my penis a more serious squeeze and stroke. Four horny women in the same home. Sounded like heaven to me, especially if the three other angels looked half as decent as Janet did.

"Joyce says you know how to make it last," Janet said smiling sexily. "That's what I need right now. We can even talk during. I like that."

Janet slid under me as I murmured something about, "My kinda woman." Breathing deeply and a bit fast, she told me that she was ready. With a few rubs up and down her moist groove to wet my crown, I eased back and then pushed in nice and slow.

The sigh and moan that rose from the Latino woman's throat was enough to make my balls tingle all the way down to my toes. She pulled her legs up and wrapped them around me, the bow of her back transforming her body into the near perfect cradle for us to rock against the soft futon on.

"Nice cock you have there, Raymond," Janet said when her breath steadied and her eyes cleared. "Or do you like to be called Ray?"

"Mostly Raymond, but a beautiful woman like you can call me anything she wants. Especially with a cunt as nice as yours."

Since we had just been grinding into each other for about a minute, I pulled back gently and made a couple of slow, deep strokes. The trick to slow fucking I've found is to mix up the variety. Not too much, not too little, never the same stroke for too long.

It takes a special kind of woman to really enjoy slow fucking, too. She has to keep wet, which means she has to be turned on the whole time. Too many women were just like too many men. Quick on's and quick off's. The sweet rock of Janet's hips and the feel of her wet pussy made me hopeful. If she could keep it up a while, she might be a keeper.

"Tell me more about you, Janet," I asked her, looking into those pretty brown saucers she used as eyes. "What I see I like, but I want to know more."

"I work here in the city," Janet said, then closed her eyes briefly to enjoy the new stroke I was giving her. "An attorney. Mostly contracts. Made partner two years ago."

That was quick to make partner, since I would have only guessed her to be about twenty-eight years old. There are, however, some things you don't ask a woman when you first meet, even if she is screwing you very nicely. Especially if she is screwing you nicely.

"I met Janet when I handled a case for her personally five years ago. The night we won, she took me to bed to celebrate. It was the first time I had cheated on my husband, so she made it up to him the next night. Or rather, we both did," she said smiling.


"After that, we both got interested and started coming to her parties," she continued. "They were smaller back then, more intimate. That's where we eventually met the other couple and two other women we married."

"So it wasn't just a group husband that ditched on you, but a guy you'd been married to a while? Ouch!" I said sympathetically. 

"High school sweethearts to make it worse," she nodded. "The boy that took my cherry, even. All of them. I never would have guessed it, but from hindsight we girls could see that the guys were paying a little more attention to each other on group nights."


"Damn shame for you gals," I said in consolation. "Do you have much invested in the marriage?"

Janet smiled warmly and put a little more oomph in the rock for a moment.

"Sounds like you know a little about polyamory. And yes, of the six of us, four had professional careers. The other husband and one of the wives are more the domestic type. So yes, we all had a lot invested. Fortunately the guys agreed to a sweetheart deal for us gals. They felt bad about deserting us, I guess."

As I grazed on the bounty of her bosom for a while, Janet ran her slim fingers through my hair as she held me to a tit to nurse. Then, pulling my hair back gently, she asked, "Where have you heard about the lifestyle?"

"Just things I've read, really. Starting with Heinlein I suppose, like everyone. No practical experience, but it's always been an interest of mine in principle," I explained.

"Oh really," she smiled wide, her teeth perfectly straight and white. "Tell me your not attached or have any deep-seated homosexual tendencies and I may orgasm!"

"I'm not and I don't and by all means be my guest," I said, enjoying the intimate banter. I love talking to intelligent women only second to fucking them. Talking to them while I'm fucking them is pure bliss.

"I was just kidding. Well no, I really wasn't. But I do need to cum right now to clear my head," Janet explained. "It's been so long since I had a cock this nice in me. Would you be a dear and raise up just a bit so I can reach in?"

Knowing what she was after, I leaned back on my haunches, pulling Janet's thighs out and back with me. Her belly was exposed this way and her full breasts swayed appealingly on either side of her sternum. As I leaned back, Janet reached down and started to strum her clitoris aggressively, searching for a quick release.

"You're a sexy bitch," I whispered to her, hoping she enjoyed dirt talk. When she moaned deeply, I went on, "Never felt this good screwing a lawyer over before. Got a nice, wet cunt on you, too. Great tits, too. I'm gonna fuck those tits later. Not too much though, because your pussy feels so good. Haven't felt a snatch this good in quite a while. Good and deep. And tight. Squeeze me, baby. Squeeze that cock real good."

Janet tightened all over and her eyes rolled back. She yelped, though I could tell she tried to hold that back. Maybe she was a screamer. Damn, I love a screamer. I liked everything about this woman, especially the way her pussy clenched me hard when she came. Very nice!

When Janet got her wits back, she raised her arms up to welcome me back down in the cradle.

"Come back down here, lover," she said intimately. Usually people didn't assume intimacies at these affairs, but we did seem to be making a commitment to each other to at least spend most of our time together tonight.

"You're a dear," she said stroking my face. "And I really needed that. Now, where were we?"

"We were talking about your marriage," I suggested, though in truth we had been talking about my interest in her lifestyle. She smiled devilishly at me, telling me that she realized I was shifting the subject back somewhat but that she didn't mind. As I commenced stroking in and out of her lazily, she continued.

"Of the girls that remain, we have an accountant who's the oldest of us all. Smart girl, too. A little plain to look at, but Marsha brings a lot to the table. She's an Anglo, like you. There's Chimera. She's a doctor and grew up in the Caribbean, though her family had to leave the islands in an uprising. Very dark and very passionate. Then there's Sophia. She's Italian and she's the den mother to us all. Loves to cook and clean and care for everybody. She plays piano and sings opera and has a figure to match, though everyone adores Sophia."

As she explained about her family, I thrust into her with more interest. I adore variety in women and their marriage sounded like a real melting pot. The only flavors they had really left out were Asian and Indian, but hey, a guy couldn't ask for everything.

"So Raymond, what do you do when you're not fucking horny lawyers," Janet giggled.

"Write mostly," I told her. I consciously eased back a notch or two on my arousal, which was possible if we were talking about me and not her. "My parents left me enough I don't really have to work, so I write what I like. But I'm good at it too. I support myself, which is more than most writers can say."

"Fiction or non-fiction?" she asked, giving no indication on which she preferred.

"Non-fiction for money. Technical stuff usually. Different projects really because I have a wide range of interests. Fiction for fun, mostly sex stories," I admitted.

"Oh, I could give you some nice ideas!" Janet cooed and squeezed her big breasts together with her arms and began to caress them with soft, feminine hands.

"Oh, you already have, dear," I assured her. "I'll have to start a whole series now. Call it 'Fantasies in Black, Brown and White.'"

Janet stuck out her bottom lip in a mock pout. Then she laughed, saying "I give you the ideas and I get second billing. That doesn't seem fair."

"I was thinking of you in the middle of the sandwich," I told her. "That's where the spicy meat goes, isn't it?"

"You're quick," she said, chuckling and picking up the rock a bit. "I like that. Though I'm thinking white in the middle right now. Between brown and black."

We both fell silent suddenly and our mutual thrusting intensified. Janet was kneading those big tits of hers and I've always liked to watch a woman work towards her own satisfaction. We had been fucking a while, though with no clock and pleasant company, the time had seemed to pass quickly. My balls felt tight and full though, so I picked up the pace and moved toward my own release.

Suddenly Janet pulled me down quickly and kissed me hard. Then she arched back and whispered intensely, almost like a whispered scream, "Fuck me, you bastard. Let me feel your cum inside. Don't make me beg you, please. Just give it to me. You know I need it so much, baby. Fuck me harder! Do me! Do me now!"

The intensity of her emotions and my own deep need made me arch into her strongly. I tried to hold back, to wait, and to enjoy each sensation. But then Janet clenched down on my cock with a spasm that shook her and I found myself exploding in the passionate Latino woman underneath me. Wave after wave of sensation washed through me and down into her, then splashed up from her depths and back into me.

Somehow I was able to keep my weight off of her. As my eyes cleared, I found myself looking into her warm, brown eyes and we were rocking again, as if by instinct.

"Why don't you let me on top for a while," she suggested. "You must be getting a little tired."

"I'm OK right now, though I must admit I've been wondering about the view with you riding me," I admitted.

"Then let's switch in just a second. I feel you getting soft and I want to suck you for a bit. I love to taste myself on a man's cock. You just have to promise not to let one of these studs poke me from behind while I'm on top. I know how these randy guys get when they see a woman's ass at these parties."

"I'll protect you, milady," I said chivalrously. "No one gets that pretty ass tonight unless they get through me."

"Why thank you, you handsome man," she said, laughing. Then she said smiling, "It's not that I'm against anal. I just like to take it slower than most at these parties."

We switched and Janet took long enough licking her flavor off my staff that when she was done I was nice and stiff again. It didn't take that much really. Just the sight of Janet's full lips and her breasts as she bent over like that was enough. The fact that she turned sideways a bit and let me feel her tits while she did it put me over the top and got me very hard.

I've never been able to cum in a woman's mouth, though. As much as I love to see myself getting sucked off by a pretty girl, or by any new girl really, the sensations have just never been enough to get me off most times. Except when a girl pulls off to take a load in her mouth or something like that.

When Janet rose up into the saddle and started to ride, I was enamored all over with those big, full tits. She liked to lean over and put them in my face, too. I milked and mauled and kissed and caressed them to my heart's content. And Janet seemed content to let me do it, only purring in my ear occasionally and whispering intimate encouragements when she felt the urge.
