 "You did what?" Danica was glaring at her boyfriend as he sheepishly tried to explain what he had done.

"I invited Angie. She's on holiday this week and needs a break. Work is stressful for both of us." Morgan desperately tried to reason with Danica, but it wasn't working.

"My cottage is like the size of a closet. How the hell are we supposed to have sex?" Danica gritted her teeth and continued the death stare at her boyfriend.

"We'll go off to the boathouse or something." Morgan pulled Danica into his chest and rubbed her shoulders. "I could just put duct tape on your mouth while I licked your pussy." Danica grinned and looked up at Morgan.

"You're very annoying you know. If you didn't know how to fuck me so well I would have dumped you ages ago."

"Oh really?" Morgan wrapped his arms around her hips and pulled her up to eye level. Danica was barely five feet tall and Morgan was six feet eight inches tall.

"Yes really." Danica leaned over and kissed him hard. The moment their lips touched it was magic. They were standing in their kitchen. Morgan turned and pinned Danica to the nearest wall. Her hands were undoing his shorts and all he could do was moan. He held her tiny frame up with one hand while the other reached under her skirt to feel her pussy. The moment she wrapped her tiny hand around his cock he cried out.

"Fuck your hand feels good. I want to be inside your dripping pussy." Danica nodded and pulled her panties to the side. He sank inside her and began to roughly bounce her on his cock. She was so light; he just held her hands for balance. He was so deep inside her and could feel his large cock hit the entrance of her womb. He didn't last long and they came together.

"God I love you." Morgan was panting so hard he could barely get out those words.

"I know."

They drove up to the cottage and saw Angie leaning against her car. Morgan and Danica had fucked again in the parking lot and after Danica gave him a blowjob in the car, they had to stop to fuck on the side of the road. With all those added stops, they were almost an hour late.

"Hi Angie." Morgan got out and hugged Angie. They had been friends from high school and now worked at the same law firm. Angie was quite tall and had shoulder length blond hair and bright blue eyes.

"Hi Morgan. Hi Danica. Thank you so much for inviting me. I brought a tent since I know you guys need some alone time." The three of them giggled and began to unpack. Danica and Morgan had only been dating a short time, but they were already living together and talking about getting married. Angie and Morgan had never dated. Neither one of them knew why, but it was probably because neither one of them were single at the same time.

After dinner, they were sitting in the living room facing the fireplace. The cottage was quite cute with a dining room, kitchen, and living room area. There were two doors on one wall, one going to the bedroom, the other to the bathroom. Morgan was wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt while Danica was wearing cute pink yoga pants and one of Morgan's sweatshirts. Angie was still wearing her shorts and low cut tank top.

They chatted for a while until Angie decided it was time for bed. The moment she had done her business in the bathroom and left for her tent, Danica was on top of Morgan kissing him hard.

"Fuck Danica what's gotten into you?" Danica wasn't listening. She had pulled down her pants and was reaching inside Morgan's pants for his cock.

"Just fuck me Morgan." Morgan wasted no time in lifting his girlfriend and sinking her down on his hard cock. He moaned and whimpered as she rode his cock. The light from the fireplace flickered and he saw Angie standing in the doorway watching.

She walked over and rubbed Danica's bare shoulders. Danica was smiling.

"It's our six month anniversary. This is your present." Morgan's eyes went wide as he watched Angie suck on Danica's neck. They had been playing him the whole time. He thought that Danica was so angry at him for inviting Angie, but now that he remembered it was Angie who suggested she get invited up for the weekend.

Morgan watched as Angie fondled Danica's breasts.

"We should go to the bedroom ladies." Both of them nodded and they walked to the bedroom. Before he had a chance to say anything both women undressed and lay on the bed naked. Morgan just stood there stunned as his girlfriend began to suck on Angie's breasts. Angie whimpered and moaned. Her pussy was waxed completely and she had the cutest little clit ring ever.

"God you girls look so fucking sexy." Morgan was naked and stroking his cock as he watched. He had no idea how turned on he was getting watching his best friend and girlfriend kiss.

"Are you going to join us?" Angie was smiling wide and Morgan practically jumped on the bed. He kissed Danica first and then Angie. It wasn't weird to kiss her and when her tongue ring flicked against his tongue he moaned. He didn't know who pushed him onto his back, but before he knew it he had Danica's tiny body riding his cock while Angie's pussy was against his lips. He licked and sucked her pussy. It felt so good to have a pussy against his mouth and another wet pussy wrapped tight around his cock. Angie was loud when she came and drowned out the moans of Danica. The only reason he knew Danica had cum was that her pussy tightened around his cock.

"Come for me baby." Danica was bouncing as fast as she could on his cock and he was holding back, wanting to make her cum again. His eyes were closed and he was totally in control until he felt a wet tongue on his balls.

"Oh fucking hell!' Morgan screamed out as he unloaded himself inside Danica. The feeling of Danica's pussy and Angie's tongue drove him over the edge. Once he finished cumming, he felt both girls cuddle up against him on either side. The last thing he remembered was Angie pulling the covers up over them.