 [Hunter and Alexis' first date went great. With Hunter's parents out of town for the weekend, they played house and are about to extend the date another day with a trip into the city to visit Alexis' step-sister Deirdre.] 

***** 

I stopped for gas to fill up the van and we were on the highway ten minutes later, heading for the city to visit Alexis' step-sister. Ten minutes after that Alexis was kneeling on the floor between our seats sucking on my cock as I drove along at seventy miles per hour. I was trying hard to concentrate on the road but her tip to balls blowjob was making that nearly impossible. The new adventure that I was expecting in the city was now the new adventure of trying to get to the city without getting us killed on the way. 

Alexis apparently had total confidence in me as she was concentrating completely on sucking cum from my balls. I was groaning more or less continuously. She was flagellating her tongue along the entire length of my shaft and then pulling the most incredible suction. I was already worrying about that crucial moment when I started cumming. Could I maintain control of the car as I shot my wad? Fuck it, I was going to find out. 

A few eighteen wheelers passed me on the right and the drivers could look right down into the van. The bobbing head in my lap was a dead give-away and every one blew his air horn as he gave me a thumbs-up. They must have put the word out on the CB Radio because more and more trucks were hurrying up behind me and then lazily passing on the right instead of the left. One rapidly pulled up alongside and then kept pace so he could watch. Alexis heard the truck's horn and the groan of his engine. She pulled off my cock and turned to look. She smiled at the guy and simply turned back and buried my cock in her throat. Driving beside these behemoths always makes me really anxious so I slowed down and let him pass and then pulled into the first lane. I should have been there in the first place. 

Alexis furiously tried to extract my seed as all the other sensory inputs around me conspired to hold me back. She was not to be denied though and after fifteen minutes of "mmmmuummpphhhs" and "aaawwkkkks" the moment arrived. I eased my foot off the accelerator to counteract the tensing muscles in my legs and arms. My teeth clenched down as I groaned through a constricted throat, "OOOHHHH FFFUUUCCCKKK." My eyes involuntarily slammed shut as the first cum shot erupted. It took every bit of willpower to open them. Fortunately, the traffic was thin and no other vehicles were around me at that moment. 

My hips pivoted on my seat trying to drive my load into Alexis' mouth. She knew it was coming and pulled back to lock her lips on the ridge and took every last shot; swallowing as each one arrived. When she was satisfied she had it all, she pulled her head off and looked up at me with a huge, victorious grin on her face. I looked down and she had a big glob of thick white cum on her lower lip. She licked her tongue around and scooped it up and into her mouth. She looked down at the semi-hard cock in her hand and pushed her mouth back on it and lathed her tongue all around. Her broad raspy tongue pulled my cock back up to full size again. When she was satisfied that it was all clean, she pulled off with a pop. She tried to push it back into my pants but it was too big and she decided to just leave it out for the duration. The air-conditioned air blowing from the dashboard vents felt cold on my wet cock. 

She moved back into her seat and watched the scenery and traffic go by. We had another half-hour or so to our destination and we talked about a variety of things as I drove along with my cock lying on the bottom of the steering wheel. It eventually went soft enough for me to push it back into my pants and zip up. 

Thanks to dear old daddy, Deidre lived in a high-rise apartment building in city center. It was on an upper floor and had a spectacular view of the city. All the rooms had floor to ceiling windows. Technology was on display everywhere which was a sensory overload for a tech-geek engineering student like me. 

Deirdre was as beautiful as Alexis had said. She was five inches shorter than Alexis at about 5'5". Her hair was flaming red that was long with spiraling vertical waves that framed her rectangular face. Her large icy-gray blue eyes captured your attention and held it. She has a small upturned nose and sensuously pursed mouth that freely exposes her unnaturally white teeth. Her body was perfectly structured in every way. 

Deirdre was very loving in her embrace of Alexis when she opened the apartment door. They both hugged and kissed each other as I watched. Alexis was giddy in her embrace of her older step-sister. They went back and forth with questions and answers right there in the hall-way before Deirdre collected herself and invited us into the large foyer and closed the outer door. The sisters were holding each other's hands and pulled each other in for another round of embrace. I politely watched and smiled. There was a sexual undertone between them that was obvious, even to me. 

Deirdre had furtively glanced at me several times during their greeting ritual but now she was looking directly at me and said as she scanned me from head to toe, "Alexis. Introduce me to your friend." She had a very sultry look on her face. 

Alexis noticed her look and said, "Down girl. This is Hunter. We met at a 'function' at Olivia's house." She intentionally emphasized the word 'function'. Deirdre could have pursued the statement further but she didn't. She pulled Alexis into the Living Room and swept one arm around and then sat down on a long leather sofa and pulled Alexis down on the couch with her. I was looking out the windows at the incredible view. I walked over next to a window and looked down. I immediately felt the pull as I am a little fearful of heights. I stepped back as my heart raced. 

Alexis and Deirdre were jabbering away as they caught up on things. Alexis had told me she hadn't seen Dee, as she called her, in six months. I had sat in a chair on the opposite side of the sitting area facing them. Dee kept glancing at me as I watched their conversation like it was a tennis match. It was not hard to look at either of them. They were both exceptionally beautiful women. 

Eventually, their rapid fire conversation settled down a little, Dee said, "Well, Let me show you to your rooms." 

Without hesitation, Alexis said, "Room, Dee." 

Dee said, "OK. That's fine with me. I just didn't want to make wrong assumptions." She smiled over at me and then at Alexis. 

We had left our bags in the foyer and I went to retrieve them. We followed Dee down a long hallway. There were several doors and they were all open. I looked in each one as we passed. Our bedroom was across the hall from her Master Bedroom which I noted was spectacularly decorated. It was huge and her windows offered a different view of the city. Our bedroom was no slouch either. It was easily four times larger than my bedroom. The king-size bed would certainly offer maneuvering room that we lacked last night in my twin bed. The bathroom en suite was huge. I was smiling like I'd just won a big lottery. 

Dee was watching my reactions and she started laughing at the wide-eyed look of awe on my face. I was embarrassed and my face reddened. My tanned face hid it somewhat but I could feel the heat. Alexis flopped down with her back on the bed and spread her arms out. Her long blonde hair had fanned out and looked like a halo around her face. I sat down on the edge beside her. She pulled me down to lie beside her and then rolled into me and kissed me hard. She didn't seem to mind that Dee was standing right there watching. It seemed that it was because Dee was watching. I wondered how far Alexis was going to take this. 

As Alexis and I were making out on the bed, Deirdre sat down in a wing-backed chair by the door. One hand found her left tit through her sleeveless silk blouse. Alexis' kissing had turned more passionate and I was trying to respond in kind but I felt I little nervous about Deirdre sitting there watching. When Alexis' kisses moved down to my neck, I looked over at Deirdre and was surprised to see one of her hands inside her blouse and the other had pulled up the hem of her skirt and was inside her panties frigging herself. Her eyes were open and they were locked on Alexis and me. She smiled at me when she noticed that I was looking at her. 

I shouldn't have been surprised, but I was when Alexis pushed herself off the bed to kneel between my legs. She yanked my belt open and frantically pulled my pants and underwear down to my feet. I didn't even have enough time to assist her efforts. I pulled my shirt off over my head. My hard cock sprang up into Alexis' hand. She was jerking me off and sucking my balls into her mouth. After she released each one, she ran her tongue up the length of my cock along the underside. I lifted my head as I groaned out loud from her sudden attack. She had the most lustful look on her face. I looked over at Deirdre who was staring at my cock as Alexis' hand ran up and down the length. 

Deirdre said, "Oh my God, Alexis. That's a fucking monster. Holy shit." Alexis didn't respond. Deirdre had pulled her hand out of the top of her panties and now had her fingers fucking her pussy as she had pushed aside the material of her panties. She closed her eyes and was luxuriating in the sensations of her masturbating fingers. 

Alexis pushed her hand aside with her mouth as it descended down the length of cock. Her jerk-off hand was now holding my balls and juggling them with her fingers. The "MMMUUUMMMPPPHHH" sound alerted Deirdre and she opened her eyes to see Alexis with the bulk of my cock buried in her face with lips stretched wide. Deirdre noticed that Alexis was motioning for her to come join her with her free hand. 

I was enjoying Alexis' fantastic blowjob that was in constant flux. She made several full length penetrations into her throat and then pulled back and combined a half cock blowjob with one hand and then two, in counter-twisting rotation and straight up and down, fast and slow, fingering the spot at the base of my glans. She was driving me crazy. I was getting close to losing the battle with my balls. I didn't want this to ever stop. I whimpered, "Oh Fuck. Oh Fuck," over and over again. 

I was oblivious to everything else in the world except Alexis' blowjob. I didn't notice Deirdre stand up and strip herself naked. I did feel another body spread my legs further to gain access. I lifted my head and sure enough Alexis was handing my cock over to Deirdre, who picked up right where she left off. I muttered, "Jessuusssss," as my head fell back on the bed. Alexis stripped her clothes off and spread Deirdre's legs wide enough for her to push her head between them as she scooched up on her back. 

As Deirdre continued the incredible blowjob, it occurred to me that their style was very similar and why not. They got their training in the same place; at home. Alexis' tongue was flicking on Deirdre's clitoris as she gasped around my cock. Alexis began furiously tongue-fucking her step-sister and Deirdre was now whimpering around my cock. 

I let out a groan from deep in my throat and every muscle in my body seized. Deirdre pulled off my cock and said to Alexis, "Sweetie, if you want some of this, you had better get up here now." 

Alexis pulled her tongue out of Deirdre's pussy and said, "You go ahead but save me some, if you know what I mean." Deirdre's mouth went back onto my cock and her lips clamped below the ridge. Her hands were furiously flying up and down, milking cum from my balls. My hips flew upward as cum boiled over and launched up and into her mouth. Deirdre took many long ropes of cum into her mouth. She didn't attempt to swallow and the load was getting too big to handle as big gobs of pearly, white, gooey cum pushed out of her mouth, over the glans and down the length of my shaft. I knew she wanted to share it with Alexis and she frowned that she had lost some. 

She pulled her head back and was swirling her tongue around in the goo trying to get control of it. Deirdre was the victim of bad timing as her own orgasm burst through her without much warning. She surged forward and groaned, "UUNGGGGHHHH." Her eyes went wide as she was forced to eject the mouthful of cum in whatever direction she was facing at that moment. It turned out that it landed on my stomach and chest. She tried to go after it but was overtaken by another intense muscular pulse that shook through her core with the epicenter on Alexis' face. A flood of vaginal juices surges out of Deirdre onto Alexis' face. She was furiously lapping up as much as she could collect which drove Deirdre even higher. She screamed, "AAAAEEEEIIIIIIIII. OHHHH FFFUCCCKKK. OOOHHHH GGODDDDDD." 

Deirdre's head collapsed down onto my crotch trapping my cock against my groin. Her hips were flailing forward and back on Alexis' face. She had her tits in her hands and was mashing them pretty roughly. I lifted my head to watch. 'Jesus, what a sight,' I thought. 

As Deirdre settled down from her orgasm she let herself fall off to the side onto the carpet which pulled her pussy off Alexis' face. Alexis had been busy lapping up pussy juice and she wasn't done yet. She rolled onto her side and pushed her tongue right back in again. Deirdre groaned again. I sat up so I could watch the action on the floor and felt the cum on my chest and stomach slowly descend toward my crotch. Lesbian sex is a turn on for me and my cock was steel hard again. 

After another minute or so, Alexis pulled her head from between her step-sister's legs and stood up. She spotted my hard cock and she smiled at me and said, "Hold that thought." She bent down beside Deirdre, curled up in a fetal position, and said to her, "Dee. Where do you keep the lubrication jelly?" 

Deirdre rolled onto her back and said, "It's in my nightstand near the windows. Why? If you're thinking what I think you're thinking, Hunter just blew a huge wad in my mouth and he will be out of commission for a while." 

Alexis grinned and said simply, "Watch." She pushed herself up to her feet and hurried from the room. She came back with the tube of lubrication and said to Dee, "Would you do the honors?" Dee took the tube and squeezed out a generous gob. Alexis put her hands down on the edge of the bed and presented her ass. Dee wiped the lube on Alexis' anus and then proceeded to use her index finger to push it as far into her bowels as she could. She squirted another gob directly on her anus and swirled it all around her rosebud. 

Dee said, "I'll go get my big black dildo. He's never going to get hard enough for this so soon." 

Alexis' eyes went wide with whatever she was thinking and I was pretty sure I knew what that was. She said, "Oh yeah. Can you get it? Oh fuck, yeah." They both stood and Alexis moved toward me which blocked Deirdre's view as she hurried from the room. 

Alexis pushed me back down on the bed and snatched my hard-on from my hand and started jerking on it hard as she maneuvered herself to straddle my hips facing away from me. Without fanfare, she slowly pushed her pussy down on my cock. She stopped to adjust a couple time and then began a fucking motion. My hands were on her hips as she leaned back. Her hands were behind her on my shoulders. I moved my hands to her shoulder-blades to help hold her up. She pivoted her hips forward and back and then pulled off my cock and used one hand to guide it to her rectum. She let gravity do the work as she slowly sank the head past her sphincter and stopped. Both of us groaned loudly from the pressure and heat. As she relaxed she pushed down more and inch by inch my big fatty disappeared into her bowels. 

When Deirdre hurried back into the room with a big black silicone dildo in her hand she stopped just past the door frame and said, "Holy Shit. How the fuck?" Alexis' eyes were shut as she was concentrating on relaxing before she started fucking my pole. When she was ready, she pulled back up and opened her eyes to see her naked step-sister kneeling at the edge of the bed between my legs with the biggest dildo she had ever seen. 

Everything Deirdre could ever want was right there in front of her face and she took full advantage of it. She set the dildo aside and pressed her mouth to Alexis' pussy which was drooling juices as my cock appeared and disappeared inches below. Alexis was watching her closely. Deirdre had the most lustful look on her face as she glanced up at Alexis' face and then pushed forward and sank her tongue deep into her pussy. I could feel the attack on my cock. Alexis screamed from the initial touch and then groaned out, "OOOHHH MY GGOODDDD. THAT'S WONDERFUL. EAT MMMEEEEE. FFUCCKKK." 

My head was flailing from side to side as Alexis continued fucking my cock with her ass. I was assisting by flexing my hips up into her. Alexis was furiously bouncing on my cock and at one point it accidentally pulled out of her ass. Deirdre saw it there and she pushed her mouth down over it several times. She had no concern for where it had just come from. She lightly bit my glans and pushed it back into Alexis' gaping ass-hole and went back to tongue-fucking Alexis as she randomly fingered her own clitoris. 

Almost as soon as my cock pushed back in, Alexis tensed hard and screamed, "YYYUUUUNNNGGGHHH," through clenched teeth. I was holding her up so her hands flew to her tits and she squeezed them hard and pinched her nipples, which were incredibly erect. I could feel her clenching pussy pushing Deirdre's tongue out. I picked up the pace and was launching my hips up into her as she screamed and screamed. Vaginal juices were pouring out of Alexis and Deirdre was frantically trying to suck and lap it up.  

It wasn't but a minute more and I could feel my own orgasm surging up from my toes. It was coming on slow and as it rose to a crest, I thought I had lost it as it just hung there. My mouth hung open as I urged the wave to crest. When it did, I burst out with a deep guttural groan of my own, "UUUNNGGGHHH," and fired my hips up into Alexis. Deirdre had pulled back a few inches to watch. She could see my cock surge slightly in size and my balls pull up tight. She sucked one of my testicles into her mouth and started rolling my ball around with her tongue. I screamed out again, "AAAHHHHH..AHHHHH. FFFUCCCKKK. YYYEAAAHHHH." 

With the new pressure of my ejaculation and accompanying surge is size of my cock, Alexis was pulled over the top of another orgasm. Anal spasms rocked through her as she flailed around on top of me. She was muttering, "OOOOOHHHHH OOOHHHH OHHHH," over and over again as she continued to clamp down hard on my cock. The rhythm was disrupted as there were moments when I couldn't move my cock in her. I shot rope after rope of cum into her bowels and she screamed with every single one. 

Deirdre had pulled back to watch in fascination. She had never had anal sex with a guy. Her dad wasn't into it and he was the only man she had ever had sex with. She had decided that she was more into women. She wondered where Alexis had acquired a taste for anal sex. Deirdre had experimented some with a smaller dildo but the pain was always too much for her. Judging from the pure joy on Alexis' face right then, she knew she would have to reconsider. 

After my final salvo, Alexis started to slowly come down from her huge anal orgasm. We were both gasping for air. She could feel my blood coursing through my cock with each frantic beat of my heart. After several minutes we were both coming back to normal and Alexis lifted her ass off my flagging cock and lowered it to the bed beside me. She turned and cuddled up to me with her head on my chest. She kissed my erect nipple and then playfully bit it and giggled when I jumped. 
