 [Alexis and I spent the night on the floor of the closet spooned up together while Olivia's husband, Ron occupied the bed in the same room. We had made a big cummy mess on his side of his bed in the Master Bedroom as payback for his trying to force Alexis to give him a blowjob at the party.] 

***** 

It was tough to sleep for a few reasons. Sleeping on the carpet in a closet is hard by itself. Combine that with the fact that I was spooned up behind a gorgeous and naked girl; it was nearly impossible. My cock was bouncing onto her ass-cheeks. She held onto it for a while, but apparently she fell off to sleep. She had the benefit of my arm under her head as a pillow as I cradled her to me. It had lost all sensation long ago. The final reason I couldn't sleep was Olivia's husband, Ron's snoring as he slept in the bed five feet away. 'Holy Shit, I've never heard anything like it.' 

I laid there thinking about the last several hours. I couldn't remember how many times my lady friends came to visit me last night. Throw in the two teenage caterer chicks and watching the disgustingly violent sex perpetrated by Olivia's husband, Ron and Sophia's husband, Paul. What a night. I'll never forget it. 

The sun had come up a while ago and still Ron snored on. When the door banged open and Olivia came in and woke Ron, she also woke Alexis. She seemed confused as to where she was. I held her tight and put a finger to my lips to tell her to keep quiet. When she was fully conscious, she rolled on her back and lifted her head to kiss me gently and quietly. 

Olivia had to shake Ron to wake him up. He groaned and swung his feet to the floor. Olivia said, "Come on Ron. You have that important meeting this morning. Why you called it for the morning after the party is beyond me." 

Ron groaned again and held his hands to his head. He stood and headed for the Master Bedroom bathroom. Olivia stayed behind. When he was gone, she opened the closet door to see the two of us lying on the floor kissing passionately. Olivia bent down and spoke softly, "Are you two alright? I'm sorry you got caught in here. He should be out of here in a half-hour or so. I'll come and get you when the coast is clear." She closed the closet door and then the bedroom door. 

Alexis smiled up at me and said, "Mmmm. What could we do for a half-hour?" She wrapped her hand around my stiff cock and slowly ran it up and down the shaft. We kissed hard and long as I maneuvered my unresponsive arm out from behind her head. I waved it around using the other arm to control it until I got some blood flowing in it again. Slowly it came back to life. I was finally able to get up on that elbow and suck the closest of Alexis' nipples into my mouth. She giggled softly as I sucked as much of her tit as would fit in my mouth. I pulled back off with a loud 'pop' and she giggled again. She continued jerking my cock off as I attacked her other tit. 

My upper hand moved from her tits down her stomach and kept moving lower. Her hips lifted as my hand went by her groin to caress her inner thighs. When I came back up her left thigh across her sopping wet pussy and down her right thigh, she moaned through our kiss. 

Alexis broke the kiss and pulled herself up and maneuvered herself in the tight confines of the closet and put her knees on either side of my head and lowered her head to my groin. She rubbed my cock all over her face as I dipped my tongue into her vagina. Her hips rocked forward demanding more. 

As she continued jacking me off and rubbing my cock through her hair and face, I pushed my middle finger one knuckle deep into her anus. A long, deep breath burst from her lungs and along with the air of her inhale she sucked my cock into her mouth. She didn't clamp her lips tight. Her mouth was wide open and she pushed my cock all around the inside, along her teeth, across the top pallet to her mouth. She lathed all around the shaft with her tongue. 

When Alexis closed her lips tightly around the shaft she created suction and flagellated my cock all at the same time. She moaned from my anal finger-fuck and my tongue fuck in her pussy with random flicks of my tongue on her clitoris. 

Alexis adjusted her position and pushed her head down to take my entire cock. "MMMMmmmppphhh" escaped from her mouth. She started with a full length blowjob and "Mmmmmpphhhh," emitted from her on each penetration. The sensation was incredible and I stepped up my attacked on her. A loud groan was pushed from her around the 'mmmppphhh' as I pushed deeper into her ass. 

I didn't want to cum in her mouth. I wanted to cum in her pussy. She had the same idea as she pulled her head back and looked between our bodies and watched my finger and tongue giving her pleasure for a few moments and then said, "Hunter, I need your cock in me." She lifted her pussy off my face and maneuvered herself to lie on her back with knees up and splayed wide. I crawled up between her legs and guided my steely shaft into her pussy. We both groaned in unison as I pushed down until my balls rested on her ass. 

I didn't move my cock after it hit bottom. I lowered my torso to my elbows by her shoulders and bent down and kissed her passionately. We just kissed. Neither one of us made any other movement. She flexed her vaginal muscles and I responded by flexing my cock. She giggled around our kiss with the combined movements. I pulled back from the kiss and then kissed her chin and then each eyelid and then the tip of her nose. Her lips curved into a contented smile as we just laid there for several minutes. 

I decided that she would have to make the first move if she wanted anything more than my cock buried statically in her pussy. I was so unbelievably hard from the pressure of her pussy. I lifted my torso with my arms and bent as low as I could to suck on one nipple and then the other. That was it for her. She groaned loudly and lifted her pelvis up into me. It wasn't to get more cock in her because I was buried already. She was sending a signal that she wanted more action. 

I pulled out so the tip was resting on her labia and pushed back in. Alexis gasped from the new penetration. I fucked her slowly with just the tip of my cock. I sucked on her tits the whole time. Alexis burst into an orgasm. She knew she couldn't make any noise as she pushed her torso up toward me like she was doing a situp. Her mouth was agape but not a single sound came out. Her eyes were wide. I felt her pussy spasm on the tip of my cock and I pushed all the way into her. "Uuunnngggghhh," burst from her lungs. 

She gasped slowly, "Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God." Her torso dropped hard to the floor and her hips fired up into me. I knew her hips were coming so I timed my thrust with a furious drive down into her. She threw her arms around my neck. Her eyes were wild and her mouth was open as she gasped for air. She was mumbling something in between the gasps but it made no sense to me. She fired her hips up again and immediately pulled them back down. 

Alexis' pussy was grabbing my cock over and over again. She was milking my cock and she was rewarded as my own orgasm exploded from my loins. I softly groaned out through gritted teeth, "Jeeeeesus Chriiiiiist." 

As my seed poured into her pussy, Alexis muttered over and over, "Oh Fuck..Oh Fuck." I thought she was going to break my neck as she hung on for dear life and I continued pounding my cock into her through the complete expulsion of my sperm. 

Neither one of us had noticed that Olivia had opened the closet door somewhere along the line and was sitting naked on the carpet watching us. As we both were beginning to recover, Olivia put her hand down between my legs and cradled my balls. She could feel them squirming around in the scrotum. Her touch startled me and I pulled away from Olivia's hand and in the process pushed my still hard cock into Alexis and she mumbled, "UUUnnnngggghhhh. Hunter, baby. No more. No more." 

I pulled out of Alexis and rolled toward the wall. "Jesus, Olivia. You scared the be-Jesus out of me." I grabbed my chest. Alexis never moved. Even if it wasn't Olivia, even if it was Ron, she couldn't move. I looked down and saw that her pussy was still in rapid spasms like a fish's mouth gasping for oxygen. 

Olivia was sitting cross-legged with her left tit in her left hand pushed up to her mouth were she was sucking on the nipple. Her right hand was resting on her mons with four fingers pushing into her vagina. Her eyes were glazed over. Her shoulders fired forward and then back. Her hips pulled back and then fired forward in sync with her shoulders. She groaned loudly, "UUUUNNNGGGGHHHH." 

Olivia was over the top of her orgasm and was coming down the other side when her eyes flashed open. She was staring at my cock. With all the stimuli, it was rock hard again and I was stroking on it. Olivia looked from my cock to my face with a pleading look on her face. 

I pushed off the closet wall and crawled over Alexis, who still had not moved, and pushed Olivia backward so her back was on the floor. She took her tit that was in her mouth with her. She splayed her legs wide and I moved between them. Her pussy was pulsing when I pushed into her. She was on fire and I decided that she wanted it hard and fast. I pumped my cock in deep and pulled all the way back out. Her pussy was still pulsing on the tip of my cock. I pushed back into her. 

Olivia clamped her legs around the back of my thighs and was pulling my hips down hard into her. She screamed out very loud. I figured that Ron must have already left and there was no holds barred now. She was screaming, "OH FUCK. OH FUCK. OH FUCK." Olivia's screams aroused Alexis and she rolled slowly to her side to watch. 

I fucked Olivia into two more orgasms and the second one came so close to the first, it may have been just one huge one. Her legs fell off the back of my thighs. I maneuvered myself so I could feast on her mega-tits. Her eyes were closed and her mouth hung open. No sound came from her anymore after the second orgasm other than her gasps for air. 

I continued pounding into her and then I decided to change it up. I pulled all the way out and pushed just the tip in and rapidly began tip-fucking as fast as I could. She bent up at the waist and whimpered, "Oh fuck. I'm fucked. Oh fuck." 

I could feel another load coming on fast and I hurried to bring it on while I could still fuck. I was exhausted. When I unloaded into Olivia, she screamed again and collapsed under me. I held my torso up so as to not crush her. I pushed my cock deep with each stream of cum. Her head was flailing from side to side as she groaned, "UUUNNNGGGHHH..UUNNGGHH." 

I fell off to my side and caressed Olivia's tits and tweaked her nipples. I love the way they jiggle when being fondled. The fact that I was late to my morning job flashed through my mind and that thought was followed immediately by 'what a strange time to think of that.' I pushed myself up to a sitting position and reached back to touch Alexis' thigh. She was just looking at me. She saw me looking at her. "Fucking unbelievable," she said as she shook her head. 

I pushed myself up to stand and noticed that my cock was starting to get soft. I knelt down to Alexis and said, "I have to get in the shower and get dressed. I am so late for work. Can you figure out if you or Olivia will be driving me back to the town pool? Right now, it doesn't look like Olivia is going to do anything in the near future." 

When I had showered and dressed and returned to the bedroom, Olivia had not moved yet. Alexis was pulling her bra and gown on. She was barefoot. I knelt on the floor and kissed Olivia and she opened her eyes, so I knew she was alive at least. Alexis and I went down the stairs and through the house to the garage. I got in the backseat again and covered up with the blanket. After the guard house waved her through, I climbed into the front seat. She smiled at me and threw me an air-kiss. I smiled back. 

I was more or less useless as I sleep-walked through the two pool cleanings. I normally have a lot of time between those jobs and Olivia's pool at 2:00 PM and now I had Emma's pool to clean at 1:00 PM. Alexis was furious with her mother that she had scheduled me for 1:00 PM. She wanted it to be after she got home from school. I thought that was exactly why Emma set it for 1:00. She didn't want to share with Alexis. 

When I pulled into Emma's driveway at 1:00, I had to drag myself as much as all the equipment around to the pool which thankfully was much smaller than Olivia's. She came out immediately in her bikini with a pitcher of lemonade and two glasses. She could see I was beat and she knew exactly why. Emma had had to drive Alexis to school because she was so late getting home this morning. She had to keep it a secret from her husband, who had left for the same meeting that Ron was going to. He would have been furious if he knew she wasn't in her room all night. Emma had thought about letting her stay home today but she wanted a chance to talk with me. She knew we had set a date for Friday night. 

I connected the hose to the skimmer and started vacuuming the sides and bottom. Emma asked me to come and sit under the umbrella so we could talk. My immediate thought was, "Yeah, right. Talk." That was all we did though. We talked about sex and how Alexis is so accomplished at her age. Coincidentally, that was going to be a question for Alexis on Friday. 

Emma explained that when she was young, she took a job out of high school as a stripper. Judging from Alexis' looks, Emma probably had a lot of routine customers. She continued that she promptly got pregnant with Alexis. She never married the guy and wasn't really even sure which guy it was. As Alexis grew into her early teens she would take every opportunity to spy on Emma and her frequent sex partners. 

When Alexis was thirteen, Emma met her current husband. She was thirty-one and knew her clock for getting a husband was ticking, especially if she wanted a rich one. She was very beautiful and rich men like to have eye-candy dangling on their arm. She met him at the club and he was infatuated with her. They got married soon after. He had a daughter of his own from a previous marriage. She was eighteen when they married. Shortly afterwards, she caught him having sex with his daughter and soon discovered that the daughter was always the instigator. 

Emma had witnessed a lot of lesbian sex over the years and had engaged in it herself many times. After spying on her husband and his daughter several times she inserted herself in the action. Little did she know that Alexis was spying on all of them. Alexis learned a lot from just watching. Alexis was a junior when she turned eighteen and that very day she inserted herself in the family fun. 

Alexis had particularly liked having sex with her step-sister who was now twenty-three and living out on her own. With tutoring from her mother and step-father, she had become very proficient at all aspects of sex. 

When Emma had finished her story, she said, "It was just a lifestyle choice. Don't judge her too harshly. She is a wonderful girl. She likes you, a lot. I know your dating life is starting out kind of backwards and I have no idea how that will affect you as a couple." 

I finished my glass of lemonade and said, "Wow. That explains a lot. It also explains why you are such an incredible fuck yourself. The jig is up though. I think Olivia and Sophia have always thought of you as a bit of a prude." 

Emma laughed hard and her tits jiggled. She said, "Yes. I imagine they have thought of me that way. I have worked on being a prude for a long time now." I leaned in and kissed her gently on the lips and she did the same to me. She opened her eyes as our lips parted and said, "I'll leave you to your work. I know you must be exhausted from last night." She kissed me again and smiled as she said, "You'd better come prepared to fuck my brains out right here on the deck tomorrow. I haven't been able to think of anything but my 'squirt' yesterday." She reached over and squeezed my cock through my shorts. It shot right to attention. 

She looked down and could see the tent that had developed there. She put one hand to her mouth and with mock wide eyes said, "Oh my. Did I do that? I'm so sorry. Let me take care of that for you." She was grinning the whole time. She slid off her chair and knelt on the deck between my legs. She easily pulled away the elastic band of my nylon shorts and exposed my raging hard cock. She pulled the elastic band below my balls and released it. 

Like she was worshipping at the altar, Emma gently wrapped both hands around my cock and began spiraling each hand up and down my shaft in counter rotating directions. My head rocked back on my neck and a groan escaped my lips. Then she stopped and just held it as she used the very tip of her tongue to flagellate the spot at the base of the glans. It is very sensitive there and I muttered, "Oh fuck Emma. That's amazing." She continued with the tongue and then used a hand to just squeeze my cock hard for a few seconds and then release. She repeated it over and over. She cradled my balls in her other hand and rolled them up and down with her fingers. 

I couldn't believe it but just doing what she was doing was going to get me off. She was looking me in the eyes the whole time and when she felt my balls tighten she smiled and said, "Surprise. I got ya." I groaned as my first shot rocketed up the shaft, "UUUNNNGGGHHHHHH." My chest compressed downward as if to assist the force behind my sperm. My hips fired toward her face and settled back. My legs shot out straight on either side of where Emma was kneeling and then immediately recoiled. My teeth were clenched tight and I seethed out, "JEEESSSSUUUUSSS, FFFFUUUCCCKKKK." 

Emma had pulled back her tongue but continued squeezing my cock and aimed it toward her mouth which she had opened wide and rolled out her tongue to catch my load. My first shot went deep in her mouth and she coughed it back. Her eyes went wide as shot after shot of hot, thick, creamy cum filled her mouth. She pushed her distended lips down on the tip to take the rest and then even that wasn't enough as cum squeezed out around the corner of her lips and ran down to her chin. 

I was pushing my hips forward with each shot as I muttered, "Oh fuck," in sync with my hips. Emma was content to just collect my jizz in her mouth. She didn't attempt to swallow it right away. When I had finished my last salvo, she pulled her lips back from my cock and stuck her tongue out through her lips and licked the last drop from the eye. She tipped her head back and opened her mouth to show me all the pearly white sperm in her mouth. She swirled it around with her tongue. She smiled and cum rolled out of her mouth and down her chin and then down to her hand which she raised to catch it. She closed her mouth and with some effort swallowed all of it. She licked around her lips as far out as she could reach and then lapped the palm of her hand that had caught the escaped cum. She smacked her lips and said, "Yummy. I love the taste of young cum." 

I was slow to recover from her 'whatever the hell you call it' job. I watched every millisecond of her mouth handling my jizz. She turned her head just so in the light and I could barely see, under her makeup, a bruise on her cheek near her left ear. I turned her head to look closer. She realized her mistake and turned it back away from me. I started to say something but Emma cut me off, "It's nothing. Olivia's husband, Ron spoke to my husband last night about my threats to charge him this morning for molesting Alexis. Well, that won't be happening." 

As if to punctuate her desire not to talk about it she pushed her mouth back down on my softening cock and lapped and licked any taste of cum from my cock. She pulled off and smacked her lips again and smiled up at me. As if to make sure the subject was changed she said, "So, where are you taking Alexis on your first date?" 
