 [Alexis' graduation events have started and she and Hunter just spent the day at the beach and what a day it was.] 

After coming back from the beach and dropping off Alexis at the end of her driveway, I turned off the van radio and just luxuriated in the memories of the fantastic day. I couldn't get the image of Alexis in the micro-bikini out of my mind. My cock stiffened and pushed out the leg of my shorts. I absent-mindedly began stroking it. I wasn't paying any attention to much of anything except Alexis in my mind's eye. 

I hadn't noticed the Police cruiser following close behind me until the blue lights came on and the siren did a single "blurp". "Oh fuck," I said, out loud. My first thought was, 'Was I speeding?' I didn't think so. If anything I was going too slowly. 'Was I weaving from lane to lane?' It was possible. My head was somewhere else. Then I thought, 'It's probably Erin or Samantha fucking with me.' I would find out soon enough as the cruiser's door opened. In the dark I couldn't make out a form in the dark. I reached for my wallet to get my license and my van registration was on the visor above my head. I grabbed both documents and prepared to hand them to whoever asked. I could see a silhouette in the flashing lights. It didn't look like either Sam or Erin. 'Fuck,' I thought. 

A male voice asked for my license and registration as he stood back behind the driver's window. I handed them back to him. He asked me where I was going and I told him I was going home. He asked if I had been drinking and I told him "no". He told me to stay in the van and he disappeared back to the cruiser. 

So far it was standard operating procedure. Several minutes later, I saw the cruiser's driver door open again and the cop walked up the side of my van. He handed me my license and registration and told me I had been weaving across the solid yellow line. I began to apologize but he cut me off and asked me to open the side sliding door. My heart seized but I had nothing to hide so I swiveled my seat to the inside and moved back to the door and unlatched it. 

The dome light in the van came on as the door slid open and illuminated a body standing by the door. It was Erin. She was in uniform but she had removed her gun belt and equipment belts and her shirt was unbuttoned. She was bra-less and full cleavage was on display. She didn't say anything as she stepped into the light and pushed me back onto my butt. She had the sultriest look on her face as she climbed into the van. She was unbuckling her pants as she stepped forward. 

As she bent forward, her shirt separated and her big tits hung out in plain sight. My cock grew to maximum size and pushed out of the leg of my shorts. In the dim light, she went right for it. She went to her knees with her pants at her feet which were sticking out the side door. Without a word, she sank her mouth down on my cock and stretched her mouth from side to side to get it in. Her left hand was rubbing her pussy from anus to clitoris as her legs separated just enough to allow access. Her right hand was wrapped around my cock. I hadn't said a word either as Erin began giving me an incredible blowjob/handjob. My mouth hung open as my head tilted back against a stack of equipment piled up behind the driver's seat and bungee-corded in place. I closed my eyes and enjoyed Erin's varying ministrations on my cock. 

When I heard and felt Erin groan,"UUUUNNNGGGGGHHHH," I opened my eyes and they instantly went wide. The guy cop had come around the van and had pushed his cock into Erin's pussy from behind. He was still fully dressed and fully encumbered with all his equipment. His zipper was down and his cock was rapidly plowing Erin's pussy. She was groaning around my cock as he buried himself over and over again. He had his hands on her hips pulling himself in hard. I had my hands on her head driving her mouth. 

Erin slowly maneuvered my cock deep into her mouth and I could feel it slide into her throat. I groaned from the pleasure. The guy cop was grunting with each thrust of his hips. Erin pulled off completely and gasped for a lungful of air and groaned out, "OH FUCK. YES. YESSSSS. FFFUCCCKKK MMEEE HHAARRDDERRR." 

Erin shoved her mouth back down on my cock and 'guy cop' increased his pace. His face was masked in clenched teeth as he furious slammed his cock into Erin's pussy. He was the first to go. Erin pulled her face off my cock and turned back. "NOOOOO. I'M ALMOST THERE." She knew it was too late as he launched his load into her pussy. She groaned, 'YYYUUUNNGGGGHHH," with each shot as he slammed his cock into her on each one. 

Erin, resigned to her lost orgasm, went back to work on my cock. 'Guy cop' pulled his limp cock from her pussy and stepped back. He pushed his dick back in his pants and zipped up. He announced that he would wait for her in the cruiser and disappeared. Again she pulled my cock from her mouth and said, "He's such a terrible fuck. I need to get a new partner." I laughed and she started to push her mouth back on my cock. 

I stopped her and she looked up confused. I pulled her into the van and laid her back on the yoga mat that was still unrolled. Her shirt lay to her sides and her big tits lay flattened on her chest. Her nipples were very hard and erect. I got on my knees between her legs which she had pulled up and splayed her knees wide. Her pants bunched up close to her ass. Her chin was pulled down low so she could watch what I was doing. 

I moved my body up so I could kiss her passionately on her lips. She was breathing hard from anticipation. I moved down lower and kissed her neck and collar-bone and then ran my tongue around and around each tit spiraling in to her nipples. She was moaning hard as I made my trip down her body. She tensed as I kissed certain spots that must have been ticklish. I flicked my tongue in her navel and pushed two fingers into her pussy, which was wet with a mixture of 'guy cops' cum and her vaginal fluids. Her hips flew up off the mat as if to bite my fingers. I pushed my fingers in a few inches and right away found that rough spot in her pussy near her pubic bone called the 'g-spot'. I curled my fingers up to strum the spot and Erin's hips slammed down and her torso lifted off the floor like she was doing a stomach crunch. Her eyes were wide and her mouth formed an "O" as she silently screamed. 

I didn't dwell on her 'g-spot'. If she was going to 'squirt', I preferred that it not be in my van. I pulled my fingers from her pussy and maneuvered my hips up close to hers. She was frantic with lust. Her hands were pawing my hips trying to speed things up. She loudly and urgently yelled, "OOHHH FUUCCKK HUNTER. I NEED YOUR BIG FATTY IN ME NNNNNOOOOOWWWWW. PPPLLEEEEAAAASSEEE." 

I used my hand to guide my cock to her pussy. I slid the glans up and down her slit from clit to anus several times. She was going nuts and every time I slid my velvety pebbled glans across her clit, she launched her hips upward with her legs and whimpered, "OOHH FFUUCCK. PLEASE." 

I figured that I had teased her enough and I pushed my cock slowly into her depths. She screamed out, "YYYYYEEESSSS. OOHHH GGGOOODDDD. YYOUU ARRE SPPPLITTTTINNGGG MMEEE INNN HHALLLFFF." Her head was flailing from side to side even before I began fucking her. I pushed in as far as it would go and bent low and began sucking on her tits. She grabbed my head and mashed my face all around them. 

I began a slow and long fucking motion and Erin was in a continuous moan of, "AAAHHH AAAHHHH AAAHHH." I could feel her body beginning to tense and when she crashed over the top of her orgasm her mouth flew open. "YYYUUUNNNNGGGGGGGG," exploded from her lungs. She clenched her teeth together with her lips in a feral sneer. Her torso pushed off the mat. She had my head in her hands and I had to go with her. Her pussy was clamping down hard on my cock as I maintained the same pace. 

I could feel her juices flowing by my cock and dripping down my balls. She was going crazy as she kept going higher and higher. Her torso dropped back on the mat pulling my head with her. She was forcing her hips up into me and I had to pull out of her. A hot liquid shot up the front of me and there was no doubt now that she was 'squirting'. 

When I came out of her pussy, she shoved four fingers in and began fucking herself as she screamed and screamed. I was sputtering her 'squirt' juice from my mouth and nose. There was no where to put my cock so I sat back on my feet and watched her go. Jesus, did she ever go. She suddenly pulled her hand out and another stream fired out against my chest and stomach. I stayed right there to block it. I was soaked. Her pussy was furiously grabbing at air. I pushed my cock back in and Erin began feverishly humping her hips up and down. 

By now she was whimpering as her orgasm went on and on. She couldn't stop it and she didn't want to. I was fucking her as hard as I could and my own orgasm was coming on like a freight train. When it arrived I let out a loud guttural groan and pulled my hips back and as cum shot up my shaft, I slammed it as deep in her pussy as I could. She felt the incredible force behind it and she screamed, "OOOHHH JJEESSUSSS. FFFUUCCKKKK. YESSSSSSSSSSS." 

As I shot my final salvo, she was starting to come down from the crest of her orgasm. Her eyes were open and she was looking up at me with a most satisfied grin on her face. I was gasping for air as my hips continued to randomly pulse. After the last shot I slowly began to collapse forward. She pushed out her arms to welcome me down to her chest. She held me there as she began to get her breath. 

After a few minutes Erin whispered that she needed to get going. I rolled off her and pulled my cock from her pussy. She scooched down and sucked my cock into her mouth and sucked and licked until it was clean and then she pulled off and smacked her lips and smiled back at me. She pulled her pants up from her feet and slid the side door open. She got up and stood on the ground and pulled her pants up and buttoned, zipped and buckled them. She buttoned up her shirt and stuffed the tails into her pants. I scooched over to drape my feet out to help her in any way I could. She didn't need any. 

She bent down and kissed me on the lip. She noticed the sore lip and said, "What does the other guy look like?" 

I chuckled and said, "It was a twenty-five year old woman." 

She raised an eyebrow and said, "I'll have to hear that story some time." She kissed me again and hurried back and climbed into the cruiser. 'Guy Cop' started the car and they roared out onto the road. In seconds, it was absolutely quiet. I slid the door shut and climbed behind the wheel and eased out on the pavement. I was home in five minutes. 

I went directly to the bathroom and stripped down and took a shower. I reeked of sex and my skin was icky from Erin's 'squirt' and the salt and sand. I stood in the hot water for twenty minutes thoroughly enjoying myself. I had removed the bandage on my shoulder and let the hot water beat on it. It was still sore. I re-bandaged it after I dried off. I pulled on some clean shorts and a fresh tee-shirt and sat down in the living room. My parents were watching TV. My mother asked if I had had dinner and I said yes. It seemed like I was lying to her more often than telling the truth. They always seemed to be for a good reason but I chastised myself for it anyway. 

The next morning it was Sunday and I only had the Town Pool to do. Two hours later I was done for the day. I lounged around the Town Pool for a while afterward soaking up the rays. I lay in a lounge chair for a while and it was getting pretty busy. Many were in the water and others just lay in lounge chairs. A group of girls that I recognized from High School came in and when they spotted me, they came over to talk. They were seniors now and were about to graduate in the next few days. They remembered me from the Football team. One of them had been a cheerleader during my junior year. She had been a sophomore then. 

The Cheerleader asked if I came to the pool often and I told her every day. She said that she was here often and she hadn't seen me before today. I explained that I cleaned the pool early and then I was gone. She commented on how clean the water always was and how it didn't reek of chlorine like most public pools. I smiled at the compliment. 

Cheerleader and I talked for a while as the others stripped off their beach cover-ups and sprawled on adjacent lounges. I watched them and was surprised at the bodies on these girls. I hadn't remembered them that way. They were kind of attractive in the face too but I was jaded by Alexis and everyone else looked a little bit worse for it. 

My cell phone rang and I fumbled around in my rolled up tee-shirt to find it. Cheerleader said that it was nice to see me and she went back to her friends. I looked at the screen to see who was calling. It was Alexis. I smiled at the photo of her on the phone's screen. I answered with a cheery tone. I was always glad to hear her voice. She asked me what my plans were for the day. I told her I was just hanging out at the Town Pool, checking out all the babes. She laughed and said that she was sure that I was. Then she asked if I would like to hang out at her pool. I said, "Fuck, yea." My cock was already responding. She asked me how long it would take me to get there. I looked down at the tent in my shorts and told her "I'm already there." She laughed, she knew what I meant. 

I said, "What about your step-father?" She told me that he was out of town on some emergency trip. I was gathering my stuff and pushing myself out of the chair. "I'm on my way." 

When I went to stand up my stiff cock pushed out the leg of my shorts and Cheerleader, who had been watching my conversation the whole time, gawked wide-eyed at my crotch. I was busy pulling my tee-shirt on and hadn't noticed that my cock was now fully exposed from tip to balls. When the tee-shirt was down over my face I noticed Cheerleader staring at me. Her mouth hung open slack-jaw. I looked down as I was pulling my tee-shirt down to my waist and saw what she was staring at. I immediately grabbed my cock and shoved it up into my shorts and pulled the leg down. There was nothing to be done about the tented nylon material. I looked back at Cheerleader. My face must have been beet-red. I could feel the heat of embarrassment. She was licking her lips. I just smiled at her and headed for my van. 

I drove as fast as I dared. The cops all seemed to be laying in wait for me lately. I pulled into the driveway and to keep up the ruse for any suspicious neighbors grabbed a bucket of chemicals from the sliding door and carried it around the garage to the pool. I left it outside the gate and pushed it open. 

I looked immediately toward the far end of the pool where the tables, chairs and umbrellas were. No one was there. I was a little disappointed. I was expecting both Alexis and Emma to be there naked. My dick was expecting that too as it was standing out in front of me like a divining-rod as it poked from the leg of my shorts. I stepped through the gate and was assaulted from both left and right by two gorgeous naked women. 

I saw Alexis first. She jumped out at me with a squeal and pushed herself into my arms. Her arms went around my neck and pulled herself up to kiss me. I felt her tits and stiff nipples press against my chest through my tee-shirt. Almost immediately, I felt a mouth forced onto my exposed cock. I couldn't see past Alexis but it had to be Emma. 

Emma shoved her face all the way down my shaft and then pulled back off and stood up to push her way into my arms beside her daughter. I welcomed her in with one arm around her shoulder. Her big tits crushed into my side. I bent down and kissed her too. They both had a hand on my cock and were working together jacking me off. Emma was as glad to see me as Alexis was. 

Still jacking on my cock, they dragged me along the side of the pool to the lounge chairs at the other end. Emma broke away and adjusted my lounge chair back to lay down flat. Alexis pulled my shorts off and I pulled my tee-shirt over my head. She maneuvered me back into the chair and Emma pushed me to lay back. No words had been spoken by any of us. I lay back and before my head hit the lounge chair, Alexis' mouth was on my cock inhaling it. She had gotten used to the girth and knew she had to open her mouth as wide as she could to get it in. I instinctively looked down to watch my cock disappear in her mouth but Emma planted her naked pussy on my face before I could even get a glimpse. I plunged my tongue into her sopping wet pussy. She groaned out loud as my nose pushed against her clitoris. Her hands were on the side of my head pulling me up into her. 

Alexis' blowjob was incredible but short-lived as she pulled back and maneuvered her legs up my thighs and pushed her pussy down on my cock. She groaned hard from the size. She adjusted on the fly as she steadily pushed herself down the length of my shaft until she was sitting on my balls. She stayed right there as she reached around behind and rolled my balls around in one hand. She always thrilled at how my balls moved around in my scrotum. 

When Alexis started fucking herself she leaned forward and wrapped her hands around her mother's big tits. She rolled her nipples in her fingers and Emma moaned from the attack. Alexis was in heaven as she slid my rock hard shaft up and down in her silky love-glove. The tightness was incredible and I got even harder. Alexis moaned from the surge in girth. She leaned even further forward and rested her forehead on her mother's chest and began sucking on her nipples. 

Emma was continuously moaning from my tongue flicking on her clitoris and then piercing her pussy lips. Vaginal juices were flooding down my face and I was lapping and sucking it up as best I could. When I pushed my index finger into her anus to the second knuckle, she screamed, "UUUNNNGGGGHHH," and instantly began bucking her hips on my face which forced my index finger deeper. Emma yelled out, "OOOHHHH MMYYY GGGOOODDD. YYESSSS. FFFUUCCCKKK." 

I concentrated on getting into a rhythm of tongue-fucking Emma's pussy and pivoting my hips up and down to cock-fuck Alexis' pussy. Both of my girls were moaning and gasping for breath as our fuck session continued for several minutes. 

I increased my pace on Emma's pussy and she started grinding her pussy on my face. I had to turn sideways to breathe. Alexis was pinching Emma's nipples hard. I pulled my index finger from Emma's ass and she stopped all of her motion. Tensing in every muscle began building and a long low pitched groan erupted from her mouth. As her muscles grew taught, the groan increased in pitch to a wail and she screamed out, "YYYESSS. III'MMM GGGOONNNAAA CCCCCUUMMMMM," and did she ever. 

Emma ran one hand down to her pussy and was furiously digging her fingers into her own pussy. Her fingers just slid right in beside my tongue. I pulled out just as a surge of fluid hit me in the face. I gasped and my mouth was flooded. She was 'squirting' an incredible amount of fluid. It went up my nose and I began coughing. Emma was oblivious to anything but her pussy as she continued to dig with all four fingers. 

Alexis heard the 'squirting' noise like a high pressure hose spraying and marveled at the guttural scream emitted from her mother's throat. She just smiled and continued her fucking motion on my cock but I had other concerns, like breathing and coughing and gagging from Emma's flood. The stream and spray of juice from Emma's pussy subsided and stopped and then Emma's orgasm rose again and she launched a lesser flood. She did this three times before pulling herself off my face and collapsing in an adjacent chair. She was rubbing her palm and fingers around her pussy. I could hear a loud squishy noise as she continued working herself. 
