 [Hunter has been satisfying the sexual needs of three rich trophy-wives and the eighteen year old daughter of one of them. Olivia made plans to have Hunter 'entertain' the four women during an annual house/pool party and hot sex was had by all. Hunter and Alexis spent much of the night on a closet floor while Olivia's husband snores loudly mere feet away. Olivia has now requested that Hunter enlist some help to entertain several of her high school friends as they plan their Tenth Year Reunion. They can't resist the obvious cliché of having sex with the pool boys. In this chapter, Hunter and Alexis have their first date that turns out to last all weekend. There are other unexpected encounters along the way.] 

***** 

At breakfast, the next morning, my mother told me that she and my dad would be away for the weekend at an offsite political conference. Mom said they would be leaving right after dad got home from work today and they would be home late Sunday afternoon. I had planned on asking them if I could take their car on my date tonight but that was a no-go now. The van, as tacky as it was, would have to do. I would take some time later and make sure it was clean at least. 

At the town pool, dressed in my usual uniform of sockless sneakers and nylon shorts, it was stiflingly hot. I unloaded my gear and took two trips to carry it poolside. I tested the water and it was in pretty good shape. I vacuumed the sides and bottom and backwashed the filter. I was soaking wet from sweat. When I went to grab the bucket of granular chlorine, it wasn't there. I went back to the van and it wasn't there either. I stopped and reflected back to figure out what happened to it. The last job from yesterday had been at Olivia's. Noah must have left it behind. I mumbled to myself, "Crap. You can't rely on anyone, can you?" I continued in thought, 'Now I have to make an unplanned trip across town to pick it up. Oh well, the water here is in the target range. I don't need it now'. 

I didn't have any other pool cleaning jobs scheduled for today, so I decided to collect my equipment and drive over to Olivia's now to see if the bucket was there. It was a twenty minute drive to the other side of town. 

I was absent mindedly driving along thinking of Alexis and our date tonight. I had made reservations at the fanciest restaurant in the area. I had laid out my dress clothes and made sure they were ready to go. I had even shined my dress shoes. I decided against a suit and opted for gray dress slacks, white button-down shirt and art-deco tie and a black sport jacket. I was thinking about everything except for my driving. 

I hadn't notice the police cruiser close in behind me until the siren bleeped once and the red and blue lights started flashing. I instantly pulled myself from my reverie and my heart began racing as I pulled off to the side of the road. I had left the confines of the urban part of town and houses here were old farms and were spread apart by great distances. The only sign of civilization in sight was the cruiser parked behind me. 

I knew the drill and I pulled my wallet out of the console and removed my license. The registration was on the visor above my head. I watched the police officer step from the cruiser and then walk down the side of my van and stop just behind my driver's window. I couldn't see the officer very well from there. When I heard, "License and Registration please," I knew from the voice that it was a female officer. 

I handed her my documentation and she looked at it. She said, "Do you know how fast you were driving?" 

I turned to try to look at her but her face was above the roof line. I said, "I'm sorry Officer. I don't. I was lost in thought and wasn't paying proper attention." 

She said, "I'd like to inspect the inside of your vehicle. Is that alright with you?" My heart began racing again. I knew in theory that you never allowed the police to inspect the inside of your vehicle, and I was a little scared about her request. I started 'hemming' and 'hawing' with 'errs' and 'umms' thrown in for good measure. 

I knew there was no reason to worry about any search. Like the nineteen year old idiot that I am I said, "Sure, No problem." Then I remembered that I had Noah in the van yesterday and I know he uses weed. I prayed to God that he hadn't left anything in the van. 

The Officer asked me to get out of the van and open the sliding door on the other side. When I stepped out and was facing her, I could see that she was traditionally dressed in Police garb with the dark blue uniform with all the black belts for equipment and gun. A microphone was attached to her left shoulder. She wore her traditional military style hat and mirrored aviator sunglasses that were a lot like the ones I was wearing. Her badge and patches on her arm proclaimed that she was an Officer of the local Police force. Her name tag said 'O'Reilly'. Her hair was pulled tight to the sides of her head and I couldn't make out the color in the shade of the van. 

I walked to the other side and pulled open the sliding door. She followed closely behind. She asked me to turn the swivel passenger seat and sit down facing the back. I did as she asked. I felt a little awkward with no shirt on and wearing only my shorts and sneakers. I heard a cell phone ring and she stepped back and turned to walk toward the rear of the van. I could hear her talking but I couldn't make out any words. 

When she came back to the sliding door, she had her equipment belt and gun belt in her hands. 'That's odd,' I thought. She put them down on the floor of the van and while still standing outside she began unbuttoning her shirt. She fumbled with what was apparently her front clasp bra and pulled it all off. Her nipples were erect and she lifted her tits up and licked one of the nipples and then the other. 

She smiled at me as she was amused by the confused look on my face. She lowered her tits and unbuckled her pants and let them and her thong drop to the ground. She bent down and pulled her pants over her shoes and then picked all of her clothes off the ground and placed them on the floor in the van. She ran her tongue around her lips as she ran both hands down to her groin and separated her labia. She was soaking wet as vaginal juices flowed down her inner thighs. 

"What the fuck is going on?" I said and she smiled again. She reached up and pulled her hat off and her red hair cascaded down over her shoulders. She took off her sunglasses and the lights finally came on. It was Erin from yesterday's pool party at Olivia's. "Holy Shit," I said as a smile overtook my face. Other than her black shoes and socks, she was completely naked my cock pushed out the leg of my shorts. 

Erin reached out to me and pulled me down to sit on the edge of the sliding door with my feet on the ground. She moved up close to me and pushed her pussy into my face. I placed my hands on her hips and pulled her to me as I pushed my tongue into her pussy. She groaned loudly and wrapped her hands around my head. Using her hands as leverage, she began grinding her groin on my face. 

It seemed odd to me to be sucking a cop's pussy but it didn't deter me. She pulled back and moved past me to lie down on the floor of my van. She pulled my hard cock along with her as she went by. As I came up on my hands and knees I pulled my shorts off. Now I was as naked as she was. 

We got into a sixty-nine position with me on top. I buried my face back in her pussy and she was frantically trying to catch my bouncing cock with her mouth. She finally gave that up and grabbed it with her hand and pushed it in her mouth and sucked my cock in deep. I groaned as it slipped into the tight confines of her throat. She held it there for several seconds and then began giving me a fantastic blowjob. We were both groaning loudly. I balanced on one arm and molested her tits with the other hand. I was marveling at her amazing body. It occurred to me that I was pumping my cock down into her face that in spite of not wearing any makeup was very attractive. 

I felt my orgasm rising and my cock surged larger in her throat. She knew the score and pulled back to take my load in her mouth. I doubled my efforts on her pussy and clitoris trying to bring her over with me. She clamped her legs on the side of my face and began thrusting her hips up and down. Her fluids were flowing from her and I was sucking them into my mouth as fast as I could. 

As I fired my first salvo into her face she pulled all the way back as it had fired directly down into her throat and she was gagging uncontrollably. Cum was now launching down onto her face. She aimed it lower on her body and cum splashed on her chest and tits. She was frantically trying to clear the gooey cum from her throat when she gagged and groaned at the same time as her own orgasm crashed over her. She held my head with her legs and launched her hips up and down many times. I pushed my tongue down on her clit when I could make contact with it. She was now screaming which was helping her clear her throat. I was groaning and breathing when she allowed me to. 

I must have fired half-dozen long ropes of pearly white, thick, gooey cum onto her face and torso. She pulsed with spastic hips and pussy for nearly a minute. We were both gasping for air as she released my head from her thighs and collapsed her legs to the van floor. I maintained contact on her pussy as the pulses continued. 

With my face buried in her pussy, I didn't notice the light coming through the sliding door being blocked. I did feel the van rock down and then up again and I pulled my head to the side to see what was going on. Another cop was standing on the running board looking down at Erin and me. I could only see the feet and legs until they squatted down and looked at my face glistening with Erin's juices. The cop was obviously another woman and a petite one at that. She turned to look at Erin's face and started laughing when she saw the gooey mess all over Erin's face and chest. 

I rolled off of Erin's body to lie on my side on the van floor facing the door. Erin sat up and swiveled her hips around so her feet were hanging out of the van. Erin and the new cop were busy scooping up cum from her tits and face with their fingers and licking them clean with their tongues. The new cop leaned in and sucked cum from Erin's nipples and then kissed her on the lips. My cock surged to full dimensions with this lesbian display. 

The new cop sat down on the floor beside Erin and I could tell she was unbuttoning her shirt. I began stroking my hard cock in anticipation. Cop number two had on all the same stuff as Erin, including the hat and sunglasses. She shrugged out of her shirt and removed her bra. She leaned forward and pulled her pants down to her knees. She bent forward and after several seconds, both shoes were lifted up and placed on the floor of the van. Her pants and panties followed. She pulled off her hat and then she removed her sunglasses and turned around to face me. 

"Well I'll be fucked," I said. It was Samantha from yesterday. I had not had the pleasure of her yet. She had sucked and fucked Noah but she had not joined in the party between me and the others. She was blonde with short hair. I had noticed her tits yesterday. They were pretty big for her size. She stood only about 5'2" tall. I had particularly noticed her ass as she had fucked Noah like a bucking bronco. She had all the curves in the right places. She was pretty enough but not as attractive as Erin. 

I said, "Don't tell me that all of you ladies at Olivia's are local cops." 

Erin and Sam both laughed and Erin said, "No, just us two; although, Heather does work for the DA's office." Sam looked at Erin and then at me. I had pulled myself up to sit cross-legged on the floor. My cock was in my hand to stop it from bouncing. Sam and Erin were passing some silent signals back and forth and I looked at each of them like it was a tennis match. Erin finally mumbled to Sam, "Just explain. It's no big deal." 

Sam swung herself into the van and sat facing me with her legs crossed like me. Erin did the same. She pulled the sliding door shut as Sam pulled the curtain between the front and the back. The blackout windows and the curtain gave us complete privacy. 

Sam said, "First of all, our apologies for the stop and approaching you this way. We expected that you would recognize us and the purpose would be obvious. Don't blame Erin, I made her do this. After we left Olivia's yesterday, everyone was yakking about how thick your cock was. I thoroughly enjoyed fucking Noah and he has an amazing cock too. I wanted to strap you on though. I hope you don't mind our methods. I thought it would be funny." 

I looked at Erin and then at Sam and said, "I'm sorry I didn't recognize you right away. Yesterday was an amazing blur and I didn't place you with your clothes on and until the sunglasses came off, I had no clue. I must say that 'funny' would not describe how I felt about being pulled over. It's all good though." 

I noticed that they were watching me stroke my cock. I shut up and leaned back on my elbows with my cock pointing up at the ceiling. Sam stood up and straddled my head with her feet facing my feet and squatted down and pushed her pussy onto my face. Erin moved over and straddled my hips facing Sam and pushed her pussy down on my steel shaft. She groaned loudly as she sank down to my balls. She held still to adjust herself to my girth. I pushed my tongue up and touched Sam's clit, which was already swollen and poking from its protective hood. She pulled up away from my tongue and promptly settled back down again. She was sopping wet. 

I tongue fucked Samantha as I lightly brushed my palms over her nipples, which were hard as nails. I then moved my hands to Erin's tits and palmed her nipples the same way. Erin was pummeling herself on my cock. She bounced up and down and was groaning continuously. She muttered, "Jesus Christ. Your cock is so fat and so hard. You're splitting me so good." 

When Erin bent forward and placed her hands on my chest and leaned in and sucked Sam's left nipple into her mouth, Sam yelled out, "OH FUCK. YESSSS.. YESSSS. I'MMM CCCUMMMINNNGGGG. OH MY GGGODDDDDD." She was bucking all over my face and vaginal fluids poured from her pussy as spastic clenches on my tongue pushed me out of her. I pushed back in at the earliest opportunity. 

Erin was slurping on Sam's tits when I felt her pussy clamping hard on my cock. Her rhythm was gone as she broke contact with Sam's tits and her head hung down with her mouth open gasping for breath. I put my hands on her hips and began launching mine up hard. The pressure was amazing when I jammed into her at the same time her pussy was clamping hard. I tried to match it but it was too quick. When her orgasm started, she simply groaned, "FUCK..FUUCCKKKK...FUUCCKKK." She ground her hips down hard onto my cock and rode it through her orgasm. When she got her senses back she said, "OOHHH MMMYYYY GGGODDD." 

As Erin was coming down from her orgasm and Sam was beginning another one I felt my climax approaching like a freight train. My chest heaved and fired back down as my hips fired up into Erin. I groaned, "OOOHHHH FFFUUCCCKKK. HHEERRREE I CCCUMMMM." 

Erin looked at Sam and said,"FUCK. NO SHIT." She groaned as each shot burst into her pussy. She noted the look of pure bliss on Sam's face as she rolled into another orgasm. We were all cumming at the same time. Unbelievable. 

When the pulsing and clenching slowed the only sound was our gasps for air. I stopped tongue-fucking Sam and she slumped forward toward Erin. My cock stayed as hard as ever and Erin took advantage by sporadically pulling her pussy up the length of my shaft and slowly descending again. She was savoring my cock. 

When Sam became aware of her surroundings again she realized that Erin was still fucking my cock in a very slow and sensuous movement. She lifted herself up and looked at Erin and simply said, "My turn." Erin smiled with Sam's words and then frowned when she realized she had to give it up. She reluctantly pulled herself up and off my cock and rolled off to the side. She pushed her hand down and squished her fingers around in her cum and juice mixture. She scooped up a big glob and pushed it into her mouth. She smiled broadly as she savored the taste. 

As Sam moved down to position herself on my cock, she stopped when she noticed Erin's pussy bubbling with cum. She pushed her mouth down on Erin's pussy and tongued as much of the mixture as she could get and then sat herself down on my cock facing me. She pushed herself onto my cock and slowly moved down the shaft, groaning the whole way down. Her face was grimacing with a little pain the entire time. 

Erin moved around behind Sam and pushed her head up to my crotch and began sucking on my balls and licking the shaft as Sam pulled upward. I was going nuts from the attention of these two hot cops. Sam leaned forward which pulled her a couple inches off my cock. I began bucking up into her as fast as I could. Sam's head tipped back on her shoulders and moaned through an open mouth. I was pummeling her pussy and Erin was licking my shaft furiously trying to keep up. 

Sam's entire body went rigid as another orgasm rocked through her. She screamed, "UUUNNNGGGGHHHH," with the first spasms of her pussy and then muttered incoherently, "FFFUUCCCKKK...FFFUUUCCCK...OOOHHHH GGOODDDDD. YOUU"RRREEE KKKIILLLIINNGGG MMMEEEE. FUCK." I kept right on pounding my cock into her as hard as I could. 

My balls pulled out of Erin's mouth and pulled up tight as another orgasm approached from far away. I yelled out, "JJJEEESSSSUUUSSS CCCHHHRRRIISSTTT." My head was flailing from side to side and stream after stream of cum exploded into Sam's pussy. I kept right on fucking her deeply and cum was being pushed out as I pushed in. Cum drooled down my balls and Erin was lapping it up. 

After several minutes Sam's and my breathing started to recover. She had collapsed onto my chest pulling her pussy off my cock. Erin pushed my gooey cock into her mouth and lashed her tongue all around as she slurped and sucked. When I was clean, Erin moved to suck cum from Sam's pussy as it was pushed out by her continuing clenches. I held Sam close to me with my arms around her back. Sam was kissing my nipples at random. 

When Erin had cleaned us both, she moved up and lay beside me and I wrapped an arm around her as she laid her head down on my shoulder. We laid there for many minutes as we slowly gathered our senses. Erin put her hand down on my cock and said, "Jesus Hunter. Your cock is still hard?" 

I said, "Sorry, I can't control it." She laughed at my apology and began stroking it from balls to tip again until she realized that they had to get back to work and she released it. 

Sam pulled herself up and rolled to the opposite side from Erin and pushed herself up to her knees and then stood up. She helped Erin stand. They were both unsure on their feet as they began pulling their uniforms back on. Unbeknownst to me, Erin pushed her thong under the curtain between the front seats as a souvenir. I pulled my shorts on but my hard cock lifted the material and stuck straight out in front of me. 

We all stepped out of the van. I could see Erin's cruiser behind my van with the lights still flashing. Sam's cruiser was pulled over in front on the van. Her lights were not flashing. Sam stepped up to me and stretched up as far as she could to give me a kiss. I had to bend way down to put my lips on hers. We exchanged a long passionate kiss. When Sam dropped back down, Erin stepped up and pushed up my body to kiss me. She whispered in my ear, "If we should stop you again in the future, you just let us know if you don't want to do this again. OK?" I nodded that I understood her meaning. 
