 Olivia's plans to enliven her husband's annual house/pool party for his clients and friend with Hunter's ever-ready cock. The three-amigos plus one can't wait for the party and avail themselves of his cock all afternoon. A couple of caterer chicks get their first taste of sex. Thanks again to Headitor for making this story more readable. 

***** 

The party was supposed to start in a half hour and I could hear a band tuning up downstairs. I was in the bathroom washing my dick with soap and water. There wasn't anything else to do. 

I caught sight of Olivia's reflection in the mirror, standing in the bathroom doorway. I turned around and my jaw dropped. She was dressed in a sleeveless, cobalt blue, sequined, full length gown. Of course it was low cut to show off her superb tits - her cleavage was fully on display. Her neck and ears were dripping in diamonds - perfect hair, and her face, with her evening makeup was stunning. All I could say was "Holy Shit. You're gorgeous." My cock sprang to attention. She burst out laughing when she saw how my cock reacted. 

She said, "Well, thank you Hunter. He seems to like it too," as she nodded toward my cock. "The party is under way, and Sophia, Emma and Alexis have arrived. They are champing at the bit to get up here but I'll try to keep it down to one at a time so no one will miss us. I am dripping wet. I want that dick in me." She reached out and took my hand in her gloved hand and led me into the bedroom. 

She stood facing the bed, bent down and put her hands on the foot board. It was pretty clear what she wanted, so I hiked up her long gown to find that she still had no panties on. She was soaking wet. I pushed two fingers into her pussy and she groaned loudly. They made a wet squishing noise. She turned her head to look back and said, "I need your cock right now." I pushed her dress up high enough so it would stay in place on her back. Her four inch heels brought her up to a perfect height for my attack, so I guided my cock into her pussy. The second it was in the right spot she pushed back hard and buried me deep in her hot sheath. She shoved a gloved hand in her mouth to squelch a scream. 

I hooked my fingers around her hips and began fucking her hard and fast. She groaned with each penetration and her breathing rapidly increased. She was pushing back as hard as I was pushing forward. My groin slapped against her ass-cheeks. I was not trying to hold my climaxes back tonight. They wanted it hard and fast so they could get back down stairs. The risk contributed to the excitement for Olivia and me. Again she shoved a gloved hand into her mouth to stifle a scream. She was already into an orgasm and we hadn't been going for two minutes yet. The onset of her orgasm and the resulting spasms pulled me over too. 

When she felt my cock surge and launch my first shot into her she screamed around her hand again, "OOOHHH GGGOOODDDDD. YYESSS. GIVVEE ITTT TO MEEEE." I shoved into her hard with each shot. They were forceful and I fired them deep in to her womb, groaning with each one. She was just starting to come to after her orgasm as I fired my last bolt of cum into her. 

I pulled out of Olivia and she immediately stood up straight. Her dress fell back to the floor. She lifted the front of her dress, grabbed the towel from the bed and wiped herself. She went to the night-stand and pulled several tissues from the dispenser and shoved them up inside her pussy. She dropped the front of her dress and examined herself in the bathroom mirror. When she was satisfied that everything was in place, she turned to me and stretched up on her toes and kissed me hard. With a swish of material she threw me an air-kiss and smiled as she closed the door behind her. 

I sat down in the chair by the bed and slowly stroked my semi-hard cock. It looked like this was going to be a slam-bam evening and I had to be ready. Twenty minutes later the door opened again and Alexis hurried in and closed the door quickly behind her. She was absolutely stunning in her gown and makeup. I hadn't been able to take my mind off her since yesterday and with a date lined up for Friday, I was very happy to see her. With her makeup on, her hair perfect and her low cut, strapless gown displaying her cleavage, my cock was at full staff. 

I was expecting Alexis to do the same as Olivia had, but she didn't. She turned around and asked me to unzip her gown. The zipper went from her neck to the small of her back and I did as instructed. She let the gown fall to the floor and turned around. She posed for me. She was wearing a push-up strapless bra and matching panties of the high hip variety with her extremely high heels. 'Jesus Christ. What a sight,' I thought. My cock was pulsing in phase with my heartbeat which had skyrocketed when she turned around. 

Alexis ran her tongue around her high sheen lip-glossed lips, which now glistened with her saliva. She unsnapped her bra and let it fall to the floor. She stepped out of her fallen dress and turned around. She spread her legs a little and bent at the waist with her legs straight. She pulled her panties down over her thighs to her knees where they fell to the floor. She reached back with her hands and separated her ass cheeks and labia so I could see her sopping wet vagina and rose-bud. She turned her head to look at me and she had the most lustful, sultry look in her eyes. I couldn't wait for her to let me know how she wanted it. 

She moved one hand between her thighs and wagged her index-finger motioning for me to come to her. I slid out of the chair and crawled on hands and knees to her. I pushed my face into her backside and lapped my broad tongue up the length of her pussy to her anus. As I pushed my tongue into her tight ass, Alexis rocked her hips back and groaned out, "OOOHHH FFFUUUCCKKKKKKK." 

I knew she wasn't going to be able to stand in this position for long. With my hands gripping her hips, I maneuvered her around so she was facing the bed. She moved her hands down to the bed to help hold herself in position. I continued my assault on her anus and Alexis was going crazy. She shoved a gloved hand into her mouth to stifle a scream. I released her hips and put both of my hands on her dangling tits and fingered her nipples. Her legs were quivering and her knees began to buckle. 

Alexis looked back at me and whimpered, "OOHH FUUCCKK. HUNTER, PPPLEAASSEE FFFUUCCKK MMYYY AAASSSS." I pulled back and smiled at her. I lightly pushed her forward and she collapsed forward on to the bed. I helped her move further up so she could get her knees under her stomach. I looked at her sitting on her feet with her ass at the edge of the bed and her torso bent forward on the bed, before adjusting her position so her anus was at the right height for my cock while I was standing up straight. I reached into the nightstand drawer and grabbed a tube of KY Jelly I had found earlier. I put the tube to her anus and squirted out a glob, pushing it in with my middle finger. I slid it into her as far as my finger would reach and then finger fucked her ass a few times. "Oh fuck. Yessss." 

I smeared a glob over my cock and pushed the head against the tight little hole. Her hands reached under her body so she could finger her pussy and clitoris with one hand and touch my cock as it pushed through her sphincter. Her vaginal juices were flooding out of her. 

I very gently inched my cock into her ass. When she tensed I stopped and when she relaxed I pushed forward. After a few minutes, I was deep in her ass and Alexis was cradling my balls in her hand. She was breathing rapidly and groaned, "UUUNNNGGGGHHHH," with each push deep into her bowels. When I bottomed out, Alexis moaned, "Jesus, I'm going to split wide open. Give me a minute. OK?" I held my position buried to the hilt for more than two minutes before she started to push her ass back toward me. I slowly pulled out to the head and equally slowly pushed back in. Again "UUNNGGHH" was forced from her throat. She buried her face in the bed to stifle her screams. 

I continued to fuck her ass at a slow but steady pace. She was panting heavily. Her legs started to shake under her and I held her hips firmly to steady her. She was pivoting her hips to get the optimum angle for her pleasure and then started pushing herself back on to me, really speeding up the rhythm and force of our ass fuck. I followed her signal and quickened my pace. She was screaming down into the bedding. 

Without warning, her sphincter clamped down hard, crushing my cock so I couldn't move in or out. The clamping released before squeezing down again. She was squealing into the bed. Her fingers had triggered a clitoral orgasm which merged immediately with the anal orgasm triggered by my cock. She was bouncing around with full body spasms. When I could move again, I resumed fucking her ass. The heat and pressure from her bowels was incredible and I felt my cock surge even larger in anticipation of my ejaculation. Alexis screamed out again, "FUUCCKK. I CAN'T TAKE ANYMORE. JESUS." 

I was right on the edge and I couldn't stop, pounding my cock into her ass as the boiling cum launched into her. She screamed again and collapsed limply to the bed. I was arching my back as I threw my cock into her. She groaned with each thrust. I did too. My teeth were clenched and my facial muscles were contorting my face. I was gasping for air from the exertion, while Alexis was gasping for air from her combined anal and clitoral orgasms. 

As I fired my last salvo, I started to lose control of my legs. They had started shaking and were about to buckle. I slowly pulled my cock from her bowels. Cum followed the cock-head out of her ass and drooled down over her pussy to mix with her own juices. The mixture dripped down on to the towel under her. 

I stood back and watched her sphincter pulsing and forcing more cum out of her anus, down her pussy and on to the towel. This continued for more than a couple minutes her face still buried in the bedding as she struggled to breathe. 

She finally collected enough strength to turn over on her back and pushed herself up on the bed. She seemed oblivious to everything except for her need for air. She gasped for a couple more minutes. I lay down beside her and cradled her to me. I enjoyed watching her body as she heaved her chest up and down taking her fantastic tits with it. 

Alexis' breathing gradually became normal and she turned her head to look at me. She said, "Oh my God. That was...indescribable." We laid there looking at each other for a couple more minutes. She pushed herself up on her elbows and giggled when she saw the towel sticking up between her legs where I had pushed it. She stopped giggling when she saw my cock had not softened. She just shook her head and said, "Unbelievable. I've never seen anything like it." 

She pushed herself off the bed and went to the bathroom with the towel held between her legs. She cleaned herself up, came back in and dressed. She checked herself in the mirror and reached into her clutch purse and fixed her makeup in spots that had been messed up by the bedspread. She brushed the escaped hairs back into place, before pressing herself up close to me and kissing me passionately for nearly a minute. She said, "I know I have to take my turn but I do hope you are available later." 

I said, "You know where I'll be", before kissing her and letting her go. She reached down and pinched my semi-hard cock with her gloved fingers and giggled as she went out and shut the door behind her. I brought the towel back in from the bathroom where Alexis had left it. I put it to my face and took a deep breath. It was kind of funky smelling the various scents but it wasn't offensive. I laid it on the bed. 

I could hear the party in full swing downstairs. The band was pretty good. I sat in the chair by the bed. I wished I had brought a book or something to do, but was just sitting there with my eyes closed listening to the party noises. Then I heard two people coming down the hall - a man and a woman. 'Oh-Oh', I thought. I looked around the room quickly to determine what might give me away. My jeans, sneakers and tee-shirt were on the back of the chair by the door. 

I launched myself across the room, grabbed my clothes and scrambled into the closet pulling the louvered door shut. Just as I settled down on my knees, the bedroom door opened and the voices got louder. 

From my vantage point I could see the entire room through the louvers. The guy was older, I'd guess around sixty. Dressed in a tuxedo, I recognized him from the family pictures in the room: he was Olivia's husband. 'Holy Shit,' I thought. That was way too close. Now my cock was completely flaccid and hanging limply between my legs. 

The woman was not Olivia. She was very beautiful and dressed in a gown. She was older than Olivia at around forty. Her cleavage was more than ample but nowhere near Olivia's. The rest of her I couldn't tell in the gown. He closed the bedroom door and immediately pulled her to him and buried his face in her cleavage. She started giggling and acted like she was protecting her virtue. He moved up and kissed her hard and she kissed him back. He pulled her zipper down the back of her gown and ran his hand in to cup her butt-cheeks. She let the dress fall to the floor. 

She was standing there in a strapless bra and thong panties and thigh high nylons. For some strange reason I thought, 'That's odd. She is wearing a full length gown. Why put thigh high nylons on? Unless she figured they would be showing at some point, like now.' 

My voyeur cock was beginning to rise again as I spied upon her beautiful body. He was mauling her tits and she released them by unsnapping her bra, allowing both his hands to mash her large fleshy mounds. He bent and pulled a nipple into his mouth and pinched it with his lips. She squealed with delight at his attention. She wrapped her arms around his neck and said, "Fuck me Ron. I'm so horny for you. It's been nearly a week." 

He pulled his lips from her nipple and said, "I was thinking you'd blow me. We have to get back to the party." 

She frowned and said "There must be a hundred people here. No one is going to miss you for fifteen minutes. I'll give you a blowjob and you can cum in my pussy. How about that?" 

He looked at her for a few seconds and said, "Janet, you can be too demanding at times. Alright, but let's do it quickly." 

She pushed him down in the chair I had been sitting in. He was unzipping his pants and dropping them as he sat down. She pulled them down to his feet and spread his knees wide. She moved her virtually naked body between his legs and took his limp cock and sucked it into her mouth. She sucked hard on it as she pulled back, stretching it out. She worked on his cock for two minutes before it started to get hard, until finally it looked like it was just about hard enough to fuck with. 

He could feel his load starting to rise. So did Janet. She pulled off and held his sagging cock in her hand and said angrily, "You were just going to blow your load in my mouth, weren't you? You had no intention of fucking me did you?" She pulled back and said, "You can finish yourself off, you bastard." She stood up and put her bra back on. 

He pushed himself out of the chair, grabbed her firmly and spun her around. She tried to swat his hands away but he was not to be denied. He tore her bra off and then grabbed her thong and tore that off. She yelped from his assault. He shoved her down on the bed. Oddly, I noticed that Ron's cock was now hard. She was trying to kick him but he fended her off and moved his body between her legs. 

Janet yelled loudly, "Stop it Ron. What? Are you going to rape me now?" 

Ron pushed her hands down on the bed and with a clenched jaw he got right in her face and said, "You can't rape the willing, baby." He shoved his now rigid cock into her pussy and fucked her hard for several minutes. He had his mouth pressed onto hers to stifle her screams. She bit his lip and he pulled back. He slapped her face hard as he continued to pound his cock into her. 

I had a dilemma. Could I continue to just watch as the asshole brutalized this woman or should I burst out of the closet as naked as a baby and expose myself and what I was doing there - fucking Olivia. I opted to stay put. 

Janet was just lying there not moving as Ron pounded his cock into her pussy. She was not making any noise anymore. She just laid there like a corps. After five minutes or so, Ron groaned out loud and said, "Brace yourself Janet. Here I cum." Nothing changed with her as Ron launched his hips at her pussy for the first shot. Then he pulled himself back and started jacking on his hard cock. He aimed the next several shots on her face and hair and tits and stomach. She was covered in cum. She never moved a muscle. 

When Ron was done he grabbed the towel that had been on the bed and wiped the end of his dick and pulled up his pants. He zipped up and buckled his belt as he looked down on the static, naked body on the bed. He angrily said, "Bitch. You wanted to get fucked? Consider yourself fucked." He turned and opened the bedroom door and closed it behind him. 

All was quiet in the room until Janet began sobbing. She took the towel that he had thrown down on her and wiped his cum from her face and body. She was crying hard the whole time. When she sat up and wiped her pussy with the towel, I could see that her left cheek was beet red and her eye makeup was streaming down her face mixed with her tears. She said loudly to herself, "What the fuck was I thinking? He is just as much an asshole as my husband." 

Janet got off the bed and picked up her bra. It was useless. The same for her thong. She stepped into her dress and pulled it up her body and contorted her arms to zip it up. Her tits really needed the bra. There was no more cleavage showing as her tits sagged low. I could see her in the bathroom across from the closet. She tenderly touched her cheek were Ron had slapped her. She dug into her clutch and pulled out a small makeup kit. She brushed something on her cheek that covered the bruise. She put the same powder all around other places on her face. She fixed her eye makeup and then ran her lipstick around her lips. She ran her fingers through her hair to rub in cum that Ron had deposited there. When she stuffed her kit and her bra and thong back in her clutch and headed for the door she was nowhere near the beauty she was when she came in twenty minutes ago. 

Janet opened the door and snapped the light off. Then she remembered that the light was on when they came in so she turned it back on and closed the door behind her. All went quiet. 

My legs were killing me from kneeling so long. I pushed open the closet door and stumbled a little as I stood up. My cock was completely soft from what I had just witnessed. I thought, 'Jesus. Olivia is married to that fuck. No wonder she's so frustrated. How can she even live with that ass-hole?' 

I picked up the towel from the bed and took it to the bathroom, exchanging it for a fresh one which I laid on the bed. 

The door burst open and I almost had a heart-attack. I spun around and was so relieved to see it was Sophia. She was stunning in her gorgeous gown. As seemed to be the rule, it was cut low with a lot of cleavage showing. She quickly crossed the room and said, "Christ, I was sure we were all fucked. Did a man come in here?" I nodded. She had a terrified look on her face as she said, "What happened? How did you not get caught? That was Olivia's husband, Ron." 

I said, "Calm down Sophia. You'll have a stroke. I heard him talking with a woman as they came down the hall. I grabbed my clothes and jumped in the closet just as they opened the door. She called him Ron and he called her Janet." 
