 [Hunter and Alexis have had their first date and it lasts the entire weekend and couldn't have been better.] 

The days of early summer flew by. Work had become the same old dull routine until my afternoon appointments with Emma and Olivia. They had gotten kind of routine too but I was never bored. I always looked forward with enthusiasm to my suck/fuck sessions with Emma and Olivia and Sophia, whenever she came over to Olivia's house, which was becoming ever more frequent. 

At Emma's house I would spend ten minutes doing pool cleaning work while she watched and more often than not finger-fucked herself or used a dildo until she had an orgasm. Most days she would suck my cock pool side until I cummed in her mouth or face or tits, or wherever she desired and then I would fuck her in her favorite position until she 'squirted'. She had become consumed with the 'squirting'. She didn't always have one, but on most days she did. If I couldn't get her there with my cock, I would finger-fuck her 'G-Spot'. I loved getting her off. It was like winding her up and watching her go. She's a very passionate lady. 

Some days we just sat and talked and I enjoyed those days just as much - well, nearly as much. She was a wealth of information about sex and I learned a lot about positions and techniques for my hands, fingers, tongue, lips, teeth, cock and even toes. I really enjoyed her company and we talked easy together. 

At Olivia's house I pretty much did the same amount of work except her pool is considerably larger and it takes longer. Olivia and often Sophia would sit pool-side under an umbrella naked and watch me work. I would look over at them diddling themselves or each other and my cock would jump to attention. I always loved our FFM sex either there pool-side or back in "my bedroom", as I had come to call it. I particularly loved lying on my back as one or the other mounted my cock and the other my face, facing each other. They often would suck face and caress each other's tits as I fucked them both. On some occasions, we would all cum together and I experimented on how to make that happen more often. I normally would cum twice, but often it was three or even four times. 

With Olivia and Sophia, it was always just sex, sex and more sex. I love Olivia's mega-tits and I like cumming on them. I think Sophia does too. She will suck and jerk me off and aim the jizz on to Olivia's tits and then go down and suck and lick them clean. Olivia always moaned with passion whenever Sophia went down on her tits. Most days, both Sophia and I would end up sucking Olivia's tits. 

My Friday night dates with Alexis were fantastic. I looked forward all week to being with her. We always did something fun but it was getting harder to think of different things. We were comfortable with each other and often, just being together was enough for us. We always had some kind of sex either in a restroom or in the van. I had put a rubber roll-up yoga mat in the back of the van for these occasions. I was falling in love with her but I didn't dare say anything to her. Besides, I had no experience with the concept and I was worried that it was just lust saying 'I love you' and it sounded stupid. With regard to lust, there was a lot of that for Alexis as well. The sex between us was mind-blowing and way more intense than anything between me and my other ladies. 

Alexis' graduation was coming up soon. We didn't talk much about the future. I knew I was back to my sophomore year at State. She had never talked about her plans for the end of the summer, but I assumed she would go off to some big time, expensive college and our relationship would be impossible to maintain, so we were jamming as much as we could into the next few months. We would deal with the future when it became the present. 

One day, as I was cleaning Olivia's massive pool, she walked from the house fully clothed and came over to me. She said, "My little sister, Jemma is here to visit for a few days. I tried to make sure she was leaving on a shopping mission yesterday. She was supposed to be gone before you arrived, but she was heading for her car when you drove in. When she got home you were gone. She hasn't stopped talking about you since. She is twenty-one and she's a spoiled little brat but I love her and told her I would see if you maybe were interested in, as she put it, "Doing her."? I know, that's a bit crude but that's Jemma. She is a bit crude, I guess." 

I had seen her in the driveway when I arrived yesterday and she was very attractive. Good genes in the family, I guess. She's every bit as attractive as Olivia without the enhancements that money makes available to a wife who is supposed to be arm-candy. Seeing her yesterday gave me a boner and I was getting another one at the mention of "Doing her". 

Olivia saw the reaction in my shorts and smiled as she said, "Well, look at him," as she pointed at the bulge in my shorts. "It looks like he's interested. Should I tell her you are a go?" I smiled and nodded. 

She turned and walked back to the house. She was gone for a while. I continued working the long pole vacuuming the bottom of the pool. When she came back, she had a frown on her face. I said, "Did something go wrong? You look down." 

Olivia said, "It seems that she has a bit of a freaky side to her. She wants me to tie you to a bed and blindfold you. She doesn't want you to see her naked and she doesn't want you to touch her." I huffed out a laugh. I was intrigued by her demands and thought, 'She sounds interesting. Something different though.' 

I said, "It sounds like a new experience. I'm OK with what she wants. Will you be there?" She hesitated a moment and then shook her head. "That's OK. Let's do it," I said. I had no idea how sorry I would be. 

Olivia led me to the house and up the stairs to 'my bedroom'. I stripped off my shorts and underwear and crawled up on the bed and sprawled out in the middle and laid my arms and legs out. My hard cock was bobbing up and down on my stomach. The head bounced well above my navel. Olivia had collected some of her husband's old ties from the back of his closet on our way. She used the ties to secure my hands and feet to the four bedposts. She tied one around my eyes. I didn't say anything but I could see a little under the tie when I looked down toward my feet. I could see my cock bouncing up and down on my stomach. 

Olivia said, "Are you OK? Are you comfortable?" I nodded. She looked at my cock bobbing on my stomach and a heat rose instantly in her loins. She knew she didn't have to have me tied to the bed to take advantage of my cock but the cliché was making her horny. She couldn't bear to just leave the room with me like that. She crawled down the bed on her hands and knees and sucked my rigid cock into her mouth. I could see her face bobbing up and down, "Mmmmmppph Mmmmppphhh Mmmpphh." She opened her mouth wide and with a very quick pace she pushed my cock as far into her mouth as she could, "Aaawwwkkkk...Aaawwwkkk...Aaawwwkkk." 

I felt her legs drop down over either side of my face and my nose pushed into her pussy. I went to work on her and she groaned immediately. I flicked her clitoris and she whimpered around my cock. She was working my cock furiously with her hands and mouth and I wasn't going to last long. I began tongue-fucking her and she moaned out, "AAAAHHHHH...AHHHHH...AHHHHHH...MMMM...OOOHHH," continuously. Her cries were muffled significantly by my cock in her mouth. 

Olivia suddenly pulled back off my cock and the familiar tensing of her body told me she was about to have an orgasm. I picked up my pace on her pussy and then started flicking her clitoris. With the tip of my cock bobbing on her lips she convulsed into an orgasm and a loud wail tore from her throat. Ecstasy ripped through her body and spasm after spasm washed over her. She was flooding my face as she cummed. I was lapping up her juices as fast as I could. I loved it. My broad tongue on her vulva was driving her crazy. 

She opened her eyes and realized that my cock was lying along her nose and practically poking her in the eye. She giggled and pushed her mouth back down on it. She was coming off her high as she increased her pace on me. Her hands were flying up and down my shaft. I was going to cum and soon. Olivia was concerned that she would deny her sister a hard cock, but she knew better and she wanted my cum and by God she was going to have it. 

She readied herself for the first shot by locking her lips around the ridge. She wasn't ready for the amount or the force behind it. I pivoted my hips upward to bury my cock deeper and cum poured into her mouth all the way to the back of her throat. She gagged and coughed it back into her mouth as stream after stream poured in behind it. She had to swallow once as the shots kept coming. She gagged again and was forced to pull off just as a final blast hit her in the face and splashed from her forehead to her chin. She giggled around the cum still in her mouth. She was unable to giggle and swallow at the same time, but she finally gulped it down. 

I had stopped tongue-fucking her when I started cumming. I could still feel random spasms of her pussy on my lips and her entire body would shudder with each one. She pulled her leg over my face and stood on the floor. She was wiping cum from her face and cleaning her hand. She went into the bathroom to check herself in the mirror and then said, "I'll get my sister. You'd better get that dick back up or I'll be in trouble." She giggled again as she left the room. 

I lay there concentrating on my anticipation and my cock was back up to full size in seconds. A couple minutes later, the door opened and then shut again. I could see Olivia's sister standing at the foot of the bed completely naked. She had a fantastic body. My cock surged again and bobbed up off my stomach. She just stood there for several moments biting her lower lip. I could see glistening moisture in her pubic area. She dipped a hand down and ran her palm over her mons and between her thighs. She had curled her middle finger down so it trailed over her clitoris, between her labia and into her pussy. 

She came around to the side of the bed and pushed herself up beside me on her knees. She was sitting back on her feet. She wrapped one hand around my cock and gripped it very hard. I could barely see high enough under the blindfold to see her mauling her tit with her other hand. 

We hadn't been introduced so I said, "Hi. I'm Hunter. What's your name?" 

She yelled out loudly in a guttural voice, "Shut up. Don't talk." She tightened her grip even more. I manually surged my cock to push back against her grip. She tried to grip even harder as though she were retaliating against my move. She could barely get her hand around it and she was unable to tighten her grip any more. I smiled as I had won this battle. 

She bent toward my cock and I saw her face come into view. She gently kissed my glans and then bit it, hard. I yelled out, "Jesus Christ. What the fuck?" She turned around and pushed what apparently were her panties into my mouth. They were wet from her juices. She turned back and swung one leg over my hips facing me and guided my cock into her pussy and slammed herself down on it. She screamed in pain but made no attempt to pull off. I groaned and involuntarily tried to sit up. The restraints held me down. 

She began fucking my cock almost immediately even though she had not adjusted to my size. She groaned several times and screamed out again, "God Damn that hurts good. Fuck me you bastard." I started fucking my hips up into her as she lifted and slammed back down again. I was matching her violent rhythm. This was turning into a competition and I was always up for that. I launched my hips upward as she slammed herself down. I couldn't see her face but her fingers were clenched tightly into my pectoral muscles. She was intentionally digging her nails into my flesh and I could see blood surge up around several of her finger-tips. I gritted my teeth and took it - what's a little pain when the game is on. 

This was sexual but it certainly wasn't sensual. An orgasm was not the goal, at least not for me. I knew I would collapse from exhaustion before I cummed. I couldn't tell what her goal was. It didn't seem like it was an orgasm either. The game became clear when she bent down and put her face inches from mine and whispered, "Come on you fuck. Cum in me. You know you want to." She pulled back up and increased her pace. I matched it and on we went for several more minutes. 

After a full twenty minutes of our fucking each other in frenzy, she started to slow down. I kept going at the same pace which only pissed her off. She bent forward again and this time she didn't whisper. She yelled at me, "Fuck you if you think you're going to make me cum. I've never cum from a cock in my life and I'm not going to start with you." She bent lower and placed her lips on mine. I thought she was going to kiss me but she bit my lower lip instead. I could taste the blood on my tongue. 

I was in a rage and I began fucking my hips up into her so hard that my cock almost came out of her on the down stroke. She had slowed way down from her own exhaustion and she was expecting that I would be done by now. Her breathing was getting very ragged and she began moaning, "AAAHHH...AHHHH...MMMM...AAAAHHHH," from each thrust into her pussy. 

Suddenly, she screamed out, "NOOOOOOOOOO...OOOHHHH FFUUCCKKK. I'MMMM CCCCUUUMMMINNGGG. NNNNNOOOOOO." She was rocking all over my crotch as she attempted to squelch her orgasm. She kept crying out, "NOOOO," over and over again. I kept right on pounding up into her as I felt her cunt clamping and unclamping on my cock. I don't think I've ever been madder than I was right then. I was trying to kill her with my cock. 

When she had come down off her orgasm, she bent forward and pulled herself off my cock. She turned around to see that it was even harder that when she started. She yelled again, "You Fucker. You shouldn't have done that." She bent forward and I could see her head flash by on her way to my shoulder. She sank her teeth into me and I groaned through her panties. She pulled back and went to go back down on the other shoulder and I bucked my hips up hard and as high as I could. 

She went flying through the air and crashed into the headboard and then landed with a thud on the floor. She scrambled quickly to her feet and pushed herself back up on the bed and was slapping me over and over again on the face and then turned her fury on my cock. 

When Olivia burst into the room, her eyes went wide as her sister was kneeling on the bed slapping my cock. She heard my muted groans as I struggled to free myself from my constraints. I freed one hand and grabbed her hair and threw her to the floor again and pulled the blindfold off and the panties from my mouth. It was as if Olivia was moving across the room in slow-motion. She bent over and grabbed up her sister and pulled her to her feet. Jemma was in a rage and was fighting Olivia off so she could go back at me. 

She broke free and scrambled back up on the bed and grabbed my rapidly softening cock. She looked up at me with lips pulled back baring her teeth. As she bent down toward my cock, I backhanded her on the side of the face and she went back to the floor. She stayed there this time. Olivia was frantic. She bent for a moment to check on her sister, who wasn't moving. She stood back up and released my other hand from the constraint. I untied my feet and rolled to the side of the bed to see if the crazy woman was coming back at me or not. She wasn't. She was out cold. I pulled myself up against the headboard. I was shaking from adrenalin. Blood was cascading down my chest from my shoulder and chest wounds and down my neck from my lip. 

Olivia hadn't noticed the blood until she stood up from tending to her sister. Her eyes went wide and she started crying. She said, "What happened? Holy Shit, Hunter. What happened? Jesus, you're bleeding badly." She ran into the bathroom and came back with a towel and a first-aid kit. I used the towel to wipe off the blood. The flow had already started to slow. The bite marks were clear when I pulled back the towel and Olivia cried out, "Jesus Christ. She bit you like that?" 

I said, "Olivia, I love you dearly, but your sister is a demented little fuck. You need to get some help for her." She squeezed out a gob of anti-bacterial cream and wiped it all over the wounds before placing a gauze pad and tape on my shoulder and smaller Band-Aids over three other spots on my chest where Jemma's fingernails had done damage. There wasn't much she could do about the lip. 

Jemma started to come to on the floor and she moaned. Olivia slipped off the bed and pulled her up to her feet. She was groggy and Olivia yanked her by the arm pulling her out of the room. I could hear Olivia screaming at her sister, "What the fuck is the matter with you? Are you crazy?" I heard a loud slap as one of them had slapped the other. It would have been a matter of course for Jemma, but I guessed it was Olivia doing the slapping. 

Jemma burst out crying. She screamed, "It wasn't my fault Olivia. He made me cum and I didn't want him to. It wasn't my fault." 

Olivia screamed back at her, "You're fucking crazy. Why else would you want him to fuck you? You get your clothes on and get the fuck out of here before he comes out here and kills you. If he doesn't, I might." 

Jemma screamed out again, "It wasn't my fault." She was sobbing and then said, "He has my panties." 

"Holy Shit, Jemma. What the fuck is the matter with you. You're out of here in thirty seconds or I'll have Hunter throw you out in the yard naked. Jemma pulled her dress on and pulled her shoes on. She had her bra in her hand when she went out the front door wailing. 

When she was gone, Olivia sprinted back up the stairs as I was coming down. She stopped and looked up at me with sincere concern on her face. She burst out crying and said, "Holy fuck, this can't be happening. Hunter, sweetie, I'm so sorry. I had no idea she could do something like this. Fuck, are you OK." 

Olivia was so upset she was sobbing. I sat down on the step I was standing on and she sat beside me on the same step. I was furious about the turn of events. I knew Olivia was not at fault but thinking rationally when I'm pissed off is not a long suit of mine. I was redressed in my underwear and shorts and told her I had to go. She asked if I would ever come back. I turned back and said, "Not if that nut-case is here. I don't know Olivia. I'm pretty pissed off right now. If I'm here, I guess I cooled off." I went back out to the pool and finished spreading the necessary chemicals in the water and collected everything back to the van. I pulled my tee-shirt on and slid into the driver's seat. 

By the time I got home I was starting to cool off a little. I kept running over it in my mind, 'I'd never even heard about someone with issues like hers. She needs some serious psychological help. I can't believe it. She actually blamed me for giving her an orgasm while we were fucking. Holy crap.' I guess I hadn't cooled off yet. I'd heard about women that needed to dominate men and that was fine. I thought that was where she was going. But she took a sharp turn somewhere. Mother-fucker! I definitely hadn't cooled off yet. 

Of course my mom wanted to know what happened to my lip. I lied to her again and said, "The pool cleaning pole kicked back and hit me in the mouth." She cringed and commented on how sore it looked. I flicked my tongue over it and I cringed too. I went into the bathroom and looked at it in the mirror. It looked as bad as it felt. I pulled off my tee-shirt and touched all around the edge of the bandage, which was stained red. There were three small band-aids in an arc across my left pectoral. I put my tee-shirt back on and went back to the kitchen where my mom was working on dinner. 
