 [This is the long-delayed third chapter in a series I started more than five years ago. The two previous chapters are my highest-rated work on this site, and I hope I've kept up the quality in this installment. There's enough context here for this to stand alone, I think, but if you want to start at the beginning, you'll find the first two chapters, along with a few other submissions, at https://www.literotica.com/stories/memberpage.php?uid=1354783&page=submissions Hope you enjoy! - TD] 

*****

I finally caught the barkeep's attention. The restaurant bar wasn't busy, and I was a little annoyed that it had taken so long to get another beer -- but I caught myself before letting that show, because I knew what I was really annoyed about. I was supposed to be on a date, my first real date since my wife and I split up seven -- no, eight -- months ago. But she was half an hour late, no text, no call, nothing. I'd been planning to leave after my first beer until the barkeep changed channels to put the Red Wings on. I figured I might as well watch the first period in the bar and then head home during intermission to catch the rest. So I wanted that second beer.

I was just about to order some wings to go with it when I heard Dan's voice. "Steve? Hey, what's up, buddy?"

"Hey," I said. It probably sounded more sullen than I felt.

"Get stood up?" he asked.

"Looks that way," I said.

"Aw, man, I'm sorry."

I shrugged. "Not that big a deal, really. I mean, I was looking forward to it, but it was just dinner."

"Man, Nikki really messed you up, huh?"

I gave him a quizzical look. "Whaddaya mean?"

"When you met Nikki, and about a half-dozen girls before that that I know about, you had half your lives together planned out before the first date."

I laughed. "Yeah, I did, didn't I? I was an idiot."

"No, you're a romantic. Or were," he said. "Your first date after your divorce, and it was 'just dinner'? That's what I mean: Nikki really messed you up."

I thought about that for a minute. "Well, Nikki hurt me, I can't deny that. But I hope it was 'just dinner' tonight because I'm smarter, not because I'm damaged."

"Keep tellin' yourself that, man. To me it just means whoever this fool is who stood you up tonight isn't the one."

"Thanks, man, I appreciate that. But aren't you and Melissa supposed to be having a date night?"

"Yeah, she's at our table. Wanna join us?"

"Naw. You guys don't get a night away from the kids very often, you should enjoy it."

"We'd still enjoy it if you joined us. And I don't want you sitting here feeling sorry for yourself."

"I'm fine, really." And I actually meant it. "Go enjoy dinner with that beautiful wife of yours."

"You sure?"

"Go," I said. "I'm missing the game."

"All right, man. See ya."

"Later," I said, and turned back to the TV. Two minutes hadn't gone by yet when I heard my name again, from a different but still familiar voice.

"Hi, Steve," Melissa said. I turned to look as I said hi, and I didn't look away. Not many guys look away from Melissa when they see her; for that matter, not that many women do either. She's astonishingly beautiful in that girl-next-door kind of way that sets men's hearts beating like no beauty queen ever will, and if you once lock your gaze with those arresting green eyes of hers, you don't want to look away, ever. Especially if she's smiling at you, looking happy to see you, as she was to me right now.

"What's this nonsense about you not joining us for dinner?" she said.

"Like I told Dan, I don't want to get in the way of your date night. Go enjoy yourselves!"

"And leave you here by yourself?" she asked.

"I'm fine, really," I said. 

"I know you are," she said. "In fact, the last couple times I've seen you, you've seemed happier than you've been in a long time."

"I am happier than I've been in a long time," I said. And I meant that, too. Finally getting away from Nikki's constant negativity felt like your first breath of pure air after being cooped up in a car for six hours with a farting dog. Sure, you can roll the windows down and get a little relief, but you just know another one's coming, and you know it'll be as foul as the one before it, you just don't know how soon. So you never really relax, y'know? Now I could breathe, and it felt good.

"I like it," Melissa said, smiling dazzlingly at me. "So come join us already."

"You know it's really hard to say no to you when you smile at me like that," I said.

Her smile didn't change, but a hint of triumph crept into her eyes. "I know," she said.

I took a swig from my beer and pretended to think about it, but she knew she'd won. She grabbed my hand, turned and started walking. So I got down and walked behind her, enjoying the view the whole way to their table. 

"What, my invitation wasn't good enough for you?" Dan said when we got there.

"She's a lot harder to say no to than you are, buddy," I replied.

"I know that's right," he said as Melissa slid into the booth next to him. I slid in on the other side. Dan had already ordered a bottle of wine, a pretty good Cabernet, and a waitress was there in a jiffy with a third glass. Dan poured me some, we ordered, and we laughed and talked our way through a good meal. 

Over dessert, I asked them what they had planned for the rest of their date night.

"We haven't really decided yet," Dan said. "We were gonna talk about that over dinner, but ..." He trailed off.

"Oh, I know exactly what we're doing," Melissa said with a saucy look aimed straight at me. "You're coming home with us as soon as we pay the check."

"First of all, I'm paying," I said. "And second, no way. I know you guys don't get time without the kids very often, and I've taken more of it than I should have tonight."

"Don't disappoint me," Melissa said, still saucy, before excusing herself to go to the restroom.

Dan and I both watched her walk away until she turned a corner and disappeared from view. Then he turned to me and said, "Seriously, dude. Don't disappoint her."

"Really?" I said. "I mean, I know it'd be fun, but isn't the whole idea of date night to keep the romance alive?"

"Dude, I don't think you understand," he said. "Since the three of us started, uh ..."

"Playing together?" I filled in.

"Yeah, since that, she's been amazing. She's giving me head a lot more often, she's acting all playful, she's been an animal in the bedroom -- and not always in the bedroom. And it's not just sex, either; she's cooking more instead of just heating up frozen stuff, made my favorite meal twice last month -- hell, I swear the house is cleaner, too. It's like she's re-energized."

"That's great, man! I'm really happy for you," I said. "So go enjoy that."

"You still don't get it," he said, and he leaned forward and his voice dropped to a whisper. "I LIKE sharing her with you, man. Not just the changes in her because of it, but the actual thing too, OK? I mean, if you ever try to go behind my back with her, I'll kill you, but as long as I'm part of it? Whenever you want, man. Whenever you want."

"Did you talk some sense into him, lover?" Melissa asked as she returned to the table and slid into the booth on my side this time. She dropped something in my lap and put her hand on my thigh under the long tablecloth. I looked down to see a pair of lacy panties in a shade of green that almost matched her eyes. I shot her a look; she avoided my gaze but pushed her leg up against mine.

I put my hand under the table and found her thigh just below her skirt and left it there. She moved her hand from my thigh to my hand and pulled it higher, and that was enough invitation for me. I kept moving it up her leg, slowly, until my pinky finger brushed her soft folds. A little farther and I could slide my middle finger between her lips, and her sharp intake of breath when I lightly grazed her clit brought Dan's attention back from trying to make eye contact with the waitress. 

Then I slid my finger back down to discover that she was already delightfully damp. I curled my finger inside her, prompting her to close her eyes and go a little limp. I pulled my finger out and brought it up above the table, looked Dan straight in the eye, said, "Dude, did you know your wife's not wearing any panties?", and sucked my finger clean.

"Check, please!" Dan practically shouted as a waitress passed by. She wasn't our waitress, which made it funnier, and he reddenned a little but joined Melissa and me in laughing about it -- and right then I knew we were going to have another great sexcapade.

Melissa took my hand and brought it under the table again, and I kept lightly caressing her inner thigh way up high, with occasional brushes against her lips, until the check came. Dan and I argued good-naturedly about it, but when I started to reach for my wallet with the hand I'd been caressing Melissa with, she grabbed it and said, "Uh-uh. That hand's busy." So I let him pay.

With the paperwork finished, I reached up a little higher and gave Melissa's pussy a little more direct attention as I said, "Shall we?" She squirmed a little and said, "Definitely!"

We left the restaurant, they got in their car and I got in mine, and I followed them toward their place. They made a light I had to stop for, and when I got to their place Dan met me at the door just as Melissa came out of the bathroom. She smiled brilliantly at me and said, "Want a drink?"

I said, "No," as I closed the gap between us with two quick strides, wrapped her in my arms and kissed her hungrily, then picked her up and carried her toward the stairs. Looking over my shoulder at Dan, I said, "You coming?"

"Not yet, but I'm damn close already," he said. Melissa buried her head in my shoulder as she giggled, and I laughed too as I started up the steps. She swung lithely out of my arms as we reached their bedroom and landed lightly on her toes, put her hands on my face and returned my hungry kiss. As Dan came in, she reached one hand out for him, grabbed a fistful of his shirt and pulled him over, then switched from kissing me to kissing him while she started unbuttoning my shirt. When she struggled a little to take my shirt off without breaking her kiss with her husband, I wriggled out of it myself, and she promptly switched her kiss back to me and started working on Dan's shirt. When he was bare-chested too, she unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his pants, and pushed them and his shorts down, and from the corner of my eye I saw his cock spring free, already semi-erect.

If you've never had a gorgeous woman kiss you while she strokes her husband's cock, I highly recommend it.

She didn't do that for long, though, before she switched her kissing again and got my pants and shorts down too. Dan and I both managed to step out of our shoes and free ourselves from the pants around our ankles while she kissed him and stroked my stiffening cock.

When she switched her kiss back to me, Dan stepped behind her and unzipped her dress. And yeah, if you've never had a gorgeous woman kiss you like she means it while her husband unzips her dress, I highly recommend that too.

She pulled her arms out of the sleeves of her dress and it fell to the floor, leaving her with nothing on but a bra. As I gazed appreciatively at her breasts, I noticed the bra was a front clasp and made quick work of it so we were all naked.

She reached behind herself, seized Dan's cock, and led him around her until he was beside me, and then she slowly knelt down, running one hand down his chest and the other down mine until she reached our cocks, and then she started stroking them in unison. She looked up at us and said, "Must be my lucky night!" 

"I was just thinking the same thing," I said, smiling. My smile changed as she took my cock in her mouth and gave me some wonderfully slow strokes, keeping the same pace with her hand on her husband's pole. Soon she switched, stroking my glistening rod while swallowing his.

Then she pulled back, took his cock in her hand again, and pulled him and me toward each other until the tips of our cocks were touching. Starting at the base of his dick, she corncobbed him all the way up and then kept right on going down mine, then back up mine and down his, and back up his. But she stopped in the middle this time and tried to corncob both of our heads at once. I felt her tongue flicking on and off my frenulum and knew Dan was feeling the same thing.

Melissa moaned happily as she stopped her oral ministrations. Stroking us both and rubbing the heads of our cocks together, she looked up at us again and said, "Some day I want to just keep doing this until neither of you can take it anymore."

"Fine by me," Dan said. "Me too," I said, smiling again.

"But not tonight," Melissa said, looking at me. "Tonight I'm hoping you'll try what you talked about last time."

My mind snapped back to our last get-together, when Dan had agreed to Melissa's request for an hour alone with me and then, very reluctantly, cleaned up my creampie from her, all because he wanted two mouths on his cock at the same time. And I remembered what I had suggested when they asked if I had ideas for next time -- which was now this time.

Nodding, I said, "Reverse cowgirl or doggy style?"

With a mischievous look, Melissa said, "Yes."

Chuckling, I said, "Greedy little slut, aren't ya?"

"You two bring it out in me," she answered, pushing Dan backward toward the bed. She kept pushing until he flopped back onto it on his back, and then she confused me by lying down beside him on her back. My confusion vanished when she looked at me with that lusty look that makes me willing to do anything for her and said, "Mind getting us both ready?"

I did not need a second invitation, and with no more foreplay than sliding my hands up her bare shapely legs on the way, I buried my face in her pussy. I licked and sucked and flicked my tongue all over and reveled in the smell, taste and feel of her, especially as her hips started rocking slowly. But before I could bring her over the edge, she pushed my head up with her hands and said, "Mmmm, that's enough for me. Now him."

I didn't need a second request for that, either. If you want to say that makes me gay or bi, go ahead and say it, I don't care. All I know is that I liked sucking his cock for her. I looked over at his cock, which was mostly soft, and I crawled across her left leg and his right until I was between his legs instead of hers. Then, looking directly at her, I picked up his member with my mouth, took all of him inside quickly the way I used to love my ex-wife doing when I was soft, and just held him in my mouth, working my tongue on his shaft as best I could.

Melissa writhed beside him and quickly piled some pillows behind her so she could have a good view while still relaxing. Then her hand was between her legs, and she diddled herself as she watched.

I felt Dan stiffening and struggled to keep all of him in my mouth as the head of his cock hit the back of my throat. I relaxed my throat and felt him slide even further in as his erection grew to its full 7 1/2 or 8 inches, and then I gagged a little. That made me lose part of him, but as soon as he was out of my throat I closed my mouth around him again and worked my tongue on him as I pulled slowly back. I pulled all the way off so Melissa could see my tongue trace circles around the head of his cock and flick the oh-so-tender spot on the bottom, and then went slowly back down, never taking my eyes off Melissa -- her lusty gaze, her fingers on her sex, her lusty gaze again. 

I came slowly back up, using my tongue the way I like a woman to use her tongue on me, and came all the way off again, intending to give Melissa another show. This time I got a quick taste of precum, so I milked Dan's cock with my hand to produce a bigger drop, licked it right off the tip, and savored it with my eyes locked on Melissa's.

"I think he's ready," I said to her.

This time she was the one who didn't need a second invitation. She tucked her legs to one side, raised up on her knees and lifted one leg over him to straddle his hips, facing me. I held his cock as she lowered herself onto it, letting out a long, slow moan as she felt his fullness.

She took his full length, forcing my hand out of the way, and then gave me a show, rocking her hips back and forth on him. Then she leaned back, and I knew that was my cue. Starting from Dan's ball sack, I licked straight up slowly, along his shaft and then up her lips to her clit. When my tongue first hit her joy spot with his cock hard inside her, she said softly, "Ohhhhhhhhh, fuuuuuuuuckkkk ..."

Dan started rocking his hips, sliding in and out of her. With the tip of my tongue, I found the spot where the two of them became one and I could lick his shaft and her lips at the same time, and I flicked my tongue from there up to Melissa's clit and back again, trying to match the pace of Dan's thrusts.

Those thrusts were rapidly becoming more urgent, and Melissa's hips were starting to rock too. They mistimed each other a bit and suddenly his cock was out and between my tongue and her. Without hesitation I took him into my mouth again, savoring the taste of her sweet pussy on his hard cock. I gave him two or three strokes, my tongue pressing and twisting, then turned my attention to Melissa, licking her wetness straight from the source, before guiding him back into her.

The brief break seemed to renew Dan's stamina, and he began some long rythmic stroking at a medium pace. I did my best to keep my tongue on both of them, but Dan's thrusts were hard enough to make Melissa bounce a little. Finally I just held still and let them both move against my tongue; this had the added benefit of bringing Melissa's clit to the tip of my tongue on every downstroke, and I could tell by the pleased little noises she let out each time that she enjoyed that as much as I did.

Dan's pounding intensified, but Melissa said, "Don't come yet, baby, I want to doggy." He lowered her all the way down on him one more time and then let go of her hips and relaxed. She spun off of him and was on her elbows and knees faster than I would have thought possible. I could tell Dan was still coming down from the edge, and the view Melissa was giving me was too inviting to pass up, so I licked her slit from behind, going all the way up to her ass. I had never rimmed anybody before, or wanted too, and actually I went a little farther than I meant too -- or maybe Melissa rotated her hips a little, I'm not sure -- but she said, "Oh my gawwwwwddd" when I got there, so I stayed a while and paid her asshole proper attention. 

Dan finally sat up and got off the bed, and I knew he would be heading for where I was, so I lightly tongued my way up between Melissa's cheeks and found a delightfully sensitive spot just at the very top of her crack, and I was still licking that spot lightly when Dan knelt on the bed beside me, nudged me and said, "Slide over, dude."

Melissa said, "No, slide under, stud. With your cock up here under my mouth."

Well, that took a little arranging. Melissa raised up on her left arm so I could get underneath her, but my head was at her stomach, so I wriggled around until I could put my feet on the headboard and then pushed myself toward the foot of the bed until my mouth was below her beautiful pussy. Looking up, I saw Dan, who had sat back on his heels waiting for us to get in position.

"I'm gonna need a pillow," I said, realizing I was too low to lick anything. Melissa swung one around to me, and I stuffed it under my head and shoulders until it raised me up enough to put my tongue and mouth on her without much effort. Simultaneously, Dan raised up on his knees, which meant that pretty much all I could see besides the curve of Melissa's butt was his ball sack and mostly softened cock. He started stroking it to get hard again, but I tipped my head back and said, "Give it here." He aimed it into my mouth, and I worked my lips and tongue on him some more; he quickly stiffened, and I realized that this angle was very different. My throat was straighter and it was easier to take him deeply -- which was good, because at this angle he was in total control of how deeply he went it, and he went in as far as he could, twice, before pulling out and aiming at Melissa's pussy.
