 After Maddy and Alexis exchanged cum during their kiss they both leaned down and kissed me on the lips. I tasted my own cum as I kissed each of them. Maddy's lips moved from my lips to my ear as she whispered, "I want that fatty before mid-night or I'll turn back into a superior acting snob again." She pulled her face back and grinned at me before she stood up and moved back into the crowd of naked bodies. I reached up and pinched her ass as she turned to go. She screeched and jumped away. She turned back and wagged her finger at me. I smiled and pursed my lips in an air-kiss. 

Alexis had watched the whole exchange as she stood behind my chair. She leaned down behind me and whispered, "I think Maddy is trying to steal my "Meat". Enjoy yourself till mid-night." I turned to look back at her but she was already gone. She was wading into the crowd too. My guess: she was looking for 'pretty-boy' Chase." 

I looked all around the room. Everyone was engaged in straight or lesbian sex. Everyone was completely naked except for Emma, who sat against the wall on the far side of the room. I knew she was trying hard to stay out of the orgy but I knew she was so horny she could bust. Her face was red and her breathing was so ragged I could see it across the room. I also knew that Alexis' mid-night mandate didn't apply to her mother so I let my thoughts of fucking her drop right there. I wanted to see who Alexis was doing. 

My guess was correct. Alexis had sought out Chase, who was sitting quietly across the room guzzling a beer. He was well beyond buzzed. As I watched Alexis kneel in front of Chase and suck his flaccid cock into her mouth I felt a pair of lips descend down over my semi-erect cock. It was Rachel. She had been watching me all day and here was her chance. I shifted my attention back and forth between Rachel sucking my cock and Alexis sucking Chase's cock. 

Rachel was giving me a pretty good blowjob, even though she was struggling with the size of my cock. Her lips were pale as they stretched tight around my girth. Her hands were cork-screwing up and down my shaft from her lips to my balls. She looked up at my eyes the entire time which enhanced my obvious pleasure as I groaned, "OH FUCK. YES." 

Alexis was having trouble getting Chase's cock up. She pushed her open mouth all the way down his limp shaft and licked his balls. His head rocked back on his shoulders and rested against the back of the couch. He lifted his hips. Alexis locked her lips tight at the base and sucked hard as she pulled her mouth back up and off his glans. His cock simply collapsed back onto his lap. She repeated her attempts to get him up several times. 

After several minutes of Rachel's ministrations, I began to feel my orgasm. It felt like it was slowly advancing from across the room. As I anticipated the inevitable, Rachel must have learned enough today to realize that I was about to burst. She pulled her mouth back to the ridge and was furiously jerking her hands up and down my shaft. As cum pushed up from my balls I gritted my teeth and groaned out through them, "UUNNNGGGGGHHHHHH." I pushed my hips up into Rachel's face. She was staring me right in the eyes and she smiled around my shaft as gobs of cum surged into her mouth. The smile disappeared quickly as she struggled with the many streams of cum invading her mouth. She started gagging and was forced to pull off my shaft to clear her throat. I still had many ropes of cum left and they all splattered on her face and chest. The shocked look on her face was priceless. She was still trying to swallow what was in her mouth. 

Divia saw Rachel's dilemma and crawled on her hands and knees to lick cum from Rachel's face and tits. Chuck had been eating Divia's pussy and he crab-walked on his back to follow. Karen, who had been sucking Chuck's cock on her elbows and knees, followed it as the train of sex hungry people moved the few feet across the floor. 

As I watched the train move, so did everyone else and as if a command had been given, everyone randomly joined the train to form a daisy chain. Divia pushed Rachel down on her back and licked cum off her tits before pushing her forward so she could eat her pussy. Before they could engage, I pushed myself out of the chair and nudged Rachel far enough forward so I could lie down on my back where she had been. Divia smiled at me and pushed her mouth down my still hard shaft. 

Rachel maneuvered her hips over my face and I started tongue-fucking her pussy as I lightly fingered her clit and gently pushed a finger into her anus. She jumped when my finger invaded her anus but she settled back down with a sigh that was interrupted when Jackson slid down into the chain on his back offering his hard cock to Rachel, who gladly accepted it. Jackson placed his body so the daisy chain started to turn around behind the chair that I had been sitting in. 

Jenn sat her hips down on Jackson's face and then bent forward to bury her face in Sarah's pussy as she pushed in on her back. Julia sat down on Sarah's face and bent forward to tongue-fuck Jillian who settled herself into the daisy chain on her back. Just as she dropped her head to the carpet, Noah's hard cock appeared above her. She giggled as his shaft dropped to her lips. 

Madison had contemplated not getting involved but the scene was so hot she couldn't resist. She lay down on her back and pushed her pussy up toward Noah. He gladly buried his face in her pussy. Dean placed his knees on either side of Maddy's face and dangled his semi-erect cock in her face. She sucked it into her mouth. 

Alexis had finally succeeded in getting Chase's cock back up and they joined the daisy chain as Alexis slid under Dean's mouth as she eagerly pulled his face down into her pussy. Chase knelt with Alexis' head between his knees and guided his newly hardened cock into Alexis' mouth. He was so horny now that he didn't care that Karen's ass was in his face instead of her pussy. He wanted to close the chain so he shoved his tongue into Karen anus and finger-fucked her pussy. She pulled her mouth off Chuck's cock to shriek from the unexpected attack. 

The room was alive with cries of ecstasy and moans and groans of pleasure. "Ohhhh's" and "Ahhh's" and slurping and sucking noises could be heard around the room. Divia was the first to explode into her orgasm and her shrieks of passion began a landslide of writhing bodies and screams and moans of "Oh Fucks" and "Oh Gawds" and "Yes, Yesss" and "I'M CUMMINNGGG's" could be heard everywhere. 

After several minutes of orgasms the room became quiet. Emma had come across the room and was now seated on the couch so she could see the action better. Her face was awash with sexual desire. She looked like she would explode into a nuclear orgasm if anyone even touched her. 

Bodies were starting to disengage from the chain and I pushed myself up with the intent of going to the aid of Emma. I crawled across the short distance between us and knelt in front of her. She was biting her lower lip as she looked down at me. I quietly said, "Emma, honey, you look like you're in a bad way. Are you OK?" I lightly rested my hand on her knee and she quietly groaned air from her lungs. Her eyes closed and her head tilted back against the couch. She wasn't having an orgasm but I could tell she desperately wanted one. 

I stood up and took her hand and helped her up to her feet. I guided her out of the study and into the foyer just as the front doorbell rang. She pulled her hand from mine and said, "That will be the Pizzas." She scanned my naked body and said, "You'd better go back to the study and close the door." I watched her head for the front door and stepped back into the study and pulled the door closed leaving just a crack, just before she pulled open the front door. 

The Pizza delivery guy was about forty years old with a full head of salt and pepper hair. He was wearing a bright red tee-shirt with the Pizzeria's name emblazoned on the left chest. He had eight Pizza's piled high in his arms. Emma just stared at him for several seconds like she was in a daze. 

Finally, she stepped back and motioned him in. He set the pizzas down on a table in the center of the foyer and announced the price. Emma was flustered and suddenly realized that she hadn't brought her wallet. She asked him to wait right there and she would get his money. She quickly moved from the foyer into the kitchen to get her purse. She had hidden it so as not to encourage the house full of teenagers that she didn't know, to go snooping. 

The pizza delivery guy stood in the foyer and waited. He could hear noises that sounded like sexual moans coming from behind a door to his left. He stepped closer to the door and listened. He distinctly heard a female voice yell out, "OHHH FUCCKK, I'MMM CUMMMINNNGGG AGGGAAAINNN." His cock jumped to full size in an instant. He was trying to adjust the position of his now erect cock in his pants when Emma walked back into the foyer with cash in her hand. 

She heard the groans from the study and knew that the Pizza guy had heard them too. She saw him adjusting his obvious erection in his pants and he went red in the face when he realized that she had caught him. He pulled his hands away from the front of his pants but then didn't know what to do with them. He looked at Emma and mumbled, "Ummm. Ummm. Sorry. It sounded like a woman having an orgasm in there," as he pointed toward the closed door to the study. 

Emma glanced where his finger was pointing and said, "It probably was," just as more groans of passion became obvious to Emma and the Pizza Guy in the foyer. Emma couldn't take anymore and she decided on a course of action. She walked the few feet between them and stopped with the money held out in front of her. She was standing much closer than necessary and he noticed her ragged breathing as she licked her tongue along her lower lip. Her nipples were pressing hard on her blouse. He took the money from her hand. 

When his hand touched hers she pushed her body against his and kissed him hard. He pushed the money in his pants pocket and wrapped his arms around her back and pulled her to him and kissed her passionately. Suddenly, both of their hands were everywhere as she maneuvered him across the foyer to the family room. 

Emma pulled his tee-shirt up over his head and began kissing his nipples. He was unbuttoning her blouse as he returned to kissing her lips and earlobes and neck. Their passion was electric and she couldn't wait for his fumbling hands on her blouse. She furiously unbuttoned the remaining ones and stripped off her blouse and then her bra. He broke his kisses to look down at her tits as he cupped both of them in his hands and started rolling her hard nipples between his thumbs and index fingers. 

Emma bent and pulled down her skirt and panties with one motion. They fell to the floor and she stepped out of them. His cock was straining the front of his pants at the vision of this beautiful, naked woman. She pushed herself into him for more kisses and then slid down his chest dragging her large tits as she went. 

When she was on her knees in front of him, she grabbed his belt buckle and yanked it open. She unbuttoned and then unzipped his pants. Her breathing had quickened as had his. She quickly reached into his underwear and pulled out his cock and immediately shoved it into her mouth and pushed all the way down to his balls. He watched her as she sucked in his cock but when he felt his cock slide into her throat, his head snapped back and a loud groan forced its way from his mouth. His hands rested lightly on each side of her face as though he was making sure this was real. 

His knees buckled once and he fought his way back up again. They buckled again and he collapsed downward onto the carpet pulling his cock from her mouth. She tried to catch his legs but she was more concerned with the lost cock that she needed so bad. She dropped to her elbows and sucked his cock back into her mouth, "MMMMUUMMMPPPPHHH." She was furiously bobbing her head up and down on his cock. Her mind was in a haze before she realized that she didn't want him to cum in her mouth. She needed his cock in her pussy. 

She looked at the guy's face as she furiously sucked his cock. She pulled her head back and off his cock and crawled up his body to straddle his hips and guided her pussy down on his upraised cock. He groaned as she descended and she groaned too. She rapidly rocked her hips forward and back driving his cock in and out of her. He raised his hands to cup her tits and press them together to create cleavage all the way up to her neck. Her mouth was hanging open as she gasped for air. 

Emma put her hands over his and pressed them harder into her tit-flesh. He was rocking his hips to aid her attack and he groaned loudly as he strained to hold himself back. He recognized her need and he didn't want to leave her wanting. 

Emma was oblivious of him. As far as she was concerned, he was a cock and it was pleasuring her greatly. She didn't want to stop fucking this cock, ever. She increased her pace and the change pushed him over into his orgasm. He coordinated his orgasm with a big push of his hips up into Emma's pussy. She screamed out, "OHHHH MYYYY GAAAWWWWWDDDDD. OHHH..OHHHH OHHHH. YESS. GIVVEEE IITTT TOOO MMMEEEE." He fired shot after shot of cum into her before she raised her head with mouth wide open in a silent scream and then burst out, "OOOHHHH FFFUCCKK. I'MMM CUMMMINNNGGG." 

His head collapsed back on the carpet and he smiled to himself. 'Mission accomplished,' he thought. She continued to grind away on his cock for several more minutes as she moaned with each vaginal clench. Her face collapsed down onto his chest and her pussy sporadically pulsed for several more minutes. He held her with his arms around her shoulders until she made the move to pull herself up. 

Emma maneuvered around and kissed Pizza Guy on the lips and said, "Thank you. I really, really needed that." He smiled and lifted his head to kiss her back. They both helped each other up to their feet. They found their clothes and pulled them on and zipped and buttoned and buckled them up. He moved to the door and she followed. He stopped and turned around and pulled her into him and kissed her passionately on the lips. She kissed him back in kind. He released her and opened the door and was gone. Emma closed the door and grabbed up the stack of pizzas and took them to the kitchen. She reheated each one and set them on the counter and kitchen nook table. She smiled to herself when she realized she was humming as she worked. 

She went to the study door and opened it to announce, "Pizzas in the kitchen." Most of the 'kids' were sitting around talking. A few were engaged in oral sex. Regardless, they all stood up and moved their naked bodies into the kitchen. They grabbed slices of pizza in paper plates and then dispersed in all directions, in small groups or couples. 

I was interested in the teen model, Jillian. She's very attractive and she has a smokin' body. I was watching her off and on during the afternoon. She fumbled around like everyone else with their first sexual experience, but she was obviously enjoying herself. She was fucking and sucking with confidence now. She and Sarah, the Asian babe, went out the back door to the pool. I followed them. We all sat down in straight-back chairs under an umbrella. It was getting dark and I noticed a box of matches sitting beside a candle. I struck a match and lit the candle. 

We talked about their post-high school plans and they were both going to high priced colleges back east. The conversation made me a little melancholy as I figured that Alexis would be going to college back east too and that could be the death-knell for our relationship. They asked about my experiences in college and I was thankful for the change of topics. We talked and ate our pizza. They both had glasses of the spiked punch and I had a beer. 

Sarah wanted to know about how Alexis and I got together and I had to make something up fast. I was sure she didn't buy a word of it, but she didn't press further. In the dim light of dusk, I was looking at their perky tits and erect nipples. Jillian was staring through the glass table at my hardening cock. Sarah noticed where Jillian was looking and she turned her gaze to the same place. 

Our breathing had all increased as we contemplated what was going to happen next. They were both infatuated with my cock's girth which was significantly thicker than the other guys. They had no choice but to assume that their cocks were normal and mine was not. 

Sarah's curiosity couldn't be contained any longer and she blurted out, "Your penis is so much fatter around than everyone else. Is your cock normal sized and everyone else here has thin ones or are they normal and yours is fatter." 

I laughed at her bluntness, "Well, I don't have all that much more experience with hard penises than you do, but I would say that the other guys here all have normal sized ones. Mine is fatter than normal. It can be a problem for some girls or women to handle." 

Jillian jumped into the discussion, "The other guys have orgasms and then their penises get soft pretty quickly and then they can get another erection after some recovery time. But, your penis pretty much stays hard all the time; like it is now. How do you do that when they can't?" 

The Q&A was getting uncomfortable but I answered, "I don't know how or why. It's just always been that way since I had my first erection when I was ten. It seems that as long as I have some visual, sexual stimulation, my cock stays hard, even after an ejaculation. I can also go longer before my next ejaculation, but I think that is true for the other guys too." 

Jillian said, "I agree. I noticed that Noah cummed almost as soon as I touched his penis. Later, when he was fucking Rachel, I noticed that he went quite a while before he cummed." 

Neither of them had stopped staring at my bouncing cock through the Q&A. Jillian had moved her hand into her lap and spread her legs slightly to allow access to her pussy. Sarah noticed her movement out of the corner of her eye and she did the same. I followed suit and began stroking my cock from balls to tip. Sarah was licking her lips and Jillian had sucked half of her lower lip between her teeth and was gently biting it. I looked back and forth at them. I didn't know if I should make the first move or let them. 

We sat there looking at each other for enough time for Jillian's orgasm to wash gently over her. It was the 'softest' orgasm I had ever seen. Her body slowly and almost imperceptibly pushed forward and slowly retreated. Her eyes closed and her mouth opened as she emitted a moan. Her head tipped backward slightly. Her toes curled up and her legs pushed out straight in front of her and then pulled back. She never stopped fingering her pussy. She thrust her hips up only once. 

Sarah turned her attention from my cock to Jillian and said, "Jill, are you OK?" 

Jill's eyes opened and looked at Sarah and in a dreamy voice said, "MMMMMM. I'm perfect. The only thing that would be better is if I could cum around that big fat cock right there." She pointed at my cock. They both turned their attention from my cock to my face. They were obviously waiting for me to make a move. 

I pushed my chair back and stood up. I had released my cock and it was pointing out in front of me with a slight up-angle and bobbed up and down a few inches. Jillian and Sarah followed my bouncing cock with their eyes as I walked around the table to stand between them. Jillian is very tall so she looked down at my cock which was only inches from her face. Sarah was very short so she looked up at my cock. They both moved their faces in closer. 
