 As we walked the length of the airport concourse we were in no hurry, unlike everyone around us. We dragged our wheeled carry-on bags as we followed the signs to the baggage claim area. Alexis veered off to the right headed for a women's room. The men's room was next door so I figured I'd go too. We got back together and before we attempted to merge back into the foot traffic I asked Alexis what Janine had said to her as we were exiting the plane.

Alexis said, "She wanted to know if we lived in the city. She was hoping we could get together when they have a lay-over in town. I told her we didn't but my sister did. She looked like she was interested but I didn't give her any information. She gave me another card and I'll give it to Dee. If she's interested she can contact Janine." There was a break in the constant line of people and we slipped into the flow.

We collected our bags from the racetrack beltway. I unlocked my bag to make sure my precious package was untouched. It was and I locked it up again to make sure Alexis didn't find it. She watched what I was doing so I had to be careful. She didn't ask any questions but she looked at me kind of strangely as if saying, 'what are you up to?' I didn't respond to her look.

We found Noah's car. It was nearly 6:30 PM so we were a little ahead of schedule. I tossed our bags in the trunk and back seat and was getting in the car when my cell phone rang. It occurred to me that it hadn't rung once while we were gone. I looked at the caller ID on the screen. It was Noah. I clicked the 'send' button. Alexis got in the passenger front seat and I stood in the open doorway of the driver's seat and mostly listened to Noah. When the call was done, I hung up and climbed behind the wheel. The engine groaned and groaned until it caught and started. 

As I maneuvered through the aisles and down ramps to the exit, Alexis asked about the call. I said, "It was Noah. He was talking a mile a minute. He was excited because he got it on with Olivia and Sophia earlier today. He said it was the first day that Olivia's husband wasn't home. He's over the moon." I chuckled and ran a mental video of Olivia and Sophia through my mind. I had to adjust the position in my pants as my cock jumped in increments to full size.

Alexis laughed when I told her about Noah's three-way but then she was quiet. We drove out of the airport and found the entrance ramp to the interstate leading into the city. After several minutes, Alexis turned sideways in her seat facing me. Her legs were crossed and the hem of her dress had pulled up so her pussy was visible. I looked over at her for a moment before returning my attention to the road. She had that impish look on her face. She said, "Hey babe? When do you think I'll get a shot at Olivia and Sophia? They are absolutely gorgeous. I've been around when you've had sex with them but I've never had sex with them." I glanced back at her. She had a hopeful smile on her face.

I thought for a moment about my response and decided to tease her a little. I said, "Well. It looks like Olivia and Sophia only have sex with the pool cleaners. So, it doesn't look hopeful for you." Her grin dipped until she realized I was teasing her. She turned around and faced out the front windshield again. She was quiet for only a few seconds.

She said, "Okay. Will you hire me to help you with the cleaning for the rest of the summer?" She glanced at me as I turned to look at her. She had a very serious look on her face so I knew she wasn't kidding me. I turned back to the road. Her idea rolled through my brain as I analyzed the pros and cons of working with her. It didn't take long to figure out that there would be more pros than cons.

Without looking at her I said, "Are you serious? If you are, I think it's a great idea. What about your dad? What will he say?" She snapped her head to look at me to see if I was just messing with her. She had a grin on her face from ear to ear.

"Really?" she said. 

I glanced at her quickly. Our exit was coming up. "Sure. After all that money you won. I won't even have to pay you."

She said, "That's your money. It was your quarter. Besides, I don't need money. You need it for college." I was only able to get a "but" in before she said, "The discussion on the money is over. It's yours, end of subject." She was quiet for thirty seconds and then turned to me with a huge smile and said, "When can I start?" I told her tomorrow if she's serious. She folded her right hand into a fist and pumped it in the air and yelled, "YES." 

I looked at her with that grin on her face and said, "This is work you know; not fucking on the pool deck all day."

She burst out laughing and responded, "Why? That's about all I see you doing." I could see her point and I joined in laughing too.

We pulled into Dee's parking garage and found a spot close to the elevator. We dragged our carry-on bags out of the car and rode the elevator up to Dee's floor. We knocked and the door flew open. Dee was still dressed in her work attire which consisted of a tight maroon leather pencil skirt that wasn't quite mini style. It stopped a couple inches above the knees. She wore a gold silk blouse with a wide black leather belt. She was barefoot. 

Dee dragged Alexis into her apartment and threw a lip lock on her. She was a bundle of excited energy. Alexis bent down and dropped her bag. Dee threw herself up into my arms and kissed me all over my face. Then with me still holding her off the floor and her arms around my neck she pulled herself to my face and kissed me hard and long on the lips. When she pulled back I said, "Well, hello to you too." I lowered her to the floor and she grabbed my hand and Alexis' and dragged us into the living room.

Dee said, "Not even one call to tell how things were going. Tell me everything, and I mean everything." She sat down on her sofa and curled her feet under her for a second and then put them on the floor and then pulled them up under her again. I looked over at Alexis with a "WTF?" look on my face. She just shrugged. We had already agreed to say nothing to anyone about winning the money, but otherwise we started at the beginning and gave her the gist of everything from the flight out to the flight back. It took more than an hour to tell the highlights. We told her about Stewardesses Janine and Connie, Masseuses Rozz and Jaz, MILFs Roni and Mae and Danielle and George. We had to make up a back-story for George or the whole Limo thing would have prompted question that would give the money story away. We topped it all off with Veronica as Alexis handed over one of the cards she had picked up off the sidewalk. Alexis also handed over Janine's card and explained that situation.

Dee took Janine's card but she couldn't pull her attention away from Veronica's picture on the card. Alexis and I watched her sister as she absent mindedly ran her fingers up under her skirt to her crotch. She was still staring at Veronica's card. Dee suddenly seemed to come-to as she pulled her gaze from the card and nonchalantly pulled her hand out from under her skirt. She said, "Veronica is gorgeous. How was sex with her?"

Alexis laughed and said, "Fantastic. Right Babe? She was the cherry on top. Well, she wasn't a cherry, so to speak." Dee grinned at Alexis' pun. 

Dee stood to smooth her leather skirt and glanced down to make sure it was okay. She noticed that her nipples were erect and pushing out so hard they were obvious through her bra and silk blouse. She looked up at us and said, "Well look at that. I guess your story has gotten me all horny." She put her hands on her tits and compressed them with her fingers and then tweaked her nipples with her thumb and index fingers. Her eyes closed and her mouth opened as her tongue ran across her upper lip.

Alexis and I looked at each other. It was a toss-up whether we would all head for the bedroom or not. I noticed that Alexis' nipples were hardening through her dress. She noticed where I was looking and she grinned at me. She lifted the hem of her dress to show me her glistening pussy. My dick stirred. Sex was in the air.

Nothing went any further as Dee pulled herself out of her reverie. She walked to the kitchen and came back with three beers. Alexis didn't usually drink beer but she readily accepted it. I didn't realize how dry I was. The air on the plane I guess. I nearly drank the whole thing in one gulp. 

Dee sat down again and asked about our hotel in Vegas. We sort of lied and said that it was fine. We didn't offer any details and Alexis moved on to other topics. 'This lying is getting complicated,' I thought. Dee wanted to know more about Janine. Alexis told her that she was very pretty with a nice body and great tits. Alexis confessed that when Janine wanted to know if we lived in the city, she told her that her sister did; hence the interest in Dee. Dee asked if we had any pictures and Alexis grabbed her cell-phone. She showed Dee what we had but none were of Janine or any of the other people we had met.

I moved Alexis' and my bag into the guest bedroom and Dee took us out for dinner. Alexis and Dee gabbed non-stop. I stuck my two cents in once in a while but I mostly just listened. After we got back from dinner Alexis made a big mistake by showing Dee her new outfits. Dee recognized the clothes as high end designers but she didn't say anything until Alexis was done. Then Dee said, "Alexis, where did you buy these clothes? There's nowhere in your town that sells these designer clothes. If you bought them here in the city, we would have shopped together. You bought these in Las Vegas didn't you?"

Alexis was busted and after a round of 'hems' and 'haws' from her; I interrupted and said, "She did buy them in Las Vegas." Then I made a mistake by hatching another lie, "We got lucky at the tables and she spent her winnings on clothes. I saved mine for college." In retrospect, we should have just come clean because we would only have a few hours before the whole 'tower of Jenga' lies would come tumbling down. The money spent on Alexis' clothes was the least of it.

My lie was logical and therefore reasonable but there was really no reason why we couldn't have told her that in the first place. But because we had started with a lie, Dee didn't buy the latest one either. She looked at me skeptically but she left it alone and told Alexis how beautiful they were. I left them to their gabbing and went to the kitchen. I needed another beer. I went to the floor-to-ceiling windows in the living room and watched the twinkling city lights. It was a spectacular sight. I was curious about the view of red and white traffic below but that would have required me to get closer to the windows than I was comfortable with.

Alexis came out in a new lingerie outfit that I hadn't seen before. She snuggled up to me by the windows and asked for a swig of my beer. She took a hit and gave it back. She watched the city lights and commented on how beautiful they were. She ran her hand under my shirt-tail, across my ripped abs and up over my ripped pectorals. She said, "Dee wants us to sleep in with her tonight. Is that okay?"

I smiled at her and said, "Of course. I'm pretty tired though. I guess its jet-lag. It's really two hours later for us. Alexis kissed me on the arm and pulled her hand out from under my shirt and headed down the hall. She wiggled her tight, perfectly formed ass and looked back to see if I was watching. I was and she giggled when I smiled at her. I must have been tired. My cock didn't budge.

I went to the kitchen, deposited my can in the recycling bag and popped open another. I sat in the living room in the dark watching the lights in an apartment across the street at the same level. At first there was no movement in the apartment but then a woman came out of the kitchen. She was carrying a couple drinks into the living room. I hadn't noticed the guy sitting on the sofa because he hadn't moved. He stood up and when the woman came closer, he took both drinks and set them down on the coffee table before moving in close to her and kissed her. His hands went to her hips and then around her waist and then down over her ass. Her hand went straight for his crotch. 

She apparently wanted to move faster than he. I watched her pull his zipper down and reach her hand inside his pants. They continued kissing and it was apparent that their passion was getting hotter and more urgent. She dropped to her knees and the motion of her head told all there was to tell. They were too far away to see any details. After a couple minutes the guy pulled her up and they went to another room.

I drained my second beer and deposited the can in the recycling in the kitchen. I walked down the hall toward Dee's bedroom. I stood in the doorway and watched Alexis and her older sister engaged in a side-by-side sixty-nine. There was a lot of moaning and groaning. I shed my clothes and stroked my hard cock a few times. I thought I should relieve myself of the beers so I went to the bathroom. The timing was bad because I had to wait to get my cock soft enough to piss through it. 

I decided to take a shower and not disturb Alexis and Dee. When I was dried off I returned to the bedroom. The lights were off and their sexual activities were finished. They laid there with Dee on the far side of the bed facing the windows. Alexis was spooned up behind her in the middle of the bed. I slid under the sheets and spooned up behind Alexis. She turned to kiss me as I put my head down. I ran my hand over her arm and caressed her tits. Her nipples were still hard. I ran my hand down over her flat stomach to her pussy. She was very wet and her pussy was randomly pulsing. She twitched her whole body every time I touched her there. I rested my hand right there and she settled down.

Alexis reached around and took my cock in her hand. It hardened again from her touch. She stroked it up and down a couple times and then lifted her upper leg and pushed my stiff cock between her thighs to stick a few inches in front of her. She didn't attempt to put it in her pussy. She dropped her hand down over mine so her fingers were draped over my glans. She gently and slowly stroked my glans with her finger-nails until she fell asleep. I followed right along behind.

I woke in the night and realized that Alexis and I were in the same position as when we fell asleep. My hand was still resting on her pussy. She was doing something with my cock. I lifted the sheets and could see in the semi-darkness that she had both arms wrapped up over her chest. There was a tug on my cock again and I lowered the sheets further. Dee had pushed herself around on the bed and was gently sucking on my glans that was still poking between Alexis' thighs. She was licking the 'spot' on the underside of the base of my glans. My cock was growing harder as her gentle ministrations were having an effect. When the sheet lifted above her head she looked up at me. She pulled her lips back and grinned at me and then went back to work.

I couldn't believe that what she was doing would pull an orgasm from me. When I moaned and pushed my hips at her, Dee pushed her lips onto the tip and received the first shot. From experience, she knew that she couldn't usually handle my loads without swallowing and she used that experience now as she started swallowing on the first shot. I was trying to push my cock further into her mouth but it was impossible with Alexis' body in between us. I groaned and groaned from the first shot to the last. Alexis stirred as I was groaning in her ear. She turned her head and kissed me but it was obvious she never really woke up. She was back asleep in moments. When my last rope of cum launched into Dee's mouth she swirled it around with her tongue and pulled her lips away. She stuck her tongue in the 'eye' to collect the last of my jizz. 

Dee crawled up and leaned across Alexis' body and kissed me hard on the lips. She pushed her cum tasting tongue past my lips and swirled it around. She pulled back and grinned at me. I smiled and said, "Thanks." I didn't know what else to say. Dee turned around and fitted herself up into her original position spooning with Alexis. I fell almost instantly asleep again.

The early dawn light streamed through the uncovered windows and woke me. It was 6:08 AM. I pulled my soft cock from between Alexis' thighs and rolled out of bed. Alexis didn't even stir. I pulled on my gym shorts that I had laid out from my bag last night. I went to the kitchen and rummaged around in the closets till I found the coffee cups and the k-cup inserts for the Keurig machine on the counter. 

I sat in the living room with my coffee and the quiet. It was too early for rush hour so there wasn't even any traffic noises way down there on the street. The A/C fan came on to replace the quiet. I heard a noise at the front door and I went to look through the viewing hole. I could see a guy walking down the hall tossing what I presumed were newspapers against the doors. I opened Dee's door and snatched up the Local City Newspaper. I carried it in to the living room and sat down with my coffee and newspaper. I spread the front page and scanned the headlines above the fold. Nothing much there was of interest to me. There was a section in this paper that reported local news for our town which was considered to be a suburb of the city. I flipped through the pages until I found that section and I pulled it out and laid the rest down on the sofa.

My heart stopped dead. Right there, in a large font, above the fold read, "Local Teens Win Big in Las Vegas". Under the headline was a color photo of Alexis and me standing with my hand on her waist in the open door of a Limo. 'Holy Fuck' ran through my mind. I read the short article beside the photo. It provided our names and our town and the whole story of the slot machine win and the amount, along with the other benefits, including the suite at the Hotel. The interview ran through my brain. I didn't remember telling the guy anything except our names. 'STUPID, STUPID, STUPID' was all I could think. I should have taken George's advice.

Then the real reality rushed into my mind. We created this lie to get away without Alexis' dad knowing and now it's all over the local news section. 'Jesus Christ, we are in trouble,' I thought. I felt bad about deceiving my parents but they're pretty cool. Alexis' Dad was going to go ballistic. I understood that Alexis was over eighteen and there wasn't all that much he could do to her. 'Yeah right,' I thought. To compound things he would know that Dee and Emma had been in on it. There was going to be hell to pay all around. I set the paper down on the sofa. I looked at the photo and smiled. It was a great picture of us. She looked even more beautiful in the photo which didn't seem possible. 

I finished my coffee and went back for seconds. I came back and read the article again reliving the interview. I definitely didn't tell him where we were from. He apparently tracked us down with just our names. I relaxed and thought, 'Okay. What's the plan now?' I had to assume that Alexis' dad had already read the story. I was surprised the phone wasn't ringing off the hook.

As if I possessed precognition, a phone rang two minutes later. I leapt from the couch and ran down the hall yelling, "Don't answer it". It was Dee's cell phone and it was vibrating and ringing on her nightstand. Dee pushed herself up on her elbow and lifted the phone and looked at the screen. I ran into the room yelling, "Don't answer it."

Dee looked at me and said, "It's Dad." I was waving my arms at her warning her away. She had a very confused look on her face but she let it ring until it stopped. She looked from the screen to my face and said, "What's wrong? That's my dad." Her phone rang again and she looked back to the screen. She showed me and it was her dad again. I frantically waved my arms again. She let it ring until it stopped.
