 After returning from dinner and drinks, Alexis invited our limo driver, George and his very attractive black girlfriend, Danielle, up to our suite for a nightcap. I did all I could do to cut her off at the pass but Danielle and Alexis both had that look in their eyes and I knew we were heading for a long night. I was as excited with the prospects as Alexis appeared to be, but George was basically our employee for the few days we were in Las Vegas. 

Alexis offered her hand to Danielle and they headed into the lobby. I looked at George as he shrugged his shoulders and followed the two ladies. I brought up the rear. I took every opportunity to hang back and watch the reactions from men and particularly women when Alexis strutted through a room like she was doing now. Add to that the gorgeous Danielle and the lusty looks on faces were humorous. 

Alexis took Danielle on a quick tour of the suite. George and I made drinks at the bar. I was getting buzzed as I'm not much of a drinker. George appeared to be fine. He had to restrain his booze consumption because he was driving. When the ladies reappeared in the living room, we all sat down. I settled in an overstuffed chair that was obscenely comfortable. George sat is a chair beside me. Alexis and Danielle made a show of sitting beside each other on the huge nine foot long sofa. They sat way closer to each other than necessary. We all nursed our drinks as we chatted back and forth. 

George got up and asked for the bathroom. I pointed and he set his drink down on a coaster and left the room. Alexis and Danielle were almost glaring at me as though they were telepathically screaming 'find something to do somewhere else'. I got up and announced that I was going to change out of these clothes. Alexis smiled at me and blew me an air-kiss. I left the room. 

I did as I said and used the bathroom to relieve my bladder of the mounting number of beers. When I returned to the living room I saw exactly what I expected to see except George was standing by the grand piano watching Alexis and Danielle kissing and groping each other. It was an extremely hot scene and my cock exploded to full dimensions in a single heart beat. Their hands were going everywhere searching for clasps and buttons and zippers. The heat they radiated was palpable. George noticed me standing in the doorway across the room. A huge grin erupted on his face. I thought, 'Thank God he isn't pissed off at least.' His gaze turned back to the ladies. 

I made my way back to my chair across from the sofa. George took my cue and did the same. We lifted our glasses off the side tables and clinked them together. George said, "Holy Fuck." I just nodded and drained my glass. George did the same. Without taking his gaze off Alexis and Danielle he asked if I wanted another drink. 

I said, "Sure do. You?" He muttered something I didn't catch. He was totally engrossed as clothes began to peel away from our ladies. I stood and went to the bar. My rigid cock was pressing hard against the zipper of my shorts and I had to adjust its position. I came back with the drinks and sat down as I handed over George's drink. He never averted his eyes from the sofa so I had to guide the drink into his hand that he just stuck out toward me. 

Both Alexis and Danielle were totally naked as they pawed each other. Alexis was in-heat. Her breathing was very ragged. Danielle was moaning loudly from deep in her throat. George looked over at me and said, "Jesus Hunter. Alexis is more smoking hot than I had even imagined and I imagined really hot." 

I said, "She is nuclear hot but Danielle is too." He nodded and smiled as returned his gaze to the sofa. He ran his hand down to the crotch of his pants. I wondered how long it would be before he pulled his cock out. I knew I was getting close. 

George took a sip off his glass and said, "Do you think we are going to get in on this?" 

"Bet on it," I said. I unzipped my shorts and my cock sprang out and bobbed up and down. I didn't touch it. George looked over and down to my crotch. He looked back up at my face and said, "Fuck Hunter. The term sloppy seconds has a whole new meaning now." I laughed as I got his meaning. 

The ladies had, for lack of a better description, oozed like a viscous liquid into a sixty-nine position. Alexis was on the bottom with Danielle's lips kissing her pussy. She had lowered her pussy onto Alexis' lips. They both were just kissing around the outer lips. Danielle's narrow hips with her bubble butt and ebony skin tone were erotic in their own right. 

The ladies were furiously tongue-fucking each other. Danielle groaned into a second orgasm and Alexis was surging hard into her first. George stood up and unbuckled and unzipped his pants and pushed them and his underwear down to his thighs were they fell to the floor. His hand went immediately to his cock. It was of average size I guess. It was a little shorter and quite a bit thinner than mine. He slowly jacked on his cock and sat back down. 

When Alexis screamed her way into her second orgasm, she was thrashing around in sudden spastic motion. Danielle pulled back because she couldn't keep her tongue in Alexis' pussy any more. As Alexis settled down and the action subsided, I moved toward the sofa and knelt to whisper to Alexis. She responded with a 'fuck yeah.' Danielle pulled back and knelt on the other end of the sofa to see what was up. Her dark eyes brightened considerably when she saw that George was sitting there stroking his cock. 

Alexis stood up and pulled Danielle to her feet and led her to the bedroom. I motioned for George to follow. He stood and removed his shirt, shoes and socks and stepped out of his pants. Alexis climbed into the middle of the bed and lay on her side motioning Danielle into a side by side sixty-nine. I urgently wanted to fuck Danielle but I figured that should wait for an invitation before making that assumption. I moved up behind Alexis in a spooning position. Alexis lifted her top leg to provide access to her pussy from behind. I guided my cock into her sopping wet pussy. We both groaned hard as my cock pushed deep into her. Danielle's face was right there and she said, "Holy shit girl. You fuck that thing regularly. It's bigger than my wrist." Just watching my cock sink to the depths of Alexis' pussy renewed Danielle's passion and she started tonguing Alexis' clitoris as my cock slid back and forth my Danielle's nose. George got the picture and he moved in behind Danielle and maneuvered his cock to her pussy. Alexis saw it coming and she moved her mouth to receive his cock before he reached Danielle's pussy. 

Alexis deep throated George's cock and he let out a loud groan, "OH FUCK. YESSS." Alexis pulled back off his cock and guided it to Danielle's pussy. He pushed his cock all the way to his balls in one push. Alexis adjusted her position and began tongue-fucking Danielle's clit again. She randomly let her tongue drag along George's cock as he fucked Danielle who was doing the same to my cock. 

Danielle reached up and as I pulled out of Alexis to the glans she pulled my cock out and struggled to stretch it past her lips. She pulled back and said, "Jesus Christ. This cock is too big for me. I never thought I would say that." She tried again and then guided it back into Alexis' pussy. 

With both women getting their pussies fucked and their clits savaged they burst into orgasm after orgasm. Alexis had been screaming so hard she was getting hoarse. Danielle's orgasms were much quieter but the building of tension in her face neck and torso were the same and she would burst out a violent exhale as her pussy began spastically clenching and releasing. I had lifted myself up on my elbow so I could watch Danielle's pussy spasm as George's cock pushed in and out at an increasing pace and then out and into Alexis' mouth for a couple strokes. 

I got my first close up view as George's ball-sack scrunched his balls up tight. I didn't notice any increase in the size of his cock. Danielle pulled back from Alexis' clit and my cock and said, "George. Please don't cum in me. You're not wearing a condom," before she went back to pull my cock out of Alexis and tried again to get me into her mouth. 

George let out a groan and an "Oh Fuck." He was close to blowing and now suddenly he had nowhere to blow. Alexis instantly solved his problem. He pulled his cock from Danielle's pussy as he was about to cum. Alexis grabbed his pulsing cock and shoved it into her mouth. She didn't lose any of his load as four or five surges of sperm rocketed up his shaft as she jerked him off with her free hand. I was thinking, 'Good girl. There is nothing more frustrating than when a guy is in the process of blowing his load and whatever stimulation that caused it just stops.' 

Danielle finally got her lips around my glans. She pushed her mouth down about an inch before she realized that the glans wasn't even the fattest part of my shaft. Then she realized that she couldn't get her mouth off around the ridge. Her lips were aching. I looked down past Alexis' hips and Danielle had a look of terror on her face. I didn't know what to do but after some struggling, Danielle pulled free. She flexed her jaw around and guided my cock back into Alexis' pussy. 

Danielle and George were spent. Alexis released his cock ass he rolled onto his back. Danielle rolled away from Alexis and against George. He cradled her to him. Together they watch my cock drilling in and out of Alexis as she erupted into another orgasm. It was huge and she flailed around as her pussy clamped down hard on my cock. I wrapped my arms around her chest and grabbed one of her tits to hold her in place. 

For minutes after she crested her pussy continued to clench spastically on my cock. I had stopped my fucking motion to let her ride it down. Five minutes later Alexis exhaled air, "phew". Then she turned her face and said, "Holy shit babe. That was one hell of a fuck. You didn't get off though. Let me give you an extra-special blowjob." She pulled her pussy off my cock and rolled forward. I rolled onto my back with my fatty pointing at the ceiling. 

As Alexis started to move into position she explained to Danielle, "He does this all the time. He concentrates so hard on getting me off that he doesn't cum for a long time. God knows, I can't complain." Danielle rolled away from George and sat up. She was staring at my cock swaying back and forth. Alexis noticed the look on Danielle's face as she was lightly biting her lower lip. Alexis said, "Danielle, you look like you want a shot at Hunter's cock. True?" 

George looked at Danielle's face and answered for her, "I would say that's true." 

Alexis said, "Go for it. I get it any time I want." Danielle didn't say a word. She seemed like she was on auto-pilot as she came up on her hands and knees and moved across the bed to me. Her tits, which were larger than Alexis' hung nearly to the bed and swayed slightly. She came up beside me and sat her ass back on her feet. She wrapped her fingers nearly around the circumference of my cock and started jerking me off. It felt fantastic. She flexed her jaw again and apparently decided she didn't want to go there again. Her breathing had become labored with anticipation. A look of pure lust was on her face. 

Danielle lifted one leg across my hips and sat down on my hips. She held my cock hard to her pussy lips with her hands and pivoted her hips to dry hump my cock. It wasn't very dry of course as her pussy was almost gushing vaginal juices. She ran her pussy up and down my shaft several times before lifting her body up to push me into her pussy. She didn't get high enough and my cock was too hard to drag it along her slit. She lifted herself higher and pushed me into position and with some trepidation and slowly let gravity push her down. She was tighter than I expected. Apparently, she was thinking the same thing because she inched her way down the shaft groaning hard the whole way. I was groaning just as hard. Her pussy was so tight. 

At the bottom, Danielle pivoted her hips to a different angle as she pulled herself up. The effect of this slight pivot was to drag her clitoris along my cock. Danielle's eyes were shut and her mouth hung open as she got into a fucking rhythm with that same change of hip position. Then I realized that while she was dragging her clit across my cock she was also dragging the back of her pussy along the sensitive underside of my cock attempting to bend my cock upward. Because I was so hard this dragging upward motion couldn't bend my cock and it added pressure to her pussy. 

In ten full strokes, Danielle erupted into another orgasm. She had been relatively quiet as she seemed to gently roll through her multiple orgasms. This one was different. She let out a loud scream that started deep in her throat with a low pitch and steadily increased in pitch until only dog's could hear her. She hovered about half way up my cock as her face was contorted in a silent scream. She pitched her body forward and dug her fingernails into my chest. Her tits dragged across my stomach. Her nipples were hard and nearly an inch long. 

After what appeared to take forever for her orgasm to crest, her consciousness seemed to snap back into her body and she started fucking my cock as fast and hard as she could manage as her orgasmic contractions now owned her body. She kept that same hip pivoting motion going even at this pace and it was pulling my orgasm straight up from my toes. She was getting spastic so I took over the pace as I held her hips in place as I thrust my hips up hard into her and she groaned with each thrust. She was looking down at me with her hands mashing her tits as she tipped her hips back and forth to match my thrusts. She was coming down off her orgasm as I rose into mine. 

She recognized the symptoms and pulled herself off my cock and started jerking me off with both hands in counter-rotating motion. She pushed herself back so she could get her lips on the end of the glans. Every muscle in my body was knotted up tight as my balls boiled over and one strong blast of cum fired up my shaft. She wasn't in position yet and it hit her on her chin and sprayed down over her tits. It was followed by two lesser ones that she took into her mouth and then another hard blast that lifted my hips off the bed. Danielle was watching the contortions on my face. She swallowed to be prepared for more and several smaller shots blew into her mouth. She swallowed again. When she saw me looking at her she pulled her lips off my glans, pursed her lips and blew an air-kiss at me. As I regained a semblance of control over my muscles again, I smiled at her. She had cum all around her lips, on her chin and down her front. She sat back up and scooped what she could get into her mouth. 

Danielle said, "You got me. Fuck did you get me. Holy shit. Your cock is kind of scary at first but, wow." 

I laughed and said, "You got me too. Your pussy is amazing and that thing you do with your hips is incredible." She grinned as she watched my cock jump as it continued to soften. 

We had been so into each other that we hadn't noticed that George's cock had hardened as he watched us and Alexis' face was buried in his lap sucking on it. George gently held Alexis' head with his hands as he gazed off into space somewhere. I looked at Danielle to see if this was a problem. Apparently it wasn't. She began strumming her fingers along her still clenching pussy as she watched Alexis' head bobbing on her boyfriend's lap. We adjusted our position so we could see George's cock appear and disappear into Alexis' deep-throating mouth. 

Danielle looked at me and said, "Can she do that with your cock?" I grinned and nodded. "Holy shit. I couldn't even get the head in my mouth." 

I said, "Practice, practice, practice." Danielle giggled. 

George leaned back so he was holding himself with his hands behind him. We all had a better view of Alexis' blowjob. George wasn't far from blowing. His facial muscles constricted and his head tipped back. His torso started to heave forward and then back. Alexis knew he was close and she doubled down. She had opened her mouth wide and was flailing her mouth up and down his shaft, "AAAWWKKK... AWWWKKK.. AWWKKk.. AWWKK" came from her mouth. George let out a loud groan and thrust his hips upward. Alexis closed her lips around his glans and accepted several ropes of cum. She held it and didn't swallow. Her lips distended as her mouth filled. Her eyes didn't go wide so I knew she was alright. George collapsed to his back with his last shot. 

When Alexis was sure she had got it all, she pulled off George's glans and rolled his cum around in her mouth with her tongue. She opened her mouth and stuck out her curled up tongue to show Danielle, who giggled and pushed her face close to Alexis and they shared Georges' cum load. After both had swallowed they kissed each other passionately. 

We all piled into the shower and both George and Danielle marveled at the multiple shower heads. Guys washed girls and girls washed guys. I didn't want Alexis and Danielle to get going again. I think they could have gone all night. I still thought this whole scene shouldn't have happened, but it sure was great. 

When we were all dried, George and Danielle pulled their clothes on. Danielle didn't wear her underpants or bra. George pulled all of his clothes on. When they were ready we made our way to the door. Kisses and handshakes were given and Alexis and I stood naked in the doorway as they stepped into the elevator and were gone. We closed the door and I wrapped Alexis up in my arms and kissed her hard. She had cum breath again. She laughed when we separated and then she stretched up and pushed her cum flavored tongue into my mouth. 

It was nearly dawn before we pulled bedspread with cum and juice stains off the bed and climbed under the sheets. Alexis hit the button to close the drapes. She didn't want to get woken up by the sun streaming through the windows only a few hours away. 

I woke at six like I always do. The limited sleep never seems to matter. I swear I could go to sleep at five AM and I'd wake for the day at six. I had my usual morning woody tenting the sheet as I just lay there on my back with my hands behind my head. The closed curtains had darkened the room as Alexis had hoped. I studied the coffered ceiling. I had thought I'd like to be an architect when I was younger and the architecture in this city was spectacular. Everywhere I looked there was something of interest to me. My mind went to last night and my cock hardened. I pictured Danielle in my mind's eye and thought, 'What a beautiful woman. George is a lucky guy.' 

Alexis seemed to be aware that I was laying there awake even though I hadn't moved a muscle. She rolled over to face me and opened her eyes. She looked at the clock over my shoulder and groaned. She said, "Hunter. Go back to sleep. It's way too early." She was almost immediately asleep again as evidenced by her soft snoring. I turned my head on my pillow and watched her sleep. I was thinking, 'Talk about a beautiful woman. I'm in a city full of beautiful women and I haven't seen one who even comes close to her. Some may have been prettier and some had incredible bodies, but none had the total package to compare. What a lucky guy I am.' I laid there for a half hour wondering what I could do this early in the morning. I got out of bed and walked to the door. The USA Today and the local Las Vegas Newspapers were deposited at every door every day. I sat naked in the living room reading the sports page and then browsed through other sections. 

I found a pair of shorts and a shirt sitting on a chair in the bathroom and I pulled them on. I put on my new sandals and wrote a note for Alexis that I was going for a walk and noted the time. I quietly left the suite and rode the elevator to the lobby. I walked around an area of the Hotel I hadn't been in before to see what was there. There was nothing that I had any interest in. I was amazed to see the Casino floor nearly as busy as it was when we came in last night. There were a lot of bleary-eyed people around but they kept right on gambling. I knew this addiction was as much an illness as any addiction but I didn't have that gene and I couldn't understand how people got this way. I walked back past the spa and massage area kind of looking for Jazmin and Rozzalyn. The massage area was closed but the spa was open. I walked in to see what it included. 
