 Alexis had asked if she could come help me clean pools. I agreed and was surprised that she actually was helpful. I knew she only wanted to participate in sex with Olivia and Sophia whenever I cleaned Olivia's pool. She had mentioned that Olivia made her pussy wet. She got her chance with Olivia and it was a smashing success all around. I lost count of their multiple orgasms. 

I slept fitfully that night. Something was bothering me about this meeting called by Emma's husband, Jim who went on the warpath when he discovered that I had taken Alexis to Las Vegas for a vacation. He hadn't gotten over the fact that Dee, Alexis' sister, had agreed to marry her boyfriend, Jarrod, without ever introducing him to her father. It was non-stop tension in Emma's house lately. 

Jarrod and I had agreed to meet Jim on his 'boat', whatever that meant, at noon. Alexis and Emma thought that Jim just wanted to meet us in some male-bonding scenario. I trusted their opinion but I thought something else was up. God only knew what but I figured we'd find out soon enough. I wasn't going to be bullied by him was all I knew for sure.

It was Saturday morning and I was to meet Alexis at the town pool again. I had worn a pair of cotton cargo shorts and a knit cotton short-sleeved shirt and sockless sneakers. She drove into the parking lot a minute behind me. I already had the sliding door open and the equipment and buckets pulled to the doorway. I carried the equipment to the gate and unlocked it. I pushed through the gate with the equipment in hand just as Alexis appeared carrying the lighter bucket. She was dressed in a one piece swimsuit that was cut very high on her thighs and very low on top.

I waited for her and she smiled as she walked up and stretched up to kiss me. I bent to meet her half way. I put the equipment down poolside and returned for the heavy bucket. We both went to work and finished up early again. The second morning pool was 'week-days only' and this was an off day for Olivia so we were done for the day. 

I knew I had to get to the Marina before noon. It wasn't a long drive so I had plenty of time. Alexis' new suit, which she apparently had bought in Las Vegas, was making me very horny. I contemplated the yoga mat in the van but thought better of it. After the equipment and chemicals were loaded, I took Alexis' hand and led her into the support building and into the ladies sauna room. It was hot outside but nothing like in there. 

I stripped off my shirt and pushed my shorts down until they fell to the floor. Alexis watched me strip with a huge grin on her face as my cock sprang up and slapped on my stomach before settling back to point at her face. She pulled the shoulder straps of her bathing suit down her arms and pushed it down past her tits. Her nipples were erect. She kept pushing her suit past her hips and let it drop to the floor. Our bodies were both glistening with perspiration from the 140 degree heat. I had grabbed a couple of towels at the door and I laid them down on the redwood bench. 

I moved in close to her and she put her hands on my shoulders and then up around my neck as I bent down to kiss her. My hands went to her narrow waist and then around to her ass. We pulled each other in for a long passionate kiss. I flicked my tongue lightly on her lower lip and Alexis moaned softly. My cock was pressed between our bodies. Its urgent pulsing got Alexis' attention and she broke the kiss and dragged her tits down my stomach, hips and thighs on her way to her knees. She wrapped her hands around my cock and squeezed hard. I smiled down at her as she was grinning broadly up at me.

She started jerking me off with both hands counter-rotating. After a minute she lowered her lips to my glans and kissed it before stretching her lips over the tip. She tipped her head back and dragged her lips off the tip and then tipped forward and pushed back on again. She had the lustiest look on her face as she kept doing this as her hands stroked up and down. The sensations were amazing and my cock got harder and harder. I didn't think it could get any harder.

I wanted her pussy on my face as much as I wanted her face on my cock so I reached down to pull her up. She pouted a little when she had to release my cock. She had a confused look on her face until I picked her up and spun her around upside down. She squealed as she was in the air. I stopped her with her thighs on my shoulder and her soaking wet pussy in my face. We had done this before so she knew my cock was going to be right in front of her. She grabbed it with one hand and guided it past her stretched lips. Her other hand went behind my thigh and she pulled her mouth onto my shaft. She didn't stop until my glans was in her throat. She held it there for a moment before pulling back so she could breathe. She started a fast paced blowjob.

The moment that Alexis' pussy came in range of my face, I attacked her pussy with my tongue. I had one arm around her back pulling her to me. I lifted the other hand and pushed the index finger into her anus. She screamed around my cock as I slowly pushed in. She forced herself to relax and then she started moaning around my cock as my tongue and finger worked over her neighboring orifices.

It wasn't long before Alexis' pussy clamped on my tongue and her moans changed into a long, low pitched groan around my cock. I had to remove my finger from her anus and hold her with both hands as she flailed uncontrollably in my arms. Her thighs clamped hard on my head and then released. Her mouth came off my cock as she spastically searched for oxygen. She grabbed it with her hand and just hung on. I held her hips tight to my face and continued tongue-fucking her, driving her orgasm even higher. At the crest, she let out a scream. I prayed no one else was using the facilities yet. No one came to investigate. 

As she started to come down I eased back and then stopped. I watched her labia opening and closing from an inch away. Her juices were flooding out of her pussy and down her stomach to her tits. I lowered her to the towel on the bench and watched as her body continued to randomly convulse. 

When she recovered she looked up at me standing above her. She reached up and wrapped her hand around my still rigid cock. She smiled and said, "Fuck me with this big boy." I laughed and moved to a kneeling position on the bench between her legs. I took her ankles and lifted them up to my shoulders. As I moved forward to position my cock at her pussy her hips lifted to change the angle. I looked down between us and guided myself into her. When I looked back at Alexis, she was grinning broadly at me. The grin disappeared when I pushed my fatty into her. She grimaced a little so I stopped. She nudged her hips up as best she could in this position and I pushed all the way in until my balls rested on her ass-cheeks. She said, "Do it. Fuck me babe. Fuck me hard."

I did as she instructed. In seconds she was groaning very hard and mumbling, "OOHH MMYYY GGAAWWDDD. FUUCCKKK. YESSS. YESSS." She was trying to drive her pelvis but I had her trapped with her ankles on my shoulders. She was mine to fuck as hard as I wanted. She screamed out, "FUUCKK. HARRDDEERRRRR." I was driving my hips into her as hard and fast as I could. I wasn't going to last much longer. My orgasm felt like it was coming from far away but it was coming on fast. When Alexis felt my cock surge harder she knew what was coming and she exploded into her own orgasm just as I rocketed my first shot into her pussy. She screamed again and I groaned. She screamed as each long burst of cum launched into her. I drove my hips forward with each shot. 

When the last shot burst up my shaft, I yelled out, "OHHH JEESSSSUUSSSS. FUCKKK." I was furiously searching for oxygen. Alexis was too. I backed out and gently lowered her feet to the bench on either side of me. Her hips kept humping up in the air and then slowly descend to the bench. I watched as cum burbled out of her pussy to the towel under her. She scooped her fingers through her pussy and pushed them into her mouth and licked them clean. She did this several times. Then she slid off the bench to the floor and knelt as she pushed my shrinking cock into her mouth to suck and lick it clean. When she was done she sat back up on the bench and smacked her lips and ran her tongue all around searching for any taste of cum.

She looked at me and grinned. She said, "That was fucking amazing." Both of our bodies were covered in sweat. She licked my shoulder and savored it for a moment and said, "I see why Olivia likes man-sweat." 

We wrapped the towels around ourselves and walked out of the sauna just as a middle-aged women came out of the steam-room wrapped in a towel. She looked at me in my towel and said, "Hey sweetie, this is the ladies room," as she scanned me from head to toe. My cock was not completely soft and it was pushing out a little on the towel.

I said, "Sorry. The men's Sauna is out of order." 

She looked at Alexis and said, "Sure it is." Alexis burst out laughing. The woman said to Alexis, "Grab it while you can deary. It will all be gone soon enough," and walked on by. When she was gone we both erupted in laughter. We got our clothes back on and returned to the parking lot. Alexis got in her mother's car and tooted the horn as she drove off.

I watched her go and then my mind returned to the 'meeting' with Jim. I checked my watch. I still had plenty of time. I drove leisurely to the Marina. I pulled into the parking lot just as Jarrod was backing into a parking spot. I parked a few slots from him and we met in the middle. Jarrod was as confused by this meeting as I was. 

We didn't know which of these 'boats' was Jim's but the smallest was thirty feet long. We both stood there looking at this ostentatious display of wealth. We asked in the Marina's office which one belonged to Jim and he pointed at one that was at least fifty feet long and two decks. I turned to Jarrod and said, "Fuck. Look at that thing." He nodded and we headed down the maze of docks and looked with awe at Jim's 'boat'.

I woman's head poked up above the gunwale. Then two very attractive women stood up beside her. The first one stood and waved at us. We looked at each other. Jarrod said, "What the fuck?" The women were all wearing very skimpy bikinis. They motioned for us to come aboard so we crossed the gangplank. We walked aft under where the women were standing and climbed a ladder to the deck they were on. 

One of the women stood well over six feet tall. She was trim with medium sized breasts and gently flairing hips. Her legs went forever. She had long blonde hair that was styled in loose pig-tails. The other two were considerably shorter one was about five feet seven and the other barely over five feet. They both had very nice bodies too. Their breasts were enhanced and much larger than the tall one. They were all very attractive. We introduced ourselves and it was obvious that they already knew who we were. The tall one introduced herself as Rachel. She then introduced the other two as Izzy and Mia.

Up close Mia had a slight Asian look. She and Izzy had black hair pulled up in high-pony-tails. Izzy's tits were trying desperately to get out of her constricting bikini top. I couldn't even make a guess on what cup size she was. Mia had not gone as far overboard with her enhanced tits. She had settled for 'D-cups'. Izzy's body pretty much went from her shoulders to her hips with only a slight curve at the waist. Mia had narrow shoulders and hips consistent with her Asian heritage. Most certainly, her original breasts were small and consistent with her narrow dimensions, so her new boobs looked huge on her. They all wore high fashion five inch stilettos.

Rachel seemed to be the spokesperson as she said, "Jim should be here soon. He had some unexpected business to take care of. He sends his apologies. Can I fix you a drink? We will be shoving-off as soon as he arrives." The shark-food thought raced through my mind again. We both asked for a beer. Behind us were two vinyl loveseats and Rachel offered for us to sit. I sat in one and Jarrod sat in the other. The three of them sat across from us on a long vinyl sofa. They each had a drink.

I looked at Jarrod as he looked back. He said out loud what we had both been thinking, "What the fuck?" We looked at each of these women for several minutes.

Rachel broke the silence, "We work for Jim. We do odd jobs for him whenever he needs us. He thought you two would like some female company during your cruise this afternoon. He..." She was cut off by a harsh male voice telling her "enough". It was Jim. He had come up from below decks the same way we did. Rachel instantly stopped talking in mid-sentence. A quick mask of fear washed across her face and was gone,

Jim smiled at us and said, "Why don't you ladies go forward so we can talk." Without hesitation, they stood and model-walked in their stilettos down the starboard side. Their hips rocked from side to side as they walked away. I watched them until they were out of sight; anything to make Jim wait.

I slowly pulled my gaze back to Jim who had a pissed-off look on his face. I glanced at Jarrod and we smiled at each other. I shot my right hand out and introduced myself and the fact that I was dating Alexis. Jarrod stuck his hand out and introduced himself and the fact that he was engaged to Dierdre. Jim firmly gripped our hands one at a time. I knew he would attempt to give us the bone-crushing handshake. I gave him back the same pressure as he applied. Jim offered our seats back and he fixed himself a scotch and sat down where the women had been sitting. He said, "I hope you don't mind but I thought you might enjoy some female company for our cruise." The engines revved up and we were already pushing away from the dock. I watched for several moments ignoring Jim's last statement.

We were in the middle of the channel before I turned back to Jim and said, "I love female company; how about you Jarrod?" He took a hit off his beer can and simply nodded. Jim seemed pleased with our responses. 'What is he up to?' I thought. Jim was his usual obnoxious self as we picked up speed. He wasn't the slightest bit interested in knowing anything about us. In no time we were beyond sight of land. Jim picked up a phone built into the arm of his sofa. I hadn't even noticed it. He spoke for only seconds and then he hung up. In less than a minute Rachel, Izzy and Mia came into view again. Rachel sat down close beside me and rested her right hand on my thigh just above my knee. Izzy sat beside Jarrod and did the same thing. Mia sat beside Jim and leaned in and kissed him. He turned toward her to meet her lips.

I watched that interaction and it was becoming clearer were this was going. I looked at Rachel who had a sultry look on her face. She smiled and leaned toward me offering her lips. I hesitated a moment and then leaned toward her to complete the kiss. She ran her tongue over my lips and then pulled away. Jarrod and Izzy were doing the same.

Mia ran her hand into Jim's crotch and squeezed his cock through his pants. He pulled down his zipper and Mia pulled out his cock and bent down and pushed it into her mouth. She immediately started giving him a blowjob. Jarrod and I watched with interest. My cock was blossoming and I assumed Jarrod's was too. Mia reached around behind her neck and untied her bikini top at the neck and then her back and pulled it off letting it drop to the deck. She sat up and swung one leg across Jim's lap and pulled her bikini bottom aside and slid her pussy onto his cock. He groaned as she slowly pushed herself down. Jim put his hands on Mia's waist and lifted her up and down at the pace that he wanted. She picked up on it and started driving herself up and down his shaft with her legs at his pace. Jim never moved after that.

My cock was about to burst through my shorts and Jarrod was already running his hand over the crotch of his pants. Rachel and Izzy alternated their attention between me and Jarrod and Jim and Mia. They were getting horny too as evidenced by their ragged breathing. I glanced quickly around the salon looking for cameras. That was the only reason that this scene made any sense at all. I didn't see anything that I thought might be one. I took another hit off my beer. Jarrod caught my movement and he glanced over at me and mouthed the words, "What the fuck is his game?" I shrugged my shoulders. Our attentions went back to Mia rocking back and forth in Jim's lap.

She was obviously enjoying herself as her head had tilted back and her lips formed an "O" as she muttered, "OOHH OHHH OHHH," over and over again. Jim had moved his hands from her waist to her big fake tits and she held them there with her own hands. With an almost imperceptible glance from Jim at Rachel and Izzy they were off. 

Rachel stripped off her bikini top and bottom and moved in very close to me. Izzy had stripped too and was kneeling on the deck between Jarrod's spread knees. Rachel reached down and unzipped my fly. I didn't resist. I glanced over to watch Izzy push Jarrod's cock into her mouth and start a blowjob. Rachel started to reach into my shorts for my cock but it was already on the way out. When she wrapped her fingers around the girth she gasped and pulled her hand back like she had a snake in her hand. Izzy turned to see what Rachel was gasping about. When she saw my cock she pulled Jarrod's cock from her mouth and mumbled something like, "OH MY GOD." Jarrod laughed until Izzy mouth was on his cock again. He groaned hard as she sank to his balls.

Rachel recovered from her surprise and she started jerking my fatty off with one hand as she moved off the loveseat to the deck on her knees. She's a big girl and her fingers had no problem with the circumference. Her mouth was another story. When she bent forward to guide my cock into her mouth she hesitated and then stretched her lips from side to side trying to force her way on. It slipped away from her lips and slid up her cheek along her nose. She pulled it back and tried again. This time she was successful. She just held it in her lips for several seconds adjusting to the size. Her eyes started watering and frown lines on her forehead formed. It was obvious that she was struggling with my fatty.

After nearly a minute, Rachel eased her mouth back off my cock and flexed her jaw. She had a determined look on her face as I smiled at her. She went for it again and this time she was able to get some blowjob action going. After a couple minutes she was getting more comfortable and from then on her blowjob was more than satisfying. 

I glanced at Jim, who was looking at me and smiling like a Cheshire cat. Mia was bouncing up and down on his lap. Her head seemed like it was attached to her body with bungee-cords. It was flopping all over. Jim had a tight grip on her tits. 'I hope he doesn't break those fun-bags of hers', flashed through my mind. Izzy had slowed her attack on Jarrod's cock. She was fascinated with Rachel's blowjob. 

Izzy stood up and slithered into Jarrod's lap and guided his cock into her pussy. She started rocking back and forth as she took his hands and placed them on her mega-tits. He leaned forward and flicked his tongue on each nipple and she groaned hard.

Rachel had got me about as hard as possible and she pulled her face off and flexed her jaw several times before she stood up to apparently copy Izzy's move. I stopped her forward movement and she looked at me with confusion in her eyes. I pulled myself out of the seat and took her hand and guided her around to the backside of the loveseat. I unbuckled my shorts and let them drop to the deck. I stripped off my shirt and moved behind her and gently nudged her to bend over and grab the back of the seat. I had a fantasy about fucking a gorgeous woman who was as tall as me or even taller. I had never even seen such a woman and here was my chance
