 Alexis and I were so excited. We were leaving the plane and what a flight it was. Stewardess number 1 and 2 were standing at the door ushering people unto the gateway and thanking them for flying their airline. When we got to the door, Stewardess number 1, Janine, stepped forward and leaned in close and whispered, "I hope you and your girlfriend can come to one of our parties." I smiled at her and nodded. 

Inside the arrival gate, the city of Las Vegas didn't waste any time introducing you to the games. Slot machines were everywhere. To cut to the chase, Alexis dragged a quarter through her sopping wet slick pussy lips and dropped it in a machine. She pulled the long handle and won $250,000. Everyone around us was going nuts. The cashier gave us $50K in cash and the rest in a cashier's check. We also won a limo for our stay and a suite at the Bellagio.

The limo driver carried our bags to our ride and he took us on a quick tour of the strip before pulling up to the Hotel's front entrance. The driver opened the door for us and handed me a card and told me to call him when we needed the limo. Our bags were collected and we were ushered directly to the elevator. No check in or anything. We were gawking at everything. The lobby of the Hotel was stunning. Hell, even the elevator was beautifully decorated. When we walked into our room our chins just about bounced off the marble floor in the foyer. It wasn't a room it was several rooms. It was bigger than my parent's home. All of the rooms were huge. The chandeliers were gorgeous. The furniture was amazing and I'm running out of adjectives. The master bedroom was...was.... Well I don't have the words to describe it. We just turned around and around as our eyes tried to take everything in.

After the steward finished his tour he was heading for the door. I caught up to him and handed him a ten dollar bill. He looked at and said, "No sir. Everything and I mean everything is covered by the Hotel during your stay. If there is anything you need just call down to the concierge." He handed me a card. "Enjoy your stay with us."

Alexis rushed up behind me and threw her arms around my chest. I turned in her arms and she had the most excited look on her face. I lifted her up so we were face to face and we both let out a scream. I kissed her hard. What to do first? We decided that we needed to unpack our suitcases so we wouldn't be wearing grossly wrinkled cloths. It hadn't settled in that we could have just thrown away our suitcases and bought all new clothes.

After unpacking it was nearly 1:00 PM. Alexis opened the power curtains in the bedroom and we stood there looking out on the strip as the curtains swept all the way across the room. The famous fountain was right in front of us. There was an incredible view of the Vegas strip. We kissed and Alexis' hand went to the crotch of my pants. My dick pushed back against the pressure of her massaging hand. I led her back to the bed and nudged her backward until she lay face up on the bed. She came up to her elbows so she could watch what I was going to do. She had that look on her face that I had become so accustomed to. It was a mixture of lascivious and sultry -- double horny.

I looked down at her for a moment and then I moved my legs between her knees and bent down and kissed her sensuous lips. Her breathing was already labored. Our tongues intertwined. As our body heat ramped up I could smell the odor of sex on us from our escapades on the plane. I broke the kiss and stood up. Alexis yanked her skirt up in the air so that it fluttered back down with the hem above her sex. She was soaking wet. My cock pushed hard on my zipper. Alexis sat all the way up and pulled my zipper to the bottom. My cock immediately pushed outward and hit Alexis in the nose. She giggled as she grabbed it to prevent it from continuing to slap her face as it bobbed up and down. 

Alexis lifted my cock to my stomach and bent in and sucked my left testicle into her mouth. She took suction on it and pulled her face back until it popped from her lips. She repeated this on the other testicle. The sensation was incredible and I moaned loudly. I looked down at her beautiful face with my testicle imbedded in her mouth. She looked up past my cock and smiled. She popped that testicle and then lapped her broad tongue the full length of my cock and licked lightly around the glans. Then she pulled my cock down to her lips.

Alexis stretched her lips over my glans and held it right there with her lips at the ridge as she started unbuttoning her blouse. It dropped to the bed. She unsnapped her bra and let that fall on top of her blouse. She cradled her tits and lifted them as she began tweaking both nipples with her hands. They were hard and the nipples were erect. Both hands came up to my cock and started a slow, gentle stroking from her mouth, locked at the glans, to my balls. I groaned again. She had not taken her eyes off mine since she started. She loved sucking my cock and it always showed on her face. 

I was wrestling with whether to cum in her mouth or not. She knew I would be able to give her everything she wanted. She made up my mind for me as she began a rapid pace blowjob that transitioned into a throatjob to a handjob and around again. Several cycles later my hips started thrusting into her face. I thought I was going to go down again but I rested my hands on her head to steady myself. I never held Alexis' face and face-fucked her, unless she wanted me too of course. I offered no restriction to her bobbing head. There was nothing that I wanted that she wasn't giving me. "What an amazing cock-sucker,' I thought.

Cum surged up my shaft as Alexis pulled back to the ridge again and accepted my load. She swallowed as fast as she could so she wouldn't be overwhelmed. I was muttering, "OOHH FUUCCKKK....OOOHHHH FUUCCKKK...OHHH FFUCCKK." I looked down again and she was smiling broadly around the tip of my cock as she struggled to swallow. She sucked on my cock even after I was done firing my load. My cock was just as hard now as when we started. She eased her lips back off and licked the remaining cum from the 'eye' and then pushed her mouth back on and lathed the shaft with her tongue. When she released it again, I stepped back and stripped off my pants and then my shirt. Alexis watched me as her fingers were furiously fucking her pussy and stroking her clitoris.

I bent over Alexis and lifted her off the bed with her legs outside of mine. She wrapped them around my waist as I walked her into the living room and set her ass down on the top of the grand piano. She leaned herself back and braced her torso with her arms. She released her legs and I pulled her skirt off. She looked around the room and said, "Good choice." I move my hard cock forward and gently pushed it into her sopping wet pussy. She groaned as I pushed in further. She threw her legs around my waist again and pulled hard causing me to staggered forward sinking my thick cock all the way to the bottom of her pussy. She gritted her teeth and sucked air through them, "SSSSHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIII." 

I leaned down and kissed her passionately on the lips and proceeded to fuck her hard. She moaned, "OOOOHHH... OHHH. YEEEAHHHH BABBBYYY. GGGIIVVVEEE ITTT ALL TOOO MMMMEEE." I set up a steady rhythm of pulling my cock all the way out so that my glans just kept her labia spread to allow me to jam it back in with as little maneuvering and resistance as possible. She yelped on each thrust as she muttered, "OH FUCCKKK, YEEEAAHH BAABBBYYY. SPLIT ME OPEN WITH THAT FATTY." I increased my pace and began groaning right along with her. 

Alexis slid her ass toward the edge to regain her original position. I had been pummeling her backward. I had her thighs in my hands holding them up and she took advantage of this by pushing herself off the piano with my cock buried to the hilt. She threw her arms around my neck and pulled her torso to mine. I hardly missed a beat as I continued to fuck her as I held her there in mid-air. 

I looked around the spacious area and walked toward the floor to ceiling windows in the living room and pushed her ass up against one of the panes and resumed fucking her pussy at a furious pace. Alexis was continuously screaming. She leaned her head back against the window and moaned hard as her facial muscles and tendons in her neck all pulled tight. Her hips flared hard in counter-motion to mine. Her pussy clamped hard on my cock and then released. My own orgasm was moments away and her clenching pussy pulled it from me. She had clasped her feet behind me and was using the leverage to slam her pussy onto my cum spewing cock. I kept fucking her until her spasms subsided. She released her feet to let herself drop but my cock was still hard so she was just hanging there until I lifted her up and off and lowered her to the floor. I kissed her tits on their way by. She slid down my body to her knees and sucked my cock back into her throat. She lathed it with her tongue until there was no hint of the taste of cum. She stood back up and kissed both pectoral muscle. I kissed her forehead and held her tight to me.

Once we separated, Alexis said, "Hey, let's go do some shopping." I would normally not want anything to do with shopping but I had had a plan to buy Alexis some certain lingerie ever since I saw Heather in her garter and nylons. Alexis pawed through the clothes that she had packed. She turned her naked body to me and said, "If we are going to go to the Stewardesses party I don't have anything appropriate to wear."

I responded, "You can get anything you want, but I suspect that wearing nothing will be appropriate for their parties." I moved up behind her as she was bent over a dresser drawer. I pushed my mostly hard cock between her thighs below her pussy. She started laughing when she looked down and it looked like the cock sticking up from her crotch was hers. I reached around her and cradled both tits and said, "We aren't going anywhere until we have a shower. We reek of sex." She giggled and tightened her thighs on my cock and pivoted her hips forward and back a few times. I pulled my cock out and spun her around. I lifted her up so I could kiss her and said, "I love you."

Alexis stretched up with her tits dragging on my chest to return the kiss. She said, "I love you too." I picked her up and carried her to the bathroom. We hadn't gone in the bathroom on the tour and we were stunned by the gold accessories everywhere we looked. The shower was nearly as big as my bedroom at home. There were ten shower heads at all levels. The faucets were gold, or at least gold tone. What the hell did I know? I lowered Alexis to the floor and we took in the sights together. She said, "Jesus Christ. Look at this bathroom. The floor and walls were all marble. Even the toilet was electronically controlled.

It was a good thing I was a 'techy'. You needed a degree in engineering to figure out how to run the shower. I figured it out though. The water pressure from the ten shower heads was strong and we had to cluster together in the middle to shield each other. Four shower heads were at waist level and four were cascading down from high on the walls and two were directly overhead. We had to figure out how to squirt the body wash into our hands and wash ourselves before it was all washed away. I washed Alexis' hair and body and she squealed when I pushed my finger into her anus and when I washed her pussy, inside and out. I groaned mostly while she washed me and spent most of the time concentrating on jerking me off with soapy hands. As she was washing my balls she realized that I was about to cum and she turned me so a shower head washed my cock off and she pushed her mouth onto the glans and actually grinned around my cock as I came hard. She gulped it all down and licked the 'eye' before she stood and stretched up to kiss me. The little minx pushed some of the remaining cum from her mouth into mine. It was a little bitter and funky tasting. She pulled back and giggled at my reaction.

We shutdown the shower and dried off in the most luxurious towels I had ever used. Alexis spent a while reapplying her makeup and then dressed in a cotton summer dress. I watched to see if she would put on underwear or not. She did, but it was a thong, so she sort of did. I pulled out a pair of shorts and a knit shirt and pulled them on. As for underwear, I didn't wear any. I was going to be ready to go whenever and wherever. After all, 'What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.' Right? While Alexis was finishing getting ready I called the concierge to have our limo ready out front.

The limo was there where we expected it. The driver was holding open the door as we piled in and sat in the front facing seats. There was room for four or five people on the left side and a long bar was on our right. I said, "Hey look, a bar, just for us. Do you want to do anymore research on the taste of cum after drinking alcohol?" Alexis playfully punched me on the arm and then kissed me on the same spot. Alexis explained to the driver that we wanted to go high-end clothes shopping. She had ten grand in her purse. The rest was in our safe in the room with the check for two hundred grand.

The driver's name was George and he told us he would take us to 'Crystals at City Center' which was just around the corner. We could have walked but it was over a hundred degrees out. He dropped us off at the front entrance. We walked inside hand in hand and looked at a guide display of stores and locations. I only had one interest but I went along without protest. Alexis' eyes were wide with awe as we went from store to store. She tried on several outfits and came out of the dressing areas to show me. She looks incredible in anything and nothing but I admit that when she came out in some of the outfits, I was in awe too. She dragged me from Versace, to Louis Vuitton, to Jimmy Choos, to Prada, etc., etc.. The stilettos she bought at Jimmy Choos added four inches to her height and made her stand in such a way that my cock pushed hard on my zipper. 

I looked for the things I was interested in all of these stores and didn't see anything 'slutty enough', for lack of a better description. I was carrying bags and so was Alexis. We carried it all back to the limo and I asked George to take me to a Victoria's Secret store and off we went. Alexis was looking at me with a confused look on her face and finally asked, "Is there something particular you want there?" 

I nodded and said, "I'll let you know when I see it. I didn't see what I was looking for in any of those stores."

At our next stop I found exactly what I wanted. Alexis was laughing hard when she saw what it was. She didn't think I was serious but I was. She helped me find her size and I asked her to try it on. She gave me one of those looks which raised my cock again and stepped into the changing area. We didn't have anyone helping us so we were the only ones anywhere near the changing area.

When Alexis stepped out of the changing rooms and was satisfied that there wasn't a bunch of people around she posed in her bright red bralet (that's what she called it). It offered no support but she didn't need any. It had sheer lace that ran from the cups over her shoulders. She wore matching thong panties and a matching garter-belt connected to lace topped nylons. My cock went steel hard and Alexis noticed my condition. She motioned me to come over. I struggled with the position of my cock in my pants as I walked over to her. She asked, "Do you like it, or is that a sock in your pocket?" She looked around again and when I pulled her close to kiss her she unzipped my pants and reached inside and struggled a bit to pull my hard cock out. 

She said, "There's no one in the changing rooms. Can you help me?" She pulled me by my cock into the changing area and down to the last room. I couldn't take my hands off her as she slithered around in her sexy outfit. She turned her back to me and pushed her ass back and rubbed my cock from side to side. She turned back around and ran her hand up and down my exposed shaft without wrapping her fingers around it. She was teasing me unmercifully and I was so horny I thought I would cum without any physical contact. That had never happened before. The outfit seemed to be having the same affect on Alexis. Her face had reddened and her breathing was getting ragged. 

Alexis slid her thong down her legs and stood back and let me look at her. Her nipples were pressing hard on the lace bralet and her naked pussy was glistening with moisture. She had that look on her face as she pouted up her lips and licked sexily around them. She was doing the teasing so I decided I would wait for her to make the first move as we just gazed at each other. I wanted to fuck her so bad in that outfit that my cock was aching.

Alexis made the move. She model-walked across the small room and pressed herself up to me. She raised her face to me. She had the sultriest look on her face. I bent down and kissed her hard on the lips and pulled her body into mine. My cock was pressed between us. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled herself up. I picked her up by the waist and instead of dropping her onto my cock like she expected, I rotated her body so her thighs were on my shoulders. Her hands went to my ass-cheeks and she pulled her mouth onto my cock. She struggled to get it in but she'd had enough practice. I bent my head and dipped my tongue into her bubbling pussy and Alexis groaned around my cock. She pivoted her hips to drive her pussy along my tongue. I found her clit and went to work on it. 

Alexis pulled her face all the way down my cock so the head was in her throat and held it there for a moment before pulling back. She did this over and over again. She was breathing irregularly around my huge pole. She opened her mouth as wide as she could and rapidly fucked my cock, "AAAAAWWWKKKK AAAWWWKKK AWWKKK." My tongue was slashing up and down her pussy lips, teasing her clitoris on each sweep. Then I drove my curled up tongue as deep into her as I could. Her head pulled off my cock and she let out a loud groan and muttered, "OOOHHH FFUUCCKK," several times before shoving her mouth back on it.

My orgasm came on quickly. There was no building to a crescendo like usual. Just all of a sudden I was cumming. Alexis was caught off guard too and she wasn't prepared for what she got. I thought I was exploding. I let out a loud groan as the first long spurt of cum shot into Alexis' mouth. She had the glans all the way in her throat when it arrived. She immediately gagged and pulled off the head. She grabbed my cock and aimed it toward the floor. It streamed across her forehead and hanging hair. Subsequent strong surges were aimed lower and went directly to the floor.

I had lost concentration on her pussy until my orgasm passed. My cock was still hard and Alexis pulled it back into her mouth. I went back to sucking and tongue-fucking her pussy. She pulled her head back and said, "Baby, I want to cum on your cock and you'd better hurry because I can feel it coming." I spun her around in my arms again and with my hands on her ass-cheeks I lowered her pussy down onto the head of my cock. She wiggled her ass from side to side and pivoted her hips to get the angle right and I lowered her down the length of my cock. She had wrapped her legs around me and as she descended she pulled hard to impale herself. I helped her lift back up and then descended again and that was all she needed to roll into an incredibly hard orgasm. She threw her arms around my neck and pulled to drive her pussy up and down my cock. I gazed down at her dazed facial expressions. Her muscles clamped hard and released over and over again. 

When her vigorous movements settled down, her face was resting against my chest. Her pussy randomly clamped on my cock. I was getting tired of holding her up but I'd stand here like this for eternity if necessary. She looked up at me and said, "Um, can you help get me off this thing." I laughed and lifted her up until my cock spilled out of her. Gobs of vaginal juices flowed close behind and added to my cum on the floor. She stood back and said, "So you do like the outfit." We both laughed.
