 After Alexis left to drop off her girlfriends after she had hosted a smoking hot post graduation party, Emma and I had fucked and sucked each other until neither of us could move. I lay sprawled on my back with a pillow over my face. After Emma had sucked yet another load of cum from my cock I was just starting to breath normally again. Emma had collapsed off to my right side. She turned herself around and cuddled up beside me with her head on my stomach and her right tit resting on my thigh. She had thrown her right leg over my right leg. She kissed each of my abdominal muscles and then closed her eyes.

I lay there thinking about the amazing sex with Emma. The constant sex with Alexis' girlfriends the day before was a blur but the flash of images in my mind was having its affect on my libido. Before Emma could drift off to sleep, my cock sprang up off my left hip and slapped her hard in the face. Emma giggled and reached up and pushed the bouncing cock into her mouth and just held it there with her lips tight around the ridge. She cupped my balls in her right hand. She didn't instigate any sexual activity. She just held my cock in her mouth and my balls in her hand. I was exhausted and drifted off to sleep and into an erotic dream.

.........

When Alexis got home from dropping off her girlfriends she was glad that Hunter's van was still in the driveway. She had been reminiscing about last night as she drove and she was feeling very horny. She had pushed her hand inside her shorts and was gently flicking her index finger on her clit. She was anticipating some three way sex with Hunter and her mother. She didn't even spend a moment looking for them when she walked in the house. She was sure she knew where they were.

As she came up the curved stair case, she expected to be hearing the sounds of sex, but all was quiet. She smiled broadly when she walked into her mother's bedroom to find them entwined with Hunter's cock in Emma's mouth. She thought her mother was sucking his cock but there was no movement and no sounds. Alexis walked up to the bed and realized they were both asleep. Emma's face was covered with semi-dried cum. 

Alexis smiled and retreated from Emma's bedroom and went down the hall to her own. She stripped out of her clothes and retrieved her 35 mm camera from her closet. She hadn't used it in years but remembered that it contained slide film. She returned to Emma's bedroom and framed several close-up camera shots of her mother's face with Hunter's fat cock, which was nearly the size of a Michelob Ultra beer can, locked between her lips and cum all over her face. Hunter's face was not visible because of the pillow over his head and only his cock was in frame anyway.

After taking the pictures she took the camera back to her room. Alexis decided that she would see if anyone had the energy left for a romp. Alexis' pussy had been leaking juices ever since the drive home. She stood beside Emma's bed fingering her pussy as she contemplated how she should inject herself into the action. Finally, she just climbed up on the bed and moved up closed to Emma's face. She gently sucked Hunter's left testicle into her mouth and pulled. Emma's eyes opened and she smiled broadly around Hunter's cock and then pulled off. She bent down and kissed Alexis on the nose and whispered, "Hey baby, you're back. We fucked and sucked ourselves to exhaustion."

.........

The sensation of sucking on my testicles pulled me awake and I pulled the pillow off my face. I looked down to see what Emma was doing now and realized that it was Alexis. She smiled around my ball-sack when she noticed that I was watching her. I could only see the back of Emma's head but the sensation of her mouth pushing back onto my cock was unmistakable. Her tongue lathed all around the ridge and I groaned from her attack. I could see Alexis' smile at her mother from my reaction. 

Alexis said to Emma, "You can have that for a minute but I really need it soon." She pushed a hand between her mother's thighs and began lightly strumming her clitoris and then inserted several fingers inside her pussy. Emma let out a soft moan around my cock. With Alexis' other hand she reached up and ran her fingers along Emma's cheek collecting a glob of cum. She pushed her cum covered fingers into the corner of Emma's mouth and let her lick them clean as she lathed my cock.

Emma pulled back and said, "I must be a pretty picture. What an awful mess I am. I was so exhausted I forgot all about being covered in cum." Alexis collected another glob and pulled her lips from my balls and shoved her cum covered finger into her own mouth. Emma ran her hand over her cheek to see how bad it was and what she collected she wiped on Alexis' lower lip. Alexis immediately sucked her lip into her mouth and then went back to sucking and licking my balls. Emma pushed my cock back in her mouth.

Emma was now fully engaged in sucking my cock and apparently Alexis didn't want her mother getting any more of whatever I had left to give. She pushed Emma back away from my cock which popped from her mouth with a loud smack. Emma was forced down on her back beside me and Alexis moved between Emma's legs and lowered her tits to overlay Emma's tits. Alexis' tits were smaller than Emma's but Alexis' larger body frame allowed for a perfect alignment of their nipples. All four nipples were rock hard and Emma reached up with both hands and began tweaking them between her thumbs and index fingers. 

I moved down the bed so I could see both of these gorgeous women engaged in lesbian sex. Alexis pushed her pussy down on Emma's as they kissed passionately. Her fingers were moving like pistons pushing deeply into Emma's pussy as she used her thumb to rub her own clitoris. My cock was insanely hard watching these two. When Alexis looked over and saw my cock she pulled her lips from her mother's and in a low pitched, guttural voice that sounded like some demonic possession from deep inside said, "I need that cock in me right now."

I didn't hesitate as I immediately pushed myself up on my hands and knees and moved to position myself between Emma's spread legs. Alexis' knees were together between Emma's legs and she didn't separate them in anticipation of receiving my cock. I pushed up close behind Alexis as she lifted her hips to invite me in. Her vaginal juices were dripping down her thighs to the bed below.

Jesus, I was horny and my cock felt like it would split open from the pressure. Alexis dropped her torso back down to continue kissing her mother as Emma continued her assault on their nail hard nipples. I ran my hand up Alexis' left thigh to collect her lubrication and then took my cock and stroked it a few times before gently pressing it to Alexis' engorged pussy lips. I pressed forward slowly allowing her to adjust to the girth of my cock. When she felt it inch into her, she pulled back from Emma's lips and let out a low pitched groan that increased in pitch as I pushed forward. When I was buried in her pussy all the way to my balls she was screaming at a pitch only dogs could hear. Her mouth was wide open and Emma was grinning at the wild contortions of Alexis' facial muscles. When I started to pull back to begin a fucking motion, Alexis groaned, "JESUS. FUCCKKK. TOO BIGGG." When I pushed back in to start a slow, steady fucking motion, Alexis' mouth hung open as she continuously muttered, "AAHHH....AHHHH.....AHHH."

Emma shoved her hips up to remind Alexis that she was finger fucking her and Alexis responded by pushing her fingers in and out of her mother's pussy. Emma groaned at the renewed ministrations. I hooked my fingers into Alexis' hips and used the leverage to ramp up my fucking pace and in less than ten strokes into this new pace Alexis exploded into a massive orgasm. She let out a loud scream that expelled every bit of air from her lungs. She inhaled quickly and screamed out another expulsion of air. Her hips flailed forward and back several times. Her pussy was clamping down so hard on my cock that she literally pulled my orgasm out of me.

When my first surge of cum rocketed up my cock and into Alexis' pussy, she yelled loudly, "OOOHHH FFFUCCCKKKK. I'MMM REEEAALLY CCCUUUMMMMINNGGGG." With that her squirt juices surged past my cock and sprayed over my balls, legs and the bed. I pulled my cock out in mid-shot and laid a long rope of cum across Alexis' back. As I shot rope after rope of cum unto her ass and back, she shot long streams of her own juices across the bed. 

Alexis had given up on the assault of Emma's pussy so Emma took over for herself and she joined in the orgasm train with her own. She pulsed her hips up into Alexis' pussy. Her head rolled from side to side as her orgasm took control of her. We were all moaning and groaning.

I finished my orgasm first and sat back on my feet to watch smaller surges of a clear watery fluid eject from Alexis' pussy and the intense clamping of her labia like a fish gasping for air. I could see Emma's pussy doing the same thing. She didn't squirt though. 

When we had all settled down Alexis collapsed on the bed beside Emma. Emma rolled toward her and cradled Alexis' face to her chest. I sat back on the soaked bedspread and watched my two ladies in their embrace. Alexis' face was buried in Emma's neck and shoulder and when I noticed that her body was wracking slightly I knew she was crying hard. I moved up the bed and looked at Emma with concern on my face. Emma was gently rubbing Alexis' back and she smiled at me. I said, "What happened? Is she alright?" Emma just nodded. I guess woman to woman she knew what was going on. As a guy, I had no clue. I sat there close but not touching either Alexis or Emma. They were having a moment, I guess. I was confused.

When Alexis' shoulders stopped wracking, Emma ran her fingers through Alexis' hair and along her face soothing her. After a few minutes of that Alexis giggled into her mother's neck and said, "Wow, I have no idea where all that came from. I was just overcome with emotions. I'm OK." She turned and looked at my look of concern with tears on her cheeks and said, "It's OK Hunter. I'm fine." Emma smiled up at me and mouthed the words, "later." We disentangled our bodies and pushed ourselves to the floor. We headed for the bathroom for a much needed shower. I had a fleeting thought about work but it was too late to go clean the town pool. There would be a hundred bodies in the water by now. I decided that I was free until I was supposed to clean Olivia's pool at 2:00 PM. I would deal with the town pool tomorrow.

Half way across the bedroom we heard the front door slam shut. We stopped dead in our tracks. Emma had a terrified look on her face as her eyes darted everywhere. Emma quickly collected herself and said, "That can't be Jim. He would come through the garage door into the kitchen." It was obvious she wasn't completely sure that was true.

Moments later we heard a female voice yelling, "Emma. Mom? Are you home?" Emma released her breath with a "Phew." I recognized the voice as Alexis' half-sister, Dierdre. Relief was apparent on both Alexis' and Emma's faces. Alexis smiled and headed for the door. Emma grabbed her arm to stop her.

Emma whispered, "You two go down to your room and get your clothes on. I'll throw on a robe and go downstairs." She looked at Alexis and smiled and continued, "You two should take a shower before coming down. You're covered in cum and you reek of sex."

I grabbed up my clothes that I had discarded on the chair by the door and quickly followed a naked Alexis down the hall to her room. Emma grabbed a bathrobe from the back of the bathroom door and threw it around her shoulders. She inserted her arms and cinched up the sash. Barefoot she headed down the stairs just as Dierdre stepped onto the bottom stair heading up.

..........

Emma swept down the stairs to greet her step-daughter, Dee. They hugged each other at the bottom of the stairs and kissed each other on both cheeks. They were both all smiles until they pulled back from one another and Dee had an odd look on her face. Emma said, "Dee, honey. It's lovely to see you. Follow me to the kitchen. I need some coffee. Would you like a cup?"

Dee hesitated a moment as Emma swept past her heading for the kitchen but then she followed. She said, "Sure Mom. I'd love a cup." Dee sat down at the kitchen table and watched Emma preparing two cups of coffee. When Emma set two cups on the table and sat down across from Dee; Dee said, "Mom, it's nearly noon. You are never in bed this late. What's going on?"

Emma responded, "Well, yesterday was Alexis' post graduation party with her girl friends from school. They slept over last night and Alexis drove them home this morning. It was a long day and night." She ran her hands through her hair and only then realized that she must look like Albert Einstein or something. She took a long sip from her cup and then looked back up and Dee.

Dee had a smile on her face as she looked at her step-mother. She simply said, "Oh yes. I forgot. I hope everyone had a great time." The smile returned to Dee's face as she closely watched Emma's face.

Emma smiled back. She knew that Dee knew something was up. "Everyone had a wonderful time." She looked down at her cup and took another sip. Dee hadn't touched hers.

Dee leaned forward and said, "Mom. What's going on? Something's going on. Tell me. Whatever it is, you know I would never tell Dad anything. Where is he anyway?" The multiple questions gave Emma an out and she chose to answer the second question.

"Your Dad has been in the city all week at some conference. He popped home mid-week to get his tuxedo and then went straight back. I'm surprised he didn't find some time to see you. He should have. We never see you since you moved to the city. How have you been? How is that new boyfriend of yours?"

Emma was starting to babble with questions to avoid answering Dee's so she stopped and just sat there pondering her cup of coffee. She looked over at Dee's untouched cup and said, "Is the coffee too strong? You haven't touched it."

Dee reached both hands across the table and placed them on Emma's hands still wrapped around the cup. She bent low to get Emma to look at her. "Mom. You're babbling. What is going on?"

Emma collected herself a little and said, "What do you mean? Nothing is going on. I'm just tired from being up all night with a house full of girls. I was sleeping in." Emma's mind was going a mile a minute trying not to say the wrong thing. She didn't realize that she was busted long before this conversation started and it all unraveled quickly.

Dee gently squeezed Emma's hands and said, "Ok Mom. Is Alexis home from dropping off her friends?"

Emma made a decision to lie to Dee's simple question. "Umm, no. I don't think so."

Dee smiled at Emma and said, "Mom. First of all, why is Hunter's van in the driveway? The engine is stone cold so he has been here for some time; probably since yesterday's party. Second, your face is covered with dried cum and you smell like a brothel. If Alexis isn't here then it's more than likely that you have been fucking Hunter since she left. Does she know that you've been fucking her boyfriend?"

..............

Emma's eyes were flashing everywhere in the room as though she were looking for a place to escape to. She was silent for more than a minute as Dee watched her. Emma apparently had made the decision to answer Dee's questions and was about to respond when Alexis and I walked into the kitchen hand in hand. I was dressed in my cargo shorts, the red pizza delivery t-shirt and sneakers. Alexis was dressed in shorts and a silk blouse with no bra and no shoes.

Alexis pulled a chair up beside Emma and I sat down beside Dee who looked up at me. I said, "Good morning Dee. It's great to see you again." She had a smug look on her face as she turned back to look at Alexis and Emma, who were both looking at her. Dee pulled her hands back from Emma's and folded them on the table.

Alexis spoke up, "Dee. Everything you just said to Mom is true. Hunter has been here since yesterday's party and he and Mom were having sex since I left to drive my friends home. I got back an hour ago and joined them. Mom is covered in Hunter's cum and so am I." Alexis told the whole story about meeting Hunter in Olivia's bedroom with his cock buried in Emma's mouth. She capped the story with yesterday's orgy without details.

Dee didn't say a word for many moments when Alexis finished her tale. She looked over at Emma and then she looked up at me. I couldn't tell what was going through her mind. We were all basically holding our breaths waiting for Dee to say something. She glanced at Alexis and then back up at me and said with a huge grin on her face, "Well, it sounds like you have a hell of a work out. Do you have anything left in that wonderful cock of yours for me?"

Alexis burst out laughing and Emma followed suit. The tension was broken. Alexis looked at me across the table with a 'well, do you have anything left' look on her face. Dee looked down at my crotch and broke into a huge grin when the front of my cargo shorts lifted. She reached over and unzipped my fly. My cock sprang up out of my shorts and Dee immediately wrapped her fingers around the girth. It was too fat for her fingers to meet on the circumference. Dee groaned as she started jerking me off. I groaned too as I leaned back in my chair.

Dee looked at Alexis and said, "Oh fuck, Alexis. I have dreamed about this cock ever since your visit."

Emma said, "It is a nice one, that's for sure."

Alexis said, "Why don't you two go upstairs and enjoy yourselves in some privacy?"

Dee responded, "If you don't mind, I want to do this right here in front of you two. I have always wanted to get fucked in this kitchen." We all burst out laughing again.

Emma simply said, "Like mother like daughter." Alexis got up and moved around behind me and dragged my chair back from the table to make room for Dee who slid off her chair to her knees and moved between my legs. She struggled to get my cock into her mouth but she sure knew what to do with it then. She ran her tongue all around the ridge and soft velvety head. Both hands were traveling up and down in a counter-corkscrew fashion that was driving me crazy. Alexis and Emma dragged their chairs around the table to get a good view. It wasn't long before Emma separated her robe and began fingering her own pussy. Alexis had unbuckled her shorts and had one hand down inside fingering hers.

Dee looked up at me as she began forcing her mouth down the length of my cock. She stopped before she gagged and then pulled all the way back off again. She flexed her lips and said, "Do you think you can go twice? I want you to cum in my mouth and then I want you to cum in my pussy." She pushed her mouth back down over the head and started into a most glorious blowjob. I was in heaven as I watched this whole scene in front of me.

Emma was the first to explode into her orgasm as she slid off her chair and seemed to slump to the floor in slow motion like she was some viscous fluid oozing from the chair to the floor. She kept right on frigging herself as her hips pulsed back and forth. Her mouth hung open as one long continuous "OHHHHHHHHHHH" erupted from her throat. When she recovered she reached up and pulled Alexis out of her chair and pulled her shorts down over her hips. Her underwear went with them. She maneuvered Alexis around to sit on her face. Alexis was soaking wet and vaginal juices flowed freely down Emma's chin and neck to the floor. Alexis was facing Dee and me as she squirmed her hips around on her mother's face. She didn't want to miss a thing. Her mouth hung open as she made a guttural groan, "UUUNNNNGGGGG".

Dee's blowjob was amazing. It was every bit as great as Emma's or Alexis' blowjobs. They obviously learned their techniques from Emma. I was trying to hold back to savor every second but Dee was furiously sucking my orgasm out of me and I could feel my balls tighten in preparation to launch my seed. She recognized the symptoms and she doubled down on her effort to extract every ounce. In seconds she got what she wanted as I fired my hips up into her face. My cock went past her gag point and she reflexively pulled back. I launched six long ropes of cum into Dee's mouth as she locked her lips around the ridge. She didn't swallow, as she thought she could collect it all in her mouth and then show me. She was wrong and as her cheeks started to bulge and her eyes went wide, cum spurted from the corners of her mouth. She collected the escaped cum in her hands.
