 After spending the night in a king sized bed between Emma and her daughter, Alexis, and now sitting naked in Emma's husband's home office as my two beautiful ladies writhed around on his desk eating my cum from each other's pussies, I had to get to work. It was Monday morning and I hated to disturb them; but I did. One of them was my ride to my van. Alexis broke away from their sixty-nine and Emma curled up in a fetal position on her side atop the desk. 

As I waited for Alexis to get some clothes on I couldn't help but wonder if Emma would clean the top of the desk before her husband Jim used it again. There was cum everywhere. There were clearly some issues between them but I figured there was no way Emma was going to overtly announce that she had been fucking some other guy on his desk and blow the 'good life' even if it was a 'bad life'.

Alexis dropped me off by my van parked at the gate by the Town Pool. We kissed passionately and my cock rose quickly. Alexis noticed it pushing up the nylon shorts and she pinched the head lightly. She reminded me that her step-father would be away all week.

I got out of her car and watched as she backed out and drove off. When she was out of sight, I walked around the van and noticed a Mercedes SUV parked on the passenger side. I hadn't noticed it when Alexis drove in and parked on the driver's side. I recognized the car and the beautiful platinum blonde woman sitting in it. It was Olivia. She smiled up through the windshield when she saw me. She rolled down her driver's side window and started to say something. I didn't give her a chance. I bent low at her door and leaned my head in and kissed her hard on the lips. She grabbed my face and held me there as she kissed me all over my face.

I pulled back slightly and gazed into her gorgeous face and said, "Good morning beautiful."

She burst out laughing and crying at the same time. "I was sure you just hated me after that thing with my sister. Hunter, baby, I'm so........" I cut her off in mid-sentence as I planted my lips back on hers. I could taste the salty tears on her lips.

I said, "Olivia, you don't have to apologize. It wasn't your fault. I was angry, but not with you." I kissed her again and she responded with some heat. She started to breathe very heavy. 

She pulled back and with our noses nearly touching she said, "Do you have time? I've missed you terribly. God forgive me, but I need you in me." She spread her legs slightly and pushed a hand up her skirt and into her pussy. She didn't linger there. She pulled her hand right back out to show me how wet she was. I took her hand and sucked each finger into my mouth one at a time as I stared into her eyes. She watched the first finger disappear into my mouth. As I swirled my tongue around it, her eyes closed and she blew out a sigh and said, "Oh fuck. You make me so horny. If you do that again I'm gonna cum." She didn't say that as a challenge but as a statement of fact.

I sucked her middle finger into my mouth as I continued staring directly into her eyes. She wasn't kidding. Another long sigh escaped her lungs and then her torso pulsed forward and snapped back. Her face tightened into a mask as she bit down on her lower lip. Her mouth burst open and she moaned, "OOOHHH OOHHH OHHH," over and over again as an orgasm crashed over her. I moved on to the next finger and she groaned out softly, "Ohhh Fucccckk," as she continued to pulse her body forward and back in the driver's seat. I noticed that her legs pushed out straight and then her knees flew back past the steering wheel as she fidgeted in her seat. She couldn't stand it anymore and her other hand pulled up her skirt to expose her bare pussy. She shoved all four fingers into her pussy. Vaginal fluids had soaked her skirt and a huge wet spot was visible between her thighs.

I finished sucking her little finger clean of her juices as she rode her orgasm down. She was gasping for air as she pulled her hand out of her pussy. It was dripping with her juices. I looked at her hand and then at her face as she watched to see what I was going to do. I said, "Now look at that. You've gone and got your other hand all wet." I took the second hand in mine and repeated my actions. She just watched and grinned at me until her little finger on that hand was clean.

Olivia said, "I need that wonderful cock of yours. It looks like it is going to burst through your shorts any second." I looked down and she was correct. I wanted to pull it out and shove it between her pouty full lips right there but it was just too risky, especially for her, right out there in public. I was too horny to yield completely to risk though as I pulled open her car door and helped her out. Her pussy was on full display as she swiveled her legs out. She looked down and giggled when she saw where I was looking.

My first thought was that the best course of action was to unlock my van and slide the door open and fuck her on the yoga mat in the back and I had my keys out. Then I thought, 'How about something different?' and I pushed the keys back into the back pocket of my shorts. She looked at me with a confused look on her face as she had apparently thought we were getting in the van too.

I smiled at her and motioned for her to follow me. I unlocked the gate in the fence surrounding the pool and pushed it open enough to pass through. Olivia followed me through and I locked the gate behind me. I unlocked the front door to the support building and led her down the hallway to the men's locker room. I pushed it open and led her inside. Olivia was looking around the room apparently looking for some relatively private place that we could fuck. I smiled at her because I knew exactly where the perfect spot was.

I led her all the way to the back of the locker room and pushed open a wooden door that said "SPA" on it. Her eyes lit up and went wide. A huge grin spread across her face and she said, "We'll be able to work up a sweat in there." Since the day we met, I knew that Olivia was turned on by the smell and taste of a man's sweat.

We walked in and I shut the door behind her. It was swelteringly hot in the spa as it was on a timer set to come on a half-hour earlier. I turned on the light and looked at the thermometer mounted on the wall. It read 180 degrees. 

Olivia crushed her body up into mine and kissed me very passionately. Sweat was breaking out on my brow before we broke our kiss. She pulled my tee-shirt over my head and pressed her face to my chest. Her hands caressed my ripped pectoral muscles and then ran down over each individual abdominal muscle. She continued with her hands tour and dug her fingernails into my back muscles and then down into my shorts where she squeezed my butt-cheeks. She kissed each of the nearly healed wounds on my chest left over from Jemma's attack. It was like a mother kissing a child's boo-boo to make it better.

Sweat was beginning to break out all over my body as I ran my hands down her gorgeous body and unzipped her skirt. It fell to the floor and she was naked from the waist down. I unbuttoned her blouse while she was flicking her tongue on my hardening nipples. She let the blouse fall to the floor which was followed quickly by her bra. Olivia pressed her naked tits up against my stomach. I could feel her erect nipples as they slid down my body. As she bent lower, her tits arrived at my rock hard cock and she clamped them around the shaft with her hands and started giving me a tit-job. 

After a minute or so she dropped down to a squat position and wrapped her hand around my cock and stroked it full length several times before she pushed her mouth onto it. As always, she stretched her mouth from side to side to get the thickness in. Then she started bobbing her head up and down as I groaned with pleasure. Her two hands began working up and down the shaft along with her mouth as she descended to her gag point and pulled back. She moved one hand off my cock and cradled my balls in her palm as she worked my testicles with her fingers.

Olivia mixed up her attack as she pulled her mouth off the shaft and licked down the underside to my balls and back up again. She slid her open mouth along the side of my shaft and back along the other side. She sucked one testicle into her mouth and pushed it around with her tongue. She giggled, as always, when it moved in response to her manipulations. She repeated on the other one and then went back down the shaft and tongue lathed my cock as she increased the pace of her blowjob. I was in heaven and so was she.

After several minutes, I could feel my impending orgasm building rapidly and when it blew, Olivia had already locked her mouth around the ridge in anticipation. The first shot blasted into her mouth and all the way to the back of her throat. She choked it back and swallowed hard. She swallowed after each rope of cum filled her mouth. She mewed with each shot like a completely satisfied kitten. I groaned loudly with each stream of cum. 

When Olivia was satisfied that I had finished cumming in her mouth she pulled her mouth off the head and kissed and licked it. She pushed herself up my body as she stood. She was lathered up with her own perspiration and that combined with mine served as lubrication. She licked sweat from my chest and moaned. Her hands had gripped my butt-cheeks as she pushed her body against my still rock hard cock. She released one butt-cheek and wrapped her hand around my stiff cock again and began jerking on it again.

The heat in the spa was stifling when I pushed Olivia down to the floor on her back. She immediately pushed her hips up at me. Her huge tits flopped on her chest and she grabbed them with both hands. I went down on my knees and sat back on my heels as I scooched up between her upraised knees. I reached down and grabbed her hips and pulled her ass up over my thighs and into my lap until my cock rested against her pussy. With her ass sitting on my thighs, her tits rolled toward her chin. She continued mashing her nipples as she whimpered with the anticipation of getting her pussy stuffed full of my cock. She was getting anxious as she attempted to grab my bouncing cock with her pussy. 

I reached up and pushed her hands off her tits and lightly began to caress them and roll her nipples between my thumb and index finger. Olivia was rolling her head from side to side and moaning loudly. I released one tit and grabbed my raging hard cock and guided it to the entrance of her pussy. She felt her labia being spread apart and she lifted her hips to accept it. I was teasing her a little and she whimpered, "Please fuck me Hunter. I need you so bad." I couldn't ignore her plea and I slowly pushed my hips forward driving my cock ever deeper into her.

Olivia groaned deeply as the fattest part of my cock slid in. Her mouth was hanging open as she moaned continuously. She reached both hands down to her pussy to feel my cock slide into her depths. This action lifted her tits up with her upper arms and mashed them together to create extra cleavage.

I leaned forward to suck on her tits and sweat ran down my chin and landed between them. This action drove the rest of my fat cock down into her pussy until my balls rested against her ass. I pulled all the way back out and more quickly pushed back in. She screamed out loudly as she pulled one hand up and stuffed it in her mouth to stifle the noise. She groaned, "OH GGGOODDDDD. FFFUUUCCCKK," as her head rocked from side to side. 

I increased my pace and intentionally angled my attack to grind my cock on the upper wall of her vagina where the 'G-Spot' is located. I can feel the actual spot with my fingers but I couldn't with my cock and I just worked the general area. Olivia was going nuts, so I knew I was in the right area. 

After a few minutes of constant groaning she screamed out, "OOHHH FFUCCCKKK. I'MMM GGGONNNAAA CCCUUUMMMM." I could feel pressure building on my cock as she clamped her pussy down hard on my cock. She was pushing me out so I pulled back and a stream of milking fluid squirted down my shaft and sprayed off my balls onto the floor. I pulled back further and as my cock came out; she pushed her hand down and began digging all four fingers into her pussy. A fire-hose of fluids sprayed out and splashed off my chest. I guided my cock back into her below her knuckles. I fucked her hard alongside her fingers. 

Olivia's mouth had formed an "O" like she was screaming at the top of her lungs but no sound was emitted. Her pussy was clamping on her fingers and my cock as I was hurrying toward my own orgasm. My face was a mask of clenched muscles as I seethed air between my teeth. I slammed my cock into her and she groaned out, "OOHHH FFUUCCKK. THAT'S SOOOO GOOD." She was still forcing a torrent of fluid from her pussy, past her fingers and my cock to the floor below. The force had diminished and her 'squirt' finally stopped. Her vagina continued to sporadically pulse for a long time.

I groaned loudly as my own orgasm slammed into me. I drove my cock hard into Olivia's pussy with each pulse of cum firing into her depths. Olivia grabbed my ass-cheeks and pulled me even harder into her as she screamed out loudly again. 

As I slowed and the force behind each salvo of cum diminished, Olivia threw her arms around my neck and pulled herself up to kiss me. Her huge G-Cup tits were trapped between us as we tenderly kissed each other for a long time. I could feel her pussy randomly pulse on my cock. Our embrace was broken as both of us were gasping for air. 

I pulled my cock out of her and sat back on the floor. I pushed my feet forward as I pulled Olivia up into my lap and wrapped my arms around her back and pulled her to me. She was now sitting with her pussy on the top of my cock with her labia spread on either side of it. She couldn't resist sliding her pussy along the length of it and she giggled into my neck and shoulder as I held her tight. I could feel her erect nipples on my ribs. We sat there on the Spa Room floor entwined in each other as sweat poured down our bodies. She occasionally slid her pussy along my stiff cock.

We were in another embrace when I heard a locker slam shut in the other room. I saw a shadow go by the tiny window in the Spa Room door and I figured we had better get going. We disentangled from each other and stood up and listened for any other activity in the locker room. All appeared to be quiet. I handed Olivia's clothes to her and told her to get dressed. I pulled on my shorts and pushed open the Spa Room door. The cool air felt fantastic. I motioned for her to stay put as I checked things out.

When I pulled the Spa Room door open again, Olivia looked like a drowned rat. Her clothes were soaked from her own perspiration. Her hair was a mess and her makeup had smeared. We quickly exited the men's locker room and she pushed the door open to the women's locker room and went inside. When she came out I had my tee-shirt on and she looked presentable which for any other women would be pretty spectacular.

We walked outside and I unlocked the gate. She went to her car and I opened the side door on my van. We gave no overt display of affection other than her squeezing my hand as I opened her car door. She intentionally flashed her sopping wet pussy as she slid behind the wheel. My cock jumped and she smiled. She looked from my crotch to my face and said, "Will I see you again at 2:00?" I smiled and nodded. She started her car, backed out and drove off. I watched her go and then turned my attention to my work.

At 1:00 I drove into Emma's driveway and made the two trips around behind the garage to the pool with my equipment and chemicals. No one was poolside and I got to work hooking up to the skimmer and vacuuming the pool. I had been doing a half-assed job for several days now and maybe today I could do a proper job. I put on my headphones and spent the next forty minutes vacuuming the sides and floor of Emma's pool. I scrubbed the tiles above the water line and was about to test the water for PH and Alkalinity when I felt a hand on my waist. I turned to see Emma standing beside me in a new bikini. She had a huge smile on her face as she pushed her body into mine and stretched up for a kiss. I bent low to accommodate her. I turned off my music and pulled my headphones off.

She said, "Alexis will be out of school after Wednesday so I have to take advantage of our one-on-one time for the next couple days. You'll have double duty after that." She smiled as she looked down at my already burgeoning member and continued, "I doubt if you'll have any problems with that though." 

I smiled down at her and said, "I love my one-on-one time with you and with Alexis but I also love having you both together. I am just about finished here. Do you have anything particular in mind?"

Emma smiled and said,"Well, now that the pool is clean....." She took the headphones and IPod from my hand and pushed me into the pool. She set the items on the table and jumped in beside me. She immediately threw her arms around my neck and kissed me hard. I noticed that her new bikini was pretty much transparent when it was wet. When she looked down and noticed it too, she burst out laughing, "Oh my God. I'd better be careful where I wear this bathing suit."

I lifted her up in the water so I could pull off her top with my teeth and suck on her gorgeous tits. She squealed like a little girl as I mauled her tits with my mouth and tongue. She playfully pulled away from me and backstroked her way to the shallow end of the pool. Her tits bobbed on the surface. She motioned for me to follow and I took two long free-style strokes to catch up to her. I grabbed her ass and she squealed again. 

When we both arrived at the walk up steps of the pool, she rested her back on one of the steps so she was just barely floating in the water. I moved in beside her and kissed her passionately on the lips. Her bikini top was riding above her tits as she moved her hand under the water and behind her to untie it. It floated off into deeper water. I held her up slightly and sucked a tit between my lips and lightly put pressure on it. I flicked my tongue on her already erect nipple and she groaned from my attack. Her head tilted back into the water. I repeated the same action on the other tit. 

As I was working her tits over, she hooked both thumbs under the sides of her bikini bottom and pushed it down as far as she could reach. She reached down and slid her bottom down to her knees and then pushed my hand between her thighs. She spread her legs to allow complete access. The water was washing away her natural lubrication. I could feel the friction between my middle finger and the smooth, silky interior of her labia and vagina as I slowly worked my way into her pussy. I didn't want to cause any discomfort for her and she pushed her hips up indicate that I wasn't. 

I pushed my index and middle finger into her pussy where it was more slippery. I found the rough, spongy skin a few inches into her pussy and began stroking the "Spot". Emma knew what I was doing and she writhed around in my arms in delirious pleasure. I could feel more and more pressure building as a squishing sound became louder. Her lips parted and a continuous, "AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH" groaned from her throat. Then she yelled out, "OOOHHH FFFUCCCKK. I'MMM GGGONNNAAA MMEESSSS UPPP THE PPPOOOLLLLLL."

I pulled my fingers out and a spray of fluid erupted from her pussy. She sank her hips down in the water and I watched, fascinated, as a jet of water broke the surface, forcing itself an inch above the waterline. Emma was going nuts as she screamed and screamed. I concentrated on keeping her above the water as she writhed with incredible strength. Her legs flailed around and her head rocked side to side. She was gulping in air and forcefully expelling again. She involuntarily reached up and grabbed my shoulders and then released them. She had a wild look in her eyes as they darted around.
