 Morgan moaned and tried to remember where he was. He kept his eyes closed and felt a tongue on his cock. Then he felt another tongue on his member, this one had a piercing that was flicking against his sensitive tip. As his cock was licked and sucked, he remembered that he had fallen asleep after a good fuck with his best friend and his girlfriend.

"Oh deep throat me baby." He didn't care which of the women sucked him, but the teasing was driving him crazy. He felt Danica's small mouth wrap around his cock and begin to move out and down. She wrapped her hands around the shaft since she had never been able to fully deep throat him. He felt Angie's tongue run up his body and swirl around his nipples. He reached and grabbed for Angie's hair and pulled her up for a deep kiss. She straddled his hips and felt as Danica guided his cock inside Angie.

"Your cock feels so good baby. Do you want it rough or soft?"

Morgan could barely answer. "Rough."

Angie started to fuck his cock so hard and he cried out. Her pussy felt smaller and tighter then his girlfriend's and the weight of Angie on his cock was driving him crazy.

"Cumming!" He cried out and came for the second time that night. He didn't even think that cumming inside Angie might be a bad thing. All he could think of was his cock shooting hot white cum inside his best friend.

"I told you he was horny." Danica kissed Morgan and then snuggled against him. Angie cuddled on the other side and they fell asleep.

When Morgan woke up it was morning and the sun was shining in through the window. He was naked and alone in bed. He heard voices from the kitchen so after slipping on his boxers he made his way to the kitchen. Danica and Angie were both dressed and making breakfast.

"Hi sleepyhead. Did we wake you up?"

"No." He watched as they made bacon, eggs, and toast. Danica grabbed two plates and put them on the table. "Here you go sweetie." She kissed his cheek and the three of them chatted about random things while eating breakfast.

"Thanks for last night. It was amazing"

"You're welcome sweetie. We didn't know how you would react."

"Oh I reacted very well." They all laughed. Morgan did the dishes since the two women had cooked. As he started the dishes, he watched them walk by in their swimsuits to go tan on the dock. Danica was wearing a black modest two-piece. She had an amazing tan and Morgan couldn't wait to kiss those tan lines later. Angie was wearing a tiny white bikini that barely covered anything. He was glad that the cottage was on the secluded area of the lake.

"It says here that bubble baths can be very sensual." Angie was reading Cosmo while lying on her tummy on the dock. Danica was facing her reading Redbook.

"Oh really? It's a pretty big bathtub in the bathroom. My dad renovated it three years ago."

"Excellent. After dinner we'll have a bath. I bet he'll want to fuck you first."

Danica giggled. She didn't really mind sharing her boyfriend with Angie. They had known each other for a while and it was agreed that it was only going to be for the weekend. What Danica didn't know was that on Sunday, which was Danica and Morgan's true six-month anniversary, Morgan was going to propose. Angie knew this was the one and only chance to enjoy Morgan. The women tanned a while longer until they felt a shadow over them. Danica was the first to open her eyes.

"Hi sweetie."

"Hello ladies. I could get use to seeing two beautiful women half naked on the dock." Morgan sat down and pulled Danica into his lap. Angie turned back onto her tummy facing them.

"Can I watch?"

Morgan looked into Danica's eyes. She was already squirming in his lap and he knew from experience this meant she was horny.

"Watch what Angie?" Danica was pretending to look innocent, but it wasn't working.

"Watch the two of you fuck."

Danica nodded and reached under her to pull at Morgan's swim shorts. She pulled his cock out and after moving her swimsuit to the side, she moaned loudly, feeling her pussy stretched by his cock. Morgan watched as his sexy girlfriend rode his cock. She kept her top on, but was rubbing her nipples through the material. As he glanced over at Angie, he saw her watching with eyes locked on his cock in Danica's pussy. She didn't touch herself, but the way her hips were gyrating against the dock was proof she was turned on.

"Cumming." Danica arched her back and began to cum on Morgan's cock. She loved the feeling of being so full and having an intense orgasm. She loved how hot his cock was and how it filled her so deeply. Morgan gripped her hips and slid her back and forth a few times. On the third time, he came inside her. He felt her wet pussy sucking in his cock and she was so wet and hot that he could barely feel what were her juices and his cum.

Danica rolled off him and lay on her back. Morgan laid out his towel and closed his eyes. He wished this weekend would never end.