 After returning from the Stewardess Party we had a couple drinks with Mae and Roni, the two middle-aged rich women who come to Vegas every year to get fucked and have some fun. If their stories were true they had never successfully found someone that they liked before our three-way tryst in the Hotel steam room this morning. After saying good-bye and wishing them a happy life, Alexis and I strolled back through casino. Alexis got the looks again and some were from the same people that were there when we left several hours ago.

Alexis said that she needed to check on something with the concierge so we walked a little out of our way. There was a different guy there at this time of night. Alexis told the new guy her name and explained that she had a request that James was working on for her. She asked if James had left her a message. The new guy looked for and found a message with Alexis' name on it. He handed it to her and she opened it. I tried to steal a peek at it but she noticed me looking and stepped away from me. She read the message and burst into a grin. I was intrigued but if she didn't want me to see it, that was okay with me.

Back in our room, Alexis stripped down to her garter-belt. She hung everything back up. I just dropped my clothes where I stood and bent down, picked them up and threw them on a chair. Alexis walked back into the living room. I loved how the garter belt rode perfectly on the gentle slope from her trim waste to her hips. She bent down and unsnapped the nylons. The little minx looked up at me with an impish smile and turned around so her ass was to me. She bent over at the waist, with legs straight and rolled her nylons down to her ankles. I had a clear view of her anus and glistening, hairless and puffy pussy. My cock sprang up off my stomach and then settled at a sixty degree angle from the horizontal.

Alexis peered between her spread thighs at my cock and giggled. She ran her fingers up the inside of her thighs and dragged them through her pussy and touched her rosebud. She was just teasing me now and I loved it. She turned around and model-walked across the room in those stilettos to run her tits up on my ribs and stretch up for a kiss. She had my cock pressed between our bodies. I bent forward and gave her my lips. I nibbled on her lower lip. She pulled back and kissed my nipples.

I said, "Hey babe. What have you got going with the concierge?" She smiled up at me and mumbled something like, "it's a secret." I let it drop. I reached my hands around her ass-cheeks and pulled her against my throbbing cock.

She said, "Is the 'ever-ready bunny' trying to tell me something?"

I said, "I don't know. You'd have to ask him."

She looked down between us and said, "There's never any miscommunications with him are there?" I grinned at her as she looked back up at me. I just shook my head. I bent down and kissed her passionately. Our lips roamed all over the other's lips, cheeks, nose, eyelids and forehead. When I bend down lower to kiss her earlobe and then down to her neck, she groaned out, "Oh fuck baby. You're getting me horny." Her lips on mine became almost frantic. She grabbed my cock from between us and started furiously jerking it off. She started to drop down my chest kissing her way. I stopped her on the first nipple and pulled her back up to continue the frantic kissing. We were mauling each other. Our breathing became very ragged. Her face had reddened considerably and I could feel the heat in mine.

As we continued our frenetic kissing, I slowly guided her backward toward the bedroom. We didn't make it to the bed and we went down on the carpet. Alexis pulled her face away from mine and positioned herself to suck my cock in. She was gasping for air so she could only push herself down my shaft a couple times before coming up for oxygen. She wanted it and she wanted it now. I couldn't remember a time when she was this out of control. I was close behind her gasping for my own oxygen.

I was mashing on her firm tits and tweaking her nipples. She was between my legs with her ass at my feet so all I could reach was her tits. When she drove my cock into her throat I groaned out and dropped my torso back to the floor. Alexis throat-fucked me several times and then pulled her mouth off and moved up my body with her legs crawling over mine. She sat up on my hips and looked down at me. The look in her eyes was pure hunger.

With one hand she drove my cock up and down over her pussy lips. She was panting hard and fast. She lifted herself high on my lap and drove herself down on my cock. It nearly forced the air from my lungs. She screamed in combination of pain and pleasure and yanked herself right back up again. She slammed herself down again and let out a gut-wrenching groan and exploded into a massive orgasm. She literally screamed, "AAAAAHHHHHIIIEIIEEE. AHHHH. AAAAHHHHH." She continued to drive herself up and down until the orgasm built to a peak and she came crashing down and collapsed to my chest.

Alexis' pussy was clenching...clenching.. clenching. I held her to me for at least five minutes as her spastic movement diminished. She was still gasping for air several minutes after that. We were still joined at the hips as I rolled her over on the carpet and then moved on top of her. The only weight I put on her was at our hips. She wrapped her legs around behind my thighs and yanked me down to bury my cock as deep as possible.

Her eyes had cleared and tears had begun to form in the corner of each eye near her nose. She had her hand behind my neck and she pulled herself up to mash my lips again. She was so passionate. She dropped herself back to the floor and gazed into my eyes. After a few moments she whispered, "Fuck me Hunter. I need you so bad. Fuck me hard. Please?"

If I thought my cock was hard then, nothing ever compared to the surge of hardness that I thought would split my cock up the middle. It was a granite pillar. Alexis groaned and shut her eyes when she felt it harden beyond hard. She groaned out again, "OH MY GOD BABE. IT'S FUCKING HARD. FUCK ME WITH THIS THING. JESUS CHRIST."

I pulled my hips back till my cock head was only keeping place between her labia and then I steadily pushed back down. Alexis screamed and I groaned. I repeated this and we screamed and groaned again. Then I started a normal fucking motion that was driving Alexis crazy. She was hanging on to me with her legs and arms as I pounded up and down.

Alexis screamed out, "OOOHHH FUCCKKK. I'MM CUMMING AGAIN." I could feel her pussy going spastic again but I kept right on pummeling her with my granite hard cock. Her orgasm was a big one but it seemed to dissipate quickly and then she blew right into another one. This one seemed to last forever.

I watched her head spastically snap from side to side. Her eyes were closed. She had squeezed the huge tears from her eyes with her eyelids and they were flowing down her cheeks and neck. Her mouth was wide open in a silent scream. She was almost catatonic. I wanted my orgasm badly but not with her in this state. I slowed down my pace. She opened her eyes but she wasn't looking at anything. She was a limp rag lying on the floor. I pulled my cock out and leaned back on my feet. Alexis' pussy was gushing fluid. I couldn't tell if she squirted or not but there was an inordinate amount of juices. My cock was pointing at the ceiling and it was so hard it didn't even bounce or sway. It just pointed straight up. I was getting concerned after she laid there for several more minutes.

Suddenly there was heavy knocking on the door. I got to my feet and pulled my robe on. I looked back down at Alexis sprawled on the floor. I didn't want to leave her there but there was more urgent knocking at the door. I crossed the living room and opened the door. It was Mae and Roni from the suite next door. They were in their robes pulled tight around them. They had concerned looks on their faces as they tried to look past me, which is hard to do since I take up about ninety percent of the doorway. Mae said, "Hunter. Is everything okay here? We heard a lot of screams and then silence. Is Alexis okay?"

I wasn't sure I knew how to answer the last part and I said, "I think so. I don't know. We were just having sex and now she's just lying on the carpet. Her eyes are open and she's breathing. She can kind of go out there once in a while but never like this."

Mae pushed past me and in the process pulled my robe apart and my granite hard cock pushed it's way through. Mae didn't see it as she rushed through the living room to the bedroom. Roni did see it and she was dumb struck. I moved back from the door so she could come in too but she didn't move from the door. She tore her eyes from my cock and looked up at me and said, "Fuck Hunter. Your cock is even bigger than this morning."

I looked down and saw the same sized cock that I had extracted from Alexis' pussy moments ago. It hadn't softened at all. I looked at Roni and said, "We had some pretty passionate sex going there until she checked out."

Roni said, "It sounded like you were killing her." Then she looked back at my cock, smiled and said, "In a way I guess you were killing her." She stepped into the living room and I closed the door. We both walked into the bedroom were Mae was leaning over Alexis. Her robe had separated and her huge tits were completely on display. Alexis didn't look any different than when I went to answer the door. Roni stood back and watched as did I.

Mae maneuvered herself in behind Alexis' head and lifted it into her lap. Alexis was almost a rag doll. Roni watched Alexis' pussy as it still clenched and released. She was beginning to breathe a little heavy too. Mae looked up at me and said, "Help me get her on the bed." I moved forward instantly. My robe was totally undone as I bent down to pick Alexis up under her arms. Mae couldn't help but see my cock now and she gasped. Mae said, "Jesus Christ Hunter. Your cock was huge this morning but now it's a baseball bat. No wonder she's so bad off." Then she smiled and said, "I'm just kidding Hunter. She's going to be fine."

I moved back and let Mae look her over. Alexis motioned Mae forward as though she just didn't have the energy to talk. Mae leaned in and Alexis' mouth was talking at a whisper. I heard Mae respond to her,"Are you absolutely sure?" Alexis nodded and glanced over at me and pointed at me and said something else to Mae. She nodded her head at Alexis and said, "Okay. If you insist."

Mae got off the bed and came over to Roni and me. She turned back to Alexis who was staring at her. Alexis nodded her head insistently. I said, "What's going on. Is she alright? What did she say?"

Mae glanced down at my wide open robe and then looked up at me and said, "Alexis is concerned that she has left you in a bad way. She said she's sorry. She wants Roni and me to get you off if we can." She smiled and shrugged her shoulders and continued, "Well. That's what she said." Roni looked down at my rock solid, unmoving cock and licked her lips.

I said, "Does she want to do it here or in the other room." Mae pointed toward the bed. "You don't have to do this. I'll be alright. I'll jerk myself off and try to get this thing to go soft. I don't want to burden you two with this." I was pouring it on a little thick now.

Mae looked at Roni and shared a secret smile and Roni said, "I think we should do as Alexis wants." I shrugged my shoulder and let my robe slip off my shoulders. I looked at Mae and she shrugged off her robe and then Roni did the same. Alexis had gathered up enough energy to get out of the middle of the bed up toward the pillows.

As I climbed on the bed I looked concernedly at Alexis. Was she sure about this was my concern. Then Alexis winked at me and I knew that she was just taking advantage of the series of events like Roni and Mae showing up unannounced. As I moved into position I mouthed the word, "You are a bad girl," to her. She smiled and went back to her act.

I lay down beside Alexis on my back. Mae was the better of the two at cock sucking and she took the lead as she struggled to push the extra fat cock between her lips. It took her a couple of tries to get her lips past the glans. It felt fantastic once she was on. Roni came up beside Mae and wrapped her lips along the length of the shaft. Mae hadn't started her blowjob yet as she was trying to get comfortable and relax her jaw. Roni dragged her lips up and down several times and then slid off to suck on my balls. I looked over at Alexis and she smiled and blew me an air-kiss. I smiled back at her.

For more than a minute, Roni sucked on my balls and then my shaft while Mae tried to relax her lips and jaw. Finally, she started pushing her face down my shaft and made it as far as she had got that morning. She pulled back and started a normal paced blowjob. I groaned hard. It felt great. Roni was now relegated to my balls and she was doing a great job of it.

When Mae's jaw became too painful she pulled off and flexed her jaw and lips. Roni moved to take over for Mae. This morning, Roni couldn't do anything except get the glans in her mouth. This time she was adamant that she was going to do as well as Mae as she flexed her jaw to relax and stretched her lips over the glans on the first try. She held it like that for a few moments and then opened her mouth as wide as she could, which wasn't much wider than my cock, and forced her head down and up at a pretty rapid pace. Her throat was making an "AAAWWKKK.. AWWWKk AWWWAAKK" noise. Saliva was flooding out of her mouth and down my shaft. Mae scooped up the saliva in her hand and began jerking on my cock below Roni's head. She was looking pretty pleased with herself. I knew we would be all night at this rate.

When Roni pulled her head back off and sucked the gobs of saliva back in her mouth, I took the opportunity to take over. I looked over at Alexis, who was watching the action. She seemed as though she had fully recovered. At least she was breathing normal now. She mouthed the word, "Anal" and then broke into a wide grin.

I said, "Ladies, this cock is so hard now that I'm not going to get off with a blowjob. I'm going to need something more rigorous to work this out of me. It's starting to hurt." Ok, I'm pouring it on a bit but I wanted Mae and Roni to do anything to help me out of this problem. They both looked at each other and they had big smiles on their faces. I pulled them both up and off the bed. I had them put their knees on the edge of the bed facing toward Alexis with their asses hanging off. I had them side by side with only a few inches separating them. Mae stayed up on her hands and Roni went down on her elbows looking between her huge hanging tits.

I left them there like that for a moment as I went to the bathroom to find Alexis' tube of KY Jelly. I hid it at my side when I came back in. Mae was watching intently and Roni was still looking down her front. I moved up behind Roni and pushed my granite slab of a cock into her pussy and she groaned hard. Mae looked back over her shoulder and smiled at me. While I fucked Roni's pussy I pushed the tube of jelly to her anus and gave it a squeeze. Roni was consumed by the pressure from my cock and didn't really register the jelly oozing into her ass. I ran the jelly around her anus. I hadn't lifted the tube high enough for Mae to see what I was doing.

I pulled my cock from Roni and moved over behind Mae who was still watching. She looked at Roni and grinned. Roni had a disappointed look on her face. I pushed my cock into Mae's pussy and started a gentle fucking motion. She groaned out as I pushed all the way in to my balls. She was biting her lower lip. She went down on her elbows and looked between the twin peaks of her tits to watch my cock pull back and push back in. While fucking Mae, I did the same thing to her anus and smeared the excess around with my finger. Mae jumped when I touched her there.

I pulled out of Mae and moved over behind Roni again. Now Mae was frowning and Roni was smiling. Her smile turned to a grin and a loud groan when I pushed my cock back in her pussy. The grin disappeared when I pressed my jelly sheathed finger to her anus. I was certain that they had never had anal sex before. Their shit-for-brains husbands most certainly would have thought it was disgusting and probably Mae and Roni did too. I pushed my finger past her sphincter and she pulled away. My finger followed her as she moved away. After a moment she relaxed and settled down. She tried to look back to see what I was doing. I continued fucking her pussy as I pushed my finger in to the next knuckle and she pulled away again. She wanted my cock in her so she pushed back. 'The carrot and the stick' phrase ran through my mind and I smiled at her. She didn't want the finger but she did want the cock. I pushed my finger all the way in and she pulled away again but promptly pushed back. She was moaning continuously now.

I held my finger in place for a few moments before twisting it around and then slowly pulled back. She groaned the whole way. I pushed all the way back into her bowels again and she didn't pull away this time. I repeated it again and she mumbled, "Fuck that kinda feels good."

I pulled my cock from her pussy and then removed my finger from her anus. She whimpered and pushed back searching for my finger. I guided my cock up to her anus and pressed it hard against her sphincter. She pushed back. When my glans pushed through her sphincter, Roni let out a blood curdling scream. She looked back with a pained expression. She said, "What are you doing? That hurts really bad." I was in to the ridge and holding there.

Alexis came around on her elbows close to Roni and said, "He's going to fuck you in the ass. Just relax and I guarantee you'll love it." Roni had a terrified look on her face and now so did Mae. Mae realized that she wasn't trapped with a cock in her ass and she started to crawl across the bed to the other side. Alexis stopped her but Mae went down on her side. Roni was biting her lower lip. I didn't move a millimeter in or out. She slowly started to relax and the pain subsided. She quickly realized that if she tensed it hurt and if she relaxed it was okay.

Alexis whispered to Roni again, "When you're okay to proceed, just push back at Hunter. He'll go as slow as you want. Take your time." Roni worked up a smile and then she gently pushed back. I didn't push forward and let her take what she wanted and then stop and readjust and relax. Six times this was repeated. Mae watched in fascination as my cock slowly disappeared into her sister's bowels. She seemed to be fascinated.

When my hairy balls tickled Roni's pussy she shuddered. She knew then that she had buried the largest cock she had ever seen in her ass. She looked up at Alexis and grinned. Alexis nodded at me to continue. Mae smiled now that Roni was no longer cringing in pain. I very slowly withdrew my shaft and Roni grimaced again. Mae looked back at me. Alexis nodded again. Slowly I pulled out to the ridge of my glans. I held position there until Roni pushed back at me and I pushed my cock smoothly to the depths. Roni groaned loudly, "OH FUCK. THAT'S BETTER. FUCK ME HUNTER."

Alexis beamed a huge grin and I started a fucking motion at a slow pace and kept it that way until Roni indicated that she wanted more. When she tried to ramp up the pace on her own, I started a normal fucking pace and Roni was flailing her head from side to side and up and down. Mae was fascinated and came around behind Roni to watch my cock appear and disappear into her sister's anus. Roni shoved two fingers into her pussy and adjusted them so she could feel my cock moving in and out only a thin membrane away. I could feel her fingers pushing against my shaft. I could feel rumblings in my balls signifying the approach of my orgasm. I pushed it away. I still had work to do on Mae who couldn't take her eyes away from Roni as my cock drove deep in her ass. She finger-fucked her own pussy.
