 Angie entered the bathroom and smiled. Danica was sitting in the bathtub surrounded by bubbles. The scent of lavender filled the air and the candles burning along the windowsill emitted a strong vanilla flavor. The two scents combined were driving Angie crazy and after removing her robe she slipped in the tub.

"Hi. You're gorgeous." 

Danica blushed. "I am not."

Angie stretched out in the tub and pulled Danica into her lap. Angie was just over five and half feet tall whereas Danica was barely five feet. Danica and Angie both had dark blonde hair and Angie's breasts were a little bigger then Danica's. The women kissed and began to fondle each other's breasts. Danica felt Angie's tongue ring flick against the roof of her mouth and she was getting very wet. Angie wrapped her arms around Danica's waist and they kissed passionately. They were so caught up with their kiss they didn't notice Morgan enter the bathroom.

Morgan was Danica's boyfriend and they had decided to go up to Danica's cottage for the weekend to relax. Angie had begged to come and Morgan agreed. Danica had played him a fool for a while; pretending to be mad and making her sleep in a tent, but after the first night he realized that Angie was his six-month anniversary present from his girlfriend. It was Saturday night and he had lost track of the number of times they had had sex. He was nowhere near to being sore, but even if he was he wasn't going to stop now.

He watched the two women kiss and fondle each other. It was his own private porn video and he loved it. He was naked and stroked his cock lightly. He wanted to see what they were going to do so he stayed quiet.

Angie opened her eyes and glanced over at Morgan.

"Enjoy what you're seeing?"

"Fuck yeah."

"Come join us baby." Danica gestured for her boyfriend to join them and Morgan practically jumped into the tub.

"Tonight is about you baby. Tell us what you want." Morgan's eyes went wide. He was sitting facing Danica and felt Angie press up against his back. His cock was throbbing and he knew he wasn't going to last long.

"I want to fuck you while you lick Angie's pussy." The women grinned. This was every man's fantasy and they were very willing to put out for him. Angie sat up on the edge of the tub and Danica got on her hands and knees. Her mouth was inches from Angie's perfectly waxed pussy and she reached her tongue out and licked her clit softly. She sucked Angie's clit ring into her mouth and sucked. Morgan got behind his girlfriend and thrust into her pussy. He rocked her back and forth and watched as she fingered Angie's pussy. The room began to smell like sex and he had to hold Danica tight while she orgasmed. Angie was moaning and pinching her nipples. She was watching Morgan plow into Danica's pussy. She began to cum hard. She pulled Danica into her pussy and gushed a bit into her mouth. Her legs were shaking and she locked eyes with Morgan. Morgan watched as Angie came and couldn't hold back. He emptied himself into Danica's waiting pussy and groaned.

The threesome spent a while longer in the bathtub and when the water was cold and the candles had burnt out they stumbled their way to the bedroom. Morgan's cock was sore now and he collapsed on the bed. Angie and Danica were beside him and soon they were all fast asleep.

The next morning, they got dressed and packed up. It was a long drive back to the city and they knew if they started something, they would never get home. Angie had driven up herself and so after saying goodbye to the couple, she drove off. She knew they needed at least a few minutes alone. Once Angie was gone Morgan wrapped his arms around Danica.

"I love you. You know that right?'

"Of course baby. I love you."

"Let's take a walk to the dock one last time." Morgan led Danica to the dock and got down on one knee. Danica's eyes filled with tears.

"Marry me. I love you. The last six months have been amazing. Please." Danica smiled and realized how nervous he really was. Knowing him, he had rehearsed in his head the perfect speech, but the moment he got down on one knee, he got nervous.

"Yes." Danica whispered the words and watched as he slid a perfect diamond ring on her finger. They kissed on the dock with the sun shining.

"Thank you for this weekend baby."

"Your welcome."