 We had returned from our shopping/fucking session in the fitting room of a fancy ladies apparel store. I was sitting in the living room reading the paper in the rapidly dwindling daylight. I was always amazed at how fast it got dark in the canyons between the buildings. Lights were coming on in the surrounding apartments. I was about to flick on a table lamp when out of the corner of my eye I saw Emma coming down the hall totally naked except for her high heels. She came in and without a word, sat across from me and crossed one leg over the other. I said, "I love your outfit but aren't the heels a little over the top?"

She grinned at me and said, "I was sure you'd like it." I heard a metronomic thumping noise and I turned toward the hall again. Alexis was strutting her cross-over model-walk from the bedroom and was firmly planting the heels of her stilettos as she came closer. Other than her heels, she wore only her new garter belt securing a pair of dark nylon stockings. Holy shit, my cock didn't stand a chance. It sprang to attention in my gym shorts that I had put on when we got home. Dressing well and looking good didn't trump being comfortable at home. Alexis came in and sat down next to Emma, who gave her a wolf-whistle. 

They were apparently waiting for me to say something because they just sat there looking at me. Those looks said everything they needed to say. They looked hungry and I was apparently the only thing on the menu. Alexis amped up her sultry look by slightly parting her teeth and lips and sucked her lower lip between her ultra-white teeth. She gently nibbled on it as her face angled down while her eyes looked up at me.

My cock was so hard it hurt from the constriction of my shorts so I stood up and stripped them off. I was in a goofy mood so as they sat across the room staring at my big fatty, I cocked my hips like they did and turned and headed for the kitchen in my rendition of Alexis' model-walk. My hips don't work anything like Alexis' so I exaggerated the movement to the absurd. I was waiting for them to erupt into laughter and they didn't disappoint.

Alexis yelled out, "I don't look like that. Mom? I don't look like that do I?" Emma played it up by waggling her open hand on the horizontal. Alexis swatted Emma on the knee and whined. "I don't." I came back out of the kitchen with a cold beer and did the same thing back to my chair. My hard cock wagged from side to side like a ninja's sword carving the air as my totally inflexible hips made a grotesque attempted to duplicate Alexis' very sexy walk.

I was anything but sexy and Emma shut it down fast when she said, "Enough Hunter. You're making me sick." I exploded into laughter and collapsed into my chair. 

I said, "I'm sorry Baby. I was feeling goofy." I pointed at my bouncing cock and said, "This is what you do to me when I see you do that walk. That's what you do to every guy in sight when you do that walk."

Emma grinned and turned to Alexis, who was almost in tears, and said, "He's right Honey. Guys cum in your wake when you do that walk." Alexis broke into a huge grin.

"Okay. We're back to what is going on with all the sexy nakedness," I said.

Emma leaned back and looked out the windows. She turned back and said, "It's almost dark enough but not yet." I was confused by that answer. I waited for anything that would be clearer. They just sat there bouncing their cross over legs. I let it ride and just watched them. I figured any guy would kill just to be able to do that, with or without clothes.

After another ten minutes of silence I said, "Come on guys. Throw me a bone here." Emma glanced over her shoulder at the window again. This time she shifted her position on the sofa so she could look out through the window. She was looking at something for nearly a minute. Alexis noted that Emma was still looking back and she turned in her seat to look out the window too. Then they both looked at each other and smiled before turning back to me.

Alexis said cryptically, "We're going fishing and these outfits are the bait." Emma looked at Alexis and then back at me as they both broke into grins. It was getting almost too dark in the room to see their faces so I reached over and turned on the table lamp beside me. Alexis looked at her mother and said, "Perfect." Emma nodded in agreement.

Emma picked her cell phone off the end table near her and tapped a few icons. She lifted the phone and aimed it toward the floor to ceiling windows and took a picture. The flash was blinding as it reflected back off the windows. Emma held the phone as before and waited a few seconds and the flash went off again. I was more confused than ever now. Emma looked at Alexis and said, "It worked. It's show time." Emma set her phone down on the table.

Alexis got up and came over to me and sat down in my lap facing away from me toward Emma with her legs outside mine. She wrapped both hands around my flaccid cock and it was instantly hard again. She jacked me off for a few moments. I ran my hand around her waist and into her sex. She was so wet with anticipation. I touched her clitoris and her torso snapped forward as she moaned. I leaned forward and set my lips on her earlobe and started nibbling. She groaned hard. I knew she couldn't resist the 'ear nibble'. I kissed down her neck all the way to her shoulder and she cocked her head against mine and moaned all the way. I didn't know what they were up to but at that moment, I figured I would find out soon.

Emma looked back out the window and positioned herself at a new location on the sofa. She glanced back again and then resumed her leg cross-over position. Emma said, "It's perfect Honey." I ignored their cryptic conversation and ran my hands up her flat stomach and curled my fingers around her "C-cup" tits. Her nipples were insanely hard and long. She pushed her torso forward to encourage me. I gently tweaked her nipples and she groaned again. 

Emma got off the sofa and came around the coffee table and sat in the chair beside us. She wasn't looking at us though. She was looking out the window and she threw one leg over the arm of the chair and started dragging her open hand up the length of her pussy and then straight up over her stomach to each of her tits and then pushed her fingers, one at a time past her closed lips. She repeated the whole process a few times. I was getting very horny and so was Alexis as she started grinding her pussy on the base of my cock and pushing herself forward and up so her labia parted on either side of my cock and slid down the outside of my shaft. I was praying she would push her pussy onto my cock but she didn't.

Alexis slid back up the shaft and then stood up out of my lap. She turned to me and took my hand to pull me up. Whatever it was that she wanted from me, I was all in and I couldn't get out of that chair fast enough. She started into her model-walk again as she dragged me by my hand toward the windows. She pushed her body right up against the window pane and spread her legs as she rocked her hips back giving me the unmistakable signal that she wanted me to fuck her right there. I was already too close to the windows and I could feel the pull like I was falling toward the edge. She still had my hand and the irrational fear seemed to be making my cock even harder. Alexis released my hand and I started to take a step back but she had released my hand only to immediately grab my cock. She pulled me toward her. I resisted and she pulled harder. 

Alexis' tits were pressed flat against the glass. She was breathing very raggedly with a soft moan on each exhale. Emma came in behind me and wrapped her hands around my chest and kissed my 'lats'. Her hands traveled down over my ripped abs and hips and down to my cock. Alexis still had it firmly in her grasp and Emma bypassed it and cradled my balls. She pressed her body against my back. There was nowhere for me to go. I refused to look down and I started to relax.

I pushed my body up against Alexis' backside. The touch of her perfectly shaped ass against my sex made me groan hard and I totally put where I was out of my mind. Emma followed my movement forward toward the window and Alexis' incredible body. When my cock rested on the slope from her ass to her lower back she groaned and pushed the left side of her face against the cool glass. Without even looking at me she sensuously moaned, "Fuck me Baby."

With her stilettos on, Alexis was the perfect height for this. My 6'5" body fit perfectly with her 6'3" of mostly legs. She rocked her hips forward and then back again. I got the message and I pushed my cock down over her ass and positioned the glans at the sopping wet entrance to her pussy. She was breathing fast and hard as she steamed the glass in front of her. I paused for affect and in a demonically low pitched growl with considerable urgency she said, "Fuck me Baby. I need you now." Emma released my balls and then moved her hand up the back of my thighs and gently caressed them again as I pushed my steel hard cock into Alexis' pussy from behind. I went slowly until the fattest part pushed into Alexis' pussy. She groaned and flinched a little as I pushed forward. She arched her hips to accommodate me and I pushed the rest of the way in.

Alexis groaned hard and said, "OH FUCK BABY. YOU SEEM BIGGER." She rocked her hips forward and back to start the fucking motion. Emma was rolling my balls around in her hand. She was breathing very hard too as she was fingering her clitoris and pussy with her free hand.

Emma spoke up and said, "It's working Alexis. Look. Oh fuck this is hot." She let out a groan behind me. Alexis turned her face on the glass and looked out into the black void in front of her. She couldn't see anything through the fogged glass. She groaned explosively as I started fucking her with long slow full penetrating stokes. Alexis' face bumped forward into the glass and she pulled back a few inches to accommodate the forward momentum imparted on her with every stroke of my cock into her pussy. She reached down between her legs to touch my slippery shaft.

She was luxuriating in the stereo sensations of my cock sliding along her fingers and into her pussy. She moaned, "Oh my God. You feel incredible." Her voice was very throaty and sexy. I increased the pace a little. The fogged glass in front of Alexis had cleared and she looked out again. She laughed and then groaned as I pushed all the way in again. She said excitedly, "Mom. She's right there at the window." She was interrupted again as I pulled my cock out until only three or four inches were in her pussy and then started piston-fucking her with those few inches. She leaned her forehead against the glass and groaned hard, "OH FUCK BABY. YES. I'm gonna cum. Sweet Jessssuuussss."

With only four inches imbedded in Alexis' pussy, Emma was able to wrap her fingers around the remaining four inches. She squeezed hard and I let out a groan too. I felt Alexis' pussy clamp down on the first four inches and her torso pulled her tits off the glass as she flexed back into me. Her hands reached back over her shoulders to my face and mine went to her tits to hold her stable as I furious pumped my cock. I went back to full penetration which pushed Emma's hand off. She went back to my balls.

Without separating, I turned us around 180 degrees and Emma had to relinquish my balls and step aside as I pushed Alexis up against the back of the sofa as her hands came down to steady herself. She was in the throes of her orgasm and she wasn't able to control herself. I grabbed her hips and flailed my hips driving my cock into her. Alexis pressed her thighs into the back of the sofa to provide a purchase to push back. Her hips surged forward and back and her torso countered that movement. Her head was up and her mouth hung open as she muttered, "UUNNNHHH. UNNHH. UNNGG," with each long thrust of my hips. My eyes were closed but I still noted the camera flashes. I opened my eyes and looked at Emma. She had her phone again but she wasn't taking pictures of us. She was just making the flash go off. That was a curiosity for another time.

Alexis's torso collapsed forward onto the back of the sofa. I held her hips and continued to fuck her hard. Her pussy was still clenching on my cock. My orgasm was out there but there was no way I was going to catch up with Alexis who had already crested and was just settling down again. I eased my assault and slowed. I slowly slid my slick cock from Alexis' pussy and lowered her to the sofa.

I turned to look at Emma. She was looking out the window again. I looked where she was looking. All I could see was the reflection of this room with Emma and me standing there naked. My throbbing fatty was bouncing in front of the reflected me and the phone in the hand of the reflected Emma. I looked at Emma with a confused look on my face and said, "What are you guys looking at?"

Emma pointed her camera at the window and said, "Look in the apartment in the building across the street at the same level as us." I looked where she was pointing as she knelt to my side and turned my body so it was facing her. She took my cock and fed it into her mouth. I turned my head ninety degrees to my left and looked out the window again, following her instructions. Then I saw what they had been looking at. The woman in the apartment across the street that I had seen the other night giving her guy friend a blowjob before they retreated to her bedroom was pressed up against her window like Alexis had been.

Even though she was backlit by her room lights I could tell she was naked. One of her hands was shielding the reflection off her window and the other was working in her pussy. My cock surged in hardness and Emma pulled her lips off and flexed her jaw. She had been watching my face blossom into the realization that we were being spied on by the woman across the street. Emma said, "She's pretty hot huh?" Her silhouette in the window revealed her figure. I nodded and looked down as Emma stretched her lips back over my glans. I rested my hands on the sides of her face as she bobbed up and down on my cock. She took me all the way into her throat and then pulled back. She did it again and pulled back. She pulled off and with one hand pressed my cock against my stomach as she kissed it from my balls to the tip and then rolled her mouth onto the glans again and went back down to my balls again. I dropped my arms to my side.

I was hooked now. I looked out the window again. The spy was obviously in the throes of an orgasm. Even in back-light I could see her hips launching toward the window and back. She turned sideways and leaned back against a pillar and now the back-light made it even more obvious. I could see her chest lunge forward as her head tipped back. Then her torso lunged back and her hips fired forward carrying her hand with them.

My mind's eye pictured what the woman across the street was seeing. We would be back lit too, given the position of the lit lamps further back in the room. Emma had intentionally turned me so the spy could clearly see the silhouette of her body and bouncing head and the silhouette of me facing her as the silhouette of my cock connected us. 

Alexis had recovered from her orgasm and had come around beside the sofa and turned on the table light. She sat down on the end table and spread her legs and started fingering herself with one hand and caressing her tits with the other. With the new light on, the spy could clearly see Alexis in full light. Alexis was looking at her and she was looking back. The woman moved back to the window and kissed it. We all understood the signal she was sending. Alexis pulled her hand out of her crotch and motioned by a wave of her hand for the spy to come over.

I was losing control of my body as my orgasm was building fast. Emma knew that probably before I did as she had already shifted her attack to vary from throat-job to blowjob/handjob combination. Alexis was motioning for the spy to join us again and the woman responded by displaying her spread fingers on both hands and then she disappeared from her living room. Alexis did the interpretation and said, "Mom. She said give her ten minutes. She's coming over. Oh my God. I'm so fucking horny right now."

Emma didn't respond because she knew she was about to get a load of cum in her mouth any second. I let out a loud groan and fired my hips at Emma's face driving my cock deep into her throat. She didn't fight it and didn't try to get my cock back in her mouth to accept the massive load of cum that she was positive was coming. Every single shot of cum launched into her throat. She didn't gag once. When I was done, Emma dragged my cock out and coughed once. I thought to myself, 'Emma, you are one fucking sexy, amazing woman.'

Alexis hurried over and took her mother's hand and pulled her to her feet. She was excited that their little game had paid off. She was nearly bouncing up and down. She kissed Emma and then threw herself into my arms and kissed me too. I looked back out the window to the spy's apartment. The woman was not there but that didn't mean she was coming here. I hoped Alexis wouldn't be too disappointed if the woman didn't show.

Emma had returned to the sofa. I grabbed a beer from the fridge. My cock was slowly deflating. Alexis checked the clock on the wall and decided she had time to run down to our bedroom and check her makeup and hair. I said to Emma, "I don't get it. She's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. Sometimes she's comfortable with that and other times she's so insecure about it." I shrugged my shoulders and took a hit off the beer.

Emma responded, "She's a woman. Enough said." I almost gagged on my second hit off the beer can as I swallowed hard and burst out laughing. Alexis wasn't back yet when there was a light knock on the front door. I looked at Emma who had no intention of answering the door. I started to get up when Alexis rushed down the hall. She went to the door and peeked through the spy-hole. She turned around toward us and screamed out a silent "YES". She kicked one knee in the air and pumped her fist and turned back to the door. She gathered herself and very coolly opened the door belying her excitement. Alexis stood there in the doorway as naked as before. There appeared to be some conversation and then Alexis reached forward and pulled whoever was there into the Foyer.

It was the "spy". She was wearing a rose colored silk robe but it hung open in the front and she was completely naked except for her high heels. Alexis towed her into the living room by one hand. She said, "Everyone, this is Fiona." Fiona waved with her free hand. Alexis introduced Emma, but not as her mother, and then me as her fiancé.

Fiona was stunning up close. As she stood there in her heels, I'd guess she was nearly six foot. She had the most beautiful light ebony skin. It was a coffee-with-cream color. Her black tightly curled hair shimmered. Her eyes were dark and seemed unusually large. Her nose was thin, belying her obvious African American roots. Her lips were full and plump. She smiled and revealed brilliantly white teeth. Her amazing body was accented by high riding "D cup" breasts with small dark chocolate areolas. Her nipples were long and erect. She wasn't thin but she wasn't chunky anywhere. She was classically perfect. Her waist was narrow, her stomach flat. Her hips flared quickly from her waist and her thighs fit perfectly with her hips. She had a pronounced, perfect 'bubble-butt'. Her crotch showed a narrow patch of neatly trimmed pubic hair that was moist from anticipation. She said, "Hello, It's very nice to meet you. You can call me Fi." She had a soothing voice with a British Caribbean accent.

Alexis had had enough of the introductions. She was 'in-heat' and she moved her body against Fi's and peeled her robe off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. Fi offered no resistance and her lips pursed as Alexis leaned down to kiss them. Fi turned to square up with Alexis and put her hands on Alexis' hips and as they continued to kiss pulled them to hers. My cock was instantly hard. I ran my hand up and down the shaft. Emma looked over at me and stood and walked over to my chair and sat on the chair arm. She displaced my hand with hers and slowly stroked the length of my cock as we watched Alexis's and Fi's passions boil over as they slid as one to the carpet.
