 After butt-fucking both Alexis and Yu-Gin the night before, I expected that I would wake up this morning with both of them fighting over my dick. Yu-Gin actually woke before me and I woke up in enough time to watch her walk rather gingerly across the bedroom floor toward the bathroom. She was a little spread-eagled and she had her hands on her ass cheeks as though they would fall off if she wasn't holding them. She probed her anus to see if she was still gaping like last night. She was fine and she let out a loud breath in relief.

Alexis must have been awaken by Yu-Gin too as she cuddled over beside me and kissed me on the cheek. She whispered, "Did your fatty survive that tight little ass last night?" I chuckled. She lifted the covers as if to see if everything was okay. She reached down and grabbed my morning woody and stroked it a few times and said, "He seems to be okay." I chuckled again and then groaned as my hips involuntarily aided Alexis' hand movements.

I maneuvered a hand to Alexis' sex and discovered that she was just as ready as I. Her hips rolled to my hand just as involuntarily as mine had. She was breathing raggedly already and through her urgent breathes she said, "I need you in me, Baby." If she wanted to be on top, she would have already been there. She wanted it missionary style and I was already moving toward that end.

I quickly rolled onto my side and then to my hands and knees and moved over her. She had closed her legs together which told me that she wanted my legs outside of hers. We both liked this position because she could use her thighs to clamp on my cock and I could use my thighs to clamp on her thighs. She never released my cock until it slid through her hand and into her pussy. She stared me right in the eyes as her chin dropped and her mouth opened as I gently pushed my cock deeper in her sex. Her breath caught in her throat before letting it escape suddenly with a long groan as I hit bottom. She mumbled, "Your cock is always biggest in the morning." I leaned down and kissed her passionately before I started fucking her. Her arms went around my neck and pulled her torso up to mine and clung to me as I started a normal paced fucking motion. She moaned with each full penetration.

The heat in Alexis' pussy was amazing. My cock was in heaven and gazing down at her beautiful face I was staring at an angel. She smiled up at me but her mouth slightly opened to show her brilliant white teeth with each push into her depths. She stared up into my eyes and whispered, "I love you so much," and then grinned at me.

I bent my elbows and dropped my face to hers and we kissed hard for several strokes and then I pulled back and said, "I love you too." I suddenly thought, 'We hadn't been saying that out loud very much lately.' I made a resolve right there with my cock buried to the hilt in Alexis' pussy that I would say 'I love you' often and I wanted to hear her say it often too. There would be no taking it for granted. I lifted my hips up and drove them down one time and paused. Then I drove them up and down quickly four times and paused again. Then I repeated the motion three times and stopped. I lowered some of my weight down to Alexis' chest. She giggled and said, "What was that; Morse code?"

I said, "That was '1', '4', '3' for 'I', 'LOVE', 'YOU'". She laughed and I could feel her laughter in her pussy. She pushed up her hips reminding me of what I was doing.

She lifted her head and kissed me on the nose and said, "Tell me you love me a bunch more times." I laughed because she was only telling me to get back to fucking. I did as instructed and counted out the strokes to each of the three words out loud until I started groaning too heavily to continue and my orgasm crushed me. I thought the first shot of cum would blow my cock right off and it pulled Alexis over the top of her orgasm. She screamed hard and dug her fingernails into my shoulder as she pulled her torso back up to hang off me. My hips were spastically driving my cock down with each spurt and her hips were thrusting up to receive it. Her legs were trapped my mine but her knees kicked up between my legs and on one spastic surge, her thigh crushed my balls against me. It hurt some at first but only grew more painful over the next several seconds. She realized instantly what she had done and she watched my facial contortions with concern as the pain grew.

Thankfully, my balls had already expended their load. Alexis was still in the throes of her orgasm as she writhed around under me. The pain in my groin was still growing so I rolled off to Alexis' side and curled up in a fetal position trying to will the pain away. Alexis' fingers flew to her sex and began furious strumming her clitoris and fingering her pussy to make sure she finished her orgasm.

Before I could even pull my knees up, Yu-Gin was lying flat on the bed between Alexis' spread legs with her face buried in her pussy. Alexis pulled her hands back and placed them firmly on the top of Yu-Gin's head. She held Yu-Gin in place as she spastically thrust her hips upward, driving her pussy onto her lips. Yu-Gin's tongue was frantically flicking Alexis' clitoris and then driving into her pussy until Alexis burst out a loud scream of pure pleasure and then almost instantly settled her hips back to the bed pulling Yu-Gin's face with them.

Alexis' hips continued to pulse randomly and Yu-Gin kept her tongue imbedded in Alexi's pussy until they stopped. The pain in my groin had peaked and descended and I was watching Alexis's hips and Yu-Gin's face ride through the last of the pulses. I chuckled to myself when Yu-Gin pulled her head from Alexis' grip. Half of her face from her nose to her chin was dripping with Alexis' vaginal juices and cum. She saw me grin and ran her hand around her face and looked at her palm. She burst out laughing and then slurped up the mixture with her tongue. She said, "Yummy. Breakfast." We all burst out laughing. Yu-Gin crawled up Alexis' body and offered her face to Alexis who dragged her tongue across her lips and cheeks. They kissed each other and then Yu-Gin pulled back, swiveled her body up and stood at the foot of the bed. Her unusually long nipples perched atop her small pancakes titties were incongruous. I couldn't pull my gaze away from them.

Yu-Gin said, "I have to get going. Should I call a cab or can you drop me back at the dorm?" Alexis and I were kissing again and didn't answer immediately. Yu-Gin watched us for a moment and then said "I'll call a cab. You guys carry on."

As Yu-Gin disappeared around the doorframe into the kitchen, Alexis broke our kiss and yelled, "Hunter can drive you home." Her face popped back into view with a grin.

She said, "I'll get myself presentable. I don't want to look like the special menu item at the local whorehouse." We all laughed at that visual image. She disappeared around the doorframe again and we went back to sucking face. A half hour later, Yu-Gin came into the bedroom fully dressed. Her hair and makeup were done. She looked great. She sat down in the only overstuffed chair and said, "No need to hurry." The sarcasm was thick and I knew she meant just the opposite. I rolled across the top of Alexis dragging my semi-erect cock across her sex. I kissed her again and dropped my feet to the floor. I grabbed my jeans from the floor and pulled them on. I struggled to get my cock in so I wouldn't catch loose skin when I zipped my pants. I grabbed a clean shirt and pulled it over my shoulder. Yu-Gin groaned at the vision of my ripped torso with my arms up high as I pulled my arms into the sleeves about to pull it down to my trim waist. When my head popped through the neck of the shirt I saw Yu-Gin lightly biting her knuckle on her index finger. She had that sultry look on her face again.

I pulled on my sneaker without socks and stood up and said, "Ready?"

Yu-Gin walked past me to the side of the bed and bent down and seductively kissed Alexis. Even though she was whispering, I heard every word, "I don't know how you two ever get out of bed. If he was mine, I'd chain him right here and fuck him senseless." She giggled a moment and continued, "I suppose I'd have to feed him once in awhile too."

Alexis giggled at that and then whispered back, "I don't have to chain him here." Yu-Gin smiled and stood up and walked past me grabbing the buckle of my pants as she went by.

She said, "Come on 'Meat'. We're burning daylight."

I laughed and said, "John Wayne, Cowboys, 1972. Well, kind of a paraphrase actually. He didn't say the 'Come on 'Meat' part."

She stopped and looked up at me as I grinned down at her. She wagged her index finger at me and said, "Don't you make me love you any more than I already do."

Alexis was lying on her side watching us as we went through the kitchen door. She yelled out, "Have fun." I was at the bottom of the stairs heading for the Subaru with the keys in my hand before thinking, 'I don't know who that parting comment from Alexis was meant for, Yu-Gin or me.'

Yu-Gin gave me directions back on campus. I didn't know which dorm she lived in but it seemed apparent to me that it wasn't either of the dorms that we dropped Jan, Josie and Nina last night or they would have said something if Yu-Gin didn't get out with them. I was surprised when Yu-Gin's directions led me back to Nina and Josie's dorm. I looked at her with surprise on my face and she giggled. She guessed what I was thinking and said, "This isn't my dorm. I'm meeting Josie and Nina here. We were hoping you could drop us off at the mall. We'll find our own way home on the bus.

I smiled and said, "Sure. No problem. Where should I park?" She directed me to visitor parking. "Should I wait or come in?"

Yu-Gin said, "You know women. Who knows if they're ready or not. It may be a little wait. Maybe you should come in." We walked through the lobby doors to the bank of two elevators. It took forever for the hydraulic elevator to arrive and the doors to inch open. Yu-Gin pushed the "five" button and it was an even longer ride to our destination. We stepped out to the hallway. Scantily clad girls were scurrying everywhere.

One of the girls yelled, "Man on the floor." The alert seemed to reverberate down the hall. I followed Yu-Gin as one of the girls ran past in the opposite direction with her hands over her naked breasts. My cock surged a little harder from the visual stimulation. Yu-Gin stopped at one of the doors and rapped on it a couple times with her knuckles. After a moment the door flew open into the room and Josie was standing there in the open doorway totally nude. My cock surged the rest of the way and was pushing uncomfortably on my pants.

Josie folded her arms across her ample tits and stepped back behind the door. Yu-Gin wasn't fazed at all and she stepped into the room and announced, "Our ride is here."

Josie yelled from behind the door, "For Christ's sake Yu-Gin, you could have warned us that you were coming with Hunter. We thought you were coming by cab."

Nina wasn't the slightest concerned about me standing in the door. She was wearing a bra with more flesh hanging out that being contained. She was also wearing a thong. My personal opinion was that she was a little too beefy in the ass to be wearing a thong but opinions are like assholes; everyone has one. Nina walked across the room to the door and took my hand and dragged me inside and slammed the door. Josie was no longer hidden behind the door and she was looking for anything she could find to hide her naked body. Yu-Gin mimicked Josie's initial comment as she said "For Christ's sake Josie, quit the histrionics. You'd think a guy has never seen you naked before; especially one that you can't stop yakking about fucking his brains out."

Josie looked quickly at me and her face went instant red. I could tell she wished that she was anywhere else but there. The Southwest Airline commercial "Want to get away?" flashed through my mind. She averted her eyes and fled the room in the nude. Nina chastised Yu-Gin for embarrassing Josie like that. It was one thing for Yu-Gin to out Josie like that but it was cruel to out her to the very guy she had made it known that she had a crush on. I was obviously aroused but I was also amused by how cruel and catty girls could be with each other.

Nina opened the door and stepped into the hall. I was now behind the door so I couldn't see what she was doing out there. I thought maybe she was looking to Josie. I looked over at Yu-Gin and she was taking her clothes off. My first thought was she was changing but I quickly realized that this was not her room. The door opened and Nina had removed her bra and had hung it over the outside doorknob. She shut the door and looked at me like she was a wolf and I was a cornered rabbit. She cupped her huge tits in her hands and pushed them up under her chin. While watching me watching her, she dragged her tongue over each of her nipples and then sucked one between her lips and then the other.

As I watched Nina, Yu-Gin had stripped naked. My cock was as hard as a granite post as I looked at Yu-Gin and then back and Nina as she was pulling down her thong. Nina took my left hand and Yu-Gin took my right and led me to one of the two twin sized beds pushed up against the wall. I towered over both of these girls. Yu-Gin was no more than 5'0" and Nina may have been 5'4". Nina went for my belt buckle as Yu-Gin went for my zipper. They finished their tasks at the same time and my jeans fell to the floor. I kicked off my sockless sneakers and pulled my feet out of the jeans. As usual, I had dressed 'commando' when I got ready to drive Yu-Gin home. I figured I was dropping her off and going back home.

My cock stuck up between my shirt-tails. They both attacked the buttons and in seconds I was as naked as they were. Nina grabbed my cock in a vise-like grip. Her fingers came nowhere near closing around my fatty. She apparently thought that if she squeezed it really hard that she could make it. No chance. She knelt down on one knee and pushed my velvety helmet to her lips and kissed it and ran her tongue around the ridge. Yu-Gin came over and knelt beside Nina and said, "It's huge. I've had sex many times before but never with a cock like that." She grinned at Nina and continued, "At least before last night."

Nina pulled her lips back and said, "You slut. You two were fucking in the backseat last night weren't you?" Yu-Gin smiled and nodded. "Well if your tiny little self can fuck this cock then I guess I can too." With that she stretched her lips over the top of my cock and after a moment to adjust, she started giving me a fantastic blowjob. I put my hands on her multi-colored short blonde hair and held her still as I gently fucked her face. I wasn't sure how much she could take so when she gagged out, "MMMMUUUMMPPPHH MUMMPPHH," I didn't force any more cock than that into her mouth.

Nina opened her mouth all the way open and started, "AAAWWWKKK AWWKKK AWWWKKK," as I pistoned my cock in her mouth. I slowed my attack on her mouth to see what she had in mind going forward. She took the opportunity to pull her mouth off my cock and slurp in gobs of her saliva. She collected what she could and spit it on the end of my cock and stroked it with her hand several times. Yu-Gin had sat back on her heels and watched Nina display her obvious blowjob skills.

Nina pushed herself up high on her knees and pivoted away from me and dropped her hands to the floor in a doggy position. I accepted the invitation and slid to my knees on the floor behind her. I guided my cock to her sex and ran the head along her pussy which was sopping wet. Yu-Gin smiled at me and whispered, "Fuck her in the ass." I shook my head and pushed my glans into her pussy. Nina groaned hard at the invasion. I stopped as the fattest part pushed into her vagina. Her torso and head sagged to the floor as a continuous groan escaped her lungs. Then she muttered, "Oh my gawwwddd. Too fucking big. Jesus. Jesus." I pushed further into her and her head came up off the floor and she screamed through the entire penetration.

Her scream was loud enough to be concerned about others coming to investigate and sure enough as I was holding at full penetration in Nina's pussy, a loud knock on the door and someone yelled, "Is everything okay in there?"

Yu-Gin got up and stepped to the door. She opened it a crack and said, "Everything is fine. We're just rehearsing our lines." I cringed at that explanation as I pulled my cock out of her and pushed back in hard eliciting another scream from Nina. Yu-Gin said to the person at the door, "See. She's a pretty good screamer." The door closed and Yu-Gin chastised Nina for being too loud as she searched through Nina's desk for something to stuff in her mouth. She came back with a giggle and stuffed Nina's nine inch silicon dildo in her mouth. Nina groaned with embarrassment but she didn't remove the dildo. She pushed her ample ass back into me and I began fucking her hard. In less than two minutes, Nina was crushed by a massive orgasm as she screamed into the dildo. She writhed all over the floor and I had to hang on to her hips to keep my cock engaged. She removed the dildo and groaned, "OH FUCK. GAWWDD DAMMNN WHAT A COCK. It makes my dildo seem like a pencil."

Yu-Gin giggled at Nina's statement and said, "It is isn't it." I figured that Yu-Gin wanted some of my cock too so I was not hurrying to catch up with Nina, whose orgasm dispersed as quickly as it arrived. Her pussy pulsed for a couple minutes and then she pulled herself off my cock and sat down on the floor and stretched her lips over my glans to taste herself. She seemed pleased with how she tasted. I pushed her backward onto her elbows behind her and dipped my tongue into her pussy to taste her. I smiled and smacked my lips. She was happy that I thought she tasted good too. I dragged my tongue from her anus to her clitoris, which was too sensitive for any stimulation. She groaned hard and pulsed her hips at me when I touched it.

As I was bent down sucking vaginal fluids from Nina's pussy, I felt a hand grip my cock hard and stroke up and down the slippery shaft. I assumed it was Yu-Gin but it wasn't. It was Josie. She was just as naked as she was when she fled the room earlier. Yu-Gin was grinning at me and stroking her own pussy as Josie jerked on my cock. I looked up over Nina's body to her grinning face. She said, "Yu-Gin and I just want to fuck your cock whenever we can. Alexis is very generous. Josie really has a crush on you so be careful with her."

Josie immediately said, "I'm right here guys. I know all I can have is his cock on occasion. But what a cock it is."

I said, "I'm right here ladies." They all burst out laughing and then Josie pushed my raging hard cock past her lips and into her mouth. She gagged about halfway down and marked the spot with her hand. She rapidly drove her mouth down to the gag point and back up over and over again. She was by far the most beautiful girl in the room. Even close to Alexis. With her beautiful face sucking hard on my cock I could feel my orgasm approaching so I said, "Josie. Sweetheart. I'm going to cum soon so if you want to fuck, you will need to stop." I knew I could cum in her mouth and still be able to fuck her to orgasm but I wanted to cum with her.

Reluctantly, she pulled her gorgeous face off my cock. She slurped up the excess saliva and spit it on the head of my cock. I invited her to sit in my lap and she understood right away. She placed her feet by my hips and sat down on my cock. As she settled down she groaned hard and then let out a little scream as the fattest part of my cock pushed into the entrance of her vagina. She pushed her feet around behind me and rocked her hips on my cock. She moaned, "OH FUCK. IT'S BETTER THAN I IMAGINED. HOLY SHIT."
