 After the final morning football practice ended at noon, I drove to the apartment. I would have to start thinking of it as 'home'. By anyone's standard it was small but it was ours. When I stepped onto the landing and grabbed the door handle it was locked. I looked back to the parking lot and noted that Emma's Mercedes was not there. I unlocked the door and was surprised to see that the middle of the kitchen floor was clear of boxes. I looked around the apartment and noticed that the place was looking more like a home than when I left. I went to the coat closet to stow my duffle bag but there wasn't enough room in there to add a piece of paper. I pushed hard to get the door closed again.

Just then the back door to the parking lot kicked open and slammed against one of the kitchen chairs. Emma stepped in with an arm full of paper-bags. She smiled up at me and pushed the bags at me. I took them and looked inside. Groceries; I placed them on the kitchen table. Alexis was right behind her with two more bags. She placed them on the counter. I went out to the car and brought in the final three bags. When I had deposited the bags on the counter, Alexis pushed herself into my arms and stretched up for a kiss. I happily obliged. Emma was already moving the contents of the bags to the cupboards or the refrigerator.

Still in my arms, Alexis said, "After you left, Mom and I toured the campus. We found the buildings I will have most of my classes in. They're not far from where your classes are." I could see the wheels turning in her over-sexed mind.

I smiled down at her, "Okay, Babe. What are you thinking?"

She grinned and said, "Oh nothing. Just saying." I pulled her closer and hugged her hard. Emma was leaning against the counter watching us with a big smile on her face and then returned to unpacking the groceries. I released Alexis and she went to help her mother. I sat down at the kitchen table and watched them. Emma was putting things were she thought they should go but in several instances it was clear that Alexis had a different opinion as she would move some items from where Emma had put them to another cupboard. Emma watched Alexis do this a few times and then looked over at me and smiled. She understood that even though Alexis had grown up in her house were everything was where Emma wanted it, she was in Alexis' house now and she was going to change things just for the sake of changing them. I smiled back at Emma as she abandoned the unpacking and came and sat down beside me. We both watched as Alexis scurried around the kitchen unpacking the remaining groceries.

When she was done, she was smiling to herself. She looked at us grinning at her. We were amused by her show of independence. She was so excited. "What are you guys grinning at?" she said.

I shook my head and said, "Nothing Babe." I looked at Emma and she burst out laughing. Alexis frowned as she realized that she was the object of our amusement.

Emma cut her laughter off and said, "Alexis, sweetie. Seriously. You are glowing right now." Alexis broke into a huge grin.

We talked for quite a while about what to expect these next few days. The first half week of classes would be registering and finding class-rooms, figuring out how long it takes to get from class to class, buying books at the book store or scouring the bulletin boards and websites for someone selling second hand books. It would be a busy few days but no learning started until next week. Meeting tons of new people had been a problem for me last year. I couldn't remember names and it was embarrassing. Alexis meets people really well though. Everyone wants to be her friend. The huge engagement ring on her hand would dissuade most of the guys, but it actually attracted the girls who wanted to 'ooh' and 'aah' over it.

I picked up my duffle bag that I had dropped by the bed earlier and headed out to my afternoon practice. Alexis kissed me at the back door and said that she would have dinner on when I got home. We grinned at each other as we realized that was a new thing that would become a routine thing.

The coach again relegated the non-rookies to laps, wind-sprints and calisthenics while he and his staff made final assessments of the freshman candidates. We would find out before we went home today who had made the team. Across the field, the final decisions on who made the Cheerleader's squad were being announced and Dean was paying more attention to that than the calisthenics. As I expected, the more attractive girls were jumping up and down and screaming while the less attractive ones, who were often better gymnasts, consoled each other in tears. I felt bad for them because talent and ability didn't play any role in the decisions. People put their butts in the stadium seats to see beautiful girls flashing their pom-poms in skimpy outfits. It was plain and simple. It was a fact of life. Alexis would have won a spot on the squad just for showing up even though she couldn't do a split or any of the other moves. At that moment I totally agreed with her disdain for the concept.

Dean was all smiles as he saw his list of hopefuls come to fruition. He raised his hand in a high-five and I half-heartedly slapped it before returning to our workout. At the end of practice, the coach gathered us together and coldly announced who had been cut. One sophomore and eight freshmen hung their heads in shame as we jogged to the locker-room. I lagged behind and shook each of the rejected player's hands and urged them to try again next year. To a man, they smiled as though it was no big deal, but I knew better. They would recover quickly; but right then each was in pain. At least the decision process for these guys was based on skill and ability and not some political process that the girls had to endure.

I showered and dressed and drove home in silence. My mind fast-rewound to last year, when I was one of the freshmen who made the team, I was so gloriously happy. The pain of those rejected never touched me. I didn't even notice. This year, I wasn't fearful of being cut so I could watch the process work around me. My mood was dark when I pulled into my parking slot and trudged up the stairs to the back door with my duffle bag thrown over my shoulder.

Alexis met me at the door dressed in a very sexy outfit. Just the sight of her lifted my spirits. The kitchen was dimly lit with candles. Emma stood in the doorway from the bedroom. She was dressed very sexy too. Alexis pulled the duffle bag off my shoulder and discovered quickly that it was too heavy for her to carry and it fell to the floor with a thud. She looked at the bag on the floor for a moment and then up at me. She said, "What do you have in there anyway; a dead body?" I grinned at her and bent down to kiss her and pull her body against mine. I kissed her softly at first but it quickly grew into a passionate one with open mouths and flicking tongues. When we separated she said, "Well, that's what I was looking for. When you came in I thought your best friend had died or something."

I nodded and said, "Today was "cut day". It's was depressing. Then to watch the Cheerleaders get cut just because they weren't pretty enough was the icing on the cake. Anyway; what's for dinner? It smells wonderful." The black mood was set aside and I kissed Alexis again as she motioned me toward my seat at the table. Emma came in and gave me a kiss too before she sat down beside me. Alexis, with much help from her mother, had cooked a small turkey. She had mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce and string beans and carrots and she made three plates and deposited them in front of us. We ate and talked about nothing in particular.

As my mood improved, I started noticing things that made my mood even better. Neither Alexis nor Emma were wearing a bra. I leaned over the edge of the table and lifted Emma's skirt and she wasn't wearing any underwear either. She playfully slapped my hand and I dropped her skirt. Alexis saw me do that and she got up from the table like she was going back for seconds. She playfully lifted her skirt to her waist displaying her magnificent bare ass. I had an instant boner that I had to adjust in my pants. Alexis asked if I wanted seconds and I took her up on her offer. Alexis and Emma sat and sipped their water glasses as I finished every bite. When I was finished Alexis and Emma cleared the table and placed everything in the sink.

Emma said, "You guys go hook up the TV. I'll do the dishes." Alexis and I went to the bedroom. The flat-screen TV was mounted to its stand but sat on the floor against the wall. There weren't many choices for where to put it. The cable connections were on the wall between the bedroom and the kitchen. I moved a table to that wall and lifted the TV and centered it on the table. I plugged in the cables and the power and pushed the power button on the remote. Voila, we had entertainment.

When Emma heard the TV on she came in from the kitchen to see. She couldn't see from the doorway so she came in and sat down on the edge of the bed beside me. Alexis sat on the other side. Emma said, "That's a great picture. Huh?"

I let out a moan as Alexis' hand was in my pants stroking my rapidly expanding cock. Emma looked at me and then down at my crotch. Alexis turned her attention from the TV to look at Emma, who was now alternating her gaze from my crotch to Alexis' face. Emma had an odd look on her face. It was a pleading look and Alexis grinned at her mother and pulled my cock out of my pants. Emma moved to her knees beside my legs and unbuckled and unzipped my pants. She untied my shoes and pulled them off. My pants followed as I lifted my ass off the bed to facilitate her.

Alexis was jerking me off at a pretty good pace and Emma couldn't take her eyes off my cock. Emma was timing Alexis' hand stroking up and down the full length of my shaft and then she added her hand to the mix. I leaned back against my outstretched arms locked behind me and watched these two gorgeous women stroking my cock. I was so hard and the sensation was incredible. Neither of them could get their fingers around the circumference so they compensated with strong grips.

Alexis looked from my cock to her mother's face and nodded with a grin. Emma bent forward and gently kissed my glans. Alexis dropped off the bed to her knees on the other side of my legs and she pushed her face close to Emma's. She kissed her mother with an open mouth when Emma lifted her lips off my cock. With both of them stroking my cock, they eagerly searched for the other's tongue and lips in a long passionate kiss. Emma moaned hard as she sucked Alexis' tongue between her lips. The erotic scene made my cock grow harder. Their strokes were getting spastic and while they were in sync at the beginning, they weren't now. They were wrestling each other for control of my cock.

Alexis groaned loudly and pulled back from Emma's lips. She smiled and said, "Take him to heaven, Mom." She released her hand from my cock and it was immediately replace by Emma's other hand. She kissed my glans again and then pushed it between her lips and stopped right there. She was staring me right in the eyes as her tongue worked the spot at the base of my glans and her hands worked up and down the shaft in counter-rotating motion.

Alexis watched for more than a minute before she stood up and stripped off her dress which was all she had on. She pushed me to lie back on the bed and I released my arms from behind me. My feet were on the floor and Emma moved between my knees. Alexis crawled up on the bed and kissed me hard. She moaned as she slowly pulled her teeth across my lower lip and then sucked it back onto her lips. She moaned again. I caressed her tits and fondled her rock hard nipples and she gently placed her hands on top of mine.

Emma was still double-pumping her hands on my cock as she started pulling her mouth off my glans and then pushed it back in. She was giving me a blowjob on only the glans and it was amazing. She tipped her head forward and back and dragged her upper teeth gently across the velvety head. I groaned hard into Alexis' mouth and flicked my tongue along her lips. She sucked my tongue like it was a cock and I groaned hard again.

I wanted Alexis' pussy so bad. I wanted to suck and nibble on her labia and drill my tongue as deep into her as possible. I was breathing so hard from Emma's ministrations and my own imagination of tongue-fucking Alexis. There was a sense of urgency in my balls as Emma was literally sucking my orgasm out of me. I mentally pushed it back as I lifted Alexis by the waist up and over my torso. She squealed and hung on to my face with her hands to steady herself.

Alexis pulled her knees up by my arms and when I set her down, they were on either side of my head. As she lifted her torso up to a kneeling position I was looking straight up along her flat stomach, between her tits at her grinning face looking down. She lowered her hands to my face and caressed my cheeks. Then she adjusted her position and slid her pussy over my lips and groaned loudly, "OH BABY. YESSS. EAT MY PUSSY."

I flicked my tongue across her swollen clitoris and she yelped and pulled herself up away from my attack. She quickly dropped back down for more and I drilled my tongue between her labia and as deep into her vagina as I could push it. She shuddered and started driving her hips forward and back dragging her pussy on my tongue. Her chest surged forward and she moved her hands from my face to her tits. She was fingering her extremely erect nipples as she rocked her hips on my face.

I was concentrating so hard on Alexis' pussy that I had successfully warded off my orgasm. Emma was persistent though as she started a rapid deep-throat blowjob that was pulling my concentration back to her. I groaned hard into Alexis' pussy as my hips shot upward driving Emma's head up with them. When my hips fell back to the bed, Emma's lips didn't follow and my cock pulled out of Emma's mouth with a 'pop'. She slurped saliva off the glans and returned to her two fisted handjob while she flexed her jaw.

Emma got to her feet and stripped off her dress and turned around facing the kitchen and moved back between my spread legs. Her calves hit the bed frame and she placed her hands behind her on my hips and sat down with my cock between her legs. She dragged her sex up and down my shaft several times, separating her labia and grinding her clitoris along the top of the shaft. She groaned hard, "OH FUCK. THIS IS GOING TO FEEL SO GOOD."

I could feel my orgasm building again and I forced my attention back to Alexis' pussy. She was flooding my face with her vaginal juices as she was in a constant groan, "AAAHHHH" interrupted only by urgent gasps for air. I used my broad tongue to lap up her juices and then I sucked her clitoris between my lips and started sucking on it like it was a mini-cock. She screamed out loud, "OH JESUS. OH JESUSSSS. HEEEEERREEE ITTT COMMMESSSSSS." Her hips pulsed once and she yelled out, "OOOHHHH GAWWDDDD. YESSSS." Then she went completely spastic as she began bouncing all over my face. I grabbed her hips so my tongue could keep up the attack.

Alexis' hands came down on my forehead. She used them as a pivot point to drive her hips hard into my face. She screamed hard again. I totally forgot about my cock. I was so engrossed in driving my tongue into Alexis. Her head fell back on her neck and her chin hung down. She was breathing unbelievably hard between moans.

Emma waited for Alexis' orgasm to build to a crushing Tsunami before she made her presence known as she lifted herself up and guided my cock into her pussy. I groaned hard into Alexis' pussy as Emma descended to the thickest part of my cock and stopped. She grabbed it hard with her vaginal muscles and I groaned again.

Alexis' orgasm slowly diminished and her breathing, which had been furious gasps for oxygen, had now become more normal. She dropped her head forward and looked down between her tits at me. She grinned at me and I flicked my tongue on her super-sensitive clitoris and she pulled her sex away from my face and moaned, "AAAAHHHH."

Now my breathing was ramping up in response to Emma's grinding fuck as she demanded my attention by manually clamping her pussy on my cock before letting gravity pull her down the length of my shaft. She let out a groan too. I closed up my legs pressing Emma's thighs together as she pushed herself back up. A tremor coursed through her body and she increased her pace. With my feet on the floor outside of hers I could rock my hips up and down aiding her fucking motion.

Alexis pushed herself off my face and pivoted around and sat down on my chest with her feet at my waist. She reached around Emma and hefted her huge tits in her hands. Emma leaned back and turned her head to offer Alexis a kiss. Alexis bent forward and kissed her mother on the lips. Emma was pushing herself up my cock and releasing and falling back down. Emma's hands went to Alexis' hands. I rocked my hips down pulling my cock almost out of Emma's sex and then started pistoning my cock at a furious pace and every muscle in Emma's body went rigid. She groaned out a steady stream of "AAAHHHHHHH," that was routinely interrupted by each upward motion of my cock into her pussy.

As Emma's head rolled from side to side against Alexis' chest she mumbled around gasps for air, "Oh fuck.... Baby Girl.... I'mm gonna.... cummm... Oh my.... gawwwd... I'mm gonna.... explode." She stopped her actions and let me take over. My orgasm was coming on hard and it was not to be denied this time. I went with it and increased my pace as my muscles started to tighten. I wanted to feel Emma explode into her orgasm before I released myself and it came in only seconds.

When I felt the first strong clench of her pussy on my cock, I let myself go. Emma screamed hard with my first rope of cum blasting into her pussy. She yelled out, "OH MY GAAWWDD. I'MM GONNA SQUIRT. OH SHIT." There was no keeping my cock in her pussy then. I had no idea what would happen if I forced my rock hard shaft that was spurting stream after stream of cum into Emma's pussy while she was squirting and when she let out an intense scream I pulled my cock from her. It was followed immediately by a long stream of juices and an even longer scream.

What a sight this must have been. I couldn't see because Alexis' body was in the way. I could feel Emma's squirt on my cock as I was in the midst of firing multiple long streams of cum straight up in the air. The flow of her liquid disrupted the flow of pearly, white cum from my cock. I discovered later that my cum had launched up in the air and landed on Emma's shoulders and chest and Alexis' hands holding Emma's tits. Alexis licked it up wherever she could find it. She described the scene to me later that night. I wished I had seen it personally. It sounded really hot.

When we had all got our breathing back to normal we all sprawled across the bed cuddling with each other. We laid there watching TV with our legs and arms all entwined with each other. I fell asleep with the TV on but I woke up later to relieve my bladder and the TV was off. I pulled myself to the bottom of the bed so I wouldn't wake them. When I got back, Emma had slid over to my spot and was cuddled up behind Alexis in a spoon position. I slid under the covers in Emma's spot and spooned up behind Emma.

By morning, we had all turned over so Emma was spooning with me and Alexis was spooning with Emma. Emma's fingers were wrapped around my morning woody and it felt great. She was still asleep so her grip was loose. I slowly moved my position so I was lying on my back. Emma's hand moved with my cock which was now pitching a tent in the bedclothes. She slid her head off her pillow onto my shoulder and snuggled over closer. I was hoping she would wake up but in another minute she was snoring lightly.
