 Dee and Jarrod's Wedding weekend was over. They had flown off to Paris after the reception. My two gorgeous ladies, Alexis and her mother, Emma had found numerous ways for us to enjoy sex together and with others including a neighbor from across the street. We started out at bedtime on our last night in the guest bedroom with Emma in Dee's bedroom. We finished with all three of us in the guest room. I don't think any of us had even moved an inch since we fell asleep last night. Emma and Alexis were still entwined with each other. Emma was lying on her back with her left leg over Alexis' hips. Alexis was lying on her right side with her left leg over Emma's right leg. Alexis' left hand was resting on Emma's pelvis with her fingers on her mothers' pussy. Alexis' head was lying on Emma's left breast, trapping Emma's left arm beside her. Emma's right hand lay across her chest with her hand on Alexis' left breast. Alexis was doing her 'puffing' thing. When I looked closer, I could see that Alexis was drooling on Emma's left tit.

I glanced at the clock on the nightstand. It read 7:12 AM. The sun was creeping across the ceiling through the mostly closed drapes. For once, I was on the outside of the bed so I didn't have to disturb them when I crawled to the edge and stood up. I stretched every muscle as I lifted my arms to the ceiling. My ever-present morning woody bobbed up and down. I dropped my arms and my right hand wrapped around the shaft and took a couple strokes from tip to balls. I cupped my balls and gently stretched my scrotum. 

I walked around the bed and into the bathroom. I gently closed the door. I didn't want to wake them but I needed a shower badly. I reeked of sex, again. I relieved my bladder while the temperature in the shower adjusted and then I stepped in. I lathered myself from head to toe. Other than at home, I hadn't taken a shower by myself for some time. I stroked my unusually hard cock with my sudsy hands several times and contemplated getting myself off. I opted not to. I released my cock and finished rinsing off. I shut the water off and stepped out to the tile floor.

I dried off and stepped to the sink. I could hear music playing somewhere. I opened the door to the bedroom and discovered that the clock radio must have been set for an alarm at 7:30 AM. Neither Emma nor Alexis had bothered to turn it off. They were otherwise engaged at the moment. Alexis' left hand that had been resting on Emma's pelvis was now working her fingers in and out of Emma's pussy and Emma was moaning as she tweaked Alexis' nipple which was rock hard. Neither of them paid any attention to me when I opened the bathroom door.

I went directly to one of the two overstuffed leather chairs in the room and sat down to watch. I wrapped my fingers around my stiff shaft again and started slowly jerking myself off as I watched them. They were in no hurry as their fingers worked slowly. Alexis lifted her face off Emma's tit to kiss her. A silvery thread of saliva followed her movement to Emma's lips. Emma's tongue pushed out between her lips and broke the thread and then flicked across Alexis' lips. They kissed passionately as their breathing started to increase. Alexis moaned and sucked Emma's tongue into her mouth. Emma moaned too. They were heating up and their hands started moving to other areas of their bodies. 

Alexis pulled her face away from Emma and struggled up to her knees. Alexis' fingers stayed where they were as she maneuvered her face down to Emma's pussy and threw her right leg across Emma's body to settle her pussy down on Emma's lips. Their breathing was ragged and I was feeling their heat too.

When Alexis drove her curled tongue into her mother's pussy, Emma screamed out, "OH MY GAWWWDDD. YESS. OH FUCK BABY GIRL. EAT YOUR MOMMA'S PUSSY." After she settled back again Emma licked her broad tongue from Alexis' anus to her clitoris and it was Alexis' turn to scream out. Then Emma curled her tongue and drove the tip into Alexis' pussy. Alexis groaned hard and pushed her face back down in Emma's pussy. Emma pushed her lips over Alexis' protruded and puffy clitoris and sucked it in. This pulled Alexis out of Emma's pussy as she groaned, "Fuck Mom." She rested her forehead on Emma's sex and gasped for air for several seconds.

From my vantage point I was looking directly into Emma's pussy as Alexis pushed her tongue back in. Emma's hips flared upward searching for more tongue. Alexis gave it to her and Emma started furiously bucking her hips as Alexis hung on. I was certain that Emma's orgasm was close and within thirty seconds, Emma's hips surged upward as she groaned out, "OH MY GAWWD. OH BABY, HERE IT COMES. OH FUCK." Alexis pulled her lips back just in case Emma was going to squirt. I could see Emma's pussy pulsing and grabbing hard as Emma wheezed air into her lungs and 'shhhhd' it out through her clenched teeth. Her lips lost contact with Alexis' sex as her head snapped rapidly from side to side as she muttered, "OOOHHHH. OHHHH. OHHHH."

When Emma's orgasm had crested and started to diminish, Alexis pushed her tongue right back in again and Emma exploded into another huge orgasm. She let out a scream I was sure would bring the neighbors. Alexis kept the pressure on as she hooked her hands under Emma's ass and rode her like a bronco. Emma screamed again in a sustained wail for several seconds and then her entire body just collapsed in on itself. Alexis pulled her face out of Emma's pussy and lifted her head to look at me for the first time this morning. She saw what I was doing and she said, "Don't you dare waste that," as she nodded at my cock in my hand.

Alexis apparently knew that Emma was done and she hadn't got off yet. I wagged my cock at her and she smiled. She flexed her index finger at me inviting me on to the bed. I grinned at her and climbed the bed to lay beside Emma who was furiously searching for air to breathe. She gave no indication that she even knew I was there. Alexis had rolled herself off her mother's body to the opposite side and then moved around Emma on her hands and knees. My cock had dropped onto my stomach and then lifted a few inches before slapping back down on my stomach again.

Alexi crawled up my body and sat her ass down on my thighs with her feet planted on the bed at my hips. She wrapped her fingers around my hard cock and started jerking me off. I groaned hard and lifted my hips which lifted Alexis up a foot before I let my hips fall back to the bed. Alexis was horny and she wasted no time with preliminaries. She used her legs to pull herself forward as she bent my cock down to her pussy. In its erect state, it didn't want to bend that way and I was forced to do a sit-up to relieve the strain. As I came up, she leaned forward and kissed me passionately on the lips as she guided my cock into her pussy. She pushed herself up onto my hips and drove my cock deep into her pussy. She flinched from the size and groaned out, "Shit. That hurts so good." She didn't wait as she started driving her hips forward and backward. I planted my hands on the bed behind me to lean against as Alexis furiously fucked my cock.

Her torso was fixed in place as her spine arched and her hips rocked. She was in total control until she wasn't and when her orgasm took control she wasn't. As it came onto her she tensed every muscle tighter and tighter and then whimpered as her muscles released all at once. Her eyes went wide and she mumbled, "OH FUCK. I'MM GONNNNEEEE." Her hips went spastic and she couldn't maintain a rhythm. I put my arms around her back and held her. She leaned her face into my chest and groaned over and over again. I was close and I hurried to catch up with her. Alexis felt my cock harden and she yelled, "YES. BABY. CUM WITH ME."

My breathing doubled and as the first shot erupted from my balls, I groaned out loud, "YYYUUUNNGGGGG." I groaned with each blast of cum. Alexis groaned too. When I finished it was only a few moments before my cock started to soften. I fell onto my back bringing Alexis with me. She kissed my chest again and I kissed the top of her head. After several minutes we both had recovered our breath. Emma crawled over and joined us in our embrace. She kissed me on the lips and I reciprocated. As my cock softened, cum leaked out of Alexis' pussy and ran down my balls.

While Alexis and I took a shower, Emma stripped the bedding and threw it all in the washer. Emma was stepping into the shower as we were rinsing off. I couldn't resist soaping up Emma's tits though so I stayed behind. We didn't start anything and Emma and I stepped out of the shower as Alexis finished at the sink. I vigorously dried Emma's body. She laughed hard as she half-heartedly tried to avoid my hands. 

We finished getting ourselves ready to go and Emma put the bedding back on the guest bed and checked around the apartment to make sure it wasn't left dirty. Dee would probably not be back here for a while as she would be moving into Jarrod's house when they came back from Paris. I disposed of the trash and we carried our garment bags and suitcases to the elevator. After filling the trunk with our luggage Emma held up the keys and said, "Who wants to drive?" as she looked at Alexis.

Alexis' right hand shot in the air and she yelled, "Me!" If she had any thoughts of her and me having sex on the way home it flew from her mind at that instant. Alexis had had a license for a couple years but almost never drove and this was the first time that either of her parents had offered for her to drive them. She had sort of driven my van once before. I say sort of because she held the wheel while she sat on my lap with my cock fucking her pussy while I pressed the accelerator and brake. 

Emma tossed the keys at Alexis and she caught them with both hands. She looked back at me. She had the biggest grin ever on her face. She quickly moved around the car and into the driver's seat. I got in the back behind her and Emma did the same bumping me over to the rear passenger seat. It wasn't until that moment that Alexis realized what had just happened. She turned in her seat and said to her mother, "I see how it is. Very smooth Mom." Emma giggled and threw an air-kiss to Alexis. Her hand was already unzipping my pants. Alexis watched for a few moments and then turned back to the front and started the engine. She adjusted the rear view mirror so she could watch the action like Emma had done a few days earlier on their way there. As she reversed from the parking spot she said, "Hunter. You'd better save some of that for me when we get home." I laughed. There was always some for her whenever.

We were on the road for fifteen minutes before we reached the freeway. Emma hadn't done much other than pull my granite hard cock from its confines and put her palm on the glans and drag her fingernails up and down the shaft paying particular attention to the bundle of nerves just below the glans. She didn't look down to watch. She seemed to concentrate on the road as if to make sure Alexis was driving okay before she could turn her attentions elsewhere. My head was tipped back to the headrest as I luxuriated in Emma's feather fine touch.

Both Emma and Alexis had worn short cotton summer dresses with spaghetti straps showing their bronzed bodies and lots of cleavage. Neither of them had worn a bra and I suspected that neither wore panties either. Alexis' right arm was moving forward and back as she was obviously running her hand and fingers along the contours of her labia as she stole glances in the rear view mirror.

Emma had pushed her free hand under her dress and was apparently doing the same as Alexis. She looked up at my face and noted that I was watching her hand working under her dress and she pulled up the hem to fully expose her glistening pussy. She was soaking wet. As I watched, she pulled her fingers from her sex and brought her hand to her face and licked from her palm to the end of each finger as she watched me watching her every move. She had that lusty look on her face. Her hand on my cock slid down off the tip and wrapped her fingers around the shaft and started jerking me off. I groaned hard and she increased the pace. Emma wasn't paying any attention to the road any more. She dropped her free hand back into her crotch. Her breathing had become ragged. Her neck had flushed. Her makeup obscured the flushing in her face.

As she continued to jerk me off, the pace of the hand and fingers in her crotch increased and I noticed that Alexis' pace had increased as well. 'We were all going to die, but who cares', thought ran quickly through my mind. Emma lifted her hand from her sex and pulled the straps of her dress down her arms exposing her breasts. They had firmed considerably from the increased blood flow. Her aureoles had scrunched up to nickel size and her nipples were erect and long. She released my cock just long enough to slide the strap over her wrist and pull the other strap over her hand as she pulled her fingers from her pussy. Emma breathing was very labored as her hands both went back to work.

My breathing was becoming labored too as my cock grew even harder. Emma felt it and she looked up at my face and smiled. I smiled back at her and lay my head back on the headrest. I was expecting that Emma would slide down my body and give me one of her unbelievable blowjobs. To be more precise, I was hoping and praying she would and soon. My cock felt like it would explode any second now. 

Emma didn't do that but she did do something just as good. She slid over to me and threw a leg over mine. She pushed her knees into the crook of the seats and in one smooth move slid her pussy onto my cock. She didn't pause as usual and she let out a loud groan, "YYYUUUNNNGGGG," as she sat down hard on my balls. She stopped right there for a few moments as she collected her breath. Emma pressed her tits hard against my chest. I held her there. I could feel her long hard nipples through my shirt before she pulled back and unbuttoned it. She played her hands along my neck and shoulder muscles before running her fingers down over my ripped pectorals and finally down over each defined abdominal muscle. Then she lifted her hips up so she could kiss me. She stopped lifting when my glans rested on her labia. She took a huge breath and pushed her pussy back down the shaft groaning all the way. Once all the way back on, she flexed her pussy around the shaft. I responded like she knew I would by flexing my cock deep inside her. She bit lightly on her lower lip and lowered her head to my shoulder and started fucking me.

It was my turn to groan as she pulled herself back up off my cock and dropped herself back down again. Her pace was languid as she was reveling in the sensations. Emma fucked with the same passion as her blowjobs and I was in heaven as she slowly dragged her pussy up my shaft and let gravity pull her back down.

The mood was broken when a car beside us blew its horn. Alexis had lost her concentration on the road as she watched us in the rearview mirror and diddled her pussy. She snapped the steering wheel back to the right away from the tooting car and slowed slightly to allow the car to pass. Alexis said, "Sorry Mom. I'm going to pull over, okay."

Emma had instantly pulled her head off my shoulder when the car jerked to the right. She turned her torso to look out the front of the car to see the car beside us rapidly pull away. She responded to Alexis, "I think you had better do that. How close are you?"

Alexis said, "Before that I was really close." I didn't understand the slant of this conversation until I realized that Emma had asked Alexis how close she was to her orgasm.

Emma said, "Pull over and come back here and join us. I was pretty close too." Alexis pulled immediately into the breakdown lane and coasted to a stop. She pushed the emergency flasher button and shifted into park and opened her door. The cars and trucks thundering past shook the car and blew up her dress exposing her bare pussy. As we waited for Alexis to join us, Emma went back to fucking my cock at a much more urgent pace. When Alexis slid in beside me on the passenger side and slammed the door Emma was grinding hard on my cock. Her tits were bouncing up and down in front of my face and I couldn't resist cradling them and caressing them. Her muscles were rapidly tightening. She was close again.

When I firmly tweaked her nipples, Emma's head and torso snapped back as she drove her hips down hard forcing her pussy down the shaft. She forced herself down even harder on my cock and her head snapped back as her mouth fell open. Then her hips lifted suddenly as her head came down on my shoulder. Her pussy was clamping hard on my cock as her orgasm took control of her entire body. I held her hips to me as she bucked hard. She let out a groan that started as a low frequency wail and grew steady to a high pitched scream and finally ended with her mouth hanging open with no sound at all. Either her scream had ended at a pitch too high to hear or she just ran out of air in her lungs. Her hips flailed hard in an irregular rhythm. She dug her fingernails into my lats so hard it brought blood. I ignored the pain and held her firmly on my cock until she rode it out. Alexis was cradling my balls under Emma's dress.

I could feel my own orgasm building and so could Alexis. She leaned down to Emma's ear and said, "Let me finish him off. He's getting close too." Emma forced herself to regain control of her body but her spasms continued long after she reluctantly pulled her pussy up my shaft and rolled over to her seat. My cock slapped back against my pants which were now soaking wet from Emma's juices. 

Alex grabbed my bouncing cock and sank her lips over the glans. She struggled with the circumference a little as always. She was fingering her pussy as she gave me a fantastic blowjob. I was groaning hard. Alexis was groaning hard too. Emma had collapsed in a heap in her seat with her dress collected around her waist. She struggled to collect her breath as she watched Alexis suck my cock into her throat. Alexis pulled back up and they exchanged knowing grins. 

Alexis pulled her lips off my shaft and maneuvered herself into the same position Emma had been. She guided my cock to the entrance of her pussy and pushed herself on. She stopped at the usual place for a few seconds and then drove her hips down until my cock was buried to my balls. She didn't hesitate as she started fucking me by rocking her hips. I dropped her dress straps to her elbows and pulled down her dress to expose her breasts. They are always firm but when aroused they seem to stand a little higher on her chest. They were aroused now. Her nipples stood out three quarters of an inch and her aureoles had scrunched up to slightly darkened pebbly circlets the size of a dime. 

As Alexis drove herself up and down my shaft I ran my fingers around her tits spiraling in to her nipples where I lightly squeezed them. I was hoping she was close, I was sure that she was. My concentration went to my impending orgasm as it was building higher and higher like a huge wave. Emma fingers wrapped around my scrotum and she whispered to Alexis, "Go sweety, he's gonna blow."

Alexis was furiously driving herself up and down my shaft as she gasped for oxygen. She turned her face to her mother and groaned out, "I know. He's going to split me in two. Jesus he's big. Oh fuck. Here I goooooo." Her groan turned into a scream as she drove herself down hard. My orgasm finally crested as every muscle in my body explosively released with the first blast of cum up my shaft into Alexis' pussy. She screamed hard and I groaned with each of six long forceful streams of jizz surging into her. As I finished, her screams tailed off and her face dropped to my shoulder. I was so consumed by my orgasm that I forgot about hers. Now she sat there on my cock as strong clenches coursed through her pussy. With her head still on my shoulder she gasped out, "Jesus baby... Are you okay? ...Fuck. Am I okay? ... That was huge. ...Your cock was huge."
