 Alexis' dad has been arrested for numerous offenses and the Police and FBI got a search warrant for the house. Police Officers Erin and Samantha meet Alexis during the search and are infatuated with her. Alexis is working with me cleaning pools so we are in the van together frequently now. It's only a question of when Erin or Sam or both pull us over and Alexis and the two cops get it on.

Alexis and I had worked the same routine for several days now with a visit to Olivia's every other day. We hadn't seen hide-nor-hair of Sophia and Alexis asked why. Olivia told us that Sophia was having a lot of problems with her husband, Paul. He was beating her up and she didn't want anyone to see the bruises.

So, we were surprised today when we carried our equipment and buckets into Olivia's pool area Sophia was sitting there with a drink in her hand talking with Olivia. When she saw me her face lit up. She knew Alexis a little but not the way Alexis wanted to know her. I set the equipment down and went straight to her and pulled her up out of her chair and hugged and kissed her. Alexis stood back and watched as she stripped down to her bikini to start work. 

Olivia went straight to Alexis and they hugged and kissed. Alexis loved the way Olivia pushed her huge tits into her when they embraced. Both Sophia and Olivia were dressed in tank tops and shorts. I think there was more of Olivia pushing out of her tank top than was held in. 

Only a hint of an old bruise showed on Sophia's right cheek and chin. She had covered it up pretty well with makeup. I asked if she was okay and she nodded as moisture appeared in her eyes. I lifted her up in my arms and kissed her again. She said, "I've had a few days reprieve at least. He hasn't been home in nearly a week. Today was the first day I was able to cover up the bruises enough to go out."

I set Sophia down and she sat back in her chair. I sat beside her and gently wiped an escaped tear that was slowly moving down her cheek. She smiled and looked away toward Olivia and Alexis. She said, "Hello Alexis. It's wonderful to see you again. It's been a while." Alexis left Olivia's side and came over to bend down and hug and kiss Sophia.

Alexis said, "I guess we have both had a rough time lately. You must know about my dad by now." Sophia frowned and nodded as she looked away.

Olivia came over to the group and said, "Sophia and I were just discussing your dad. Ron left for what he told me was a business trip about the same time as Paul disappeared without a word. It's curious that the credit card bill, which arrived in the mail this morning, shows a charge for an Airline ticket. I called the card company to complain about what I thought was an incorrect charge. They told me the charge was for a one-way ticket to Brazil. It was charged the day before I last saw him.

The first thing that came to mind about Brazil was that it's a non-extradition country. "Holy Shit Olivia. Could Ron have been associated with Jim's businesses?" I looked at Sophia and asked, "Did Paul have some connection with Jim's business?" Their mouths came open and a terrified look washed over both of them. It was obvious that both Ron and Paul were in league to some degree with Jim's unsavory businesses. "I looked at Alexis and said, "Jesus Christ. They've run before Jim gives them up." I asked Sophia to use her cell phone to log into her credit card company and sure enough, Paul had charged a one-way airfare to their account. Her card company confirmed that the ticket was to Brazil and it was booked the same day as Ron's. I told them both that they should contact their attorneys right away and get whatever needed to be done to protect themselves personally and financially.

Alexis was disappointed that her plans for her and Sophia were scuttled when both Olivia and Sophia kissed me and then Alexis and hurried back to Olivia's house. I checked the water in Olivia's pool with the test kit and added some chemicals. I doubted anyone had used the pool since we cleaned it last. We gathered up the equipment and chemicals and returned to the van. 

We drove over to Alexis' house to see if Emma was there putting her destroyed home in some kind of order. Her car was in the driveway. When we entered through the Foyer door Emma was in the kitchen. She said, "Alexis, Honey. I forgot to tell you. You received a package a few days ago. I totally forgot." Alexis opened the package and it was the 'Black-mail' thumb-drive. I followed her up to her bedroom where she plugged the drive into her laptop. Sure enough, it was the same video Jim had showed us on his yacht. It had been edited to just show only me and Rachel having sex. I figured Dee must have got an edited version showing just Jarrod and Izzy.

Alexis watched the whole thing and then started it over again. As it played the second time, Alexis said, "Wow. She is tall isn't she? With those shoes on, she's taller than you. She's very pretty and I love her figure. I'm bummed that it doesn't show Jarrod and Izzy." She picked up her cell phone and dialed Dee at work. Dee wanted to know how things were going cleaning up the house. She had been devastated by the revelations about her dad. Dee had received her drive in the mail a few days ago and she and Jarrod had a big laugh about it before they had great sex while watching it on a loop. They agreed that we would make copies and send them to each other. Dee was very interested in my video after Jarrod described Rachel.

Alexis clicked a few keys and the mouse and presto, the video of Rachel and I was sent to Dee's email address. She logged off her computer and then turned to me. My cock had become hard while we watched the video. Alexis had that look on her face as she came over to me and unzipped my shorts and released my cock. She went to her knees and pushed my cock past her lips. She held it there as she untied her bikini top and bottom. She pushed me back until I fell on her bed. She crawled on her knees to follow me to my back. She went from handjob to blowjob to throatjob and mixed them all up and I was groaning hard.

She motioned for me to move into the middle of her bed and then she crawled up over me in a reverse cowgirl position and used her hand to guide my cock to her pussy. She pushed herself on and moaned loudly as she sank her pussy down to the bottom. She started a fucking motion for a couple minutes and then pulled off and guided my cock to her anus and dropped down just hard enough to push my vaginal fluid lathered cock into her bowels before she screamed and stopped. I groaned hard from the pressure. Alexis' mouth dropped open as she wagged her head from side to side and descended slowly down the length of my cock. She hit bottom and immediately started into a steady fucking motion. When she was relaxed enough, she ramped up her pace.

Her bowels were dragging my orgasm out of me and I began humping my hips up to match her pace. Alexis screamed when my cock surged harder. She reached back and separated her ass cheeks as though that was going to make more room for my cock. When cum launched up my shaft into her ass, she screamed out loudly and her own orgasm rocked her hard.

When Emma burst in, we were both a mass of quivering muscles. My cock was trying to split her wide open and she was trying to crush it with our uncontrollable muscle spasms. After my last shot, Alexis collapsed forward onto my legs taking my rock hard cock with her. It hurt me because my cock was so hard it wouldn't bend that way. I had to follow her forward as I sat straight up.

Emma sat down on the side of the bed and watched the finale of our fuck session. She had one hand up under her dress frigging herself. My attention left Alexis' and moved over to Emma working her pussy. I adjusted my position so I could get my cock out of Alexis and when it popped out of her, she rolled off my legs and lay face up on the bed with her chest heaving as she gasped for air. I glanced up from Alexis' gaping anus to Emma's face. She was staring at my boner which hadn't diminished one bit. She maneuvered around on the bed to take a doggy position beside Alexis. She turned her head to look over her shoulder and said, "Fuck my ass." I pulled my legs out from under her and moved to kneel behind her. I leaned down and scooped up a glob of cum oozing out of Alexi's ass, which was still gaping wide open. I pushed the cum as lubrication into Emma's anus and she yelped. I pushed my finger into the second knuckle and twisted it back and forth. I gently pulled my finger out and guided my cock to her rosebud.

As I pushed forward, Emma pushed back and the glans moved suddenly past her sphincter. She yelled out, "Oh fuck. Your fatty hurts so good." I stopped and waited for Emma to relax. Alexis had fully recovered and she had rolled onto her side facing us. She was smiling at me. After several moments, Emma pushed back again and I pushed another few inches in and stopped as I felt her clamp down hard on my cock. Emma relaxed again and I pushed the rest of my cock in and held that position.

Emma's torso had collapsed so her forehead was on her arms and her tits hung onto the bed. She was groaning continuously. Alexis, that little minx, decided she was going to tease her mother as she ran a hand from Emma's tits up to her crotch and began fingering her mother's clitoris. Emma's torso surged back up from Alexis' touch and drove her ass hard against my cock. She screamed and Alexis giggled. Emma turned her head toward Alexis and said, "You are a bad girl, teasing your mother like that." Alexis blew her an air-kiss and Emma smiled as she pulled forward extracting my cock to the glans. She groaned the whole way out and then she pushed all the way back on again. I took the hint and started to slowly and gently fuck her ass; first with short strokes and then lengthened them until I was fucking her with full length strokes. The pressure was unbelievable and I could feel cum boiling in my balls again. It was going to be only seconds before I was blowing my load in Emma's bowels. She felt the new surge of my cock and she ramped up the pace. 

I shot six long ropes of cum into Emma's ass and she screamed with the arrival of each one. I was a little disappointed that she hadn't had an orgasm. I always tried to give my girls at least one orgasm before I get off. I had tried to hold off but Emma was an expert at sex and she had her ways to extract my cum before I wanted to.

Emma fell forward pulling her ass off my cock. She trapped Alexis' hand under her in the process. Emma and I were both breathing hard. I sat back on my ankles and watched Emma's wide open rosebud oozing pearly white cum onto Alexis' bed. Emma reached back over her ass-cheeks and scooped up what she could get and pushed her fingers in her mouth. She did it again and offered her fingers to Alexis who sucked them in and cleaned them all off with her tongue.

My cock bobbed up and down as it slowly deflated. We all headed for the shower in Alexis' room. Emma let Alexis wash my cock this time while I was pushing my soapy middle finger into Emma's anus. We dried each other off and dressed again.

Emma left Alexis' room and I sat on her bed while she cleaned up her room from the Police search. Her clothes were on the floor in the closet and on top of the desk from the bureau. She finished picking it all up in about a half-hour and then we went down stairs. Emma was in Jim's office just standing in the doorway with her hands on her hips. It was such a mess she didn't know where to start. She grabbed the doorknob and left the room shutting the door behind her. The kitchen was put back together. Alexis offered to help Emma with the rest of the house but Emma shooed her and me out and told us to go have some fun. Alexis protested but Emma was adamant so we went out to the van. Alexis had pulled on her clothes that she had worn over her bikini.

As we approached the security gate of the community, the guard was standing outside talking to someone. As we drove by I could see that the "someone" was Officer Erin. Her cruiser was parked behind the guard shack and we hadn't seen it until we were past. She watched us approaching and her face lit up as we drove by. In the side-view mirror I could see Erin break off her conversation with the guard and hurry toward her cruiser. She did a u-turn and quickly closed the gap with us. She just followed for about five minutes until we got into the area were houses were sparse. I noticed that Alexis was looking out her side mirror. When the cruiser lights came on, I slowed and pulled off to the side of the road. Alexis turned her head to look at me and she had the biggest grin on her face. It was like the smile of a six year old when she sees the Christmas tree with all the presents for the first time.

I smiled at Alexis and decided to tease her a little, "What do you think? Should we tell her we just don't have time right now?" Alexis had a horrified look on her face that caused me to laugh. She frowned when she realized I was just busting her. She was a bundle of energy as she gyrated around in her seat.

Erin turned off her flashing lights and walked around behind the van to the passenger window. Alexis saw her coming in the mirror and rolled down her window. Erin leaned against the passenger door and looked in at Alexis and then me. She grinned and said, "Is this a bad time?" Alexis vigorously shook her head and startled Erin when she pushed her lips onto Erin's. Erin recovered quickly and in seconds they were kissing each other passionately through the passenger side window. 

My cock was pushing hard on my shorts as I watched these two sexy ladies. I got up from my seat and moved into the back of the van and pushed the sliding door back and stepped out. Erin broke the kiss and looked to see what I was doing. I motioned with my hands for her to join us in the van. She grinned and pushed her body up to mine and stretched up for a kiss. She squeezed my obvious boner through my shorts and stepped up into the van pulling me with her. I slammed the sliding door shut. 

Alexis was already in back rolling out the yoga mat and I pulled the curtain closed. We had complete privacy. I sat down on an overturned empty bucket to watch what was about to happen. They both were breathing very heavily. I realized that I was too. Alexis went after the buttons on Erin's uniform. Erin had already removed her gun and equipment belts and left them in the cruiser. She still had on her radio microphone pined to her left shoulder. 

Alexis apparently wasn't moving fast enough because Erin took over undressing herself. Alexis stepped back and watched. When Erin was down to her bra and thong, Alexis pushed herself back into the process. Alexis reached around behind Erin and unhooked her bra and let it drop down her arms to the floor. She kissed the swell of Erin's breasts and she moaned hard and wrapped her arms around Alexis' head and pulled her face in hard to her tits. Alexis' lips went to Erin's nipples and Erin moaned again. 

Erin pushed Alexis back a step and pulled Alexis' tank top off and untied her bikini top. Without hesitation she launched her face to Alexis' tits and nipples which were like pencil erasures. Alexis moaned and held Erin in place. These two ladies were in-heat for each other. I unzipped my shorts and let my cock push out into my hand. I stroked it slowly from tip to balls. Neither Alexis nor Erin paid any attention. 

Erin moved down to lie on her back on the mat and lifted her hips so Alexis could pull off the thong. Alexis' lips went immediately to Erin's pussy. Erin let out a loud groan as she lightly pressed her fingers to the back of Alexis' head. She didn't try to guide Alexis' head. Apparently Alexis was applying attention to exactly the right spot. Erin's head lolled to the side as she groaned again. Alexis was using all her skills on Erin from her clitoris to her anus.

It couldn't have been two minutes before an orgasm crashed over her. She let out a scream as her head flailed from side to side. Her hips fired up into Alexis' face forcing her curled tongue in deep. Her hips slammed to the mat and her chest lifted. She grabbed her tits as they were moving all around from her vigorous movements. Alexis stayed right there throughout Erin's massive climax. 

When Erin's body settled down again, Alexis sat back on her ankles and grinned down at Erin who was not content to ride her orgasm down to zero. She wanted at Alexis and she rolled off the mat and knelt to maneuver Alexis to take her place. She pulled Alexis' shorts and bikini bottom off. I don't think I had ever seen Alexis' pussy as wet as right then. Erin moved in between Alexis' upraised and splayed wide knees and burrowed her lips into her pussy. Alexis moaned hard and thrust her hips up. Alexis guided Erin's face to where she wanted it and Erin tongue-fucked and clit flicked her for several minutes when Alexis' body lost all control and she burst into her orgasm with a small squirt that was enough to soak Erin's face but it didn't spray everywhere like usual. Erin stayed right there and sucked in what she could collect and went back to tongue-fucking as she flicked her finger tip on Alexis' swollen clitoris. Alexis was groaning and so was Erin.

Erin reached up and grabbed Alexis' tits and rolled her fingertips around on her nipples. Alexis clamped her hands down on top of Erin's and mashed them. Alexis' pussy was pushing Erin's tongue out and then letting it back in. Alexis screamed hard as her climax crested and then gasped for air as she started down the back side. 

Erin abandoned Alexis' pussy and crawled up over her and pushed her crotch down into Alexis' crotch. They both ground their hips into each other with their hips cocked so they were grinding their mons pubis on each other. They were in a passionate embrace for nearly two minutes before they came up for air. 

I adjusted my position so I could see their tits mashed together and increased the pace on my cock. There couldn't possibly be a more erotic scene than I had just witnessed and my cock was incredibly hard in my hand. The sounds of sex were spiraling down and all was quiet with the only sound being my hand jacking from my balls to the glans.

Suddenly, the silence was broken by a squawk on her lapel radio lying on the floor. A voice came through. I couldn't make out what it said, but Erin apparently understood. She yelled out, "Shit!" and rolled Alexis off her as she quickly got to her knees and grabbed her uniform top. She keyed the microphone and said her name. Some more squawking and words and Erin was on the move. She jumped up and pulled her pants and shirt on. She didn't even bother with her thong. In less than a minute she was fully dressed and pulling her shoes on. 

Erin turned to Alexis and said, "Sorry, I have to go. I hope we can do this again soon." Alexis grinned and nodded her head like a bobble-head doll. Erin looked over at me with my hard cock in my hand and said, "Jesus, I'm sorry I don't have time to get some of that," as she pointed down at me cock. She slammed the side door back and stepped out and was gone. Seconds later her cruiser spun tires onto the pavement and squealed away. The roar of the high power engine was deafening. In another second her siren came on "whoop, whoop, whoop" which then changed to normal siren sound which we could hear for nearly a minute.

Alexis was still on her back on the yoga mat. She pulled a second rolled up mat to use as a pillow and she smiled when she noticed my rock hard cock in my hand. She lifted a hand and flexed her index finger for me to come down. I stood over her body with my feet on either side of her waist. She reached up to grab my cock but she couldn't reach it. I went down with my knees on either side of her chest. She watched as I put my cock down on her chest between her tits. She grinned and grabbed the outside of her tits and compressed them around my cock. She pushed her fingers in to hold my cock between them and I started rocking my hips forward and back driving my cock up and down her cleavage. The glans disappeared between her tits and then pushed in to her cleavage. Alexis adjusted her head on the mat and let the glans push into her mouth as I pushed forward and then pull out and down between her tits again. Occasionally my cock missed her mouth and slid past her mouth and up her cheek. 
