 I showered early the next morning. After unanticipated multiple blowjobs from most of the students in Miss Miranda's studio and then the weird choreographed fuck session with Miranda, we agreed that I reeked of sex. Alexis joined me almost as soon as I stepped in the shower and as always, it was so confining in the shower that I practically had to wash her body with mine and vice versa. I particularly love molesting her ass and tits. She always squeals and makes feeble attempts to get away. There is nowhere for her to get away to. She retaliates by grabbing my cock in whatever state of hardness it's in. These showers always end with us entwined with each other in passionate embrace as we rinse off.

We dried each other off outside the shower. Frankly, there isn't much more room there either. Alexis had learned from experience that there is no room for towel snapping on her ass as long as she is in the bathroom because we are too close. The towel snapping always happens after we move out of the bathroom into the kitchen were there's plenty of room for a windup. So now she hits the threshold of the kitchen doorway and runs bare-assed across the kitchen to escape the towel. I never put any energy behind my half-hearted attempts. I just love to hear her squeal and that 'Pretty Woman' laugh of hers when she knows for sure she's escaped another one. Locker room towel snapping can be extremely painful if you're an uninitiated freshman or an otherwise newbie. 

We were late so we each grabbed a piece of toast and headed for the car with our carry bags. It was going to be another busy day. I would barely get home from practice before our dinner guests were scheduled to arrive. Alexis had the bulk of the afternoon off after classes.

Around lunchtime my cell phone rang. It was my pal Noah. He told me that the last of the pools had been closed for the season and that he had parked the van in my folk's driveway and left the keys with my Mom. He mostly wanted to tell me that something was going on with Olivia and Sophia. He didn't know what, but they were both excited about something. They didn't seem so gloomy all the time. He laughed at one point when he told me that even when one or both of them dragged him to the house to ravage his body, they were quiet and moody. He said that he was going to have to refuse their advances. Then he burst out laughing. I told him I would give Olivia a call. He asked if we would be coming home for Thanksgiving and I told him that we were and I'd see him then. Noah was about to end the call but then he told me that my van had got the attention of local Police Officers. He said that he hadn't remembered Erin and Samantha and they scared the shit out of him before they fucked the shit out of him. He ended his call by saying that he wanted to trade lives with me. I told him he seemed to be doing just fine with his. He laughed and hung-up.

I stood there with the dead phone to my ear wondering about Olivia and Sophia. I hoped they weren't still having trouble with their criminal husbands. That reminded me that Alexis' step-father, Jim's trial was coming up soon. The newspapers had labeled him the new "Whitey Bulger". I thought they were stretching the truth a little but it sold newspapers and he was a bad guy. The trial had been delayed a couple times. His lawyer wanted the trial in a different location and the prosecutors claimed that the Jury Pool was being intimidated. I was just glad he was in jail. I would have worried myself sick for Emma if he was out on the lamb like Ron and Paul were. They were both bad guys too; maybe worse.

I recovered from my reverie and put my phone away and headed to my next class a couple buildings away. I was lost in thought when I heard rapid footsteps come up behind me and then arms went around me and picked me up off the ground and set me back down. I turned quickly, ready for combat. It was Dean. We did all that juvenile guy stuff of fake punch throwing. I parried his slow-motion jabs and round-houses. He had a huge smile on his face. When he settled down and collected his breath, I said, "Hey big guy. What's up? You look like the cat that swallowed the canary."

He inhaled a long gulp of air and bent over at the waist and then stood straight with his shoulders back and said, "I have a date," and burst into a grin. He continued, "I didn't ask her out, she asked me out. Holy shit, I've never been asked out on a date before." 

I asked, "Do I know her?" figuring it was one of the Cheerleaders that he had his eye on and could never get up the gumption to ask out.

He said, "I think you do. She's a freshman and I think she is one of Alexis' new friends. Her name is Josie." I was floored. Just a few nights ago Josie had been talking to Nina about how much she like big guys. I was certain she was talking about Dean and then that whole thing at the dorm about Nina and Yu-Gin teasing Josie because she had a crush on me. Now she's asking Dean out. Holy shit.

I said, "Dean! That's great. She's a beautiful girl. I know Alexis was worried that I'd be interested in her."

Dean laughed at that, "Josie is beautiful but let's be honest, she's no Alexis. Buddy. Keep your eye on the prize." I punched Dean on the arm and he punched me back and we started walking together toward my next class. We talked about the big Football game tomorrow night. It would make our season if we could beat these guys.

I peeled off toward my building and Dean kept going straight. I yelled back, "We'll have to have you and Josie over for dinner sometime." He gave me a thumbs-up and we went on our ways. As I entered the building I was thinking, 'Go figure. Who can ever figure women out anyway?' I hoped that Dean wouldn't find out that Josie and I had already got it on in her dorm room. With Nina and Yu-Gin present at the time, I doubted it would be a secret long. It could present a problem between him and me. I knew Alexis would be ecstatic with the news.

After practice I showered quickly and dressed commando, like usual, and drove the short distance home. Alexis was dressed in a short, flimsy material skirt with an open shouldered silk blouse. She had Emma's apron on tied in the front. She was at the stove with her back to me when I came in. I closed the door behind me and crossed the kitchen to wrap my hands around her narrow waist and lean in and kiss her neck and then her ear. She groaned and tipped her head back against my shoulder offering more of her neck. I kissed her there again and she groaned again before whispering, "Oh fuck Baby. I'm so horny I don't know if I can get dinner on the table."

I glanced at the clock on the wall. It read 6:12 PM. I untied her apron and lifted it over her head. She was more than accommodating. She turned around to face me and wrapped her arms around my neck just as I picked her up and set her on the counter beside the sink. She had already pulled her skirt up to her waist before her ass made contact. She had a thong on which would provide no obstacle. She unbuckled my pants and unzipped them. They fell to the floor entangling my feet. I didn't care. I wasn't planning on going anywhere.

I was leaning down to kiss her and her head was tipped back to receive my lips. My cock was a steel shaft, probing along her thigh. We kissed passionately until we were both breathing hard. We only had fifteen minutes at best so Alexis reached down and guided my cock to her labia. She was sopping wet with desire. She ran my glans up and down the full length of her pussy separating her labia and then she shifted her hips forward on the counter. She groaned hard as my cock pushed inside. I held steady as she adjusted for a moment and then I steadily pushed forward. Alexis bent her head forward and pushed her open, moaning mouth to my shoulder. Her arms wrapped around my waist and pulled me deeper into her pussy. She whispered, "Oh fuck. I've been horny all day. I've diddled myself to three orgasms between classes and your cock feels so fucking wonderful right now. Make me cum again."

I started with a slow, full penetration, normal paced fuck that forced her to lean back with her arms behind her bracing herself. She was humping her hips up with each of my powerful thrusts. She wanted it all and I was giving it to her. Her mouth hung open as she muttered, "OOHHH OHHH OHHH," between short gasps for air. The look of pure lust on her face made my cock get harder and she groaned from the increased pressure. I pulled my cock out to the glans and started pile-driving short-strokes into her as fast as I could. Her head was rocking like a bobble-head doll on the dashboard of a car in a rally-race. I could see the pressure building in her facial muscles. Her mouth closed and her glazed eyes over. She was holding her breath. I was sure she didn't realize it. I brushed her long, erect nipples with the palms of my hands and she grabbed both of them and held them tight to her tits. She was humping into me at half the rate I was pounding my cock into her.

Her face got redder and redder and her muscles all tensed at once and then she exploded the air from her lungs and pitched forward to my chest. She was crushing her tits with her hands through mine. A low pitched groan started in her throat and built higher in pitch and volume until she let out an incredible scream just as her pussy clamped down hard on my cock. Her scream dwindled as the air expelled from her lungs. She immediately started with the "OOHH OHHH AHHHH AHHHH," again. Her fingers released mine and grabbed my waist trying furiously to get more cock in her. I abandoned the short fuck and drove my cock in as hard as I could. She screamed again, "OH MY GGGAAAWWWDD." 

I was so enthralled with her orgasm that I completely forgot about my own. As her muscles started to relax and her clenching pussy slowed to random spastic surges, I slowed my pace and just held my shaft in her. I could feel her clenches become less intense. I looked up at the clock again. It was 6:26 PM. Alexis must have looked at the clock too because suddenly she was squirming herself off the counter, pushing me back. My stiff cock came out followed by gobs of Alexis' vaginal juices, which ran down the front of the drawers. She hopped off the counter and started toward the bathroom. She suddenly stopped and returned to her position in front of me still holding her skirt up to her waist. She stretched up and kissed me and said, "Welcome home Baby. 1-4-3." I burst out laughing and so did she as she hurried to the bathroom with her hand between her thighs.

I followed her, kicking my pants along with short steps as they clung to my ankles. My gooey cock swung wildly in front of me. She had a hand towel shoved between her thighs and she was primping her hair in the mirror. She noticed my hard-on and said, "I guess one of our guests is going to have to take care of that."

At that moment there was a knock at the kitchen door. Alexis smiled at me and said, "Can you get that back in your pants and answer the door. I'm a mess. Give me a couple minutes. I have to be in top form for my competition."

I bent and kissed her on the neck and whispered, "There's no competition anywhere on this planet." She giggled and pushed me away. I pulled up my pants. The fact that I wasn't wearing any underwear made it harder to hide my erect cock. I pushed it around to different positions and decided it was as good as it was going to get until it softened considerably more than it was now.

There was another, more urgent knock at the door just as I pulled it open. April's fist was still raised as the door swung into the kitchen. I was standing with the lower half of my body behind the door hoping that every second would help hide my obvious erection. I stepped back and opened the door wide and invited them in. Neither of them was old enough to buy alcohol but both were carrying a bottle of wine. They were both dressed in mid-thigh skirts with spaghetti strap cotton tops with no bras. Their tops were a size to small and their nipples pushed hard on the material. This did not help my erection problem one bit. I still had myself positioned somewhat behind the door as I bent forward and waved them inside. I was gaining time and it was working. April and Mindy turned to look around the apartment and I took the opportunity to push my softening cock into a position that was: one, more comfortable and two, less obvious.

April moved over to the stove and said, "Yummy. I love pork." She turned and smiled at me.

Mindy giggled and said, "You like pork alright." She handed her bottle of wine to me and I put it in the refrigerator. April came over and handed me her bottle of wine and after looking quickly around the apartment she stretched up and kissed me. It was just a little peck but her timing was terrible. Alexis came out of the bathroom just as our lips parted. I knew Alexis had no real problem with April kissing me but they had not got off on good footing from that first night in front of the bus when April and Mindy had shunned Alexis'. We'd discussed it since and I tried to make Alexis understand that April and Mindy were both intimidated by her. She continued to discard my theory but she initiated this dinner with them to try to get past it. It may sound strange but Alexis actually liked April and Mindy and she didn't like them too.

April's reaction to Alexis catching her kissing me did not help matters. She had quickly stepped away and her face went red as she glanced everywhere but at Alexis. She acted like she had been busted doing something wrong. She would have been better off continuing the kiss and then nonchalantly turning to greet Alexis. She knew she'd fucked up the moment she pulled away from me and wouldn't face Alexis, but the damage was already done.

Alexis stood in the bathroom/kitchen doorway fluffing her hair with her fingers and said, "Hi April. Still trying to cop a feel whenever you can, I see."

April's face flushed even redder. Mindy was watching back and forth like she was at a tennis match. April shocked us all when she turned and walked across the kitchen floor and hugged Alexis. Alexis just stood there with her arms at her side staring in disbelief at me. Slowly, Alexis put her hands on April's hips and hugged her back. April stepped back after the hug and said, "Alexis, I'm so sorry about how our first introductions went. I was struck dumb by how gorgeous you are. I'm not used to being second prettiest." Alexis glanced over at me and I grinned at her. April continued, "I'm sorry that I have taken liberties with your boyfriend. I know it's no excuse but I can't help it. He's as gorgeous as you are." Now, I was turning red with embarrassment and Alexis grinned at me. "And to top it off, he has that incredible cock and he knows how to use it. It's not fair to the rest of us mere mortals." 

I could tell that Alexis thought April was pouring it on a little thick now and she pulled April in for another hug. Alexis whispered something in her ear and April pulled back and grinned at her and then turned and grinned at me. Mindy went over and hugged Alexis too and Alexis hugged her back. They were all grinning and looking back at me. I was thinking, 'Which pork was Alexis serving for dinner tonight?'

I was still holding the wine that April had handed to me and I headed for the refrigerator when April said, "That is a room temperature wine." Her definitive statement was enough for me. I set the bottle on the table, which had been pulled out away from the wall to accommodate four people.

Alexis motioned for us to sit and asked me to pour the wine. I grabbed the corkscrew out of the top drawer by the sink knowing full well that I had never touched one before. I then proceeded to thoroughly display my ineptitude regarding wine. April cringed through my attempts just to get the metal foil off the top and then asked me to allow her. I quickly handed the bottle across the table and then the corkscrew. I watched her every move in hopes of learning something. April poured our wine glasses less than half-full. Alexis brought over a platter of baked potatoes and another with a Pork Roast. She asked me to cut it and handed me a long bladed carving knife. I did an adequate job even though I felt like everyone was waiting for me to fuck it up somehow. When I was done, I set the knife beside my plate and was surprised to see everyone staring and grinning at me. I looked at Alexis, who had the biggest grin, and said, "What?"

Alexis' grin fell back to a smile and she said, "Nothing Baby," and took her wine glass and lifted it for a toast: "To our first dinner guests. I hope we all become fast friends." She looked directly at April who was tearing up. Mindy clinked her glass off Alexis' glass and continued around the table to me and then April. 

April followed suit and mouthed the words, "I hope so too."

The potatoes were perfect. The Pork was a little dry. I guess my interruption while she was cooking it was the culprit. No one said a word and everyone ate every bite. The wine was going down easy and I went to the refrigerator and got the bottle that Mindy had brought. I handed it over to April immediately. She accepted it with a giggle. She was already displaying symptoms of a wine buzz. Halfway through the second bottle we were all getting giddy. I made a toast to our hostess, Alexis. She bowed with such exaggeration that I knew she was buzzed.

We talked about nothing important until the wine was gone and I stood up and carried my plate and Alexis' to the sink. I came back and picked up April's and Mindy's plate and did the same. I retrieved the platters and stripped off a length of plastic wrap and put it over the remaining cuts of pork and put the platter in the refrigerator. Alexis watched my every move. I took all four empty wine glasses to the counter and came back and sat down. Alexis looked at me for a few moments and said, "Who are you and what did you do with my boyfriend?" I knew it was coming. I deserved it. I perform none of those duties when it's just us two.

April and Mindy laughed at the hurt expression that I had manifested. I was going to push my lower lip out in a pout but I thought that would be a little over the top. I laughed too and bent toward her and kissed her on the lips. April and Mindy watched us closely. I was sure they were hoping we would get this party rolling into high gear.

I pulled back from Alexis' lips and said, "I think I had the over. I win the bet. You owe me a blowjob." I had intentionally spoken loud enough for April and Mindy to hear and they were glancing back and forth between Alexis and me. Alexis' face reddened but she recovered quickly as she always does.

She leaned toward me and said, loud enough for all to hear, "Do you mean right now?" She had put it right back on me.

I leaned toward her and glanced at April and then Mindy and said, "Sure. No better time than the present." Alexis looked at me for a moment with a huge grin on her face and then she turned to face April and then Mindy. They didn't dare say a thing and they sat there looking back at Alexis.

Alexis said, "Well ladies, as you can see we had a bet on whether we would make it through dinner before an orgy started. Hunter bet the over, that we would finish dinner first. I thought we wouldn't. He made the bet 'oral sex'. I couldn't see how I was going to lose either way, so I agreed. Now he wants payment. Can you two help me out here?"

April's breath caught in her throat. Mindy apparently didn't believe what she was hearing and she was gawking open mouth at April, then at Alexis and then me and then back around again. She was waiting for someone to move to make this real. April pushed herself up from her chair and finally made a sound. She said to Alexis, "Where do you want me?"

That broke the trance and Mindy stood up too. Alexis looked at me with a big grin and said, "Wow, they're anxious aren't they? What do you think, Baby. How about the bed?" I smiled at Alexis and nodded. She was really pouring it on.
