 So, the Bull Dogs got selected for a Bowl Game after all. Football practice is a big part of everyday again. "Shit!" We are heading toward finals, end of Semester and Christmas vacation. Alexis and I have had a couple trysts with Rachel, our fiftyish landlady and Alexis has had one with Mitch, Rachel's twenty-six year old daughter. Now Rachel and Mitch appear to setting us up for God-knows-what. Rachel called me to 'request a play-date' and Mitch called Alexis the same day to 'request a play-date'. The terminology, 'request a play-date', could just be a family grown turn of phrase and therefore just a coincidence. I think the two of them have some plans that they have worked out between them. To what end, I hadn't a clue.

It was our belief that our sexual escapades with Rachel were unknown to Mitch. Mitch knew her mother was having sex with someone after she found semen in her hair at the dinner table and she was certainly trying hard to figure out who the guy was. We believed that Mitch's tryst with Alexis and Jan was also a secret. 

It was a mystery that I couldn't leave alone. Between classes, football practice, studying, eating, sleeping, making love to my lady whenever she wanted and whenever I wanted, there wasn't much time left in a day. Sometimes we multi-tasked by having sex while we studied, at the dining room table or when the mood struck in the middle of the night. Apparently I was working on 'the mystery' in my sleep.

As often happens when there is a problem to solve, I came up with at least a partial truth in my sleep. It was one of those "Ah-ha" moments when you're working subconsciously in a dream and then come wide awake. I smiled to myself and got out of bed, grabbed a pad of paper and a pen and wrote it all down in case this was all a dream and I wouldn't remember any of it in the morning. I climbed back into bed and kissed Alexis on the earlobe, which elicited a mumble of unintelligible words as she fell back to sleep.

It was pitch black when I woke in the morning a half hour before the alarm was to go off. I remembered it all and checked my notes to make sure. Alexis was already up and sitting at the breakfast nook table sipping her coffee, studying one of her textbooks when I came out with the notepad and a huge grin on my face. Alexis looked up at me and said, "What canary have you swallowed?" I sat down across from her and related what I had worked out in my sleep. 

My theory was that since Rachel and Mitch used the same words, "request a play-date" they must have had some conversation between themselves about trying to include us in a sexual play-date. If only one of them had called, it wouldn't have been strange that she was just trying to line up another tryst between the two or three of us. Therefore, Rachel and Mitch must have an ongoing sexual relationship with each other but don't know the other is already having sex with us. Mitch probably figured she already had an in with Alexis, unknown to her mother, and could arrange a 'play-date' for her mother to 'crash' and join in, feigning some reluctance considering her daughter was involved. Then we would have no reason to think this wasn't their first time together.

Since Rachel knew she already had an in and wasn't aware that Mitch did too, she decided to call me to make the same 'request for a play-date'. If Mitch was unsuccessful, which Rachel was sure she would be, they would have a back-up plan arranged by Rachel through me. Then Mitch would be the 'crasher' instead of the 'crashee' with the same results.

When I finished laying this all out to Alexis she just shook her head and said, "I worry about you sometimes, mister." I grinned at her. It was pretty convoluted but I was asking her to shoot holes in my theory, which she promptly did. "If Rachel and Mitch are already having sex together, why not just invite us to join them. Mother and daughter sex isn't new to me?"

I replied, "They aren't aware of your relationship with your mother and they probably feel secretive about theirs. It's not something you make public." I knew the whole theory was pretty weak but I was certain of one thing; Rachel and Mitch were having sex and probably had been for some time. The rest was speculation but right or wrong, I had a plan of my own and I summarized it for Alexis before getting dressed and hobbling out to early morning football practice. I was as lame and sore as at the beginning of practices last fall. 

I was at the cafeteria lunch table with Dean and some other non-football friends that had come to Alexis' Graduation party last summer. I didn't have a lot of free time so, with all of them sitting there, I called Rachel's cell phone and asked for her permission to have a party for our friends this coming Saturday to celebrate the end of the semester. Her response was what I had expected and it was that it was our apartment and we could have over whomever we wanted. I told her I thought it was only polite to ask and was about to hang up after thanking her. Before I pulled my phone off my ear, she said, "What about our play-date?"

I didn't hesitate, "Of course. I talked to Alexis and we are both so wrapped up in finals this week. We agreed that we could schedule something for next week before Christmas. Alexis will be going home a few days before but I have practices until the Christmas Eve day. So if you want both of us it would have to be before Tuesday or with just me it could be Tuesday or Wednesday."

Rachel was quiet for a moment and then said, "Monday it is then. I'll come by after dinner, say seven thirty? Okay?"

I replied, "Great; looking forward to it. I'll let Alexis know and we'll see you then. Oh, by the way; you and Mitch are invited to our party Saturday. I really hope you can make it. It should be a good time."

Rachel said, "That sounds great. I'll clear my schedule. I don't usually party with students but it sounds like fun. Mitch would love to be around some young people for a change. She's been locked in the house for weeks." I hung up with a big grin on my face.

Dean and the others picked up on the grin and Dean said, "What are you planning besides a party?" The others were all ears waiting for my response.

I said, "Dean, ol' buddy. This party is going to be better than Alexis' Graduation Party." They all broke into huge grins. There was no doubt they remembered that party fondly. I wouldn't have been surprised to find out that most of them hadn't been laid since. I told them the schedule and reminded them that they would have to call to get through the gate. I called Alexis and told her the party for Saturday was a go and she was to get her invitations out to all her friends. We decided to include Mindy and Morgan but couldn't agree on inviting April. Alexis recommended that I invite Noah to stay for the night. I felt bad that I hadn't thought of it first. I'd call him right away. I told her Rachel and Mitch would be there too. Then she understood my plan. 

Alexis said, "I never knew you had this devious side to you before. I think I like it." She laughed. I listened. I love her laugh.

I said, "When this party breaks out into a full-blown orgy, which we'll make sure it does, Rachel and Mitch will be in the middle of it and we'll figure out how to get them together with us and they won't ever have to reveal their on-going sexual relationship. Good for all, don't you think?"

Alexis said, "You're a genius." I laughed and said, "I love you, Babe." She smacked a kiss into her phone and hung up. I smiled back at the guys around the table. They were all grinning and high-fiving each other. I called Noah and asked him if he remembered Alexis' Graduation Party? He started laughing and said that he'd never forget that night. I told him about our Party on Saturday and invited him to come and stay overnight. He wasn't crazy about the three and a half hour drive but he said he wouldn't miss it.

Practice that afternoon was brutal. Coach was relentless. He had to knock off early because we could hardly get off the ground. We were just lying there in the grass spread-eagled gasping for oxygen. Coach had a sneaky little smile on his face like he was thinking, 'mission accomplished' before bellowing, "All right you bunch of pussies. Hit the showers. I expect better of you in the morning." We all groaned in unison and screwed ourselves up to our feet and trudged toward the locker room. I waited for Mindy to come out to her car and I invited her and Morgan to our party. She was excited and said she'd pass on the invitation to Morgan who had been ostracized from her friends by Coach Hannah's wrath. Mindy was sure Morgan would be ecstatic.

I basically sat in a coma at the dinner table that night. I barely had the energy to lift my fork to my mouth. Alexis was amused by the torture I put myself through for a game. She didn't and never would understand the nature of competition. After dinner, we settled into our separate study rooms. Finals were scheduled for the next two days. Alexis was shooting for straight A's. I had a shot at the Dean's List but I had to nail a couple of the finals to make it. I hadn't accomplished that feat during my freshman year. I wondered if regular sex made the difference.

I had been sitting at my desk for an hour pouring over text books when Alexis pushed open my door and walked up to the side of my desk. She had that sultry look on her face that I had become so accustomed to. She looked down at me and then, without a word, dropped to her knees and pushed herself under my desk. Her face popped up between my thighs with a huge grin on her face. She pulled my zipper down and reached in to pull my instantly hard cock out of my boxer shorts. 

Alexis immediately pushed her lips down on my glans and kissed it with a resounding smack when she pulled back. She jerked me off with both hands as she stared up at me. I was groaning hard and she loved the reaction. When I looked back down at her gorgeous face she was stretching her lips over the glans as she maintained eye contact with me. Even with her lips full of cock, she smiled up at me. One hand dropped off my shaft but she continued to jerk me off with the other one as her lips pushed down the shaft displacing the remaining hand as her nose pushed into my pubic hair. My shaft was in her throat but she could still flick her tongue out to tickle my balls. The pubic hair on her nose and tongue tickled her and she giggled around my shaft.

My head fell back on my shoulders as I groaned and humped up my hips. Alexis was doing her throat-job thing and I knew I couldn't hold out for long. She pulled back off my cock and said, "Cum for me Baby. I love you," and she went right back down to the bottom again.

In less than a minute I mumbled, "Oh fuck Babe. Here it comes." My shoulders and back slammed back against the chair as my hips surged forward. Alexis knew what was coming and she made her adjustments to handle it. She pulled back to the ridge and locked her lips as her tongue lashed the nerve bundle. She started swallowing with the first monster shot of cum. It must have been more than usual because tears burst from Alexis' eyes as they went wide and her cheeks puffed out. She gulped hard and was barely ready for the next shot. After that, she was on top of it and didn't have any more trouble.

When I was spent, Alexis pulled her lips off my softening cock and gulped again. She pushed cum along her lower lip and into her mouth and slurped up escaped cum and saliva. She sucked my cock back onto her lips and sank her mouth back down the length of my shaft lashing it with her tongue until she was satisfied it was clean. She pulled off with a smack and pushed my cock back in my pants and zipped me up. She put her chin on my crotch and looked up at me. She smiled and said, "Fuck Baby. That was a load. I propose an experiment for you to abstain for three weeks to see if you can fill up a water glass after." She giggled at my reaction.

I stared down at her face in my lap and said, "No way Babe. Three weeks? I'd fucking explode." She laughed and pulled herself out from under the desk and stood up. She leaned in and kissed me and snaked her tongue into my mouth. I could taste my cum on her tongue.

She pulled back and kissed me on the nose and then turned and walked back to the door saying, "Get back to the books Engineering-Boy." She turned back to me and blew me an air-kiss and closed the door behind her. 'Wow. That took the edge off,'' I thought and tried to get back to where I left off. After another hour, I was getting burned out. I needed a distraction and I knew just where to get one. I went to the kitchen and fixed a 'crackers n' cheese' snack and carried the plate into Alexis' study room. She wasn't there. I continued down the hall and found her sitting on the bed propped up by a pile of pillows with her knees up reading a textbook. 

She looked up and saw what I was carrying and grinned, "Oh my God. That's perfect. I was just thinking I needed something but I didn't know what I wanted. Now I do." She turned her book upside down and placed it on the bedspread. I put the plate beside her and she dug in. I lay on the bed just below her feet and reached up between her thighs and lightly ran my fingertips over her panties. She mumbled around the cracker crumbs and cheese, "I shhheeee haww ett issshhh." She smiled with a mouth full of food, swallowed and tried again, "I see how it is." I grinned at her.

"Quid pro quo, babe," I said. I pulled her panties to the side exposing her hairless vagina. I sucked my finger into my mouth and pulled it back out. I dragged my saliva-slick finger over her clitoris and Alexis's hips pulsed forward in an involuntary motion. She groaned and then grinned at me.

"You're teasing me and I like it," she said. She reached down with both hands and pulled back her panties even further and spread her outer labia exposing her pink inner lips. Her vagina was beginning to flood with her lubrication and her clitoris became erect pushing out from its protective hood. I pushed my index finger into her pussy and she dragged her index finger over her clitoris. She moaned out, "Make me cum Baby. I need it." I looked up at her face and she had that look again. She also had cracker crumbs on her lips which she discovered when she pulled her finger out of her pussy and pushed it into her mouth. She licked the crumbs off and then lashed her finger clean of her own lubrication before touching her clitoris again. 

I teased her with my finger and watched the litany of contortions wash over her face. She had closed her eyes and began breathing raggedly. Then I made my move. I scooched in close to her and pushed my face between her thighs. I watched her face as I pushed my lips into place. She knew what was coming and she didn't need to look. I used my broad tongue to lap her vagina from her anus upward. She sucked air into her lungs as I made my way. She held her breath until I touched her clitoris and her breath exploded from her. She moaned, "Oh Jesus, Baby." 

I dragged my speared tongue back down through her labia and pushed into her pussy. I slowly pumped my tongue in and out of her and she was in a continuous groan and she moaned, "I can feel it coming. Oh my gawwwddddd." With that, I started drilling her pussy with my tongue. She launched into her orgasm as her pussy forced my tongue out with her spasms. I kept pushing back in and she pushed it back out again. Her clenches were hard and forceful and she kept going for nearly two minutes before she started to settle down. Her pussy randomly pulsed for another couple of minutes. I lapped up her juice as it was pushed out by her clenching pussy. I had watched her face through the whole thing and when she finally opened her eyes and looked at me, my chin was resting lightly on her mons pubis grinning up at her. She slammed her thighs on my face and giggled as I tried to extract myself. She opened her legs and motioned for me to come up to her. I crawled up between her thighs and she kissed me passionately and then said, "I love you."

I pulled back from between her legs and moved up beside her. She reached over and picked up her textbook and closed it and set it on the nightstand. She said, "I'm too wasted to study. I think a good night's sleep is in order. I was catching myself reading the same paragraph over and over again." I agreed and we did our bathroom rituals and crawled under the sheets. I was on my back with Alexis curled up on her side tucked into my body. Her head rested on my chest and I kissed her on the top of the head as she licked my nipple. I was asleep in a minute.

I woke at 4:22 AM to some disturbance. I came awake slowly and noticed that nothing was resting on my body, not even a sheet. I felt a pressure on either side of my waist. It was pitch black but I could just make out a form above me. My usual morning woody had arrived early and I felt a pressure on the tip which became a pressure on my shaft as Alexis let her body descend down over it. She had her feet by my waist and she was clutching the headboard. She was sliding her pussy down my shaft and we both groaned hard as she progressed. I put my hands on her slim waist to help her maneuver. She dropped all the way down until she was sitting on my balls and just stayed there for a few moments. She muttered, "Jesus. He's huge this morning." She used her grip on the headboard to pull herself up my shaft and then bounced several times on the glans. I could hear her ragged breathing but I couldn't see well enough to see her facial contortions.

I didn't move a muscle and Alexis fucked me for several minutes before she softly groaned, "Oh Fuck, Baby. I'm gonna cum. Ohhhh gggawwwdddd. Yesssss." She maintained her pace and as her pussy began clenching my cock I groaned, "I'm with you. Yunnnggggg," as I clenched and released my load into her sex. I didn't want to interrupt her but I couldn't help but drive my hips up into her and pull her hips down with my first salvo. I released her hips as subsequent shots burst into her. She felt every one and groaned hard as they arrived.

I was done well before her and she sat on my crotch with my cock deep in her pussy as she gyrated her hips and ground her sex on mine. She continued to moan and groan until her orgasm washed through her. She took her hands off the headboard and dropped them to my chest and then reached forward in search of my face. She caressed my cheeks once she found me in the dark. She leaned forward to kiss me and her hips came up off my crotch. My softening cock slid out of her soaking wet pussy and flopped down on my stomach.

I wrapped my arms around her back and pulled her down so her tits were pressed into my chest. I kissed out into the dark and found her forehead. She giggled at my miss. She used my miss to adjust her trajectory and kissed me full on the lips. She was bent like a pretzel so she pushed her feet down my legs and laid her body on top of mine. I grabbed her ass cheeks and pinched them and pulled her down hard on my soft cock. She giggled and rested her head back on my upper chest and shoulder. We fell back to sleep just like that.

When the alarm went off a short time later, I was startled. It was still pitch black but I knew what the weight on top of me was. I smiled to myself and pinched Alexis' ass again. She shook her hips and groaned, "I'm still tired. I'm going to sleep in for another hour. Go do your practice. I'll be dreaming of you." She rolled off toward her side of the bed and I pushed myself to my feet. There was no point in showering. I'd have to take one after practice anyway. To avoid smelling of sex, I washed my cock in the sink. I dressed and made some peanut butter toast.

Practice was a grind but at least I wasn't sore and lame anymore. I had taken one final this morning and I had one this afternoon and then two tomorrow. I was in the cafeteria when Alexis came in. She had a huge smile on her face so I figured she was happy with her two finals this morning. She has one right after lunch and one tomorrow. We used our time to eat and make plans for the party. Rachel had called her to tell her that she would assign one of her staff to the gate. That would help a lot. I asked Chuck, who is one of my friends that was at least twenty-one, to buy a couple kegs and accessories. I gave him a list of booze and gave him a few hundred bucks. Chase was going to bring a Karaoke machine. It wouldn't be my thing but someone might get a kick out of it, especially after the alcohol is flowing.
