 In the end I guess we had all had a bit too much to drink. That's why it happened. Don't know about the others, but personally I'm really glad it did happen! For me, it was the beginning of something special, and enjoyable. Hope it is for the others as well. And it let me be the dom - "nice dom" - I always fancied being!

We decided to have a weekend away. There was myself - Tony, and my wife Sandy. Our kids had pretty well left home, one still at college, the other working in a school many miles away. Then there was Sandy's sister Jackie, and her husband Tim. Their daughter Amy was now eighteen, and staying with a friend for the weekend. We had all gotten along really well over the years, but somehow this was the first weekend the four of us had free at the same time, free from work, and children, and ties. Free to go away to a lodge by a lake for a weekend to relax, and fish, and walk and read.

Sandy had organised it. She was smallish, full figure, curly dark hair, bubbly, lively and an organiser. Her sister Jackie was taller, slimmer and much more quiet, long black straight hair, very friendly, and while embarrassed enjoyed and endured the outrageous teasing and flirting I engaged in with her. It was all fun, banter, no substance! Tim laughed along - again a quiet, gentle, friendly guy -a tall slim guy without an ounce of fat. We had always got on fine, enjoyed chatting football and motorbikes, as well as the occasional day fishing together. Their daughter Amy was a gorgeous mixture of both - shy, quiet, tall slim, long dark hair as well, waiting to fill out to a beautiful woman. She had a quiet innocence to her. I got on great with Amy.

Sandy had organised for us all to share a car, and get to the lodge on the Friday evening, and organised the meal for us. Tim and I had a couple hours fishing on the lake - caught nothing - while the two sisters caught up and chatted unstoppably for the rest of the evening! The later part of the evening included a bottle of wine shared between the four of us. As we went to bed I flicked an outlandish wink at Jackie, and asked her - so the others could hear - should we swap partners for the weekend? Her retort was quick - I could sleep with Tim if I wanted, but would probably prefer to sleep with my wife! We all laughed, headed to sleep... It was odd - as I went to sleep I had visions of Tim on his hands and knees...

The next day we had breakfast, and myself and Tim decided to fish again. We caught a couple before the rain started. After an hour of sitting in the rain we decided to call it a day - about late morning. We decided we'd do our own thing hoping the weather would get better later in the day. "Own Thing" consisted of wine, beers, and bit more wine - there was little else to do, and it made the reading and chatter easier. The rain didn't ease, and maybe we all had too much to drink, although none of us could be called drunk.

Late afternoon Jackie and Tim decided they would have a walk despite the rain, to clear their heads. It was while they were out that the chat between Sandy and I took a decidedly "coarse" edge. Sandy reckoned the drink was having an effect on her. She would expect "special" treatment later from her husband. I replied we couldn't make it TOO special as the sounds would carry through the lodge and Jackie and Tim would hear us. Sandy giggled: "Think how kinky that would be, them listening to us!"

My response - didn't sound that kinky, there must be far more kinky things than that to do. 

Sandy's response: "Men are always perverts! What kinky things do you want to do?"

We were pretty open, knowing we would never do many of the things we talked about. So I said the first thing that came to my mind. "Be far more kinky watching you and Jackie making out! Or Tim giving you a good banging."

Sandy giggled. "I knew you men were perverted, and you are the most perverted. Tim? I'd have to give HIM a good banging - he's a bit of a wimp! Anyway, Jackie says he has some real equipment in his trousers." Sandy giggled. "Maybe I would like to feel what he has in me. Would you let me? You would have to screw Jackie if I screwed Tim. Perhaps we should give it a go?" This was all new, and maybe my look gave me away. I would love to screw Jackie! Sandy giggled again. "Anyway, if me and Jackie did it, you would probably end up sleeping with Tim. Would you screw him???" Perhaps Sandy read something in my face which suggested I might even like to try it...

Before I could reply we heard Tim and Jackie on the doorstep laughing, taking off their waterproofs to leave in the hallway - clearly the drink was still working on them. We were silent as they came into the sitting room, their arrival knocking us off stride. "Gone quiet in here," Jackie commented. "What were you talking about?"

It was probably the drink which loosened Sandy's tongue. "Tony was telling me the kinkiest thing he wanted to do!"

Tim blushed red at the crude direction of the conversation, but Jackie was feeling un-inhibited from the drink. "Suppose he wants to do what all men want to do. Blow jobs. Anal. Spank you!"

There was pause at the open-ness of Jackie, all of us rather surprised she spoke so freely. 

Perhaps the drink had got to me too. "No, not that. I wanted to see you and Sandy having sex together." Tim shrunk into a chair, Sandy giggled.

Jackie pretended to look shocked before she retorted. "We'll only do that after we've seen you and Tim having full sex together." Jackie had never talked openly about sex like this before, in my presence. It had to be the drink speaking. But the room was suddenly electric. Tim embarrassed. Sandy open-mouthed shocked, Jackie embarrassed at what she had said. Like many men, I'd often thought Jackie was sexy, but never thought anything would ever happen. Sandy was hot, and imaginative, and even let me fantasize occasionally when we were making love. But this was new. The first time there had ever been a sexually charged atmosphere between the four of us. And no-one quite sure how to get out of it. 

I suppose I was the first to react. I shocked myself. I sat down next to Tim on the settee and kissed him. Put my lips to his, put my arms around him and pulled him tight to me. I thrust my tongue into his mouth, and began to probe inside his mouth. Tim didn't move. He was shocked, I think. I held the kiss for several seconds, probing with my mouth, until I felt his tongue respond to mine. His tongue softly played with mine. I had never done anything like this before. Never thought of doing anything like this. I had never thought of Tim this way before this weekend... It was good...

I released him with one arm, and gently moved my hand down his shirt, lower and lower, until I rested my hand on the front of his trousers. I gently pushed, and felt his cock, as hard as a rock.

For a moment I broke the kiss, and looked at Jackie. "Is this what you wanted, honey?" I asked her. I took her look of shock, lack of response as not saying no! I put my mouth back to Tim's mouth and kissed again. This time I felt him responding more strongly, pushing his tongue back into my mouth. It was the hottest thing I think I'd ever experienced. I moved my hand for a moment, and fumbled with his belt, undoing the buckle. I undid the button on his waist, then pushed the zip of his trousers down. He was helping me - he had lifted himself off the settee so I could lower his boxers and trousers to his knees. I held his now twitching cock - it was a nice size - a bit bigger than mine. I ran my fingers up and down, never breaking the kiss. I caressed his balls, squeezing them gently. I heard him moan into my mouth.

We broke the kiss and I lowered my face to his lap, and kissed the tip of his cock. Somehow instinct had taken over. It felt so hot. And he was submitting. I let my tongue go up and down his cock, caressing the circumcised top, clicking under the bell, tasting his pre-cum. I took the tip of his cock in my mouth, then slowly lowered, sucking gently on him. I took his cock in my mouth as full as I could, then pulled up, then down again. Tim was gently holding my head, moaning softly as I gave him a blow job. I tried to judge the right speed, sucking on his cock, taking it in and out of my mouth. I never thought I could do this, and now it felt so good. He was moaning louder as I slid his cock in and out faster and faster, swirling my tongue around his cock as I did so. Suddenly I felt him tense, hold my head, thrust upwards, cry out as I tasted his cum spurting into my mouth. It tasted salty. I swallowed, as he seemed to thrust five of six times, each time emptying cum into my throat. 

At last his thrusting stopped, his cock began to gently shrink. Suddenly I felt "empowered", in charge, wanting more... I released him, turned to Sandy and ordered her - get your Vaseline. I undid Tim's shirt and pulled it off him. By the time Sandy returned I had removed Tim's trousers and boxers from his feet. I ordered him: "On your hands and knees, bitch."

He did. As quick as he could. Sandy handed me the Vaseline she had fetched from our bedroom. I put some on my finger, and put my finger to his asshole. I gently eased my finger inside, putting the lubricant around the ring. Fair to Tim, he didn't move at all as I pushed my finger into his ass. I removed my finger, stood up and quickly removed my trousers and pants. I smeared a bit of the Vaseline around my rigid cock, then knelt behind him, putting the tip of my cock to his asshole. I felt him tense, but still he didn't move. I held his hips, and with increasing pressure pushed my cock at his ass. It took a few moments, but suddenly the tip was in, through the ring, which gripped tight. I pushed harder, further, deeper. Tim was tense, but gradually relaxed as I pushed deeper into him. It was probably the tightest place my cock had ever been - never even done anal with Sandy. Suddenly I was fully in. I rested, waited a few moments, before pulling out and thrusting back in, pulling Tim onto my cock with my hands holding his hips. I pulled out and slammed in again, and again, and again, faster and faster...

It only took a couple of minutes before I felt myself tensing. I thrust hard into Tim, and began pumping cum deep into his guts. Don't think I ever pumped more into anyone. Felt so tight, so hot. Tim thrust back to meet me, as I came in him.

A couple of moments later there was nothing else to give. I relaxed and pulled my cock out of him, exhausted.

I helped Tim onto the settee, sat there beside him. Recovered.

We all sat silently, no-one sure what to say. I had loved it. I think Tim had. I wasn't quite sure what Sandy and Jackie thought. I still felt bold, and remembered where this had all started. I turned to Jackie and Sandy: "Okay ladies, your turn. We've done our bit." 

There was silence for a few moments, then Sandy stood up and moved to the chair where Jackie sat. She leant in and kissed her primly on the lips. There was something wrong. Jackie pulled away. "I can't do it. Sorry, I can't do it." Her voice was rising. "She's my sister. I've never done it with a woman. I can't do it with you watching. I can't do it..." Her voice had risen to a panic as what she was about to do hit her. "Please, no..." she cried out.

Again there was the embarrassed pause, before Sandy relaxed, smiled at her, gently stroked Jackie's face with her fingers, then moved away. "Perhaps we should make some coffee while you two guys get dressed! Come on, Jackie." Sandy spoke warmly and the two girls had moved off to the kitchen while we, now also feeling embarrassed, got dressed.

The rest of the evening was a rather stilted time, and conversation superficial, all of us pretending and acting as if nothing had happened. It was as the evening drew on that Jackie sort of brought the conversation back to where we were. There had been a pause, then she spoke very hesitantly. "I'm really sorry about earlier. I really wanted to do it, but I couldn't. Didn't want to spoil everyone's fun..."

Everyone smiled, tried to be forgiving. Jackie spoke again "Please, I want to do whatever I can to make it up, if I can, but please be nice to me."

It was Sandy who replied. "Do you really want to make it better?" Jackie nodded her head, but we all knew she was still scared of what we might say.

Sandy continued. "Well, I know what I want to do. If you are happy. I want to spend the night with Tim, and try him out. He looked really sexy earlier. Nice equipment!"

I was shocked - Sandy had never suggested anything like that before. It was clear Tim liked the thought of spending the night with Sandy! He tried to maintain a strange air of keenness and disinterest! Sandy seemed to be in charge. She turned to Jackie. "It means you'll have to share a bed with Tony tonight. He won't make you do anything you don't want. Will you?" She asked the question turning to me.

I was very keen to re-assure Jackie that I would try to restrain myself, but the thought of sharing the bed with Jackie had me hard as a rock! Again, the next half hour was back to that rather embarrassed state we had earlier as we got ready for bed. I'm not sure how we managed it but I ended up in bed with Jackie, each of us on our own sides of the bed, while the other side of the thin timber wall Tim and Sandy were sharing a bed. 

Truth be told, they were doing more than sharing a bed, and we could hear most of it through the wall! Jackie lay in the bed very tensely. I tried to reach out a hand to her, but she shuffled away whenever I did. She was at her most tense as we heard the bed in the next room bumping, and heard Sandy cry out "FUCK ME, PLEASE FUCK ME, PLEASE PUT YOUR GORGEOUS COCK IN MY CUNT...OH YES, THAT FEELS SO GOOD, FUCK ME HARDER, HARDER..." her crying out culminated in a long moan as she came hard. I'm sure she was crying out for our benefit. Moments later we heard a man's voice cry out "I'M CUMMING, I'M GOING TO FILL YOUR CUNT..."

Things went quiet in the next room, and I think Jackie started to relax. It was several minutes before I had gone to sleep, my cock still hard, still on my side of the bed, feeling jealous of Tim who had got his dream woman - his sister-in-law. And I hadn't.

It was probably all the alcohol, but I slept remarkably well. When I went to the toilet in the early hours it was clear Jackie was also asleep, as her body rose and fell gently, her back to me. For a few minutes I pondered. Jackie had changed in the bathroom the previous evening, but I had watched her as she had come into the bedroom in her knee length nightie, and wondered what she was wearing underneath. I had decided to go to bed naked - why should I change a habit of a lifetime? I wondered about the night before, understanding her sudden panic, but knowing that she had been willing, but something had stopped her. She hadn't said no to sharing a bed with me, and hadn't seemed to want to stop Tim and Sandy enjoying themselves. Perhaps...

It was already light when I woke up, and clearly I had been moving around in the bed. I woke with my arm around Jackie, as she lay with her back to me. She seemed to be awake, but not wanting to disturb me. She clearly hadn't pushed me away, which seemed a good sign. I took the chance to simply wrap my arm around her and pull her to me, so that my cock was resting along the join of the cheeks of her ass over her nightie. She tensed, but then seemed to relax. We lay there several minutes, before we heard sounds from next door, where Sandy and Tim were sleeping together, just the other side of the thin wall. Sleeping was perhaps the wrong word!

The sounds were obvious - two people making love! I decided I should make a move - in one move with my hands I pulled Jackie's nightie up her body, at the same time, arching my back and pushing my cock between her legs, along the lips of her pussy, encased in her panties. She was very warm, her panties very damp between her legs. Even better - she didn't move.

As we lay there listening, I gently pulled my cock back, and slid it along her panties again, over the lips of her pussy. This time I felt her just move to accommodate my cock more. I felt the crotch of her panties getting wetter as well. This time I knew she would let me take her. 

I slid my cock back and fore again, and this time whispered in her ear "Your pussy feels fantastic. Why not take your panties off?" There was a pause, then I felt her reaching down, her legs flailing a little as she removed her panties. I removed my cock to let her pull them down and off her feet, before she lay down again, and I rested my cock along her pussy again. Her pussy felt very warm and wet.

I slid my cock back and along her pussy again. Again I whispered to her "Your pussy feels amazing. So wet. Bet it tastes wonderful." I paused, feeling Jackie squirming gently in arousal, before whispering again: "Maybe we should call it by its proper name. Your cunt feels so good. I can't wait to get my cock inside you."

At that moment we heard Sandy cry out next door: "Fuck me, get your cock in me NOW..."

Still I held back with Jackie, and whispered again. "I'll fuck you when you beg me to put my cock in your cunt..."

"Please do it, please..." Jackie whispered.

"No..." it was fun pushing it even further. "Turn, lie on your back, spread your legs and beg, beg properly...beg out loud..." I suppose I wanted Sandy and Tim to hear her begging, perhaps that played up to my kinkiness. As I spoke I grabbed one of her tits and squeezed hard, pinching her nipple between my fingers. 

Instantly Jackie turned onto her back. And instantly she cried out loud. "FUCK ME, YOU BASTARD. FUCK MY CUNT. LET ME FEEL YOUR COCK INSIDE."

As she cried out I rolled on top of her, and thrust my cock deep into her sopping wet cunt. As I did she moaned with pleasure, wrapping her arms and legs around me. Immediately I pulled out and thrust in her again, and again. Her body was squirming, Jackie moaning as I fucked her. In moments she was crying out as her orgasm swept through her body, the lips of her cunt squeezing and rippling over my cock. It was too much, I thrust deep into her and spurted my cum deep into her, filling her. 

At last we came down, me still lying on her, my now shrunken cock still inside her. I looked into her eyes and spoke to her again softly. "Now I know you really are a slut. You will do everything I tell you to. You will have sex with Sandy if I tell you to. I will spank your ass if I want to. And you will take it up the ass if I tell you to. You will do a gangbang if I tell you to. You will let Tim fuck whoever I tell him to, and when I want her, you will watch me fuck your daughter Amy in front of you. Do you understand?"

Jackie looked shocked. "Please, no..." Somehow, Jackie's body gave her away. She squirmed as I told her what she had to do.

I spoke to her a bit more softly. "Jackie, whatever I tell you to do you will enjoy. And I would never hurt you. But you and I and Tim and Sandy are going to have a kinky journey together..." As I said this I thrust my now hard again cock deep into her and she moaned out loud. I stopped a moment, and asked her. "And who can I fuck while you are watching?"

She cried out: "I want you to fuck Amy, put you cock in her cunt, fill her with you cum..." her voiced distorted into a long moan as her orgasm overwhelmed her.

It was odd, the next hour or so as we had breakfast, packed, got back in the car to head home. Between the four of us we barely mentioned what had happened, although it was obvious Tim was already a puppy dog to Sandy. In the car I mentioned that I had already booked the lodge for next weekend. And Amy would come along as well... They had no choice!