 It was Sunday afternoon after the party/orgy. The Caterers had come to cart away all the extra food. Chase had returned to take his Karaoke Machine. Alexis and I had cleaned every surface from furniture to counter-tops to floors. Laundry was going and Noah came down the hallway from the main part of the house and more or less collapsed into a recliner-chair in the living room. He was all disheveled in a miss-buttoned shirt. The crotch of his pants was stained with a wet substance that was unmistakable. He had bright red lipstick smeared on his lips and cheeks.

We had been sitting in the living room drinking a cup of coffee when he stumbled in. We looked at each other and burst out laughing. He muttered something like, "Jesus Christ. Those two are as insatiable as Crystal. What do they say about older women reaching their sexual peak? Rachel is a wild woman." He looked at us looking at him and continued, "Fuck. Listen to me; complaining about being fucked out. What an idiot." We all nodded and laughed. 

We knew he would lay the details on us first thing and he didn't disappoint. "Rachel wanted to try every position in the Kama Sutra, I think. Some of them were new to me and I thought after Olivia and Sophia that I had done them all. I lost count of Rachel's orgasms and she wanted more but I couldn't get it up anymore. Mitch was more reserved with me but a crazed harlot with her mother." Alexis giggled at his word "Harlot". Noah looked down and noticed his shirt and he re-buttoned them in order. He brushed his hands over the crotch of his pants and groaned.

Noah looked at us drinking coffee and he mumbled something about 'needing some of that' as he struggled out of the recliner and headed for the kitchen. Alexis took a sip off her cup and said, "Let's discuss our plan with Noah." I nodded and when he got back and sat back in the recliner again with a cup of coffee, Alexis said, "Noah. Do you have to get back home today?" Noah looked at Alexis and then me. He had a confused look on his face but he shook his head 'No'. Alexis continued, "Hunter has to stay here for a few more days to get ready for the Bowl game a couple days after Christmas. I was going to go home Tuesday morning but I've moved it up to tomorrow and then Hunter would drive the van home a couple days later. You have to drive right past the city to get home so we thought maybe you could drop me off at our condo on your way. Then we would only have one vehicle to drive back after semester break." She smiled her sexy little smile to cap her request.

I knew there wouldn't be any problem. Any time that Noah could spend around Alexis was a bonus for him. He vigorously nodded his head and grinned at Alexis. The decision was made. Noah looked around and commented on how much cleaner everything was since he had left three hours earlier. Alexis told him he had fresh linens on his bed and he appreciated that. He and Crystal had basically destroyed the bed in his guest bedroom last night and this morning. Noah asked for Crystal's contact information but we didn't have it. His best bet was to go back and ask Rachel. He was reluctant to do that.

Other than the Football practice sessions, we just lounged around in the apartment and recovered from Saturday night's orgy. It had been a great party and Noah wanted to know all about Alexis' friends. He had seen several of them on TV before but as usual, he only had eyes for Alexis and had paid them no attention. We took Noah to our Bar-B-Q joint for dinner and he agreed it was the best ever.

The next morning, Alexis and I enjoyed our favorite shower sex in a long, slow, sensual session of love-making. Alexis had two orgasms and I had one in synch with her second. Noah bitched because we had used all the hot-water. I would have to tell Rachel that it looked like the hot-water heater was still not right.

Alexis packed a huge suitcase and a duffle-bag and I loaded it into Noah's car. Noah loaded his and then we man-hugged and shook hands. There was no emotion in our parting. I probably wouldn't see him again for a while but we had parted hundreds of times over the years since we were five, so it was always 'until we see each other again'. I kissed and hugged Alexis for a long time. Any time away from her seemed like an eternity. Tears popped out of her eyes and rolled down her cheeks and she got me going too. It was Monday and I would be home on Wednesday afternoon for Christmas Eve.

I wished Noah a Merry Christmas and asked him to relay that to his parents. He nodded, hugged me again and climbed behind the wheel. They drove off with Alexis waving and throwing kisses until they were out of sight. I stepped into the garage and pressed a button to open the cast-iron perimeter gate. It would automatically close when a sensor picked up on the vehicle passing through. I stepped back out into the driveway just to enjoy the total silence. It was cold and I blew on my hands as my breath formed a fog that drifted away in a slight breeze.

I reluctantly pulled myself out of my reverie and slid up into the van driver's seat and went to morning practice. I was late and the field house parking close to the entrance was full, so I found a slot way in the back row. There was an old style Cadillac Fleetwood parked in front of me. I started to get out of the van when I noticed movement in the car that I had parked nose to nose with. It was Coach Hannah's car and she was sitting in the passenger side front seat with a pair of legs draped past her head over the front seat. Hannah's face was buried in a pussy so she didn't see me looking down from my higher perch through my windshield and hers only ten feet away. Sprawled on her dashboard was the torso of one of Hannah's Cheerleaders. She was in uniform with her sweater pulled up over her tits and her pleated skirt pulled up around her waist. Her panties were probably on the floor. Hannah's hands were mashing the girl's tits as she was drilling her tongue deep into her pussy. The girl was writhing everywhere. Her hair was basically wiping the inside of the windshield as her lead rolled from side to side in obvious ecstasy. 

I was getting a boner as I watched them. I pulled my cock out of my pants and started jerking off. I reached under the seat and found my clean 'cum-towel' and laid it across my thigh. At one point Hannah came up for air but she wasn't looking at anything beyond the girl's tits and pussy. I couldn't see much of the girls face but her hair color and the style was familiar. I had never been introduced to her and I didn't know her name. 

Suddenly, the girl began humping her hips up into Hannah's face in an obvious orgasm. Hannah did her best to stay with her. I could see the girl's mouth open in an apparent scream but I couldn't hear anything except the rhythmic tinging of the van's engine as it cooled. In a minute or so, the girl pulled her legs back into the front seat and Hannah lay over on the bench seat and the girl maneuvered into a sixty-nine position with Hannah on the bottom. All I could see now was the girl's ass rocking forward and back with Hannah's hands on her hips and the girls head bobbing up and down as she was obviously eating Hannah's pussy. 

I could feel that familiar sensation coming on and I let it come. I let out a grunt as my lungs seized. I grabbed the towel and wrapped it around my cock. As my first rope of cum blasted into the towel, I let out a "GGGGYYYYYAAAAAA," sound as my head rolled back on my neck. My flailing hand accidently hit the steering wheel and the horn tooted. I was in mid groan and when I looked forward again, Hannah and the Cheerleader were sitting up looking at me. Hannah had an ear to ear grin on her glistening face. The Cheerleader was looking back and forth from me to Hannah and was confused by the look on Hannah's face. She obviously just wanted to get out of there. I was in mid orgasm and nothing in the world was going to interrupt that. I kept on flailing my cock with my hand and from the motion of my right arm and shoulder; Hannah knew exactly what I was doing.

The huge door of the Fleetwood swung open and Hannah, stepped out as she smoothed down her skirt. She reached her hand back into her car and pulled the Cheerleader across the seat to stand beside her. Her sweater was still above her tits and she didn't seem to notice. Her pleated skirt fell back into place. Hannah maneuvered the girl out of the way and slammed her door. Hannah's grin had not diminished as she walked toward my van pulling the girl with her.

From the lascivious look on Hannah's face, I knew what she was planning. The girl looked like she was looking for a way to escape but Hannah didn't release her grip on the girl's wrist. Hanna opened the sliding door on the passenger side and climbed in as I was blowing my last salvo of cum into my towel. She pulled the girl in behind her and slid the door shut. She looked around the back of the van and found nothing except for two rolled up yoga mats. She didn't say a word as I rotated my seat toward the center. She rolled the yoga mats out on the van floor and positioned them side-by-side. Hannah was on her knees and the girl was stooped over as she stood there. She was trembling and when I pulled my towel off the end of my cock, her trembling turned into a vibration. Her eyes went wide and her mouth opened as she mumbled, "Holy Shit." She didn't have that 'I've got to get out of here' look on her face anymore. 

Hannah noticed the change too and motioned for the girl to come down on one of the mats. Hannah pulled the girls sweater over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra, even though she should have. Her tits were large and firm. Her nipples were extremely hard and the girl immediately started running her index fingers around them. The girl unzipped her pleated skirt and slithered out of it. She was now wearing socks and sneakers and a gold waist chain. Her pussy was drenched from her tryst with Hannah.

The girl was pretty in a 'girl-next-door' way. She had light brown hair that hung straight to below her breasts. Her stomach was trim and her hips narrow, which made her large tits look even bigger. She had an obvious thigh gap that I couldn't pull my eyes away from. From what I could tell when her ass was in the air in Hannah's front seat, her ass was spectacular. I couldn't confirm that as she stood facing me staring at my cock in my fist. I was stroking my hard cock as she watched. Her voice trembled as she said, "You're 'Meat' right?" I nodded. "I'm Vanessa or just "Nessy" like the monster. Speaking of monsters, I'm glad to finally meet you and I'm delighted to see that your nickname suits you perfectly."

Hannah pushed one of the yoga mats between the two front seats and guided Vanessa to her knees between mine. She smiled at Hannah as she backed off and started getting undressed. Vanessa looked up at me and then down to my cock. She placed her extended fingers on my glans and waited to see if I would release my cock to her. I smiled at her and pulled back my hand. She wrapped her fingers around as much of my shaft as she could and started a double fisted hand-job. She'd obviously done this before. She smiled up at me as her hands counter-rotated on my shaft. I looked from Vanessa over to Hannah as her bra came off and was deposited on top of Vanessa's clothes. Hannah's skirt dropped and she had no panties on either. She kicked the skirt over with the rest of their clothes. Hannah's nipples were as hard as stone. Her pussy glistened from Vanessa's saliva and her own lubrication. 

Hannah came over and knelt down beside Vanessa and watched her hands working my cock. She looked up at me to see my reaction. She grinned at me and I grinned back. I figured that Hannah would take over the show but instead she maneuvered herself in behind Vanessa and sat down on the mat with her legs stretched out toward me. She pulled herself up close to Vanessa and pressed her tits into Vanessa's back as she reached around Vanessa and cradled her large tits in her hands and rolled her hardened nipples with her index fingers and thumbs.

Vanessa switched from a double-fisted hand-job to a single hand and cradled my balls with the other. Hannah released Vanessa's tits and moved one hand up under her ass and started finger-fucking her pussy. With her free hand she gently pushed Vanessa's head toward my cock. Vanessa resisted at first but then relented and leaned forward and put her lips on my velvety crown and kissed it as she looked directly into my eyes. She pulled her head back and spit on the crown and then pushed the crown into the corner of her lips and stretched them over the knob. She continued to stroke with a single hand from balls to her lips. She stopped as her lips locked around the ridgeline. Her eyes started to water and she pulled off with a huge glob of saliva following close behind. She gathered the glob in her hand and rubbed it into my cock for lubrication.

I looked at Hannah. She was smiling as she was trying to push Vanessa's head back on my cock with her open hand on the back of her head. Vanessa was resisting and Hannah finally got frustrated with her and got up on her knees and leaned over Vanessa's shoulder trying to get her own mouth on my cock. She resorted to nudging Vanessa aside and taking her place between my knees. She grinned up at me and grabbed my cock away from Vanessa and struggled to get her lips over the knob. Her grin broadened when she was successful. She proceeded to give me a great half-cock blow-job. Her hands were on my thighs as her head bobbed up and down. I looked at Vanessa. She was concentrating on Hannah's blow-job with a wistful smile on her face.

After a few minutes of Hannah's blow-job, she pulled off and leaned back. She pulled me off the driver's seat to the mat in the middle of the van. She pulled me along as she sat back on the mat and then lay back with her knees up and spread wide. I was on my knees inching my cock closer to her pussy. I pressed my knees up against her ass. Hannah lifted her hips with her legs in search of my cock. I guided it to her and pushed in at a steady pace. I stopped at the usual spot. Hannah had given me a blow-job on the plane but we had not fucked yet. She was anxious and she grabbed my hips and pulled me hard into her as she let out a scream. She stopped pulling on me and in a moment she was okay to go and I pushed the rest of the way in. 

Vanessa came up behind me and cradled my balls as I started fucking Hannah. I didn't go easy on her and picked up my pace. Hannah was handling everything I could give her and then she motioned for Vanessa to come sit on her face while I fucked the shit out of her. Vanessa complied by setting her pussy down on Hannah's face as she faced me. She pushed her tits up to my face and I began sucking on her tits and nipples. She started groaning as soon as Hannah began her tongue attack. 

Five minutes later, Hannah started to seize her muscles. I could feel her pussy on my cock. Her orgasm took over her body and she lost Vanessa's pussy as she moaned, "Oh my gggawwwddd. I'mmm cumminnngggg. Oh shit." 

Vanessa had been getting close herself and she was disappointed when Hannah abandoned her pussy. She was frantic to find a replacement for Hannah's tongue and she opted to slide down Hannah's body, push me out of Hannah's pussy and then slide her pussy on my cock. I took her weight in my hands and began heaving her back and forth on my cock. She let out an incredibly loud scream as she writhed in my arms. Her head crashed down on my shoulder as she screamed, "JESUS. JESUS. FUCK ME. HERRRREE I GOOO." She threw her arms around my neck and started driving her pussy on my cock. I could feel her muscles seize and release as she gasped for air.

Hannah was recovering from her orgasm and was watching Vanessa grinding her pussy on my cock. Vanessa was grinding so hard that I was forced back to sit on my ass. Vanessa's pussy came with my cock and she pushed me back on my back and slid into a cowgirl position with her knees at my waist, rocking her hips frantically. Vanessa was crazed. Her face was scrunched up into a mask of grim determination. 

Vanessa slowed her attack and I thought she was done. She put her hands down on my pectorals and grinned at me. She said, "I want another one. Are you ready to go?" Apparently it was a rhetorical question because she renewed her attack and fucked me with everything she had. She was tiring quickly and I grabbed her hips to help her. I lifted her hips with mine so she came up my cock and then I held my hips up so she couldn't push all the way back down again. I had four inches of cock in her and I started my piston-fuck action and she exploded into a scream and in thirty seconds she was groaning her way into another orgasm and when I drove my full length into her with my first shot of cum increased the power of her orgasm. I was groaning hard and she was screaming.

Hannah didn't want to miss out so she came around and pulled my cock out of Vanessa's spasming pussy and caught a shot in the face before she could get my cock into her mouth. She was so sure she could handle any load she didn't even try to swallow. Big mistake. In two shots, her eyes were bugging out and her cheeks were too. She tried to start swallowing but it was way too late. The next salvo blew her off the knob and she was frantically trying to push my cock back in Vanessa's pussy but caught a round in the face first. Vanessa was anxious to get it back too as she was wagging her ass in Hannah's face searching for it. When she got it back, she let out another scream as she sank down hard on it. 

Suddenly there was a banging coming from the outside of the van. A male voice yelled, "All right; open up in there." The sliding door handle jiggled but it was locked. A face appeared at the passenger side window with his hands trying to block the reflection. I knew he couldn't see anything through those black-out filmed windows. He banged again and said, "Come on Hannah. I know you're in there. What poor young unsuspecting girl are you corrupting now?" 

Vanessa had stopped immediately and she was quiet except for the heavy gasping for air. I looked over at Hannah. Whoever it was had Hannah's number. She was not pleased. She yelled back, "God Damn it Jimmy. You're stalking me. Go away. I'm having a business meeting."

From what I could see when he pushed his face to the window, Jimmy was a campus security guard. Jimmy laughed and said, "Yeah right. I've got your business meeting right here in my hand. Come on. You know the drill. One little blow-job and I'll go away." It sounded like Hannah's payment plans to stay out of trouble around the University was a blow-job.

Hannah yelled, "God Damn it Jimmy. Okay. Pull your cruiser up behind the van and don't lock the door so I'm standing in the parking lot in the nude like last time." He laughed as we could hear him walk away. While he was gone, Vanessa pulled off my cock and stood up. She was pulling her sweater and skirt back on when we heard a car pull up behind the van and the horn toot. Hannah looked at Vanessa and then me and said, "Shit. Shit. Shit." She unlocked the side door of the van and slid it open. She stuck her head out looking to see if anyone else was around and then stepped out and made a dash for the cruiser.

Vanessa and I maneuvered ourselves so we could see behind the van from our higher vantage point in the side-view mirror. We couldn't see everything but we could see enough to know exactly what was going on. Hannah slid into the front seat and closed the door. She immediately began unzipping the campus cop's zipper. We could see the cop looking down into his lap and we could see Hannah's naked shoulders and head as she bobbed up and down on the cops cock. His head lolled back on her neck and his mouth hung open. He may have been groaning but we couldn't hear anything. 
