 Nina had got the orgy started and things were warming up, Mindy and Chuck were eyeing each other apparently hoping the other would make a move. Chuck was shy, Mindy was not. She went to her knees in front of Chuck and unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. She looked up into Chuck's eyes as she licked his cock from his balls to the head. She giggled at the look on Chuck's face. She doubted that he would last a couple strokes of a blow-job. She decided not to test her hypothesis and continued to just lick his cock like a lollypop and grin up at him. 

Chuck was mumbling something like, "Oh fuck. Oh fuck." When she drilled the tip of her tongue onto his nerve bundle at the base of the ridge, she groaned, "Oh my gawwddd. Yes. Right there." She smiled and pulled back. She didn't want him to cum yet. She started slowly jerking him off.

Josie finally got her clothes off and slid off the sofa and buried Dean's cock in her mouth. He gently placed his hands on either side of her head as his head fell back and he groaned out, "Oh fuck."

I was pummeling Nina's pussy as I had her trapped against the wall. She was screaming and thrashing her head from side to side. She lifted her head and the look on her face was priceless. Her eyes were wide as her mouth hung open in the shape of an 'O' as she panted air in and out. Several minutes later, she made eye-contact with me and muttered, "Oh Jesus. Here it comes." She tried to hump her pussy harder on my cock and I got the message. I slammed my cock hard into her and her head rocked down on my chest as her orgasm crashed into her. She mumbled over and over again, "Yes. Yes. Yes."

As her orgasm dwindled, she threw her arms around my neck and collapsed against me. I held her as I lowered myself and her to the floor. When her ass touched the floor she released my neck and curled up in a fetal position and rolled onto her side. She was still gasping for air and mumbling something unintelligible. I sat my ass back on my heels and surveyed the room. The moaning and groaning noises easily overpowered the music.

Most of the action was taking place on the floor and I couldn't see over the furniture. I could see Dean sitting on one of the sofas with his head tipped back. Alexis was sitting in her chair and Noah was perched above her with his knees on the chair arms drilling his long cock into her mouth. She was taking it all right down to his balls.

I stood up and pushed my stiff, gooey cock back in my pants, adjusted the position as best I could, and moved over between Mitch and Rachel. I put my hand on Rachel's thigh and I thought she would cum right then. Mitch noticed her mother's reaction and reached over to touch my cock through my pants. I turned and smiled at Mitch as she raised her gaze from my lap to my face. She pulled her hand back and looked down at the floor. 

Alexis had apparently finished off Noah and she came over to sit beside Mitch. She leaned in to Mitch and whispered,"Lets me and you and Hunter and your mother go in another room." 

Mitch whispered back, "I don't want to disappoint my mother." She was shaking her head.

Alexis whispered, "How could you disappoint her?

Tears exploded in Mitch's eyes and she broke down as she mumbled, "Because she and I have been having sex for a long time and I don't want her to think that our relationship isn't enough." She wiped the tears from her eyes and cheeks.

Alexis said, "You know your mother is having sex elsewhere. Right?" Mitch sniffled and nodded. "Well, don't you think she wants the same for you?"

"Sure, with a guy. But, I loved having sex with you and Jan. I'm afraid she would be jealous of another woman replacing her in our relationship. Especially if I'm all she has. That's why I'm hopeful she has found someone."

Alexis looked up at me and nodded for me to step away for a chat. I stepped in close so we could speak privately. I wiped a glob of cum from her chin and pushed my finger into her mouth. She giggled and sucked my finger clean. She explained what Mitch's fears were and we decided on a plan of action.

I walked back in front of Mitch and Rachel and took them both by the hand and pulled them up to their feet. Both had confused looks on their faces and Mitch turned to Alexis for an explanation. Alexis just nodded and motioned for her to go with me. Then she turned around and surveyed the room. She was looking for Crystal and headed her way.

I looked to see if Rachel, Mitch and I were of any interest to anyone. We weren't. Everyone was fully engaged in one on one or more on more sex. Rachel was trembling as we went to the end of the hall and into the master bedroom. I closed the door and Rachel and Mitch went hand in hand to the bed and sat down alternating looks from me to each other. I walked over to Mitch and knelt in front of her. Rachel watched. I leaned forward and kissed Mitch passionately. Her immediate response was reserved but then suddenly she became the aggressor. I put my hands on her knees and slowly pushed my fingers up under her skirt, dragging my thumbs on the insides of her thighs. She was trembling so hard she vibrated. She pulled her lips back from mine, gasped a breath of air in to her lungs and went back to attacking my lips. I gave back in kind.

Her hands went to my shirt. She fumbled with the top button and then moved to other buttons. She didn't succeed with any of them. Her legs parted slightly as my hands moved closer to her sex. She pulled her lips back again and muttered, "Jesus. Jesus." She leaned her forehead against mine and whispered, "I'm scared." She placed her hands on top of mine under her skirt to stop my advance. She looked into my eyes and whispered, "I want to. I desperately want to. I'm sorry; I can't get that night out of my head." She looked at her mother whose eyes had teared up too. Mitch said, "My mother needs sex though. Can you help her? I'd like to stay if she doesn't mind. Maybe that will help." 

Rachel looked at me and I could tell she was ready to burst. She placed her hand on Mitch's and said, "I do need it and of course you can stay. Hunter figured out that we have been having sex together. Join me with him. Okay?" Mitch looked at her mother and smiled. I suggested they start and I would be right back to join them. Rachel began unbuttoning Mitch's shirt and Mitch did the same with Rachel's blouse.

I went back to the living room to see how things were going. I wanted to give Mitch and Rachel a moment. Crystal must have finished off Chase and she and Alexis were in a sixty-nine on the floor in front of a sofa. I knew that had to happen. I was hoping for a three-way before this was over. Dean was now on the floor beside Alexis and Crystal. Josie was riding his cock cow-girl style. Mindy and Chuck had broke up and she was sitting on Dean's face grinding her pussy in a circular motion while Josie rode his cock. Jackson was fucking Morgan missionary style with her ankles on his shoulders. He had her ass lifted off the floor and pulled into his lap and he was pummeling her pussy. Yu-Gin was sucking Chase back up to full size again and then got on the floor in a doggy position and Chase happily took his position behind her. Noah had Jan pinned to a wall with her long legs wrapped around his naked lily-white ass. He was furiously pounding his cock into her and she was deliriously shaking her head from side to side as she clung to his neck. Nina had recovered from our fuck and she was, of all things, trying to make herself another drink. She was trying to watch the action in the living room and pour the ingredients of her drink at the same time and she was mostly pouring the booze on the table and floor. I went over to help her and she looked at me and said, "How come you're not naked yet. I'd bet most of the girls are here just to see all that." She waved her hands toward me. I finished with her drink and went extra light on the booze. She wouldn't notice.

I smiled down at her blurry eyes and said, "I haven't had time because I'm looking after you." She guzzled down half her drink and waved me away. I hesitated a moment before I turned away. She looked like she was going to go down. I led her to a chair and sat her down. She was more interested in her drink than the sexual activity taking place all around her. I hoped she would stay there for awhile but knew she wouldn't. Drunk or sober, Nina was a live-wire.

All was going well in the living room. I turned to head toward the master bedroom and almost ran into Noah, who must have finished with Jan, and Crystal, who was just with Alexis, hand in hand heading for Noah guest room. Crystal looked back at me and she had her hands, with fingers extended, in front of her about a foot apart as she mouthed the words, "Huge." She hustled to catch up with Noah. I watched her ass pivoting from side to side as she hustled down the hallway. I followed her until she disappeared into Noah's room and then continued to the end of the hall. I pushed open the door not knowing what to expect.

The erotic experiences from the living room had taken hold of both Rachel and Mitch. I knew Rachel was ready to burst. Mitch was wrestling with demons. Mother and daughter were embroiled in an extremely passionate sixty-nine on the bed and hadn't noticed me come in. Now was not the time for me. I went back to the living room to find Alexis. She was on her knees with her face buried between Nina's huge tits. Nina looked like she had passed out. Alexis pulled her face back and looked at Nina to see if there was any life there or not. Alexis took Nina's drink that was still in her hands, and put it on the end-table. Alexis looked up at me as I approached. She had a look of concern on her face. I took her hand to help her up. I said, "I did everything I could to get her to slow down. She's going to be really pissed off at herself for missing all this." Alexis looked around at "all-this" and smiled. She started to pull me toward a chair and I resisted and told her about the situation in the bedroom. I said, "I think you're up now. You are central in their issues." She smiled and stretched up and kissed me. 

She headed toward the bedroom and then turned back to the room and yelled, "Hunter is still fully clothed. Get him girls." I frowned at Alexis as she threw me an air-kiss and mouthed the words, "I love you." She turned toward the hallway and waggled her ass at me and disappeared. I started to follow her. I wanted to watch Rachel, Mitch and Alexis together. I was nearly tackled by four naked girls before I got five feet.

Jan, Yu-Gin, Mindy and Morgan abandoned whoever they were doing at the moment to follow Alexis' directions. Jan was unbuttoning my shirt and got about half of them before Mindy yanked the shirt over my head. Jan began sucking on my nipples which had hardened. Yu-Gin was unbuckling my pants as Morgan yanked down my zipper. My hard cock pushed out into Morgan's face before my pants dropped off my hips. Mindy was licking her tongue along my abs and obliques. 

Dean was lying on the floor on his back. His cock was spent and dangled between his thighs. Jan had been sitting on his face when Alexis' call to action went out. Josie, who had been so possessive of Dean earlier, was in a sixty-nine position with Chase. Chuck and Jackson were taking a shot at Nina as Chuck leaned over the chair arm and was furiously sucking on her huge tits. Jackson was dragging his hard cock through Nina's sex and was about to push it into her. I yelled his name and when he turned to look at me I wagged my index finger at him indicating, 'Don't even think about it.' He backed away with his cock and joined Chuck sucking on Nina's other tit.

I stepped out of my pants. I was barefoot already. I had figured I didn't want to frig with shoes and socks when the time came. I was as naked as everyone else. Morgan had my cock in her hand and looked up at Yu-Gin with a huge grin on her face. Yu-Gin was staring at my cock and obviously was wondering if Morgan was going to do anything. She took the initiative and bent down and pushed her lips to my glans. Morgan looked so disappointed but she relinquished my fatty to Yu-Gin. Morgan sat back on her heels. Mindy was having none of being excluded and she dropped to her knees on the other side from Yu-Gin. They both struggled for possession and then settled on sharing as they ran their lips up and down the outside of my cock several times and let each other push onto the tip for a few strokes of a blowjob before pulling off and letting the other take it. 

Jan looked at the situation and made an athletic move of throwing her arms around my neck and throwing one leg over Yu-Gin's and Mindy's heads and clamped her legs around my waist, hooking her feet behind my back. She was sucking my face as she gasped air in and groaned it out into my mouth. Yu-Gin pulled her mouth off my cock and looked up at Jan's ass slowly descending forcing Yu-Gin and Mindy to the side. Mindy tried to get her mouth on my cock again but Jan's ass was in the way so she relented to Jan's ingenuity and guided my cock into Jan's pussy. When Jan felt my glans on her sex, she made some fine adjustments and let herself drop. Her eyes went wide as she screamed hard. I grabbed her ass-cheeks and held her in place as she collapsed her head onto my shoulder gasping for air and moaning, "Oh my fucking gawwwddd that thing is fat." After a few moments she started using her arms and legs to pull herself up and used her hips to rock on and off my cock.

Morgan was sitting on her heels at my feet looking around for a cock of her own. She spotted two that were attached to Chuck and Jackson as they molested Nina's tits. She crawled on hands and knees to Nina's chair and reached under Chuck and started jerking off his hard cock. He was startled and pulled his lips of Nina's tit. Morgan pushed him onto his back and crawled up between his legs and started sucking his cock. Jackson, noticing Chuck's departure, looked up to see where he went. Morgan was on her knees bent forward with her lips locked on Chuck's cock. Her soaking wet pussy was pointed right at Jackson and he shuffled over on his knees and lined his hard cock up with her sex and pushed it into her. Morgan groaned around Chuck's cock and pulled back to see whose cock was in her. She smiled at Jackson and went back to work on Chuck's cock. 

Yu-Gin and Mindy were sucking face and grinding their sex together at my feet as I maneuvered Jan's ass onto the back of a recliner chair. When she felt her ass touch, she released her arms and let the chair take her weight. She regained her purchase with her feet behind my waist and started pulling me into her as hard as she could. I looked down to watch my cock slide in and out of Jan's pussy. She had the most delicious look of pure lust on her face. Then she let out a guttural groan, "Yessss. I'm cumming." Before she even finished her words, her pussy clamped on my cock and started rapidly clenching. I wanted to cum with her but I had another place to be. I fucked her until she just sagged in my arms. I moved around the chair and let her fall off my body into the comfort of the leather chair. Jan looked at me above her and released her arms. She ran one hand down my pectoral muscles and abs and down over my cock, dragging it down and off the glans as my cock bounced back up again. She watched my cock and then looked up at me. I bent lower and kissed her passionately on the lips.

I pulled back and watched Jan push her fingers into her pussy as she lay there sprawled in the chair. I went down the hall and stopped at Noah's closed door. Screams and groans indicated that Noah and Crystal were having a good time. I continued down the hall and quietly opened the master bedroom door. There in the middle of the bed was a daisy-chain of three beautiful women on their sides. Mitch's face was resting on Alexis' thigh with her lips pressed into Alexis' sex. Alexis was furiously licking and tongue-fucking Rachel as she was groaning into Mitch's sex. I sat down in the chair by the door and watched as I jerked myself off. 

Alexis had noticed when I came in and she gave me a 'thumbs-up' signal and promptly grimaced from her orgasm. She clamped her top leg down on Mitch's face and rocked her hips forward and back. Mitch stayed right at it and Alexis kept right on drilling Rachel's pussy until she began pulsing her hips and seconds later Mitch pulled her face out of Alexis' sex and rocked her hips from her own orgasm. The all rolled onto their backs with their knees up gasping for air. All of their hips randomly surged up as their orgasms drove spastic clenches.

Without moving a muscle, Alexis said, "Which one of you two ladies wants to fuck Hunter first. He's sitting in the chair with a fucking huge cock in his hand." Rachel's and Mitch's hands went up in the air at the same time. Alexis giggled and said "It seems we have a tie."

Rachel mumbled, "Age before beauty." Mitch giggled and dropped her arm like it was a wet rag. Rachel turned her head to look at the door. She motioned for me to come to her and I got up and climbed up on the bed and into the middle of the circle. Rachel's hand found my cock and started jerking on it. Mitch rolled on her side again so she could watch. Alexis sat up cross-legged to watch.

Rachel took a dozen or so strokes and worked up the energy to roll toward me and put her lips on my glans to kiss it. Then she stretched her lips over the knob and pushed down as far as she could and began giving a fantastic blow-job. She was delighted with my reaction as I groaned out, "Oh fuck. Yea," as I involuntarily humped my hips forward. Rachel gagged a little but stayed on and increased her pace. Mitch was wide-eyed watching her mother sucking a huge cock.

Alexis moved over beside Mitch and whispered, "Don't worry; you'll get your chance." Mitch nodded as her fingers went to her crotch and began fingering her pussy. Alexis smiled and decided that was a good idea as she began fingering her sex too.

After several minutes, Rachel pulled back off my cock and said, "I want to do cowgirl this time." She knew she had misspoken immediately and she glanced at Mitch to see if she had heard. 

Mitch looked at her mother and said, "This time? How many times have you fucked him?" She smiled at Mitch and held up one finger. Mitch said, "Well, get out of the way and let me catch up." She was already moving toward me. She snatched my cock from Rachel's hand and tried to push it into her mouth. She struggled and tried again. The third try was successful and she just held my cock with her lips locked around the ridge and began a two fisted hand-job from her lips to my balls. Alexis smiled at me. She could tell I was enjoying the sensation.

A couple minutes later, Mitch pulled off and said, "What was that about cowgirl?" I lay back on the bed and motioned for her to straddle my hips. She stood and planted her feet on either side of me and lowered her pussy to my cock. She reached down and guided my cock to her pussy and eased herself onto the glans. She groaned hard and then smiled at Rachel. She muttered,"Oh fuck, Mom. This is incredible." 

After settling on the tip, she didn't move. It was like she was standing on a cliff working up the gumption to jump into the water below. I nudged her a little by rocking my hips gently upward pushing my cock deeper in her pussy. She trembled and groaned and then jumped. She let herself drop down my shaft until she was sitting on my balls. She muttered, "Oh fuck." She began using her legs to pull herself up and then drop back as she started fucking my cock. Her head fell back on her neck and her hands went to her tits. I helped her by lifting and releasing her hips.

After a few minutes, she suddenly dropped her head to look down at me. She had a grin on her face as she realized that she was about to have an orgasm from intercourse. She'd had many orgasms driven by her mother's tongue or her own fingers but she seemed to be thrilled to have one driven by a cock. She started grinding her hips around in circles and when it arrived, she screamed out, "YEESSS. YESSSS. FUCKINGGG YESSSS. INCREDIBLE." Rachel grinned at me and Alexis and moved to hug and kiss Mitch. I was driving my cock up into her pussy as her motions became spastic as she held onto Rachel. When Mitch descended from her orgasm, she said, "My God Mom. Why didn't you tell me it was like this?"
