 Alexis was so pissed off with Miranda when she found out she was likely using us to pad her porno site. She was half out of the car to go back to her studio to tell her off. I had a grip on her wrist and softly said, "Don't. She's got a whole classroom of pissed-off paying customers that are demanding their money back right now. Besides, God knows what photos she has of us. She has that whole video of tonight." She reluctantly pulled her door closed and I pushed the key into the ignition. Subaru headlights come on as soon as you turn the key and ours illuminated a large portion of the mostly empty parking lot as the engine started.

Way at the other end of the parking lot we could see what looked like several people scuffling. Light reflective markers on their sneakers were the first thing I noticed. I looked at Alexis and said, "What's happening down there?" She looked harder and shrugged her shoulders. I put the car in gear and drove slowly in that direction.

As we got closer and I switched to high-beams we could see three guys struggling with a woman. They had the woman bent backward over the hood of a car with her feet on the pavement. One guy on each side of the car had her arms pinned out to her sides. She was topless and she was screaming bloody-murder. We could hear her now even through the closed windows. The third guy had pushed himself inside the kicking legs of the woman and had his hands at his crotch, obviously unbuckling or unzipping his pants. Her skirt was at her waist and her panties were lying torn on the pavement by the front wheel.

They were apparently concentrating so hard on raping this woman that they didn't notice our approach. When the headlights fully bathed them in illumination, they turned to look. I was hoping they would turn and run but they didn't. I drove right up on them and the two guys holding the woman's arms squinted at the high-beams. The guy standing between the woman's legs forcing them apart stuffed his cock back in his pants and turned to face us. None of the guys wore anything to hide their faces.

I'm not much of a fighter and had only been in one fight in my life. It was clear that these guys were the opposite. I quickly gauged their physical attributes and assessed my chances. The woman let out a scream that lifted the hairs on the back of my neck and the 'fight-or-flight' switch flipped over to 'fight'. I had always wondered which way my switch would flip in a situation like this. You never know until you're there. I knew I would regret it the rest of my life if I drove away now. I opened my door and put my left foot out on the pavement. Alexis grabbed my arm as I was about to lift myself out of the car. She was scared as she looked at me. I admit that I was scared too. She didn't say a word and took her hand off my arm. She quickly looked in the backseat for anything that could be used as a weapon. I stood up by the open door and leaned back in and said, "You lock these doors and don't get out. No matter what happens. Be ready to get out of here if you have to." Strangely, as an afterthought, as I was slamming the door, I yelled, "Call 9-1-1." I heard the doors lock.

I was hoping that my physical stature would be enough to give them pause. I figured that I was a good eight inches taller than them and probably fifty pound heavier. The woman screamed again and I flexed my fists tight and stepped toward them. The guy doing the raping stepped around to face me. He scanned me from head to toe and checked to see if I had a weapon in either hand. He was dressed in huge baggy pants that hung down over boxer shorts. He had expensive high-top sneakers on and a nylon jacket with zippers and pockets everywhere. He wore a baseball cap turned to the side and canted down at the brim. The others were dressed similarly. I looked to see if there were any gang patches visible but I didn't see any.

The rapist was pretty sure of himself as he strutted up and stood staring at me less than my arm's length away. I was more than his shorter arm's length away from him. I was expecting him to get in close to take away my height advantage but he didn't. He scanned me up and down again and then laughed. "Hey kid. How about you get back in your car with your pretty girlfriend and leave the lady here with us. We'll take good care of her. Otherwise, when we finish with her," he flicked his thumb back over his shoulder toward the woman held down by his buddies, "we'll have a go with her," he pointed into the Subaru."

Without taking my eyes off him, I yelled back to Alexis, "Get behind the wheel right now." I could hear Alexis scrambling across the center console. I prayed that he wasn't going to pop out a switch-blade or something. He didn't. One of his buddies laughed behind him and he turned to look back at him. I lunged forward with a big full-power round-house and hit the rapist on the side of his face just as he was turning back to me. Okay. It was a sucker-punch. Blood and spit and snot flew from his nose and mouth and he went down hard and I stepped over him and hit him again and again. My hand was on fire. I prayed again that he wouldn't get up. If he moved I was going to hit him again.

One of the buddies released the woman's wrist that he was holding and headed toward me as I was stepping away from his buddy. He was cautious. He wasn't as cocky as the rapist and he circled in a wide arc. He moved in quickly and I wasn't ready for him. He hit me hard in the face and I staggered backward against the hood of the Subaru. Alexis screamed but I was too busy to see why. The guy was on me and I saw the glint off a blade thrusting toward my chest. I grabbed his arm and we toppled onto the hood of the Subaru. He had both hands on the hilt of the knife trying to use his full weight to stab me with it. I was strong enough to hold his efforts back with the one hand gripping his arm. I punched him hard in the side of the face and he rolled off me to the pavement. He jumped right back up, still holding the knife. He had a smile on his face and then suddenly the smile was gone and a blank look replaced it. He went down on his knees like a sack of potatoes falling off a truck and flopped forward toward me doing a face plant on the pavement. The knife skittered under the Subaru. I had quickly rolled off the hood ready for battle when the guy went down revealing Alexis standing behind the guy with the face guard of my spare football helmet in both hands. She had laid this guy out with it and he wasn't getting up.

We both turned toward the third guy and took a few steps toward him before he released the woman's wrist, held both hands up in the air and backed down the far side of the car and disappeared at a flat out sprint. Just like in the movies, the action was over and the sirens could be heard in the distance getting closer. Alexis ran to the woman who had slumped off the hood of the car to the pavement. She was sobbing uncontrollably and Alexis cradled her to her body and held her tight. The woman buried her face in Alexis' neck and shoulder and cried like I have never heard anyone cry before.

Three cruisers screamed into the parking lot and surrounded us. They had their guns out and they told me to get down on the pavement with my hands behind my head and my legs crossed. I did as directed. I'd seen enough cop movies and TV shows to know this was standard operating procedure. Two cops each grabbed up the rapist as he was coming around and his unconscious buddy and dragged them off to separate cruisers. Two more cops rushed over to Alexis and the woman. Their flashlights revealed that the woman, who I estimated to be in her mid-twenties, had been beaten pretty badly. One eye was swollen shut. Her face was bruised and her lip was bleeding down over her chin to her naked chest. Another cop came in with a blanket to cover her topless body. She was still pretty hysterical as the cops tried to separate Alexis from her. The woman clung to Alexis like she was life itself. They let her be until Alexis could get her calmed down.

Once everyone's information was collected and we had been interviewed, the cops released Alexis and me. An ambulance finally showed up to take the woman to the hospital. The EMTs gave me an ice bag for my hand and gave me a quick once over. I had a bruise on the left side of my face but I hardly felt it. Alexis was still crying almost as hard as the woman. I knew she was releasing adrenaline the only way she knew how. I held her in my arms for a few minutes before getting back in the car. I kissed my spare football helmet and tossed it into the backseat. We left before either the ambulance or the cruisers.

Alexis started shaking on the way home. I took her hand in mine. I said, "I know I told you to stay in the car, no matter what, but I don't know what would have happened if you hadn't decked that guy with the helmet. Thank you Babe. You may have saved my life."

Alexis smiled as she wiped tears from her eyes. She said, "I was terrified to get out of the car. The helmet was the only thing I could find to use. I sort of remember screaming when I saw the knife come out of his pocket. I don't even remember making the decision to get out. The only thing I remember is looking down at that guy on the pavement and getting ready to hit him again. I was in a rage."

At home I helped Alexis up the stairs and straight through the kitchen to the bedroom. I set her down on the edge of the bed and said, "How about a glass of wine or a beer or something to drink?" She mumbled something about "wine" so I got her a glass. She downed it quickly and I put the glass on the nightstand.

I undressed her and helped her under the covers. I slid in behind her and spooned up close and held her until she fell asleep. I rewound the whole thing in my mind comparing it to what I had told the police. My hand was swollen and hurt like crazy. I planned on going to the University Medical Center tomorrow morning for x-rays. My football coach would not be pleased. I worried about the woman. My guess is that we got there before she could be raped but she was beat to a pulp before then. Alexis and I would go to the hospital to see if we could find out how she was doing.

After what seemed like hours, I drifted off to sleep and unfortunately relived the whole incident over and over again in a nightmare. I woke several times but went right back to the nightmare. I got out of bed once hoping that I wouldn't go back to the dream but it didn't work.

In the morning, breakfast was subdued. Alexis was feeling down. We ate our cereal in silence. I was worried about her. She is always so upbeat and positive. I made small talk about what her day looked like. She just mumbled something like, "the same". Her long blonde curls hung over her face as she stared down into her bowl. She was just poking her spoon around in it randomly pushing cheerios under the surface of the milk. I let her be and ate my cereal.

Alexis lifted her head and looked at me as she shook her head to flick the hair out of her face. She had the most intense look in her eyes and said, "What if things had gone bad last night? What if you had been killed? Would I have been able to get out of there and leave you behind? Would they have gotten me too if I didn't?" She was getting hysterical before she finished her last question. I put my hand on hers and she grabbed it and hung on desperately. Tears burst from the beautiful eyes. They looked darker and colder than usual. Tears streamed down her cheeks and along the side of her nose, over her lips to her chin and down into her cereal bowl. She ignored them and let them go. I put my free hand to her face and ran my fingertips along her cheek. She smiled when I pushed my tear-soaked fingers into my mouth. She snuffed once and used her bare arm to wipe her face.

There was no way to answer any of her questions. Maybe in a parallel universe the results went horribly wrong, but we didn't live there. I bent low to get her attention up out of her bowl and said, "Everything is fine Babe. Everything came out fine. We got some bad dudes off the street. We saved a woman from being raped and maybe killed. You broke my old helmet so now I can get a new one." She smiled at me and lifted my hand and kissed the palm.

Alexis got out of her chair and pushed herself into my lap and curled up with her face in the crook of my neck. She said, "I'm glad about the outcome but I would be so incredibly lost if you had been killed. I love you."

I kissed her and said, "I love you too and I would have rather died than have anything like that happen to you." She lifted her head out of my neck and we kissed for a long time. It wasn't a passionate kiss. It was a kiss to make a connection and we held it tight.

Before we were dressed for the day, Alexis' mood was better. I had a free period to go to the Medical Center and she was going to skip a class to go with me. We planned to go right from there to the Hospital to see how the woman was. We knew that we wouldn't be able to see her since we weren't family. We just wanted to know how she was doing.

We were both going to be leaving for the away game later this afternoon. Alexis started to get psyched back up for that. She had been so excited about it before but she was only so-so now. I hoped she would pull herself out of her funk by game time. Her friends were going to be counting on her. All the "Dogs" fans would be counting on her.

My hand wasn't broken but there were a few strained tendons and they put a small, soft cast on it. I asked the doctor if I could play football with the cast. He smiled and nodded and then said,"If you guys win tomorrow night we win the Championship. Go Dogs." He turned to Alexis, who was not leaving my side, and said, "I understand the University has arranged for your group to go to the game tomorrow." Alexis grinned and nodded her head. "Get our fans over there fired up like last week and we can't lose." She grinned again. The doctor told me he would call the football coach and explain about the injury.

We drove to the hospital and asked at the main desk about a young woman admitted by ambulance last night. They directed us to the fourth floor and we went to the nurses' station and asked about their patient. As expected, she wouldn't tell us anything; not even her name. An older woman came out of room 406 and walked over to the nurse's station. She was dressed to the nines in a beautiful peach colored suit. The hem was above the knee. Jewelry glittered on her fingers, wrists, neck and ears. Alexis asked the woman, "How is she?" The woman looked suspiciously at Alexis and then at me.

The woman was more than a little guarded and said, "Who are you and why are you asking?" In her high heels she stood about 5'10" tall. Her blonde hair was perfectly quaffed. She had a terrific body for a woman around fifty. She was not a small person. Nor was she timid but she backed away from us a step or two. She seemed intimidated by my size. She scanned me from head to toe and locked on to the cast on my right hand. She said, "What happened to your hand?"

I lifted the cast and looked it over and said, "I busted it up pretty good decking the guy that was about to rape the woman in there." I glanced at the room that the woman had just come out of. She took more than a moment to look at me and then at Alexis and then a huge grin washed the stern look off her face. She threw herself into my arms and hugged me and stretch up on her tip-toes to kiss me and then she hugged me again. She grabbed Alexis and did the same thing.

She said, "My name is Rachel. I'm Mitch's mom." She laughed a brief second and continued, "I should say Michelle's mother." She glanced quickly at the room she had just left. "The doctors say she's going to be okay. She may need a little rehab. She doesn't look very good today; even worse than last night. Thank God she wasn't raped but they beat her near to death. You two probably saved her life and mine too for that matter. She is all I have in this world." She started to tear up and that got Alexis going too. Alexis moved to Rachel and hugged her. Rachel was content to allow Alexis to hold her for a while. She pulled back from Alexis and started pawing around in her expensive handbag. She pulled out a pen and a notepad and said, "What are your names? How can I contact you?"

Alexis gave her both of our names and our address and Alexis' cell phone number and asked Rachel to call us to let us know how 'Mitch' was doing. Rachel was all smiles as she pushed her ample bust line against my chest and kissed me again. She pulled back and looked up at me with a very curious look. I looked over at Alexis for some help figuring out what the look was about. She grinned at me and winked. Rachel moved over to Alexis and whispered something in her ear before she hugged and kissed Alexis again. Alexis smiled and nodded at Rachel. I mouthed out, "WTF?" to Alexis as Rachel's back was to me hugging her. She just smiled at me.

Rachel spoke to the Nurse quietly at the station and then waved at us as she quickly disappear back into 'Mitch's' room. The door shut automatically but slowly enough so we could get a glimpse of 'Mitch' propped up on pillows with bandages and tubes everywhere. She smiled at her mother and then looked at us in the hall. It was only a second or two before the door closed. 'Mitch' gave no indication that she recognized either of us. Alexis was a little disappointed as we left the hospital.

We grabbed a quick lunch at our favorite fast-food place and went back to our only remaining class. We had to be at the Field House by 3:00 PM for our flight leaving at 5:00. After class I went to talk to coach and Alexis went to pick up the other members of the "Smoking Hot Five". They were all delirious about the trip and their excitement got Alexis right up there with them. The horrors of last night were set aside, at least for the moment.

****

Alexis and I sat together in the last row on the plane beside the toilets. Football players and Cheerleaders were sitting everywhere in the sparsely populated plane. As always, players and Cheerleaders were flirting with each other. Dean and Josie were sitting a few rows in front of us on the opposite side. They were doing the goo-goo eyes thing. Alexis giggled as she watched them. Dean seemed to just drift along on a cloud ever since Josie asked him out. I would have to snap him out of it. We needed him mean and his usual animal self for the game tomorrow.

I leaned against the bulkhead and closed my eyes. I smiled without opening them when I felt Alexis slide into the middle seat and her hand unzip my pants and reach inside and grab my flaccid cock. It wasn't flaccid for long as it instantly jumped up to full size. It wouldn't be contained inside my pants and it pushed itself and Alexis' hand out into the cool air. Alexis pulled the blanket that had been on her lap over to mine. No one had any idea what Alexis was doing. She sat with her head against the head-rest with her eyes closed. She moved only her hand at the wrist to stroke my cock, so not even her arm was moving.

Since we both had our eyes shut we didn't notice that Coach Hannah, the Cheerleader's coach had come down the aisle and sat down in the vacant seat across the aisle and one row forward. She reached back and touched Alexis' leg. Alexis jumped and her eyes flashed open. Hannah said, "Sorry, were you sleeping?" Alexis quickly shook her head and stopped stroking me cock under the blanket. I opened my eyes to see what was going on.

Hannah and Alexis talked about their respective roles for the game. Alexis wasn't looking for any direction from Hannah and Hannah wasn't offering any. It was just coordination of their combined efforts to get their fans amped for the game. It was enemy territory and crowd noise nearly always played a role in the outcome. I listened to their conversation wishing that Alexis could get back to jerking me off. I flexed my cock a few times and Alexis just squeezed it hard in response.
