 The sun was getting hot as it rose higher in the sky. Alexis and I lathered sunscreen on each other. Most of the people around us were sprawled on towels and a fewer number had lounge chairs. Off to our left was a hammock stretched between two palm trees. A couple was trying, and mostly failing, to fuck each other in it. They'd get themselves in a position and then come tumbling out on the soft white sand. They were laughing hard as they picked themselves up and tried again. Everyone around us were watching them and chuckling every time they were ejected to the soft sand. After many attempts, they found a position with the guy on his back with one foot on the ground to stabilize the hammock and she rode him cow-girl style.

When the hammock riders were done she collapsed onto the guy's chest and the show was over. We lay back on our towels and luxuriated in the warmth of the sun and gentle on-shore breeze. A single mynah bird screeched at the edge of the jungle. The sounds of the gently rolling surf, rhythmically lapping at the shoreline was so relaxing. The hissing sound of the water retreating through the sand wasn't obvious at first but it became hypnotic as we laid there on the edge of consciousness.

I felt Alexis' hand on mine and then she rolled onto her side and said, "I love you Baby. Thank you for this surprise. I love it. I don't want to ever go home." I turned my head to look at her and she pushed herself up on an elbow so she could kiss me. I kissed her back. When we broke our embrace, she pulled back and just looked down at me. I rolled onto my side toward her and pulled her back into a passionate kiss prompting someone off to our right to yell out 'Get a Room'. Others giggled as our embrace was getting hotter and hotter. I rolled onto my back pulling Alexis with me. Her micro bikini top was pulled to the sides of her tits and I could feel her erect nipples against my chest as we continued our kiss.

The sexual energy at the pool yesterday had been palpable. The sexual energy here today was also present but seemed to be thinly veiled. Perhaps it was the bathing suits that made the difference. I don't know if it was our passionate embrace that pierced that veil or not but as we continued our embrace we became aware of other noises around us.

Behind us, not ten feet from our heads, I could hear a 'mmmuummph.. mmmummph.. mmummph' sound followed by a quicker paced, 'aawwk.. aawwkk.. awwk' sound. The distinct sounds of blow-job were in the air. We broke our embrace to see where it was coming from. Alexis and I rolled onto our stomach so we could see. We were looking directly into the thong clad pussy of a woman on her knees between the splayed legs of a guy. Her thong was pulled aside and fingers of her right hand were working in and out of her glistening pussy as she balanced herself on her left hand in the sand beside the guy's right hip.

From our vantage point, we could see right up between her thighs and her hanging tits as she bobbed up and down on the guy's cock. She stopped a couple times to suck his balls in and then lick her way back up to the knob and descend again. We couldn't see the guy at all other than his legs and his balls below her chin and his cock when the woman pulled her lips back up to the glans.

Then we noticed other sounds as moans and groans and skin slapping noises erupted. My cock was granite hard and my speed-o had no chance of containing it as it pushed its way out through the left leg-hole. I rolled slightly to my right to allow my cock to find a more comfortable position. Alexis noticed my movement and looked down to see my rigid cock pointing at her. She grinned at me and said, "Follow my lead," as she pushed up on her hands and knees and moved toward the woman in front of us. She rolled onto her back and pushed herself on her back through the sand until her face was under the woman's pussy. The woman felt Alexis' head touch her thighs and she pulled off the guy's cock to look down between her tits. She spread her thighs a little wider and went back down on the cock slapping her on the forehead. I got up on my hands and knees and waited to see what Alexis was going to do. The woman dropped her sex into Alexis's face and groaned hard around the guy's cock when Alexis' drove her tongue deep into her pussy. Alexis spread her legs and pulled her micro-kini patch to the side and spread her labia with her fingers signaling me to come with her index fingers. I grabbed a clean towel and pushed it under Alexis' ass and moved my bobbing cock to her sex.

I dragged my rigid cock from her clitoris down to her vagina and gently pressed myself into her. She lifted her hips to welcome me home. I looked around to see couples fucking and sucking in every conceivable position. My cock grew even harder and Alexis groaned into the woman's pussy as I pushed deeper. I curled my fingers under her knees and lifted Alexis' legs up high. Alexis immediately understood what I was doing and she straightened her legs up to my face and pulled her legs together and pulled her knees toward her chest. This pulled her pussy up higher and I had to adjust my angle of attack. I didn't want any chance of dealing with sand as I started fucking her in a normal, steady pace.

Alexis released her labia and grabbed the woman's hips above her face and pulled her face up tight to her sex. The woman surged up off the guy's cock and screamed from Alexis' attack. She grabbed her own tits and screamed again which pulled everyone's attention from their own pleasures. The other couples watched our foursome for a moment before going back to whatever they were doing.

The women pushed her mouth down the guy's cock again and now the guy could see me looming above him. He came up on his elbows to see what was going on. He couldn't see Alexis but he could see my motion and he grinned at me when he understood what was going on.

The woman's hips suddenly fired forward and then back. Her head came back off the guy's cock as she lifted her head to the heavens and groaned first and then let out a blood curdling scream as her hips rocked quickly on Alexis' face. She was clearly having an orgasm and Alexis hung on to the woman's hips to ride it out.

The guy reached out and pulled the woman's head back down to his crotch and she got the message as she started coming down from her climax. She inhaled his cock again and he started rocking his hips up and down faster and faster. I could tell from the look on his face that he was close to his orgasm. Alexis beat him to it though as she pushed the woman's hips up so she could breathe and scream as her orgasm crushed her. Her pussy clamped onto my cock and then clenched hard at a rapid pace that milked my cum from me.

The woman tried to pull back to give Alexis some room but the guy held her head on his cock and began humping up his hips before launching his load of cum into the woman's mouth. She didn't try to pull back. She grabbed his cock and started jerking him off as fast as her hands would go. His head fell backward as he let out a loud "UUUNNGGGHH" as his hips fired up hard into her mouth.

Alexis' pussy continued milking my cock and I went rigid as cum boiled in my balls before launching up my cock into Alexis. She screamed again when she felt my cock surge in hardness and again as each bolt of cum blew into her. When I was done, I could still feel her pussy clenching on my cock. She was breathing very hard between the woman's thighs.

With a mouth full of cum, the woman pushed herself off Alexis' face and rolled over to sit in the sand beside the guy she was blowing. Cum was drooling out of the guy's cock and she leaned down to collect it with her tongue and lips. Alexis' face was glistening from the woman's vaginal juices. She looked up at me as I held her ankles in front of me. She grinned and said, "Whew. Baby. That was intense." I smiled at her as I slowly withdrew my still hard fatty from her pussy. The woman watched every inch as I withdrew. When my knob pulled back from Alexis' labia, the woman turned to the guy and said, "My God. Look at the size of that fatty."

Alexis was still recovering from her orgasm and she didn't move for several minutes. Her breathing slowly came back to normal. I stayed right there on my knees and looked around. The couples were all sitting there looking at us. Many of the women were slowly stroking their guy's cocks apparently in hopes that they could go another round.

Finally Alexis reached up with her hands for me to help her up. I had released her legs and she came up to sit Indian style in the sand. She looked around and then back at me. She said, "Wow. It looks like we started something." The woman crawled around Alexis on her hands and knees and pushed her face to Alexis and they kissed. The woman whispered something but I couldn't hear. Alexis smiled at her and looked at me. Alexis nodded and the woman smiled and crawled back to cuddle up with the guy she had been blowing.

I stood up with my cock still pointing straight ahead. Alexis offered her hand and I pulled her straight up off the ground into my arms. She squealed as she flew through the air. She grabbed for my shoulders. Her sand covered ass was sitting on my cock as it throbbed up and down. She kissed me and said, "Let's wash this sand off in the ocean." I carried her to the surf and waded into the warm water to my waist. I put her down and she dunked herself to her neck. I did the same and we washed the sand from our bodies. By the time we came out of the water, my cock was flaccid and dangling down over my balls. I pulled it back into my suit and maneuvered it around to find a position where it wouldn't hang out. Alexis pulled the triangles of material over her nipples and pussy and we went back to our towels and lay out in the sun again.

The water on our bodies evaporated quickly in the hot sun and then we were sweating again. Alexis pulled a floppy brimmed hat out of her bag and put it over her face. We laid there for quite awhile before my stomach told me it was lunch time. I sat up and noticed that most of the people sitting around us had gone. A woman lying on a chaise lounge to my right had removed her top. She was a power tanner as her skin was bronzed to a light chocolate brown. There were no tan lines. Her breasts were huge. The way they defied gravity told me they were enhanced. She had a wide brimmed hat over her face.

I leaned over to Alexis and lifted her hat. She looked up at me as she shielded her eyes. She said, "Lunch time?" I nodded and she sat up. She adjusted her breasts in her bikini top and stood up. We gathered our towels and headed back down the beach. When we got to the sign on the beach that read, 'Clothing Optional', we kept on going. We had seen on a map of the facilities a burger and hotdog stand on the beach beyond the swim-up pool bar. We kept on going. We passed a lot of naked people walking toward us. They all stared at us. I couldn't figure out if it was because we were wearing bathing suits or not. We ignored them.

We ordered a burger and a hotdog for each of us and a beer. We sat at a picnic table and ate. Alexis couldn't finish her hotdog and she gave the rest to me. After lunch we continued further down the beach and came upon a large tent with the sides pulled up. The tent contained two massage tables and trays of various oils. Two black locals were sitting on one table waiting for customers. I reflected back to the massages we got in Las Vegas and the happy endings. I doubted that massages here would include a happy ending but I could really get into a massage right about then. Alexis looked up at me and smiled. I could tell she was reminiscing too.

We walked into the tent and set down the bag. The two masseuses jumped down off the table with grins on their faces. They were both dressed in very skimpy uniforms that revealed a lot of leg and even more cleavage. One of them told us to remove our bathing suits and get up on the tables on our stomach. The sides of the tent were dropped to provide privacy. We did as instructed and I watched the looks between them as they ogled my cock which was growing against my will. I had to chuckle when they did a rock-paper-scissors game of roshambo. One of them grinned and the other frowned as the grinner came to my table. The frowner went to Alexis' table as we climbed up and lay down. We put our faces in the cradles at the end of the tables. There was no need for towels over our butts as this was a nude resort.

Alexis groaned as her masseuse started on her neck and shoulders. Mine started with my feet. Her fingers were like steel rods working my muscles. She asked me if I liked it hard. I mumbled, "Yes," into the cradle. Alexis had to tone her masseuse down a little.

My masseuse worked up my calves with her forearm. It felt amazing. She massaged my inner thighs and my cock surged to full hardness. I lifted my hips to let it find a more comfortable position. She massaged my butt cheeks and she really kneaded my gluteus muscles. I groaned from the pain and she pulled back on the pressure. She continued up my back. She really worked the well defined ripped muscles and then moved up to my neck and shoulders.

Alexis' masseuse worked down from the shoulders to her back and got Alexis giggling as her girl worked her sides. She's pretty ticklish so I was expecting that reaction. Alexis moaned when her glutes were massaged. Alexis particularly liked the massage of her thighs and calves using the same technique with the forearm.

I hesitated when my masseuse instructed me to turn over. I was trying to get my cock to soften so it wouldn't be pointing at the sky when I turned over. She slapped me lightly on the ass and told me to turn over again and I did as instructed. I rolled onto my back and my cock, which was as hard as ever, bobbed up and down several inches above my stomach. She muttered, "Holy shit." The other masseuse was instructing Alexis to turn over and she muttered a simple, "Fuck," as my masseuse pointed at my cock. Alexis looked over as she turned over and started giggling.

I said, "Sorry. It won't go down."

Alexis said, "Maybe she can make it go down." My masseuse looked at Alexis and displayed her brilliantly white teeth in a grin. She started working on my face and neck and then shoulders. She never stopped staring at my cock. Alexis' masseuse worked her way up from Alexis' feet to her legs. She didn't take her eyes off my cock either. I was kind of embarrassed but there was nothing I could do.

My masseuse came around the side of the table and worked my pectorals and abs. She was biting her lip the whole time. She bypassed my cock and went to the other end of the table and worked her way up my thighs and my cock grew harder. Without warning she wrapped her hands around my cock as far as they would go. I lifted my head in reaction to her touch. She looked at my face and started jerking me off. I dropped my head back to the table and groaned. Her grip was amazingly strong. I turned my head to look at Alexis, who was grinning at me.

Suddenly, Alexis jumped. I looked at her masseuse. She was grinning at me as she ran her fingers up the inside of Alexis' inner thighs and through her pelvis dragging her fingers through her labia and over her clitoris. Alexis groaned hard when her clitoris was touched. She settled back down on the table and thoroughly enjoyed her masseuse's masturbating fingers.

Neither masseuse made a move to perform oral sex. It wasn't long before Alexis groaned into an orgasm and her masseuse's finger didn't even slow down as she used two or three fingers to fuck her pussy. Her orgasm was building higher and then Alexis went wide eyed and I knew what that meant. Alexis drove her hips up off the table and screamed as a long, strong stream of squirt launched from her pussy. The masseuse had obviously been attacking Alexis' 'G-Spot' because she nonchalantly stepped out of the way.

Watching Alexis launching her squirt pushed me over and my muscles seized as my balls pulled in tight and I blew a long stream of cum straight up in the air. My masseuse watched it fly up to her eye level and drop back on my thighs. She kept jerking me off and a half-dozen ropes of cum erupted. She pushed her face forward trying to catch cum on her tongue but got it across her cheek, eye and forehead instead. She pulled back and continued jacking on my cock until cum drooled out the eye and down over my cock to my balls. She eased off on the pressure but she didn't release my cock for another minute when she massaged my balls.

The masseuses let us lie there for a couple minutes while we recovered. Then they helped us to sit up and we stepped down off the tables. As soon as we were on our feet, the sheets were stripped off the tables and new ones were spread into place. We signed their bills and added a hefty tip to each. They grinned at us and told us to come back again.

I pulled my speed-o on but there was no way my mostly hard cock was going to be contained in it. I mumbled out, "Oh fuck it," as I stripped the bathing suit off and threw it in the bag. The masseuses both giggled as we pushed through the tent flaps and walked away. My cock was swinging from side to side and Alexis giggled too. We headed for the swim-up bar. I knew my cock was going to be rock hard as soon as we got there anyway.

As we walked onto the pool deck we were looking for chairs and we saw Don and Martha waving furiously at us. We waved back and walked over to them. They had held two chairs for us all day. Alexis dropped her bag on one of them as we greeted them. Martha was staring at my hard cock as she dropped her hand to her pelvis and started fingering her pussy. As usual, Don couldn't take his eyes off Alexis as his cock hardened. I asked Alexis what she wanted to drink and she responded that she needed to get wet in the pool to cool off. We headed for the pool and the swim up bar. Don and Martha followed us.

We dunked ourselves under water to cool off. The sun was blistering hot. The swim up bar was in shadow so we found a couple seats at the end of the bar. Alexis took one and I motioned for Martha to take the other. Don and I stood behind them. I guess I was becoming jaded from all the naked bodies because my cock started to soften. Alexis was talking with Martha as we waited for our drinks. Don and I moved back out in the sun and chatted about football and sports in general.

When I saw the bartender with our drinks I turned toward the bar. Alexis' hands were cradling Martha's tits. I walked over to see what was up. Alexis said, "Martha's breasts are enhanced with saline bags. I thought they were natural. They look and feel natural. Pretty good huh?" I reached over and cradled one of Martha's tits. It did feel natural. Martha shuddered when I put my hand on her breast. Her eyes closed and her lips parted. Her breathing went ragged. She grabbed my wrist and moved my hand to her other breast and she shuddered again. Then she guided my hand to her pelvis. Alexis and I had discussed the situation with Don and Martha and we concluded that swapping with them was inevitable. I looked at Alexis and she just nodded at me. I touched Martha's clitoris and I thought she would fire straight up out of the pool like a rocket. I let her settle down.

Don moved around behind me and stepped up next to Alexis. He was reticent to make any overt action toward Alexis so she reached down into the water and wrapped her fingers around his stiff cock. He groaned hard as he rocked his hips forward. Alexis immediately began jerking him off. His head rolled back and his mouth hung open. His breathing became ragged just like Martha's.

Martha pushed herself off her stool and guided me back to shallower water until my cock was above the surface of the water. When Alexis started jerking Don off, my cock went hard again and Martha was infatuated with it. Her face was flushed red as blood coursed through her. She was deliriously horny and didn't know what she wanted to do with my cock first. She grabbed it with both hands and started jerking me off. She dipped herself lower in the water and pushed her lips to my glans. She kissed it and then rubbed it all over her face from forehead to chin. Through gasps for air she exclaimed, "Oh my God. I've dreamed of this since we met you in the cab. I never thought it would happen. I have kids older than you guys." I just smiled down at her as she positioned her lips to push my cock inside. She tried to go straight down but she couldn't open her mouth wide enough. She spit on the crown and used her hands to distribute it down the shaft. She tried again, unsuccessfully.
