 We dressed casually for dinner at one of the resort's Italian restaurants. There were candles on every table and I wanted to order a flashlight so I could read the menu. It was romantic and I held Alexis' hand across the table as we talked about how we didn't want to ever go home again. Every day there was a new influx of vacationers. They arrived all during the day and some were arriving just now.

Alexis nodded her head in a direction and I looked to see. Two gorgeous women were being seated opposite us. They were in their late twenties. They were dressed elegantly which is not the norm for traveling these days. They were both taller than average and slimmer than average. In their stilettos, they both stood well over six foot.

One was a brunette with long, wavy brown hair down over her breasts which were just right for her body; especially when considering her narrow shoulders and slim hips with a trim waist. Her legs seemed to go on forever. She was wearing an off the shoulder mid-thigh summer dress. She caught me staring and smiled as she sat down. 

The other was a blonde with short straight hair. It was cut to a point just below her chin and then angled up to her neck line behind her head. Straight bangs above her eyebrows completed the look. They were both very attractive but the blonde was striking. Her breasts were very large for her trim figure. She was dressed in a 'cold-shoulder' dress that dropped below her knees. She looked over at Alexis and me when the first nodded toward us. She smiled and then their attention went to their waiter as he took their drink order. We didn't want to look like we were gawking so we checked out some of the other new arrivals.

We received our meal and it was very good. Alexis loved lasagna and she proclaimed that this was the best she'd ever had. I had Chicken Parmesan and it was perfect. As we ate and talked I noticed that the two new arrivals kept looking over at us. I ignored their glances. We would have time to meet them tomorrow.

We finished dinner a little early for the show so we opted to stroll around the compound. It was a gorgeous night. Lighting around the resort was at ground level so the stars were visible. Alexis and I walked hand in hand along the concrete path. The surf was up as evidenced by the sound of crashing waves. We headed for the beach. 

Along the way we passed a Jacuzzi that was occupied by two couples. The guys were sitting on the underwater bench with the women fucking the guy's cocks as they faced each other kissing. The jets in the Jacuzzi were off and other than the loud moaning from the women as they rode their mounts, it was quiet enough to clearly hear Alexis' stiletto heels clicking on the concrete. The guys looked up as we passed and one invited us to join them. The women were oblivious to our presence as they were both approaching their orgasms. We declined the invitation and continued on our mission.

It was a moonless night but the stars were so bright that they illuminated a dark square right on the edge of the soft sand. The tide was in and the water approached this undefined spot with each surge of the tide. Curiosity pulled us closer and then we realized it was another couple on a blanket. They were fucking in the missionary position. As we got closer and could hear the moaning and groaning over the crashing surf, we realized it was Don and Martha. 

We walked on by and never said a word. They gave no indication that they knew we were there. After we were a ways down the beach, Alexis giggled and said, "I hope we have as active a sex life as them when we're their age." I gripped Alexis' hand in a 1-4-3 code and we headed back up the beach toward the dark massage tent and then to the main pool. It was totally quiet. We found a couple chairs beside the pool and sat down to look up at the sky. The star constellations looked different at this latitude and I was having a hard time identifying them. Alexis pointed out a satellite quickly passing over.

I heard a gentle splash in the pool and looked to see what it was. On the other side of the pool a dark form sat on the edge with feet dangling in the water. I heard an unmistakable "MMUUMMPPHH MMUUMMPPH MMUMMPH" followed by a staccato, "AAWWKKK AAWWKK AWWKKK". A male sounding moan erupted from the dark form. Then came a loud groan, "Oh my God Babe. Here I come. Oh Jesus. Fuck."

Alexis giggled and said, "Now that sounds familiar."

An unseen form standing in the water started gagging on the guys cum. It was a feminine gag. I couldn't tell if she pulled off the guys cock and let him cum in the pool or her face. There was a whole lot of slurping and finally a feminine voice said, "Jesus Honey. That was a load." There was a short silence before the feminine voice said, "OK. It's my turn." I saw the form in the water pull herself up on the edge of the pool and the guy pushed himself into the water and buried his face between the woman's thighs. She immediately screeched as he had obviously gone right to her clitoris.

Alexis giggled as she stood up and said, "We had better get going so we can get some good seats for the show." I stood and took her hand and we exited the pool deck to the giggles of the couple across the pool who were now aware that we had been sitting there listening to them.

The show was entertaining. Given the nature of the resort, much of the show was related to adult sex games. One of them was a man and a woman selected at random from the crowd and placed behind a large white backlit sheet. The crowd could see only their silhouettes. Their task was to remove their clothes and then redress in the other's clothes. It was no big deal for the woman to dress in the guy's clothes but it was a riot to watch the guy's silhouette trying to put a bra and panties that were way too small for him. The crowd was roaring in laughter especially when all the clothes were removed and the guy's cock popped up in an erection. The crowd went wild when the woman's silhouette reached out and started jerking the guy's silhouette off. Then the woman's silhouette knelt behind the white sheet and pushed her lips onto the cock to the cheers of the crowd. We could all watch as the guy's head tilted back as the woman clutched her tits as her head bobbed on and off the guy's cock.

There was much too much noise from the crowd to hear the guy's silhouette groan as he prepared to launch his load. When he started cumming, the woman pulled her lips off and the crowd watched in delirium as the stream of cum, which was clearly visible in silhouette launch first into the woman's face and then over her head. The woman stuffed his cock back into her mouth and pushed her lips all the way down to his balls. The guy launched his hips forward to bury his cock in her mouth for a few moments before pulling it back out of her mouth. 

No one in the crowd gave a damn if this couple completed their mission of dressing in the other's clothes but they did. The crowd went wild again when the guy struggled his way into her bra. He got her panties to up to his knees but that was it. When the screen was removed from the stage, the man and the woman bowed as the woman grabbed onto his softening cock and led him off stage. They didn't come back out for nearly an hour.

The next sex game was three teams of one man and one woman each. The teams were given directions to go out into the audience and collect whatever was instructed and bring it back on stage. The first item was for the teams to bring the largest bra up to the stage. The teams ran into the crowd and laughter erupted as the teams moved in different directions scanning the crowd for the largest set of tits they could find. The next issue was how to get the big titted woman to take her bra off and give it to the team. It took a while but all three teams brought back huge bras. The crowd gave voice votes on which were the largest. That team got a point.

The next item to collect was the biggest pair of 'tighty-whiteys'. The teams descended back into the crowd looking for the fattest guy they could find. The woman on each team had no difficulty getting the fat guys to give up their underwear. A different team got the point. The game turned toward collecting other people in the crowd and the direction was given to bring the most beautiful woman on stage. 

There were many beautiful women in the crowd but, in my opinion, none came close to Alexis. At the signal to go, all three teams ran off the stage toward Alexis. Apparently, they felt the same as me. The team with no points so far grabbed Alexis' hand. She was embarrassed and went beet red. She resisted but the crowd was chanting for her to go. She relented. The other two teams spread out in the crowd and one came back with Julia who hugged and kissed Alexis when they were on stage. The crowd went nuts. The third team returned to the stage with a very attractive woman that we hadn't seen before. She obviously was of interest to Alexis and Julia as they kissed this new woman passionately on stage to the roar of the crowd.

The crowd selected Alexis as the most beautiful of the three but the MC had to ask for a show of hands for each. The MC asked Alexis and the others to stay on stage while the teams collected the next item which was the hunkiest guy. The teams fanned out over the crowd. I was watching one of the teams tugging on one guys arm. He didn't want to go and his bulging arms prompted the team to abandon him quickly. I was watching the second team pulling a guy out of the crowd and didn't immediately notice that the woman on the third team dropped herself into my lap and leaned in and kissed me passionately. I kissed her back as the crowd roared. She got up and pulled me up to follow her. I did but I wasn't fond of being on display and I turned as red as Alexis had earlier.

It was even more embarrassing to stand on the stage and get judged by the crowd. My two opponents were body-builders as evidenced by their biceps and pectorals in their tight knit short-sleeved shirts that stretched snuggly over their torsos. They were clearly in their elements as they flexed their muscles for the crowd. My embarrassment ramped up when the MC asked the three of us to strip down to our underpants. At this point it was clear that the MC's opinion of 'Hunky' was muscles and as ripped as I was, I couldn't compete with either of them.

The three of us peeled off our shirts and that received a cheer from the crowd. The other two didn't hesitate to strip off their pants and stand their flexing their legs in their colored bikini underpants. I was in trouble because as usual I was going commando. The crowd was chanting "Take em off. Take em off." Alexis knew the situation and she walked over and whispered, "Go ahead. Take them off. Show them what a hunk is." She giggled and stepped back to her place. My competitive nature took over and I unbuckled my pants and pulled my zipper down to let my pants fall to my feet. My cock wasn't hard but it wasn't soft either.

The crowd went quiet for a moment before a din grew through the crowd. I glanced over at the other two guys who were looking at each other. Apparently they had a competitive streak too as they both dropped their bikinis to the floor. Big mistake. Heavy muscle development with steroid use can reduce the size of a guy's cock or at least make it look that way because of the massive increase in the guy's physique. Either way, the crowd went silent as if all the oxygen was sucked out of the room. I just stood there while the other two proceeded to cycle through their flexing routines. The MC asked the crowd to vote and it sounded like I was nearly a unanimous winner. 

Alexis was clapping as she walked over and took my semi-erect cock in her hand which prompted it to grow to full dimensions. Joan, of the birthday girls yelled out, "Best cock I've ever had."

Izzy followed Joan with, "I'll second that." The crowd burst into laughter which lasted until Alexis started jerking me off and the crowd broke into a collective groan. I didn't let Alexis continue and I took her hand off my cock and bent to pull my pants back up. Alexis grinned at me and kissed me. I zipped up and buckled my pants before pulling my shirt on. The other two guys were beet red with embarrassment as they pulled their clothes back on. The winner of the game was announced. The crowd roared with laughter when the prize was announced as a bottle of Champagne because anyone in the crowd could get the same simply by requesting one at any bar. We went back to our seats but decided to go back to our room instead of watching the rest of the show. I could see that Alexis was flushed with erotic anticipation. She had that sultry look on her face.

I unlocked our door and pushed it open for Alexis. I didn't get in the room before she was pulling at my pants. We totally forgot about the door behind me as Alexis yanked me by my erect cock toward the bed. She was breathing very raggedly already. I slowly undressed her as she urgently jerked on my cock. I left her sexy red lace lingerie on along with her stilettos. She reluctantly released my cock so she could frantically undress me. I had already kicked off my shoes and socks. She was gasping for air before she got her hands back on my cock. 

I heard a light knock behind me and someone clearing their throat. I turned to see who was there. Alexis either didn't hear or didn't care. She was slithering down my body to her knees. I took her by the elbows and stopped her descent. She looked up at me with a pleading look on her face. I nodded toward the door and she looked where I was nodding and let out a little scream when she saw the two women from the restaurant standing just inside our door. They didn't look away. They were staring at my bare ass. Alexis moved in close to me using my body to block the women's view.

The brunette said, "Sorry for interrupting you. You didn't seem to notice that your door was open. Should we close it?"

I looked back at them and said, "Could you. Please." To my surprise, they stepped inside the room and closed the door behind them. Alexis thought they had gone when the door shut and she peeked around my body to confirm. She screeched again when she saw that they hadn't left. They brazenly walked over to us.

The brunette said, "My name is Linda. My friend here is Pia. We saw you guys in the restaurant and then at the show. That was some show wasn't it? We were trying to catch up to you when you left but you were obviously in a hurry. Pardon me for saying so but I totally understand what the urgency was. We would love to join you." Linda looked at her friend, Pia, who was flushed with sexual heat and was nearly hyperventilating as she ran one hand across her ample tits.

Linda and Pia didn't even wait for a response from us. They quickly stripped off their clothes. Pia's breasts were very large and obviously enhanced. Her nipples were erect and very long. Linda's nipples hardened as she caressed my naked ass. Pia left her panties on as she pressed her tits against my back. She wrapped her arms around to my front and ran her fingers through my ripped abs and groaned as she rocked her hips against me. My cock was rock hard in Alexis' hand and she didn't seem ready to relinquish it or even share it. Linda and Pia was patient though and Linda came around to my front and caressed Alexis' ass and ran her fingers up her thighs to her sex. Alexis shuddered when Linda touched her clitoris and groaned as she dropped her forehead to my chest. She gripped my cock tighter.

With Pia's body pressed against my back, Linda moved in behind Alexis and pressed herself against Alexis' back and began to rock her hips forward and back like she was fucking Alexis from behind. Alexis gasped for a breath of air as she looked up at me. I grinned down at her. She appeared to be fighting off her sexual excitement at the situation but she was losing the battle. When Linda's fingers went back to Alexis' pussy she gave up the fight and groaned hard into an orgasm. Linda kept up her attack and pulled Alexis back away from me and knelt down on her knees and drilled her tongue into Alexis' quaking pussy. Alexis screamed loudly as her hands went to Linda's head to steady herself. 

Linda kept up her attack until Alexis' clenches subsided and then Linda helped Alexis down to the floor. Linda moved into a sixty-nine position and resumed her attack on Alexis' pussy. Alexis was breathing hard as she drilled her tongue up into Linda's pussy. Linda screeched and pulled her head back from Alexis' pussy. Alexis maneuvered herself to drill her tongue into Linda's anus and Linda let out a scream that prompted Pia to move around beside me to watch. Pia wrapped her fingers as far around my cock as she could and started jerking me off.

I looked at Pia's beautiful face as we were nearly face to face. She grinned at me and looked down at my cock sliding in and out of her hand. I looked down too and to my utter shock, Pia was stroking her other hand on her own cock. I bellowed out, "Holy Shit," as I jumped back away from Pia. I couldn't even imagine the look on my face. Pia just grinned at me and kept right on jerking herself off. 

Linda knew exactly what was going on and she giggled into Alexis' pussy. Alexis could only see Linda's pussy until Linda moved off her body and sat on the carpet. Alexis was confused by my exclamation until she looked up to see Pia standing there beside me in her stilettos stroking her own cock. It took a moment for Alexis to process what she was seeing and then she muttered in awe, "Holy Shit."

I was initially freaked out but Alexis was intrigued and she got up on her knees and took Pia's cock in her hand and took over her motion. Pia smiled at Alexis and released her cock to her. She had never released my cock and she continued jerking me off. I was awash in a flood of emotions for several minutes until I was able to process the situation. 

Linda crawled over and took my cock away from Pia and pushed her lips on the knob. She figured out how to get it in her mouth after a few attempts. Alexis watched Linda sucking my cock and she moved to do the same with Pia's cock once she was satisfied that Pia's cock was in fact real and not a dildo. She had no difficulty with Pia's cock. It was of normal dimensions and was as hard as a steel rod. Alexis deep throated Pia's cock and Pia let out a loud groan when Alexis licked her balls while fully imbedded in her mouth. Pia pressed her hands to the back of Alexis' head and pulled her gently toward her. Alexis groaned too. 

I was so turned on watching Alexis suck Pia's cock and palm Pia's tits at the same time. Given the circumstances, I quickly burst into an orgasm. Linda stayed on my cock but quickly learned that the sheer volume of my climax was way more that she could handle without swallowing. Her eyes bugged from her head and her lips bulged as cum quickly overwhelmed her. She was blown off the knob and was then covered from forehead to waist in cum. 

As my cum sprayed over Linda's face and body Pia was raised to her own orgasm and blew her load into Alexis' mouth. Alexis pulled back to Pia's glans and accepted every shot. The amount of cum she produced was a normal amount for a cock. Alexis didn't know what to expect as this was the first woman's cock she ever sucked. 

Pia had watched Linda get drenched with cum and when Alexis pulled back off her cock she dropped to her knees and began licking cum from Linda's face and chest. Several times Pia collected cum and pushed it into Linda's mouth and then returned for more. Alexis couldn't take her eyes of Pia's gorgeous face, beautiful body and softening penis. Everything about Pia screamed hot, sexy woman except the appendage between her legs and the scrotum that hung below that.

Pia hadn't spoken yet and I wondered if she would have a man's deep voice or not. When she finally did speak, her voice was as feminine as Alexis'. Once we were all just sitting around on the floor, Linda started to explain. Pia stopped her and gave her own explanation: Pia had been born to German parents with both sets of sexual organs; an anomaly known as hermaphroditism. It is not uncommon. The doctors asked Pia's parents which sex child they wanted and they chose a male and named him Dana. With surgery and some extra hormones, the problem was solved, or so they thought. Dana never identified as a boy. As he grew older he tried hard to be what his parents wanted. He dressed like a boy. He kept her hair very short. He spent his formative years in turmoil. He did everything he could to appear male but he was a very pretty male. It was assumed by Dana's friends that he was gay. He was too pretty not to be. The one thing that comforted Dana as a male was his sexual interest in girls. He'd had a couple girlfriends and had even had sex with them. As a girl himself, this troubled him and he decided he must be a lesbian or something. It was very confusing to Dana and it still remained so for Pia. As soon as Dana was of age, he'd had enough and stopped taking the hormones. The first manifestation of that decision was breasts. She hoped they would keep growing but they didn't and stopped growing at an "A-cup". The next was a waist and hips and then his voice changed. He let his hair grow and he started dressing like the woman he really was. He changed his name to Pia. Dana had a poster of Pia Zadora, an actress back in the day and she liked the name. To embrace her new self image she decided to have breast augmentation surgery and she went big. 
