 I slept like a log and was pleased when I woke and looked at the alarm clock. It was 6:12 AM. I grabbed my morning woody and stroked on it a few times. I could feel a pressure on my bladder and even though I was enjoying just laying there leisurely stroking my cock, I had to abandon my woody and go to the bathroom. It was dark in the room but a dull gray dawn pressed around the edge of the curtains. I felt like I was behind schedule and I chastised myself by reminding myself that I was on vacation. 

While I was up I did my bathroom stuff including a quick shower and then went back to the bedroom. I was feeling antsy and felt like working out again but I didn't want to go to the Gym thinking that Joyce and her gang would be there for what they obviously had for an agenda. I didn't want to embarrass them by declining their advances either. 

Alexis rolled onto her back and came awake. She said, "Why didn't you wait for me in the shower." I crawled onto the edge of the bed and snuggled up to her. She kissed me and I kissed her back. She looked at me and said, "I get it. You're going to work-out. Right?"

I kissed her again and said, "I was feeling like that but I know there is going to be one or more women there that are going to be pretty insistent on getting at my cock."

Alexis laughed at that. "You mean like every day?" She grinned at me. I frowned at her and she turned serious as she sat up and pushed herself back against the headboard. "You're really concerned about this aren't you?"

I hesitated a few moments and then said, "I am. I love you so much. I don't want you to feel that I just go off on my own and engage in sex with whomever." She smiled at me and leaned forward and kissed me. She lifted my chin up so I was looking at her.

She said, "This group of women you think are going to jump you when you go to the Gym; is this the group of thirty year olds we saw at the beach yesterday?" I nodded. I could see her searching back in her memory to remember what they looked like. She must have remembered something she liked because her face broke into a sultry grin. 

I said, "One of them was in the Gym yesterday when I was fucking Linda. She asked me if I was going to be at the Gym today. I told her I didn't know." Alexis didn't seem to hear any of what I just said. She still had that look on her face. She pulled back the covers and slid out of bed. She went to the bathroom and I heard the shower come on. I went into the bathroom as she was closing the shower door.

Alexis said, "I think I need to work-out this morning too." She giggled .

I opened the shower door and said, "You've never worked out a day in your life. Which one of this group are you thinking about?"

Alexis giggled and said, "The one that we overheard saying she wanted a shot at me as we walked away yesterday. She was hot. The others want you badly. It just wouldn't be right to send them home from their vacation without fulfilling their dreams, now would it." I stood there in the doorway just looking at her. She grinned and came over and kissed me on the lips. I just shook my head as she burst out laughing. "You're not going to turn into a prude now are you?"

My lady never ceased to amaze me. I shook my head again and closed the shower door. I went to the bedroom and pulled out the gym shorts that I had thrown in the carry bag yesterday. I pulled them on without underwear. I pulled on a tee shirt and my flip-flops.

Alexis finished up her bathroom stuff and pulled on her new metallic red bikini. She turned to face me and giggled as my cock was pushing on my gym shorts. She said, "We'll go work-out." She lifted her hands in the air and gave air-quotes with her fingers at the word 'work-out'. She continued, "And then we can go to breakfast before we go to the pool. Fair warning; I'm feeling pretty randy today."

I grinned at Alexis and then opened the door. I followed her out and we walked hand in hand to the Gym. She relied on me to guide her. Her face flushed with anticipation as she saw the 'Gym' sign on the door. She paused at the door and took a deep breath as she tried to get herself under control.

I pushed open the door not knowing what we'd find. Alexis stepped into the tiny room and looked around and said, "Holy Shit. This is the Gym?" It was even smaller than yesterday because Joyce, Sylvia and Virginia were actually working out at three of the station. They all turned to look when Alexis and I walked in.

Virginia looked at Joyce and said, "You nailed it girl." They were all dressed the same as Joyce had been dressed yesterday in sports-bras and short shorts. 

There were five of us in the room and it was very tight. Alexis found herself standing very close to Sylvia because Syliva had pushed herself into this position. Alexis was breathing heavily as Sylvia got bumped by Virginia which caused Sylvia to bump forward into Alexis. They were looking into the other's eyes. Alexis made the first move as their faces were inches apart. She leaned forward and kissed Sylvia and things happened quickly from there. Sylvia reached forward and laid her palms on Alexis' tits and pushed her back onto the seat of the leg/thighs station and then followed her down. Alexis looked back to make sure she wasn't going to fall and when she looked back up Sylvia was on Alexis' lap grinding her pelvis into Alexis'. Sylvia stripped her sports-bra over her head and locked her lips on Alexis'. Their lungs emptied as they both groaned hard. Sylvia pulled Alexis' red metallic bikini top down to her waist and leaned forward and sank her lips onto one nipple and then the other. 

Joyce, Virginia and I stood there and watched things develop. Joyce turned to look at me and then she looked down at the big lump in my shorts. Virginia was fascinated with Alexis and Sylvia and maneuvered out of Joyce's way so she could watch. Joyce reached down in my shorts and got my attention. She had my cock in a tight grip as she started jerking me off. She had been here before and she wanted to finish me off inside her this time.

Virginia suddenly remembered what she was there for and she turned away from Alexis and Sylvia to see her friend Joyce stroking my cock. Now she realized that she had been outmaneuvered and she pushed Sylvia forward so she could get at me. 

There wasn't much Sylvia and Alexis could do to each other sitting on the station bench. They both slid off the bench to the carpeting against a wall. Alexis was on her back and Sylvia moved into a sixty-nine position above her. Alexis groaned hard when Sylvia's tongue found her clitoris after pulling her bikini bottom to one side. Alexis pulled Sylvia's shorts down to expose her pussy above her head and jammed her tongue up into Sylvia's pussy. Sylvia pulled her head up and groaned out, "Oh Fuck. Yes. You are very good, little girl. Jesus." Alexis wanted her to shut up so she thrust her hips up into Sylvia's face. They were both in heat. Alexis was gasping for air as was Sylvia. 

Virginia bumped into Joyce and shoved her hand down in my pants and got a grip on as much of my cock as she could find that wasn't already in Joyce's hand. They looked at each other and started wrestling over my cock. They were friends who at the moment were adversaries. I looked back and forth and I had finally had enough. I reached my hand into my shorts and grabbed both of their hands and yanked them off my cock.

Joyce looked up at me and said, "I had it first." I pulled my shorts down to the floor and sat down on the bench of the pectoral machine. I put my hands on the top of their heads and pushed them down to the floor. They both understood and came up on their knees and Joyce ran her lips along one side of my cock and Virginia did the same on the other side. I held both of their heads tight to my cock as they slid up and down the length of my shaft. Joyce slid up over the glans and stretched her lips over the knob. Virginia went low and sucked one of my testicles into her mouth and rolled my balls around with her tongue. Joyce was working her blow-job like yesterday but she didn't want me to blow in her mouth. She made several cycles on my cock and then pulled back. She slid her lips off and went down to my balls. Virginia took her opportunity and went for my cock. She struggled to get her lips over the knob. She was finally successful and eased her mouth down my shaft until she gagged on it.

Joyce came off my balls and moved up to whisper in Virginia's ear. I heard her say, "Don't let him cum in your mouth. We want to fuck him to climax. He cums a ton so there'll be enough for both of us." 

Virginia pulled her mouth off my cock and said, "How do you know that? You said you just met him yesterday. You sucked him off yesterday didn't you?" Joyce smiled and nodded. Virginia said, "I'm going first." Joyce nodded and Virginia stood up and stripped her clothes off and then climbed up into my lap and used the metal bars above us to maneuver her pussy onto the end of my cock. Virginia looked at the size of my knob pressed up against her pussy and she said, "Fuck that's awful big. Do you think it will fit?"

Joyce stared at Virginia and said, "Of course it will fit. Do you want me to go first?" Virginia vigorously shook her head as she pushed her pussy onto the crown. She was soaking wet and my cock got stuck for only a second before she was able to make an adjustment and then pushed down. I watched my cock disappear into Virginia's pussy and I groaned almost as hard as she did. She reached down with one hand and groaned again as she felt my cock sliding in and out of her pussy through her fingers.

Joyce was fretting about me shooting my load into Virginia and then she wouldn't get any. She kept saying, "It's my turn Jinny. It's my turn." Jinny wasn't about to relinquish my cock until she had her orgasm and all indications were that she wasn't far away. She was gasping for air along with Alexis and Sylvia. I put my hands on Virginia's big tits to caress her hard nipples and she shuddered and let out a groan.

Joyce started the 'It's my turn' thing again and I pressed a finger to her lips and said, "Joyce. Don't fret. Even if I cum in her I promise I won't go soft. You'll get yours okay? In fact, if I cum in her, chances are that you'll get a longer ride before cumming a second time." Joyce's face broke into a huge grin and she visibly relaxed.

Virginia was off in some other place as she slammed her pussy on my cock. She started whimpering as she shuddered again and then her face screwed up tight as her orgasm washed hard over her. She screamed out, "FUUUCCCCKKKK. I'MMM CUMMINGGG. OHHH MMYYY GGAAWWDD. YES." Joyce was grinning like her face would split open. She was frantically stroking her pussy. Then Joyce moved her head in between my chest and Virginia's and sucked a hard nipple onto her lips. Virginia screamed again as her pussy clenched hard on my cock. I flexed my cock and Virginia screamed out that my cock was getting bigger. I smiled.

I looked down on the floor to see what was up with Alexis and Sylvia. They were still going at it as they both groaned and screamed. Sylvia broke into her orgasm first as she announced that she was cumming. She pulled out of Alexis' pussy and groaned through her clamping muscles and clenching pussy before attacking Alexis' clitoris and pussy again.

Virginia pushed Joyce's face from her tits and collapsed on my chest. Joyce whispered into Virginia's ear, "Come on Jinny. I'm going nuts here." Joyce forced herself off my chest and pushed her pussy off my cock and then slid down my legs to stand beside me. Joyce didn't waste another second as she climbed into my lap and maneuvered her pussy to my bouncing cock. She held it down to her vagina and slid on. She groaned hard as my knob pushed inside. She felt the size and stopped for a second or two before jamming her pussy down to my balls. She screamed and Virginia grinned at me.

Joyce found a place to put her feet and with the aid of the bar overhead she proceeded to fuck herself on my cock. She was throwing her head from side to side as she groaned out a constant stream of "AAAHHH's" that became a staccato burst of 'Ahh's' separated by Joyces' vigorous thrusts onto my cock. I cupped her big tits in my palms and tweaked her nipples. Virginia reached up under Joyce's pussy and manipulated my balls. I could feel my orgasm coming on. I held it back until I could feel Joyce's orgasm.

I turned my attention back to Alexis and Sylvia writhing on the floor. Sylvia had already climaxed and Alexis was just about to explode into hers when she screeched out, "OHHHH FUCCCKKKK. I'MMM GONNA SQUIRT." I guess Sylvia either heard "I'm gonna cum" or she didn't know what a squirt was. She maintained her attack on Alexis' clitoris.

When Alexis screamed out and her squirt launched from her pussy with great force, it caught Sylvia completely by surprise and she came out sputtering. Alexis' muscles clamped as if they were what was propelling the stream. She screamed out every bit of air in her lungs as the stream dwindled. She sucked in a lungful of air and continued her scream as another solid stream of liquid blew out of her. Sylvia had nowhere to go in the tight confines and she was soaked from head to toe. She apparently didn't know what was happening as she looked up at me to save her.

I felt Joyce's pussy begin clamping on my cock and she groaned out a low pitched, "Gawd, I'm cumming. Yes. Cum in me now." I let my orgasm rush in and cum boiled out of my balls and gushed up my shaft into Joyce's clenching pussy. She screamed, "OH FUCK. YES. YES. OH MY GAAWWDDD."

Sylvia was holding her arms out with Alexis' juices dripping off her nose, her chin, her tits and elbows as she watched Joyce writhing all over my lap. I bent forward and sucked Joyce's right nipple into my mouth and sucked hard on it. She screamed again and grabbed my head and held me there on her tit.

Alexis lay on her back recovering from her orgasm and her squirt. She was watching Joyce gyrating in my lap too. I looked down at her and she grinned at me. I smiled around Joyce's nipple. Finally Joyce released my head and lifted my face so she could kiss me. She kissed me over and over again and then tears exploded from her eyes. She was embarrassed and quickly got herself under control. She pulled herself up off my cock and slid down my legs. She traced cum and vaginal fluids down my legs as she went.

The atmosphere in the room was thick with heat and humidity and sex. Joyce and Virginia hugged each other and laughed and high fived each other as if their mission was complete. Sylvia was still leaning against a wall looking at Alexis' squirt juices dripping down her body. She finally said, "What the fuck was that." 

I looked down at her and said, "You've just experienced one of Alexis' squirts. It's basically a female ejaculation."

Sylvia said, "Good God. I've heard of them but I figured it was a myth. I've never had one and never seen one before."

I said, "Well, now you have."

Joyce helped Sylvia up off the floor and threw a towel at her to clean off. Joyce used the same towel to wipe herself down from cum, juices and sweat. Then Virginia did the same. I grabbed a clean towel and wiped the sweat from my face, chest and legs and the cum and juices cocktail from my crotch and legs. I tossed another fresh towel down to Alexis. She wiped her pussy and then down her soaked legs from her squirt. She grinned at me as she tossed the towel back for me to drop in the basket.

Alexis stood up and pulled her bikini patch back into place between her legs and then pulled her bikini top back into place. I put my shorts and tee shirt back on. Joyce, Virginia and Sylvia all got dressed. We had to get out of that room or suffocate and we moved into the hallway where we all kissed and hugged. They went one direction and we headed for the breakfast buffet. Alexis burst out laughing when we were a couple turns down the hallway. She took my hand and said, "Fantastic. That couldn't have worked out better. Did you finally get off?" I grinned and nodded.

We were so glad to get outside and inhale some fresh air. As we were walking into the buffet, Pia and Linda were taking their tray to a table in the back of the room. Alexis told me that she wanted the usual and then headed for Pia and Linda's table. They all kissed and hugged as I grabbed two plates and made one for Alexis and one for me. I was hungry and I didn't skimp on the eggs, sausage, bacon, waffles, and toast. Alexis' was fresh fruit, a piece of bacon and cereal. As I poured two glasses of juice and two cups of coffee and turned toward the dining area.

I nearly crashed into one of the four birthday girls. I searched back in my memory and came up with Veronica or Roni as the others called her. She was startled by the near collision and dropped her empty plate. It exploded into a million pieces. She stood there in the middle of the broken plate and said, "Holy shit. I don't know why I didn't see you. You're so big." I set my tray down on a counter and crouched down to pull the big pieces of the broken plate together. Before I could do anything, a young lady appeared in an apron. She had a Wisk-Broom and a dust pan and she swept up the mess in seconds. I got another plate for Roni and apologized. She waved me off and said it was her fault. The other members of the birthday club appeared and asked Roni if she was okay. She was blushing with embarrassment as others came around to see what the commotion was. 

I said "Good morning ladies." They were giggling amongst themselves as they spotted a wet spot on my gym shorts at the end of where my cock rested. I looked to see what they were giggling at. A large circle of post cum had drooled out of my cock and caused a big wet spot. I ran my index finger over the spot and rubbed my finger with my thumb. It was unmistakably cum. I knew what it was and so did they. Joan said, "I see you've got an early start today," and giggled as the others joined her. I blushed a little, wished them a wonderful day and made my way to Pia and Linda's table. They were all laughing as I walked up and they all went quiet as I sat down. Something was going on. I guessed that I would find out sooner or later. I let it go.

Pia said, "I absolutely love your bathing suit. I obviously couldn't wear it but I bet Linda would look great in it."

Linda said, "What other colors does it come in?" They were trying hard to make me believe that this is what they were talking about when I walked up and sat down. I wasn't buying it but I ate my breakfast and ignored their conversation.

Alexis said, "It comes in a lot of colors. They all have a metallic sheen like this. The shop attendant said they don't sell many so I think they have blue and white besides the red." 

Alexis picked at her fruit while I shoveled scrambled eggs and all the rest into my mouth. Linda asked if we were going to the pool or the beach. Alexis responded that she wanted to go wherever they wanted to go. I smiled at Alexis. She had found some new friends that she wanted to spend time with. I enjoyed their company too so I smiled at Pia and then Linda. They seemed pleased that we wanted to go wherever they went. They obviously enjoyed our company too.

Linda and Pia had finished their breakfast and were sitting there talking with Alexis mostly as they sipped a second cup of coffee. Pia, ever the little minx, decided to tease me with questions about the wet spot on my gym shorts. I looked down and spread my napkin across my lap. It was obvious that they already knew all about our escapades this morning and with whom. Alexis giggled at my discomfort and I declined to answer questions that they already knew the answers to. Pia burst out laughing at my discomfort and I flushed red which only got Pia laughing harder.
