 Alexis was on the sofa with her legs curled up under her skirt as she talked to Pia and Linda on the phone. She talked to them nearly every day and it was killing her not to tell them about winning the lottery. It was the day after the money became available to us and she couldn't stand it anymore and told them. I could hear them screaming over the phone. I was studying for a course in Quantum Physics which is very bizarre stuff and I had to chuckle as I imagined the looks on their faces. I wished that Alexis had her phone on speaker so I could hear their full reactions to the news. I found out that our wedding date was June twelfth by listening to these conversations. Alexis had never mention the date to me before, not that it mattered. Whatever day it was, I was sure that she'd have me there. 

Alexis told Pia and Linda that we wanted to charter a plane for them and their family and friends that would attend their wedding. The expense of commercial travel could be daunting and people would decline just because they couldn't afford it. Alexis went on that we would upgrade all the room to suites at our expense. All they had to do was give us a number, so we could charter the right plane and reserve the suites. The wedding director at the resort had said that June was not a big month for them so suite availability should not be a problem.

Alexis and I had discussed who we would invite and I had started a list that seemed to grow daily. On my side were my mother and father and my sister, Thia with a plus one if she wanted. I included Noah, Samantha and Erin with a plus one if she wanted. I had a question mark for Heather, the District Attorney. Alexis wanted me to invite Sylvia the travel agent. I included Dean and Josie and contemplated other football team mates but decided against it. They were all friends but I wasn't really close to any other than Dean. I included Olivia and Sophia and Rachel and Mitch on my side. Rachel might want John to be her plus one but I didn't have any idea how much he knew about Rachel and Mitch's sexual escapades with us and others. It seemed she was keeping our sexual relationship a secret from him. The others on my list, except for Sylvia, would certainly be in for whatever happened at any time or place. I would have to warn Sylvia of the possibilities if she decided to attend. From the few times that we had talked, I couldn't tell if she would be all in or totally freak-out.

Alexis had her mother, Emma and her older sister, Aunt Jane with her step-daughter Julia who had both attended Dee's wedding. Dee and Jarrod had already declined the invitation because her due date was too close to the wedding date. She was terrified of being in a third-world, back-water when the time came. Alexis included Fiona and the other four members of the SH5: Jan, Yu-Gin, and Nina. Josie was already on my list. She contemplated asking Crystal, Rachel's friend and then I knew that she was just trying to list off everyone that made her horny. We had a total of twenty-two to twenty-five. Everyone on our lists would be ready for anything and several would likely start things off. I had a vision of Aunt Jane blowing the pilot in the cock-pit on the flight down.

Pia and Linda were doing this same exercise. It was tough to know who to invite when it's going to be at a nude resort with a lot of sex going on. Most people aren't open to this kind of activity. We had no clue about their relationships with family and friends. We doubted that they had a sexual family as large as ours.

I had no clue how many people a private charter jet could carry with luggage. I picked up my cell phone and called Jarrod. I chatted with him in general about my dilemma on how to get things done that I never in my wildest dreams thought I'd ever have to even think about. I gave him the charter plane as an example. He laughed and said, "You guys should hire yourself an assistant you can put on speed-dial to handle these kinds of issues." I was surprised there were people out there in the world that provided services like that. Jarrod chuckled and said, "There are people out there who do anything you can imagine. Let me look around and see if I can recommend someone for you." I thanked him and hung up.

I set my Quantum Physics book aside when Alexis finished up her conversation with Pia and Linda. She came over and cuddled up to me and laid her head on my shoulder. I turned to her and kissed her on the forehead. She smiled up at me and said, "Think back to when we used to imagine what we'd do if we ever won a big lottery. What was the thing we always said we'd buy first if we won?" I already knew the answer. It had been circling in my brain since day one. I'd set it aside because I had a fear that we'd piss our way through the money like you read about on the internet. I was suddenly feeling frugal. Alexis apparently wasn't though.

I answered her question, "We always talked about buying a new super-duper automobile: A Lamborghini or a Ferrari or something." Alexis swung her body around to sit in my lap facing me as she spread her skirt around her. We were face to face with her hands behind my neck and she kissed my lips. I kissed her back and waited for her response.

She said, "I think buying one of those would be an announcement of our new found obscene wealth, don't you think?" I nodded and let her continue. I was curious about what she was thinking. "What if we bought a super-duper tricked-out Van with a bed and plush seats and whatever else we can't even think of. We've sure had some good times in that ratty old Van outside. We've probably shortened our lifespan breathing in those chemicals all summer."

I loved the idea and kissed her lips. She grinned at me and ground her ass around in my lap and said, "I'm getting horny just thinking back. We've had great sex with Erin and Samantha and Heather on a rolled up yoga mat. Olivia even got in on the fun right in her driveway." She was getting my cock hard talking about it and her ass-grinding was the finishing touch.

She lifted the hem of her skirt to show me she had no panties on. She dropped the hem and put her hands under her skirt and unzipped my pants. Both hands wrapped around my stiff cock and pulled it down as she slid forward in my lap. A hard cock doesn't like to be bent in that direction and I flinched and sat forward to relieve the pain. She was grinning at me as my glans slid up and down her sopping wet pussy. She found the right spot and rocked her hips onto the knob. The grin was wiped off her face as her mouth fell open and her eyes closed tight as she pushed herself further onto my shaft. I watched her face contort and grimace as she moved down to sit on my balls. She groaned hard when her pussy slid past the thickest part of my cock. 

I sat there with my hands on her tiny waist. This was her fuck and I let her control the action. The only thing I did was to flex my cock as hard as I could every so often. Alexis moaned every time I did it. She used her legs and hips to lift herself up and let gravity push her back down. She repeated this action several times as her face morphed through several masks of total pleasure. Her eyes opened and she saw me watching her. She grinned and closed her eyes again and pushed herself through another few cycles. My cock was as hard as a granite pillar. There was a short delay of sensation on my cock as she lifted up out of my lap. Her pussy was getting dragged out of her by friction as she lifted herself up my shaft. 

Alexis was breathing erratically as she started slowly turning her head from side to side. She pulled her lower lip between her teeth and lightly bit down on it. Her fingers went to my chest and began kneading my pectoral muscles through my shirt. Her nipples were rock hard as they pressed against her blouse. I unbuttoned her blouse and palmed her nipples and she exploded into a groan and then inhaled hard as she thrust her body forward. 

Alexis grabbed my biceps as my arms were extended to caress her tits. Her eyes opened again but they looked glassy and then they went wide open as she released her lower lip and let out a blood curdling scream as she started furiously thrusting her pelvis forward and back on my cock. Her head tipped back as she gasped for air and then screamed again. Her pussy was slamming back and forth on my cock. There was a distinct secondary sensation of her pussy clenching tightly to my shaft at a rapid pace. Her face morphed through a whole litany of masks. Some were of joy, some looked like pain. I could only imagine what tactile sensations she was experiencing as her face morphed.

I felt her orgasm building even higher and then she let out a groan and collapsed forward on my chest and stopped moving altogether except her chest, which heaved as she gasped for oxygen. She started mumbling, "Jesus, Baby. That was amazing. Oh my God, that was amazing." I could feel her pussy clamping on my cock for a long time as her breathing became normal again.

After she was totally recovered from her orgasm she lifted her head off my chest and looked at me with a big smile on her face, "Let's go car shopping." I burst out laughing at the absurdity of Alexis plowing through her orgasm and then moments later she was onto something else. She grinned at me wondering what was so funny.

Alexis slid my hard cock from her pussy and stood up. My cock bobbed up in the air to point at her face. She looked at it and then at my face. My cock was poking through my open zipper and the crotch of my pants was soaked from her leaking juices. She giggled and said, "We can't go out with you in that condition. Can we?" I looked down at my bouncing cock and then up at Alexis. I shook my head and smiled.

Vaginal juices were drooling down Alexis' thighs so her first order of business was to get a towel so she didn't make a mess on the expensive Oriental Rugs. Then she knelt between my knees and smiled at me as she took my cock in her hands and began jerking me off. Then she began licking her tongue around my glans as she twisted her fists back and forth. She stretched her lips over the knob and rotated her head back and forth as she stared up at me. She was smiling around my cock. Her smile made the whole scene that much more erotic.

Alexis inch-wormed her lips down my shaft and pushed my knob into her throat. I knew I was a goner then. Two minutes later, I was gushing cum up my shaft. Alexis took it all and swallowed as she needed to. She held on to a mouthful and showed me before she swallowed hard and then opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. I laughed at her antics as she pulled herself back to her feet. She buttoned her blouse and went to the bedroom.

I was still recovering when Alexis came back with a clean pair of jeans. I got out of the stained ones and pulled the fresh pair on. My cock was just beginning to soften and was still huge. I buckled my pants and carefully zipped up. There was a huge bulge pointing off to the left toward my hip. Alexis looked at it and started giggling.

As it turned out, our day was wasted driving around to various auto-dealers that advertised that they had conversion vans. None were what we were imagining. GMC, Chevrolet and Ford all had multi-passenger vans. When we told them what we were thinking, they all recommended contacting a company in San Francisco who did classic Van conversions.

We discovered that car buying is exhausting so we went back to the palace and looked this company up on the internet. We found the basics of what we were looking for in a Mercedes Benz Classic Executive Van. The interior was stunning but there was no mention of an option for a bed. I called the company and talked to a sales rep about what other options they had that weren't displayed on their website. Finally, I just said right out that we wanted a bed and was told that the three person rear leather seats could be converted to remotely fold out to a full sized bed. Alexis was listening as I had the call on speaker-phone. Her approval was obvious from the huge grin on her face and I placed the order. He told me they would deliver it to me in about three weeks. 

The Van was delivered on a flatbed truck two weeks and five days later. Rachel, John and Mitch joined us in the rear parking area by the garage to watch it being unloaded. It was champagne colored and was going to standout like a sore thumb around this small town; so much for not getting too glitzy. Alexis had a grin permanently frozen on her face as the van rolled down the ramp. Even Rachel was impressed with the interior. The windows were all black outs with remote controlled privacy panels on both sides and the rear. The rear wall had a 42" flat screen TV that provided a either a fisheye rear view or a TV. Another flat screen was visible from the rear seats looking forward on a raised bulkhead that allowed even me to stand up straight. The two passenger seats behind the driver power reclined with foot and head rests. The delivery driver took us through how everything worked and Alexis broke into a grin when the rear seat folded down into a plush full-sized bed.

The delivery guy left and Alexis and I played with all the buttons and switches and remote controls. The van had its own wi-fi and TV antenna. The stereo system was amazing with CD, DVD, USB and Bluetooth. Alexis kissed me and said, "Happy early Birthday Baby." I smiled as I my head was on a swivel taking it all in. The instruction manuals were huge. It would take me forever to figure out all the things this Van did.

My twentieth Birthday was a week away and no one had mentioned it until that moment. Rachel and John gave out congratulatory hugs and kisses and left. Mitch was as excited as we were and she stuck around with us. She was sitting in the passenger seat looking though a pile of instruction manuals while Alexis and I made out on the bed in the back. Mitch heard our moaning and moved to a seat in the second row and swiveled it around to face us and pressed the switch to tilt the seat back and raise the foot-rest. Even the headrest rose to hold her head.

Alexis broke our embrace and said, "Let's take it out for a maiden voyage." Then she noticed that Mitch was still there. "Mitch would you like to come?" Mitch nodded her head with a big smile. She seemed to be pleased that she was being included. I got off the bed and helped Alexis up. I pressed the button to return the bed to a three person sofa. We moved into the front seats and Mitch swiveled her chair around to face front again.

I drove over to the dorms where Alexis' friends, Nina, Jan, Yu-Gin and Josie lived. There was plenty of room for everyone and they all "oohed and aahed" on how plush the interior was. Jan finally asked the question we were expecting, "How much did this cost? Did you hit the lottery of something?" Alexis and I had decided to tell our friends that we had in fact hit the lottery, but we would insinuate that it was a much smaller amount than the truth. We weren't nuts about lying to them but we decided it was better for maintaining our relationships than telling them the truth.

We drove down town to the BBQ restaurant and treated everyone to dinner. Mitch liked hanging out with our friends, even though she was six or seven years older than them. She didn't seem to have many friends of her own, which seemed odd because she's very attractive and personable. After dinner, we dropped everyone off and drove home. Mitch hugged and kissed and thanked us for including her. She went to the main house and we went to our 'Palace'. We both had to study. Neither of us was paying enough attention to our classes. I didn't raise the subject with Alexis but I was pretty sure she was getting close to dropping out. I didn't have the fire in my belly either but I really did want to get my degree.

On the day of my birthday, I was startled awake when a pair of thighs settled to either side of my head and a wet pussy slid down over my nose to my lips. I couldn't see anything. The pussy was hairless so I assumed that it was Alexis. I came fully awake and flicked my tongue over her clitoris and into her pussy and the groan revealed that it was definitely Alexis'. Then I felt a pair of lips struggling to get on the knob of my morning woody. I had no idea who that was. Alexis was sitting straight up as she pivoted her hips forward and back on my face, so I knew it wasn't her. After a few attempts, whoever it was got their lips down to the ridge and began flicking their tongue on the 'spot'. I groaned up into Alexis' pussy. She bent forward and placed her hands on my stomach and ground her pussy harder. I did my duty but I was wondering who was on my cock. 

The unknown lips slowly pushed down my shaft and started giving me a fantastic blow-job. I was flexing my hips up and down and groaning. Alexis was riding my face as she rocked her hips forward and back and then she whimpered, "Oh fuck, Baby. Yeah, right there. Oh Jesus. Yes." I doubled my pace and Alexis screamed hard as she launched into her orgasm. She didn't squirt but she was unbelievably wet. I was slurping her juices as best I could and my tongue drove her into another orgasm before the first one was even done. She was flailing on my face, riding me like a bronco. Her clenching pussy repeatedly pushed my tongue from her pussy and I just drilled it back in to more screams from her.

Whoever was sucking my cock was now using both hands on the bottom half of my cock as the lips and tongue worked on the upper half. My balls pulled up tight and the lips pulled back and then off. My mind was screaming, 'Jesus. Not now,' as my pending orgasm settled back out of reach. There was some movement around my hips as I reached up and caressed Alexis' tits. Her nipples were as hard as nails.

The movement at my hips became a pussy sliding on to my rigid shaft and when a groan erupted as a result, I knew it was Mitch sliding on to my cock. Alexis' heavy breathing settled back to normal and she pulled her pussy off my face as she slid her wet pussy down my chest to my groin. I could see now and Alexis and Mitch were face to face, tits to tits and pussy to pussy. Alexis planted a passionate kiss on Mitch's lips and she responded in kind. Mitch was sliding her pussy up and down my cock and then she pulled off and Alexis guided it into her pussy as she rocked her hips up and down the shaft several times before pulling off and Mitch slid back on again. Both Mitch and Alexis were molesting the other's tits and nipples as they groaned through constant choruses of "AHHs" and "OOHHHs".

Mitch and Alexis shared my cock back and forth several times before Mitch burst into her orgasm as she drove herself up and down my cock. Alexis grabbed her and held her as she started gyrating all over my hips. Her clenching pussy pulled me over and I groaned hard as I launched half dozen bolts of cum into Mitch's pussy. She screamed with each one. Her pussy clenches dwindled and then stopped as I drove my hips upward for my final shot. Alexis pulled Mitch to her and wrapped her arms around Mitch's back. Mitch responded by doing the same to Alexis.

We all stayed still as we gathered air into gasping lungs. When we were all breathing normally again, Alexis lifted herself off my hips and rolled up beside me. She kissed my nipples as she cuddled in under my arm. Mitch let my softening cock drop out of her and she pulled herself up my body and kissed me on the lips. Alexis' kissed Mitch's tit as it went by.

The three of us lay like that for quite a while as I could feel cum drooling out of Mitch's pussy onto my lower stomach. She didn't react and neither did I. Mitch had laid her head on my shoulder after kissing me and now she lifted her head and said, "Happy Birthday, Meat." I burst out laughing. I hadn't heard the 'Meat' reference since football season. Then she said, "I should say Happy Birthday to me. I have a boyfriend and he can make me cum with his tongue but I have never cum on his cock. You're the only guy who's ever made me cum with his cock. Weird huh?" I didn't comment and reached down and cupped Alexis' perfect ass and gave it a squeeze.
