 As we walked into the Bahia Rodizzio, the restaurant was packed. I pushed my way through the crowd to the Maitre d's podium and gave him Dean's name. He was dressed in a tuxedo and was very regal looking as he towered over everyone else but me. He didn't even check his list. He just smiled and asked if my party was present. I nodded and turned to motion them forward. As they pushed through the crowd, everyone turned to watch. Some because of the beautiful women and others because they were pissed that these kids had just walked past them as they waited. It was interesting how easy it was to tell the difference just from the looks on their faces.

Alexis led the way with Josie and Dean behind her. Then the pathway closed as someone stepped in front of Nina blocking her way. Jan and Yu-Gin piled up behind her. I saw what had happened from my vantage point but Alexis, Dean and Josie continued toward me unaware. Nina's immediate reaction was anger and she pushed at the person blocking her way before she even looked up to see who it was. When the person didn't budge, she looked up. Way up. 'Tall guy' was smiling down at her. He stuck out his hand and said, "Hi Nina. My name is Bryce. We met earlier in the pool." Nina hesitantly put her hand in his. Her hand was so tiny compared to his. 

Nina said, "How do you know my name?" Jan and Yu-Gin looked way up to look at the seven foot tall Bryce as they picked their way past Nina and Bryce to continue toward the Maitre d'. Bryce grinned and said, "I've seen you and your gang on TV off and on for six months and besides, there were about a thousand people chanting your name at the pool this afternoon." Nina grinned up at him and eased her hand from his. Nina noticed two guys standing pretty close to Bryce listening to their conversation and she glanced over at them. Bryce said, "Nina. This is Trey. We play college basketball together." Trey was a black guy who stood about six foot seven. He reached out his hand. She smiled up at him and gave him her hand. Bryce continued, "This is Nam. He's our point guard." He stood six foot tall. Nina pulled her hand from Trey's and offered it to Nam. She had been going to the college's home basketball games to cheer on the team so she knew what a point guard was.

I apologized to the Maitre d' for the delay and he checked his list and called out a name as I pushed back through the crowd toward Nina. From the grin on Nina's face I knew she wasn't in any trouble. When I moved up beside her, she looked up at my six foot five and said, "I've got to hang out with shorter guys. You're all giving me a kink in my neck." Then she introduced me to her new friends. We all shook hands. I glanced back at Alexis and noticed that the Maitre d' was walking another couple into the dining room. 

Nina motioned for me to bend down so she could whisper to me. I bent down to her five foot four inches and she said, "Do you think we could ask them to join us." She glanced up at Bryce and smiled. "He's nice. I like him. His friends might get on with Jan and Yu-Gin. They have things in common."

I looked back toward Alexis as the Maitre d' returned to his podium. I walked back to the podium and asked him if we could add three people. He didn't hesitate a second before he nodded and disappeared back into the dining room. When he returned he motioned for us to follow him. I motioned for Nina and her new friends to follow. Nina said something to them and they nodded and followed Nina.

We were by far the largest party seated in the restaurant. I handed a twenty dollar tip to the Maitre-d'. He smiled and graciously accepted it. Nina introduced her new friends. They weren't shy and immediately struck up conversations with Jan and Yu-Gin. 

Dean and Josie and Alexis and I conversed about the day through dinner and drinks and we were getting our buzzes back on. The other six talked and laughed together like we weren't even there. It didn't take long for Jan, Nina and Yu-Gin to succumb to the alcohol as they were all giggling. Bryce, Trey and Nam kept checking on me like I was the protector-dad or something. I admit that I kind of felt that way. Dean had no such parental feelings and he pretty much ignored the new guys as a more than buzzed Josie kept running her hand up his thigh to his crotch while he scanned the room to see if anyone was watching.

The Bahia Rodizzio is a steak restaurant and the food was incredible. Dean proclaimed that his steak was the best he'd ever had, which was a testament to the quality. The quantity, at least for Dean, was insufficient though. Since it was an 'All Inclusive' resort, he wanted to order another steak but Josie put the clamps on that as she lightly patted his 'Buddha Belly' as she called it. He relented as he knew she was right. The weight that he carried was not good for him even if a good portion of it was muscle.

The empty plates were collected as I checked my watch. I figured that we had time for another round of drinks before heading out to the clubs. After a full day of partying and drinking, I was feeling the effects. I was glad I wouldn't be driving anywhere tonight. 

Nina and I made eye contact and she mouthed the words, 'thank you'. I just smiled at her and she returned her attention to Bryce. Jan and Trey were laughing together. He was teasing her about something and she playfully punched his arm. Yu-Gin and Nam were doing much the same. I leaned over and kissed Alexis, who was talking with Josie. She broke off her conversation to kiss me back.

Alexis leaned into my ear and whispered, "Things might just get a little wild tonight." I looked around the table. Nina had a sultry look on her face that Bryce would have had to be dead not to notice. Jan and Yu-Gin weren't far behind and Josie was nearly ready to drop to her knees right there in the restaurant. I thought, 'Jesus, I hope we can make it to the limo.' When Jan leaned in and kissed Trey, I knew it was time to go. I made a show of checking my watch and announced that it was time. 

There was no chance that Jan, Yu-Gin and Nina were going to go out clubbing without their new friends in tow. I had noticed that they all had the party bracelets on so I asked them if they would like to come in our limo. Their eyes lit up at the word limo. The limo would be tight with ten of us, but I knew we would figure it out.

Bryce, Nam and Trey all assisted their dates with their chairs which prompted Dean and me to do the same. I thought back to Alexis and my first dates when I did the same thing. I chastised myself briefly for lapsing on that courtesy common to newly dating couples. Alexis teased me as she said, "Why thank you kind sir." Josie was too drunk to even notice as she concentrated on walking straight. Dean took her arm to assist.

I had texted Ramon on his cell phone and as he promised, our limo was at the door from the lobby when we walked out. I told Julio that we had three more and he smiled as he moved inside and flipped down a jump-seat behind the front partition. Then he held the door for the ladies before retreating to the driver's seat. It wasn't nearly as cramped as I had anticipated. Everyone had a seat. They were closer to each other than before but there were no complaints about that. I told Julio to take us to 'The City'. It was a nightclub only five miles north of the resort. If it was much longer, I figured that Nina and Bryce would be going at it. They felt each other up during the entire short drive. Alexis looked up at me and giggled at Nina's antics. She whispered, "I don't think I've ever seen Nina hornier than she is right now."

I whispered back, "If they get going, it'll be a free-for-all. I thought Josie would start in the restaurant." Alexis nodded and giggled again.

She whispered again, "I don't think these guys have a clue what they've gotten themselves into."

I looked at the three guys and whispered, "Maybe not but they look like they're ready for anything." 

Nina and Bryce were sucking face and it was kind of comical to see Bryce's contortion of his height to press his lips to Nina's. Jan and Trey were holding hands and so were Yu-Gin and Nam. As we drove past the Congo Bongo, Alexis pushed her hand to my lap and nodded toward Dean and Josie. Josie had one hand inside Dean's pants. Her forearm was moving up and down indicating she was giving him a hand-job. Dean's head was pressed back against the window with his lips parted as he was breathing erratically. Alexis pinched my cock and it pushed back at her.

Julio pulled the limo up to the front entrance of 'The City' and jumped out. You could feel the sexual tension in the car as Julio moved quickly around the limo and opened the passenger side rear door. No one moved for several moments until Alexis nudged me toward the door. I got out and assisted Alexis. Julio got a show when Alexis threw her legs out to stand up and her dress slid up her thighs revealing her naked, hairless pussy. She just grinned at him, stood up and pulled her hem back down. Julio assisted the others until only Dean and Josie remained inside. Julio poked his head inside and offered his hand to Josie but she declined his offer. 

Dean said to Julio, "Tell Hunter that we'll meet them inside. If you could give us some privacy, we have some business to take care of." Julio grinned at them and pulled his head out and shut the door. He explained the situation to me and Alexis with a grin on his face. As a limo driver, it was very common to have customers request his discretion while they did the wild thing. Everyone had sex in a limo on their bucket-list. Alexis and I had been there and done that in Las Vegas.

I led our procession inside and we were promptly led to our seats. The nightclub was huge. It was early but the club was vibrating with thousands of spring breakers. The dance stage was set high in the middle of the floor so we could see everything. Everyone was seated around like an arena and the club dancers were up high on the balcony dancing with neon paint on. The cacophony of sound and lights was mind numbing. Techno music blared from the many speakers. The energy level was nuts. We all ordered drinks and enjoyed the show. Something new was going on every second. It was insane.

Alexis' face was lit with wonder and I watched her beautiful aqua-blue eyes shift to all the various activities. She noticed me looking at her and she grinned at me and said, "What?" I had to read her lips because there was no way I could hear her. I smiled back at her and shook my head. We both went back to enjoying the entertainment.

Twenty minutes later, Josie and Dean appeared. I had to laugh. Dean's shirt was buttoned wrong and it was tucked into his underwear. Josie's lip-gloss was all over her face and his. Alexis stood up and took Josie's hand and led her to the ladies room. Dean was grinning so hard I was sure his face would break. 

Nina came over and said, "Bryce left his wallet in the limo. We'll be right back." I just grinned at her and looked over at Bryce. He was fidgeting in his seat and looking at the floor. He was obviously adjusting his erection in his pants. She grabbed his hand and pulled his long, lanky body from his seat and practically dragged him toward the exit. I called Julio's cell phone and when he answered I just yelled, "Two more coming your way." There was no point in listening for his response. It was just too loud. I hung up.

Jan and Trey were still holding hands. They were enthralled by the activities on the central stage. Yu-Gin and Nam were more enthralled with each other as they were engaged in a passionate embrace with her hand inside his zipper and his hand under her dress between her thighs.

Josie and Alexis returned. Josie had a look of embarrassment on her face as she pushed past Yu-Gin and Nam to sit beside Dean. She laughed when she saw Dean's condition. She corrected his button issues and pulled his shirt out of his pants and proceeded to tuck it back in properly. She grinned at him as she tucked his shirt in the front and used the opportunity to squeeze his sticky cock. She grabbed up a napkin from the table and wiped lip-gloss from his lips and cheeks. He kissed her and she kissed him back.

Alexis waited for an opportunity to get past everyone to take her seat. She grinned as she watched Yu-Gin and Nam basically jerking each other off. They were no less discreet than many other breakers around us. Behind us was a girl with her massive tits out as a guy sucked her nipples back and forth. She was totally oblivious to the world around her as she had clamped her arms around the guy's head hanging on for dear life. No one paid any attention to them.

Alexis made a move to get past Yu-Gin and Nam. Just as she moved past Nam, his feet shot out in front of him as his hips pulsed forward. The contorted look on his face told me he was ejaculating. Alexis almost tripped over Nam's legs as she stumbled forward into my lap. I easily caught her. She quickly realized that her skirt was up to her waist exposing her bare pussy again. She lifted herself and pulled her hem down to mid-thigh. 

Yu-Gin's forearm picked up the pace as she jerked off Nam's cock. I'm thinking, 'What a mess to have in your pants all evening.' Yu-Gin was apparently reading my mind as she yelled, "He's wearing a condom." I chuckled to myself. The guy had come prepared.

We all had two more drinks and Nina and Bryce hadn't returned. It was nearly an hour. I got up, more to stretch than anything else. I climbed past everyone and made my way to the exit. As I stepped outside, Julio was standing off to the side with a cigarette hanging from his lips. The limo was parked right where it was when we got out and it was moving slightly. Julio came over and nodded toward the limo and said, "That's the third round. What I'd give to be young again." I chuckled as I continued to watch the limo rocking. Muted sounds of groans and screams emanated from inside. Julio motioned his hand toward the Limo and said, "She's a pistol." He hesitated and then continued, "Did I use the correct slang?"

I laughed and nodded as I said, "Yes you did and yes she is." There was one final set of groans from the Limo and then it went quiet and stopped moving. Julio moved back to his original position out of site and I took the hint and went back inside. 

When I got back to my seat, Alexis was engrossed in the shows and all the other activity on stage and off. Nam was gone and so were Trey and Jan. I guess the look on my face was asking where everyone had gone because Yu-Gin yelled out, "Gone to the bathroom to clean up." She grinned and put both hands to her mouth like a bull-horn and yelled, "I hope he puts on another one." I had to laugh. I looked to where Trey and Jan had been sitting and Yu-Gin shrugged her shoulders. 

I had to piss like a race-horse so I maneuvered my way out and headed for the nearest men's room. There wasn't a line but all the urinals were taken. The music was being piped into the men's room and it was a mad-house. I guy stepped out of the next to last stall and I stepped in. Before I could even get my dick out, a high-heeled foot slid under the partition to the last stall and immediately pulled back. I recognized the shoe. It belonged to Jan. She and Alexis had bought the same shoes during a shopping spree and Alexis hadn't worn those shoes tonight.

I bent down to look under the partition. Her shoes were pointing toward the toilet and a pair of men's shoes was inches behind hers. From the groans and the movements, Trey was fucking Jan in a standing doggy position. Over the music and voices I could barely hear, "YUNNNG, YUNNGG, YUNNGGG" in synch with his forward lunges. I finished my business and was about to turn around to leave when a female voice said, "Hunter? Is that you? I recognize your shoes. Alexis has very nice taste." Then she groaned out, "Oh my gawwd Trey. You have a wonderful cock," and she groaned hard again.

I acknowledged that it was me and said, "I'll leave you guys to it."

I started to leave but Jan yelled, "No, don't go. Join us. Please. I have this vision of being DP'd by you two. Trey? Would you mind?"

I heard the lock on their stall click open and I stepped out of my stall and into theirs. Trey turned his head and said, "Which end to you want?"

I chuckled and said, "Ladies choice." Trey pulled back out of Jan's pussy and his glistening, black cock had to be at least ten inches long. Jan slowly stood up and turned around to face us. Her skirt was at her waist and her blouse was unbuttoned with her bra pushed up to her neck. Her nipples were rock hard and her face and neck were flushed red.

Jan said, "I'll take Trey in the ass. His cock is too long and he keeps hitting my cervix which wipes out my orgasm every time." She had to talk pretty loud just so she could be heard but her volume trailed off as a guy stepped into the next stall. She grinned at us. She was clearly into being double fucked in the men's room at 'The City' in Cancun, Mexico. She gripped Trey's gooey cock and maneuvered him around her to sit on the toilet. She squatted in front of him and sucked his stiff cock onto her lips and then inch-wormed down his shaft. She tried to tongue his balls but gagged instead. She pulled back up to his glans and jerked on his cock with both hands as she flicked her tongue on his 'spot'. He groaned hard and heaved his cock forward. 

Jan pulled off his cock and turned around and unbuckled my pants and pulled down the zipper. I let my pants slip to the floor and stepped out of them. I hung them on the coat hook on the door. My cock was rock hard before Jan touched it. She gripped it as best she could and ran both hands up and down the shaft several times. She turned back to Trey and maneuvered herself back to sit down on his long rigid pole. He guided her hips back and she reached between her legs to place his glans in the right spot. 

Trey's cock was long but not especially fat. She pushed herself down as Trey pulled down on her hips. She was feeling the pain as evidenced by her gritted teeth. She started to groan and it got louder until Trey's cock pushed past her sphincter. Jan opened her mouth and blew out a breath as she slowly pushed herself down to Trey's balls. She stayed right there for a moment and then lifted up and pushed down a couple times. The mask on her face changed from pain to joy as she fucked Trey's long cock several times. Trey's head fell back as his mouth dropped open.

I thought she had forgotten about me as she groaned her pleasure. Then she opened her eyes and reached for my cock and pulled it to her lips. She stretched her lips from side to side to engulf my glans in her mouth. Trey assisted her fucking motion as she pushed her lips down my shaft and continued as my glans pushed into her throat. She throat fucked me for a few strokes before she pulled back up the shaft. As I had experienced before, Jan was an excellent cock-sucker. She watched my face contort into a mask of pleasure as she smiled around my cock. Then she pulled back and said, "Fuck me Hunter."

As I lowered myself to my knees, Jan held onto my saliva slick cock and guided it to her pussy. The height of the toilet wasn't perfect but it was acceptable and my cock slid into her already dripping wet pussy. I could feel Trey's cock as I pushed in. He groaned from the additional pressure. Jan's mouth fell open in a silent scream as her eyes went wide until I was fully buried in her sex. Her lips came together to form the words, "Holy Fuck," and then they parted again. She was breathing very hard in near gasps. 

I was the only one completely free to move. Trey's legs were spread wide and Jan's legs were inside of his so her feet touched the floor. She was able to push herself up and let herself down again and she did that until she became too tired to continue. I started pivoting my hips driving my cock in and out of her pussy. She was pretty tight with her legs closed and Trey's cock made it even tighter. I lifted Jan up by her waist to allow Trey to pivot his hips up into her ass. This was working for her as she flailed her head from side to side. Her eyes were open but I didn't think she was seeing anything. 
