 As sure as I was that we would be spending much of the flight across the Atlantic Ocean having Honeymoon sex, it didn't happen. Alexis had that sultry look on her face as we went to the aft cabin on the jet. We undressed each other slowly and sensuously and collapsed in a heap on the bed in a passionate kiss. That kiss dwindled slowly and we both fell asleep with our lips pressed together with her body lying on top of mine. We woke later and pulled ourselves under the covers and drifted back to sleep. My last words were, "Good night Mrs. West. I love you." Alexis giggled, kissed me again and the drone of the engines disappeared into our dreams.

I woke with a start. I wasn't sure where I was. The dream I had been in rapidly dissolved into fragments. Sun was streaming into our compartment. We hadn't thought to pull down the window shades. I checked my watch to see what time it was. It read 5:08 AM. I chuckled to myself. It didn't matter what time I went to bed. I always woke up at five in the morning. As I came to full consciousness, I applied the time zones and calculated that it was after noon Monaco time. Two and a half hours to go.

I pushed myself to the deck and Alexis moaned as I pulled away from her. She mumbled, "Are we there yet?"

I leaned back over the bed and kissed Alexis on the cheeks and said, "Go back to sleep. We have a couple hours to go." She pursed her lips in an air-kiss and rolled away and curled up in a fetal position as she adjusted her pillow. My morning woody only got harder as I gazed down at her. She started her 'poofing' snore and I smiled to myself. I wrapped my fingers around my swollen member and stroked it a few times. I found the lavatory and discovered that there were two new toothbrushes and a shower to go along with the sink and toilet. The shower took a little figuring out but it didn't take long. I showered and dried off as I stood at the sink with a towel around my waist brushing my teeth.

I pulled my clothes on from last night and quietly made my way into the main compartment. I sat down in an aft facing seat on the starboard side of the aircraft and looked out the window. The sun was high in the sky. The co-pilot had been correct. Even now, there wasn't much to see except the dark blue Atlantic Ocean. 

The pilot appeared with a "Good morning," as he moved to a small alcove behind the cockpit bulkhead. He looked over at me and said, "Would you like Eggs and Bacon?" My stomach growled immediately and I nodded vigorously. The pilot pulled a plastic wrapped Styrofoam tray out of a refrigerator and pushed it into what was probably a microwave oven.

I was surprised at how delicious the eggs and bacon were and I wolfed them down. The pilot repeated his actions for himself and sat down in front of me in a front facing seat and unwrapped his breakfast. Between bites he said, "The jet stream has been good to us. We should be arriving nearly an hour earlier than planned at 1:40 PM. I contacted "Monicair" to let them know of our early arrival so they can have your charter helicopter to Monte Carlo ready. I nodded as I finished my last bite. I wasn't even aware that we had a chartered helicopter to take us from the Cote d'Azur Airport to Monte Carlo. I was still thinking in my old life; we would take the bus. I wasn't sure how Alexis would react to the Helicopter ride. She didn't do well with heights.

Alexis appeared from the bedroom with bed-head. Her beautiful hairdo from yesterday was totally destroyed. She saw the pilot sitting facing me and she quickly retreated back to the bedroom hoping that no one had seen her looking so disheveled. I had only caught a quick glimpse. She was still heart-stoppingly beautiful as far as I was concerned.

After the pilot returned to the flight-deck, I checked on Alexis. She had figured out the shower. With a half-hour to landing, she sat down beside my seat in the main cabin and leaned over and kissed me. She saw my Styrofoam breakfast container and ask where that came from. I got up and opened the refrigerator and examined the contents. I pulled out a fruit cup and Alexis' eyes lit up as she grinned, "That's perfect."

As we stepped down the forward stairs of the Gulfstream jet, our luggage was being pulled from a compartment under the plane. The pilot and co-pilot came over and pointed to a helicopter with its blades lazily rotating. The pilot explained that the jet would be returning to home base and if we would like to fly somewhere else, to have our assistant call and make the arrangements. We shook their hands and headed toward the helicopter with a porter on our heels pushing a cart loaded with luggage. I didn't think we even owned enough clothes to be carrying that much luggage.

As we approached the helicopter the rotors continued to lazily rotate. I was excited. Alexis was clearly not. Before we were close enough to be under the rotating blades, Alexis stopped short and looked up as each blade swung past. I pulled her to me and wrapped my arms around her. The noise was increasing and she had to nearly yell, "Do we have to get on that thing?"

I bent and kissed her on the lips and yelled back, "You can sit in the middle. You'll be alright. The pilot said it's only a seven minute ride to Monte Carlo. Close your eyes if you can't look." She hesitated and then nodded her head into my chest. I helped her aboard and she quickly moved to the middle. I was assisted to my seat and as soon as the door slammed shut the engine began spooling up and the blades above started spinning faster and they soon became a gray blur. Alexis closed her eyes. I put a set of headphones over her damp hair and she adjusted them into place but she didn't open her eyes.

As we flew out over the coastline the view was spectacular. I took out my cell phone and began taking video. Alexis may not want to watch it live but she will be thrilled to see it on screen. Along the coastline, everything was built on a cliff sprawling into the ocean. I got a shot of Alexis' grimacing face in the foreground as we passed Cap Ferrat. Monte Carlo was incredible - the palace, the marina - amazing. I nudged Alexis and told her she should look but she wouldn't. She had a terrified look on her face and her right hand gripped my left arm like a vice. Every time the helicopter banked to change course Alexis flinched and her grip increased to the point of pain. I ignored it. Whatever gave her a sense of safety was okay with me.

We landed at the Monte Carlo Heliport and the blades immediately began spooling down. I unbuckled our seatbelts as a member of the ground crew opened the door and offered his hand for assistance. I took it and stepped down and then noticed that Alexis had one eye open as she moved toward the door. A long black limo pulled up right beside the helicopter and the driver jumped out and assisted the porter loading the luggage in the trunk. Once Alexis' feet were on the ground she walked a little rubber legged to the limo. The driver gave me his card and said that he would be available at any time.

In minutes we were at our Hotel in the center of Monte Carlo. It was the Hotel de Paris. It stood eight stories tall and was easily the most ornately decorated outside of a building I had ever seen. Inside it was even more spectacular. The lobby was majestic. Low relief sculptures, marble colonnades and crystal chandeliers combine to create a sense of awe-inspiring solemnity. We checked in and I was actually surprised that they were expecting us as Mr. and Mrs. West. Alexis continued to smile every time she heard someone say that. I wasn't used to this level of luxury. From the look on Alexis' face, she wasn't either. We were gawking everywhere as a bellhop, or whatever they called them here, led us to the elevator and up to our sixth floor suite. A sign on the door read, "Diamond Suite".

The suite was slightly less elegant than the lobby but the views out over the Monte Carlo harbor were amazing. There was a flotilla of yachts congregating as they made their way to and from the Marina to our right. Some of the yachts were the size of a US Navy destroyer. The Bellhop showed us around our two bedroom suite. We both were in awe of the various rooms. The ceilings were at least twelve feet high with sconces on every wall except the wall facing the ocean which had nearly floor to ceiling windows and doors out on to a spacious balcony with ornate filigree wrought iron railings.

I tipped the bellhop and he left. We picked which bedroom we wanted based on the view. It was a tough choice. The doorbell rang and it was a different bellhop with our luggage. I tipped him and we were alone. We scouted out the rooms again on our own and then flopped down on an elegant Chaise Lounge on the balcony and cuddled up together. We sat there watching the yachts.

Alexis sat on the Chaise Lounge between my spread thighs and leaned back against me. Her perfume was driving me crazy as I kissed her lightly on the back of her head. She made a kiss noise and then thought that wasn't good enough so she tipped her head back and turned her face toward me and offered her pursed lips and I leaned forward and kissed her again. I felt that feeling in my groin and I kissed her a little more passionately. She responded and turned around to face me. Her legs tucked into my hips as her arms went around my neck. She leaned in and kissed me hard. In seconds, it was a free-for-all of kissing lips as we both searched for new places to kiss. In my passion, I went for her neck and Alexis pulled back moaning, "AAAHHHHH." Her eyes were closed and her lips limply fell open. She rolled her head away like always and I flicked my tongue across her neck and she moaned again.

I didn't even realize that she was unbuttoning my shirts and then she was unbuttoning her own. We were mauling each other by the time she finished. She frantically pulled off her shirt. She was braless and I expected that she was probably going commando too. She had hiked up her tight leather skirt to enable her to spread her legs wide enough to sit on my lap. My hands went to her breasts and caressed them. Her nipples were rock hard and I couldn't resist tweaking them with my fingertips. She shuddered from my touch. 

She lifted herself up off my lap and maneuvered her skirt up to her waist. My guess was correct. She was wearing no panties and she was sopping wet. She dipped her left hand between her thighs and curled her fingers into her vagina. She moaned instantly as she writhed around in my lap. Her eyes were open but unseeing. Her mouth formed an "O" as she continued to moan. I smiled at her but I was sure it didn't register. She was rocking her hips on my lap as she worked her fingers along the edges of her labia and across her clitoris. 

I glanced past her to see if anyone had an opportunity to be watching us. A helicopter passed well out over the harbor and disappeared to our south. 

My concentration was snatched back as Alexis lifted herself above my lap and began fussing with my belt and pants. She had to abandon her finger-ride to release my belt and unfasten my pants. When the zipper came down, my cock sprang to a vertical position and bobbed up and down a few times. I could see that my pants were already wet from her pussy so it didn't matter now that she didn't bother to let me pull them down. 

Alexis was gasping for oxygen as she wrapped her fingers of both hands around my granite hard cock. She was in-heat and she wanted it NOW. She pulled my cock toward her pussy and then slowly dropped herself to the glans and after a few twists of her hips settled down slowly to my balls. Air seethed out through her clenched teeth until she hit bottom. Then her mouth opened again and she groaned as she pulled in a lung full of air.

She used her thighs to fuck herself on my cock. Her chest heaved forward and back as her hips counter moved back and forward. I put my hands to her waist to assist her motion and she put her hands on my wrists and used them as leverage to push her torso up. She was grinding her hips as she rocked and I could feel my balls tighten up in anticipation of my orgasm. I held it back as I concentrated on getting Alexis off first.

Alexis was oblivious to her surroundings. The only thing that mattered to her was her sex grinding on mine. I was trying desperately not to be concentrating on such things but her grinding hips made it near impossible. I was groaning. She was groaning and then her face changed and she screamed out, "OH MY GAAWWDDD BABY. HEEERREEE ITTTT CCOOOOOMMESS." Her hips fired hard slamming her pussy hard onto my cock. She flinched slightly, pulled back and slammed herself forward again. I was timing her surges forward and I lifted my hips to match her rhythm. I felt her pussy clenching hard on my cock and I let myself go with a loud groan, "OH FUCK. YES." 

Alexis' eyes flashed open and she let out a silent scream as she felt my cock harden followed immediately by cum surging up my shaft and into her sex. She renewed her attack and began flailing her hips on and off my firing cock as she gritted her teeth with her lips parted. Her pussy continued to pulse well after I finished depositing my load. She bent her body down and pushed her forehead into my chest as she gasped for air. She didn't move except to breath heavily. I ran my hands up from her waist and cradled her tits. I was breathing just as hard as my chest lifted her head with each surge of my lungs.

Alexis trembled a few times and I pulled her down on my chest. This lifted her hips and my softening cock nearly came out of her. She maneuvered her legs to my thighs and settled her hips back down on my cock. She squirmed from side to side to find a comfortable position and then cuddled her face into my neck and shoulder. I draped my hands over her ass-cheeks and pulled her down hard on my cock. She groaned into my neck and kissed me there and mumbled, "You need a shave." I chuckled and pulled her down hard on my cock and she groaned again. She mumbled again, "Watch it there buster. Remember, we are on our Honeymoon. If you want to see anything other than my tits while we are here, you'd better knock it off."

I set my chin down on her head and said, "Your tits are the best thing I'm going to see in Monte Carlo." I kissed her head and she giggled and kissed my neck again. I didn't pull her down again and we just stayed there for several minutes wrapped up in ourselves. 

Alexis made the first move as she pushed herself up and rolled off me and the chair. The crotch of my pants was soaking wet from our combined juices. She giggled when she saw it. She pulled her leather skirt down over her ass and picked up her shirt. I pushed my flaccid cock into my pants and zipped up. I left my shirt unbuttoned and we moved inside. We couldn't help but again gawk at the incredible opulence. 

After a quick shower, Alexis unpacked our numerous bags while I lay on the bed in the hotel's fluffy terry-cloth robe watching her work. Her robe frequently parted exposing her breasts. You would think that after a year, I would be inured to her body, but I still couldn't get enough of her. She would catch me looking at her exposed breasts and playfully snatch the robe together and say, "Pig," and then giggle. 

The sun was getting low in the western sky as Alexis finished up her task. Blinding light streamed in through the floor to ceiling windows and doors. The convoy of yachts heading for the Marina from points north was silhouetted against the dazzling sparkle of reflected light off the ocean. It was definitely a "Kodak Moment". I decided to enhance the shot by positioning a naked Alexis in her stilettos in the doorway to be silhouetted. I took several shots from the edge of the bed. Her purely shaped curves were erotic as she cocked her hips with her hands above her head holding on to the door-frame. She had turned slightly to show the contours of one breast as she raised her face, framed by her extended arms, as if luxuriating in the sunlight. 

I showed her the pictures on my cell phone and she grinned up at me and said, "The composition is wonderful. Blast a copy home to Mom and Dee." I pressed a few buttons and nodded to her as she spread my robe and pulled her naked body to mine. We kissed gently, which became more urgent.

An hour later we pulled ourselves to a sitting position on the Oriental Carpet and rested my back to the frame of the bed and Alexis sitting between my spread thighs resting her back on my chest. We were gasping for air again as I gently caressed her breasts avoiding her nipples. The sun was approaching the western horizon. It was bright red and it seemed to be much larger than usual. We could look right at it and not be blinded. The sky was an amazing color of blue with a few clouds dappled in multiple shades of gold, orange, yellow and red. As the sun dropped into the sea, the colors changed constantly. It was an incredible sight see. As if not to disrupt the spectacle before us, Alexis whispered, "Beautiful." I leaned forward and kissed her on the back of the neck being careful not to set her off again. It was almost nine-thirty before the clouds went purple and then dark gray. Lights were coming on all over Monte Carlo.

We put on our robes again and went to the balcony railing to witness Monte Carlo getting dark. It was another amazing sight to see and I retrieved my cell-phone to take more pictures. Yachts continued into the Marina as mast-head and running lights revealed their positions.

I dressed for dinner in clothes comparable to what I had seen on the street driving in from the heliport. Alexis went one step further and when she appeared from the bathroom, it was like time stood still. She grinned at my reaction as I pushed my burgeoning cock to a more comfortable position. She was stunning. She came into my arms and whispered, "I can't do a thing with my hair. I noticed a salon downstairs. We should do the Spa while we're here." I smiled and nodded. I was starving and we decided on the Hotel restaurant. I called the concierge and asked for reservations for Le Grill. We would start our quest of city sights tomorrow. Right then, the sight in front of me was all I wanted to see. The phone trilled and we were all set.

When we got off the elevator on the rooftop restaurant, it was open to the stars; the ceiling had been rolled back. It was a beautiful night. The nighttime views of Monte Carlo were breathtaking. We were led to our table by the Maitre d' and as anyone would expect in France, everyone stopped what they were doing and stared slack-jawed at Alexis as she went by. I was amused. Alexis was fully aware of the stares and she reddened with embarrassment at the attention. She deserved the stares. There wasn't a single woman around close to her beauty.

It was after 10:00 PM and activities around the city seemed to be just getting going. Our body clocks told us it was 3:00 PM. It had been recommended that we get onto the local time as soon as possible to avoid the jet lag. So, it would be dinner and back to the room. 

The brochure read that the cuisine in "Le Grill" was 'reinterpreted Mediterranean gourmet'. I had no idea what that meant neither before nor after we ate there, but the food was delicious. 

We stood on our balcony watching the twinkling lights of the city and Marina and even out in the harbor. There seemed to be more people out and about on the streets below than when we arrived. We were both naked and I held Alexis' back to me as I draped my arms across her shoulders and down her front. She cuddled back into me. We had turned the lights of our suite off. I said, "What a spectacular sight Mrs. West." She giggled and kissed me on my right bicep and then turned around in my arms to face me. She pressed her erect nipples to my chest and stretched up for a kiss. I bent to accommodate her. It was a gentle, tender kiss that lingered and then quickly turned urgent and moments later we were mauling each other again. My rigid cock lifted hard against her tummy and she reached down to push it to the side so it could achieve equilibrium between my stomach and hers. Her arms went back around my neck as I maneuvered her off the balcony to our bed. I leaned over and pulled the bedding down as she took her opportunity to kiss my neck. I could feel a twinge in my cock but it didn't have near the same effect as it did on her. 
