 It was a good thing I had set the alarm on my cell phone. We were both sound asleep when it went off. At some point we had switched positions and she was spooned up behind me with her face pressed to my shoulder. I reached for the phone as she rolled away onto her back. It was 5:45 PM. We had fifteen minutes and it seemed that we would need every minute to just fully wake up.

Alexis sat up and pushed herself back against the head board as she ran her fingers through her hair and then cradled her face in her hands. I groaned and swung my feet out to the floor. My flaccid cock was stuck to my thigh. I pulled it free and headed for the bathroom. I turned on the shower and stepped inside avoiding the water until it had warmed up to temperature. As I stepped under the shower head Alexis opened the glass door and stepped in behind me. She wrapped her arms around my chest and pressed her face to my shoulder blades and just held me like that as I shampooed my hair. I rinsed and turned to face Alexis. She kept her arms around me and now her face rested against my chest. I grabbed the shower gel and lathered Alexis' back. My soapy hands moved down from her shoulders to the small of her back and then up the slope of her ass to her little dimple at the top of her butt-crack. My cock reacted just like it always did when I caressed Alexis' ass. She moaned as I ran my fingertips down her crack and across her butt-cheeks to her hips. She shuddered like she was cold and she cuddled deeper into me.

Alexis felt my cock lift and she reached down and cradled it in one hand as the other manipulated my balls. She kissed each of my nipples which hardened instantly. I could feel her hardened nipples pressing against my ribs. I kissed the top of her head and then we got down to business. I washed her from head to toe with only a little teasing of critical parts and she did the same. We dried each other off and retreated in our robes to the bedroom. I picked up the room phone and dialed Room Service at exactly 6:00 PM. I ordered a chicken burger with fries and a chocolate shake. It was my best guess of what Maria would like to eat.

Even with Alexis' sun burn I could tell that she was flushed with sexual anticipation. We both had our robes on but neither of us had tied them closed. I could see that Alexis' pussy was dripping wet. She noticed that I was looking and she grinned at me. My cock was at half-mast as I waited.

Twenty minutes after the order was placed came a soft knock on the door. Alexis grinned at me and I opened the door. Maria stood there holding a tray with our order. She was breathing rapidly like she had run up the three flights of stairs. She spoke like her throat had seized up as she croaked out, "Room Service." I opened the door wide and Maria came into the room. She was unsteady on her legs as she walked to the bar and set the tray down and took a deep breath as she released the tray and grabbed the edge of the bar. 

I could tell that she was freaking out. She obviously didn't do this often. I moved in behind her and put my hands on her shoulders and she jumped a foot and gasped in a breath of air. I didn't pull back and she settled down quickly. I leaned down and nuzzled my lips over her right ear and clamped my lips to her earlobe before kissing her lightly on the neck. Maria emitted a whimpering moan and pushed her body back into mine and tipped her head to the side to grant me full access to her neck. She muttered, "Oh my God. Every nerve is on fire."

I ran my hands to the tips of her shoulders and down her arms. Goosebumps formed as I went and she groaned again. I was afraid she would hyperventilate. She reached behind her and found my granite hard cock sticking out of my robe against her lower back. Until that moment, I wasn't sure if she would run from the room or not.

Alexis and I had agreed on a plan and I was following it. I pulled my hands back and ran them down her side to her waist. She shuddered again as she wrapped her fingers as far around my cock as she could and started to slowly jerk me off. Her hips were pressed forward against the bar and I had no access to her sex so I started to unbutton her dress from the lowest available button working upward. When I had unfastened the top button and pulled back her dress I discovered that she was braless. I gently cradled her breasts in my palms and ran my fingertips slowly and gently around her nipples. They were already extremely hard and long. She was trembling as I released her breasts and lightly palmed her nipples and her head rocked back to rest on my shoulder. She muttered, "Oh fuck. I'm actually going to do this."

I peeled her uniform off her shoulders as I kissed her neck again. She reacted the same way Alexis does. She groaned and rolled her head away from mine. She leaned back into me and let her uniform drop to the floor. Other than her heels, she was naked. She dragged my rock hard cock across her ass and pushed it down toward her sex. She made it clear that she wanted me to take her standing right there at the bar. She was muttering in Spanish so I had no idea what she was saying. 

Alexis had come around to the other side of the bar so she could see. She was furiously finger-fucking herself. As I was lowering myself to position my cock to fuck Maria in a standing doggy-style, Alexis couldn't stand it anymore and she abandoned the plan and crawled up on the bar and swung her legs over the front, dislodging Maria's grip on the edge of the bar. Maria opened her eyes to see what was going on just as I pushed my cock upward into her pussy. She tensed and groaned as she grabbed the bar again on the outside of Alexis' legs.

The angle of my penetration was forcing Maria to bend forward and the fact that Alexis' wet pussy was right there in front of her encouraged her to push her face into Alexis' sex. Alexis put her arms behind her and braced herself as Maria attacked her clitoris which pulled a loud groan from Alexis. I grabbed Maria's hips and proceeded to push my cock into her, slowly at first and then more quickly which brought Maria up out of Alexis' pussy so she could let out a soft scream. Maria went right back down again and I fucked her with long penetrating strokes. She groaned into Alexis' pussy on every penetration.

Maria braced her body against the bar and raised her hands to caress Alexis' breasts. Alexis moaned from the contact and pressed her own hands to cover Maria's. It wasn't long before Maria's body began to tense as her muscles twitched and spasmed. Her legs went spongy and she locked her knees in an attempt to remain standing. I knew she was about to orgasm and so did Alexis as she looked at me with a grin on her face. Then the grin was gone and the look that replaced it told me that Alexis was about to blow too. I hurried my pace in an attempt to cum with them.

Maria exploded into her orgasm which pulled her head out of Alexis' pussy but not before Alexis let out a loud groan and began bouncing her ass around on the bar as her orgasm gripped her. Maria was slamming herself back on my cock as she shuddered through her orgasm. Her torso collapsed again and her face dropped back into Alexis' sex. She didn't do anything until she recovered from her orgasm and then she resumed her attack on Alexis' pussy as I slammed my cock deep into her pussy. I could feel cum boiling in my balls and I gritted my teeth and drove my cock deep with each long bolt of cum. Maria came back out of Alexis' pussy to groan hard with each surge of my cock.

My legs were about to give out because of how far I had to lower myself. I pulled my cock from her and stood up and flexed my legs. Cum drooled down Maria's thighs but she was busy in Alexis' pussy and either didn't notice or didn't care. I went to the bathroom and came back with a wet facecloth and a towel. Alexis was groaning through another orgasm when I got back. She was whimpering as she bounced all over the bar again. Maria wouldn't release her until Alexis started to settle down.

Maria turned around to face me and noticed that my cock was still as hard as ever. She reached down and squeezed it and said, "Does that thing ever get soft?"

Alexis burst out laughing behind Maria. "It will but not right now. Come on, let's share him." Maria looked back at Alexis and grinned as she looked back down at my bouncing cock. Alexis pushed herself forward and jumped down off the bar and stripped off her robe. She grabbed the towel and dried herself off and then squatted down and ran the towel up Maria's legs. Maria spread her legs to facilitate Alexis' efforts.

Alexis grabbed onto my cock and lead me over to the sofa. She spread the towel on the cushions and pushed me down on it. Alexis went down to her knees on the outside of my left knee and Maria did the same on the right side. Maria didn't have to be told what Alexis' plan was. She immediately grabbed my gooey cock and ran her lips down the outside length of my cock, flicking her tongue as she went. Alexis grinned at me and then did the same thing on the other side. They got in a rhythm as they both flicked their tongues along the underside as they went back and forth playing my cock like a double harmonica.

They both pulled their lips back and leaned their faces over the top of my cock and kissed each other passionately before resuming their actions on my cock. Then Alexis pulled back and guided my glans to her lips and pushed herself on and slid my cock deep into her throat. Maria's eyes went wide as she watched Alexis throat fuck my cock. She muttered, "Santa Madre de Dios." I chuckled because I knew what she had said.

Alexis knew I wasn't going to last long if she kept doing her throat-job so she pulled off my cock and guided it to Maria. She spit on the head and struggled to get her lips around the glans. She finally succeeded and pushed her distended lips about half way down my shaft before she gagged and pulled back to the glans. A huge saliva bubble blew out of her nose and she pulled off with an embarrassed look on her face. Alexis giggled and said, "No biggy. That happens to me all the time." Maria giggled and pushed her lips back on my glans and bobbed her head up and down being careful not to go too deep as she double fisted the bottom half. 

I was just about to blow when she pulled up and off my cock. Alexis pulled her up and guided Maria back onto the sofa. She positioned her legs so she was straddling my lap facing away from me in a reverse cow-girl position. Her feet were tucked into the back of the sofa cushions and her knees where pressed in close to my hips. Alexis held my hard cock so Maria could slide onto it. We both groaned hard as she slid her pussy to the fattest part of my cock and stopped. Alexis smiled at the look on Maria's face as she struggled with the thickness. Then she slowly dropped her weight onto my cock and stopped at the bottom.

Alexis was on her knees sitting on her feet and she couldn't resist pushing her face into Maria's sex to flick her tongue on Maria's swollen clitoris as she sat unmoving on my cock. Maria let out a blood curdling screech at the touch of Alexis' tongue and she involuntarily surged up my cock and screeched again as she grabbed Alexis' head and held it to her sex. I rocked my hips back and pushed my cock in as I rocked forward. Maria was groaning non-stop from our combined action. It wasn't long before she whimpered into another orgasm. I could feel her pussy clenching hard on me as I pushed in and out of her while Alexis worked her clitoris. 

I spread my fingers over her tits and caressed them as Maria started muttering in Spanish again. A full body shudder went through her as another orgasm washed over her. Alexis giggled as she watched Maria's pussy clenching on my cock. I kept driving my cock in and out until she recovered from her orgasm and then Alexis stood up and pulled Maria off my cock as she said, "Come on; let's finish him off."

They both moved to their knees again and Maria started sucking on my cock for a minute or so before she pulled herself off and aimed it at Alexis. Alexis slid her lips down my shaft and licked my balls at the bottom. She gave her best throat-job and I was groaning non-stop. Maria watched Alexis and marveled that she could deep-throat my cock like that. When Maria got it back, she tried to go deeper and then gagged and coughed up a huge wad of saliva, which she collected in her hand and stroked it up and down my shaft. Then Maria tried something new. She pushed my glans into her mouth and started lashing the ridge and the 'spot' just under the glans. She pulled off and flexed her index finger quickly over the spot. The sensation was amazing. Alexis looked at my face and grinned as she recognized that I was about to blow.

Maria pointed my cock back to Alexis but she knew what was about to happen so she motioned for Maria to keep going. Maria grinned at Alexis and went back to work on my cock. I started groaning and my hips fired forward. I suddenly went rigid and grunted hard as I launched cum up my shaft onto the roof of Maria's mouth. It caught her by surprise but she recovered quickly. She wasn't prepared for the sheer quantity and Alexis smiled at Maria as she was about to find out. 

Initially, Maria thought she was doing fine but she quickly realized that she was falling behind and her eyes went wide and she was forced to pull off. Alexis had leaned forward to prepare for collecting the rest of my load. One shot got Maria in the face before Alexis could get her lips to my glans. Maria fell back away to avoid getting blasted in the face again. Then she grinned as she realized that Alexis had saved the day.

Maria had swallowed the cum that she had caught but Alexis didn't and she was getting concerned that she wasn't going to be able to contain it all as I kept on cumming. Her eyes went wide until she was sure I was done. Then she smiled around my cock and pulled her head back. She pushed a mouthful of cum out onto her lips and ran her tongue around in it and then sucked it back in. Maria grinned at Alexis' antics and when she did it again, Maria moved in and kissed cum from her lips. They both swallowed and then Alexis and Maria kissed.

I sat back and watched Maria and Alexis kissing. Their kisses weren't in any way passionate and neither of them was about to get going again. They just caressed each other's lips and then they hugged each other before breaking their embrace. Maria pushed herself to her feet and retrieved her uniform. She stepped into it and pulled it up over her shoulders. She buttoned up and came over and pulled Alexis up from the floor and they hugged and kissed again. Maria dropped down into my lap and threw her arms around my neck and kissed me several times. She got out of my lap and she and Alexis went to the door hand in hand. They spoke at the door and then she was gone. The chicken burger and fries were still on the bar. It was supposed to be for Maria. I picked up the burger and took a bite. It was cold but it tasted good. The fries were too cold to eat.

Alexis grabbed her robe and pulled it on as she sat down beside me at the bar and said, "Well, that was fun," as she broke into a huge grin. "What do you want to do on our last night? Stay in or go out? We don't have much time if we're going out."

I thought about it for a moment and said, "I guess we really should go out on our last night, but I bet we could entertain ourselves right here." I reached over and tweaked a nipple that had become exposed by her partially open robe.

Alexis giggled and pulled her robe shut. "We can do that any time. Let's enjoy Cancun for one more night. I'll call the others." I was still sitting at the bar when Alexis came back after making her calls. She looked down and said, "Bad news. Bryce, Trey and Nam left with the rest of their teammates an hour ago. Nina, Jan and Yu-Gin sound pretty depressed. They all want to go out though. A distraction, I guess. Dean and Josie and the others will meet us in the lobby at 8:30." She checked my watch and said, "Shit. I'd better get going."

I followed her to the bathroom and we took a quick shower at a much cooler temperature because our normal hot water was painful on our sunburns.

We applied another dose of aloe gel to each other and Alexis started giggling as she remembered what happened the last time I applied aloe to her. I was ready in fifteen minutes and sat in the living room reading the US Today newspaper. Alexis appeared in a new outfit. It was pretty sexy. The top was a coral colored silk with spaghetti straps. It draped just below her breasts exposing much of her toned and sunburned mid-section. She wore a very sparkly gem in her naval. She had never done that before. Her tight skirt hung low on her hips exposing even more skin. She had a new pair of five inch stilettos which she drove into the carpet as she cat-walked across the living room to model for me. Her aqua-blue eyes popped with her makeup. She'd added a bright red lip-gloss that complimented her wavy, sun-streaked blonde hair. My cock hardened in my cargo shorts.

Alexis giggled when she saw the crotch of my shorts lift. "You'd better keep that thing ready tonight. The girls may need it." It was time to go and Alexis took my arm and the gang was all there when we exited the elevator. Rather than make last minute reservations through Ramon, we opted for the Tatish International Buffet. Dean liked that idea; he could fix himself a plate with as much food as he wanted. The tables were outside and it was a gorgeous evening. You could hear the partying continuing on the other side of the hotel. We took our seats and a waiter was there instantly. I looked across the table at the sullen looks on Jan, Yu-Gin and Nina's faces. They were quiet as they just stared at their hands in their laps. Dean and Josie conversed with Alexis and me.

I made my drink order and while the others gave theirs I got up and went back inside to find Ramon. I had a request and as always he was on top of it. I went back to our table. The waiter was gone. I set my cell phone on the table. I was expecting a text from Ramon. Alexis gave me a look and whispered, "What are you up to?" I just smiled at her as the waiter returned with our drinks. Dean and I had ordered Coronas. Alexis and Josie ordered Rum Punches and the others were apparently going to drown their sorrows in booze as they each ordered "Long Island Iced Teas". I don't even know if you can order those in the States anymore.

Dean toasted to friendship and Cancun and we all took a hit off our drinks. My cell phone pinged and I smiled as I read the text message from Ramon. I put my cell phone away as Alexis was trying to get a look at the text. I grinned at her and said, "Ladies - not you Dean - I have a surprise for you." They all stopped their conversations and looked at me. "I have booked spa body and beauty sessions for all of you tomorrow at 9:00 AM. Ramon had to work his magic so you could all be together. Dean and I are going jet-skiing while you girls have your hen-party.

Alexis chastised me for the 'hen-party' comment but she leaned over and kissed me. Yu-Gin came alive and confessed that she had been to a spa when she lived in South Korea but that was many years ago. Josie, Nina and Jan were all abuzz because they had never even had a massage before. I smiled as they seemed to be coming out of their funk. Whether it was the news or the booze, I didn't care.

We talked a little about what we wanted to do tonight and the consensus was that we should just go into the Resort's seven lounges and we would start with the Coyote Loco. We had a couple drinks and then got up and made our plates at the buffet and returned to another round of drinks. Nina, Jan and Yu-Gin were apparently feeling better. They had switched to Rum Punch. Alexis noticed the change and she stretched up and kissed me on the lips and whispered, "You're a genius," as she reached below the table and pinched my cock through my pants. She grinned at me as she felt the response. She kissed me again and then pushed her lips up to my ear and nibbled my earlobe and then whispered, "I'm inviting Jan, Nina and Yu-Gin to join us in our suite tonight. They're missing their guys." It was my turn to grin at her.
