 The windows in our beach front Suites had no glass, only angled slats to provide visual privacy, but no audio privacy. We passed Suite 9 first on our way to our Suite 1. Muted moans and groans came from Suite 9. Alexis said, "Fiona and Sylvia were assigned to the Jasmine Suite." We couldn't tell if the sounds were coming from them or not.

We continued down the line of bungalows to Suite 8, the Oleander Suite. Jan's, Yu-Gin's and Nina's shrieks had become second nature to me. They had apparently brought home a few guys from the pool. Interspersed with the shrieks and feminine groans and moans were deeper toned, male groans. I wanted to keep going but Alexis angled toward their porch and opened their front door. I followed behind.

In the central living room was Yu-Gin and Jan on their knees with their faces buried in the seat cushion of chairs as two guys were on their knees behind them drilling their cocks into their pussies. From the angles, it looked like Yu-Gin was getting butt-fucked and Jan was getting fucked in her vagina. Nina was kneeling on the floor in front of a guy sitting on the very edge of his chair flailing his cock up and down between Nina's tits. She was holding her tits in place with her left hand and arm with her right hand underneath them gripping the guy's cock. She noticed us standing in the doorway and invited us to join them. We stayed where we were. Nina tucked her chin as low as she could; trying to catch the guy's knob every time it came up into her cleavage. All she could do was lap her tongue across his glans as it came into view. He was furiously driving his hips up and down as Nina knelt there unmoving.

As we backed through the open front door onto the porch, we heard Jan scream and yell out, "YES. OH FUCK YES. I'M CUMMMINNNNGGGGG." We continued toward our Suite and even though we skirted each Bungalow pretty close to listen; we didn't hear noises coming from any other Suite. We sat down on the porch swing together and Alexis cuddled into me with her head on my chest and shoulder. We just sat there enjoying the tranquility. Even though today had started with a 'bang', so to speak and has been pretty wild since; we would discover that tomorrow would be a scheduled whirlwind of activities planned by Emma and the Wedding Planner.

Tonight, after a nice meal in one of the resorts several top notch restaurants, we would see the shows. We had ranted about the great time we had back in January. The shows were funny, sexy and entertaining and they were the same as before. We stayed out of the lime-light this time and found it kind of boring. We were glad the others seemed to be enjoying them but we decided to turn in early.

I woke in the pitch black darkness. I couldn't see a hand in front of my face. I felt around for my watch on the nightstand. It was 1:22 AM. With a warm breeze blowing through the window slats, I could hear faint sounds of sex coming from pretty close. I listened for a while and finally words were spoken and I recognized my parent's voices over the soft susarration of the surf at low tide, and then came the moans and groans again.

I wasn't very familiar with my parent' sex sounds. I had heard them having sex only one time, when I was about twelve. It was in the middle of the night. By that age, I had been setting what I figured had to be world masturbation records and in spite of the fact that the sounds were coming from my parents I had kicked back the covers and was furiously jerking myself off into a wad of paper towels. My sperm loads had always been huge and paper towels made it much less messy than tissues.

I chuckled to myself when I remembered back to that night. I had been jerking on my cock so hard that my headboard was banging rhythmically on the wall and I was so engrossed in what I was doing that I didn't notice. Thia did though and she started banging on our adjoining wall. I didn't notice that noise either at first. Then Thia, who was eighteen yelled, "Hunter, quit jerking off. I'm trying to sleep here." I instantly stopped. I could feel the heat in my face from the embarrassment of getting caught. Mom and Dad must have heard Thia yell out because the sounds from their room went silent too. With much less vigorous action, I finished myself off that night and I never heard my parents engaged in sex with each other again until right now.

Then I heard Thia's voice, "Give me that tongue Daddy." I chuckled to myself. That was a surprise but not a shock by any means. Dad was apparently tongue-fucking Thia while he was cock-fucking Mom. He was probably on his back with Mom riding cowgirl or even reverse cowgirl with Thia straddling his head. There were many other possibilities but my mind conjured up that scenario and my cock lifted as I envisioned the scene.

I heard Mom's voice on the breeze yell out, "I'm cumming. Give it to me Jack." Then Thia's higher pitched voice yelled out, "Oh God. Me too." If Dad made any noise, it was muffled by the surf, the breeze and Thia's pussy riding his face. It was completely quiet after that and I drifted back to sleep with my hard cock in my right hand.

I woke again at 5:33 AM. My right hand was on my morning woody. I doubted that my cock had stayed hard all that time. My mind returned to a few hours earlier and I began filling in details. They were assumed details based on the sounds but I have a pretty good imagination and I painted a pretty erotic scene in my head. With one hand behind my head the other lazily jerked on my cock in long full length strokes. I didn't want to wake Alexis.

I was getting pretty close to cumming when I realized that I had nothing to catch my jizz in. I pulled back the bedding and was about to swing my feet to the floor when Alexis' hand grabbed my wrist. I couldn't see her in the dark, but I felt her slide over closer to me as I fell back into my spot. She released my wrist and grabbed my cock and used that as leverage to pull her torso onto my right hip. I could feel her breasts on my skin as suddenly her lips were on my glans. She pushed my hand off and began stroking my cock more vigorously than I had. She wiggled her lips onto my shaft and stopped. Her hand picked up the pace and seconds later I slammed my head back in the pillow and launched my hips upward lifting Alexis along with them. She rode me up and increased the suction on my cock as her hands rapidly slid up and down my shaft.

A loud groan chased the air from my lungs. I gasped air in and groaned again. I felt like I was one mass of clenched muscles as jizz exploded up my shaft into Alexis' mouth. She gagged once and then came a loud swallowing sound. I was replacing her load as fast as she was gulping it down. Finally, I was done and Alexis pulled her mouth off my cock, smacked her lips with her tongue and muttered, "Jesus Christ Baby. That was a load."

I chuckled and pulled her up on my body so I could kiss her. As expected, she had cum on her lips and tongue. I kissed her passionately just the same. She giggled as we broke our embrace. She kissed me on the nose and then rolled away from me and she was softly poofing again in minutes. 

I got up and walked naked out to the front porch and sat down in a rocking chair. I didn't stay there long. I needed a cup of coffee. The Suites had small galley kitchens with a small coffee brewer on the counter. I made a pot. It was only three cups but one was all I needed. I returned to my spot on the porch. The air temperature was still hot and the breeze had died completely. It would be stifling today.

As I sipped the coffee, my mind went to the wedding. I doubted that this singular event would change us any. We loved each other so completely that a ceremony and a piece of paper couldn't possibly increase it and it certainly wouldn't diminish it. I analyzed my thoughts on the subject for several minutes and decided that our marriage would move our relationship into a different plane, whatever that meant. 'Wow, where did that thought come from.' Wherever it had come from, I couldn't shake it. I struggled with it, trying to add flesh to the bones, but I couldn't. I finished my coffee and went back inside to get a refill. A knock came at the open front door. I was startled as Dad spoke. "You're up early. Have you got an extra cup?" Without saying a word, I turned back to the kitchenette and poured the rest of the coffee in a cup and handed it to him as we went back out on the porch. Dad sat on the swing while I resumed my position in the rocking chair. Nothing was said for a long time as we gazed at the incredibly bright stars. The sliver of a moon had set in the west and it was dark. An eerie luminescence lined the shore as small breaking waves thumped on the sand and then shushed back through the sand.

Dad broke the silence. "Thinking about the wedding?"

For several moments I thought about his question and about how to answer it. It was an open ended question that I couldn't interpret as negative or positive. There was no implication in his tone, just a simple question. I took a sip from my cup and said, "Yes. But not in a bad way. I love Alexis desperately. I've wanted to be married to her since our first date. I was just thinking about how this wedding might change our lives, if at all." There was silence between us and I continued, "Dad? You've been married twenty-eight years. What did it mean to you?"

I could barely see his form on the swing but I heard him take a sip from his cup. I began to wonder if he was going to answer my question. Finally, he said, "I guess I think of it this way. What if we didn't get married and just lived together all these years and everything else happened just the way it did happen. I think your mother and I would have been two people making our way through our entwined but separate lives. The marriage made our separate lives one, each of us an integral part of the other. It wasn't each of us living our lives. It was both of us living our life. I couldn't imagine our lives any other way."

A tear broke free from my eyes and rolled down my cheek. I let it go. Dad continued before I could say anything. "I suppose from a technical point of view it's just a piece of paper and a ceremony of celebration among friends and family but they create a binding commitment to each other; first in the eyes of the law and the lord and then in your own minds. It's a growing process. You've been two separate people all your lives. Tomorrow, that will change and you will begin your journey into marriage. It doesn't happen like a switch being thrown with the words "I now pronounce you man and wife". You build it, brick by brick. It's hard work. I'm positive that you and Alexis will have a wonderful life together." He paused for several seconds and then continued, "Sorry. I got to rambling a bit there."

Those were the most substantive and emotional words I had ever heard my dad speak. I wiped my eyes on my wrist hoping that he didn't see me. After a couple minutes of silence between us, Dad stood up and put his cup on the table by his chair and said, "Well, I'd better get back and grab a few more winks. I've got a feeling today is going to be wild." I chuckled and nodded my head. I knew he couldn't see the nod but I was too choked up to respond any other way.

I went back to the bedroom and crawled in beside Alexis. She stirred, moaned and turned away from me. I gently spooned up behind her. In spite of the two cups of coffee I fell asleep for another hour with Dad's words rattling around in a dream.

I woke again with the gray tones of dawn leaking through the window slats. Alexis' face was close to mine. She was awake and just watching me sleep. She had my woody in her right hand but she just held it. She smiled at me when I opened my eyes and said, "I love you." I smiled back and pushed my lips to hers and we kissed each other softly and gently. I pulled her up on top of me and she had to abandon her grip on my woody. We were face to face kissing. Then she pushed herself down so she could rest her head on my chest. She kissed my shoulder as my arms wrapped across her back. My rigid cock dropped between her butt-cheeks and she giggled as it bobbed and slapped back on her ass.

We lay there like that for a while and then Alexis felt nature calling and she rolled off me and ran to the bathroom. I rolled out of bed and went to the galley kitchen to refill the coffee maker. Alexis appeared around the corner and she pressed her body into mine again as I leaned against the counter. She reached around behind me and grabbed my butt-cheeks. She set her chin on my chest and looked up at me. She pinched my ass and grinned, "I love your ass."

I grabbed her butt-cheeks in both hands and said, "I love your ass too." She giggled and rocked her hips forward to press her pubis to my right thigh. Then she started humping my thigh like a dog. She giggled as she felt my cock start to grow.

"AH OH. Now look what I've done," she said. She moved slightly to her left and separated her thighs to allow my rising cock to lift up between them and position itself in the cradle of her labia with my glans poking out under her butt-cheeks. She reached behind her and ran her fingers down over the glans and shaft as far as she could reach. She turned her face to look up at me again and with a coarse, raspy voice whispered, "Lift me up and put me on." The sound of her voice alone told me she was very horny.

Without a word, I put my hands on her waist and lifted her with ease. Alexis was already breathing very rapidly as she lifted her legs to wrap around behind me. I gently dropped her lower and she adjusted her position by rocking hips to feel her way onto my cock. She was soaking wet already and when the positioning was right she rocked her hips forward and slid her pussy onto my cock. She rocked her hips back and forth until she fully engulfed my cock. Her head rolled back on her neck as her mouth fell open in a silent scream. Her head lolled to the side and rolled back to rest her forehead on my shoulder. Her entire body shuddered as a loud groan forced from her throat. I kissed her on her erogenous zone just below her ear. She reacted just as I had hoped she would.

Her hips launched forward and she groaned again and whispered, "Oh my God. You are an evil man," as she fucked my cock. I hadn't moved but I was off in heaven too. Her pussy gripped my cock tightly as she slid on and off as I held her up with my fingers tucked under her butt-cheeks. She was breathing very rapidly as she groaned out every time we pulled ourselves together. I knew she was tiring so I pulled her ass to me as she surged forward.

As my orgasm approached, I picked up the pace with my pulling hands and she knew what that meant. She leaned back away from me and started muttering, "Wait. Wait. Wait," as she renewed her attack. "Wait. Wait. Wait." A mask of taut muscles on her face told me she was going to blow any second. I knew the "Waits" were direction to hold my orgasm back until she was ready and I did my best. "Wait. Wait. OH FUUUUUCK. GOOOOOO." 

Her pussy grabbed my cock and I hurried into my orgasm as my hips entered the action as I slammed them toward her as she continued slamming hers into mine. Our combined orgasms became the center of our universe. No other stimulus was accepted. The rest of the world went away. Everything seemed to go into slow motion. She was staring up at me but I knew she was looking right through me. I loved to see her like this. It didn't happen every time. This was special. I pumped rope after rope of jizz into her and she milked every last one from me and then she collapsed forward on my body. I was still imbedded in her sex as it clenched on my cock for several more minutes. I was done but random shudders coursed through my body.

The rest of the world slowly came back into focus and I noticed Emma standing in the open front doorway. I had no idea how long she had been there. She was grinning broadly and when she realized that I acknowledged her for the first time said, "I love to watch you two make love. That was amazing." 

Alexis' face was buried in my chest so she hadn't noticed her mother until she spoke. Without turning her head she spoke into my chest, "Good morning Mother. What's up?" Before Emma could respond, Alexis' released her legs and dangled them to the floor. I squatted and let her off my cock. She shoved her fingers into her sex to stop the flow of cum from her pussy. I reached over and pulled several paper towels off and Alexis took them and pushed them between her thighs.

Emma was in her bikini, ready for the day. She came in and sat down on the sofa and said, "There's a new wrinkle we need to go over." I thought she was going to wait until I had gone before continuing but she didn't, "Dee and Jarrod have sent a live video crew to video the wedding. They will be here today to setup and Dee wants them to transmit the fun at the pool or anywhere else. She doesn't want to miss anything."

Alexis turned back to me and said, "Baby. Why don't you go to the breakfast buffet and bring me back something. I should be ready to go when you get back." I walked around Alexis and bent forward to kiss Emma on the sofa. She stretched up to return my kiss. She couldn't resist grabbing my sticky cock and shoving her mouth on it. She sucked it into her throat and made a couple of full length cycles and then pulled back and licked her tongue around the shaft and popped her lips off. She took one last lick up the length from my balls to the glans and released me with a huge grin on her face. I went to the bedroom and pulled on a pair of gym shorts, a tee shirts and flip-flops.

When I returned to the living room, Emma had some papers on the coffee table and Alexis had sat down beside her on the sofa. Alexis was reading one of the papers when I went out the front door. The sun was blistering hot but the shade from the palm trees and a mild breeze coming in off the ocean made for a perfect day. The surf thumped and hissed at regular intervals. I looked along the line of Suites in both directions to see if any of our party was in sight. Fiona and Sylvia were walking toward me and they both waved when they saw me look their way. I waved and waited for them so we could walk together.

The last few yards, Fiona rushed toward me and jumped into my arms and kissed me hard. She pulled back and I let her down. She said, "This place is incredible. I'm so happy you guys invited me." Sylvia watched with a grin on her face. I kissed Fiona again and put my arm around her back and then did the same to Sylvia as we walked together toward the buffet.

Some of the gang was probably sleeping in but most everyone was at the restaurant when Fiona, Sylvia and I walked in. We got our trays put together and joined the rest at their table. Everyone was dressed in bathing suits with beach cover-ups for the women. Olivia grinned and asked if I slept well last night. Everyone else seemed interested in my answer as they stopped eating and looked at me. I thought their reactions were strange and wondered what they had going on. I said, "I slept like a baby. You?" She just grinned again and nodded. Everyone returned to their breakfast.

I excused myself as I held my tray up and walked away. I heard Sylvia mutter, "Jesus. I want to strap him on so bad." The others laughed and Mitch said a little louder than she intended, "Yeah. You and everyone else." I smiled to myself as I rounded the corner onto the concrete sidewalk. It was nice to be wanted.

I had intentionally not mentioned anything about the video crew to the gang. I would let Alexis and Emma tell them. There would be many problems with this plan; chief among them was personal privacy. Having their sexual escapades recorded or transmitted live might be a problem for everyone and especially for vacationers not part of our gang. I couldn't imagine how this was going to happen.
