 As we passed through the gate of Rachel's mansion and our apartment over the garage that we called 'the palace', I glanced over at Alexis and said, "Glad to be home?" She smiled at me and nodded. I drove around the side and parked in front of one of the five garage doors nearest the entry door.

I grabbed our luggage and I followed Alexis up the garage stairs. As Alexis reached for the doorknob, the door opened into the hallway above. Rachel was standing in the doorway with open arms to greet Alexis. Initially, Alexis was startled by the appearance of Rachel but she walked into Rachel's embrace as she crossed the threshold.

As I approached the threshold with bags in hand the door closed on me. I set one bag down and reached for the doorknob but it pulled away from me as the door opened again. Mitch was standing there in the hallway with a huge grin on her face. Rachel and Alexis had disappeared. I hoisted the bags up and crossed the threshold as Mitch threw her body against mine. I was holding the bags as arms length by my sides and Mitch hugged me.

Mitch reached down and cradled my cock and balls through my pants and giggled. I said, "Yes. Everything is still where it was." Mitch giggled again and pulled me into the hall so she could close the door. I set the bags on the tile floor and pulled out the towing handles. The hard plastic wheels clunked over the tiles as I made my way into the kitchen.

Alexis had gone straight for the Keurig coffee machine. I dragged the luggage through the kitchen and the carpeted living room to the laundry room. I parked both bags next to the washing machine and returned to the kitchen. Alexis was giving details of our Spring Break adventures to a grinning Rachel and Mitch. As she detailed some of the more risqué parts, Rachel's hand inched up her thigh lifting the hem of her dress as she went. I finished making the cups of coffee and handed a cup to Alexis disrupting her story. The mood was broken and Rachel straightened her hem and put a coffee pod in the machine and made herself a cup. Mitch was obviously anxious for Alexis to continue her story as she hoisted herself up on the counter and leaned back against the cabinets.

I thought Alexis was going to detail every sexual encounter but she just glossed over them to Mitch's obvious disappointment. Alexis and I found seats at the breakfast nook table as Rachel leaned against the counter by the sink and sipped her coffee. When it sounded like Alexis was done I spoke up and confessed that I was starving. There had only been snacks on the plane. I asked Mitch and Rachel if they would like to join us at the BBQ joint that Rachel had introduced us to. They readily agreed. Rachel said she would let John know and she hustled back to her part of the house.

As we waited for Rachel to return, Mitch started relating some of her experiences from spring breaks past. They were pretty tame compared to Alexis' stories but she disappeared into her own reverie none the less. When Rachel returned she had a light jacket for herself and Mitch. It was still March and even though the sun had warmed considerably, the air was a little brisk. 

Mitch commented on our tans and asked if there were any tan lines. We knew exactly where her mind was going. I lifted my shirt and pulled my pants down on my hips to show her my tan lines. She was obviously disappointed and a frown formed on her face.

We gorged ourselves on Bar-B-Q chicken and ribs and french-fries. I had forgotten where we were and ordered a Corona. The waitress asked for my ID which brought me back to reality. I changed my order to a coke. The others had root-beers. Alexis got up to go to the bathroom and asked Mitch to accompany her. Rachel watched them go and then leaned in and asked, "What are you doing for Alexis' birthday next weekend?" Planning parties was not my forte and I just shrugged my shoulders. Rachel frowned at me and said, "You're such an idiot. With all the money you have just hire someone who does that kind of thing." She disgustedly shook her head and pushed a French fry into her mouth. I couldn't get used to having this kind of money. My brain just didn't immediately go to hiring someone to do everything for me. Rachel was right though. Alexis' birthday was a big deal and I had to step up. I hadn't even bought her a present yet and that wasn't something I was going to farm out to someone else. I told Rachel that Alexis' mother was planning a surprise party at her house. Rachel sat silent for a few moments and then said, "Well then, I guess I'll have to plan something for when you get back." She smiled as her mind was already planning. She pushed another French fry into her mouth.

Alexis and Mitch returned and we finished our meals. Rachel had grabbed the bill as soon as it was placed on the table by the waitress. At my insistence accompanied by a withering stare, she relented and handed me the bill. I paid with a generous tip and we piled into the van again. Rachel hadn't ridden in the van before and she commented on how luxurious the ride was as she scanned the buttons and switches and displays on the dashboard from her position in the front passenger seat. Mitch had to show her mother how the triple seat across the back morphed into a full sized bed. I chuckled at the look on Rachel's face. I could almost read her mind running through the possibilities as her right hand ran up her thighs under the hem of her dress again. This time it stayed there.

I noticed that Rachel's face and neck were flushed and she was stealing glances at my crotch to see if there was any indication of my arousal. The knowledge of what she was doing was having an effect on me and my cock slowly hardened in spite of my efforts to stop it. In an effort to diminish the heat between us I asked how John was. She frowned at me knowing full well what I was doing, but she answered that John was fine. She even went further and told me that John had pretty much moved in. He still maintained his apartment but he spent nearly all of his time with her. I wanted to ask her how the sex was but I figured that would just accelerate things.

Rachel was quiet for nearly a minute gazing out the window and then she said, "John is a good man. It's nice to have a good man around for a change. I don't think I love him; at least not like I loved my husband." She was quiet again and then continued, "He is a good man." I noted the second reference to John being a good man and wondered what Rachel was thinking right then. Whatever it was, her hand came out from under her dress. She smoothed the hem and sat there mute for the rest of the ride home. My cock steadily softened again and it was completely flaccid as we passed through the gate. I watched the gate close behind us in the rear projection TV screen over the extended bed in the back.

Alexis and Mitch bounded up the garage stairs two at a time. I followed much slower with Rachel. Her mood had suddenly turned almost morose. Inside the garage, Rachel leaned against the outside wall and tears exploded in her eyes. She was trying to keep herself looking away from me so I wouldn't see her distress. I did see and I turned her toward me letting my eyes question what was wrong. She tried to turn her head away again and then she started sobbing and pushed herself hard into my body as her body racked. I held her tight and lightly brushed my hand across the side of her face as she laid her head on my chest. I could feel her tears soaking through my shirt. I didn't question her and she didn't offer any explanation. She just clung tightly to me until her sobbing stopped. 

I had no idea where this distress came from but it started with the discussion of John, the good man, so I assumed that it had something to do with her struggles with their relationship. I held her in my arms until she pushed herself away and wiped her eyes with her hands. She didn't say a word as she headed for the stairs. I followed her up. 

In the hallway upstairs, Rachel headed toward her part of the house. She took a few steps and then stopped and turned around and walked up to me and stretched up and kissed me lightly on the lips. Without a word she turned back toward the door at the end of the hall. I watched her go as her high heels clicked on the tiles at the same pace that always announces her arrival. I was concerned for her well-being but I didn't say a word as she disappeared behind the closing door.

Now I was feeling morose as I went down the hall to the kitchen. At the far end of the living room was Alexis and Mitch entwined together in a steamy embrace on a sofa. I leaned back against the counter top and watched them. My mind was consumed by Rachel's sudden sadness and I didn't react to Alexis' and Mitch's tryst. I watched with a feeling of detachment as I assessed Rachel's situation. Even though my guess was that it had something to do with John, it could have been something else. I made a cup of coffee and settled back against the counter watching Alexis and Mitch.

I knew Alexis wasn't wearing panties and it wasn't long before I discovered that Mitch wasn't either. Both of their pussies glistened with moisture. Alexis and Mitch formed a side-by-side sixty-nine as their muffled moans and groans grew louder by the moment. Mitch let out a crystal clear scream as she pulled her mouth off Alexis' pussy. I chuckled as Mitch looked like a wolf howling at the moon as her chin lifted toward the ceiling. Alexis pushed her hips to Mitch's face urging her to continue.

Alexis noticed me watching them from the kitchen and motioned for me to join them. My mind was elsewhere and I was content to watch them and took another sip off my coffee cup. She was distracted for a moment by Mitch's renewed attack but then she motioned to me again. I didn't move from the counter. Mitch motioned me over too but they were doing fine without me. In five minutes they had gone from zero to orgasms. Then it occurred to me that neither of them was ever at zero.

They recovered slowly as their gasps for air diminished and they began breathing heavily but normally. Then Alexis rolled onto her back while Mitch rolled into the back of the sofa. Alexis laid one forearm across her eyes and her chest heaved up and down a few more times before she blew out a "PHEEWWWW". Mitch giggled and turned her head to look at Alexis. Alexis noticed the movement and dropped her arm from her face and turned her head toward Mitch. They both started laughing at the same moment. 

Alexis sat up and swiveled her back against the sofa and pushed a hand between her legs to check if she was leaking juice on the sofa cushion. Mitch followed suit and checked too. They had apparently decided they were good because neither made any move to get up. They both looked at me leaning against the counter in the kitchen watching them with a coffee cup in my hands. Alexis lifted her arms toward me and motioned with both hands for me to come to her. This time I pushed off the counter and set my cup down. I took Alexis' hands and pulled her up and she helped Mitch up. We all went, hand in hand, to the master bathroom and I turned on the shower as Alexis and Mitch stripped.

Without a word spoken, Alexis and Mitch turned to me and Alexis pulled up my shirt and Mitch pulled down my pants. Mitch was kneeling as she pulled my pants off my feet and my cock dangled limply six inches from her face. She couldn't take her eyes off it but she didn't touch it. Alexis ignored it and offered a hand to Mitch to help her stand. We all moved into the shower and took turns under the showerhead. We washed each other in silence and there was no sexual advances made until Alexis' and Mitch's hands came together washing my groin. Then I saw the look they shared with each other and they both began stroking my soapy cock as they looked up at my face. Their slippery hands quickly brought my cock to attention. 

They coordinated their attack and jointly jerked me off in the suds for several minutes before they turned me into the water to rinse off. Alexis' hands slid off the base and gathered up my balls to hold them out to get rinsed off. Mitch's hands gripped the shaft and ran her thumbs around the ridge and worked her index fingers on the 'spot'. It got harder and Mitch and Alexis looked at each other and giggled. Visions of a shared blow-job streamed through my brain and then it all stopped.

Mitch and Alexis released my cock and balls and stood up beside me. Alexis stretched up and kissed me on the cheek and then Mitch did the same. They both looked back down at my hard cock bouncing above horizontal and giggled as Alexis handed me a washcloth. They stepped to the shower door and opened it without a word. Alexis looked back and blew me an air-kiss which had a 'you're on your own buster' ring to it. I probably had a stupid look on my face because she giggled as the glass door shut behind her. Whatever look was on my face, it evaporated into 'WTF'. I lifted the washcloth and looked down at my bouncing cock and said, "Sorry buddy. It looks like it's just you and me." I leaned against the tile wall and jerked myself off into the cloth. It didn't take long with all the recent memories swirling around in my head.

When I dried off and pulled my terrycloth robe on, Mitch was gone. Alexis was in her robe in the laundry room throwing our dirty clothes from the luggage into the washing machine. I walked in and leaned against the dryer. Alexis' robe had separated and I could see all of both breasts. She knew I was looking but she ignored me. She stood up and leaned over the washing machine to the controls and selected a setting and pushed a button to start the spray of water. She threw in a multi-colored pod and closed the lid. She leaned against the washer and looked up at me. I took the opportunity to ask her what was going on. She played dumb and responded that she was doing the laundry. I smiled and said, "No. Really. What's going on?" She pushed herself off the washing machine and headed for the door but I moved to block her egress. She stopped and looked up at me again. She had been trying to appear aloof but now she was angry.

Alexis stood there looking at me for a few moments and then said, "You stood there in the kitchen and watched us and you never made a move to join us like we asked. I don't think you even had an erection did you?" If that was an accusation I didn't confirm or deny. I just stood there dumbfounded, blocking her way. Alexis pulled her robe together and pushed her way past me as I moved slightly to my left to let her go. I had no clue what to say so I didn't say anything. In retrospect, I was proud of myself for my silence. I usually just started babbling until I would eventually realize that I had nothing of value to say and then I would announce, "I'm just going to shut-up now."

I followed well behind her and sat down in the living room as she stomped into the kitchen. I turned on the TV and thought, 'Holy fuck. Women. Who can ever figure them out?' We had had arguments and disagreements before but this seemed to be about the dumbest so far. I let her stew for the rest of the afternoon and most importantly I didn't aggravate the situation by attempting to talk it out. Eventually she sat down across the living room from me and watched TV. She went to bed early and I expected that she would be sound asleep when I turned off the TV and slipped under the sheets beside her. She was facing away from me. I was half expecting that she would kick me out to sleep on the couch but she didn't.

I laid there with my arms behind my head staring at the shadows on the walls and ceiling. I could hear her breathing and knew she wasn't asleep. Without moving I said, "I'm sorry Babe," even though I had no clue what I was sorry for. She didn't move or respond for a long time. Then Alexis rolled over to face me. I looked over at her darkened form and I could see her open eyes glistening with tears looking at me. She was silent for more than a minute. I rolled over on my side facing her but didn't speak for a long while. 

I broke the silence, "Alexis? Are you okay?" I never ever called her by her name and it felt very awkward then. I always called her 'Babe'. She almost always called me 'Baby' unless she was pissed off and then she called me by my first, middle and last name with equal emphasis on each part.

Alexis broke her silence, "You've never called my Alexis before. It sounds so formal. I don't think I like it." I didn't respond and kept looking at her looking at me. Then she said, "I'm sorry Baby. I have no idea where my anger came from. Maybe I was just tired from the travel. We didn't get much sleep in Cancun did we?" She giggled at her last statement. I placed a hand on the sheet half way between her head and mine. After a short delay, Alexis put a hand on top of mine. Our fingers entwined and we each squeezed lightly.

"I love you," I whispered. I could see her ultra-white teeth appear as she smiled.

She squeezed my hand again as she whispered back, "I know. I love you too." It was my turn to smile. Alexis inched her head closer to mine and I did the same. We both stretched out our lips and kissed. It was a quick kiss signaling a detent between us. I reached over and wiped a tear from the corner of her eye and pushed in closer and kissed her more passionately hoping that she would respond in kind. She did and moments later we were kissing and groping in desperate need. We rolled closer and our bodies writhed against each other. My hands moved from her breasts to her sex and she was soaking wet. Her hand went to my sex and gripped my cock hard as she pulled it toward her. I readily complied with her urgency and lifted my legs over her closest leg and followed her lead as she pulled my sex to hers. We were both gasping for oxygen. We kissed with incredible passion before I lowered my face to her breasts and pursed my lips over her left nipple and nuzzled it with my tongue. Her body heaved up against mine and she let out a loud groan. 

Alexis groaned hard again when I repeated my attack on her right nipple. Then she groaned out in a low pitched, throat clenched voice, "Baby. Make love to me. I need you."

I trailed my saliva soaked tongue from between her breasts down to her navel and finally to her vagina. She trembled as I moved down her body. I looked up at her as I went. She was looking down her body at my face until I flicked my tongue across her clitoris and she slammed her head back into her pillow and emitted a long moan as she rolled her hips up to greet my tongue.

I alternated my attack on her clitoris and vagina until she burst into an orgasm. I kept up my attack and before she could recover she exploded into another one. Her hands clamped down on my head as she rocked her hips up and down on my face. She was screaming as her pussy pulsed against my tongue. Her high pitched scream contrasted with the following guttural groans of "Oh my gawwdd. Oh my gawwdd. Oh my gawwdd." Her hips were flailing up and down. At one point I caught her pubic bone square in the nose. I had to pull back just to make sure it wasn't bleeding.

While I was checking my nose, Alexis shoved both hands into her sex and continued the attack on her clitoris. She was flailing around the bed. When she began to settle down, she groaned out, "I need your cock Baby. Pleeeaaassseee." Her hands were now on my ears pulling me up her body. When I moved into position between her spread thighs, Alexis was gasping for air. Even in the darkness I could see the sense of urgency on her face and in her breathing. I dragged my glans through her inner labia to get into position and then Alexis finished the preparation as she drove her hips up forcing her pussy onto my cock. She screamed hard as she found the thickest part of my fatty. She didn't stop there like usual. 
