 Jared is sitting in first class between his new partner, Lana, and their sweet assistant Sandy. They are headed to Lake Tahoe for the weekend to meet a new client there. Jared instructed Sandy to be sure to reserve them all rooms at one of the best resorts so that they may make a good impression on their clients. 

Currently they are reviewing the contracts. Lana is leaned in close to him on his left reading certain parts of the document and instructing Sandy on items to work on. Sandy is typing away on her laptop on his right. 

For some reason he is finding it increasingly difficult to concentrate. He stops the stewardess as she passes and orders them all drinks. 

"I think that sums everything up Lana, I must say you've done a great job with this first project." Jared nods his approval as she straightens her blouse and faces forward.

"Thank you, I'm glad its to your liking." 

A few minutes later the plane touches down at the airport. Sandy hurriedly gathers her laptop and personal items and together and they make their way to the exit. 

They reach the resort fairly quickly, which gives them plenty of time to get ready for their dinner meeting at the restaurant. 

Sandy goes to check them all in but there is a problem. 

"I'm so very sorry ma'am but we have over booked the resort this weekend and I'm afraid we only have one suite available for you." the woman apologizes profusely, but there's nothing she can do. "I can offer you the presidential suite to make up for our mistake, but I'm afraid that's all there is."

Great, Sandy thinks, Jared's gonna be pissed now. 

She goes over to Lana and Jared and explains. But to her surprise, he isn't that upset. "The presidential suite will have to do if you ladies are OK with that? I've stayed in it before and there is plenty of room." 

Lana and Sandy agree and they make their way up. There's two showers in the suite so Jared allows the ladies to go first. He goes to the bar to pour a drink. He sits down to enjoy it and notices Lana left the door open a crack and he can see her reflection in the mirror. He tries not to look but fails as he sees her pull her blouse off. He watches her ample tits bounce out of their restraints as she throws her bra to the floor. The steam from the shower is fogging up the mirror now as she continues to undress. He sees her move away from the mirror to the shower. "Fuck," he says under his breathe. "How am I going to get through a whole weekend with these temptresses."

He manages to unpack his suitcase as he waits for the women to finish showering. Sandy knocks lightly on the door to let him know she is out. She is wearing only a towel and he watches a few drops of water run down her chest. "Great thanks Sandy." 

He manages to get ready without further distractions and they all go down to the lobby to wait for their car to arrive. 

Once they get to the restaurant and greet the new clients he relaxes, grateful for a reason to get his mind off of the two women. 

The dinner goes well and the client signs the contracts and compliments them on their work they have a few bottles of wine and agree to meet for lunch tomorrow. Jared notices that the gentlemen cant seem to keep their eyes off of the two beauties either. 

They all say good night and the group heads back to the resort. Once they arrive in the suite the women go to the bar to pour some drinks. Jared gets comfy on the couch and turns on the TV but he watches the women instead.

Sandy is wearing a short black dress with her hair pulled up neatly. Her breasts bounce a little with every laugh. 

Lana is wearing a gray v-neck dress that shows her plentiful cleavage. Her dark hair falls loosely around her shoulders giving her an exotic look. They seem to be enjoying themselves freely which gives off a comfortable vibe. 

Lana walks over with his drink and sits down next to him. Sandy joins them on his other side. They have all had plenty to drink and they are laughing and chatting about nothing. 

Jared takes a break and goes to the bathroom. Lana scoots in close to Sandy, she whispers in her ear, "You look lovely in that dress Sandy." she lightly lays her hand on the girls knee. Sandy smiles and says "I'd really like to get out of these heels and stockings though." Sandy sighs as Lana's hand reaches up her thigh. "I can help with that." Lana says.

She reaches down and pulls off her shoes. Then her hands return to Sandy's right thigh. She finds the top of the stockings and wraps her hand around it pulling it off, rubbing Sandy's silky legs as she does. 

By the time Jared comes out of the bathroom, Sandy's leg is on Lana's shoulder and he watches Lana's hand trail along Sandy's thigh. He catches his breathe and the ladies glance at him. Lana gets up and walks over to him, "Jared, I've seen you watching us all day. I can only guess what you've been thinking about." 

Jared smiles at her. She glances at Sandy and sees her licking her lips. "Sandy, dear are you still hungry? Because I could sure go for some dessert." Lana reaches down and unzips Jared's slacks. By now his cock is rising as he anticipates whats to come.  

"Mmhmm, I'd love some dessert." Sandy smiles and brings her leg up on the couch. Jared can see her bare pussy glittering from under her short dress. Lana pulls him back to the couch and positions him so that he is between them again. 

She pulls his cock from his pants and begins stroking it slowly but firmly. Sandy moans, "Can I have a taste sir?" He can only nod his approval afraid to speak in fear this may all come to a halt. Lana reaches over to the young girl and brings her head down on his now rock hard cock. 

Sandy kisses the head softly and licks her way down to Lana's fingers that remained wrapped around the base. She licks at the manicured fingers of the other woman and Lana places one in her mouth. He sees Sandy suck it as Lana's hand still moves up and down his shaft. Sandy then rolls her tongue in circles around his cock then slowly inches it down her throat. Jared moans his approval and reaches for Lana's face. She grabs his hand and sucks on his finger. By now his cock is all the way down Sandy's throat and her hot mouth feels so good.

Sandy lets it pop out of her mouth and Lana takes the chance to join her, they lick at the length of his dick and Lana moves to her knees in front of him and pulls off his slacks and boxers. She then licks at his balls while Sandy returns her attentions to his prick. The sensations are overwhelming as he watches these two goddesses devour him. Lana senses his approaching orgasm and stops Sandy. Lana stands up and demands that Sandy strip her clothes. 

Sandy removes the dress to reveal her bare body, she hadn't worn any under garments. "How do I look sir?" She asks him shyly. 

"Amazing Sandy, now come here so I can see how those pert little nipples of yours taste." 

"Yes sir" Sandy bends over dangling her tits in front of him. He cups them in his hands and they fit perfectly. He pulls and pinches at her nipples before taking them in his mouth. 

Just as he sucks on her nipple, he hears a loud smack and Sandy moans. Lana is whipping her ass from behind and Jared bites at her nipple a bit harder. Sandy is moaning loudly now and Lana tells her to spread her legs wider. "Yes ma'am" the sweet sounds from Sandy's mouth are making his prick ache. 

Lana drives three fingers hard into her tight cunt and Sandy lets out a loud shriek. She works them around her pussy, curling and wiggling her fingers "Oh your so wet you naughty little whore." Lana slaps her ass again with her free hand. Then takes her fingers out of Sandy's tight cunt and rubs her juices all over Jared's cock. Lana is stroking him with a firm rhythm. Jared moans and pulls harder at Sandy's nipples. Sandy gasps and moans and Lana spanks her again. "You want to fuck her tits Jared? You want to see your cock move between them?" Lana pulls Sandy's hair hard. Bringing her to her knees in front of Jared. 

"Be a good assistant and push your tits together for me Sandy"

"Yes sir." Sandy squeezes her breasts around his hard cock and moves her torso so his cock can pound between her tits. 

"Now be a good slut and let his cock slide between your lips as he fucks your nice tits." Lana smacks her again and Sandy opens her mouth to him. 

Jared cant believe his luck as he fucks his assistants tits and mouth. He looks up at Lana who is now kneeling next to Sandy, she grabs his balls and kneads them as she slides a finger along Sandy's slit. 

Jared feels Sandy's tongue licking at his cock head. Her moans around his cock makes him so ready to cum all over her tits and in her mouth. But he wants to make this last so he stops. 

He takes off his tie and grabs Lana's hands and as he pulls her up she grabs Sandy's hair and pulls her along with her. Jared leads them to the bedroom and Lana throws Sandy down on the bed. 

"You want to be our little sex slave sweet Sandy?" Jared asks her as he ties her hands together to the head board. 

"Yes sir, do with me as you will." Sandy's voice was soft and reverent making his dick twitch for her. 

Lana leaves the room just as Jared climbs over Sandy. He pinches her nipples and flicks her clit with his tongue. She pushes her hips forward trying to get him to lick her clit. 

"No, no my little slave. You take only what I give you." Jared slaps at her tits.

"Please sir, make me cum." Sandy pleads

Lana returns with a large dildo that resembles a long thick cock. She flips a switch and it vibrates to life. "You want this in your tight little cunt don't you whore?" Lana teases her clit as Sandy moans her "Yes ma'am, please fuck me ma'am, please." 

"Not yet my sweet slut." Lana licks Sandy's juices off of the cock. Then she lays at the edge of the bed and spreads her legs in front of Jared. She takes the cock and rubs it along the length of her slit making it slick with her juices. "Jared, you want to taste my sweet nectar baby?" Lana licks at the cock again.

"I'd love to," Jared moves to her cunt and spreads her lips with his fingers. Lana puts the vibrating cock against Sandy's cunt careful not to touch her clit directly. Sandy begins moving her hips trying to get the fake cock closer to her throbbing clit.  

Jared takes Lana's sweet pussy in his mouth and moans loudly at the taste. Lana pinches her own nipples and tells him to tongue fuck her good. 

Sandy is moaning her pleas for a release. Lana reaches over and slaps her pussy a few times. "Be a good girl Sandy and maybe I'll let you lick my pussy next."

Lana moves her body closer to Sandy and Jared follows not missing a beat. Sandy's pussy is level with Lana's breasts and Lana grabs her tit and tickles Sandy's clit with her rock hard nipple. 

"Sandy, dear, your pussy is dripping juices all over my nice hard nipple." Lana then moans as Jared's fingers thrust into her own cunt. "Jared baby you do that so well, I may just cum on your face."

Jared responds by fucking her deeper with three fingers. He feels her tight little cunt squeeze him in place. She moves her hips frantically as he plays with her clit she cums with a scream and smears his face with her juices. He laps at what he can. 

"Let the slut lick my juices off your face Jared." 

Jared moves up to Sandy's face lays his hard cock between her tits again. Sandy eagerly licks at his face pushing her tongue in his mouth and then sucking on his chin. She moans then screams as Lana rams the vibrating cock into her pussy. Lana then sucks her clit into her mouth and pounds her pussy with the cock. Sandy is bucking against Lana as Jared slides his cock down her throat again. 

"Suck my cock good, little whore. Don't forget whose boss." Jared starts fucking her face hard and fast. Pounding his cock deep down her throat and she takes it eagerly, gagging just occasionally. He feels his pulse quicken and that all familiar feeling in his stomach. He calls her a whore and tells her she's a good cock sucker. Just then he cums so hard he almost screams as he drowns her in his juices. she slurps them down swallowing all she can the rest he spurts across her tits and face as she screams through her own orgasm. He looks down to see the fake cock lost in her pussy. Lana's mouth clamped onto her clit and a finger in her ass. Just as Sandy is coming down Lana pulls the cock out and shoves it to down Sandy's throat. Lana gets up and rubs her pussy against Sandy's and licks at my cum still on her tits. Lana bites and pulls at Sandy's nipples as she cleans every drop of my cock juice from the sweet girls face and breasts. 

At this point I want to slip my cock into a tight pussy. I push Lana off of Sandy and she groans. "Now be our good slave and lick Lana's cunt clean for me Sandy." 

"Yes of course Sir." Sandy eagerly awaits Lana's hot pussy. 

Lana kneels around Sandy's head lowering her pussy to the girls pouty lips. Jared slides his cock along the outer lips of the young girls cunt. Teasing her clit before he slides his 8 inch cock into her drenched pussy. 

Lana is facing him, with her pussy on Sandy's mouth. Jared takes her tits in his hands as he fucks Sandy deep. They hold each other up as they use this beautiful slut to the fullest extent. Jared leans in to suck Lana's tit. Lana is moaning loudly and grinding her pussy to Sandy's face. Jared hears Sandy's moans and knows the vibrations Lana must feel against her swollen clit. He pounds her harder, faster, fucking her hole with deep hard thrusts. He feels the walls of her cunt pulsate around his cock just as he gasps and grabs Lana's tits hard as he cums deep in Sandy's hot cunt. He watches Lana's face as she too cums hard. When its over he takes in the vision of the two women both spent, breasts heaving. Sandy still tied to the bed and Lana now laying on her breasts. Jared kisses them each slow and deep and unties his little slave. They sleep together, bodies pressed together, juices covering each of them. And fall into a deep dreamless sleep.