 Steve and I always talked about having sex with and around other people. It was one of those fantasies that I don't think either one of us thought we would actually play out, but I wasn't really shocked when he brought up the subject while we were sitting on the beach one afternoon.

Just a little background first. My name is Erica, and I've known Steve for close to 30 years. I'm about 5'4" and weigh about 110. I have small breasts with ultra sensitive nipples. I don't shave my pussy smooth, but I do keep it neatly trimmed with the area around my lips and anus completely hairless. I'm not a Playboy model, but I think I look pretty good to be in my early 50s. 

Steve is 6' and weighs about 200. He's works out quite a bit, so he's in fair shape himself. The one thing he has is a lovely cock. It's every bit of 8" and so thick I can't wrap my hand all the way around it. 

Steve and I are both married but not to each other. When we first met back in our mid 20s we had a brief affair that lasted 6 months or so. It was mostly sexual, but there were some emotions involved on both sides. When we ended things, we would occasionally run into each other at business functions as he worked for the same company my husband did, but it was very rare. About 10 years ago we were both involved in a group email to which Steve sent a response. I responded back to him, and we started communicating again. Things just progressed from there.

Now before Steve, I wasn't a very sexual person. Mind you, I wasn't a virgin; I just was never sexually fulfilled. Neither my husband nor any of my other lovers ever did it for me, if that makes any sense. From that first reconnection, Steve fueled passions in me that I had completely turned off when we split so many years ago. He taught me things and we experimented a lot. It probably helped that I never could say "no" to him. Come to find out, I enjoy being fisted, and while not all of the time, I occasionally enjoy anal.

So as we sat on the beach drinking our wine, we began to discuss a pool party a couple had invited him to provided he bring a guest. At first I didn't understand...guest? He then explained that they were swingers and unaccompanied males were not allowed. At first I was very reluctant, and he didn't try to talk me into it. Instead, he dropped the subject and moved on to something else. It was me who brought it back up a couple of hours later as different scenes played out in my mind. Having sex with other people watching and involved sounded intriguing. As we discussed it, I began to get myself worked up to the point where I grabbed a couple of towels and Steve's hand and took him behind a sand dune. 

Steve and I decided the best course of action would be to make a weekend out of it, so he arranged for a hotel room and I made arrangements with my family to away for a few days. The party was scheduled for Saturday, so we left on a Friday evening after work. If anything it was nice to have some alone time with Steve.

I don't think either one of us really slept that night. When the morning arrived I woke up to find a small box by the bed. Steve told me it was a gift, so I opened it to find a new Wicked Weasel bikini. Now Steve has bought me several Wicked Weasel products before, and I love them. I love wearing the bikinis to the beach every chance I have with him. This one was made of black mesh material...completely see through.

As we prepared to leave, Steve had on a pair of shorts, t-shirt and flip flops. I was dressed in a short denim skirt, with a shoe string tank top with my new bikini underneath. This is Steve's favorite outfit on me.

We arrived at the address around 12 and drove down a long dirt driveway which opened up into a circular drive next to a large house. As we exited the car, I could hear music coming from the back yard. There were no neighbors around, this place was secluded.

Jill answered the door and greeted both of us. Steve already knew her and her husband Brad, so he made the introductions. Jill and Brad are very attractive, and I guessed were in their early to mid 40s. The first stop as we entered the house was the bar. Brad made us both drinks as we discussed the rules. I had butter flies in my stomach, and I think Jill could sense this. Placing her hand on my arm, she assured me that I didn't have to do anything I was comfortable with. She went on to tell me that she had known everyone at the party for a number of years and everyone was respectful. There were couples there that never had sex with other people, they just enjoyed being watched and watching others. The one universal rule was, "No means No!" If you didn't or couldn't respect that you would be asked to leave and never return. Brad left to return to the party while Jill gave us a tour of the house. Several rooms had people going at it. One in particular took me by surprise. There was a woman lying on the floor on her back. There were 3 guys, one eating her pussy while she sucked on one and jacked the other off at the same time. Jill acted like it was no big deal, while Steve and I watched in complete amazement. Jill broke the silence telling us that sense the door was open, we were welcome to watch. If the door was closed, with the occupied on the door knob, they wanted privacy. 

Soon we were out on the patio where Jill introduced us to the remaining people. I didn't count, but there had to be over 40 people there which made the introductions rather lengthy. On top of that, everyone was in some state of undress. Most of the women were topless, and a few of the men were wearing very skimpy bathing suits.

By this time, I needed to use the restroom, so I excused myself. Besides, I was so wet from excitement, my fluids were beginning to run down my thighs. As I made my way back to the pool, I decided to go by the room with the threesome going on. The woman was now on all fours getting fucked from behind and sucking another man off who happened to be Brad. He looked at me, smiled and asked if I'd like to join in on the fun. I nervously declined and said, "maybe later" as I walked away.

I returned to the patio to find Steve talking with one of the couples we had just met. Jill had removed her coverup and bikini top and was now kissing on one off the other women we had just met. After what I had just seen, I didn't think of this as shocking.

Steve and the other couple welcomed me to their conversation. Their names were Ryan and Jamie. Both were about our age and very attractive. Jamie was about my size but with larger tits...obviously enhanced. She was wearing a purple thong bikini and was still wearing her top. Ryan was wearing shorts and a t-shirt very similar to Steve. He was about the same height as Steve but probably had 20lbs on him. He wasn't fat, just husky in a bearish sort of way. 

Our conversation revolved around the lifestyle and what attracted us to it. Jamie explained that they had been married for several years and were simply looking for some variety to spice things up. About 15 minutes into the conversation, we were interrupted by a woman named Diane. She introduced herself to us as we hadn't met when we had arrived, then quickly took Ryan's hand and led him away. Jamie told us not to be insulted as they hook up every time they get together. I asked her if that made her jealous, and she responded that it didn't any more. He had his fun and she had hers, but at the end of the day, they go home together.

As we continued to talk to Jamie, the conversation became very sexual which continued to enhance my desires. Eventually, Jamie said she had to pee and asked if I would accompany her to the restroom. Agreeing, we left Steve to go to the bar and refresh our drinks. The restroom was in a bath house just off the pool area. As we entered, the cool room there was a shower area, a toilet stall and a dressing area with a counter, sink and mirror. Neither one of us bothered to lock the door. I went in first as the wine seemed to be going through me. While I was in there, I went ahead and removed my skirt and tank top leaving only my bikini. As I exited, Jamie commented on how nice the bikini looked on me. I thanked her and while she was releaving herself, we continued to talk while I put my hair up in a pony tail. I was shocked when she asked me if I had ever been with a girl to which I responded that I hadn't. She then asked if I had ever thought about it. I explained that Steve and I often talked about it but hadn't done anything about it. As she came out of the stall, I saw in the mirror that she had removed her clothing and was now completely naked. Her tits were perfect orbs topped by dark areolas about the size of a quarter. Her nipples were hard as rocks, and I wasn't sure if that was out of lust or because of the cool air. Her pussy was completely bald and I thought to myself that it looked so soft.

I acted as though I hadn't noticed as she walked up behind me placing her hands on my waist. Pressing against me, I could feel her tits against my back as she whispered in my ear that she would like to be my first. I could feel butterflies in my stomach. I wasn't sure what to do when I felt her lips kissing my neck. This drives me crazy. Immediately I tilted my head back and placed my hands on her hips in an attempt to pull her closer. I couldn't believe what I was doing, but it felt so good. As she continued to kiss my neck, her left hand went to my tits while her right went to my pussy. With her teeth she untied the top string on my top allowing it to fall while I pushed my bottoms off of my hips to allow her better access. Once they were down around my ankles, I stepped out of them as I spread my legs slightly wider than they already were. Her touch was so soft as she spread my lips and began to rub my fluids around my lips.

"Oh, you are so wet." she whispered into my ear. " I bet you taste wonderful."

My only response was to moan a little as I reached up to her neck to pull her closer. My nipples were on fire as she pinched and pulled them while her fingers explored the inside of me. I could feel my orgasm building and my body went rigid for several seconds as it ripped through me. 

As I recovered she turned me around undoing the other string on my top and letting fall to the floor. As we faced each other, my hands went to her tits as our mouths met in a passionate kiss.

"Sit on the counter." she ordered.

Doing as I was told she dropped to her knees as I spread my legs as wide as I could. I watched as her fingers entered me again as her tongue went straight to my clit. I was still ultra sensitive from my orgasm, so I squirmed on the cold granite counter top as she fingered and licked me to another orgasm.

While we were engaged in all of this, we were totally oblivious to anybody else in the room. 

"I was wondering what was taking so long." came a familiar voice. Apparently Steve had been watching for some time as his shorts were down around his ankle and he was stroking his massive dick. 

"We were just about to come and find you." Jamie responded with a smile. "Would you care to join us...if that's ok with you Erica?" 

All I could do was moan my approval as I came down from my orgasm. 

"Let's go see if we can find a room." Steve said.

"I know just the place." Jamie said.

What I didn't realize is that part of the bath house was actually a small apartment which we found to be vacant.

"This should give us a little privacy" Jamie said to nobody in particular. 

Steve found a spot to sit down and told us to proceed with what we were previously doing. Smiling, Jamie took control again and pulled me close for a kiss. Grabbing her ass, I tried to pull her as close to me as possible. We kissed for what seemed like several minutes, our hands exploring each other. 

Eventually I pulled Jamie over to the bed telling her to lay on her back. Straddling her, I continued our kiss before I began to make my way down to her breasts. They were large and firm and her nipples hard as rocks. As I sucked and nibbled on each one, I moved my hand down to her pussy. I'm not sure what I was expecting, but I found her to be different from myself but similar. She was soaking wet, and as soon as I touched her clit, she stiffened in an orgasm. I love the way I taste when I'm aroused, and I love it even more after Steve has blown his load into me. I so wanted to taste this woman. Nervously I made my way, kissing down her belly, pausing to stick my tongue into her belly button. As I did this, she put pressure on my shoulders, and spread her legs as wide as she could in anticipation. Pausing for a few seconds, I took in the view of her open pussy. Her labia were swollen with anticipation, and the scent of her aroused me even more. Slowly I kissed my way up her thighs doing my best to tease as much as I knew how. Forcefully she grabbed the back of my head and shoved my face into her cunt. Her taste was amazing, as I explored her lips with my tongue.

As all of this was going on, Steve had a view from his seat of my ass in the air fully exposed and vulnerable. This is favorite position for me to be in. Coming up behind me, I felt his heavy dick slap me on the crack of the ass. This startled me slightly, but soon he was rubbing the head on my pussy before entering me with a strong trust. 

I continued to lap at Jamie's twat as Steve fucked me from behind. At one point I had 4 fingers inserted into her pussy as I sucked on her engorged clit. Steve's thrusts were becoming more forceful, so I knew he was getting on the edge of an orgasm. Steve rarely cums that quickly, so I wasn't surprised when he pulled out. He will edge himself several times sometimes lasting for hours before eventually unleashing his load. Jamie on the other hand was close to cumming. I could feel her body stiffen, so I increased the pace of my thrusting fingers. She exploded in a stream of fluid that caught me completely off guard striking me directly in the face. 

Sitting up, I looked for a towel to dry my face off. Jamie laid there recovering as Steve moved towards me. Kissing me deeply, I could tell he had enjoyed the show and how Jamie tasted. Looking into my eyes, he told me how incredible that was to watch, and that there weren't going to be any judgements. All I could do was smile and stroke his dick which was poking me in the stomach.

"I feel a little guilty as you haven't had any attention." I told him. "I want to watch her ride your cock."

"I hope you'll get your wish." Jamie shot back. "But first I'd love to suck his beautiful cock."

With this, Steve sat back down in the chair as Jamie got up and moved towards him. Getting onto her knees, she grasped the base of his dick and began to run her tongue along the shaft. She moaned loudly as she tasted my juices left from the fucking he gave me. 

I moved to another chair on the other side of the room so that I could watch the show. Steve was certainly enjoying the blow job, and Jamie was obviously doing a great job. I swear that a couple of times she was able to get him all the way down her throat, something I've never been able to do. I enjoy sucking his dick, but I have a very small mouth. This creates problems fitting him in my mouth let alone deep throating him.

After about 15 minutes or so, I was beginning to feel a little lonely. Getting up from the chair, I moved to the floor directly in back of Jamie. Running my hand down the crack of her open ass, I ran my finger around her anus. The only encouragement I needed to continue was her pushing back towards me, spreading her cheeks further. With my other hand, I came around the front so that I could play with her pussy. I so wanted to taste her again, and I wanted to watch Steve fuck her.

Steve must have had a similar idea as he stopped her before he came. "I want both of you on the bed." he instructed. He went on to put us in a 69 position with Jamie on the top. Her pussy looked so good from my vantage point. Jamie immediately went straight to my pussy, while Steve positioned himself behind her. His balls were hanging so low that they were almost dragging against my face. He quickly began to rub his dick against her slit which caused moans from Jamie. With one quick thrust, he entered her causing her to gasp. I wasted to time going for her clit with my tongue. With each thrust, Steve would almost pull his dick completely out allowing me to run my tongue along the shaft. I didn't think I could become any more aroused then I already was, but the scene, smells and taste were too much. I exploded in a massive orgasm. With this, Steve's thrusts became more and more forceful. I could tell he wanted to cum. They were so forceful that he was lifting Jamie off of the bed. Jamie had stopped eating my pussy simply because she was engrossed in what Steve was doing. From the noises both were making, I could tell they were going to cum together. Steve's grunts and thrusts quickened and with one last thrust he shot his load deep into Jamie. Jamie at the same time exploded with another stream of fluid hitting Steve's now tight ball sack. 

It seemed like a couple of minutes passed before Steve pulled out of Jamie. I immediately grabbed his cock and stuck it in my mouth. The taste of both of them was so amazing, and I quickly cleaned Steve up. When I was finished, Steve got up and I turned my attention to Jamie's still dripping pussy. She did a fine job of contracting her pussy muscles pushing Steve's jiz out of her pussy and into my mouth and face. I lapped it up as quickly as I could, not wanting to waste a single drop. Eventually, Jamie got off of me and as I sat up, our lips met in a sensual kiss. She moaned as she tasted what was left of the mixture of the two of them. As our kiss broke, I noticed that Steve wasn't in the room. Jamie also excused herself saying she would be back shortly, leaving me alone with my thoughts. I laid there on the bed thinking about what had just happened. I had actually fucked another woman, and watched my sex partner fuck her at the same time. Interestingly enough, I didn't feel any jealousy. Steve always said there was a difference between making love and fucking. This had been pure fucking with no judgements.

I'm not sure how long I had been laying there when I felt the presence of Steve back in the room. He laid down next to me and started playing with my nipples. It was obvious that neither one of us were done. He asked if I wanted to go back and join the party, which I said I did, but first I wanted him. We spent the next hour having some of the most incredible sex we've ever had. 

When we finished, Steve suggested we take a break and grab a drink. Not bothering to dress, we exited the pool house into the bright sunshine. We noticed that the pool area was deserted except for a couple making out in the pool. The pool bar was also vacant, so Steve went behind to make us both a drink. 

"Did you have fun?" he asked.

I responded that I did and as our conversation continued, I began to feel a little sad. I wasn't feeling guilty, it was more about what I had missed all those years before Steve. I have a deep love for him, and I know he has feelings for me that go beyond a sex buddy. With tears welling up in my eyes, he asked what was wrong. As we talked about our adventures together, we both began to laugh at how far I had come. Steve had taught me to be comfortable with my body, he had shown me nude beaches and took me places sexually that nobody else had ever been able to do.

Our conversation was eventually interrupted by movement down by the pool. The couple we had seen previously were exiting the pool. They didn't look familiar to either of us, so we decided that we hadn't met them yet. I was in shock as the guy stepped from the pool. He had a semi-hard dick that was the largest I had ever seen in real life. Steve and I had watched porn movies with hung guys, but I think his was even bigger. As they dried off, he leaned in and gave her a kiss and a pat on the ass as she walked off towards the house. I continued to stare as he walked over towards us. His cock had to be every bit of 12 inches long, and as I watched it swing back and forth with his stride, I couldn't help but feel a tingle within my pussy.
