 Chapter 02: Back At The Office

Sandy is working late again tonight; just as she has 3 nights a week since their return from Lake Tahoe. Her two bosses have been very demanding after their long weekend full of fucking. They have literally made Sandy their pet; their dirty, sexy, little pet. Jared and Lana are the best lovers Sandy has had though, so she is fulfilled and doesn't dare complain. 

Sandy is 20 and started working for Jared a year ago. He was just starting his business and needed a right hand girl to depend on. She had been just that. There wasn't any sex until Lana joined the firm 3 months ago. 

Lana is a gorgeous woman of 31 she's about 5'7". She has long dark hair that frames the beautifully sharp features of her face. Her golden tanned skin is the softest Sandy has ever felt. Lana has a perfect body. She is very curvaceous, with large full breasts and an ass to die for. Her hourglass figure is hard to keep your eyes off of. 

A contrast to Sandy's rather petite figure; she is 5'1" with 34B breasts, a nice round little ass, and not-so-long legs. Her golden brown hair is always pulled back neatly, so her pretty face is clearly visible. She has big hazel eyes, and full pouty lips. 

Today, she is wearing a short black skirt, with black stockings held up by a green and black lace garter belt, and matching bra and panties. She has on an emerald silk blouse that buttons down the front. She was clearly instructed on how to dress today, as usual. Sometimes, they would require her to come with no panties. Sandy didn't mind as she rarely wore panties with a skirt anyway. She loved to feel the wind against her hot little pussy. 

Its 5 o'clock now and she collects her paperwork and heads to Jared's office. 

Jared is a very attractive man. Light brown hair and dark green eyes. He has the kind of eyes that seduce you as he speaks. He is tall, about 6'2", slender build, but very fit; a great tan and slim lips. She has always found it hard to concentrate when he gets close to her. Even before she had the luxury of his cock inside her, she desired him. 

She recalls one evening she was working late with him and one of the accountants. The men discussed problems over her shoulder as she laid out plans for them on her computer. She could feel Jared's breath down her neck and he kept getting her attention by brushing her thigh casually. 

Jared never tried to hide his glances down her blouse, and Sandy never tried to hide her generous cleavage. That night she went home and laid, spread eagle on her bed and fucked herself screaming his name. 

Tonight, she would be his and Lana's little whore again, and she couldn't wait. She tapped lightly on his door. 

"Come in." Jared was typing and barely glanced up at her at all. But she saw the glint that showed in his eye when he did. 

"Sir, you wanted to see me?" Sandy spoke in a soft voice as she didn't want to displease him. 

"Lana will be here shortly. She has something for our little pet tonight." Jared stopped what he was doing and told her to get to her knees.

"Yes sir." Sandy wondered what Lana had for her.

Jared got up and walked to Sandy. "Are you ready for me, my little fuck slut?" 

"Yes sir, always ready, sir." Sandy knew to look down.

Jared brushed the back of his hand against her cheek and across her lips. 

Lana walked in to the office with a black bag in hand. "Ahh, our little pet is already here. You are such a good little pet darling. I've brought something for you." Lana started to reach into the bag, but stopped. 

"I was just getting started Lana." Jared whispers to her taking the bag as he kisses her lightly. "Take off your clothes little whore. Strip for us as we like." He returns his attentions to Sandy.

"Sir, it's a bit cold in her sir." Sandy glances towards the thermostat. 

Jared walks over and yanks her hair by her bun, bringing her eyes to meet his. She whimpers just slightly as he says, "Has she forgotten who her boss is Lana? Do you think we should punish her for that?" 

Lana walks over and laughs, "Ah, you naughty little cat. Don't make us unhappy tonight or you shall pay dearly. Now do as we say."

Jared yanks a bit more then lets her hair go. She quickly pulls her skirt down to her ankles and slowly unbuttons her blouse. She then proceeds to remove her bra and panties but leaves the heels, stockings and garter belt. 

Her nipples instantly respond to the cold air. She again lowers herself to her knees and looks down. Lana comes over and tweaks her nipples. Jared is at his desk with his back to them, pulling items from the bag. "Nice choices Lana. Looks like we are in for some fun." he turns to them with a paddle covered in black leather in his hand. 

"Are you still feeling defiant my pet? I'd love to put this to use." He taps her lightly on her cheek with the paddle. She blushes and continues to look at his feet. 

"Sir, please." Sandy whispers. 

"Jared, is she pleading for mercy already? Give her a reason for her plea." Lana is clearing off the desk as she speaks.

"Get on all fours you little whore. Push your tight ass out so I can see you better." Jared first rubs his hands over her ass and then slaps her with his hand. Then he takes back the paddle and swings it. It strikes her ass with a loud smack and she lets out a muffled moan. He does the same to the other cheek. 

Sandy is moaning and wriggling her ass to him as he spanks her with the leather paddle. She can already feel her pussy lips throbbing. 

"Now sweet pet, come here to me quick." Lana is demanding her presence. Sandy quickly turns and kisses Jared's shoes before scurrying off to Lana. She crawls quickly across the floor and stops at Lana's feet. 

Lana strokes her hair and lifts her chin to her. "Take off my dress darling." 

Lana is wearing a black dress that buttons straight down the front. Sandy takes the first button between her teeth and works her way down. She can smell the sweetness of Lana's skin as her lips brush against it. Once she removes the dress she returns to her knees. 

Lana stands in a soft leather corset with matching leather and mesh thong. She has on black high heels with straps that wrap around her calves. She looks amazing and Jared says just that. He walks to her and takes her in his arms, his hands trailing over her body. He grabs a hand full of her dark hair and pulls it back hard until her full neck is clearly visible. She moans as he kisses her softly and licks at her collar bone. Then he lets her hair go and turns back to Sandy. 

Lana instructs her to plant her ass on the desk and lay flat on her back. Sandy does just that and her nipples get even harder as goose bumps cover her skin with the feel of the cold glass beneath her. 

Lana seems to like this and she licks around Sandy's breasts, avoiding the nipples that are begging for attention. She reaches over Sandy and grabs a couple of nipple clasps. She dangles them in front of Sandy and says, "Hope you like all of your little presents my sweet pet." 

With that said, Lana lets the clamps spring tightly to Sandy's nipples; one at a time. Sandy squeals as they clamp down on her hard nipples. The pain runs straight through her body, all the way to her clit. She feels the throbbing in her nipples and squirms beneath Lana's weight.

"You like it now don't you little whore?" Lana smirks and flicks her tongue at the clamp; making it pinch a little more with every touch.

Jared joins them and strokes Sandy's tits as he fondles the clamps. "Be sure to keep your hands clasped above your head until we say otherwise."

Lana moves up to Jared and grabs at his cock. "I see you are enjoying the display. Let me help you get more comfortable now." 

Sandy watches Lana pull Jared's shirt from his slacks, then unbuckle his belt and pull down his slacks and boxers together. Sandy sees his dick spring up from under his shirt. Jared quickly pulls his shirt off and tosses it to the floor. 

Lana takes his thick cock in her hand and strokes it a few times while whispering in his ear. Sandy can't hear what is said and also can't keep her eyes off of Lana's hand on that lovely cock. 

Jared notices her gaze and smiles. He approaches the desk and grabs her hair, lifting her head from the desk. He pulls it hard; loosening it from restraints. Then he yanks her head to the side. His cock is in her face now and she licks her lips. 

"What is it slut? What do you want?" Jared asks.

"Sir, please let me suck your thick cock." Sandy looks up at Jared with pleading eyes. She really loves having this man's cock down her throat. The feel of his hand at the back of her head every time he fucks her face is heaven to her. It always make her pussy so wet. 

Lana comes over and strokes it again. She then runs her finger along Sandy's fat lips. "I don't think she wants it Jared."

"Oh please sir, I really do want it. Please let me taste your sweet pre-cum. I want you to fuck my face like you do so well." Sandy pleads again. "Lana please let me have his cock. Please."

"That's more like it, whore. Now open up." Lana takes his cock and pumps it a couple of times then brings it to Sandy's eager mouth. 

Sandy licks at the head and rolls her tongue all the way around this thick cock before devouring it inch by inch. Lana moves her hand to his balls as she watches their young secretary. 

Jared is moaning and sighing as he gropes Lana's ass. He begins to thrust forward slightly; meeting Sandy's head bobs. Lana takes the opportunity to grab a hand full of Sandy's hair. She begins to guide Sandy's head faster allowing her to get more of his cock down her throat. Sandy gags a bit, but then gets used to the feel of him. She loves having this thick cock deep in her throat. She is watching his face as he gazes at her. Lana begins pumping her head faster at the same time Sandy's moans are vibrating against Jared's cock. 

Sandy begins thrusting her hips up in time with the rhythm of Jared fucking her face. Just watching the looks on Jared's face and the feel of his cock down her throat is making her want to cum. As if reading her thoughts Lana starts rubbing Sandy's pussy. 

"Oh, you little slut. Your pussy is dripping! She brings two of her fingers to Sandy's face and spreads them apart showing the girl her own juices on her fingers. She then takes them to Jared's mouth and he eagerly sucks at them.

Just as he is cleaning Lana's fingers his hand joins Lana's at the back of Sandy's head he pounds her face a few more times moaning and pulling at her hair. He cums hard. Sandy can feel the pulsating cock shaking in her mouth. She can feel the hot sperm he is shooting down her throat. She swallows a couple of times, savoring the taste and the look on his face as he slows his thrusts. 

Lana licks at Sandy's chin as Jared pulls his cock from her mouth. "Mmm, good job you whore. Now I want some. I think you deserve a good licking sweet pet."

Lana moves between her legs and Jared stands at the other end of the desk looking down into Sandy's face. Lana pulls her legs up and hands her ankles off to Jared, who spreads them wide and holds them there.

Sandy's hands are at the base of Jared's cock now. Her legs are spread as wide as they can go and Lana's tongue is making its way across her slit. Sandy feels so horny, with the clasps on her nipples torturing her and the taste of Jared's cum in her mouth. 

She starts moving her hips lower, trying desperately to guide her clit to the warmth of Lana's tongue. But Lana is still teasing her. 

Lana loves to make Sandy suffer, to make her pussy drip juice. She rolls her tongue along the inner folds of Sandy's wide spread cunt. She laps at the juices emanating from this hot little whores pussy. She drives her tongue, like a little cock, into the drenched hole in front of her. Her nose brushes against Sandy's clit and she hears a moan. She retracts as the slut pushes her cunt forward. She revels in the torture she must feel; longing for contact, for pressure, for orgasm.

Lana brings her index finger to Sandy's entrance. This young, tight, pussy should be stretched a bit, Lana thinks. She wonders how many lovers this whore has had before Jared and herself. Certainly not many; she is barley more than a teenager and her cunt still shows that. 

She drives the first finger into her slowly. Curling it around a bit, exploring her insides. Sandy moans louder and grinds against Lana's hand. So she inserts number 2. Another moan as Lana drives them deeper this time. She fucks her sweet hole with three fingers now; it's already a tight fit. Lana laps at the juices dripping from her hand. This slut is almost screaming now. Pounding her pussy against Lana. 

Lana finally looks up and sees Jared's cock in Sandy's hand. Sandy is pumping in time with her desperate thrusts. Jared is staring straight at the tight little cunt stuffed almost full. 

Almost full. Lana grins at him and sticks out her tongue to flick the fat clit that's been pointing at her. Then she stuffs in her last little finger and begins to pound this tight little cunt. Slowly Sandy's pussy is adjusting to accommodate the feel of Lana's hand. More of her palm enters with each thrust. The base of Lana's palm is now smacking against Sandy's clit with a steady rhythm. Sandy's hands follow the same rhythm on Jared's cock and Lana is watching them both. 

She starts to quicken the pace fully fucking this little whore's cunt with her whole fist now. She presses her tongue to her clit and begins sucking it. She can barely hear Jared's moans over Sandy's near screams. Suddenly she feels a tight grip around her hand. The walls of Sandy's pussy are pulsating against Lana's fist now. She clamps her mouth onto her clit, careful not to release the pressure. The sweet little slut's whole body is shaking and Lana looks up to see the look on her face as Jared is now sucking on her tit. Sandy's body goes limp. Lana turns her attention to her spent pussy and begins to lap up all of her sweet juices, but a sharp pull at her hair stops her. She moans and looks up to Jared's face. 

"That's enough for you whore. This juice is for me." Jared pushes her backwards. 

Sandy is still panting when Lana climbs over her. Lana smiles, "Did you like that my sweet little slut?" Lana shoves her tongue between Sandy's lips and receives a hard, eager kiss in return. Sandy is devouring Lana's tongue and lips. Lana reaches up and pinches at the nipple clasp and Sandy pulls back with a squeal. 

Lana begins to lick and suck on the wriggling body of her pet. She brings her still soaked hand to Sandy's mouth and she puts her hot mouth to work licking it clean. Lana's ass is now perched up in Jared's face as he attempts to clean up the mess she made between their young secretary's legs. 

Jared is faced with Lana's tight, fat ass and Sandy's dripping wet pussy. He reaches down to the floor just beside him. Suddenly there's a loud clap and then a shriek. He repeats the slap of the paddle against Lana's ass and hears Sandy's moans join in. Lana is slapping at Sandy's tits and flicking the clamps on her nipples. Jared pulls down Lana's little thong and hits her ass a couple more times before reaching for the dildo next to him. He shoves it in to Sandy's pussy and hears a loud moan, pleasure mixed with pain. Music to Jared's ears. 

He takes the fake cock from Sandy's pussy and rubs the drenched head against Lana's puckered little entrance. Her ass is tight but Lana slowly pushes her hips back to welcome the intrusion. He inserts the tip and brings it back almost out and back again. 

"Get up and make yourself useful you little cunt!" Lana demands as she slaps again at Sandy's tits. Sandy pulls herself out from under her mistress. Her nipples aching and her breasts scarlet. She slips in under her in a 69 position. 

By now Lana is moving at a steady pace, bringing her hips to meet Jared's thrusts. He has the fake cock halfway into this sweet ass in front of him. The dildo is not as big as his own cock, he wonders if she can accommodate him later. 

Sandy begins to rub slow circles against Lana's clit. The sweet aroma coming from the slick pussy is too much to take. 

"Mistress, can I taste your juices? Can I fuck your sweet cunt? Please mistress?" Sandy pleads as Lana moans her approval and at the same time spreads Sandy's legs open. 

She slaps at her pussy and says, "you better fuck my pussy good bitch." 

Sandy immediately begins licking at her slit. Running her tongue around the folds of her wet pussy. Dipping into the awaiting hole filled with the sweet dew. She feels two fingers enter her own cunt as she's tongue fucking Lana's pussy as she rocks against the fake cock in her ass. Then she feels pressure at her own puckered entrance. Lana spreads her legs wider and Sandy moans loudly against Lana's clit. Her ass cheeks grip Lana's hand; she's never had anything there before. She's a bit scared but still so horny. 

Lana is making sweet sounds from her own ass being fucked. Jared is now pounding the full length of the cock into Lana's ass. Sandy's ass relaxes and Lana inserts her finger, wet with Sandy's cum. At the same time she is rubbing her clit and it feels so good to Sandy she immediately begins rocking on the finger, allowing it to enter her fully. The feeling is amazing and she sucks harder on Lana's clit and begins fucking her with three fingers. 

Jared pulls the dildo out and Lana moans her disapproval. He pulls Sandy's hair bringing her away from Lana's pussy. He thrusts his cock in her pussy a couple of time getting it nice and slick. As he does, Sandy sucks on his balls. Then he removes it and pushes it deep into Lana's ass. A loud scream rings through the office. 

Lana has never felt so full, with Jared's large cock filling her ass and Sandy's three fingers again buried in her pussy. She starts pounding her ass against Jared's cock with the same rhythm she is fucking Sandy's tight little virgin ass. Jared is gripping Lana's hips guiding her ass to him. Sandy is rubbing at Lana's clit now, as she can no longer keep it in her mouth due to the frantic thrusts. 

Sandy has never felt an orgasm this strong. The feel of Lana's fingers pounding her ass and her mouth on her clit it too much to bear. She screams as she feels the next orgasm flooding her body. 

Lana's screams join hers as they both start cumming so hard. Jared keeps his rhythm as he fucks her until he cums deep inside Lana's ass. 

They are all spent; satisfied beyond doubt. Lana climbs off of Sandy and Jared collapses into his large office chair. 

"Sandy, get up and get dressed. It's time to go home now. You are to come to work tomorrow in a short black skirt. No panties. A tight, white button down blouse, with no bra. Stockings and the highest heels you own. Is that clear?" Lana says.

"Yes of course." Sandy begins pulling her skirt on. She feels a hard smack on her ass and yells out. 

"Yes what?" Lana says.

"Yes mistress." 

"That's better. Now be sure the skirt is short and your pussy is clean shaven." 

"Yes ma'am." Sandy is fully dressed now. They kiss her good night and begin to dress themselves.