 My first wife and I had a great sex life that included some pretty wild events. We were very active sexually and enjoyed every minute of it. Our escapades included some exotic and public places. We tried to make it exciting every time we had sex. The following story is just one of our many exploits.

When we first met I knew our relationship would be based on sex. The first night we ended up closing the bar we met at and going straight to a hotel. She was a stunning piece of work. Many of the other guys in the bar were watching her every move. I know I couldn’t take my eyes off of her. She was 5’9” and had long slender legs. She was playing darts with one of the guys I came up there to meet. From the moment I walked up to them I wanted to get into the spandex pants she was wearing. When my friend introduced us I couldn’t help staring at here magnificent body. Somehow I heard what her name was. It certainly matched the way she looked. 

“Hi, my name is Candi” she said as she put out her hand to shake mine.

“Hello, mine is Mike” I answered back.

That was the most I remember from our first night. We had simply had way too much to drink to remember anything else. After that night we spent every night together until our divorce a few years later. I can’t imagine staying together forever being based on sex.

Through our time together we would talk about our fantasies. She stated early in our relationship that she was probably bi. That is a different story entirely though. Candi would often explain how much she liked others knowing we were have sex in front of them. We would go out and play with each other without actually showing exactly what we were doing to each other. I would ask her about what she thought of being with more than one guy. We just talked about it for a long time, until I had come up with a plan to make it happen.

I called her from work early Friday morning to tell her to get ready for that night. I explained she should go shopping at Frederic’s or someplace similar. I also stated she was not to wear any panties that night. We had done this part before and she always surprised me with what time of lingerie she picked out. When I hung up I could barely concentrate on work the rest of the day.

When I got home she was already getting dressed for the night. She had bought some black fishnet stockings and garter belt. I saw hanging a new black miniskirt and sheer black blouse. When the whole ensemble was put together it didn’t leave much to the imagination. She stood in front of the mirror admiring herself. I couldn’t help but stand and stare in awe. She stood adjusting herself and occasionally feeling herself up. Candi knew just how good her 5’9” slender frame looked. She would bring her hands up her hips and slowly caress her flat belly working her way up to her 38c breasts. I could see she was getting aroused just looking at herself in the mirror. Her nipples musted have stood out nearly an inch. You could see right through her top to her black lace bra. If you looked close you could see her pink areolas through the thin material. She was ready to go for the night.

I quickly jumped in the shower and got ready. I just threw on the usual attire. I wore my black jeans and a grey sweater. I knew whatever I wore would never matter. She had the department on looks. I just tried to look like I might be good enough to be seen with her.

Without explaining where we were going I told her to get in the car. We drove to a fairly nice restaurant. Before dinner we proceeded to sit at the bar and down a couple of drinks. I knew for my plan to work Candi would have to get a buzz going. After dinner we made our way back to the bar and sucked down a few more. I could tell by her giggling she was getting a little tipsy. 

After I was sure she was well on her way to being drunk we left and headed for a local pool hall. I the drive there she was feeling a little frisky. She would spread her legs so her skirt would ride up and expose her neatly shaved pussy. I could see it glistening every time we passed under a streetlight. She was soaking wet. Candi reached down and started rubbing her clit. I tried to slow her down a little. I did not want her spent before we even got started. I knew how fast she could go from start to finish. This night was going to last a long time if I could help it.

When we finally arrived at the pool hall she had calmed down a little bit. We got out of the car a walked in to a room full of stares. I knew they sure as hell weren’t staring at me. A couple of guys in the back corner whistled as we walked up to the counter. It was a dimly lit place except for the lights above the tables. The bartender poured us a couple of drinks and handed us our rack and set of balls. Candi enjoys playing pool, especially bending over and giving everybody a great view of her round heart shaped ass. We found an open table closer to the back. As I started to rack, I scanned the room. I counted about 30 guys and maybe 6 other women. 

Candi broke the first game and just loved showing off by bending over too far for the table of four guys next to us. I could tell by the look in their eyes that they got a glimpse of her bare snatch. They were like a pack of rabid dogs with their mouths watering. I had seen these guys in there before. They were usually pretty good shots, but every time Candi got up to shoot one of them would miss. It was fun watching them try to concentrate on their game. 

We played a couple a games when one of the came over and put up his quarters to play. He introduced himself as Frank. He was not that bad looking. I am no judge of how guys look, but he wasn’t ugly. The waitress came around bringing us another round of drinks, which Frank offered to buy. 

Frank exclaimed, “This round is on me for the great view your wife has been giving us.”

Candi quickly thanked him for the drinks by giving him a quick peck on the cheek. She asked, “Would you like to play partners this game?”

Frank had to think quick. I could tell the wheels in his brain were turning.

Frank suggested, “How about if we play cut throat as partners?”

I said, “That sounds fine to us.”

Frank called his three buddies over and introduced them to us, “ These are my friends Dave, Mike and Bill.”

Candi quickly walked up to each one and gave each a peck on the cheek. She was loving all the attention she was getting from these guys. She noticed them staring at her ass every time she went to take a shot. She also noticed that they all were trying to hide the bulges in their pants by putting the cue stick between their legs when they were standing.

I swear I could see a drip of her juices rolling down her leg as she stood there being introduced to them. I knew she was ready for any thing. She always had a look of an animal in heat when she was ready to go. She looks like some sex crazed nympho. Tonight she was like a kid in a candy store. Her mouth was watering at the idea of being able to sample each one. She was having fun playing with the guys. She would walk around the table for each shot a gently rub her tits against each ones back as she tried to squeeze past. A couple of times a saw her sit on the stools around the table and spread her legs a little to give them a better view of her dripping wet pussy. Candi would often miss her shot. I never knew if she was doing this on purpose so the game would last longer. After about the fifth time Frank walked up behind her as she bent over to take her next shot. He bent over her and slid his arms around her to help guide her shot.

He explained, “If you hold the cue like this and aim high on the ball it should bring it back to you for your next shot.

When he stepped behind her, she backed up a step to grind her round ass into his crotch. He pulled his hands away from hers on the cue to let her try and make the shot. He did not move from where he was standing. I could see he had slid one hand up under her skirt. When she took the shot he brought his hand up to his mouth and licked the tip of his index finger. She made the shot even though her eyes were closed. When the ball went in the pocket, she jumped in excitement at making the shot. On her way back down Frank grabbed her by the waist and spun her around. Candi quickly met his mouth with hers. He had a shocked look on his face as she slipped her tongue into his waiting mouth.

This was all anybody else in the place needed to see. Quickly others were putting quarters up to play next. I thought a riot was going to break out. These guys and a couple of the other women were practically fighting about who was going to play us next. I could tell Frank’s friends were getting jealous about the attention he was getting. Little did they know they would all get there turn. My plan was starting to work. We had always talked about her taking on a group of guys. This was going to be her chance to give it a shot.

Every shot after that, each one took their turning helping her. She was loving getting fingered ever couple of minutes. Candi even started taking their turns for them. They just wanted to get a turn with her. I tried to get in my turns as well. Even the ones not involved in the game came over to help her. A couple of the women came over and spent the most time helping line up each shot. They would all whisper in her ear and she would get wicked smile. Her nipples were standing straight out and her chest was heaving from being so turned on. 

The waitress brought over another round for us. She came straight to me and served mine first.

The waitress asked, “Don’t you mind all of these people having their way with your wife?”

I quickly answered, “That is why we are here.”

She joined in the fun too. She brought my wife her drink. She stepped in behind her and reached around handing it to her. As Candi took the bottle from the waitress, her hand slipped back between Candi’s arm and rib cage. The waitress slowly made her way up to fondling Candi’s right tit. Candi closed her eyes and let out a soft moan. She enjoyed have her tits fondled. The waitress didn’t seem to mind either. The crowd that had gathered were now watching these two. The waitress reached around with her other hand and caressed Candi’s left breast. Frank, who was the boldest of the group stepped in front of them. He leaned in a kissed Candi long and hard. This went on for a couple of minutes. He slowly moved his right hand up Candi’s inner thigh. It was soon up inside her skirt. Looking closely you could just barely make out his hand pumping away at her wet slit. Candi broke the kiss and stepped away from the waitress. She was ready to be fucked till the end of time. 

The bartender quickly made his way to the front of the hall and locked the door. After the place was closed up he proclaimed, “ Let the games begin!”

The group had taken their cue. Two men lifted Candi onto the pool table. Within a matter of seconds her blouse and skirt were off. She was beautiful laying there in her black lace bra, fishnet stockings, and garter belt. She laid there cooing as she was being groped by the crowd. There was no turning back now. Candi was in for the ride of her life.

The first to have his turn was Frank. He quickly got his pants down and went right to work. He did not even try to work his cock in. In stead he just rammed it right at her wet cunt. She took a deep breath as soon as he hit bottom. He fucked like there was no tomorrow. Ramming her fast and hard. Within a couple of minutes he was spent and collapsed on top of Candi.

She pushed him off and asked, “Who’s next?”

Almost everybody at once announced, “I am!”

The next one climbed up on the table and put his dick right up to her waiting lips. She opened her mouth and sucked him right in. He pumped away at her warm mouth. Candi’s head bobbed to match his rhythm. A second guy stepped up between her legs easing his way into her freshly used cunt. As the second one pushed his way into her gash you could see the cum ooze out around the sides of his cock. She let out a muffled moan as he entered her. She was in ecstasy having her face and pussy fucked at the same time. These two quickly spent their loads. The on fucking her mouth pulled out half way through cumming to let the rest land on her chin while the other came on her stomach.

One of the women in the crowd stepped forward to lick the dripping cum off her chin and stomach. When she had Candi cleaned up she moved up onto the table and began to kiss her. I could see them swapping the fresh cum. Another woman stepped forward and put her tongue to use on cleaning Candi’s gaping hole. The crowd was getting more excited watching these three in action. After they had her cleaned up the two women slid back off the table and said, “She’s ready for whose next.”

Three men from the back of the group came forward. They turned Candi over on her hands and knees. One climbed underneath her and impaled her on his hard cock. The second climbed up an placed his dick in front of her face. The third spit on the crack of her round ass and his prick. She tried to let out a whimper as the one behind he slowly pushed the head into her asshole. The cock in her mouth muffled her objection. I have fucked her in her tight hole before, but never dry like she was. I could see her eyes were closed tight from the pain. As he slowly pumped and worked more of his cock inside her tight sphincter she began to relax. It was quite a sight watching these three pump away at here. Candi tried to work in a rhythm between the three. The on in her ass came first. He began to get rigid and let out a loud growl as he pumped his seed into her dark tight hole. The next one to finish was the guy at her mouth. She knew how to suck a cock. He came hard and she tried to swallow every drop. Only a couple of spurts ran down the sides of her mouth. The waitress climbed up to lick the cum from the side of her mouth. When the waitress got up on the table, the guy below my wife grabbed the waitress and placed each of her legs on either side of his face. My wife and the waitress started swirling their tongues together. Candi bouncing of this guys cock and the waitress rocking back and forth on his face.

Another gentlemen stepped behind Candi and slammed his cock in to her gaping asshole. Candi broke the kiss and let out a loud scream. As he slammed away she again relaxed and began her interlude with the waitress again. The guy below the came in Candi’s wet pussy. His hot seed deep inside her made her cum again. She was having the time of her life.

When the guy ramming her ass finished, Candi got up and laid on her back. Her head hung off one end of the table while her legs were spread. She was ready to be fucked by one and all. The guys took turns fucking her open mouth and cunt. The cum was pouring out of her now wide open pussy.

She was being used by everybody and loving it. One after another would fuck her waiting mouth. Some would pull out and spew their cum on her face, tits, and hair. Her face was covered in cum. Her make up was running together with the cum. She would grab whoever was standing to either side of her face and pump their pricks with her hands. She had hot seed pouring out of her pussy. She must have been fucked 15 times. In between every third guy, one of the women would climb up and suck some of the cum from her pussy. They took turns fucking Candi and letting her suck their cocks.

After about two hours the waitress asked, “Aren’t you going to join in.”

I said, “No this is her night. Why ruin it?”

The waitress got down on her knees and unzipped my pants. She had warm soft lips. She opened up her lips every so slightly and began to suck in the head of my cock. She made her lips tight against my hard cock. While she pumped her mouth on my cock, I watched my wife being used like some dirty whore. After a couple of minutes I lifted the waitress up on to the table next to my wife. I pulled her panties off and knelt between her waiting legs, licking away at her moist mound.

I felt a hand grab my hair and pull me up. It was my wife.

She mouthed, “ Fuck her now. I want to watch you cum in her now.”

That was all the encouragement I needed. I slid my dick in her wet pussy. She moaned as I entered her. Candi and the waitress’ heads turned to meet each other. The kissed while I fuck the waitress and someone else fucked my wife. The two were in heaven. I fucked away at the waitress. Taking my time to enjoy every minute of the show. Candi was being fucked silly. She was covered from head to toe with cum. Some of it was puddle up on here belly. The other women would walk up and dip their fingers in it and have a taste for them selves. I kept pumping away at the waitress the whole time.

Finally after what seemed like an hour I came harder than I ever have before. The waitress was driven to orgasm as I came deep inside her. Seeing this my wife let out with a loud moan in an orgasm of her own. Three of us laid there spent. My wife covered in cum and I deep inside the waitress. 

After about fifteen minutes of laying there we slowly got up. We each got dressed and walked to the door. Most of the people had gone home after taking their shot at my wife. The bartender opened the door for us as we left. The waitress got in the car with us and off we drove to our house. We some times go back to the pool hall. The waitress, who will remain nameless, is now my second wife. She may not be as wild as the first, but she is just as good at sucking as the first one was.