 This story contains episodes of straight sex, gay sex and lesbian sex. All characters are 18 years old and older and they engage in vaginal sex, anal sex and oral sex. If this is offensive to you as a reader I suggest that you do not read this story. Originally it was planned to be only one chapter but it got quite long so I have divided it into smaller chapters. As always your comments and feedback are welcome and encouraged. 

CURT'S SEDUCTION

The following week when Curt was working on the Smit's pool, Cindy came out on the lanai to do her stretching exercises. The Smit's had fitness equipment in the basement but it was roomier on the lanai to stretch out. Cindy knew her ass was her best asset and she worked diligently to keep it firm. She also loved her flat tummy and she was religious about her abdominal workout. She had just completed her workout inside and her ass looked firm then ever as her glutes were pumped up. Cindy told Curt to continue working on the pool while she stretched.

Curt was enamored with Cindy. He watched her every chance he got marveling at her beautiful blonde athletic body as moved gracefully through the exercises. Curt was convinced the she was not wearing a bra or panties under her t-shirt and shorts. Her nipples poked through the cotton material of her tee and he spotted no panty lines under her shorts. Cindy's shorts were so tight that he could see the crease in her pussy and when she bent over the tight shorts rode up on her buttocks and exposed part of her ass cheeks. He had all he could do to compose himself to avoid getting an erection. Little did he know that in a couple of hours that she would leave nothing to his imagination?

"Curt after I workout and stretch I usually swim laps. Do I need to go inside to get a bathing suit or are you okay with me swimming nude?" Cindy asked Curt.

After Curt picked up his jaw from the ground he stammered, "It's okay to swim nude. I'm cool with it."

"Great," Cindy said as she stripped off her tee shirt and shorts and entered the pool.

Curt's eyes went right to her fantastic ass and he marveled at how it stuck out so far and was so firm. Curt's cock stirred when he saw the beautiful naked Cindy swimming laps in the pool. 

"Come in and join me. I like to have company when I swim laps," Cindy urged.

"But I'm not wearing a suit," Curt replied.

"So what's the big deal? You have already seen me naked. Lose the shorts and come on in," Cindy urged.

Curt shed his clothes and got in the pool quickly to allow the cool water to calm his urges. The two of them swam laps in the pool and Curt could not keep pace with the very fit Cindy. Curt swam as long as he could and then left the pool to towel off and rest on one of the lounges. As he sat on the lounge his focus was on Cindy as she swam laps with a variety of strokes. He loved the way her ass peeked through the water's surface as she used the crawl stroke but her breast stroke the best as she curled her legs under her torso and thrust them back accentuating her ass muscles. Curt was getting turned on and placed the towel in his lap to conceal his growing erection. Curt was brought back to reality when he heard Cindy call out to him. 

"Just a couple more laps and we will hit the Jacuzzi," she said.

Curt took this opportunity to get into the Jacuzzi and he was relieved that the bubbles from the jets served to hide his erection. Cindy soon joined him and the two of them relaxed in the pleasant massage action of the jets. The two of them talked easily as if it were the most natural thing in the world to be naked in a Jacuzzi. Curt's cock was throbbing under water. Curt could barely make out Cindy's firm tits just below the water's surface. Curt was getting an erection again and he hoped that he could stay in the Jacuzzi long enough for his cock to deflate. Then Ricky came out dressed and yelled goodbye to them. Curt didn't even know that Ricky was home

"Hey you two don't do anything I wouldn't do," Ricky yelled to them teasingly.

"That leaves it pretty wide open," Cindy yelled back.

Ricky finally left and Curt all of a sudden felt compromised in the Jacuzzi alone with the beautiful naked Cindy. Cindy sensed his discomfort and made some small talk to relax him a little. It didn't take her long to shift the conversation to sex.

"So Curt, have you hooked up with any girls in high school?" she inquired.

"No not yet, I guess I will have to wait until school starts," he replied.

"So have you fucked any girls yet? I assume that you had some experience, is that right?" Cindy continued.

"Well yes, but she moved away and she was the only one," Curt replied somewhat shocked at the question.

"She told me a lot of things including her own experience. I know you two are a little frustrated now but you should have no trouble once school starts," Cindy encouraged.

Curt couldn't believe that he was having this conversation with this naked blonde beauty in a Jacuzzi. There was no chance of his erection subsiding soon.

"Curt would you like to fuck me?" Cindy asked and then said, "I would like to fuck you."

Curt could not believe his ears. He was lost for words at first but then he finally managed to say, "Ricky, what about Ricky?" 

"Oh Ricky knows that I want to fuck you. You see we are a very open and loving couple. We fuck each other but we like to fuck other people too," Cindy explained.

Cindy slid over to him in the Jacuzzi and Curt jumped when their skin touched. Cindy slid her hand under the water and across his thigh and grabbed hold of his erect cock. Curt almost came on the spot when she touched him.

"Wow! Is this for me," she teased as she stroked the erect cock.

"Please don't," Curt whimpered.

"Now you know you don't mean that. I saw you checking me out all morning and now you have your chance to do something about it," Cindy went on.

Curt gasped as she stroked his cock under the water. He felt like he would cum any minute if she didn't stop. He tried to think of something else but that was impossible with the beautiful blonde stroking his cock. Cindy sensed that Curt was extremely turned on and she didn't want him to shoot his load in the Jacuzzi. She was actually looking forward to tasting his young sperm.

"Curt sit on the edge of the Jacuzzi," Cindy coaxed him.

Curt lifted his body up out of the water and sat on the edge on the Jacuzzi. His face was beet red but his erect cock gave away his desire. Cindy liked his cock it was a little bigger and thicker than her husband Ricky's and about the same size as Ryan's. She smiled at him and held his cock lovingly.

"You have a beautiful cock and I am going to enjoy sucking it," Cindy said in a very sultry tone.

Curt was speechless as he watched Cindy lower her head and engulf his cock in her warm sensuous mouth. He gasped as she closed her lips around it and then began to bob up and down. Cindy deep throated him and he felt her lips touch his pubic hair as she swallowed his entire cock. He almost lost it at that moment.

Cindy continued to suck his cock and she swirled her tongue around and nibbled the head driving Curt crazy. Cindy sensed that he was close to blowing his load and she cupped his tight balls and massaged them as she tightened her mouth around his cock. That did it and Curt could feel his cum travel from his balls through his scrotum as he started to cum.

"Oh shit, here it is. I'm cumming," he screamed but it was more of announcement than a warning.

Cindy stayed glued to his cock and swallowed every drop of his seed as it rushed into her mouth. Curt came in droves and Cindy had to swallow quickly to keep his seed from running out of her mouth. Curt could not believe how Cindy worked his cock and swallowed every drop. None of the girls he had been with ever swallowed his cum. Cindy was pleased with his youthful discharge and she knew that he would be hard again in no time so that he could fuck her. Curt shot quite a load in her mouth almost as much as Ryan did with his first load of the day.

Cindy sucked and nibbled and teased Curt to no end. Finally he begged her to stop and he slid back into the Jacuzzi to rest and recover. Cindy slid next to him and turned his face toward hers. She kissed him deeply plunging her tongue into his mouth allowing him to sample the after taste of cum. Curt reached for her and took her in his arms. Curt fondled her tits, thighs and ass as they kissed. He could feel himself getting erect again as they cuddled, petted and kissed in the Jacuzzi.

Cindy felt him firming up again and reached for his cock under the water. She thought to herself that there was no substitute for youth. Cindy stood up and lifted Curt to his feet and smiled as she broke their kiss.

"Come on, let's take this in the house where we will be more comfortable," she said sexily.

Curt followed Cindy into the house and to her bedroom. He never took his eyes off of her shapely legs and killer ass the entire time. They entered the bedroom and Cindy turned to face him.

"Have you ever eaten pussy before?" she asked.

"Just the one time," Curt confessed.

"Good, let's see how you do. Once the girls in your class learn that you eat pussy they will be lining up to date you," Cindy told him.

Cindy got on her back on the bed and spread her legs. Her hands went down to her pussy and she stroked her quim and opened it for Curt to see. Curt just stared at her in all her beauty lying on the bed. Her blonde hair spread across the bed, her firm tits and hard nipples stuck up in the air and her voluptuous tanned body was splayed before him. Cindy held her arms open to him and then guided him to her body as he leaned in toward her.

Cindy coached him through every move of his second cunninglus experience. Curt buried his tongue in Cindy's pussy shoving it in as if he was fucking her. Cindy directed the action and she soon had him nibbling on her clit while he fingered her pussy. Curt was really getting into the action particularly because of the way he had Cindy squirming and tossing on the bed. Cindy moved her legs over Curt's shoulders and pulled his head closer to her pussy. Curt held on to Cindy shapely buttocks and squeezed and fondled her firm ass cheeks as he ate her pussy.

"Oh, oh, yes right there. You got it. Suck it, chew on it, oh my!" Cindy cried out.

Curt continued to eat her pussy as he held her ass tightly in his hands. He then moved his hands up to her tits and found her hard nipples. Curt massaged her boobs and twirled her nipples in his fingertips as he continued to munch on her pussy and clit. Cindy was tossing and thrusting her pussy into Curt's face and calling for him to eat her.

"Put a finger in my ass," urged Cindy.

Curt remembered how Marilyn liked this too and he duplicated the action with Cindy. Curt stuck his middle finger in Cindy's pussy and got it good and wet with her juices. He then positioned it at Cindy's asshole and shoved it in. Cindy gasped with the abrupt anal penetration but soon had Curt's finger buried in her ass. Curt pumped his finger in and out of Cindy's ass as he continued to maul her pussy with his mouth. Curt loved the feel of his finger in the warm recess of Cindy's ass.

Cindy stiffened and gasped aloud as she came on Curt's face. Curt held on to her with his finger still buried in her ass and his mouth glued to her cunt. He felt the waves of orgasm rock Cindy's body and his face was flooded with her cunt juice. Cindy kept humping his face until the last of her orgasms passed and she flopped back on the bed.

Curt slipped his finger from her ass and his hands found her breasts again. He stroked her tits and nipples as he gently licked her pussy dry of all her juices. Curt finished eating her and then sat up kneeling between Cindy legs. Curt followed Cindy's eyes to his cock and then he realized that he was hard again.

Cindy smiled at him and said, "That was wonderful the girl that taught you knew what she was doing. Now I want to feel that cocking my ass! You want to fuck my ass don't you?"

Curt was ecstatic and nodded as he gasped, "Yes."

Cindy smiled at him and then got off the bed. She retrieved some lubricant from the nightstand and handed it to Curt. Cindy then got on all fours and directed Curt to lube her ass. Just as Marilyn had taught him Curt lubricated Cindy's fantastic ass. Curt got turned on by putting the lube in her asshole. He enjoyed fingering her hole and caressing her curvy ass. Cindy rotated her ass in arousal as Curt inserted a second finger into her bung hole.

"Okay I'm ready for your cock Curt, fuck me in the ass," ordered Cindy.

Curt knelt behind her and eased his hard cock into her ass. He worked it in slowly and reveled in the methodical penetration of her luscious ass. Curt had never felt anything like this before. Cindy's ass was a warm tight receptacle. Cindy used her anal muscles to perfection as she massaged Curt's cock in her anal sheath. Curt caressed both of Cindy's gorgeous ass cheeks as he fucked her ass deeply. They both sensed he was about to cum again and Curt picked up his pace as Cindy squeezed his cock with more intensity.

"Cum in my ass, I want your cum in my ass. I want to feel shoot into me," Cindy cried out.

Her words sent Curt over the edge and he fired his second load of the day into Cindy's hot ass. Cindy felt the warm sperm coat her rectal passage, a feeling that she never tired of. She squeezed her anal muscles and milked Curt's cock dry of every drop of cum. Curt continued to fuck her slowly until his cock softened and slipped from her ass. Curt just looked at her beautiful ass and watched as trickles of cum ran out of her ass down her thighs and across the lips of her pussy.

"Well, well, well what have we here?" a voice belonging to Ryan bellowed.

"So it looks like you two had fun," mocked Ricky.

Curt looked at them and both guys were standing naked in the room sporting erections. Ryan had come back to the house with Ricky and they were obviously ready for action. Curt just stared at the two young men with their cocks hard and ready.

"Just in time guys, I think Curt needs a rest," Cindy giggled.

Ryan lay down on his back on the bed and Cindy straddled him lowering her hot pussy onto his dick. Curt watched in amazement as Cindy took every inch of Ryan's thick meat in her cunt. Her husband Ricky knelt behind her and slid his hard cock into her ass. Curt watched the three of them fuck until the guys had shot their wads into Cindy's holes. Ricky pulled out of Cindy's ass but Ryan continued to fuck her driving Cindy crazy with orgasm after orgasm. Ricky moved around and put his cock in his wife's mouth as Cindy continued to ride Ryan's cock. Ricky looked over at Curt and saw that he was hard again from watching the action.

"There is still an open hole for you," Ricky told Curt.

Curt quickly got behind Cindy and shoved his cock back into her ass. Her ass was very slippery from the lube and the two loads of cum from Ricky and him. Curt got into a rhythm with Ryan as they fucked Cindy. He could feel Ryan's cock on the other side of Cindy's thin membrane. It felt strange but erotic to have his cock feel another inside of the girl they were fucking. Ryan was the first to cum which in turn set Curt off again as he could feel Ryan's cock pulsate on the other side of the thin membrane. They were followed by Ricky who flooded his wife's mouth. The four of them collapsed on the bed from the intense fuck session.

"God that was great. Now that Curt has joined us I can get triple fucked anytime I want," Cindy said with a sigh.

Curt still could not believe his good fortune and how far he had come in just one afternoon. He had only had sex with Marilyn until today. Now he had oral sex cumming in Cindy's mouth; he had eaten her pussy and he got to fuck Cindy's hot ass twice. Most incredible was his participation in a triple fuck. Curt would never forget the image of Cindy the beautiful blonde with three cocks in her including his in her scrumptious ass. 

Ryan, Ricky, Cindy and Curt showered and went back to the pool. They swam, sat around, sunbathed in the nude and talked as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Curt was amazed at these three could just have had sex, included him and acted as if it was part of the daily routine. After awhile Ryan was horny again and Ricky slid over and sucked his cock. Curt stared in amazement as he watched Ricky's head bob up and down on Ryan's impressive cock.

Cindy smiled at Curt and beckoned him to her lounge chair. She spread her legs for Curt as he walked over to her with his cock hard and ready. Curt leaned forward and aimed his cock at Cindy's pussy. He slid in easily to the hilt and reveled in the warmth of her cunt. Curt began to pump his cock in and out of Cindy's pussy as she wrapped her shapely legs around his back. Cindy pulled him in with her legs and positioned herself so that her clit was in constant contact with his cock. Curt began to pound Cindy's pussy and Cindy humped her hips back at him just as hard. The two of them fucked each other frantically breathing heavy and grunting and moaning. Cindy had another orgasm but continued to fuck Curt toward his. Cindy lost count of her orgasms before Curt finally filled her pussy with his spunk. 

Curt stiffened and then thrust into her each time he felt his cum ejaculate. Cindy rocked with him and she clenched her cunt muscles squeezing every drop of cum from his cock. Curt collapsed on her body as he felt the last surge of cum leave his cock. Cindy held him tight as he relaxed his body. Curt had never felt so good in his life. He couldn't believe his good fortune in fucking a woman like Cindy.

Cindy rolled to her side and Curt rolled with her. They held to each other and gently caressed each other's sweaty body. Cindy pushed Curt on his back and then she kissed her way down his chest passed his stomach to his cock. Curt gasped in surprise when Cindy took his cock in her mouth and sucked it clean of their combined juices. As she sucked him, Curt looked over at Ryan and Ricky. Ricky had finished sucking Ryan's cock and they had both watched Curt fuck Cindy again. Then Cindy moved up his body and kissed him deeply shoving her tongue in his mouth again. Cindy wanted to be sure that he got to taste both of them and that he shed any inhibitions that he previously had.

After that day Curt couldn't wait to get back to the Smit's house for pool work and hopefully another crack at Cindy's body. During the week Curt masturbated each night at home as he visualized his cock sliding in and out of Cindy's hot ass.

CURT MEETS DEBBIE 

Curt had finished cleaning the swimming pool but he was disappointed that Cindy was not home. Ricky invited him to hang out at the pool while they both waited for Cindy to return from shopping with Debbie, Ryan's current girl friend. Ricky told Curt that he wanted to sunbathe in the nude and he invited Curt to join him. Since they had already been naked together Curt agreed but he was still nervous about Cindy's friend Debbie finding them both naked.

Ricky talked to Curt about sex and he questioned Curt about Cindy. Ricky asked in Curt liked fucking Cindy in her marvelous ass. Ricky made Curt nervous as he talked about his wife and how much Cindy loved to get butt fucked and how much she liked feeling Curt's volcanic ejaculations fill her asshole. Curt started to get an erection with all the erotic talk by Ricky and Ricky noticed Curt's boner.

"Hey Curt I can see that you're hard again just from thinking about Cindy. Why don't I suck your cock while we're waiting for her to return? It will be a cool way to pass the time," Ricky urged.

"I don't know Ricky, I'm not into guys. You know that," Curt stammered.

"You don't have to do anything but relax. I'll do the work," Ricky countered. 
