 84

The number clicked over in my head as I touched the end of the swimming pool, turned, and set off for another length. I swam quickly, enjoying the calmness, the silence, around me.

85

I turned again, my shoulders starting to ache as I think that a hundred lengths would be about right.

86

It was quite late, which was how I liked it as I had the pool to myself. I had timed it just right -- an hour in the gym, then into the pool just as everyone else was starting to leave.

87

Max, the guy on duty in the gym, didn't mind -- he had to stay to clear up anyway, and as I was a regular he was happy to leave me to it.

88

I turned again, enjoying the solitude around me, the feel of the water swishing past me as I swam, as I dropped my face into the water with each stroke.

89

Crash!

As I turned, my solitude was torn away as two people jumped into the pool a few yards from where I was swimming. A wave washed over me, rocking me as I swam past, the water a mass of bubbles around me as they surfaced. I cursed under my breath at their intrusion, as the silence was shattered around me.

90

I turned again, thinking I might skip the last ten lengths I'd planned to do. As my head rose out of the water, I saw the two people swimming towards me. I could see that they were a couple, perhaps in their late twenties, a few years younger than me.

91

I decided to carry on. As I turned, I saw that the man had stopped at the far end, and was stood looking down the pool, his arms along the ledge behind him. The woman was still swimming, and was now heading towards me. We passed each other, only a few feet apart. I could see her long black hair streaming out behind her as she swam. As my head dipped below the surface again I turned towards her, my eyes opening wide as I caught a glimpse of her for the first time, as her eyes caught mine, as her lips smiled at me. 

92

I turned quickly, something about her drawing me in. I looked towards her each time my face dropped below the surface of the water, watching her through the clear water. She was swimming breast stroke, her full breasts straining against her swimming costume, her deep cleavage and an outline of her nipples clearly visible. The thin material of her costume clung to her belly as well, before disappearing between her long legs, the sides of it ending high up on her thighs.

93

I swam faster now, wanting to watch her again, enjoying the stirring in my own costume. I'd almost reached the end of the pool when I saw her again. I slowed down as I swam past her, turning my head towards her. She looked at me, her eyes catching mine again for a fleeting second as we passed each other.

94

I turned quickly, eager to catch her up. I followed her, watching her taut ass rocking from side to side, her legs opening exquisitely as she swam, as she did her breast stroke kicks. She slowed down, exaggerating her movements, knowing that I was behind her, knowing where I was looking.

I followed her, just to one side, my eyes locked on her ass, on the way her costume clung to her firm cheeks, on the outline of the tight cleft between her cheeks, on her legs, on what lay between them. The strip of material between her legs looked impossibly narrow, the back of her costume riding up high on one side, offering me an arc of pale flesh, of her ass.

I veered away as she swam straight towards the man waiting at the end of the pool, suddenly fearful that I'd gone too far. I caught his smile as she stopped in front of him, as I touched the end and turned, having lost count for the first time. I mentally shrugged, visions of her flooding my mind. I swam to the other end, thinking I'd do a few more lengths, if only to let my cock recover, before I climbed out of the pool. But as I turned, I could still see them at the end of the pool.

As I swam back and got closer, I couldn't drag my eyes away from them. He was still stood up, but she was stood between his legs now, his arms around her, clasped in the small of her back, holding her tight to him. I could only imagine his cock pressing against her, but then I glimpsed them kissing, and -- as I turned -- his hand moving down onto her perfect ass. For a second, their lips parted and he glanced over her shoulder at me, smiling as he caressed her ass before dropping his mouth back to hers.

I reached the far end, and swam back quickly, wanting to see more. My cock lurched as I saw that his hands were cupped under her ass now, her legs wrapped around him, their mouths locked together. My cock hardened even more as I saw how she was rocking her body against him, my mind working overtime as I thought about her rubbing herself against his cock -- or were they already doing more, were they fucking?

My mind was in overdrive as I swam to the far end, and turned -- just in time to see him walking across the end of the pool towards the adjoining Jacuzzi, the bulge in his trunks obvious even from where I was stood. I almost stopped swimming as I saw her edging towards the steps at the end of the pool, and then climbing out.

She moved slowly, climbing up the few steps one at a time, her ass rocking with each step, pressing against her costume. My cock was straining in my swimming trunks as I watched her, as she walked across in front of me, her breasts barely contained my her costume, which now seemed smaller than ever.

She smiled at me as I reached the end of the pool, before stepping down into the Jacuzzi. I paused for a moment before turning, about to swim off again. I was about to kick off when I heard her call out.

"Why don't you join us?"

Her voice was slightly husky, and with my mind in overdrive sounded incredibly sexy. I watched as she lowered herself into the Jacuzzi and slid around to sit down beside the man. He slipped an arm around her shoulders, caressing her softly. I watched them for a moment, conscious of her eyes on me -- and of the bulge in my costume. Her eyes seemed to sweep down my body as I stood in the waist deep water.

"It's okay," she called out with a giggly laugh, "we won't look."

She looked at me as if she was daring me to climb out of the pool, knowing full well the effect she was having on me. I turned towards the edge of the pool and climbed out, sitting on the edge for a moment before standing up. She looked me up and down, openly, frankly, her eyes taking in my lean, hard body -- and the more than obvious bulge in my trunks.

"I'm Sara," she told me as I stepped quickly into the Jacuzzi, "and this is Andy."

I smiled nervously at her, all too aware of her eyes on me.

"Steve," I croaked nervously as I sat down opposite them.

She smiled at me again, a teasing, knowing smile that sent a shiver down my spine. She swept her hair back from her face, her eyes on mine as she pushed her breasts forward, straining against the thin material of her swimming costume, her nipples round and erect. She sank back into the bubbling water, her arms stretched out along the edge of the Jacuzzi behind her, her breasts pushed forward.

"Mmmmmm, this is lovely, so relaxing," she told us after a few minutes of relaxing silence, "Mind you, it would be even better if we didn't have to wear costumes ... we would feel so free ... do you think they would mind ... there's no one else around ..."

And before I could react in any way other than feeling my cock lurch in my trunks again, she was wriggling out of her costume, which she then dropped onto the floor beside the Jacuzzi with a wet "splat".

"That's better," she announced, wriggling in the water, her arms behind her again.

I stared at her, at her full, firm breasts floating free just below the surface of the water, her dark, hard nipples appearing between the bubbles.

"You two should join me," she told us, leaning over towards Andy, "It feels wonderful."

Moments later, Andy's trunks joined Sara's swimming costume at the side of the pool. I caught a glimpse of his cock as he sat back. It was clear that he was already hard, his cock jutting out from his powerfully built body.

"Your turn," Sara told me in that same 'I dare you' voice that she had used before.

As she spoke, she leaned over towards Andy, her hand dipping into the water about where I knew his cock must be. I could only imagine what was going on under the surface of the water as her hand began to move slowly up and down, her eyes locked on mine. I held her gaze as I slipped my trunks off -- and as she beckoned me to her. I slid around the Jacuzzi until I was sat next to her, my painfully hard cock dragging through the water.

Still holding Andy's cock, she leant over and kissed me softly on the mouth, her breasts pressing against my arm, her thigh hard against mine. I stared at her breasts as she sat back a little, my cock jerking, surfacing for a moment between the bubbles swirling around us.

Sara reached out and touched me, her hand sliding along my shaft, a look of appreciation on her face as she felt how thick, how hard, how long I was. As I watched her hand moving along me, I saw the wedding ring glistening on her finger for the first time.

"I think we need to do something about these," she murmured, her lips only inches from mine, her hands moving slowly along both our cocks.

"And soon," she added, as I moaned out loud.

With that, Sara stood up, water cascading off her naked body. For a moment I glimpsed her breasts, large and firm, beautifully rounded with small, dark nipples. Her belly was flat, a small gold stud glistening at her navel, her legs long and shapely. As she turned and stepped out of the Jacuzzi, I drank in the sight of her narrow back, a tattoo swirling across her smooth skin just above the flare of her waist and her rounded ass -- and then, just for a brief moment, her pussy, peeping out from between her thighs.

She leant over for a second and picked up her towel, her perfect heart shaped ass pointing directly at me, her ass winking briefly, her pussy framed again by her thighs, her pouting lips barely hidden behind the short, dark curly hair that covered her mound.

"Come on then," she called out as she wrapped a towel around herself.

Andy grinned at me, and climbed out of the Jacuzzi to stand next to his wife. She handed him a towel, but for a moment he was stood naked. He was obviously powerfully built, but it was his cock that my eyes were automatically drawn to. He was as hard as me, his cock jutting out from his body, long and hard, his shaft curving upwards before flaring out into his bulbous cock head. I stepped out after him, grabbing a towel to wrap around my waist, all too aware of their eyes on me, on my cock.

I grabbed my trunks up off the floor, and led the way along the side of the pool towards the changing rooms, not really sure of what might happen next, not really believing what had happened already. I walked up the short corridor that led to the Men's changing room, all too aware of the tent at the front of my towel. As I pushed open the door to the changing room, I realised that Sara and Andy weren't behind me any more.

I glanced back, and saw them appear from around the corner, Andy backing Sara against the wall as they kissed fiercely. He had one hand on her breast, squeezing her through her towel while his other hand was on her ass. She had one arm around his neck, holding him tight, her other hand pressed against his cock.

I stood staring at them, my cock throbbing. Sara looked my way for a second, her eyes teasing, and then looked away again, as if I was forgotten. I turned away and shoved the door open, slamming it behind me with frustration at my own naivety, my own stupidity, as I crashed into the empty changing room. I dragged my towel off and flung it towards the hooks on the wall opposite the shower cubicles, ignoring it when it dropped onto the floor. 

I stepped into one of the cubicles and turned on the shower, not bothering to pull the curtain closed behind me as I stepped under the water. I turned my face towards the water, my eyes closed, still angry with myself, feeling totally stupid. What was I thinking?

I didn't know she was there until I felt her naked breasts pressing against my back, and her hand sliding around to hold my cock. My eyes flew open as she peeled the skin back on my still semi erect cock.

"I hope you didn't think that I was teasing you," she asked huskily, her mouth close to my ear.

I groaned as she pressed her body to me and stroked my shaft, slowly, sensually, my cock rising up, thick and hard, in her hand. I leant forward, my hands on the wall in front of me as her other hand reached for my ass, her fingers probing before sliding between my open legs to cradle my balls for a moment.

Sara rubbed herself against me, her firm breasts against my back, her hard nipples pressing into my skin. And all the time she was stroking my cock, her hand moving slowly up and down my shaft. She kissed my back, her lips soft on my skin as the water from the shower continued to pour over us.

She jerked against me, letting out a long moan at the same time. She squeezed my cock and leant forward to whisper in my ear.

"Andy's fucking my cunt," she murmured.

And with that, he drove into her again, forcing her against me. I straightened my arms, pressing back against her as he drove her against me with his thrusting cock. Sara stroked my cock faster and faster, bringing my balls to bursting point, as her husband fucked her hard. I groaned as she brought me closer and closer to cumming, my cock rigid in her hand.

"Turn around," she moaned as she squeezed my cock hard.

I spun around, and for a second stared at her gorgeous body, at her full breasts and pebble like nipples. Her breasts swayed forward as she dropped to her knees and sucked me into her warm mouth. I cried out as her tongue swirled around my cock head, as I thrust forward, driving my cock into her mouth.

Behind her, Andy started to fuck her again, this time with long, slow, strokes, his hands on her narrow waist. I watched as he stretched his fingers across her cheeks, his thumbs rubbing at her puckered ass. I caught glimpses of his cock, slick with Sara's juices, as he almost pulled out of her before sliding his cock back inside her body. 

I reached for her head, holding her, my fingers entwined in her long black hair as I fucked her mouth, as she rocked between our cocks. I let out an almost animal like yell as I came, my cum erupting into her wanton mouth as she sucked me hard. Her lips were clamped around me, catching all of my cum, not letting go for a second as my cock slid in and out of her mouth.

Sara moaned against my cock as she came, her hand between her legs, rubbing frantically at her clit as Andy slowed down, prolonging the moment for all of us. Slowly, Sara stood up, cum dribbling from the corners of her mouth. As she leant towards me, Andy's cock slipped out from inside her. She pressed herself to me, thrusting her tongue into my mouth as she reached for my still hard cock.

Her tongue drew mine into her cum filled mouth as we kissed, as I reached for her ass, her breasts, holding her tight. We moaned against each other's mouths as she stroked my cock, as my hands sought out her breasts, and my fingers searched between the tight cleft of her ass.

Beside us, Andy stood stroking his cock. He hadn't cum yet, but it was clear that he was more than ready.

"Quickly," he said gruffly, grabbing Sara's hand.

I followed them, Sara leading me by the cock. I glanced down, amazed that I was still hard after cumming only minutes before. I watched Sara's ass, all sorts of images rushing through my lust filled mind.

Andy gestured towards a wide bench that was sat in the middle of the changing room. Usually, it was covered in discarded towels and sports bags, but now it was clear, clear for Sara to lie on, her head over hanging one end, her knees drawn up and apart, exposing her pussy and ass to both of us.

She motioned to Andy, who walked quickly towards her head, his cock still in his hand. He stopped behind her, and Sara reached up for him, tilting her head even further backwards to draw his cock into her mouth. Her hair hung down onto the floor as she licked him hungrily, then drew him into her mouth. He knelt down, making it easier for both of them as he began to fuck her mouth again.

With one hand stroking Andy's cock, she gestured to me with the other before letting it fall onto her pussy. As I stepped forward, she rubbed her lips, before peeling them apart to show me her pink, wet pussy nestling behind her short, dark curly hair. 

I leant over and quickly licked her pussy and clit, her moans echoing around us as I plunged my tongue inside her. I scrambled onto the bench and knelt in front of her, my cock rigid in front of me. I paused for just long enough to take in the sight of her heaving breasts, of her juicy pussy, before sliding my hands under her ass and pulling her to me as I drove my cock into her wanton cunt.

Andy's cock popped from her mouth as I plunged into her, my balls slapping wetly against her ass. He moved quickly around to her side, pushing his cock back into her eager mouth as she twisted her head to meet his thrusts.

I fucked her hard, my eyes roaming from her breasts as they bounced on her chest with every thrust of my cock, to her hand as her fingers rubbed her clit, and then to her face as Andy pumped into mouth, her cheeks bulging with the shape of his cock. 

Sara came noisily, a flush rising up her chest as waves of pleasure swamped her body. Her pussy tightened around my cock, gripping me hard as she pulled at her nipples, her body rocking from side to side in front of me. After what seemed like an age, she slumped back on the bench with a gasp, our cocks still just inside her mouth and pussy. 

Andy dragged his cock from her mouth, and gestured to me to help him. I pulled my cock from her dripping pussy and quickly turned her over onto all fours. I held her hips, supporting her still wobbly legs as she arched her back and pointed her heart shaped ass at me. I plunged my cock back into her pussy, just catching her cry of "Fuck me" a second before Andy pushed his cock back into her mouth.

We fucked her hard, my thrusts driving her onto Andy's cock, his onto mine. She took us both as hard and as deep as she could, as we wanted, as we needed, her sobbing moans of lust and pleasure muffled by Andy's cock as her body rocked between us. 

Andy came seconds before me, his cry filling the room as his cum filled her mouth. I came then, my balls driving a thick torrent of cum into her juicy pussy. Andy dragged his cock from her mouth, his cum erupting from him in a thick torrent as Sara scrambled around to sit and face him, my still jerking cock escaping as she moved. I followed Andy's lead and stroked my cock frantically, sending jet after jet of cum to join his on her face and breasts. I watched as thick ropes of cum splattered on her body, dripping and running off her breasts and nipples, down to her belly and thighs.

As we finished, Sara scooped some cum up with her fingers and licked them clean, a wickedly sensual smile on her face. She reached out and pulled us closer, then sucked our rapidly softening cocks into her mouth to lick and suck them clean, taking them one at a time and then both together. She stood up and kissed us both, her tongue sharing the taste, the feel, of our cum with us. 

Without saying another word, they both wrapped a towel around themselves. Andy picked up the pile of his clothes, and then led Sara towards the door that led back to the pool, presumably so that they could go through to the Ladies changing room for Sara's things. For a moment I watched in disbelief, still naked, not really believing what was happening, what had happened.

But as they reached the door, Sara turned, that smile on her face again.
