 "You mean," Dakota asked, "you just parade in front of those guys, and then you pick one, and then you ... you FUCK him? And you've never met him before?"

"I can't help it," Mary Jane replied, shrugging her shoulders and looking a little bit embarrassed at her friend's reaction. "I just find it terribly arousing, that's all... knowing that as I'm walking around the pool, all those guys are staring at my boobs and hoping they'll be the lucky one to get to fuck me that night. And I'm the one in control of it all. It makes me soooo hot!" 

She went on. "I can pick any one I want, and in a few minutes, we'll go to his room and his long, thick cock will be sliding deep inside me over and over, making me come. It's a *lot* better than playing with myself!" She giggled. 

Dakota studied her best friend. She already knew that Mary Jane was not nearly as vanilla as her name suggested. She knew that once in a while on Friday nights MJ went off to a mysterious party to which she, Dakota, had never been invited. But when MJ suggested that they meet at the campus center for coffee, this was something she'd never anticipated hearing. How could MJ fuck someone she'd only met two minutes earlier?

"But, but, ..." Dakota sputtered helplessly, looking for some reason to object. "Aren't you... aren't you afraid of getting an STD or something?"

"No," Mary Jane explained. "The Committee checks that out ahead of time. Everyone who gets an invitation has to submit an HIV test and a note from a doctor. They're all clean. And I'm on the pill, so no worries about getting pregnant."

"What's the Committee?" 

"They're the ones that rent the rooms and send out the invitations," Mary Jane explained. "But nobody knows who they are. My invitation came in the mail last year."

Dakota shivered a little. "Who are the guys?" she asked. Mary Jane could see she was more than a little intrigued, despite herself.

"They're hunks! A lot of them play varsity sports over at State." The State University was an hour west of Dakota's little college town. "There are football players, wrestlers, and gymnasts. A few are in their late 20's or early 30's, executives, all in really great shape, no nerds or geeks. Personally, I usually end up with a track star. They're just so toned, and they have so much endurance! They can come five or six times in a night. The Committee makes sure that every man who is invited is really good-looking ... and every girl, too."

"And you can really just pick ... pick any one you want?" Dakota asked.

"Yes. I suppose in theory a guy could turn you down, but you know boys, they'll be up for a good screw with almost anyone."

Dakota still looked very unsure. Mary Jane was, too, last year when she had gotten her own invitation for the first time. A sex party? She was just a junior at a Midwestern college; she had never done anything kinky at all. But the parties had brought out a truly wild side MJ had never known she had.

Sure, she'd sucked off a couple of boyfriends and lost her virginity in high school to her father's best friend, but she had never experienced the kind of wild, uninhibited, guilt-free sex the parties provided. She hadn't known it was possible. 

The Committee rented rooms at the local Ramada Inn. All the guys who were invited had their own rooms surrounding the pool, which was never brightly lit and had lots of ornamental plants scattered around to give privacy. Late at night, the women entered the pool area, one by one. According to the rules, each woman had to wear a bikini. Each guy was sitting in a chair or a chaise lounge around the pool, wearing nothing but a Speedo. The woman was instructed to make a circuit of the pool, identifying which guys appealed to her. If any of them did, she just had to give the signal, which was her index finger waved in a little beckoning motion. It was so subtle that if anyone at the hotel who didn't know what was going on got a glimpse, they wouldn't think anything of it.

Then the chosen guy would get up and take the girl to his room, where they could fuck in private. The last few girls were allowed to pick two guys at once, Mary Jane had heard, although she had never yet been that daring. (Two at once! She got aroused at the thought.) And some of the rooms, Mary Jane had heard, had connecting doors to the next room, so that partners could switch or have group sex if they wanted. Mary Jane had never tried that, either, but it sounded really exciting. 

The first night Mary Jane went, she couldn't believe how good-looking each guy was. It was so hard to choose! The little Speedos showed off their muscles and hard bodies and barely concealed their cocks, which ranged in size from average to very thick and long. Mary Jane made two circuits of the pool before she picked out a guy who looked like he ran the mile in track, with well-defined abs and a cock (judging from the bulge) a little bigger than average. Just walking around on parade in front of the guys, knowing each one was hoping she'd pick him, was an incredible turn-on. She felt powerful and sexy and desired, and she'd gotten wet in a matter of seconds.

"But don't you feel slutty doing it with someone you don't even know?" Dakota asked.

"Well, a little," Mary Jane admitted. She leaned in so Dakota could hear, but no one else could. "But that's what makes it so much of a turn-on! It's just fucking --- pure, raw, animal sex, with no ties and no commitments. There's none of that 'What are you majoring in?' bullshit. And, let me tell you, the last guy I picked! He was fantastic! I came like nine times."

"Nine times!" Dakota had never come more than twice with her boyfriend.

"Yes," Mary Jane whispered. "First he closed the door to the room. Then he came up to me and kissed me, so gently, on the lips. He was a really good kisser. We must have kissed for twenty minutes, and the whole time, I could feel his cock nudging me, getting bigger and bigger. Pretty soon it was really hard and poking out of his bathing suit. I ran my hands over his chest. He was so buff! I bit one of his nipples and then it was like I'd flipped a light switch. He was all over me. I felt him untying the top of my bikini, and immediately he was kissing and sucking my nipples and making me really hot. I pushed him down on the bed and pulled off his bathing suit, and his big cock sprang free. It was a really nice one, maybe 7 inches or a little more."

"I gave him head for a while. His cock was beautiful, really thick and hard, yet the skin was so soft. He had shaved most of his pubic hair, which I like. Then he took off the rest of my bathing suit and licked me, you know, down there. And then, well, you can guess what happened! It was soooo good. We fucked in the bed, and then in the shower, and then on the carpet. Then we sent out for pizza and did 69 for a while. I sucked his cock while he licked me. Then we watched some porn on pay-per-view and he rubbed my pussy and clit with his hand until I came again. It was like that thing I read about once, "fusion sex". You know --- where you just fuck for hours and hours nonstop? He was really sweet, you know, really paying attention to me and not just wanting to get off himself. We did it in lots of different positions. Doggie was my favorite. He put his cock into me from behind and his thrusts were just soooo deep and powerful." She shivered from the intensity of the memory.

"The next morning we woke up and we fucked again. Then he dropped me off at the dorm. I haven't seen him since."

Dakota could feel her face turning red listening to MJ's story. MJ had never shared intimate details like these about her sex life before. Was she feeling embarrassment or excitement? She wasn't even sure herself. Then something MJ had said came back to her.

"Wait a sec," Dakota said. "A moment ago, you said, 'last time'. Exactly how many times have you gone to these parties?"

Now it was MJ's turn to look a little embarrassed. "Well, seven times, I think. I've sort of lost count."

Dakota contemplated this new revelation for a moment. "Seven times!" It was hard to fathom: MJ having sex with seven different guys, all of whom she had just met.

"Come on," Mary Jane said. "Don't tell me you've never thought about it -- just picking some random guy and screwing his brains out."

"Well, sure I have," Dakota replied. "It does sound really wild, really erotic," Dakota said. "I'm not sure I'd have the guts to do it, though. But... why are you telling me all this?"

Mary Jane giggled a little. "Well, Dakota, it's because..." She paused and looked around conspiratorially, "Because I've been asked to tell you that the Committee is inviting you to the next party, in a month. All you have to do is submit your tests."

"Oh my God!" Dakota choked. "You're kidding, right? Me? At an orgy?"

"Shhh!" Mary Jane implored her, as she looked around the cafe to see who might have heard. It was fine to go to the sex party, but she didn't want everyone to know about it. "Not so loud. It's not really an orgy. Most of the women just pick one guy."

"Still," Dakota said. "I'm not so sure," and she lowered her voice. "Can you imagine *me* fucking some guy I've just met?"

"You *are* on the pill, right?" Mary Jane asked.

"Sure." Dakota had been on the pill for a year, ever since she'd met Jason. But Jason was an on-again, off-again boyfriend -- and currently off. It had been weeks since they had had sex.

"Well, then, what're you afraid of? Come on," Mary Jane urged. "It'll be lots of fun! I can promise you'll enjoy it. Jason doesn't have to know."

"I'll think about it," Dakota said, uncertainly.

And she did.

In fact, she thought about nothing else that week. It was really hard to keep her mind on her classes. At night, her dreams were full of hunky guys with broad chests and big cocks. They fucked her in every position she could think of, while MJ watched and urged her on and applauded when she orgasmed. On three consecutive nights she woke from her dream to rub her clit furiously until she came, something she had done only occasionally before.

By Thursday Dakota had made up her mind. The young college woman wanted to get laid, and badly. "I'm in!" she wrote in a text message to Mary Jane. She made an appointment at the health clinic. In two weeks she had her test results, just in time for the big event.

On Friday Mary Jane picked her up at 9:00 PM. Mary Jane was twenty years old, about 5' 7", with bright blue eyes, long brown hair and bangs. She had a sweet "girl next door" look that matched her name. She wore a white form-fitting tank top, with no bra, and tight blue jeans. Her nipples were erect and the little nubs showed prominently through the top. Dakota thought her friend looked really great, like she was just made for sex.

Dakota was the same age. She wished she could go without a bra like Mary Jane, but her 36C breasts were just a little too big for that. She had black hair and was shorter and more full-bodied than MJ. She wore a halter top with spaghetti straps that had support like a bra, and a black skirt. It didn't really matter, anyway. Mary Jane explained that they'd change at her dorm.

"Let's see your bikini," Mary Jane said, as they entered her dorm room. "I'll show you mine if you show me yours!" she said mischievously.

Dakota got it out of the bag. It was tiny and black, and would show off her 36C breasts really well. "Oh, Malibu Strings!" said Mary Jane. "Those are the sexiest! I wish I had boobs like yours."

"Come on," said Dakota. "You're much more beautiful than I am."

"No," said Mary Jane. "I look more like somebody's best friend. *You* look like a sexy temptress."

"It doesn't matter," said Dakota. "We're both going to get fucked tonight," and she held up her hand for a high five.

"Indeed we are!" said Mary Jane, high-fived her back, and laughed. Mary Jane held up her bikini, a bright yellow one from Vitamin A. "That's so great," Dakota enthused. They changed into their suits. Mary Jane took a moment to admire her friend's large breasts, even reaching over to help tuck one of them into the bathing suit, as Dakota looked up in surprise. Mary Jane wasn't exactly bi, but given the right opportunity, she thought, it might happen...

"What kind of guy will you pick?" she asked Dakota. 

Dakota giggled. "Gee, I don't know. I don't really like the football players," she said. "Too beefy for me. Maybe a tennis player?"

"Mmm, yummy!" Mary Jane laughed. At 9:45 they pulled on t-shirts over their swimsuits and headed for the hotel.

They parked at the side of the Ramada Inn and used the keycard Mary Jane had received in the mail to enter discreetly at the back entrance. Mary Jane knew exactly where to go, and her friend followed right behind. Dakota could tell the party had been going on a while already, but their keycard was labeled "Enter at 10:05 PM". There was music and the occasional sex sound coming from some of the hotel rooms as they walked by. And one couple had just left the pool, arm in arm.

Dakota stared at the outline of the guy's hard cock in his swimsuit as they passed in the hall; his bikini-clad partner was laughing and whispering something in the guy's ear. She began to get very turned on, knowing that the couple she had just seen would soon be fucking each other with wild abandon.

"Are you feeling what I'm feeling?" she whispered to MJ. 

"Oh, yeah, baby," said MJ. "I am sooo turned on," she whispered back. "I can't wait to get laid. Let me go first."

"OK," said Dakota. "Pick a hot one. And tell me about it later!" MJ stripped off the long t-shirt covering her swimsuit and handed it to Dakota.

Mary Jane entered the pool area. There were about ten guys lounging around the pool. Although she had done this several times before, she still felt that familiar flutter of excitement and anticipation in her pussy. It was so cool, being totally in control of her sexuality. She met the hungry stares of the guys with her own confidence.

Mary Jane took her time, walking in a slow circle around the pool as she appraised each guy. One was really tall and thin, like over 6' 6". He must be a basketball player -- not really her type. Then there was a wiry South American-looking guy -- probably a soccer player, Mary Jane thought. He was very good-looking, with bronze skin and straight black hair, and when he smiled at her, his white teeth gleamed. Maybe she'd save him for next time. 

She passed a couple of football players and then she saw him. He was about 5' 10", with strong arms and a broad chest and narrow waist. "Definitely a swimmer," Mary Jane thought to herself. She liked his blue eyes and medium-length blonde hair. She smiled at him and gave him the "come on over" sign with her index finger. He was up off the chair and next to her like a shot. The two guys on either side looked very disappointed. She flashed them both a big smile.

She held out her hand and and they exited the pool area together. He led the way to his room. "Tonight," he whispered in her ear, "you can have anything you want, anything at all." "Great," she whispered back, "because what I want is for you to give me a really good fucking."

"Oh, I'll definitely do that," he said. "And I brought some toys, too." He opened the door. "This way, milady," he said, and bowed as she entered. It was kind of corny, but nice. He came up from behind her and kissed her neck, as his hands gripped her breasts through the thin material of her bikini. "Mmm, nice," she moaned. He took each index finger and caressed her breasts gently, rubbing in concentric circles, pinching the nipples, rubbing the areolas. Mary Jane could feel herself starting to lose control...

Meanwhile, Dakota was still waiting outside the pool. Now that Mary Jane had left her alone, she was feeling a little nervous. What if nobody appealed to her? Or worse, what if the guy she picked turned her down?

With a deep breath she took off her t-shirt. "Here goes nothing," she said to herself as she entered and began walking the circuit, her boobs bouncing a little.

Each guy stared at her breasts intently as she passed. Her feelings were very mixed. She felt both in control and also like prey surrounded by predators. It wasn't a bad feeling, exactly, mixing a little bit of fear with a lot of desire. "I'm just going to choose one of these guys, and then we're going to his room, and he's going to fuck me," she said to herself, astonished. It was just so strange, so novel, so arousing. She felt nervous and excited.

At first she hardly dared meet the eyes of the guys there. The first one looked like a wrestler, with really huge biceps. He wasn't her type, but she couldn't help but think what it would be like to have that guy hold her down with his big arms and fuck her hard, while she moaned and thrashed around. She gulped.

The next one was really fair, with red hair. Maybe he'd be OK, she thought, but red hair wasn't really her thing. Being able to choose suddenly felt very empowering. She understood what MJ had meant. She didn't have to wait to be asked; she could just take any one she wanted!

The next one was a football player. She met his eyes directly. As she approached, he rubbed his cock just a little, which bulged from his Speedos. It looked way too big for her, and he seemed too arrogant and eager, so she passed on.

The fourth guy was more to her liking. He had thick brown hair, a really good chest, and ripped abdominal muscles. A lacrosse player, Dakota thought. He looked directly at her, not at her boobs, but her eyes. He smiled, and she smiled, and she knew he was the one. As she'd been instructed, she wiggled her index finger at him. He got up, and put one arm around her narrow waist. "I'm really glad you picked me," he said. "You're so beautiful."

"You're not so bad yourself," Dakota said, as they exited the pool area and walked down the hotel corridor. He opened the door to his room with his own keycard and Dakota followed. She could just barely hear what sounded like the moans of a woman in the next room.

The guy had a bottle of chilled white wine waiting with two glasses. "Very smooth," Dakota thought to herself, but she happily took a glass and downed it quickly. "If you drink that too fast," the guy said, "I just might take advantage of you."

"The heck with that," Dakota said boldly, surprising herself, as she pulled off her bathing suit bottom. "I just need you to fuck me. Now."

The guy look surprised at how forward she was, but in one motion he encircled her narrow waist with his hands, pulled her to him, and began kissing her passionately. Their tongues danced together. His good smell, his intense maleness, and his desire for her made Dakota surrender instantly.

Within a few minutes Dakota was flat on her back in the bed, with her legs up on his shoulders as he pistoned his cock in and out of her tight cunt. His cock was so thick and delicious and filled her up so completely. "Oh, baby, fuck me harder," Dakota said. "Harder!" And her chosen man obliged.

The sensations Dakota was feeling were indescribable. The speed with which she had gone from parading around the pool to getting fucked by this handsome stranger was completely unprecedented for her. Her pussy was gushing like it had never gushed before, and then suddenly she was coming, coming, coming, with the most powerful orgasm of her life. Usually it took much longer for her to come, but all the pent-up anticipation had made her cunt ripe for fucking. "Oh!" she moaned. "Your cock feels sooo good. I'm coming! I'm cooommmiiiiing!" as her orgasm overwhelmed her. Her guy roared out in triumph as he also came insider her, dumping his load into her pussy, then flopped down next to her on the bed and laughed. 

"I'm Jake," he said.

"I'm Dakota," she said, and shook his hand and giggled.
