 Chapter 3: Back at the office, day 2

Sandy gets home and runs a hot bath. She relaxes in the warmth of the water and re-lives the evening in her mind. She has never been this sexual before and never thought she would enjoy the touch of a woman. But Lana is so beautiful and seducing that she can't help but love the feel of her. She catches herself checking out other women now and wondering what their pussies might taste like. 

She also knows she is still very much attracted to men. She juices up with every touch of Jared still. There are also a couple of other men in the office she wouldn't mind tasting. But Jared definitely takes the cake. 

Sandy is enjoying being turned into a slut by her two bosses. The new experiences are incredible and she loves being the sub and catering to the two. One day she may get to have a pet of her own, she thinks.

The next day she gets dressed as Lana instructed. She can't believe she is going out like this. Her nipples are clearly visible through the white blouse, if she bends over in any way her pussy lips can be seen by whoever cares to look. 

But still, she walks out of the house and gets into the car. Her drive to work is an easy one, as she got up early to get in to prepare a report for Jared. 

No one is in yet and she walks around the office turning on lights and making coffee. 

Slowly all of the staff arrives one by one. There is a prospective client coming in this morning and everyone is busy preparing the proper items for the meeting. Sandy sets up coffee and water in the conference room and gets the computer up and running.

At 10:30 the client arrives. He is a very handsome young businessman in his late 20's. Dark hair and light brown eyes. He flashes a smile at Sandy and reaches out his hand for her to shake. 

"Hello Mr. James. Jared and Lana are expecting you. Right this way." she shows him to the conference room and pours him a cup of coffee. She notices his gaze never leaves her chest and she smiles to herself as she walks out. 

She knocks at Jared's door and opens it. "Mr. James is here, sir."

"We'll be right there." Lana and Jared are going over the reports together and Sandy nods and returns to her desk. 

"Mr. James, pleasure to meet you, I'm Lana." Lana reaches out her hand to the guy and he takes it to his lips. 

"Oh, thank you." Lana blushes, obviously surprised by him. 

"Daniel, so good to see you again," Jared joins the group. 

"I see you've met my lovely partner, Lana. We have a good meeting prepared for you today. I'm sure you'll enjoy it." Jared closes the door and disappears into the room. 

Sandy gets to work, quietly typing on her keyboard. 

Marcus, one of the accountants stops at her desk. "Sandy, would you mind helping me with the copy machine? It seems to be jammed and I can't seem to find the problem." 

"Of course," Sandy gets up and walks in front of him to the file room. Marcus watches her ass sway down the hall. He waits for her to find the jammed paper at the machine. He knows exactly where it is, and found the perfect opportunity to see this girl bend over. 

"Ah, I believe it's in this part." Sandy looks back at him, but he isn't really paying attention to anything but her ass, so she decides to give him a good look. 

She slowly bends down low, careful not to bend her knees. She spreads her legs a bit and pulls open the bottom drawer of the large machine. She knows her pussy is flashing the perv behind her and she enjoys the sound of his gasp. 

Marcus can't believe his eyes. Her smooth pussy lips greet his gaze and he can't help but gasp. He imagines driving his cock deep into her wetness. His cock is rising in his pants and he adjusts himself before she gets back up and turns to him. 

Sandy smiles, his face is flush and she can see the tent rising in his slacks. His eyes drop to her tits and she notices her nipples have gotten hard and are pointing straight at him. 

"Marcus?" she says "Is that all?" 

"Uh, um, yeah, yeah thanks." Marcus is stuttering like an idiot. He can't take his eyes off of her. She laughs and walks out. "Dumb ass." he whispers to himself.

Sandy is smiling as she walks down the hall back to her desk. She can't help but feel a little naughty today. She enjoyed that a lot and plans on playing a game with the men today and maybe some of the women too. 

A few minutes later Lana comes out of the conference room. "Sandy, dear, the projector seems to need a new bulb. Would you mind changing it for us?" She winks at her and goes back in. 

What? The projector is bolted to the ceiling and she would have to climb on the table to do that! She shrugs and guesses that Jared or Lana would be sitting closest to that spot and assumes they want a show. 

She grabs a new bulb and enters the room. Shit! Mr. James is sitting directly under where she would need to be. 

"Excuse me, but I'm afraid I'll have to climb onto the table to do this." she looks quizzically from Jared to Lana and they both nod their approval. 

Mr. James smiles at her, "Be my guest, I don't mind at all." He moves his chair over just an inch and offers her his hand for balance. 

"Thank you, Mr. James." she takes his hand and climbs onto the table. 

"Wow, I certainly don't mind at all." he exclaims. "What a beautiful view. Jared, you sure have a lovely assistant here." 

Sandy is blushing by now but feels a tingle in her pussy, again her nipples harden. 

"Yes, she is rather lovely isn't she? Make yourself at home, Daniel." Jared says. 

Make yourself at home? What's that mean? Sandy looks down at Jared and he winks at her. She feels a warm hand on her leg moving slowly upwards. She gasps, but continues changing the bulb. 

She looks to Lana and she raises a finger to her lips gesturing that Sandy should remain quiet. 

Mr. James is looking up directly at her pussy now, while his hands run up and down her legs over her stockings. 

She is done now and brings her hands to her sides. She looks to Jared and he motions for her to get down. She has to kneel down, knees bent in order to jump off of the table in a fashionable manner in these heels.

As she does, her face is red; her pussy is wide open in Mr. James' face. He again offers his hand and she takes it. She hops down and his hand brushes against her nipple. 

She feels her pussy begin to get wet and she sighs. 

"Go and get us some fresh water, Sandy." Lana stands.

"Yyes ma'am." Sandy stammers as she goes for the door. 

She goes to the kitchen and bends down to get a fresh pitcher from the cabinet by the sink. No one is in the room with her, so she doesn't bother trying to keep her legs closed. She wants to feel the fresh air on her pussy. She is so hot. She gets up and turns to the ice maker and gasps. Kasey, the mail girl, is standing there staring at her. Great, she thinks, everyone is going to see my slick pussy before the day is over. 

She thinks she may have made a mistake by wearing this short of a skirt it barely covers her ass standing up straight so everything is in full view at any type of bend. 

Kasey smiles at her and leans over the sink. Kasey has nice, big tits and is wearing a low cut shirt. "Girl, I thought I was daring. You sure look good though." She winks and walks back out. Kasey is a college student that only works part-time. At least she doesn't have to see her every day, though she isn't bad to look at. 

Sandy hurries back to the conference room and walks in without knocking. She almost spills the water when she sees Lana's tits hanging out of her blouse and Mr. James' mouth clamped onto her nipple. 

"Excuse me. I'm sorry," she says. She sets the water down and turns to leave. 

"Wait, I'm not done with you yet." Lana says. "Just stand there."

Jared is smiling as he watches his new client licking and sucking at his partner's ample tits. 

Sandy doesn't know what to do so she just stands there. Her pert nipples pressed firmly against the tight blouse. The feel of the fabric against them is driving her mad. 

Mr. James pulls his mouth away from Lana and rolls her nipples between his fingers. He turns his gaze to Sandy and motions for her to come closer. 

She looks at Jared and he nods. She walks slowly over to the man and stands close to him. 

"Would you mind being my assistant for a little bit?" Mr. James says as he wraps his arm around Sandy's waist. 

Lana smiles and pinches her own left nipple.

Sandy nods at Mr. James. "Of course, sir." 

"So polite," he glances from Lana to Jared. "you've trained her well."

"Unbutton your top sweetie." He leans back in his chair letting go of Lana. 

Sandy does as she is told. Her nipples are already hard little knobs when they hit the cold air. 

"Now, unzip my slacks and help your boss here with her skirt and panties." He smiles and waits for Sandy to move.

She quickly unzips his pants freeing his cock. She takes the initiative and helps his cock free. He moans his approval and his cock is now standing straight up. It's long and slender. Not as thick as Jared's but its length makes up for it. 

Sandy kneels to the floor in front of Lana. She was instructed in the beginning never to remove any clothing from Lana's body using anything but her teeth. She pushes Lana's skirt up around her hips and brings her mouth the top of her white lace panties. She slowly brings them down her waist letting her nose rub along the slit of her pussy. She inhales quietly enjoying the smell of Lana's sweet arousal.

"Very impressive, dear." Mr. James says, "Now, sit on top of the desk with your legs spread." 

Lana walks closer to him and as she does she pinches Sandy's nipple without taking her eyes off of Mr. James. 

Jared leans back in his chair to enjoy the show. "Only my best as I stated earlier, Daniel. I know you will be more than satisfied." 

"I already see that Jared. You've already got my check." Mr. James wraps his hands around Lana's waist and brings her onto his lap. She straddles him, slowly lowering herself onto his cock, wrapping her legs around the back of the chair. He takes one of her nipples between his teeth and bites down. She rides him, grinding her hips into his lap, and then rising up, only to pound her ass back down. 

From where Sandy sits she can clearly see his long cock entering her wet puss. Long, hard thrusts. Lana rides him harder and faster with every rise and fall. 

Sandy can feel the juices seeping from her own pussy now. She longs to touch herself, to bring herself to orgasm as she watches him fuck her lovely boss. But she knows better than that and she keeps her hands at her sides. 

Mr. James has gripped Lana's hips now, helping her pound his dick harder and deeper. 

Sandy can see him begin to sweat now. She looks back at Jared and he motions for her to look forward. 

Lana is moaning and bucking against him now and he yelps as he squeezes her tits together. "That's it now, I'm cumming." He moans and Lana pounds down a couple more times as he calls her name. 

Lana sighs and gets up slowly. She kisses him lightly and straightens her skirt. She motions for Sandy to pick up her panties and Sandy hops off of the table. She picks them up and Lana nods towards Mr. James. 

Sandy hands them to Mr. James and he smiles at her. "Will you help me straighten up now darling?"

Sandy decides she must make an impression; after all, he seems to be an important person. 

She kneels in front of him and begins to lick Lana's juices from his cock. Careful to get to every bit, cleaning off all of their cum. He moans his approval and his cock twitches a response. He pinches at her nipples until she is done. She then takes it in her hand and helps it back into his slacks. She zips them up and then stands back up. 

Jared smiles and says, "You're not done yet," he glances at the desk, "you've made a mess yourself. I guess you enjoyed watching. Now lick it clean."

Sandy's juices were smeared on the table where she had sat. She knew she felt some on her thigh and she blushed. She went to work licking them up from the table as they all watched her. 

"That will be all Sandy." Lana excused her.

Sandy buttons her top and returns to her desk and waits impatiently for them to come out. 

Marcus kept passing her desk asking stupid questions, trying to make conversation. He was beginning to annoy her and just in time, the doors opened and he scurried off. 

Mr. James came out with a smile followed by Lana and Jared. 

"It was a pleasure meeting you sweet Sandy. I hope we meet again someday." he reached for her hand and she stretched it out. 

"The pleasure was all mine, Mr. James." he kissed her hand.

He winked and walked out with Jared. 

Lana stayed behind and when they were gone she turned to Sandy, "You are not to touch yourself at all today, is that clear?" she raised an eyebrow to Sandy.

"Yes ma'am, very clear." Sandy was now disappointed.

"Good I want you to be ready for later." 

She walked away to her office.

Jared returned a minute later. "You were very good in there. He was impressed." he winked and walked away.

Sandy headed to the mail room to check on a package she was expecting. She walked in quietly and was surprised to see Kasey sitting with her legs spread and skirt up around her waist. The teenage girl's hands were quick at work on her pussy. Her head was back and her eyes were closed. She hadn't noticed Sandy's arrival. 

Kasey was enjoying her daydream of the sexy secretary up front. She imagined touching her pussy. Feeling those pert nipples pressed against her own. She wanted to suck on her smooth pussy and could now see a clear picture of it in her head from this morning's run in. 

She continued fucking her own pussy with three fingers while rubbing circles on her clit with her other hand. Her blouse was pulled down exposing the slick right tit she had been sucking on just a moment before. She loved her big tits and enjoyed running her tongue around her own nipples. She was getting close to cumming. 

She suddenly heard a noise to her right. Her eyes shot open and she sees the gorgeous Sandy standing there staring at her. 

"Don't mind me, I was just enjoying the show," Sandy smiles.

"Oh fuck, Sandy. I'm about to cum." she can't believe she's watching her but she can't stop now. She stares at Sandy as she fucks herself until she cums like never before. Her juices drip from her hand and she throws her head back, her body trembling. 

Sandy watches this girl fuck herself and wishes she could help. Then she remembers. Lana said she couldn't touch herself; she never said she couldn't touch anyone else. She smiles and walks over to Kasey. She kneels down in front of her and begins to lap at the juices dripping from her cunt. She savors the taste of the hot liquid, her tongue making its way all around the redhead's inner folds. She sucks at her opening and dips her tongue deep inside her tunnel. She continues lapping at the girls' cunt, listening to her moans until she succeeds at licking her pussy clean. Then, she takes Kasey's hand and sucks each finger until she gets every drop of her tasty cum off of her fingers. She sucks on her tit for a while as the girl moans and wiggles beneath her. 

Kasey reaches down to touch Sandy's pussy and Sandy stops her, "Not today." She kisses her and Kasey can taste herself on her tongue. "Another time."

She leaves as quickly as she came. 

Sandy walks back to her desk, her pussy dripping juices. Fuck, she thinks, and looks at her watch. Wondering how long it will be until they call for her. It's almost unbearable. She needs to be fucked now. She needs to cum. 

But its only 3:45. She knows it won't be until at least 5. Her pussy is already drenched. The day has strangely enough been filled with sex it seems. She wonders how they all manage to keep the company running; then thinks how stupid that question is. Lana just fucked a big client into the firm and she has always had the notion that it's happened on several other occasions.