 Susan, known as Susie to all her friends, had just graduated from Junior College, and had her Associates Degree in Business.  She was going to enjoy the summer off, before joining the working world.  She had been thinking about making love to another girl for some time now.  She had discussed it with her boyfriend, Paul.  He, of course, was all for it, as long as he was included.

Even though Paul was only a couple of years older than Susie, he was experienced way beyond his years.  Susie loved that he was expeienced and knew how to tease and please her.  When she had asked him how he got so good at making love, this is what he had told her.

"I was living in a trailer park with my folks when I was 18 and just out of school.  A divorced mom with three kids moved in right mext door to us.  I will never forget Mary Alice.  She was a waitress, and often worked a split shift, with a couple of hours break between lunch, and the dinner shift.  While she was working, her kids stayed at Grandma's house.
Lots of times, when Mary Alice would come home for a couple of hours in the afternoon, she would invite me over."

He continued, "She was probably in her late twenties, and having three kisa, she was experienced in sex.  She liked me, and taught me how to make love to a woman.  Man, what fun lessons those were!  She loved sex, but didn't want to jump into another relationship right after her divorce, so she used me to keep her urges satisfied.  I sure as hell didn't mind her using me!

Susie had really thought about getting it on with a girl.  She had imagined all sorts of scenarios.  

Susie had discussed several of her scenarios with Paul, to get his input, as to which idea was the best.  Which idea was most likely to succeed.  She had three good friends, any of which were acceptable to her.  She decided to let Paul choose which one it would be.

Susie told Paul, "I agree, that the plan for a pool party is the best idea.  We'll plan it for next Saturday.  My parents will be out of town for the weekend, so we'll have the pool and the house all to ourselves."

Paul agreed, "That sounds perfect.  If you can get them to come over after lunch on Saturday, we'll have all afternoon to play around the pool, deciding which one we have the best chance of seducing."

Susie continued, "I'm going to invite Betsy, Nancy, and Victoria.  You've met them all, but only briefly.  I'm sure you can't decide which one is our best chance, from what little you know of them."

Paul answered, "What's more important is that they all know me.  I'm sure you've talked to them about me."

"Of course I've talked about you to them.  Guys aren't the only ones who like to brag!  I've planted the seed of desire in all of them, by telling them how good you are, and how you always make sure I am totally satisfied, before you let go and fill me."

"I hope I can live up to the build up you've given them..  Which ever one we end up trying to seduce.  I don't want the extra excitement of another girl in your bed, be more then I can handle."

Susie went on, "You'll do fine.  If this all goes according to our little plan, she will be so turned on from all the fore play we are planning, that she will be ready for anything we want to do to her.  I will be turned on fromseducing my first girl, and you will be so damn horny fromeverything we are doing, that you will be superman!"

"I don't know about superman, but I can guarantee you that I'll be super horny!  I really want to watch you do some of the things I do to you, to her.  I guess you know how excited I am, that you want to do this."

"Well, we've enjoyed everything else we've tried.  This is just something new and exciting.  Who knows what this might lead to.  You wanted to try some things I wasn't sure of, and they all turned out to be very enjoyable.  So now I want to try a girl!"

Paul asked excitedly, "So, exactly what is your plan to get these three girls over here, and naked in the pool?"

Susie answered, "Well, I'm just going to invite them to a girls afternoon by the pool.  They all want to work on their tans, so it shouldn't be too hard to convince them that they really don't want any tan lines."

"Aren't you going to tell them that I will be here?"

"No, silly!  You will just happen to stop by to see me that afternoon.  Once you've seen them all naked, I'll tease you about being the only one with clothes on.  I'll just dare you to join us."

"Oh, I see.  I'll just come thru the side gate to the pool and say that I heard voices in the backyard, and let myself thru the gate."

Susie teased, "Now you're catching on to the first part of my plan.  After we girls dare you to join us, and you put up a token resistance, you know, something about four of us girls and only one of you, you'll just have to strip. Seeing your package should get them all started."

"I'll ask you to put suntan lotion on my back.  After you do me, I'll ask, who's next?  I think they'll all let you lotion their backs."

Paul said, "Okay, I should be able to get some idea of how they are reacting to everything, and see who squirms and who doesn't, with me rubbing lotion all over their backsides."

Susie continued, "Yeah, and after a while I'll  say I'm hot from laying in the sun, and I'll jump in the pool.  I'm sure they will all join me.  Then you can jump in and come try to dunk me.  I'll playfully scream for them to help me.  When they come to help me, you can start grabbing them, any way you want to.  We'll see if anyone gets mad, or if anyone really gets into the game."

Paul smiled, "I like your plan!  This is going to be fun, no matter how it turns out.  Hopefully, it turns out just like you want it to.  With us double teaming one of them."

Susie went on, "After we get out ogf the pool and dry off, I'll ask you to lotion my front side.  I want you to take your time, and do it slowly and thoroughly, so they will all be anticipating you doing them the same way."

Paul was really smiling.  "Do you really think they're going to let me rub suntan lotion all over their tits?  And what about their pussies?"

Susie answered, "We only want one of them to really go for it.  We do what we want, to more than one of them.  We'll just play it by ear, and see what happens.  We really can't lose.  Whatever happens will be fun.  Hopefully, excitingly fun!"

Susie started calling the girls on Tuesday.  "Hi Betsy, this is Susie.  I'm having a girls pool party on Saturday.  My folks will be gone, so it will just be us girls.  Can you come over after lunch, say about 1:00?"

Betsy answered, "That sounds fun.  I'll see you then.  Bye."

Next Susie called Nancy.  "Hey Nan, this is Susie."

Nancy answered, "What's up, girlfriend?"

I'm having a girls pool party Saturday.  It'll just be us girls, 'cause my folks will be gone.  Betsy's coming.  Can you make it?"

"I'd love to come lay by youir pool, and work on my tan.  What time?"

"After lunch, say about 1:00.  That work for you?"

Nancy answered, "Count me in.  Sounds like fun.  See you Saturday, Bye."

Susie's last call was to Victoria.  "Hi, Viki, it's Susie."

Viki answered, "Hi right back!  It's been a while.  How ya been?"

"Everything is great.  I just finished school with a 3.8, and got my Associates in Business.  I'm just going to goof off this summer, and then get serious about finding a job."

"Must be nice, to not have to work for your spending money,"  she teased.  "I'm working, but at least I have weekends off."

Susie said, "Great!  Since you have weekends off, you can come to my girls pool party on Saturday.  Betsy and Nan are coming.  Say you'll come.  It'll be fun."

Viki asked, "Just the four of us?"

"Yeah, my folks will be out of town, and we can all work on our tans."

Viki asked, "What time does this party start?"

Susie answered, "Come on over after lunch, about 1:00.  We'll have all afternoon."

Viki responded, "Okay, I'll be there.  I'll need lots of sunscreen, 'cause I haven't been out in the sun yet this summer.  Some of us have to work ya know.  See ya."

Susie called Paul. "Hi, Sweety, we're all set.  All three of them will be over here about 1:00.  You need to show up about 1:15 or so.  Are you ready for this?"

Paul answered, "Dumb question!  You know I'm ready!  I think I'll park down the street a ways, and make sure they're all there.  I'll borrow my mom's car.  They won't recognize it.  They won't hear me drive up, 'cause it's real quiet.  Then I'll make my... surprise appearance."

Susie joked, "Sounds like my cohort is getting into this little set-up."

"Damn right I am!  This is gonna be great!"

Saturday finally arrived, after what seemed like forever, but was really only a few days.  Everything was set.  Susie's parents were out of town for the weekend.  Paul was able to borrow his mom's car on the excuse that he was double dating Susie and one of her freinds, and his car was a little coupe that only had room for two.

********

Paul parked about a half a block away, in the shade of a huge Oak tree.  He slid over to the passenger side, so he could duck down if he needed to.  Soon, he saw Betsy drive up, park in front, and go up the walk.  Next to arrive was Viki.  She parked in the driveway, got out, and went in.  Last to arrive was Nan.  She parked in front, behind Betsy's car, and went in.  

Hw looked at his watch.  It read 1:10.  He thought, "I need to give them time to get naked, I sure don't want to get there too early, so I better wait 20 minutes."  The minutes dragged by, like slow motion.

********

Betsy went up the walk and rang the door bell.

Susie had her light brown hair pulled back in a pony tail.  She already had a fair start on her tan.  She opened the door, nude.  "Hi, Betsy, come on in."  I was just out checking the pool.  It's 84 degrees.  I came in to get a coke and wait for you.  Want one?"

Betsy was shocked that Susie was nude.  A coke sounds great, but it can wait 'til after you get your suit on."

Susie answered, "I thought we could all sunbathe and swim nude.  That way we won't have tan lines.  It's just us girls, and we've all seen each other before, like after P.E. in the showers, when we were still in high school."

Betsy stood there, in her cut-off jeans, tee shirt, and sandals.  She had her short blonde hair held out of her face with a couple of clips.  "I don't know----"

Susie didn't let her finish.  "Oh, come on, it's just us girls!"

Betsy said, "Okay, but only if everyone else does."

About this time Viki walked up to the front door, which was still standing open.  "Hey, I thought this was a swim party.  Susie, where's your suit?"

Susie answered, "We're all going to swim and sunbathe nude so we don't get tan lines.  You know how you always complain about your tan lines showing."

Betsy added, "It's just going to be us girls, and the back yard does have a high fence all around."

Susie thought, "Good girl, Betsy, you're helping with my plan."

Susie said aloud, "Come on in, and let me grab each of us a coke, then you can go on out to the poolhouse to undress.  Just grab a towel off the pile by the door, and have a seat on one of the loungers by the pool.  I'll be out as soon as Nan gets here."

Viki walked in, and Susie closed the door.  They went to the kitchen, Susie grabbed four cokes out of the fridge, handed each of her friends one, sat one on the counter for Nan, and popped one open for herself.

She took a big swallow, "This is good.  Just like the party is going to be."

Betsy and Viki headed out the back door to go get undressed at the poolhouse.

Viki said to Betsy, "I wish I had a pool at home.  Are we really going to go without our suits?"

Betsy answered, "Sure, why not?  I don't want tan lines."

"well, I guess so.  And Susie is right.  I do complain about tan lines."

They went into the pool house and undressed.  Each got a towel off the stack by the door, and headed for the pool.

Susie met Nan at the front door with a coke in each hand.  She opened the door and said, "Come on in, and join the nude pool party."  And handed her a coke.

Nan was wide eyed, "What?!"

Susie spoke again, "I said come on in and join the nude pool party.  We're not going to wear suits today.  It's just us girls, and this way we won't get tan lines.  Betsy and Viki are already undressed and out by the pool.  Let's go!"

Nan wasn't too sure about this.  She said, "But my double D's will sag if I don't wear my bikini top.  And, with my pale skin, I'll have to use lots of suntan lotion to keep from burning.  Especially the places that don't usually see the sun!  You know how we red heads are."

Susie jokingly said, "You won't burn, and when you're laying down you won't sag.  So there!  Now, let's go out to the pool house, you can get undressed, we'll grab towels, and join Betsy and Viki at the pool."

Nan reluctanly agreed.  "Okay, but I may have to put my tee shirt on later if I get too red."

They headed for the pool house.  Nan undressed, and Susie made a mental note, "Damn, she's really filled out since we were in high school.  I'll bet it would be fun to play with those big boobs of hers."

Thw four girls were just sitting on the loungers by the pool, enjoying a cold drink, and chatting.

********

Paul kept looking at his watch.  Every time he looked, it had only been a couple of minutes.  Damn, this waiting was killing him!  He looked at his watch again.  "Okay, it's been 20 minutes, so here goes!"  He anxiously thought.  He started the car, and drove the half a block, parking across the street from Susie's house.  He got out and thought, "I'm sure glad Susie wants to try a girl.  This is gonna be fun!"

He walked across the street, around the garage to the side gate, stepped thru, and quietly closed it.  He crept to the corner of the house.  He peered thru the big bush at the corner to see if the girls were really all out at the pool.  His eyes got big, his cock started to rise, and he thought, "Hot Damn!  Susie's done it!"

He stepped back one step, took a deep breath, and walked nonchalantly around the corner of the house.  He said, with a lilt in his voice, "Hi, Susie.  I didn't know you had company"  "OH, WOW!" As he acted surprised that the girls were all naked.

Nan screamed and grabbed her towel, holding it in front of herself. "You said it was going to be just us girls!  What's he doing here?!"

Susie tried to calm her.  "Hey, It's just Paul.  You all know Paul."  She walked over and gave him a little kiss.  "Paul, you remember Betsy, Nan, and Viki."

Paul nodded at each of the girls.  He hoped the bulge in his shorts wasn't too obvious.  "Hi Betsy, Nan.  And how could I ever forget Viki?  The first time we met, I tried t guess how she spelled her name, and she told me, It's Viki, V-I-K-I, and don't you forget it!"

Viki spoke, "Well, you didn't forget did you?"

Paul replied, "No, it made me remember."

Nan was still clutching her towel on front of herself.

Betsy teased her friend, "Get over it Nancy!  He's already seen us now.  It's not that big a deal."

Nan was quiet for a moment, then spoke, "Okay, Paul... if you're going to stay, either you get naked too, or I'm putting my suit on!"

Paul thought, "Shit!  They're all naked now, and I sure as hell don't want them getting dressed.  That would spoil all of Susie's plans.  And, my plans, too!"

He stammered, "It may be a little embarrassing.  You know what happens to guys at a time like this."

The three girls just sat there, smiling at him.  Susie was standing beside him with the biggest smile of all.

He said sort of quietly, like he was admitting defeat, "Okay, I know when I'm out numbered.  I mean, there's four of you, and only one of me."

Susie nodded.  Her plan was working nicely so far.  She said, "Okay, Paul Honey, get 'em off!"

He sat down, removed his loafers and socks, unbuttoned his shirt and slowly slid it off his shoulders, letting them all see his well defined chest, with it's small patch of dark hair.  He stood up, unfastened his khaki shorts, and stepped out of them.

He looked right at Nan, "Okay, Nan, time to drop your towel!"

Her towel landed on the pool deck the same time his boxers did.

Susie said, "Sweety, keep my guests company, and I'll go get you a cold coke."  She walked off towards the kitchen door.

Paul felt a little awkward, standing there with three naked girls eyeing him.  He was thankful for the lessons Mary Alice had taught him.  Especially about how to not get too excited, too soon.  He wasn't hard, but his dick was certainly at about half mast. It was still aimed down, but was quite swollen and turning a little red.

He spoke, "I just came over to see Susie, 'cause I knew her parents were gone.  But, I'm glad you're all here."

Susie came back, "Here, Sweety, have a cold one, and cool down!"

The other three girls laughed, and blushed a little.

Viki asked, "So, Paul, how ya been?"

He answered, "I been doin' okay.  Right now I'm doin' great!  You girls are ALL lookin' fine!"

Susie teased him, "Down boy!  It's just a pool party, not an orgy!"

The others looked at each other, as if they were wondering about Susie's comment.  Oh, well, she was just being Susie.

Susie said, "Sweety, come put some suntan lotion on my back.  I want to lay out for a while, but I don't want to burn.  So you be sure you do a good job!"  She spread her towel on a lounger, and laid down on her tummy.

Paul took his time, slowly rubbing the lotion in.  He made sure he didn't miss any spots, and he wanted the other girls to watch, and anticipate him doing them the same way.

He spoke, "There, you won't burn now.  Okay, who's next?"

All were quiet.  Then Susie broke the silence, "It's okay girls, he's just going to put lotion on you, so you don't sunburn."

Viki spoke first, "Okay, Paul, I want you to be sure you do a good job on my back.  Just like you did for Susie."

Paul thought, "Score one for Viki for attitude, and wanting to be first."  He made a mental picture of her.  5 Foot 8, about 130 pounds, long, wavy, dark brown hair, nice curvy shape, small waist, and full hips.  More woman than girl.

He said, "Pull your hair 'round front, so I don't get lotion in it."  He put some lotion in his hand and started up at her shoulders.  When he was finished, he had gone all the way down her back, had lotioned her lovely, full butt cheeks, noting how she squirmed while he was doing her ass, and the backs of both legs.

He said, "You won't burn now.  Next?"

Nan shyly said, "Okay, Paul, you can do my back next, but you be good!"

Viki spoke, "Don't you worry, Nan.  He's very good!"

Paul rubbed lotion on Nan's shoulders and down her back.  As he got to her waist, she started to tighten up.

He told her, "Relax, Nan.  I'm just putting lotion on so you won't burn.  And, I think you need a little extra, your skin being so white."

He spent a little extra time, rubbing lotion on her legs, and then on her nice, firn, white butt cheeks, as she flinched and squirmed.

He made another mental picture.  5 Foot 2, maybe 105 pounds, wild, curly red hair, freckles, alabaster white skin, and 34DD tits!

Betsy said, "You're going to be good at this by the time you finish.  We just may have to keep you around.  It's my turn now, and since I'm last, you don't need to hurry."

Paul made the appropriate mental note, "Keep me around?  No need to hurry?  In other words, please take your time and rub me thoroughly with lotion."

He started at her shoulders, and worked his way down her back.  She was very relaxed, letting out a little sigh now and then.  When he started putting lotion on her legs, she spread them a little ways apart, giving him extra room.  He thought, "I think she's enjoying this.  She just might be the one."
