 Jessica stirred as a beam of morning sunshine fell across her sensuous face.

As she awoke she stretched her arms, causing the light sheet, which barely covered her naked body, to drift to the floor. Her eyes opened to the sight of her lightly tanned torso reflected in the large ceiling mirror. Her bright green eyes surveyed the taut 36D breasts with the large light brown nipples before moving down the soft, flat stomach to the trimmed tuft of auburn hair standing out from between her lithe and long legs.

She gently stroked one nipple into life before parting her legs to allow her fingers to gently open the vaginal flower which was already damp from the erotic dreams she had just awoken from. As her fingers soothed her soft lips her memory drifted back to twelve months ago.

Then she had been an overweight, frumpy forty two year old mother of two almost adult children who were now in their final years away at college. Her executive husband, Ted, had just left her for his bottle blonde twenty year old secretary who he had been screwing for the last six months.

She recalled stripping down in this same bedroom, feeling sorry for herself, and looking at herself in the dressing room mirror. It was not a pretty sight, with mousy brown unkempt hair, sagging breasts, rolls of fat under her chin and around her stomach, an ugly, hairy pubic bush above a dry unused and loose pussy with fat pock marked legs and arse all of which were a sickly white colour.

No wonder Ted had left her!

But he could have gently pushed her to do something about her appearance and not go screwing that Bimbo. This thought made her very angry and she decided to do something about it.

She enrolled in the local gym and took up a punishing training routine and diet which shed all the fat and firmed up her full breasts. She tanned her naked body naturally by her secluded pool at home, styled and coloured her hair to highlight her face and trimmed and coloured her pubic bush to expose her full pussy lips, which she tightened by taking up a series of erotic exercises using her experienced fingers.

Six months after starting her exercise routine she went to the local beach and stripped down to her thong bikini bottom with a small quarter cup string top. She slowly walked down to the water line and revelled in the looks and attention she received from the many attractive males on the beach.

She noticed Ted and the Bimbo lying on the sand and walked directly towards them. The Bimbo seemed to be filling out in all the wrong places which pleased Jessica even more. As she walked past them she said in a throaty voice that she knew excited him, "Hello lover. Too bad you didn't stay."

She felt a thrill as he opened his eyes and stared at her as if he had never seen her almost naked body before. She continued walking towards her towel when she heard him jump up behind her and take her arm, turning her towards him. Seeing the lust in his eyes she laughed and said "Don't say anything Ted. I don't need you any more. I just needed the satisfaction of seeing you drool over me once more, like you used to. Now go back to your Bimbo and have a nice life."

She turned around, collected her towel and walked toward her car, feeling Ted's eyes staring at her brown rounded arse.

Since then she had had a number of lovers but the last month or so had been very quiet on the sex front and her experienced fingers had been her only source of relief. Coming back to the present as her pussy started to wet her fingers she heard voices outside near the pool. Still playing with her moist cunt she walked over to the large window and saw Billy and his friend Jimmy who regularly cleaned the pool each Saturday.

Both boys were in their early twenties and only wore small racing costumes while attending their chores. Normally they would take a leisurely swim when they had finished. Jessica felt a new stirring as she looked at their tanned and muscular bodies and decided to see if she could seduce them and ease the burning in her pussy.

Jessica put on her white bikini thong and triangle top which barely covered her nipples. She knew that a hint of her pubic hair would show through the sheer material and her pert nipples would be clearly seen pressing against the top's material. Grabbing a towel she timed her entry to the pool area just as the boys were working near her sun lounge.

She called out to them as she walked through the gate and was pleased to see both sets of eyes take in her almost naked tits and then her barely hidden crotch. As she walked towards them she noticed the outline of two soft cocks in their costumes and looked forward to getting to know them both a lot better.

She asked whether she would be in the way if she tanned herself on the lounge and they both agreed that there wouldn't be any problem and recommenced their chores.

Sitting on the lounge she noticed that Billy and Jimmy were watching her out of the corner of their eyes. She even thought their cocks had thickened slightly causing a slight bulge in their costumes.

Now that she was sure that they were interested she lay on her stomach on the lounge with her legs slightly parted. Knowing that they were taking her body in she reached around and untied the top string, pulled it out from under her and dropped it on the tiles next to her. She folded her arms beneath her head and knew that Billy was getting a good view of most of her breast from the side while Jimmy would be getting a view of her arse with the thong just covering her pussy from behind.

Jessica glanced out of the corner of her eye and saw Billy just standing and staring at her sun covered body with an even bigger dent showing in his costume. She could not hear any movement behind her and assumed Jimmy was doing the same. Revelling in her newfound power over most men she decided to put her plan into action.

Raising herself onto her elbows she turned to Billy and asked, "Billy, would you mind getting my suntan cream from the small guesthouse at the other end of the pool. I seem to have forgotten to bring it with me and I really don't feel like putting my top back on."

Tearing his eyes from her swinging breasts he said breathlessly "Sure thing Mrs P, be back in a minute"

She watched him almost run to the guest house, adjusting his costume as he went, and disappear into the guest house. While Billy was getting the cream she asked "Jimmy would you and Billy mind putting some cream on my back and legs when he gets back so I don't get sunburnt."

Hearing a sudden intake of breath on her other side Jimmy said in a faint voice "I think we could manage that for you Mrs P."

When Billy returned with the cream Jessica said in a sultry tone "Now I would like you both to put cream on my back and legs from either side, and I don't want you to miss a thing. I also think you should call me Jessica from now on."

Both boys smiled and looked at each other before squirting sun cream into their hands. Jessica lay her head back down on her arms as she felt two sets of hands rubbing cool cream over her shoulders, shoulder blades and along the top of her spine. They worked their way to the band of her thong then began on the top of her thighs and continued down each leg to her soft heels.

Jessica was sure that they were getting an eyeful and wondered if they noticed the damp spot which must be appearing on her skimpy costume. Not to worry, the thong wouldn't be there much longer.

Just as they were finishing Jessica said "Now boys, you missed the area not covered by my costume!"

With a hasty "sorry" from both of them she again felt two sets of hands rubbing oil onto her arse cheeks with Billy working under the strap at the top while Jimmy began working in the crease where her cheeks and thighs met. She parted her legs a little further as Billy worked his way down to the top of her arse crease and Jimmy worked the sensitive skin alongside her wet cunt.

Suddenly Jessica said "Thank you gentlemen. I think you have covered everything."

Disappointed, Billy and Jimmy removed their hands and stood up to go back to work when Jessica rolled over and sat up saying "Actually, you did such a good job I think you should be rewarded. Why don't you both come over here?"

"Jimmy, you stand on this side and Billy you stand over the other side. I want you to close your eyes and fold your arms when you get here for your big surprise."

As Billy and Jimmy moved over to Jessica's beckoning hands they couldn't help staring at her firm breasts and erect nipples. In return Jessica couldn't take her eyes off the shape of their semi-erect cocks in their costumes.

When they were both standing alongside her, Jessica made sure their eyes were closed, slid her thong off with one hand then pulled both their costumes down before they could react. By the time they realised their dreams were about to come true Jessica had a firm, young cock in each hand.

Neither boy dared move as Jessica slowly ran her hands along each shaft, studying each penis with an experienced eye. She was pleased to see that although Billy only had an average six inch cock it was as thick as her wrist and would fill her cunt nicely. On the other hand Jimmy's rod would have been at least ten inches long but a lot thinner. She was sure she would put both to good use.

She was also sure that they would not last long for now but would be quickly ready for action again. Sensing that they were unsure as to their next move Jessica said "I think you should give my tits a good rub while I ease up your tensions."

Each boy leant over and began playing with her breasts and nipples which sent a wave of pleasure through Jessica. She opened her legs wider, allowing them a good view of her wet pussy lips, which kept them nice and hard.

She slowly ran her hand along each cock in synchronisation and leant over to lick the precum from the head of each one in turn. Each time her tongue touched their sensitive flesh they moaned with delight and she could feel their bodies stiffening as they neared orgasm. 

Jessica quickened her teasing strokes and Billy and Jimmy both stood up straight as their hot cum began to shoot up from their balls and out of their shafts. Jessica aimed one rod to shoot its seed over her hot breasts and the other to cover her pussy hair and cunt lips. Strands of white cum flew out of the two stiff cocks and landed on Jessica's body from her neck to her thighs. At the end of their ejaculation a small dribble was forced out of each cock by her rubbing hand and Jessica licked it from each reddened staff, enjoying the taste of their pure cum.

Sure she had taken every drop, she released their now half erect phalluses and rubbed their cream into her body. She then stood and gave each a long tongue kiss, giving them a taste of their fluids before saying "Let's go for a swim."

With that she dived into the pool closely followed by Billy and Jimmy.

The two boys surfaced after Jessica and saw her in the middle of the pool, floating on her back. The remaining cum on her breasts and stomach glistened in the sunlight and they could just make out her pussy hair above her hot slit.

She drifted to the shallow end of the pool and stood up to face them. The surface of the pool lapped around her knees and she threw her head back which forced her breasts to press forward, accentuating the large erect nipples. One hand began rubbing her perfect chest while the other snaked its way down over her pubic hair and onto her pussy which was not only wet from the pool.

Both boys began walking toward her, their semi erect poles slowly coming into view as their bodies rose out of the water. Billy arrived first and took her in his arms, tongue kissing her while he pulled her close to his body. She could feel his thickening cock pressing into her lower stomach and knew she had to have it in her hot cunt.

Suddenly, Jimmy began kissing her on the back of the neck while enveloping both Jessica and Billy in his strong arms. He was only slightly taller than Jessica and she could now feel his thickening rod rubbing along the top of her crack between her arse cheeks. She was now sandwiched between these two gorgeous hunks and could feel both cocks hardening against her tight body as they rubbed against her in passionate embrace.

Then they both started to kiss their way down her body taking their stiff pricks away from her but causing her to lose control at the sensations of lips simultaneously licking both her tits at once.

While Billy had worked his way down her neck to the soft orb on the right of her chest Jimmy had worked his mouth across her back and under her left arm to lick along the other orb, reaching his destination at the same time as Billy. Both sucked the large brown nipples into their mouths and greedily licked around the flesh held in their mouth. Jessica moaned in ecstacy and played her fingers along their strong backs while they ran their hands over her arse cheeks and soft lower stomach.

Releasing one tortured nipple Jimmy recommenced his journey down the underside of her tortured breast, kissed across Jessica's hip and stopped just where her cheeks began to form that delightful channel which ran between her legs. He used his hands to separate her cheeks and tongued his way towards her tight arsehole.

This forced Jessica to involuntarily push her stomach and pussy out as Billy began to lick down over her navel to the very top of her finely trimmed pelt which lead to her saturated pussy. He greedily nuzzled the soft hair while Jimmy swirled his tongue around Jessica's rosebud.

Unable to focus with the pleasure she was feeling, Jessica's legs began to give way and Jimmy stood and took her swaying body into his arms. They had moved further into the pool during their ministrations and the water was now up to the top of Jessica's thighs. Jimmy eased her body back while Billy sank to his knees between her legs and floated her body while supporting her backside with his hands.

This meant that her head was just beneath Jimmy's tight balls and erect cock while her pink pussy lips were just below Billy's hungry mouth.

Billy held her up with one hand while his fingers on the other hand moved over her soft fur to the fleshy pussy lips just waiting to be sucked and licked. Billy was still technically a virgin although he had sucked a number of pussies over the last few years. However this was usually in the back of a dark car and this was the first cunt he had seen up close.

He was fascinated by the folds of skin resting over each other near her pubic hair but which separated slightly as they ran further down to where her entry to paradise lay. His fingers gently separated the slightly crinkled flaps, causing Jessica to moan louder, which revealed a large penis like clitoris which appeared to be as erect as his cock. His fingers moved down her slit and left the flaps parted for entry to her pink hole which was soaked in lubricating juices.

As Billy began licking and sucking the lower part of Jessica's vagina, Jimmy slowly moved her around so that he was at the deeper end of the pool. This allowed the water to come up to just under his aching balls and meant that Jessica was at just the right height to use her mouth on his cold tightened balls and engorged cock.

She put her arms around his hips and pulled him until he was just standing over her upturned face. She sucked at his bags full of semen and licked between his legs to his arsehole and back before nuzzling the tight skin which hung from his engorged cock. She managed to suck one tight nut into her experienced mouth and gave it a tongue massage before releasing it and pulling her head up to engulf the lower part of his phallus in her hot lips.

As she nuzzled the large cum channel on the bottom of his cock Billy moved up to take her clit in between his lips. He slowly sucked and tongued the sensitive flesh until Jessica released Jimmy's throbbing shaft and screamed in orgasmic delight as her body stiffened in response.

Breathlessly, Jessica pleaded with Billy to put his thick rod into her wet cunt as she took hold of Jimmy's erect phallus and slowly pumped her hand along its glistening length. Billy took her hips in his hands and stood so that his cock was just above her soaked pussy. Lifting her body slightly, the length of his shaft settled between her pussy lips with the bottom of the large head resting on her erect clitoris. He slowly pumped along the wet channel and over the sensitive knob of flesh until Jessica began another orgasm. She lifted her lower body further out of the water and impaled herself on Billy's thick rod, her hot cunt swallowing his shaft until his cum filled balls slapped onto her arse.

As both boys had only just ejaculated they knew that they could now remain erect for a long time before needing to again release their seed. Billy began to slowly fuck the tight cunt enveloping his shaft by withdrawing until the tip of the head only just remained between the soft lips then pushing back in until his entire shaft was again up to his balls in pussy meat. Meanwhile, Jessica's fingers on her free hand toyed with her clit and pussy as well as occasionally flicking his slowly moving rod. She was amazed at how full her cunt felt and could feel every twitch of his thick shaft.

Meanwhile Jimmy lifted her face back up to his hot balls which hung low from his erect shaft. Jessica sucked one between her moist lips and ran her tongue over the soft skin and hard nut while still masturbating him with her hand. She then managed to take the second one into her mouth and felt Jimmy stiffen at this totally new sensation as her tongue and lips massaged his sensitive sacs.

After some sensual minutes Jessica could feel the sun burning into her exposed skin and decided that this tryst would need to be continued under cover. Releasing Jimmy from her mouth she reluctantly pulled away from Billy and stood unsteadily again between her two lovers.

Both cocks stood straight out from the boys' bodies and Jessica grabbed each as she began to walk towards the pool steps. Stopping at the steps, she released their hard shafts and gave Billy a long passionate tongue kiss followed by another with Jimmy. She then turned and walked towards the pool hut without saying a word. Both boys watched her tanned naked body for a short time before following her into the cool hut.

As they entered the hut their eyes took a few seconds to adjust to the semi darkness. As their eyes adjusted they noticed a small bar, casual lounge and chairs and a large sheet covered rubber mattress which was usually used for unexpected guests staying overnight.

Jessica had knelt in the middle of the mattress and sensually licked her lips as she prompted them to join her. Both boys knelt on the mattress and slowly crawled toward Jessica, who now lay back with her arms and legs both outstretched in wanton abandon. Jimmy and Billy lay on each side of her and began to suckle each of her enlarged nipples while she rubbed her hands gently over their backs pulling them closer to her hot body. A tremor of excitement ran through her when she felt the heat of their engorged phalluses press against her soft thighs.

Jessica could feel the hot juices flowing from her expectant pussy and knew it was time to release the sexual tension built up in the core of her body. She took Jimmy from her breast and kissed him deeply before pushing him onto his back and then did the same with Billy. Both of their erect pricks pointed to the ceiling and Jessica took each in a hand moistened by her pussy juices and began to slowly masturbate them.

Neither boy moved and she knew they were still totally under her control. With a squeeze of Jimmy's soft balls she rolled over onto Billy and worked his thick cock into her soaked pussy then lay almost motionless as one hand took her hot fluids from his large cum sack and moistened her arse hole.
