 This story contains episodes of straight sex, gay sex and lesbian sex. All characters are 18 years old and older and they engage in vaginal sex, anal sex and oral sex. If this is offensive to you as a reader I suggest that you do not read this story. Originally it was planned to be only one chapter but it got quite long so I have divided it into smaller chapters. As always your comments and feedback are welcome and encouraged. 

INTRODUCTION

Curt had just turned 18 the summer before his senior year in high school. He still had two months before school started and he was still a virgin but that was about to change. In spite of being one of the oldest boys in his class, Curt was still very immature and naïve about sex. His parents had held him back from attending kindergarten for that very reason as they did not want him to be the youngest in his class.

Curt was good looking and he matured physically in his junior year. He stood at 6'2" and weighed 180 pounds. He had muscled up a little more since he took the summer job with a swimming pool maintenance company. Curt had worked on the installation of a couple of pools and he had learned to service them as well. He had been assigned to a particular neighborhood to maintain the pools in that area. Occasionally he would be assigned to another installation but he primarily maintained pools. 

Curt loved his job in the neighborhood as he loved looking at the bikini clad women and girls who sunbathed at the pool while he was cleaning it. The neighborhood was mixed with young families and older families. Some had very young children, some had teenagers and others had no children at all. One family that was in their early twenties the Smits did not have children. In fact many neighbors referred to them as the Smuts because it was rumored that they were swingers and had lewd parties.

CURT'S SEXUAL AWAKENING

Curt was struggling with his sexuality as he had a pent up desire that longed to be released. It wasn't until he decided to take in a movie one rainy afternoon that he finally lost his virginity. He had asked a classmate Marilyn who was also 18 years old to the movie. Marilyn was not a beautiful girl but she was not too sore to eye either. She had a reputation of putting out for the guys in school but nobody really knew for sure if it was true. 

Marilyn and Curt went to the movie theater and the place was virtually empty. Curt was thrilled that Marilyn let him feel her tits through her sweater at the movie. Curt had a raging hard-on and he almost came in his pants when Marilyn ran her hand over his erection. After the movie they drove to the remote make out spot and they kissed and fondled each other. Curt couldn't believe the progress he was making with Marilyn as she was letting him do things that most girls stopped. He had her sweater pushed up over her tits and he had unsnapped her bra. Curt mauled Marilyn's firm hard tits and played with her nipples.

Curt began to suck on Marilyn's tits as he rubbed her firm abs. he thought his cock was going to burst through his pants at any minute. Curt moved his hands to Marilyn's legs and caressed her thighs. Curt was thrilled when Marilyn didn't stop the ascent of his hands under her skirt. Curt was breathing harder than Marilyn when he reached her panties. He stroked her pussy mound causing Marilyn to groan. Then he hooked his fingers in her panties and began to lower them. Marilyn did not stop him and Curt was incredibly excited.

"Oh my God she is going to let me take off her panties!" he thought to himself. 

Curt slid the panties down Marilyn's legs and took them off her. Then he moved his hand back to her pussy and found it to be sopping wet. Curt slipped one finger and then added a second into Marilyn's pussy and Marilyn humped his hand in return. Curt was just about to free his cock when Marilyn spoke.

"Curt, let's go to my house. There's nobody there my parents are out of town," Marilyn said suggestively.

Curt just nodded and quickly got behind the wheel of the car. He followed Marilyn's directions to her house and he was careful not to speed even though he was anxious to get there. On the drive over Marilyn sat close to Curt and since she had not put her panties back on or fastened her bra, Curt was able to play with her tits and pussy while they drove. Finally they arrived at Marilyn's house and they rushed inside.

Marilyn steered Curt into the family room and then she stripped off her clothes. Curt just watched as her shapely body came into view. Marilyn was not the prettiest girl that Curt had ever dated but she had the best figure. Marilyn smiled at Curt as he stared at her body and then spoke.

"Well are you going to take off your clothes or just stand there and look at me?" she asked.

Curt snapped out of his stupor and quickly shed his clothes. His cock stood out like a flag pole displaying his obvious desire. Marilyn walked over to him and took a hold of his cock. It was the first time any but Curt held his cock in their hand. Curt felt like he would cum any second as Marilyn toyed with his dick. It was clear that Marilyn was in complete control. Marilyn pushed Curt back on the sofa and then she knelt before him. 

You have a beautiful cock and I am going to enjoy sucking it," Marilyn said in a very sultry tone.

Curt was speechless as he watched Marilyn lower her head and engulf his cock in her warm sensuous mouth. He gasped as she closed her lips around it and then began to bob up and down. Marilyn deep throated him taking all 8 inches and he felt her lips touch his pubic hair as she swallowed his entire cock. No one had ever done that before and he almost lost it at that moment.

Marilyn continued to suck his cock and she swirled her tongue around and nibbled the head driving Curt crazy. Marilyn sensed that he was close to blowing his load and she cupped his tight balls and massaged them as she tightened her mouth around his cock. That did it and Curt could feel his cum travel from his balls through his scrotum as he started to cum.

"Oh shit, here it is. I'm cumming," he screamed but it was more of announcement than a warning.

Marilyn stayed glued to his cock and swallowed every drop of his seed as it rushed into her mouth. Curt came in droves and Marilyn had to swallow quickly to keep his seed from running out of her mouth. Curt could not believe how Marilyn worked his cock and swallowed every drop. Marilyn was pleased with his youthful discharge and she knew that he would be hard again in no time so that he could fuck her. Curt shot quite a load in her mouth almost as much as the life guards had at the pool.

Marilyn sucked and nibbled and teased Curt to no end. Finally he begged her to stop and he slid back onto the sofa to rest and recover. Marilyn sat next to him and turned his face toward hers. She kissed him deeply plunging her tongue into his mouth allowing him to sample the after taste of cum. Curt reached for her and took her in his arms. Curt fondled her tits, thighs and ass as they kissed. He could feel himself getting erect again as they cuddled, petted and kissed on the sofa.

"Come on, let's take this upstairs where we will be more comfortable," she said sexily.

Curt followed Marilyn upstairs to her bedroom. He never took his eyes off of her shapely legs and killer ass the entire time. They entered the bedroom and Marilyn turned to face him.

"Have you ever eaten pussy before?" she asked.

"No I haven't," Curt confessed as he blushed.

"Well I will teach you and once you learn to eat pussy you will be very popular," Marilyn told him.

Marilyn got on back on her bed and spread her legs. Her hands went down to her pussy and she stroked her quim and opened it for Curt to see. Curt just stared at her in all her beauty lying on the bed. Her hair spread across the bed, her firm tits and hard nipples stuck up in the air and her voluptuous tanned body was splayed before him. Marilyn held her arms open to him and then guided him to her body as he leaned in toward her.

Marilyn coached him through every move of his first pussy eating experience. Curt buried his tongue in Marilyn's pussy shoving it in as if he was fucking her. Marilyn directed the action and she soon had him nibbling on her clit while he fingered her pussy. Curt was really getting into the action particularly because of the way he had Marilyn squirming and tossing on the bed. Marilyn moved her legs over Curt's shoulders and pulled his head closer to her pussy. Curt held on to Marilyn's shapely buttocks and squeezed and fondled her firm ass cheeks as he ate her pussy.

"Oh, oh, yes right there. You got it. Suck it, chew on it eat me, oh!" Marilyn cried out.

Curt continued to eat her pussy as he held her ass tightly in his hands. He then moved his hands up to her tits and found her hard nipples. Curt massaged her boobs and twirled her nipples in his fingertips as he continued to munch on her pussy and clit. Marilyn was tossing and thrusting her pussy into Curt's face and calling for him to eat her.

"Stick your finger in my ass," screamed Marilyn.

Curt had never fingered anyone's asshole and he was taken back by the demand. He snuck one hand behind Marilyn's bottom and toyed with her asshole tickling the tight nether hole.

"Wet your finger in my pussy and shove it in my ass," Marilyn ordered.

Curt stuck his middle finger in Marilyn's pussy and got it good and wet with her juices. He then positioned it at Marilyn's asshole and shoved it in. Marilyn gasped with the abrupt anal penetration but soon had Curt's finger buried in her ass. Curt pumped his finger in and out of Marilyn's ass as he continued to maul her pussy with his mouth. Curt loved the feel of his finger in the warm recess of Marilyn's ass.

Marilyn stiffened and gasped aloud as she came on Curt's face. Curt held on to her with his finger still buried in her ass and his mouth glued to her cunt. He felt the waves of orgasm rock Marilyn's body and his face was flooded with her cunt juice. Marilyn kept humping his face until the last of her orgasms passed and she flopped back on the bed.

Curt slipped his finger from her ass and his hands found her breasts again. He stroked her tits and nipples as he gently licked her pussy dry of all her juices. Curt finished eating her and then sat up kneeling between Marilyn legs. Curt followed Marilyn's eyes to his cock and then he realized that he was hard again.

Marilyn smiled at him and said, "That was marvelous, an outstanding first performance. Now get that cock in my pussy and fuck me!"

Curt leaned forward and aimed his cock at Marilyn's pussy. He slid in easily to the hilt and reveled in the warmth of her cunt. Curt began to pump his cock in and out of Marilyn's pussy as she wrapped her shapely legs around his back. Marilyn pulled him in with her legs and positioned herself so that her clit was in constant contact with his cock. Curt began to pound Marilyn's pussy and Marilyn humped her hips back at him just as hard. The two of them fucked each other frantically breathing heavy and grunting and moaning. Marilyn had another orgasm but continued to fuck Curt toward his. Marilyn lost count of her orgasms before Curt finally filled her pussy with his spunk. 

Curt stiffened and then thrust into her each time he felt his cum ejaculate. Marilyn rocked with him and she clenched her cunt muscles squeezing every drop of cum from his cock. Curt collapsed on her body as he felt the last surge of cum leave his cock. Marilyn held him tight as he relaxed his body. Curt had never felt so good in his life. He had longed to fuck other girls his age before but it was never happened. He couldn't believe his good fortune in fucking Marilyn.

Marilyn rolled to her side and Curt rolled with her. They held to each other and gently caressed each other's sweaty body. Marilyn pushed Curt on his back and then she kissed her way down his chest passed his stomach to his cock. Curt gasped in surprise when Marilyn took his cock in her mouth and sucked it clean of their combined juices. Then she moved up his body and kissed him deeply shoving her tongue in his mouth again. Marilyn wanted to be sure that he got to taste both of them and that he shed any inhibitions that he previously had.

"I can see that you are still ready for action. Have you ever fucked a girl in the ass?" Marilyn quizzed him as she looked at his erect cock.

"No I haven't. I really never thought about it," Curt admitted.

"I love it in the ass. Will you fuck me in the ass?" Marilyn asked sexily.

"I guess, if you want, yeah sure I'll do it," Curt replied somewhat stunned. 

Marilyn smiled at him and then got off the bed. She retrieved some lubricant from the nightstand and handed it to Curt. Marilyn then got on all fours and directed Curt to lube her ass. Curt got turned on by putting the lube in her asshole. He enjoyed fingering her hole and caressing her curvy ass. Marilyn rotated her ass in arousal as Curt inserted a second finger into her bung hole.

"Okay I'm ready for your cock Curt, fuck me in the ass," ordered Marilyn.

Curt knelt behind her and eased his hard cock into her ass. He worked it in slowly and reveled in the methodical penetration of her luscious ass. Marilyn's ass was a warm tight receptacle. Marilyn used her anal muscles to perfection as she massaged Curt's cock in her anal sheath. Curt caressed both of Marilyn's gorgeous ass cheeks as he fucked her ass deeply. They both sensed he was about to cum again and Curt picked up his pace as Marilyn squeezed his cock with more intensity.

"Cum in my ass, I want your cum in my ass," Marilyn cried out.

Her words sent Curt over the edge and he fired his third load of the day into Marilyn's hot ass. Marilyn felt the warm sperm coat her rectal passage, a feeling that she never tired of. She squeezed her anal muscles and milked Curt's cock dry of every drop of cum. Curt continued to fuck her slowly until his cock softened and slipped from her ass. Curt just looked at her beautiful ass and watched as trickles of cum ran out of her ass across the lips of her pussy and down her inner thighs.

"Come on let's grab a shower," Marilyn instructed.

Curt and Marilyn showered and washed each other to the point where Curt was hard again. Marilyn put her hands against the shower wall and let Curt fuck her in her shapely ass one more time before he left the house. Curt and Marilyn kissed good-bye and they agreed to go out again sometime.

Several weeks later Curt learned that Marilyn's parents had put her in a private school. The rumor was that she got caught fucking three lifeguards at the pool at the same time. Her parents decided that Marilyn was just too promiscuous for public school. Curt was devastated as he had hoped to fuck Marilyn again. Now he resorted to jerking off again particularly after seeing Cindy Smit in her skimpy bikini while he cleaned the Smit's pool.

MEET THE SMITS

Cindy and Ricky Smit were in their early twenties. They had met in college and married shortly after graduation. They learned in college that they had something in common sexually that they were both attracted to the same sex. Cindy had gone to an all girl's private high school and Ricky had gone to an all boy's private high school. In their senior years when they were both 18 years of age they began having sex with their roommates and even some faculty members. 

When they met in college they began dating but they also maintained their bi-sexual behavior and saw other students. Cindy and Ricky liked their lifestyle and they often had threesomes together. They decided to marry and stay together and enjoy an open marriage. They expanded their horizons and joined a bi-sexual swinger's club. At times they invited bi-sexual couples to their home and they even had a few pool parties that turned into bi-sexual orgies.

CINDY SMIT

It all started for Cindy in her senior year of high school when she and her roommate started playing around with each other. Cindy and her roommate April were cute girls with darling figures. They both had small budding very sensitive breasts, shapely legs, flat tummies and curvy asses. Cindy particularly had an incredible ass as it seemed to stick out 10 to 12 inches from the back of her legs and was perfectly shaped. April couldn't keep her hands off of Cindy's ass.

One day Cindy and April got caught by their gym teacher. They had hidden behind some lockers and they were kissing and fingering each other's pussy with their shorts and panties pushed down around their ankles. Their shirts and sport bras were pushed up and their naked breasts were pressed together. The gym teacher caught them and told them to get dressed and follow her to the principal's office. 

The principal a very beautiful sophisticated 50 year old lady dismissed the gym teacher and turned her attention to Cindy and April. The principal locked her office door and then told Cindy and April to demonstrate what they were doing when they got caught. Embarrassed and blushing the girls did what they were told. They pulled each other's panties down to their ankles and pushed their shirts and bras up over their tits. Cindy and April began kissing each other and fingering each other's pussy just as they had when they were caught earlier. They soon got carried away and forgot all about the principal in the room. The principal then stopped them and asked them if they had ever eaten each other's pussy.

Cindy and April had not progressed to that level of lesbian sex yet but they had both though about it. Cindy told the principal that they had not tried it yet and they were both inexperienced in that area. The principal said that she would show them the proper way and she suggested that the girls take off all their clothes to be more comfortable. The two girls disrobed and sat naked next to each other on a sofa as the sophisticated principal knelt between their legs and ate both the young girl's pussies. The principal ate Cindy first and then she ate April driving them both wild with mind blowing orgasms. 

The principal then told Cindy to eat April's pussy. Cindy got on her knees and ate her roommate's pussy recalling everything that the principal had done to her. Cindy had April squirming when she felt a tongue touch her pussy from behind. The principal was tonguing Cindy's pussy from behind as Cindy ate April. Then Cindy felt the principal's tongue touch her anus. Cindy jumped when the tip touched her asshole and screamed into her roommate's pussy when the tongue probed the taboo aperture. April came all over Cindy's face and Cindy tasted pussy for the first time. Cindy loved the taste of her roommates love juices and she was thrilled that she could make April cum like that.

Next the principal took off all her clothes and she had the two girls suck on her tits and eat her pussy. The principal had guided them into a three-way position so that they each had a pussy to eat. April ate Cindy as Cindy ate the principal and the principal ate April. The principal surprised April when she stuck a pussy moist finger into April's asshole. The three of them came again and then they all got dressed and the girls were excused. 

That night in their room April and Cindy couldn't keep their hands off each other as they continued to experiment with their new found love. For days following their education in the principal's office they slept together at night and ate each other's pussy until they were exhausted and drained. They loved to be in a 69 position as they ate each to multiple orgasms.

One day the girls were summoned to the principal's office again and this time they were introduced to a pretty female guidance counselor. In a matter of minutes the two adults and two students were naked with their mouths fastened to pussies. That afternoon both April and Cindy were treated to a rim job by the principal as the guidance counselor lick their pussies. Both adults were fascinated with Cindy's incredible ass and it seemed that they could not get enough of her.
