 (All persons involved in sexual activity in this story are consenting adults, over the age of 18. Any similarities between this story and real life are purely coincidental).

***

Faced with a possible layoff, my older brother accepted a sudden transfer to an office in Southern California; about 5 hours. Even with the enticement of a new home near the beach, my brother's only child, my nephew, really wanted to stay in his childhood town of Las Vegas and finish up his senior year in high school.

Jason had just turned 18, had excellent grades, and was a multi-sport athlete and a very responsible young man. All that made it easy for me, a 35 year old, lifelong bachelor, to invite him to live with me and finish high school. Welcome to parenting.

My house was the perfect place for the two of us to live. It was a large, spacious home with 3 bedrooms upstairs; giving us plenty of room to each have a bedroom and an office to share for work and studies. Downstairs was the ultimate man cave with an 80" TV and powered recliners, and the pool, hot tub and pool house (complete with a tiki bar) in the backyard topped it off.

Jason wasn't a partier by any stretch, but he certainly enjoyed having friends over to use the pool, BBQ, and have fun. As a good "parent", I made sure to have contact with the parents of the other people coming over in case they had any questions of concerns. I have to say, I was a pretty good, surrogate, dad.

The most frequent visitors were Jason's girlfriend, Jordan, and her best friend, Sarah. Jordan and Sarah had both graduated the year before and, at 19 years old, were attending the local junior college here in Vegas. I let them come and go as much as they wanted; and Jordan routinely spent the night with my brother's permission, when Jason didn't have too much school work. 

Avoiding any serious relationships, and just enjoying life, I had a very active social and sex life and plenty of womanly attention around. However, it wasn't hard to notice how gorgeous Jordan and Sarah were as they pranced around the pool deck and through the house, usually sporting a bikini or very appealing one-piece bathing suit. The windows on the upstairs bedrooms looked down on the pool deck and more than a time or two I gazed lustfully at the girls as they laid out in the sun. Oh how I wished to be that young again and have my shot at young women like that; they didn't seem to look like that when I was growing up.

Time flew by that year and, before I knew it, there was a horde of people in town for Jason's graduation. He had earned a full-ride scholarship for baseball to a university in Northern California and would be leaving in July to start training for fall ball. Jason and Jordan continued to see each other over the summer, but with the understanding that when he left for school they would end their serious relationship to avoid having it collide with the goals they had individually.

Later that summer, Jason's going away party was held at my place and was a bittersweet moment. I was immensely proud of my nephew and excited for the future that was ahead of him, but I was also sad to be losing my "son". I knew when Jason was on break from school he'd head to his parent's new beach home. He and I had become close and I knew I'd miss him; and the fun-loving pervert in me knew I'd also be losing Jordan and Sarah as regular visitors. 

As the party was winding down, I went into the kitchen to start cleaning up a little and Jordan came in bringing some dirty dishes. "I got those Jordie," I said calling her by the nickname I had given her.

"Thanks Steve. It was a really great party," she said.

"Yes. It was a great party to end all the parties I guess," I said sadly.

"What do you mean by that," she asked?

"Well, you know. With all of you gone, I'll go back to being a lonely bachelor."

"You are hardly a lonely bachelor, Stevie. You probably can't wait to have us all out of here so you can resume a parade of sexy guests in and out of your place," Jordie said flirtatiously.

"Whatever. I'll still miss seeing you and hearing all the laughing. You guys are really amazing young adults, Jordan, and I'll miss you," I said getting slightly choked up.

"Awwwww. That's really sweet Steve. But, Sarah and I can still come visit every once in a while. I have your cell number and you have mine, so let's connect okay," she said as she leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek.

"Come visit every once in a while," I thought to myself, "Hell, you can move in if you want."

I went back to cleaning up the kitchen while a few people were left quietly chatting in the backyard. I finished up, turned out a few lights, encouraged those still visiting to stay as late as they wanted, and I headed upstairs to crash. As I covered the last few stairs and turned down the hall, I nearly ran over Sarah as she came out of the upstairs bathroom. 

"Oh god, sorry Sarah. I didn't see you," I said as we both jumped.

"Oh my god, yes, you scared me. I'm so sorry Steve. Someone was using the bathroom downstairs and so I made myself at home and came up to use this one. Sorry about that."

"Don't be silly Sarah. You are always welcome here."

"That's very nice," Sarah started in, "Jordan said you invited us over anytime we wanted and I can assure you we'll take you up on that offer. Jason was only part of the reason we like to come over." And with that, she gave me a hug and headed downstairs.

"My heart be still," I thought as I headed to bed. The attention I got from Jordan and Sarah in the last hour made me horny as hell. Having no fuck buddies to call up at the moment, I did what is always available; looked up some free porn on my phone and jacked off until I released a stream of sperm anyone would be proud of.

I was surprised how fast time has flown. Before I knew it, even the weather in Las Vegas had cooled off a bit. I was keeping up with Jason on social media and, as Facebook friends, occasionally seeing a post between Jordan, Sarah, and Jason. Seeing them made me realize, their idea of coming over was probably just a polite thing to say.

Mid-October came along and the forecast for the upcoming weekend was going to have afternoon highs spike back over 100 degrees; even a little warm for Vegas this time of year. I was mulling over tee time possibilities for my Saturday round of golf when I settled on an early morning time to avoid the worst of the day's heat. As I was doing that, my phone buzzed to life with a text message:

Jordan: "Hey Steve. 'Sup?"

Me: "Not much Jordie. How are you?"

Jordan: "Great. What are you up to Saturday? Sarah and I wanted to come swim."

Me: "I'm golfing that morning. You know where the key is. Enjoy yourself."

Jordan: "You're so sweet. Thank you."

Well, there you go. At least I wasn't totally forgotten by the dynamic, babe duo of Jordan and Sarah. If my luck held, maybe they would still be here when I returned from golfing. 

Friday, I made sure and head to the store and stock the fridge in the pool house bar with their favorite snacks and drinks. Saturday morning, I left them a note in the kitchen: "Hey Girls. Enjoy the house as if it yours. Snacks and drinks in the pool house. Hope you can stick around until I get back. The old man would love to see his girls. : )"

Saturday morning as I teed off, I knew my golf game would suffer. I played much faster, and distracted by thoughts of two beautiful, bathing suit wearing babes in my backyard, I couldn't concentrate long enough to make a decent shot. As we made the turn between the 9th and 10th hole, my golf buddy said to me, "Shit Steve. What is with you today? I'm kicking your ass."

"Sorry man. I just have some stuff on my mind."

"Is everything okay," he asked?

"Very good," I laughed, "I'll do better."

I was fortunate to not get pulled over on my way home; driving at a "get home to see babes" type of speed. As I pulled onto my street, my heart jumped with joy. Jordan's signature, red Jeep was still parked in front of my house. I hit the garage opener, pulled into the garage, and popped into the house. I drank copious amounts of water during my round of golf as it well into the 90's and so, before bouncing outside to see Jordan and Sarah I darted upstairs to relieve myself. 

As I came out of my master bath, I glanced out my window and down to the pool deck and just about fell over. Sarah was laying on her stomach, topless, with bright pink, thong bottoms. All 5' 1" of Sarah is highlighted by her ass that is so well-rounded and bubbly that it practically looks fake. Her firm, probably 34C tits were buried in the chaise lounge. Many times I had wondered what she looked like without clothing and this was by far the closest I had come to that being a reality. She had never dressed this way in the past.

And, it got better than that. Jordan was also topless, but laying on her side, facing Sarah while they talked, and I could see a full view of her tits. She was small, probably 32B, but they were the incredibly perky, puffy, big-nippled tits that are made for porn. She was wearing fluorescent green bikini bottoms and I could only hope they were also a thong.

"Oh shit," I thought as I was almost caught gawking at them. I pulled back from the window, and sunk to the floor as Jordan got up to walk over to the pool house to get a drink; showing me that in fact her bottoms were a thong pulled way up her ass. 

As she was further away from Sarah now, and talking a bit louder, I could easily hear what Jordan was saying, "Yes, I'm serious. I saw his entire cock and it was hard and huge."

"You're full of shit," Sarah said.

"No I'm not. I was spending the night with Jason and, later in the night when Steve must have thought we were asleep, he came out to the hot tub wearing nothing. Jason was snoring and I was looking out that window right up there," Jordan said as she pointed up to the house.

"You lucky bitch. I would give anything to see his big dick. And I'd give even more to have him bring me to orgasm with it," Sarah said with a devious laugh.

"Holy shit," I thought to myself as my dick started to harden.

"Jordan, truth or dare," Sarah started?

"Ha ha. Okay. Truth," Jordan replied.

"Have you fantasized about him since then," Sarah asked?

"Fuck yes. Several times. Even a few times when Jason and I were having sex," Jordan said, "Truth or dare, Sarah?"

"Truth," Sarah accepted.

"Would you let him be the person that takes your virginity," Jordan asked?

"What the fuck," I thought. "Sarah is a virgin? Oh jeez. Wow. The guy that eventually gets her fresh pussy will be the luckiest man alive."

"Hmmmm. I can't think of anyone better to do it. Sure," Sarah replied and they both laughed.

"Truth or dare," Sarah asked Jordan again?

"Dare," Jordan boldly said.

"When Steve gets here, stay topless and let him actually see your tits," Sarah dared Jordan.

"Really? Okay. If you will, I will," Jordan suggested.

"Deal!"

"Pinky swear," Jordan offered?

"Pinky swear."

I either had to stay here and listen, and eventually masturbate, or I had to go down there, interrupt their girl talk and hope they played out their dare to each other. I splashed some cold water on my face, gathered myself as best I could, walked downstairs, into the kitchen and acted like I had just gotten home from golf. "Hello? Jordan? Sarah? Are you out there," I called from the kitchen. 

"Hey Steve! Yes, we're out here," they both yelled.

"Okay, I am going to go upstairs and change and then I'll come out." I darted upstairs, for the second time, and changed into my swimsuit. Fortunately, I had been able to reduce my erection a little bit by this time. I peeked out the window and they were both lying on their stomachs, looking at each other, with big smiles on their faces. I wondered if they would uphold their pinky swear. I came downstairs, poured a cocktail and headed out to the pool, ever so hopeful.

"Hey Jordan. Hey Sarah. It is really good to see you guys again. I missed having you around," I started off.

Arching up just a little bit, still leaving their breasts firmly planted on their towels, they both said hello. "Grab a chaise lounge and bring it over here. There's room between us," Jordan offered.

"I hope you guys have been enjoying yourself," I said.

"We love it here. Just what the hot weather ordered," Sarah said.

As I was about to lay down, Jordan asked me to put oil on her back, "I got out of the pool a little while ago and need to put it back on so I tan evenly."

I poured some oil on her back and started to rub it around. Knowing what they talked about, and their impending "dare" I picked up on the way they faced each other and made small facial expressions as I rubbed oil all over Jordan's back.

"Can you put some all over my legs to," she asked sweetly?

I poured some oil into my hands and started rubbing her legs and she spread them apart so I could reach inside her thighs. As I oiled her ass cheeks without hesitation, she arched her pelvis a little and, as my hands moved up inside her inner thighs, she slid back, pushing her crotch right into my hand. I pulled my hand back a bit, and she adjusted to make sure my hand stayed up against her cunt. I ran my finger along her slit which elicited the slightest little moan from her. As I finished, I ran my hand back up over her ass and up her bare back and asked Sarah, "Do you need some too?"

"No. I'm ok. Thank you though," Sarah said and Jordan shot her a scowled look.

"I could use some on my front side," Jordan said.

"Well, how are we going to do that; you're topless," I replied.

"Like this," Jordan said as she rolled over and cupped her hands over her tits; surprising me and Sarah and getting a roll of the eyes from Sarah.

I rubbed oil on Jordan's gorgeously flat, hard abs and then put some in my hand to oil her legs. Again she spread her legs, but this time I noticed a wet spot on the small triangle of fabric covering her pussy. As I rubbed up the inside of her thighs, she winked, shifted down so my fingers pushed into her bathing suit and onto her wet spot. I glanced at her, she winked, and moved her hands just enough so her perky, hard nipples showed through.

"Dare complete for Jordan. Now Sarah," I thought to myself as I pulled away, leaving her breathing heavy.

Wondering what was next for them, I decided to see what Sarah might do. So, I got up, headed to the pool house and announced on the way over there "I'm going to make a margarita."

"I want one," Jordan jumped in. As I entered the pool house, I could hear her get up from the chaise lounge and say something to Sarah that I couldn't hear. She followed me, but I didn't look back.

"Come on Sarah," Jordan called out loud. 

"No, I'm fine. You go," Sarah said.

I was standing at the bar inside the pool house starting a margarita when Jordan entered. I turned around and faced a sexy, topless, 19 year old hottie. A little stunned she had taken it thus far I said, "Jordan, do you think it's a good idea you're standing there topless?"

"Oh I'm sorry Steve," she whispered, "It didn't seem like you cared when you were oiling me and touching me out there."

"You can do whatever feels...," I started to say.

Interrupting me, Jordan walked toward me and said, "I think this is a better idea." And she pressed her little, puffy nipples into my chest, kissed me, and reached down and grabbed my cock through my shorts.

"What is this all about," I asked?

"Fair is fair don't you think," she said as she untied my bathing suit and reached down inside and grabbed my hard dick, "You got to see me, now I get to see you."

I gave up all rational thought and started kissing her, feeling her tits and sliding off her bikini bottoms, exposing her soaking wet pussy. I slid my fingers deep inside her cunt and started getting her off.

"You're a bad girl, Jordan," I said while I finger fucked her.

"Make me even worse with that huge cock of yours," she said as she stepped back, laid down on the couch in the pool house, spread her legs, and pulled her knees up. I don't think I've ever had a better invitation to fuck a pussy. 

With Sarah right outside, and not thinking we could have a romantic love making session, I led the way with my huge, erect cock. She guided the tip into her slit and I pushed in quickly. My initial thrust and the pinching of her hard nipples caused her to tense up, squeeze my dick with her tight pussy and start an intense orgasm. I kept fucking her faster and faster. "I'm going to cum Jordan," I said, "Oh god here it goes!"

As the first burst of cum left my balls and shot deep inside her cunt I heard a noise, turned my head, and saw Sarah standing there, watching me fuck her friend. Sarah pinched her own nipple in one hand and was fingering herself to the point of near orgasm with the other.

I returned my attention to Jordan as she wrapped her legs around me and pulled me in more. As I kept pounding her and filling her with hot cum, I heard Sarah say, "Save some for me."

That caught Jordan's attention and she unwrapped her legs, melted into the couch and motioned for Sarah to come over. While I was still inside Jordan, I reached back, took Sarah's hand and pulled her over and kissed her firm, mouthful of a tit. I used my hand to pull down her bottoms, revealing a small mound of dark bush that, based on what I heard earlier, had never been fucked.

I rolled off Jordan, exposing the cream pie I had given her, and patted the couch for Sarah to join us. She sat down and the three of us began making out. Jordan sucked my cock a little to clean it up and I kissed and touched Sarah everywhere I could.

My cock softened a little after pulling out of Jordan, but it was now fully erect again. Jordan reached over me and with a gentle stroke on Sarah's, body she asked, "Do you want Steve to be your first, Sarah?"

"Yes. Yes. Please fuck me, Steve," Sarah pleaded, "And will you join us Jordan?"

"No baby. The first time needs to just be you," Jordan said as she slid over to the nearby, comfy chair.

I sat back on the couch and pulled Sarah onto my lap, so she was sitting on my cock, facing me. She was already soaking wet from fingering, so I eased my cock into her virgin pussy ever so slowly. She winced in pain, but within a few seconds was gliding up and down on my cock, moaning with pleasure.

I looked over at Jordan and smiled as she tickled her own clit and fondled her nipples. I was fucking a hot, sexy, virgin bush and sucking her firm nipples. I could feel the burning and pressure building back up in my balls and was hoping she'd orgasm soon. She started shaking, tensed up, arched her back with her hard nipples up in the air and screamed, "Oh my fucking god I'm cumming!"

With that as a sign it was my turn, I blew a load of hot, sticky, white sperm deep into her virgin womb. Jordan couldn't have timed it more perfectly as she moaned with an orgasm from masturbating.

After giving Sarah a full load, I picked her up, supporting her in my arms with one hand, grabbed Jordan with the other hand and led them to the hot tub. The water was only warm and the bubbles cleaned us up as we kissed and touched some more.

"So, Sarah, what do you think," Jordan finally asked?

"I loved it. I want it again," Sarah said.

"You'll have to come back and visit," I invited. 

"No. I want it again now. And I want all three of us involved," Sarah demanded.

"Jordan," I inquired?

"Sounds great to me," she said.

With that I led them upstairs to my king sized bed. I had no idea they wanted to experience a true threesome, including some girl-on-girl action, but that became very obvious when Jordan laid down on her back, Sarah dove between her legs and started licking out some of the cum I had left in Jordan.
