 AUTHORS NOTE: I received a request to write the final chapter of this series to include a gay orgy. I tried that and also include the bi-sex theme.

*****

CURT'S NEW GAY CLIENT

Curt arrived at the home of his newest client. He rang the doorbell but there was no answer. He checked his calendar and he definitely had the right day and time for the appointment. It was a new pool cleaning client so he knew there had to be a pool in the back yard. He decided to see if his prospect was out back. We walked around the side of the house and found a gate leading to the back yard. The gate was unlocked so he entered the yard and walked around back. He never expected to see the sight he saw that day.

The swimming pool was huge, definitely the biggest private pool he had seen since he began cleaning them. It was what was in the pool that shocked him. There were three large rafts floating in the water and each one could easily accommodate two people. They were all occupied with two naked young men on each one. All six of them were definitely gay as they were having sex on the rafts.

On one raft the two gays were in a 69 position on their sides sucking each other's cock. Another raft had one gay fucking the other one missionary style and on the third raft one gay was fucking the other one doggy style. They were so occupied with each other that they were unaware of Curt's presence. He decided to watch them until they discovered he was there.

All of them were fit slender handsome young men. Then he changed his mind and decided that some of them looked pretty especially the three blondes. They all had tanned bodies except for their buttocks. Curt liked the tan lines as it emphasized their shapely asses. He felt his cock stiffen in his shorts and he was tempted to take it out and jerk off but thought better of it.

He had come a long way in his pool cleaning experiences with anal sex. He had learned from his clients that fucking a good looking ass was the same whether it was female, gay, bi or a lady boy. Looking at the sex gays he would have no trouble fucking any of their sweet asses. He watched them until they all ejaculated and dumped their loads on each other's body and then he was spotted.

"Who are you? What are you doing in my yard?" a pretty blonde with an average size cock called out.

"I'm Curt. I was scheduled to clean the pool today."

"Oh shit, was that today? I forgot all about that. Can you come back tomorrow?"

"No but I'll call to reschedule," Curt offered and was about to leave when another person called out.

"Wait!" he yelled and then he directed his comment to the blonde owner, "Brandy, let him stay. He got an erection from watching us. I can see the outline, he's hung."

Brandy smiled and replied, "Okay Lee; we'll see where this goes, come closer Curt."

Curt moved closer to the side of the pool and as he did he felt his cock twitch in his shorts. "I see what you mean Lee, good catch. Take your cock out Curt you perked our curiosity."

No longer being the modest prude and now very experienced with sexual partners, Curt smiled as he unfastened his shorts and pushed them down to his knees. He was in the habit of going commando on days he was cleaning pools and his cock leaped out as his shorts cleared it.

"Jesus," another gay exclaimed. 

"Why don't you shed your clothes and join us? You can clean the pool later," Brandy encouraged. 

"I can do that but I have to tell you that I am not into cock. I don't suck it and I don't take it in the ass. However, I would be glad to let you guys suck my dick or fuck some of those sweet asses."

"It's my house so I am first," Brandy stated and then introduced the other gays by name. 

The other two blondes were Sandy and Lee. The three brown hair guys were Marty, Robby and Kyle. They all were less than six feet tall and no one looked to weigh more than 160 pounds. Curt liked what he saw as their bodies were well toned, tanned and smooth. They all had average to slightly above average cocks in the six to seven inch range. They rolled off the rafts and exited the pool. Their bodies were covered with sunning oil so the water beaded up and ran off their hot bodies. They all had nice asses but Brandy's was special as it was near perfect.

They took the cushions off the lounges and placed them on the pool deck. Brandy knelt on one and took Curt's cock in his mouth. He could only get a little more than half in his mouth but Curt liked the way he sucked cock. The other five stood next to each other stroking someone else's cock as they watched their host. Brandy was torn between sucking Curt until he came and taking the big dick in his ass. It would be the largest cock he had had and he was a bit apprehensive. He finally decided to try it.

"I have got to try this in my ass. Somebody get the oil."

Brandy continued to suck Curt's cock as Marty got the oil and lubed Brandy's ass. He poured the oil in the crack and then used his fingers to grease and stretch the anus. Brandy turned around and placed his head down on the cushion with his lovely ass perched in the air. He looked so sexy and so desirable in that position. Curt moved in behind him and eased his cock into the snug passage. The mushroom head moved past the sphincter and he held still for a few seconds before resuming the penetration. Brandy placed a hand on Curt's thigh as to guide and control the pace and depth.

"Oh sweet Jesus, you really know someone is in you when this guy is."

The other five looked on as Curt slowly but steadily worked his cock into Brandy's magnificent ass. When he was about two thirds of the way in he began to fuck the pretty blonde slowly. As he did, more of his cock found its way into the tight channel. Curt was thrilled with the way the rubbery sphincter and snug rectum grasped his shaft.

"Oh, oh, oh, agh!" were the only sounds to come out of Brandy's mouth.

Once Curt was buried in the blonde ass he picked up the pace. He looked down at the curvy buttocks and caressed them as he pummeled the sweet bottom. He massaged and fondled the lily white cheeks as his cock moved steadily in and out.

"More oil," Brandy called out.

Marty moved closer and held the bottle over Brandy's ass and squirted the oil on the shaft when it pulled out. It was a very erotic scene to watch him squirt the oil on the impressive cock which then disappeared back into the scrumptious bottom. This got the other guys turned on and they got in on the action. Lee moved in front of Brandy and offered his cock to be sucked. Kyle slipped under Brandy and took the blonde's cock in his mouth. Sandy knelt down and sucked on Kyle's cock as Marty moved behind the other blonde and began to fuck him. Not to be left out Robby moved behind Lee and began to fuck him.

The seven virile young men were couple together and for Brandy it didn't get any better. He had a large cock in his ass, another one in his mouth and his cock was being sucked. Curt watched the scene around him as he continued to fuck the shapely tight ass of the pretty blonde. He noticed that Sandy had a nice ass too and that Marty was enjoying it. All of them kept at it until they began to cum.

Robby pulled out of Lee's ass and stroked his cock shooting streams of semen up onto his back and buttocks. He then put his cock back in Lee's ass. The scene was repeated with Marty and Sandy. Lee then took his cock from Brandy's mouth and shot his wad onto Brandy's face and chest. Brandy then took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry. Kyle was the next to cum and Sandy jerked him off as he spewed a huge load on his own body. Sandy was stroking his dick as Marty continued to fuck him and then he came all over Kyle.

Brandy announced that he was cumming and although Curt couldn't see it he felt the sphincter tighten around his cock. Curt had held on long enough and he was ready to explode. Picking up on the theme of cumming on bodies instead of in them he pulled out and stroked his cock until he ejaculated. The others watched in amazement as seven powerful streams shot out of his cock. The first blast cleared Brandy's body and splashed on Lee drawing oohs and aahs from the others. The second shot hit the back of Brandy's head and neck, the third landed on his back and the rest on his buttocks.

Curt pushed his cock back into the sweet hot ass and let his cock be milked dry. He loved Brandy's ass and he continued to fondle and massage the glorious hillocks. He stayed hard as he fucked Brandy slowly until he eventually pulled out at the blonde's request. Brandy flopped face down on the cushions and the others stared at Curt's ominous cock as it hovered over the shapely bottom.

Being assertive and taking control Curt called out to Sandy, "Get over here and get ready for a good as fucking."

"Oh God, where's the oil," Sandy asked nervously.

Marty picked it up and said, "Here Sandy."

"Oh Marty, get me ready for that ass buster."

Marty moved behind the lovely blonde to lube and finger his curvy bottom. He was able to work two then three fingers in the anus to stretch it in preparation for the sizeable cock. The apprehensible Sandy looked over his shoulder as Curt approached him from behind. As he did with Brandy, Curt took his time and allowed Sandy to adjust to the length and thickness. Once Curt was moving freely the others got involved again.

This time Brandy had Sandy suck his cock as Marty sucked on Sandy's cock. Lee, Robby and Kyle moved to the other cushions where Lee and Robby got into a 69 position on their sides. Kyle moved behind Lee and fucked him. It took them all longer to cum this time since it was their third ejaculations except for Curt. This time Sandy told Curt to cum in him not on him. However he was not prepared for the voluminous ejaculation.

Curt was the last to cum again and when he did he held Sandy firmly by his hips as he filled the rectum with the warm seed. Sandy felt the massive discharge and cried out each time a jet shot into him. Curt left his cock in the blonde's ass until it had been milked dry and softened slightly. He eased his cock out and a river of semen rushed out of the anus and ran down Sandy's legs.

"Oh my God, that was like a water cannon being shot into me," Sandy gasped.

They were all drained at the moment but Curt knew he was good for two more ejaculations if the games continued. None of the other four were interested in taking Curt's cock in their bottoms but they were in awe of it. Brandy asked Curt to stay for lunch and he accepted. He was sure that after they ate and recuperated that more games would be played. He was right and although he didn't fuck any more asses that day he did cum two more times. The guys loved playing with his dick, sucking it and watching him shoot. It was 3:00 PM when Curt finally dressed and left but not before rescheduling the cleaning appointment with Brandy. He was sure that he and the blonde would have some more fun when he returned to clean the pool.

SHARING WITH RICK AND CINDY

Curt was excited about his new client and he just had to tell Rick and Cindy about the gay orgy. He called them and they were just hanging out by their pool that Saturday. They invited him over and he couldn't wait to get there and tell them the story. When he arrived the couple was sitting poolside naked as usual. Curt smiled, stripped off their clothes and joined them. Rick greeted Curt and poured him a Bloody Mary.

"I can't wait to hear all the details. A gay orgy that had to be something for you to handle," Cindy spoke up.

"It was a bit of a challenge at first but I got into it. The orgies you guys have had here really helped."

"So tell me about the cute gays you fucked. Did they have nice asses?" Rick inquired.

"They were both very pretty blondes with very nice asses. Brandy's ass was to die for."

Curt took a sip of his drink and then began the story. Cindy and Rick were glued to every word as Curt described the orgy in detail. Cindy was getting hot and she began rubbing her tits and pussy. Rick had an erection and he was stroking it slowly. By the time Curt finished the story they were ready for action. Cindy decided that since Curt was longer and thicker than her husband, he would fuck her pussy first while Rick fucked her in the ass. Rick used the lotion to grease up his cock. 

Cindy straddled Curt's body and took his cock in her tiny hand. She guided the cock into her pussy as she slowly lowered her body to his. She felt him stretch her and fill her cunt with his big dick. She groaned softly as he fully penetrated her. She leaned forward as he pulled her body to him crushing her tits against his chest. She lay there with Curt's cock deep inside her and Rick's finger starting to enter her ass. She felt the finger slowly push further and further up her ass little by little he eased it inside until it was completely in her. Cindy felt that wonderful full feeling yet again.

Cindy felt the finger slowly withdraw from her ass and she suddenly felt empty as it plopped out. The empty feeling did not last for long though as she felt some more lubricant being applied to her. She tensed as she felt the head of Rick's cock touch her buttocks and then she felt his fingers probing her tight asshole again just before the head of his stiff cock pushed against the entrance. Rick did not rush to enter her, he just kept a firm pressure pushing against her anus, waited for her to relax and take him inside. 

Cindy sighed and leaned against Curt's chest, enjoying the feeling of his massive cock that was still deep inside her wet cunt. She could feel herself start to relax and the natural reaction to resist anal entry dissipated. Very, very slowly she relaxed her anus and as she did, she felt the head of the second stiff cock start to enter her. At first there was slight resistance but her sphincter relaxed just enough to allow the cock head to push inside. In a very short time she started to enjoy the feeling of having this second cock inside her. She felt Rick run his hands over her back and then move down each side to her tits. Cindy lifted herself up a little from Curt to allow her husband to touch her. She swooned with sensations that were starting to flood her body. As she arched her back to allow Rick to reach her tits she felt his cock move a little further into her ass. 

Curt's cock was still deep in her cunt and not moving as the other one slowly but surely started to fill her asshole. She felt Curt's breath on her face and Rick's breath on her neck as they both filled her. Cindy felt an orgasm start to build and both men kept still as she started to move. She started moving her hips back and forth a tiny amount, pushing herself back onto the two cocks, and feeling them both inside her. As she continued these movements she pushed a little further back each time until her ass was completely full. 

The wonderful feelings between her legs were intense as she started to force herself down onto both cocks, hungrily trying to get them as deep as she could. The guys felt her urgency and started to match her thrusts. As she thrust back they started to thrust forward, stretching her as they filled both holes. Cindy started to moan loudly again as she felt a powerful orgasm start to take over her body. Rick started to roughly squeeze and pull her tits as his cock filled her ass. She felt both men start to tense as the first powerful wave of pleasure from this new orgasm swept through her ravaged body. She screamed loudly, almost out of control, wildly fucking both cocks. She felt Curt gripping her bum cheeks with some urgency and the hands holding her tits squeezed even harder as she felt two loads of hot spunk spurt inside her. This was enough to send her over the edge. She screamed with what felt like wave after wave of never ending pleasure rushing through her. Cindy's head was filled with the sounds of her own screams. All that she could feel was the intense pleasure sweeping through her body and radiating from between her legs.

She rolled over and lay on her back as the guys knelt on either side of her. Cindy took turns sucking the two cocks bringing them back to an erect state. This time she would let Curt fuck her in the ass with his longer, thicker cock. She moaned as she lowered her torso and felt her husband's cock thrust inside her. Rick held her shapely hips as she felt his rod go into her pussy like a knife through warm butter. The two of them began to fuck, up and down, in and out. Her sexually charged body spasmed each time she descended onto the wonderful weapon that was hammering her pussy. Finally she was getting what she craved, a good fucking and now she was ready to give in to any abuse of her body by these two naughty young men. She then felt Curt's wonderful finger re-enter her ass which heightened her thrills even more.

"Oh yes, yes, ah," Cindy gasped and Curt had to hold his finger firmly in Cindy's bottom as she bucked furiously up and down on Rick's penetrating cock in her cunt. 

Cindy felt Curt's finger gradually slide out of her ass although it didn't stop her from continuing to enjoy her husband's cock thrusting up into her as he held her hips and brought her down on him every other second. The solid hardness of Curt's wonderful rampant cock was prodding between her ass cheeks and she felt it touch her anus. Curt put his hands around her waist to steady himself as his cock at her rear pushed hard against her ass. It opened her anus beautifully and slowly moved into her receptive body. She felt so wicked and so erotic as if she were high on a sexual drug. She was in heaven, just pure heaven. Slowly and surely, Curt held Cindy's waist and pushed in and out, each time going in a little further until his penis was deep inside her bottom. His pubic hairs brushed against her shapely ass as it filled her. No sounds were audible from Cindy as she held her breath with the two big cocks implanted deeply within her. Rick and Curt moved steadfastly and surely up and down, in and out, back and forth. They held to her hips and waist to keep her in place and to allow their cocks grind away. She was pushing hard down onto her husband as he pounded up into her cunt and she tried to hold herself firmly so that she could get the full benefit of teenager fucking her ass. The young men were controlling their movements very well but she was out of control as she raced toward a shattering orgasm. The guys were determined to go on and on, enjoying the insatiable woman who was now at their mercy. 

"Harder, harder, please just fuck me harder," she was screaming now as two men just smiled and carried on their rhythmic fucking of her hot body. 

Their bisexual friend Ryan, who had entered the backyard looking for the Rick and Cindy, was thoroughly entranced by the whole episode going on in front of his eyes. He watched the attractive Cindy being fucked up her ass and at the same time up her gloriously ripe cunt by her husband and pool boy. She was totally out of control and Ryan decided to join in the action. He would take her mouth first and fuck Rick later. 

Ryan could hear her gasping and whimpering at the same time as the guys fucked her with all their energy. He could also see that Cindy was experiencing a magnificent orgasm which she obviously had no control over. She couldn't stop herself. It was stupendous as waves of ecstasy rolled over her causing her body to shake with tremors. Her fingernails dug into her husband's shoulders as she went through her magnificent orgasm, the feelings were unstoppable. Ryan was suddenly naked in front of her face.

"Come on, Cindy do me too."

"Oh cool, Ryan is here," Rick announced.

Cindy saw the rock hard cock being offered to her mouth. Rick held her arms at her side and Cindy had no option but to part her lips and allow Ryan to fill her mouth with his throbbing prick. He didn't wait for Cindy to start sucking his cock but instead he held her head and started to fuck her wet mouth as though it was her or Rick's ass. Cindy took the cock in and out of her mouth, enjoying the thrill of a third cock thrusting into one of her orifices. She heard voices although she was unsure what each one was saying.
