 Chapter 04: Back at the Office Recruiting Kasey 

This is a continuation of Back at the office: Day 2. For those who want to follow the story in sequence it goes: A weekend away from the office, Back at the office, Back at the office: Day 2, Recruiting Kasey, and Lana's Alex encounter. 

*

Jared is sitting alone in his office. He revels on the morning and the signing of his latest client. What a brilliant idea it had been to hire Lana. He has signed 3 new top dollar clients in as many months. 

It had been her idea to go for the more audacious clients and she promised that with their new "technique" they'd have no problem bringing them in to stay. 

How very right she was.

They have done very well in training their first assistant. Once she is ready to climb up the ladder so to speak. They will move on to the sweet red head in the mail room. 

Now, of course there will be those female clients that will surely be coming along soon. So their next task is Alex. He is their top accountant and is doing very well. His new position will be offered very soon. 

He gets excited just thinking about having an office full of ready and waiting sluts to cater to his, Lana's and their clients every need. A true full service firm. He laughs a bit to himself. 

Lana walks in. "How do you think Sandy is doing?" she asks.

"She was magnificent today, very promising." Jared smiles. It's true; she is becoming dear to him. He thinks Sandy will be doing some of the training herself soon. He was surprised at how easy it was to turn her into such a good slut. She was so innocent when she first started. 

"After today's performance, I think if she passes this test, she'll be ready." Lana smiles. 

"Good, I guess we will see at 5 o'clock." Jared says, "What about Alex?"

"Alex is tonight, so I'm done for the day. Can you handle Sandy alone?" Lana raises an eyebrow. "I mean I'll see her before I leave to see for myself, but you'll take it from there." 

"Lana, I think you underestimate me dear." Jared smiles. "If she's ready, I might put her straight to work." 

"Of course. You've got it covered. Enjoy." Lana gets up and kisses him good bye. 

Sandy is surprised when Lana calls her into her office at 4. But she is so very relieved. All day, all the sex, all the torture, she's more than ready to cum. 

"Sandy, did you abide by my rule dear?" Lana smiles at her. 

"Yes, mistress, fully." Sandy sighs, "I haven't touched myself in the slightest." 

The look on the girls face is enough for Lana to see she's not lying. But she presses on. 

"Pull up your skirt then. Let me see your sex."

"Yes ma'am." 

Lana sees her smooth, pretty little cunt. "Get up on top of my desk and face me, you did look rather enticing this morning." 

Sandy does as she is told. She stands above Lana and spreads her legs wide. 

Lana looks up into the sweet cunt above her and sees how wet the girl is. Her juices are dripping down her thighs. 

"My, my still so wet? Is there something you're not telling me?" Lana looks at her.

"Mistress, I haven't touched myself. I..." Sandy looks down at Lana.

"You what?" Lana insists, "Tell me why you're still so wet." 

"I, um, I walked in on Kasey. She was, well, she was fingering herself, and she looked so good. I..." Sandy stammers.

"You what girl? Did you help her?" Lana tries to hide her pleasure of hearing this. Kasey may very well already be a slut.

"Yes ma'am I licked her pussy clean. I, I sucked on her huge tits too." Sandy blushes, "but I didn't allow her to touch me, ma'am I promise." 

"Very well. You will be punished for not having our permission to suck on another's pussy, but it won't be as harsh since you did abide by the rule."

Lana smiles at her and runs her hands up Sandy's thighs. Sandy lets out a sigh, longing for the touch, she is sure will follow. 

But Lana avoids her pussy altogether. She kneads at her ass and inner thighs, but stops and tells her to get down. 

"Get back to work and don't you dare touch yourself. I'm leaving early today. You are to go and see Jared at 5."

Shit, Sandy thinks, another hour. But Jared will surely not deny her. 

Jared calls Kasey into his office. Lana stopped in before her departure and informed him of her little endeavor this afternoon. He decided it's time to bring her on; why waste time. 

Kasey is a young redhead. She has very large tits, and a cute face. Her skin is light with faint freckles. Jared imagines she probably has freckles on other parts of her body as well and he intends to find out exactly where. She is a freshman in college and was just hired a few weeks ago. He has little room left in his suite and so she has a tiny, secluded office towards the back, away from everyone. 

He can't blame her for getting bored back there all alone and wonders what the inspiration for her spontaneous masturbation was.

Kasey is so fucking nervous. She has been here, on her first real job, for only a couple weeks. Her boss has never called her in. Did someone see what happened earlier with Sandy? Shit, she thinks as she walks down to his large corner office. She hoped to pass Sandy and ask if she knew anything, but she was nowhere to be found. 

Kasey couldn't afford to lose this job, or she may not be able to afford college. How stupid, she thinks, she couldn't even stop being a horny slut for a few hours. But she was already worked up from the shower she had this morning with her dorm mate and seeing that pussy of Sandy's just put her over the edge. 

She takes a deep breath and decides she'll do whatever it takes to keep this job. She adjusts her large tits in the low cut top she wore today and knocks lightly on his door. 

"Come in," Jared says as he continues typing.

"Uh, hi sir, you wanted to see me?" Kasey asks nervously.

"Yes Kasey, please sit down, there is something we need to discuss." Jared looks up at her and folds his hands together. 

Kasey makes her way quickly to the seat in front of the large desk.

"Now, Kasey, you do understand what is expected of all of our employees here? Do you know we are a professional firm and you are to conduct yourself in a professional manner while you are employed here?" Jared asks sternly.

"Um, yes sir, of course I..." Kasey is scarlet red and doesn't know what to say. Who the hell could have told him?

"I was informed of your little mishap this afternoon and I need you to understand that we have certain rules here. That kind of behavior is to be kept private." Jared glares at her. "I'm afraid we cannot keep you in our mail room."

"Oh sir, please, I need this job. I'm terribly sorry. I will do anything to prove to you that I will be professional from now on, sir, please give me a chance." Kasey rambles, "I'll do anything sir, anything, please."

Jared watches as the young girl's breasts heave in her panic. He gets up and walks to the other side of his desk and leans back against it in front of her. 

"What exactly could you offer me, Kasey? You are merely a mail girl." Jared says, "I'm sorry but..."

"Sir," Kasey interrupts him. "Please I'm sure there is something I can do for you?" she kneels down on her knees in front of him, her face directly in front of his cock. 

"I'd do anything to keep this job, sir." Kasey licks her lips and reaches up to his thigh. "I hope you find me attractive, I could be at your disposal. Anytime you need me." she massages her way up his thigh to just next to his cock. 

"Well, Kasey, that's a very nice offer." Jared smirks. "I suppose I could use someone like you." 

"Yes, sir, I'd do anything you like, exactly how you like it." she starts unzipping his slacks. "I can show you..."

She digs her hand into his pants and finds his hardening cock. She pulls it out, never taking her eyes away from his. She licks her lips again and brings the head of his cock to her mouth. She slowly licks up the shaft her hand gripping the base. She starts playing with his balls with her free hand. She feels it growing in her grip. It doesn't take long for him to get fully erect and she takes it in inch by inch. 

Jared is amazed by how good of a cock sucker she is. He holds back a moan as the head of his cock hits the back of her throat. Her mouth grips his cock as she pumps her lips up and all the way down his shaft. Her lips meeting her hand at the base. 

"Pull your tits out of your top." he demands. "But don't stop what you're doing."

She drives his cock all the way down her throat removing her hand from the base. Her lips grip him as she simultaneously sucks and pulls out her tits. She starts to play with her nipples and pinch and twist them between her fingers as she continues to suck his cock like a professional should.

"Get up on the chair; I want to fuck your tits." Jared tells her. 

Kasey wraps her hands around his waist and without removing his cock from her throat she gets up and pulls him with her to the chair. She sits on the edge and again wraps her hand at the base; this time keeping only the head in her mouth. She rubs her hand up and down his shaft collecting her saliva from him. 

She then devours him again and at the same time rubs the saliva all over her tits. She squeezes her huge mounds together and releases his cock. He immediately takes it and shoves it through her slick tits. She opens her mouth and accepts the head each time it comes up her cleavage. 

He is fucking her tits and lips at the same time and it feels so good. She is pinching her nipples between her fingers as she squeezes them tightly together. He starts pounding her faster and the sight of this redheaded fuck slut is bringing him over the top. Her huge tits encase his cock and she helps them up and down his shaft. He cums all over her tits and she catches some in her mouth. He looks down at her face and tits covered in his cum. 

"You did that so well, you dirty whore. Now look at your cum covered tits." Jared says.

"It's ok, I can take care of that," Kasey says as she brings her tits to her face. She licks at her nipples and the tops of her large tits. Just as she is cleaning herself up Sandy walks in.

Jared looks up at her, "Come in and close the door Sandy." 

She does as she is told. She stands there with her mouth open in surprise. Kasey's still lapping at her tits covered in Jared's cum. Sandy is a bit jealous but tries to hide it. What is she doing here? Sandy doesn't know what to do or say.

"I was told about your little taste this afternoon Sandy. Kasey here was just paying for being such a whore in my office building. You shouldn't have helped her cum Sandy. You should have stopped her just short of cumming. Made her suffer for being such a slut." 

"Now you can punish her for me. Make my job easier." Jared sits down in his plush office chair and nods towards the black bag in the corner. 

"Sir, punish her?" Sandy asks. 

"Yes Sandy, you know by now what to do." Jared smiles.

Kasey is watching Sandy and wondering what the fuck he means. She can still taste his cum in her mouth and there are still spots of it on her tits that she can't reach. She waits.

Sandy is nervous but still so fucking horny she'll do exactly what she's told and plans to get Jared's thick cock deep in her pussy. She walks over to the bag and pulls out the paddle. 

"Take off your skirt whore." Sandy demands. 

Kasey smirks and stands up to remove her skirt. She's wearing white cotton panties and wishes they were lace or something sexier. She wonders if Jared will let her fuck Sandy now. 

Sandy watches the girl remove her skirt and instructs her to take her wet panties off to. 

"They're already clinging to your soaked pussy, you might as well." Sandy says, "Then get on all fours, and face your ass towards Jared."

Kasey is getting excited now and slides her panties down. She does this slowly so they get a good look at her pussy before she gets on the floor. 

Kasey has a thin strip of red hair leading to her glistening, pink pussy lips. She gets on her hands and knees and pushes her ass out to Jared. 

Sandy walks over and pulls her long red hair back, using it to steady the girl and keep her head up. She slaps her ass hard with the paddle. 

"Tell him how wet you were." Sandy insists. 

"Jared, I was dripping juices down my thighs." Kasey says.

Whack! 

A loud crack from the paddle, "You are to address him as sir and sir only whore!" Sandy spanks her again.

Kasey cries out. "Yes of course, I'm sorry sir."

"You'll catch on soon my pet." Jared says amused and aroused by watching his gorgeous pet turn into the mistress.

"Now tell us why you were being such a dirty whore to begin with." Sandy asks, "What made you horny enough to risk your job to bring yourself to orgasm?"

Kasey's ass cheeks are a bright scarlet and she blushes to match them. 

"I, um, I was thinking about you, Sandy. I was thinking about having your sweet pussy that I caught a glimpse of this morning." Kasey stammers, "I couldn't get it out of my mind."

"Ah, Sandy, have you been flashing my employees?" Jared asks amused.

"No sir, I was in the kitchen alone, or so I thought, when I bent over to get the water, Kasey walked in. I ..." Sandy explained.

"Enough, I understand." Jared says. "Kasey you are to address Sandy as mistress now. Since you wanted to spy on her to see her pussy you will now be required to service us both, if you care to keep your job." Jared declares.

"Yes sir." Kasey says. 

Sandy whacks her ass again with the paddle and is surprised at how horny spanking this whore is making her. 

"You little cunt, how dare you blame your display on me. You will admit that you are nothing but a slut and that's why you had to fuck yourself." Sandy snaps.

"Yes mistress, I'm a nasty slut. I needed to cum so bad. I needed to suck my tits." 

"Sir, would you like to see this whore fuck her own pussy for you?" Sandy asks?

"That sounds nice, Sandy, I'd enjoy that. Come here to me." Jared tells her.

"Take off your mistress's clothes for me fuck slut." Jared tells Kasey.

"Yes sir," Kasey gets up and walks to Sandy she starts to unbutton her blouse and Sandy grabs her hair and yanks it back. 

"Use your teeth whore." Sandy tells her.

Kasey moves her teeth to the girl's blouse. She removes the top and goes for the zipper of her skirt. It's at the back and Kasey's lips graze her ass as she slides it down.

She is not surprised to see the girl standing buck naked in front of her. She can smell her arousal and wants to taste her cunt.

"Sit spread eagle on the floor and suck on your tits until we tell you otherwise." Sandy says as she walks to Jared.

Jared has pulled his large chair around to where he will have a good view of the redheaded slut.

He runs his hands all over Sandy's sweet body. Her silky skin feels amazing and her firm tits fit perfectly in his hands. He sucks on her nipples for a second getting them nice and hard then he turns her around and tells her to sit on his cock. 

From this position they can both clearly see Kasey. Flicking and sucking on her tits as she stares at them. 

"Now I want you to watch him fuck me while you pleasure yourself, but don't cum until we do." Sandy instructs."Is that clear you whore?"

"Yes mistress." Kasey says.

Sandy lowers herself onto Jared's cock and he moans. 

"Damn your pussy is dripping wet." he says. "So tight."

Kasey is slowly rubbing her slit as she watches Jared's hands fondling Sandy's pert nipples. Her legs are spread so she can also see his slick cock sliding in and out of Sandy's pussy. Her fingers begin exploring her folds and she brings her hand to her tit and smears her juices around her nipple. 

Sandy is grinding her hips into Jared's lap, she feels full with his thick cock deep inside her pussy. He brings one hand around and massages her clit as she starts bouncing a bit faster on his prick.

Her tits are bouncing as she fucks him; watching Kasey fingering her hot hole and licking her big tits. 

Her pace quickens with Jared's moans and he presses on her clit as he pinches her nipple. She is bouncing and grinding on his lap forcing his cock to drive deep into her pussy. She grips it with her pussy muscles and moans loudly.

Kasey drives three fingers deep into her cunt and starts pumping along with the pace of Sandy's pussy pounding on Jared's dick.

She doesn't touch her clit yet so she won't cum before them. 

Kasey is moaning and dripping juices on the carpet. 

Jared grabs Sandy's hips and helps her guide her body up and down on his soaked cock. Sandy is screaming now 

"Fuck, yes, ohh, Jared." Sandy bites her lip. "Fuck your pussy harder you slut." she yells at Kasey.

Kasey starts pounding faster, now rubbing circles on her clit. "ooh fuck."

Jared's fingers return to Sandy's clit and he whispers in her ear that he's cumming.

Sandy moans loudly and her body shakes as she cums with Jared. 

Her pussy grips his cock and she moans her pleasure. 

She watches Kasey's face as she brings herself to orgasm in time with theirs. She is pumping and rubbing at her cunt and then she throws her head back and yells. 

Kasey looks at them, her hand still buried in her pussy, but still now. 

"Get up and bring your cum to us." Jared tells her.

She pulls her fingers out of her pussy and gets up. She walks over to them and then stuff's her other hand into her cunt then brings both hands up. One to each mouth in front of her. They lick her hands clean. 

"Sweetness from such a dirty whore." Jared says. 

Sandy gets up slowly from Jared's cock. 

"Clean him up now slut." Sandy smiles. She goes to sit in one of the chairs.

"Yes mistress." 

Kasey kneels down and licks eagerly along his cock and balls. Both drenched with a mixture of their cum. She laps up every drop and then sits back. 

"Her turn now," Jared says, "Suck my cum from her pussy and do it good."

Kasey goes to Sandy and she spreads her legs wide for her. She scoots her ass to the edge of the chair and spreads her lips with her fingers. 

Kasey devours Sandy's sweet pussy lapping at her folds, and then drives her tongue into her fuck hole. She slurps and sucks, getting a mouth full of cum; her nose grinding against her clit as she does. She digs a finger in and curls it before bringing a bit of juice to her lips. She licks the girl from clit to asshole a few times and then gets up.

Sandy is panting by the time Kasey is done. She was getting worked up again and if the girl had kept going she may have given her a fresh gush of cum. 

Jared dresses himself and tells the ladies to do the same.

"Sandy you are to join me for our lunch meeting tomorrow. Kasey, you are to sit at Sandy's desk while we are gone. We will be gone for a while." Jared instructs.

Kasey is surprised but so glad to get the opportunity to leave the mail room. 

Sandy smiles, "You are to come in a short business dress tomorrow. Be sure your tits are clearly visible and easily accessible. No panties." 

"Yes ma'am." Kasey says, getting excited.

"Sandy, you are to come dressed to impress a high end client tomorrow." It will be on you this time.