 Summer came around again, and the annual pool party was on, and I guess I must have made a banging good impression at the last one, because I was among the first to be invited to this one.

I was guessing swimwear would be "optional" if it was anything like the party the previous summer was, so I had just thrown on a long cover-up, naked underneath and put my bathing suit in a carryall bag before I caught a ride to the party.

I wasn't there long before I recognized the lifeguard from last year's bash, who did a lot more than just his job. He had spied me and came right over.

No hello or small talk, just "Come here, baby," as he pulled me into an empty bedroom. 

The lifeguard then pulled off my cover up, fondling my 48DD tits before he dropped his trunks, his cock already hard. 

"You know why they invited you back, don't you, baby? You certainly know what to do with a cock or two, and even about fifty, I know that."

He then came closer and pushed me to my knees.

"Suck me, you slut," he growled. "Take this cock all down. You know you want this."

I wrapped my lips around and then all but swallowed his swollen dick. He started stroking my hair while bucking his hips, fucking my face and thrusting his cock further into my mouth.

"Suck my cock, slut...suck me off now. Come on, you cock whore, make me cum!"

He had gotten so excited as I continued to deep throat his wonderful cock that he was ready to cum within minutes of me first downing his throbbing member.

"Fuck! I'm gonna cum in your hot mouth, you whore!"

Then streams of hot, creamy white cum was shooting into my mouth, while I began to swallow it.

"That's it, you hot bitch," he panted while still shooting off into my mouth. "Drink all that cum like a good slut should!"

Just as I`d finished draining the lifeguard's cock and he`d pulled out of my mouth, I saw him beckon to someone outside.

"Hey come in here and get this hot piece of ass. She'll suck and fuck anyone, anytime and in any way!"

Two men that looked to be about twenty one came into the room and dropped their trunks as the lifeguard sat in the corner.

"You really think she'll fuck two men?" one asked the lifeguard.

"Shit, she already fucked and sucked her way through about fifty dudes at last year's party! What's two more dicks to a whore like this?"

He then looked over at me. "Stay on your knees, bitch. I wanna see you take on both my buddies here. Show them what a cock whore you really are!"

It didn't take long after I had presented my cunt to be taken from behind for me to have a cock in my mouth and another one slamming in and out of my hot pussy, two hard young studs fucking both ends of me as their lifeguard friend watched the threesome in front of him, stroking his own cock.

"That's it, baby," he said not taking his eyes off the three of us on the floor and not missing a stroke on his dick. "Fuck and suck them real good. Yeah, you are a slut, aren't you? Give it all to them!"

I was going to cum at any minute as I felt my approaching orgasm working its way up from the guy fucking my cunt from behind.

My body shook in orgasm just as another load of cum shot off in my mouth and I drank it down greedily. Not long after, his friend exploded deep in my cunt.

Once both men had finished and pulled out, the lifeguard came over and shot off onto my tits, the creamy cum saturating both of them as his friends looked on.

"Mmmmmmmmm," he grinned when his cock was milked dry and he looked at me. "Nothing hotter than a cum-covered slut. See you outside. We know we'll be seeing you get more dick there."

When they left, I found some Kleenex and wiped off the jism on my tits and was about to grab my cover up and head out when another guy came in and pushed me back onto the floor.

"Let's fuck," he said, spreading my legs and shoving his large pole in me.

"Every guy here knows about what a slut you were at the party last year, so one more dick in that used cunt won't hurt," he panted above me as we started to fuck.

"Fuck me...fuck me with your big hard cock...that's it...fuck me like the slut they said I was!" I called. "Come on you stud, fuck my cunt harder! Now!"

He sped up the pace as he buried his tool deeper inside me. "You want all this, baby? You like getting fucked with my cock? Damn, you are a whore! And if I like anything, it's a woman that likes to fuck!"

"Oh God, fuck me!" I cried again. "Give all that big dick to me!"

I'd begun to cum yet again just as I had when the last guy had fucked me from behind while I orally serviced his buddy's dick.

"Ooooooohhhhh....yessssssss...fucccccccccck meeeeee!!!!" I cried louder. "I'm cumming!"

He thrust even harder yet before he let out an animalistic grunt, fucking me as hard as he could for about another five minutes and giving me another crashing orgasm before his own cock was about to explode in me.

"I'm fucking cumming, baby!" he called as he was about to deposit his own jism inside me to mix with the cum from the last guy that had fucked me. 

"Take it all, you whore!"

When I felt the hot cum shoot into my cunt, I came hard and he didn't miss a fuck stroke as his seed sprayed inside me as we climaxed together.

When he finally pulled out, we were barely able to catch our breath before he thanked me for being such a "hot piece of ass."

"I heard you were really good and liked a lot of dick, but damn, baby, that was the best fuck I ever had!" he grinned before putting his trunks back on and leaving the room.

I then looked outside the door to see if any other men wanted a turn at my mouth and pussy, then at the clock as I threw my cover-up on to go to the pool.

Holy shit! Not even here an hour yet and I'd already been with four men! 

But the day just got better.

Once I had made my way out to the pool, two more guys I had never seen before came over and waved their hard cocks in my face, followed by the lifeguard.

"Got two more horny studs for you to fuck. And this time, I think I'll join them," he leered at me.

Throwing off again the cover-up I had on, I grabbed the lifeguard's hard prick and began to jerk him off while I began to deep throat the first guy in front of me and the second one began to eat out my cunt and ass.

By this time, several other men and a couple of women gathered around and began to watch the impending fuck fest of me taking on three men at the same time.

"I heard she did thirty guys last year," I heard one woman mutter.

"Funny...I heard fifty," her companion replied.

The lifeguard then moved away from my hand and lay down on an empty chaise by the one I had kneeled on to have the first guy eat me out while I sucked his friend and had been jacking off the lifeguard's own massive fuck tool.

He then motioned the two guys off of me and beckoned me over to him.

"Ride me, slut," he said as he grabbed me and plopped me on his swollen pole. "Show these people how you really like to fuck!"

I was grinding hard against his cock, taking in more and more each time I bounced on him. I then sucked on the other cock that had been wagging my face and began to feel something press against my ass as the third cock slowly entered my anal cavity.

I knew I was about to cum hard. I tilted my ass back as the guy in my asshole shoved his stiff member into my ass, all the way to base of his cock, bucking his hips and fucking my ass harder as I rode the lifeguard's own hot prick and sucked in deeper the cock I had in my mouth.

"Oh, God! She really is a real fuck machine!" one of the men watching the show the three of us were putting on cried.

The cock I was sucking began to shoot off in my mouth as my orgasm from the two cocks fucking both my holes got even closer.

"I'm cumming in this bitch's mouth!" he called out to the group around us. "And she's fucking swallowing it!"

He pulled out once he had finished cumming, joining the others watching me take on the remaining two men.

"Oh, God! I'm cummmmmmmmmming!" I cried, grinding down harder on the lifeguard's cock as the guy in my ass fucked it even faster.

I then came hard, soaking the lifeguard's cock with my cunt juice as the cock stuffed in my ass slammed again and again. My orgasms went totally out of control. 

"Yes!" I called. "Come on, you studs, give me a good hard fuck! Fuck me like a whore!"

I was bucked and thrashed against the swollen cocks deep in both my holes when the lifeguard finally started spraying stream after stream of boiling cum into my cunt. 

"I'm cumming, you slut!" he called. "Take it, bitch!"

"Oh fuck yes! Fill my pussy with your hot cum!"

My body vibrated on the cock of the lifeguard as I came yet again and he began to cum deep into my soaked cunt. 

I then felt the shaft of the guy who had been fucking my ass swell more as he pumped in and out of me, and knew at any minute I was also going to have a load of creamy cum spill into my bowels.

"Shit! I'm going to cum too!" he called out. "This chick really loves to get her ass fucked! And it's so fucking hot and tight!"

Both men were cumming hard now; I was having yet another hard orgasm just from feeling shot after shot of seed in both my cunt and ass at the same time.

When we finished, the guy in my ass slowly pulled out and I was able to climb off the lifeguard.

I then lay on another chaise for a moment to catch my breath when one of the women dove between my legs and began to suction the cum I had inside me from the all the men I had fucked since I arrived at the party.

The second girl sat on my face, and I was now into a threesome. The difference now was the crowd was going to be treated to some hot lesbian action.

I licked and sucked the clit of the woman on my face as I clamped my thighs around the one eating out my cunt. The woman above me cried out when I slipped my tongue into her pussy as far as it would go, giving her the tongue fucking of a lifetime.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....." she cried. "Keep it there, baby....oh God, fuck my cunt with that hot tongue....yesssssssss....fuck me!"

The girl between my legs was eating me harder now; as I got closer to climaxing, I ate the pussy of the one above me even harder, reaching up to rub her clit at the same time.

She screamed out her orgasm loud enough for the both of us as we came together, her own juices covering most of my face as my own cum spurted onto the champion pussy eater between my thighs.

Once we had cum, we switched positions, with me burying my face in the snatch of the girl who had just eaten me out, and the one that had been on my face starting to eat my own cunt from behind.

As I was working on finger fucking and eating out the cunt of the hot babe in front of me, the girl who had sat on my face earlier was working my clit with her tongue. These gals not only liked their cunts eaten, both of them ate some damn good pussy themselves!

It hadn't taken long for me to explode onto the girl's face that was licking and sucking my saturated slit from behind. The girl in front of me also began to cum, soaking my face with her own excitement.

When us three women finally finished with each other, I couldn't help but lay back and wonder why I hadn't had sex with two women at once before now. They had really gotten me off!

But not enough that my pussy, ass and mouth weren't up to servicing a few more hard cocks. 

A guy named Paul had then come up while I was still on my stomach from eating one of those hot women, slipping his own cock into my willing cunt.

He was soon joined by another stud, who grabbed my head and shoved his cock into my mouth.

"Suck it, bitch," he ordered.

As I began orally pleasing the cock in my mouth, Paul was fucking me in time with my cocksucking, working on my own dripping cunt as he watched the dick I sucked slide in and out of my mouth. 

I felt myself cumming hard yet again as I felt his cock work its magic in me as I got closer to getting off the guy I had been performing one of my best blow jobs on at the same time.

After fucking me long and hard, he then popped his load inside my cunt as the guy in my mouth was also closer to his own cum. 

Both men then pulled out at the same time; Paul once he had cum inside me, and the other to spray his own cum onto my body.

I then recognized Johnny from the party last year, not much by his face as by the talented, nine inch dick he had. And I was more than willing to fuck him now.

Johnny had then slid up behind me, slipping his own cock into my now well-fucked cunt, fucking me just as good as he had done last year.

As Johnny continued to give my cunt an ultimate fucking, the rest of the crowd looked on, amazed how I could take on cock after cock after cock without stopping.

They don't call me the Poolside Gang Bang Slut for nothing, after all!

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, God, Johnny! FUCK ME!" I called as his fuck pole continued to slam in and out of me. He was probably a few big cock guys that I'd been with that really did know how to use it.

As he assaulted my cunt, more people had gathered around to watch us fuck.

"Some other of you guys really should have some of this pussy," he panted as he fucked me harder. "This is the hottest bitch I ever fucked!"

"Come on, Johnny," I added. "Show them how you can please me with that nice big cock of yours. Come on, baby, fuck me harder! FUCK ME! Fuck!"

Johnny did indeed fuck me even harder, his massive cock slamming in and out of me. We continued that way for awhile until I felt Johnny's climax build up along with my own.

"I'm going to cum....I'm going to cum!" he announced to those around us. "I'm going to cum in this bitch's hot little cunt!"

Johnny then blasted a huge load of his semen deep into my pussy before he pulled out and joined the others to see what man or men I'd do next--and how many at a time.

I then gave the crowd a real performance when I'd taken on five men at once. 

I was jerking off two cocks with both hands, another hard-on was in my mouth while I rode the fourth cock and the fifth was in my ass.

And of course, I took every drop of cum on my body and in my mouth, snatch and ass when they all reached their climaxes, before three more men wagged their cocks at me, wanting their turn at the well-known pool slut.

"Think you can do three more men at once, baby?" one of them panted, stroking his raging hard-on.

I responded by motioning him to lie down on the chaise and climbing onto his cock, before taking one of his friends into my mouth and the second friend had slid his cock into my now equally well-fucked ass.

The guy in my mouth must have either never had his cock sucked before or was so hot from getting it sucked, he blew off his own load of spunk about five minutes into me sucking his cock. 

It didn't matter; I had two more cocks to enjoy once I'd swallowed his jism and he stood back to watch me with his friends.

And these two guys were really hot fucks. I sensed I was about to cum at any second.

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! FUCK ME!" I screamed. "GIVE ME BOTH THOSE COCKS! FUCK ME! I'M CUMMMMMMMMING!"

I was bouncing off the the swollen pole in my cunt while the guy in my ass started shooting his own streams of hot cum into my chute. 

My body shook as the cock I was riding wildly started to swell more inside me as he too approached orgasm.

I cried out as both men emptied their cocks into my willing ass and cunt at once.

Once the three of us had finished, they got up and were quickly replaced by three more guys that had come over to me, and I had taken them on in the same matter as the the other multiple men I'd fucked and sucked that entire day.

I thought I was done once we had all cum together from several minutes of solid fucking and sucking when yet three more horny men shoved their cocks at me. 

I then took on all these three new cocks with my mouth, ass and pussy at the same time for what seemed to be the 999th time that day!

It went on like that the rest of the afternoon; from one guy at a time up to six guys at once, it seemed I had had the cock of about every man that had attended the party, in addition of the two girls I'd had the lesbian threesome with.

I had lost track of time with all the sex I had that day; by the time the sun had set, the last two guys I had taken on had shot their cum all over my body after yet another hot threesome.

I was both finally spent and satisfied sexually. 

I didn't know the exact count of how many men I had that day--maybe forty or fifty?-- but I know I can't wait until next year for the annual poolside gang bang--oops, I meant poolside party!