 My pussy was soaked when I woke up on a Saturday morning this past summer. I was just an instinct away to go out and look for some strange cock to fuck me, just the way the two men that had picked me up at a club the night before, fucking my brains out as they both filled my ass, mouth and cunt for three hours before they left. I would have gone online or one of the adult phone chat lines looking for some local horny men with ready, stiff pricks to come over my place, get sucked off and fucked at that moment if I hadn't been invited to a weekend pool party beginning that afternoon. Horny as hell and no available cocks around to satisfy it, I spread my legs and finger fucked myself until I came long and hard.

After cumming, I had showered and threw on some clothes over my nakedness (I don't wear bras and panties), then I somehow made it through Saturday morning doing the usual shit people do on Saturdays. When I checked my machine upon returning home from an errand, the message mentioned a party would be at the house of some woman in an upper-class area, Peggy something or other and it would start at twelve. 

I then stripped off my clothes, had another finger-fucking session to orgasm before putting on my one piece bathing suit under my clothes.

When I caught a bus to get there around one and dropped my clothes leaving on only my swimsuit. When I arrived, I only saw two other women, but at least 30-50 guys.

Not one used to drinking, I had a few glasses of wine and I ended up pretty tipsy. Two guys named Marty and Johnny were already hitting on me and another guy called Steve started kissing me and pulling off my swimsuit. Totally naked now, I was too tipsy to do anything except to kiss him back and inadvertently rub the rising bulge in his swim trunks.

Pretty soon he had his hands all over my huge 48DD tits. Without thinking, I pulled down the swim trunks he had on until his member was exposed, then I started jerking his throbbing, seven-inch cock before engorging it into my waiting mouth. Well, wouldn't you know I just love to suck cock? 

I wrapped my lips around his bulging head and swirled my tongue across it before again taking in his swollen dick. He put his hand on the back of my neck and fucked his cock up into my mouth as I sucked on his rigid member.

All this had the desired effect, as I felt Steve's orgasm work its way up. I slid my fingers under his huge balls, rubbing them as I sucked. Hot creamy seed began to fill my mouth as Steve groaned out in ecstasy. I swallowed it down my throat as quickly as he pumped in my mouth. I continued sucking him until he was completely drained. I sat up and wiped the excess cum from my lips and chin.

Johnny, who had been watching my oral performance on his buddy`s dick, also stripped off his own trunks and pulled out his own throbbing cock, which was big--at least nine inches hard.

"Suck me, baby. Suck me off now. Give me what you just gave Stevie."

My mouth quickly engulfed as much of his stiff sex pole as I could; he'd gotten so excited from his cock being serviced by my hot mouth that within five minutes, his hot, thick cum was shooting into my mouth, with me taking down every drop of it.

Marty pulled down his trunks and stuck his own cock in my face just as I`d finished draining Johnny`s prick and he`d pulled out. Sucking Marty, I was also swallowing a mouthful of his milky cum within minutes.

Damn!

I had just sucked three different strange men's cocks within half an hour...and I was ready for more!

It didn't take long for word to spread about Steve, Marty and Johnny being sucked off by me, as well as my just plain love for cocksucking, getting fucked up the ass and having hard dicks inside my cunt. 

Still naked, I had another glass of wine when some guy I didn't even know started hitting on me. The next thing I knew we were in the hallway kissing and rubbing all over each other. He had one hand between my legs and the other all over my tits. Without thinking, I began stroking his crotch. He then pulled off his trunks and sat down, leaning against the wall and spreading his legs. His cock, like Johnny's, was huge, rising up between his legs in no time flat.

"Everyone here knows what a cock-loving whore you are, baby, so I don't haveto tell you what to do with this one."

I dropped down to the floor and wrapped my hand around his massive tool. I leaned forward and flicked my tongue over his swollen head then wrapped my lips around his girth and slid down his throbbing shaft. His cock was less than halfway inside my mouth when he started to push it more into my mouth, practically face fucking me. I slid my tongue under his shaft and sucked even harder..

I was sucking and slurping away on his massive shaft when someone else came into the hall while I continued sucking Mr. Big Cock. I heard another pair of trunks slide off, and then a hard cock pressing against my wet pussy. My swollen, shaved mound welcomed his throbbing fuck pole as he pushed it into me and began fucking me wildly.

I had done two guys at the same time before, whether it be men I knew as fuck buddies or strangers who paid me as an entertainer and escort to suck and fuck them. Now I had a big cock in my mouth and another one stuffed in my sex-starved pussy. I was in heaven as the two hard shafts of flesh fucked both ends of me. I was going to cum at any minute as I felt my approaching orgasm working its way to the edge.

I was real close when I felt a hard stream of hot jizz spray into my cunt. My body tensed, then jerked violently in a series of orgasmic spasms. Somehow I held the cock in my mouth as muffled moans and gasps escaped as I came.

The cock in my pussy pulled out and gallons of cum began running down my legs. I felt a void in my pussy then, so I decided to fill it with the huge cock I'd been sucking. I got up and mounted this still-horny stud, sitting back as I guided the bulging head into my cum filled vault. I felt his large girth stretching me open as it pushed deep into my hot snatch.

He squeezed my tits while I started bouncing up and down over and over on the cock stuffed in my cunt as another guy that had come in and was watching Mr. Big Cock and I getting it on reached from behind between my legs and rubbed my swollen clit as I rode the dick under me until I came all over both his fingers and the cock and balls of the stud under me.

Once he left, I continued my wild ride on Mr. Big Cock's massive pole, with him bucking his hips and fucking even harder.

"Fuck me, baby...fuck me with your big hard cock...fuck me harder... that's it...fuck me like a whore..!" I gasped. God, did his dick feel good inside me!

Naturally, I'd begun to cum again as this huge dick also went over the edge and deposited his own jism inside me to mix with the cum the last stud that had fucked me from behind earlier when I had been sucking Mr. Big Cock. 

Once he'd finished cumming inside me, the big cock stud then got himself together, muttered "Thanks," and got up off the floor.

Later at by the pool, with practically everyone nude except the lifeguard hired for the weekend, two more guys, one being the lifeguard and another I had never seen before came over and waved their hard cocks in my face as I glanced briefly around and saw two more men stuffing their cocks into another woman on the other side of the pool.

The lifeguard had stripped by now and I grabbed his hard prick and stroked it while I wrapped my lips around the other guy`s. I was completely out of control and loving every second of being used like a slut by two horny, younger studs at the same time. I felt like I couldn't get enough cock (Wait! I never get enough cock...LOL!)!!

The lifeguard then lay down on a chaise, then he grabbed me and plopped me on his swollen pole. I was grinding hard against the delightful,horny man meat of his as I sucked on the other cock that had been wagging my face. I could feel a churning inside me and knew I was about to cum hard. I tilted my ass back as he shoved me down all the way base of his cock until all of it was deep inside me, bucking his hips and fucking me harder. I lost it right then as the cock I had been sucking on dropped out of my mouth

"Oh, God! I'm going to CUMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!"

I came hard, drenching his cock and balls with cunt juice. My pussy twitched against his buried hardness as juices poured down his balls and dripped toward his asshole. Gasps and moans escaped from my throat as I tried to hold the other cock I had stuffed back in my mouth. The cock in my pussy slammed again and again. as my orgasm went totally out of control. 

I then switched the cocks in my mouth and cunt and attacked them both with renewed vigor, sucking off one while I bounced up and down on the other cock in my pussy and a second wave of orgasmic spasms consumed me.

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! FUCK ME!" I screamed before taking the second cock back into my mouth. "GIVE ME ALL THAT COCK!"

I was bucking and thrashing against the swollen cock deep inside me when it started spraying stream after stream of boiling cum into my cunt. My mouth vibrated around the swollen head of the lifeguard's cock in it from my muffled moans. I felt the shaft swell and presumed I was about to get a mouthful of his hot seed.

Of course, that wasn't the case this time.

Apparently all this hot sex the three of us were having had its impact on the cock I was orally servicing. The lifeguard pulled his cock from out of my mouth, then jerked off a huge load of sperm onto my tits. Warm splashes of creamy semen streaked across my massive melons as he groaned and drained his cock.

I finished cleaning his cock with my tongue once the last drop of cum hit my tits. The swollen fuck tool in my pussy was still hard even after shooting a very huge load of cum deep inside me. I could feel it seeping out the sides of my pussy along with copious quantities of my own juices. I climbed off him, turned around and cleaned his cock and balls with my lips and tongue.

Even after all that fucking, my pussy was far from being satisfied. I was ready for yet more cock!

His member still swollen, the lifeguard rolled me onto my back, stuffing his big cock back into my well-fucked pussy. He fucked me hard, thrusting in then all the way out until he was barely inside the lips of my cunt, then slamming down hard and drilling me with his huge dick.

After several minutes, he pulled out and I climbed onto his cock, riding him once again. I was really into servicing my fifth (or was it sixth? I'd had so many hard dicks so far I'd lost count!) cock of the day when I felt fingers toying with my asshole, which got me even hotter. I had loved anal sex since the first time I tried it, and the thought of a cock being stuffed into my ass really had me far gone sexually.

I turned my head to all but practically beg the guy playing with my ass to fill it with his cock as my cunt continued to work on draining the lifeguard's generous prick.

The pressure of that cock going into my ass was almost too much to bear; it was all I could do to restrain myself from cumming as he entered my asshole. Somehow, his dick made it all the way up my butt, but when he started moving, I felt even hotter as I now had two cocks stuffed in both my hot snatch and my willing ass. As the three of us fucked in rhythm, I happened to look over and see Johnny and Steve, two of the first three cocks I had sucked off when I came to the party, doing the same of filling the ass and pussy of a third woman not far from where I was taking on these two fuck-hungry guys.

I thought about how incredibly hot and sexy it was to have two cocks ramming into me at the same time, feeling the familiar churnings of need deep inside both holes. The hands of the guy banging my ass found my tits and rubbed them as his dick slid in and out of my poop chute, adding to the wild sensuous feelings consuming me. Two cocks were now moving in and out of me in rhythm and I was loving every minute of it, cumming over and over.

But I didn't even feel it coming this time. I was enjoying the cock pounding I was getting in both holes when suddenly my body was gripped with an intense orgasm. It increased in intensity the more as each cock buried itself deeper and harder inside me.

When I felt the hot cum filling my ass, I really came hard. When he pulled out I finally was able to catch my breath, but barely because the cock in my pussy felt so good.

I could feel my asshole leaking cum down onto the big cock stuffed in my pussy. My body was still tingling from all the sexual activity. Now my ass felt empty and I wished another cock was in it.

Not long after, someone new had come in and quickly shoved his manhood into my dripping asshole. He wasn't as big as the last guy, so he slid easily inside my stretched, very used asshole. Still, he certainly knew how to use that cock in my ass!

I had another hard orgasm then felt my ass being filled with yet another load of hot seed. He pulled out and was quickly replaced by Marty's bigger cock, one of the first three guys I had sucked off earlier. Once again I had another powerful orgasm before I felt him pour his creamy seed into my bowels.

Yet another cock I would have that day then penetrated my ass. This time all three of us had simultaneous orgasms. I could feel hot spunk blasting into both of my holes giving me a really intense cum. When I finally stood I could feel all the cum that had been shot inside both my pussy and ass all day streaming down my legs as it leaked from both holes.

I thought I was done when three more guys shoved their cocks at me. I then took on all three new cocks with my mouth, ass and pussy at the same time. These guys were all loaded and it didn't take long for each of them to cum in succession all over my tits and belly.

Once we'd finished, three more guys had come over to me, and I had taken them on in the same matter as the previous three I'd gotten off. By the time I had finished with them, I'd lost count by then, but I've had to have done at least 15-20 guys already before I'd lay on the chaise, my body glistening with cum. 

Once again, I wasn't totally done; the lifeguard wanted to fuck me yet again. Getting up, I let him lay under me while I grounded down on his big cock and we fucked in unison. Then the girl that Johnny and Steve had fucked earlier came over and straddled his face, and amazingly, the lifeguard ate out the cum that had been dripping from her own openings as she and I kissed and rubbed each other's tits and her fingers working on my clit as I continued to ride his cock and she grounded down on his face.

He then bucked his hips and began fucking me harder, until he blasted yet more buckets of hot seed deep inside me as the girl on his face let go an intense, hard orgasm, soaking his face with her own cunt juices.

I'd just gotten off his cock and, yet hard again, he'd gone to fuck the woman in our threesome on another chaise lounge and another dick waved in her face as he pounded her from behind wildly.

Meanwhile, the second chick that I'd seen earlier doing two men on the other side of the pool had come over to my chaise and wordlessly dove her head between my legs, working on finger fucking me and both eating out the cum I had left inside me and working my clit with her tongue. This gal could really eat pussy!

Johnny had then slid up behind her as she ate me out, slipping his own cock into her well-used and willing cunt, fucking her in time with her orally working on my own dripping cunt as he watched her. I felt myself cumming hard yet again as I watched his cock work its magic in her as her talented tongue worked its way in and out of my snatch. After fucking her long and hard, he then pulled out and moved the woman from between my legs before shoving his entire giant cock inside me, fucking me hard.

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, God, Johnny! FUCK ME!" I called as his fuck pole slammed in and out of me.

As he assaulted my cunt, the other gal that had been eating me then slipped behind Johnny and began working on his ass with her mouth and tongue, concentrating on his asshole as he and I continued to fuck.

Then the lifeguard was back, and the crazy thing was, he didn't take on the woman that had been working on Johnny's ass; he'd pulled her aside, plunging his own big, hard cock into Johnny's asshole!

Well, Johnny must have been bisexual, had a cock a time or two before, or so far gone sexually that he didn't care, because he certainly didn't object to the dick in his ass. As a matter of fact, he seemed to enjoy it and I got even hotter seeing him getting fucked by another guy.

The woman in the foursome now came up and once again began rubbing and sucking my tits as Johnny continued to fuck me while the lifeguard's dick slammed in and out of his ass. We continued that way for awhile until I felt Johnny's orgasm build up. The lifeguard then blasted a huge load of cum deep into Johnny's bowels before he pulled out and went on to the next fuck; the girl remained with us, now eating the lifeguard's cum out of Johnny's ass.

Pulling out his cock suddenly after he'd started to cum inside me, he ordered us women to lay back on the towels on the grass before spraying load after load of the rest of his cum onto both of us. My tits and stomach, still damp with remains of cum from the last fucks I'd had, were now saturated with this new blast of Johnny's seed.

And then, after working my way sexually through the rest of the guys at the party I hadn't sucked and fucked yet, I was finally finished and VERY sexually satisfied...at least for the moment.

I have to admit spending an entire afternoon, much less an entire weekend, having taken on and being fucked by 30-50 different strange men wasn't what I expected (though I often fantasized about an outdoor gangbang now and again), nor did I expect to be eaten out and fucked by the two women there (this was to be the first lesbian sexual encounter I'd had), but I certainly wasn't complaining when it happened. We didn't get much swimming done, but I didn't care; if I had my way, I would go to one of these parties every weekend!

Now to find a place that is warm all year round and have my own pool party...or should I say poolside fuck party? Only this time I will be the ONLY woman present!