 Author's note: This story is a continuation of "Poolside Ch. 01, which originally appeared on Literotica on 08/21/03 as "Poolside: Sex With a New Mother." I recently edited it in order to correct several typos and other careless errors, and I changed its title to make it more appropriate as the first chapter of a series. So enjoy the continuing of Don's fifth season of lifeguarding! 

*

I was 22 years old and had just finished my first year of graduate school. I was working as a lifeguard at the country club pool where I had worked every year during my undergraduate summers. This job provided me with plenty of opportunities to stay in shape, and my body was solid from weight-lifting, long-distance running, and frequent vigorous swimming. I also had the deepest, darkest tan at the pool. The pool bunnies spent a lot of time looking at me. They also enjoyed teasing me until I got erections in my trunks.

The club's main building had burned down during the winter, and construction people were clearing the site to build another. There was a temporary building used as a pro shop for golf, and there were several smelly portable toilets.

And of course there was the pool. It sat atop a hill, with the metal-roofed, temporary pro shop about a hundred yards away, lower and to the north. To the west was the burned-out mess of the clubhouse, about 100 feet away. The absence of a real clubhouse kept attendance at the pool down. It also meant that once the pool closed, it "belonged" to the lifeguards.

I had recently begun a torrid reunion with my old high-school English teacher Connie, now married with a baby, and with whom I was maintaining an Intermittent affair. ("Poolside Ch. 01.") We had to work around her husband's out-of-town trips, and I had to sneak in and out of her home, so I wasn't getting sex from Connie on anything like a regular basis. I was still doing yard work for her husband, and that payed well, even without the sex. And sex with her was certainly exciting, albeit infrequent!

Another benefit of being a lifeguard was being employed for after-hours pool parties. The Club sponsored a couple of big parties each summer, and individual members also rented the pool for special occasions. One of those special events was the eighteenth birthday of Alice Sharmon, one of a bevy of pool bunnies whom I ogled while on duty. I was hired to "protect" the guests for her two-hour birthday party, 8:30 to 10:30, one Tuesday evening early in June.

Alice had decided to have an all-girl, all-bikini party. In addition to Alice's father (Jack), her mother (Mary), her twenty-year-old sister (Nancy), and her younger brother (Will), there were twenty eighteen-year-old female guests. All of the women wore bikinis, including Mary who was incredibly voluptuous for such a skimpy bathing suit. It was obvious from their tan lines that at least seven or eight of the girls had never worn a bikini before, and there was a lot of girlish laughter and giggling as they checked each other out. Of course I checked them out, too!

There were only three males present: Jack, who was middle-aged and almost bald; Will, who was thirteen, skinny, and covered with pimples; and me. Not surprisingly I was immediately an object of interest to twenty-two young women. The ones who were club members had routinely teased me at the pool, and the half-dozen nonmembers quickly started flirting with me, too. I loved it.

The moon had not risen, and as the sky darkened the only illumination came from the underwater pool lights. Anyone swimming was spotlighted and clearly visible. The glow from the pool illuminated anyone within five or six feet. Anyone who was ten feet from the pool was only a black shadow in the darkness.

At first everything the girls did was relatively innocent, although painfully obvious. The girls would take turns diving off the one-meter board, then swimming to the ladder directly underneath me so that I could stare at their chests as they climbed out of the pool. Amid a lot of giggling, I got good looks at a lot of breasts and nipples. I was looking and they knew it and they liked it. I liked it too, as the tent in my trunks attested.

Just before Jack and Mary called a break for cake and ice cream, several of the girls managed to lose their tops during their dives. The birthday-girl's older sister Nancy even climbed the ladder topless, pretending she didn't know she was half naked. I had a huge hard-on in my trunks. She blushed, but she stared at me - and it - and grinned!

With everyone out of the pool for a few minutes, I got my penis under control and climbed down from the chair. I accepted a piece of cake and drank some punch. I spotted a small group of girls huddled in a dark area near the deep end, and I carried my punch over toward them. I couldn't see what they were doing, but they were giggling so hard they could barely stand. They were facing away from the shallow end where the adults were still cutting cake.

As I reached the little group, Nancy suddenly said, "Would you like to lick my icing, Don?"

I walked closer and I saw what they had been up to. Nancy and two of the others had dropped their tops and covered their nipples with icing from the cake. All three moved toward me, iced breasts a-bouncing. "Well?" Asked Nancy.

"Sure! I'd love to, but later when the others have gone! I'd like more than just one lick!" I replied.

Nancy came up to me and rubbed her icing-capped breasts against my chest. She lowered her voice so that it was really sultry and said, "Are you inviting us to stay here after the party is over, Don?" She pressed her barely-covered crotch against my trunks, and rubbed herself back and forth against the erection which was once again tenting my trunks.

"If you're interested! Just don't forget the icing!" I reached up and tweaked a little icing from her left nipple using my thumb and first finger. I put my fingers in my mouth. "UMM! Nice! Titillating flavor!"

As they giggled and bounced their breasts, I walked on around the pool, hoping my erection was not too obvious from a distance. I wiped the icing off my chest and finished my cake. Sex was in the air!

After Alice, the birthday-girl, had opened her presents, the girls resumed their in-water activities. Younger-brother Will soon moved down where he could see the half-naked girls better. Within five minutes nearly every girl managed to end up topless each time she dived. Even in the bubbles made by their dives, the pool lights showed their young breasts and nipples clearly. Will had a tent in his pants that the girls began to giggle about. But then I had a tent in mine, too!

Mary and Jack had tried to ignore the partial nudity, but when Nancy and another girl managed to lose their bottoms as well as their tops as they dived, Mary put a stop to it. "If you girls can't keep your suits on, I'm ending the party right now!" Mary sternly declared.

There was a high-pitched chorus of "We'll be careful Mrs. Sharmon!" and the party continued, albeit without additional, overt nudity. They still flashed their breasts as they climbed the ladder beneath me, so that kept me aroused.

Before the party ended, Nancy and several of the others talked to me, and they had, in turn, talked to Jack. Promptly at 10:30 he came over to me and asked, "Would it be okay if Nancy and a couple of the others stayed for a few minutes? Nancy said you like to swim laps, but that somebody needs to be here to watch you in case you get into trouble."

"That would be fine, Mr. Sharmon. They can swim too, if they want. I can swim a mile or so, and then I'll send everyone on home. They shouldn't be out too late."

"I think that three or four want to stay, so if that's okay with you, I know they'll be completely safe - as will you."

"No problem, Mr. Sharmon. I'll blow my whistle, and everyone can leave the pool area. Tell Nancy and her friends to come back as soon as everyone else has left. If they stay here, I'm afraid everyone will want to stay, and the party will never end."

He handed some cash to me. "Here's your fee, plus a tip. Mary said I probably didn't have to pay you after the show these girls put on for you!" He winked at me. "I'll leave you some of the cake and ice cream, too. I'm sure you'll be hungry after your swim!" We shook hands.

I blew my whistle, and amid a lot of groans of disappointment, everyone began to pack up. I cleaned up around the pool, and ten minutes later there were only two cars left in the parking lot besides mine. Nancy and four other girls immediately got out of their cars and came back onto the pool deck. They were carrying a cooler filled with beer, something Mr. Sharmon clearly hadn't known about. They gave me one, and all five of them began to drink. Long before I finished mine, I heard the pops as several more cans were opened by the girls. They were obviously drinking to get their courage up. I hoped it would work!

I had finished my beer and was just putting the last of the chairs away when I saw Nancy, Alice, and Barb take off their bikini tops and smear their breasts with icing from the leftover cake. Carrie and Sherrie were not as bold, but their eyes were bright as all five strutted over to me, shoulders back, breasts jutting out. "Before you swim your laps, don't you need a little sugar for energy. Don?" Nancy asked, and all five girls laughed.

The pool lights were still on, and I could see the girls clearly as their breasts bounced under the thin coating of icing. Two erect nipples abruptly poked out through the icing from among the six icing-covered breasts on display. They were standing close to me, and I could smell the powerful scent of more than one aroused pussy. My erection was stiff and uncomfortable in my trunks. I made no effort to conceal it, and all five girls kept glancing at it. There was no breeze, and the air was thick with the aroma of sexual tension.

"How come only three of you are topless?" I asked. "That hardly seems fair!"

There was an abrupt bout of girlish squealing and giggling, and Carrie and Sherrie had their tops pulled off by the other three. The both stood red-faced, arms crossed, holding their hands over their breasts. Nancy walked up to Carrie and took hold of her bikini bottoms. "Both of you drop your arms so everyone can see your boobs or we'll take your bottoms off, too!"

Carrie and Sherrie both did as they were told, but their dark red faces revealed their complete embarrassment. However I'm certain all five of them were amused at the look on my face as I stared at five sets of perky, young, B-cup and C-cup breasts, proudly displayed by the five shapely, dark-haired young women.

"Since you two aren't wearing icing, you have to give Don a big kiss!" Barb declared, and Nancy and Beth pushed Carrie up against me.

I wrapped my arms around Carrie and pulled her close. My erection pressed hard through my trunks against the front of her bikini bottoms. She was trembling and didn't lift her face. I slid my hands up her naked back to her head and tilted her face back and kissed her, hard. She tasted of beer. Her eager response made it clear that her trembling had been from excitement, not fear. "Ever kissed like this before?" I whispered.

Carrie gently shook her head then kissed me again. As my tongue played with hers, I began to rub her breasts with my thumbs. Her nipples exploded into stiffness, and she pressed her hips against my penis. Then she suddenly jumped back, pulling herself away from me. Her mouth was open and her eyes were bright, but she also looked frightened.

Then it was Sherrie's turn. She was tight and jumpy. When I wrapped my arms around her, she stiffened up. She pulled her hips away from my erection. Her lips trembled when I kissed her, and when I began to caress her nipples, she began to cry. I kissed her again and released her. "I'm so afraid of what will happen!" She said as she ran back to Carrie and hugged her.

"Well, I'm not!" Declared Alice. She wiped her icing-streaked fingers on my lips. "Want some more of this taste, Don?" She asked. She was covered with little drops of sweat, and I could smell her before I touched her.

I put my hands on her waist and began licking her breasts, saving her nipples for last. It took a couple of minutes. As I slurped and licked, Nancy remarked, "God, you sound like a pig eating slop!" Everyone giggled.

I finished by licking and sucking on Alice's nipples, and her breathing changed to little gasps as I did so. I took my time. When I was done, I wrapped my arms around her, pulled her close, and kissed her. "Happy Birthday, Alice!" I whispered. She opened her mouth and our tongues groped and wrestled. My erection was pressed hard against her groin, and her saliva-soaked nipples were hard against my chest as I rubbed them. When I finally broke the kiss, she stared up and me and kissed me again, then abruptly moved away. She was breathing really fast and hard.

Next I licked Nancy clean, then Barb. Both got warmed up, but not as much as Alice had been. As I finished with Barb, she announced, "Now it's our turn to lick some off you!"

She bounced bare-breasted over to the cake, grabbed a mound of icing, and began to smear it all over my chest. She started licking, then abruptly stopped. "Yuck! It's full of hair!" She exclaimed.

Nancy had come up behind me and I felt her bare breasts against my back, then her hands as she reached around and undid my drawstring. "I know a place where he doesn't have hair, at least the part that's sticking out!" She announced.

Nancy jerked my swim trunks down to my ankles, and my erection burst out, nearly striking Barb's leg. My feet were effectively tied together by my trunks. As Nancy reached around and began to fondle me, the other four girls looked on with their mouths and eyes wide open. "C'mon, smear some icing on his dork and let's lick it off!" Nancy declared. Her breathing was hot and fast on the back of my neck as her fingers fondled my penis and balls. I could feel her stiff nipples and the soft pressure of her breasts against my back.

The other girls just stood there staring for several seconds. Carrie and Sherrie had eyes as big as saucers! Alice was the first to react, and she scooped up some icing from her cake and used her fingers to cover my penis with it. Her nipples were still erect, and her areolae were dark and swollen. She squatted down and began to lick my shaft.

As Alice slowly worked her tongue toward the tip of my penis, I glanced at the other four girls. Nancy and Barb both had their mouths slightly open and both looked excited. Carrie and Sherrie looked truly shocked, but they still stayed close enough to see everything clearly. Alice continued to lick. Her nipples became more stiff and pointed, revealing her state of arousal. She finished by sucking hard on my penis, even though the icing was long gone. Barbs pushed her aside. "It's my turn!" Barbs said.

Barb smeared icing on my erection, and she began to clean me off. She used the tip of her tongue to make a slow, thin trail from my pubic hair to the tip of my penis. Then she swallowed the icing and began again. What an incredible sensation it produced! When she had done this about two dozen times, she licked and sucked my penis to get the last few streaks of icing. As the tip of her tongue danced over the head of my penis, I felt my balls pulling up tight against my shaft and I almost lost it.

Barb got to her feet and kissed me. As she held me, she whispered, "I'm wet and ready!" She grinned. I glanced down and there was a dark wet stain clearly visible between her legs.

"I know! I can see and smell you!" I whispered.

Barb reluctantly moved back and Nancy quickly took her place. She used both hands to coat my penis with icing. Her removal technique was to kiss and suck the icing off me, slowing working toward the tip of my penis as she kissed round and round my shaft. She took her time. A generous amount of pre-cum had oozed out of the tip, and as she tasted it, Nancy grinned up at me. Finally she stood up and kissed me, rubbing her damp crotch firmly against my erection.

"Carrie! Sherrie! You want to try it?" Nancy asked. Both girls quickly shook their heads. I could sense that they both wanted to - but were afraid.

Nancy turned back to me and stepped between my legs onto my swim suit, pinning it to the ground and causing my erection to slide along her thigh. "Looks like you'll have to swim your laps in the nude, Don!"

I stepped out my suit and kissed Nancy, feeling her nipples and breasts against my chest and pressing my erection between her legs. Her crotch was definitely wet - and not just with pool water! I was so aroused I almost pulled her bottoms down and fucked her as she stood there. Afraid I'd be charged with rape, I broke the kiss and dived into the pool and began to swim my laps.

By the time I'd finished a couple of laps, my erection softened and was no longer in the way. I glanced up as I breathed, and I could see the five topless girls talking and drinking more beer. I caught snippets of conversation as my head moved in and out of the water as I rotated to breathe.

"Nobody can see us and . . ."

". . . and it's your chance to . . ."

". . . can't always be a prude, besides . . ."

" . . . next chance to grab a hunk like . . ."

" . . . 'cause none of us will tell and . . ."

". . . they will never know because . . ."

" . . . we all have to do it so . . ."

I was swimming laps and there were five topless girls drinking beer and watching me! Why was I still in the water? I considered that question as I continued my laps and then I lost sight of all five of them for a few seconds although I could still hear them talking and giggling. I wondered what they were planning. I soon found out.

Just as I touched the side of the pool in the shallow end at the conclusion of my twelfth lap, all five jumped in and grabbed me. They were all completely naked, even Carrie and Sherrie! Beer? Lust? Something had worked!

My lap swimming was clearly over for the night! Five bathing beauties were giggling as they splashed and fondled me! For several minutes we wrestled and splashed. I kissed everyone, even Carrie and Sherrie, and I caressed all their breasts and furry pussies as they groped me. It was so arousing I was afraid I was going to explode into the water any moment. I really wanted to fuck - any one of them - and I was about to lose control.

As the oldest, Nancy was obviously in charge, and she suddenly changed the game. I had a couple of minutes to calm down while Nancy moved from girl to girl and whispered the "rules" to them. I avoided looking at them, and in an attempt to calm my cock I thought about several unhappy events in my past. I felt the incredible urge to ejaculate gradually abate. Having five naked pussies within my reach had taken me almost to the point of no return.

I heard Nancy say, "You won't be able to taste it underwater!"

"Are you sure?" Someone asked.

"Yeah, I've done it before!" Nancy replied.

A few seconds later I was again surrounded by the five naked girls. They began taking turns diving under water and sucking on my penis. Carrie and Sherrie were clearly new to this kind of intimacy and were reluctant at first, but they quickly caught on. As each girl held her breath and sucked, I rubbed their breasts and felt their nipples become rigid.

Even with the short breaks as the girls changed places, having my penis sucked for ten or fifteen seconds, over and over, was beginning to take me to the edge again. I could feel myself getting ready to ejaculate, so as Nancy began to take a turn, I asked, "Why don't I return the favor?"

She grinned and kissed me. Then I dropped underwater and began to lick and kiss her pussy. When I ran out of breath, I blew bubbles all over her crotch, trying to blow air into her vagina. As I broke the surface she was laughing. "That was great! Do it again!" She said.
