 CURT'S NEW ADVENTURE

Curt was working at another neighbor's pool but he was thinking of the Smits. He was still in awe of Cindy's marvelous ass and he knew it was why Ricky married her. Cindy had an ass that one would never tire of fucking it; at least Curt felt that he would want to fuck it forever. He was still in disbelief of how his summer had turned out so far. He had had more sex in just a few weeks than he had his entire senior year of high school and he still had six weeks to go before college.

As Curt moved the sweeper along the bottom of the pool he thought about his first bisexual experience with Ricky. He had witnessed Ricky sucking Ryan's cock and getting fucked by Ryan. He never thought that he would ever have sex with a guy but Ricky had proved to be a great cocksucker, every bit as good as Marilyn, Cindy and Debbie. Curt had not fucked Ricky in the ass and he wondered if it would feel any different than it was fucking Marilyn and Cindy in their asses. Ryan seemed to like fucking Ricky so it must be okay.

Curt had an erection brought on by his reflection of his encounters the past two weeks. His thoughts were interrupted however when his client the pretty Mrs. Jackson came out to check on him. "Curt are you nearly finished, I would like to take a quick swim before I go shopping."

"Just a couple of more sweeps and I'll be finished," Curt told her.

Nicki Jackson was as slut and that was the only way to describe her. She just liked to fuck and she would fuck almost anyone which is why her husband finally divorced her. She had fucked just about every young man that had been at her home. She had fucked her share of landscapers, gardeners and other workers. She was pleasantly surprised to see the young handsome Curt arrive to clean the pool that day. Nicki had worn her skimpiest bikini that day and that had not gone unnoticed by Curt. Curt decided that if given the opportunity that he would definitely fuck the shapely Mrs. Jackson. Curt's confidence was growing with every sexual encounter and he was becoming more assertive.

Nicki decided it was time to put her seduction plan into action. As Curt began to put the equipment away, she walked down to the diving board and as she did she loosened the strings on her bikini top and bottom. Nicki had practiced this several times when she was alone. She stood on the dive board and then executed a perfect dive into the pool. As she hit the water her bikini bra was stripped away from her body and then the bikini bottom followed. Nicki acted as if she didn't know that she had lost her bikini and swam to the swallow end.

Curt had watched her dive and he saw that her bikini came off her body. His still erect cock immediately twitched in his shorts as he watched Nicki swim naked toward the swallow end. Curt immediately took that as his cue and he wondered what it would be like to fuck Nicki. Curt stood up and peeled off his shorts and walked toward the swallow end of the pool where Nicki was just starting to surface. His big cock bobbed in front of him as he approached her. Nicki surfaced and pushed her long blonde hair back over her head and then she spotted Curt. She stared at his impressive cock and all of a sudden she wondered if she had made a mistake.

Nicki stood frozen in the swallow end as Curt entered the water and waded over to her. Nicki tried to make believe that she just discovered that she lost her bikini and covered her body with her hands. Curt smiled and took her hands away from her tits and pussy. Then he pulled her toward him and let her feel his big cock press into her body. Nicki shook with desire and anticipation.

"You did that on purpose didn't you?" Curt asked.

Nicki nodded and whispered, "Yesss!" 

"I'm glad you did," Curt said as he wrapped his hands around Nicki and cupped her shapely ass.

"Please let's go inside," Nicki said softly.

Curt and Nicki walked naked into the house and straight up to Nicki' bedroom. Nicki blushed slightly as she sat down on her bed. Curt sat next to her and took her hands in his their thighs touching in the process. Nicki was starting to relax.

"You're a very good looking woman," Curt said as he turned his face toward hers to kiss her.

Curt probed her mouth his tongue searching for hers. She moaned as Curt French kissed her deeply and then she gasped as if she was out of breath. Curt moved his hands over her pert shapely tits extracting yet another groan from her. He could feel her nipples harden in his hands. Then his hands were filled with her breasts and he tweaked her rock hard nipples in his fingers. 

Nicki lay back on the bed as Curt continued to massage her tits and play with her nipples. He leaned over her and began to kiss her breasts and suck on her nipples. Nicki continued to moan and then would shiver every now and then from pleasure. Curt pulled her toward him so that she could feel her bare tits against him. Nicki groaned as she felt the hairs on his chest tickle her nipples. Curt's cock was straining against so Nicki covered it with her hand and squeezed it.

"Stand up please," she struggled to say.

"I have never seen a cock this big and thick," Nicki lied as she moved her hands over it lovingly.

"There are bigger ones than mine," Curt replied. He then gasped as she grabbed his cock with both hands and ran her tongue over the head.

She looked up at him as if she was in a trance and lied again as she said, "I have always wanted to do this," acting as if this was her first time sucking cock.

Nicki took the head of his cock in her mouth still holding it with both hands. Then she removed one hand taking more of it in her mouth. With her free hand she fondled Curt's balls and stroked the hardness between his cock and asshole. She then removed the other hand and grabbed his hips with both hands pulling and pushing him so that she controlled the penetration of his cock in her mouth. 

Curt knew he was close to cumming. "I'm going to shoot soon," he warned her.

But Nicki just picked up the pace and started to fondle his balls again. Curt shot ropes of cum into her mouth. Nicki was startled by both the amount of cum and the force of it. However she gamely held on swallowing as fast as she good. She continued to suck on Curt's rod until it was dry of his seed and softened in her mouth. 

"That was incredible," Curt sighed.

Nicki flopped back on the bed savoring the taste of cum in her mouth. Nicki kept her bush trimmed neatly displaying her beautiful cunt. Her pussy was glistening with moisture from her excitement and Curt noticed that it was swollen. He stroked the outline of her slit gently probing with his fingers. Her clit was large and prominent and Curt teased it first with his fingers and then by running his tongue over it. Nicki was squeezing both her breasts with her hands as Curt played with her pussy. He took the engorged clit into his mouth and nibbled on it as he sank one, two then three fingers into her sopping pussy. 

"Oh, oh, please," Nicki groaned as she had her first orgasm of the night soaking his hands and fingers. 

Curt then moved up between her legs and eased his hard cock into her pussy. It slid in easy given the wetness. He worked it slowly with long deliberate strokes keeping his cock in constant contact with her clit. Nicki started bucking madly and seemed to lose control. 

"Oh fuck, fuck me make me cum again," she almost screamed and then added, "It's so good, feels so good."

"Oh my god, hold me, hold me," Nicki yelled as she shook with another intense orgasm.

Nicki wrapped her legs and arms around Curt as if she was trying to pull him in deeper. He could feel her pussy squirting and covering his cock with her juices. That sent Curt over the edge and he filled her love canal with cum shooting it deep into her womb. 

Nicki continued to hold him in a tight grasp as she repeated over and over, "Thank you, thank you, thank you." 

Curt lifted himself off of Nicki and he rolled her over on her stomach. He gently massaged her body and she cooed in a relaxed state. Her skin was a little red from rubbing against the bedcovers so he applied some of her body lotion and rubbed it in. Curt was getting turned on by the massage and looking at her shapely ass. He applied more lotion to her ass cheeks and then he added more to her asshole. Curt fingered her asshole with his little finger than a larger one and finally his thumb with his middle finger stroking her enlarged clit. Nicki raised her hips slightly so that he could get to her pussy easier and by doing so she accentuated her shapely ass. Curt's thumb was snug in her ass and his cock was throbbing again.

Nicki looked back at Curt and saw his erect cock and asked, "Do you want my ass too"?

"Of course I do," he replied excitedly. 

Curt removed his thumb and kissed his way down her arched back as he fondled her curvy buttocks with his hands. He planted kisses on her ass cheeks and tickled her pink hole with his tongue. He had learned so much from Cindy and Marilyn that he was in complete control with Nicki. She gasped out loud and Curt was sure that she was up for anal sex.

Curt backed off and asked her if she was all right to which Nicki wiggled her ass and told him to keep tonguing her bottom. Curt lifted her hips up a little higher and gently spread her ass cheeks wider and lapped around her bung hole just as Cindy had taught him. He penetrated her rectum with the tip of his tongue and he heard her breathing become shallow and labored. Curt slipped his tongue in as deep as he could and Nicki went wild. Her body shook with convulsions as she had yet another intense orgasm as she rubbed her pussy furiously. Curt held on to her hips with his tongue buried in her ass as she shook and trembled.

Curt moved up and eased the head of his cock into her anus. The sphincter grabbed it as if to protect the opening. Nicki had totally relaxed and it took her awhile to realize that the head of Curt's cock was now in her ass. He had added more pussy juice along with his saliva making his dick very slick. 

"Not too deep at first, let me get used to it then you can go deeper but slowly," she cautioned.

Curt fed it to her a little at a time probably no more than a quarter or half inch. Each time he allowed her to adjust to the thickness and deepness of the penetration. It seemed like hours before his cock was fully lodged in her ass. Once he thought she was comfortable Curt started fucking her ass, first with short stokes and then longer ones.

Curt fantasized that this was her first ass fuck and that he was the one taking her anal virginity. He watched his cock saw in and out of her beautiful ass. Nicki had her head turned to the side of the mattress and she was gripping the bed sheets with both hands as Curt fondled her shapely buttocks and plowed into her. Curt could feel the verge of another big orgasm and it felt like it started in his toes. All of a sudden it let loose and he filled her asshole with cum. His cock seemed to swell up bigger than ever and it seemed that his sperm had no where to escape.

He kept slowly fucking her ass until his cock started to soften. Nicki' ass involuntarily was milking his cock draining it of all his seed. When Curt's cock slipped from her asshole with an audible pop, his cum shot out and ran down the back of her legs and over her pussy. It looked like Nicki was cumming out of her ass. She collapsed face down on the bed and Curt lay down along side of her. They were drained and exhausted. He stroked her buns lovingly as they lay quietly. After several minutes Nicki rolled over and looked at Curt's soft cock draped over his thigh. She reached for it with her hand and played with the soft flesh. Curt began to harden in her hand and Nicki smiled at his recuperative powers. Nicki continued to stroke Curt's cock and caress his balls until he was rock hard again. This time she sat on him and lowered her pussy on his cock.

Nicki rode Curt's cock until she couldn't cum anymore. She just rested her body on top of him as Curt continued to thrust up into her in search of his release. Curt's body then went rigid as he ejaculated into her womb again and Nicki was amazed at the amount of spunk that Curt still produced. She felt it splash against her inner walls and flood her pussy. They both stayed still for several minutes and then Nicki rolled off of Curt. Exhausted she chose to stay in bed as Curt calmly got up, cleaned up and dressed. By the time Nicki made her way out of bed Curt had put away the cleaning equipment and had left the property. 

Nicki still feeling the semen in her holes rolled over and picked up the phone. She called her friend and neighbor Nadine and told her about Curt. Nadine also had a swimming pool and Nicki thought that she would like to have a well hung virile young man clean it for her. Nadine thanked her for the referral and said that she would get in touch with Curt.

ONE MORE FOR CURT'S COLLECTION

It was two days after he had sex with Nicki Jackson that he was at the Thompson's house cleaning the pool. Mrs. Thompson had contacted him and told him that Nicki had given him a glowing recommendation. Curt wondered what Nicki said in the recommendation and he hoped it was about the sex more that the pool work.

Nadine Thompson was walking around in a very sexy bikini talking with Curt cleaned the pool. Nadine was in her early forties and she still had a nice body as she took care of herself. Her husband traveled all the time and presently he was out of the country for a couple of weeks. Nadine was intrigued with Curt as he was the youngest that ever serviced her pool.

Nadine had fucked a couple of the other workers before and that day she was particularly horny. Her 35-25-35 figure did not escape Curt's eyes and Nadine knew that he was checking her out. She spotted that his cock was hard in his shorts. Nadine decided to bring some lemonade out to the pool and told Curt to sit with her for a minute while he drank his. They sat around for awhile chatting. Nadine was really getting horny and she couldn't get her mind off sex as she recalled everything that Nicki had told her. Curt also had sex on his mind and he stayed hard most of the time as he took in Nadine's body in her bikini. They finished the lemonade and Nadine asked Curt to get them refills. Curt went into the house and located the kitchen. Nadine decided it was now or never so she went into the kitchen right after Curt. He was by the counter filling up the glasses when Nadine entered the kitchen. Nadine stripped off her bikini and stood naked in the kitchen and then she spoke Curt's name.

Curt turned around and he almost dropped the lemonade pitcher when he saw Nadine standing there naked but then he moved quickly. He put the pitcher on the counter, came over to Nadine and pushed her up against the refrigerator. Curt dropped to his knees and drove his face into Nadine's vulva. Nadine gasped aloud as she felt Curt's tongue enter her vagina and seek out her clit. She couldn't believe that this young stud went right for her pussy with his mouth. Within minutes Nadine was writhing and holding onto Curt's head as he ate her through a string of orgasms. Nadine was weak kneed and she sank to the floor. Curt peeled off his shorts and plunged his big cock right into Nadine's pussy. Nadine grunted as the huge cock made its way into her hot hole.

Nadine was flat on her back now and she wrapped her legs around Curt's body as he pounded her pussy. She thought to take him to the bedroom but she found it exciting to be fucking on her kitchen floor. Nadine just seemed to go from one orgasm to the other as Curt drove toward his own release. Curt then stiffened and fired a huge amount of spunk into Nadine's quim. Nadine moaned as she felt the warm fluid fill her womb. Curt's cock kept moving within her and Nadine realized that he wasn't going soft. Curt's cock swam around in the combined love juices as he continued to fuck a tiring Nadine. Nadine begged him to let her rest a minute but Curt just turned her over on all fours and then fucked her doggy style.

Nadine had her head on the kitchen floor as Curt fucked her from behind and played with her shapely ass. Curt then got up for a minute and took the butter from the refrigerator. Curt massaged the butter into the crack of Nadine's ass. He then pushed one of his fingers into Nadine's ass lubricating it with the butter. Nadine flinched and almost screamed out loud when she felt Curt's cock at her asshole. Curt pushed and his cock head cleared her sphincter. Nadine wanted to protest but for some reason she didn't. She then resolved herself to give up her anal cherry. Of all the young men that had fucked Nadine none of them had ever gone after her ass. But today the youngest of all did just that. Curt slowly worked his big dick into Nadine's shapely ass and then he fucked her methodically. Curt fucked her slowly and his cock steadily went deeper into her rectum until he was completely buried in her ass.

Nadine experienced some slight pain but it quickly turned to cramping and bloatiness. Now she just felt full as the thick cock stretched her hole. Curt picked up the pace as he approached his orgasm and Nadine reached between her legs and finger fucked herself. Curt tensed and then he unloaded in Nadine's ass. He was so excited that he flooded her rectum with an enormous amount of semen. Nadine felt the huge load fill her ass and she involuntarily milked the cock with her anal muscles. Curt stayed in her ass until his cock was drained and then he pulled it slowly from Nadine's asshole. Nadine felt a huge void in her ass as the cock left her hole.

Curt stood up and picked up his shorts. He left the kitchen leaving Nadine lying on the kitchen floor with cum dripping from both her holes. He took one more look at the cum-filled pretty woman and then left the house. Curt put his shorts back on and although he thought about leaving, he returned to cleaning the pool. As much as he enjoyed fucking Nadine he was a little embarrassed by his behavior but he just attributed it to his being so horny. Curt's assertiveness was never as evident as he took the older woman's ass right on her kitchen floor. As he finished cleaning the pool, he thought about Nicki and Nadine. He could wait to tell Cindy and Ricky about them. He was scheduled to clean their pool on Friday afternoon and then hang out with them afterward. They were also having a pool party on Saturday.

Nadine lay motionless on the floor after Curt left and thought to her self, "What did I get myself into?" Nadine had never expected Curt to react as he did. She had cum many times and she was pleased about that but she had never expected such aggressive behavior. The last thing she expected was to be so soundly butt fucked. Nadine reached for her bung hole to assess any damage but she found things to be quite normal although she did feel constipated. No wonder she thought as she remembered Curt cumming in her ass in buckets. Nadine made her way out to the Jacuzzi and walked right passed Curt in her nakedness. She smiled wickedly at him putting him at ease and then she lowered her achy body into the warm water. She let the jets wash away the semen from her holes and then she put her bikini back on. 

After Curt finished his work he left the Thompson's property. Before he left Nadine told Curt that he did a great job and that she could use him again next Wednesday. She decided to take a dip in the pool and bring her body temperature down. While in the pool, Nadine rubbed her tender bottom and touched her nether hole. She thought that the anal sex wasn't so bad after all and that she would probably try it again. She was already looking forward to next Wednesday.

CURT MEETS DEBBIE'S FRIEND AT THE SMIT'S HOME

Curt had a relaxing day Thursday and it was void on any sexual encounters. He rested up for what he knew would be a sex marathon at the Smit's house on Friday evening. When her arrived Friday to clean the pool he found Cindy, Debbie and Debbie's friend Jackie sunbathing in the nude. Ryan and Ricky were still at work and would be home later Debbie introduced him to Jackie and Curt took in her beauty.
