 THE PARTY

Jack, his mother Audrey and Jack's girlfriend Mandy had arrived at Cindy's and Ricky's home at 4:00 PM as planned. Shortly thereafter Monica arrived with her son Larry, his wife Janine and their friend Bert. They were followed by Cassie and her new lover Nichole a Eurasian beauty. Sophia and her brothers Karl and Stan were the last to arrive. Everyone had worn swim suits and bikinis underneath and they quickly shed their cover up clothes. Cindy led everyone out to the pool deck where cocktails and food were available and she then introductions were made all around.

Jack went gaga over the two blonde beauties Janine and Sophia. He stared at them in their skimpy bikinis and made a mental note to fuck them first. The food was outstanding and the wine was superb and everyone enjoyed themselves. Curt was going crazy looking at all the beautiful people in their revealing swim wear. He was even attracted to Monica and Audrey, the oldest females at the party. Since his fling with Nicki and Nadine he had a better appreciation for older women.

The conversation eventually turned toward sex mainly because that was what most of them were comfortable talking about. They all shared stories and before long everyone was horny and ready to take it to the next level. Cindy suggested that they all shed their swimwear as they would be coming off shortly anyway. She and Ricky were the first to stand up and let their swimwear fall to the floor. Cassie, Nichole, Monica, Bert, Janine and Larry were next to shed theirs followed by Jack, Audrey and Mandy. Ryan, Sophia, Karl, Stan, Debbie, Jackie and Curt were the last to drop their swimwear. The ten women and eight guys stood naked for a few minutes taking in the beautiful nude bodies around the pool. The guys showed hard immediately and everyone was ready for action.

Curt was drawn to the half French, half Asian girl Nichole. He knew that she only took a cock in her ass when she was eating pussy but he was determined to be the first one to fuck her. She was a beauty with long black hair and wonderful body. Her ass was to die for and it seemed to call out to him. Nichole approached the cute Mandy and took her by the hand and led her over to the lounge area. Nichole put cushions on the ground and Mandy lay on them with her legs splayed. As soon Nichole knelt and lowered her face to Mandy's pussy, Curt moved in behind Nichole with his erect cock ready for her inviting ass.

Curt began to play with Nichole's lovely ass, caressing it with his hands. Next he lowered his mouth to her buttocks and tickled her tailbone with his tongue before letting it slip between her buns locating her rosebud. Nichole groaned into Mandy's pussy when she felt Curt's tongue dance along her anus. Curt had grabbed a tube on lube from the table where several tubes had been placed. He squirted the lube right on Nichole's anus and then pressed the head of his cock against her hole. With a steady pressure Curt eased his cock into Nichole's ass and he watched as her lovely anus parted to receive it. He loved watching his cock slide into her and he began to fuck her slowly. Nichole looked over her shoulder to see who was in her ass and she smiled at Curt with approval.

As Curt fucked the beautiful Nichole others had paired up as well. Ricky was standing with Karl and Stan on either side of him. He was stroking their cocks as they played with his ass. Within minutes Ricky was on all fours with Karl's cock in his mouth and Stan's cock in his ass. Jack was on his back with the two blonde beauties Sophia and Janine sitting on his face and cock. The two girls faced each other, leaned in and kissed as they fondled each other's breasts. Sophia was squirming around as Jack's tongue danced over her clit and her anus. Janine rode the stiff cock in search of her first of many orgasms.

Bert had selected Jackie and he was drilling her pussy with his big cock as they sprawled out over some lounge cushions. He was fucking Jackie missionary style and she had never been so full of cock. Jackie had had Curt's and Ryan's impressive cocks in her but Bert was something else. She knew she would never be able to take him in her ass and she hoped that he wouldn't try.

Larry was with Cindy as he had been looking forward to her super fine ass. Cindy clearly had the most desirable looking ass of all the women and Larry was pleased to be the first one in it that evening. Larry had fucked both Ricky and Cindy in the ass at the last party and he was also fucked in the ass by Ricky. Cindy was on all fours with her head turned to the side smiling as Larry's 6" cock slid in and out of her ass. She liked starting off with an average size cock and work her way up to where she could take Bert's big dick in her ass. Cindy knew that before the evening sex was done she would have every cock in her ass.

Ryan was occupied with Monica and Audrey as they knelt in front of him and took turns sucking his cock. He liked the two older women and they way they sucked his cock. From there he would fuck them both and then take their asses as they knelt side by side. Both Monica and Audrey were in fine shape and had lovely asses. Cassie had made her way over to Debbie and the two of them were locked in a 69 position.

Cassie and Debbie orgasmed quickly and then they moved over to Curt, Nicole and Mandy. Cassie straddled Mandy's face and lowered her pussy to the young women's mouth. She was facing toward Nichole and she caressed her lover's buttocks as she watched Curt's cock move in and out between the cheeks. Debbie had slid under Nichole legs and she began to eat Nichole's pussy. Curt was in awe of the women as he enjoyed his first foursome. When Debbie began fondling his balls he knew that he was not going to last much longer in Nichole's snug asshole.

Sensing that Curt was close to cumming Cassie spoke to him, "Don't cum in her ass, cum on her so we can all see."

Seconds later Curt pulled out of Nichole's ass and shot his load on her body. The first two spurts passed over Nichole and hit Cassie's body. The next two rounds landed on Nicole's buttocks and Curt watched as Cassie rubbed the semen into her lover's skin. 

"Put it back in her ass now," Cassie told him as his cock began to ooze cum on Nichole's tailbone.

Curt eased his stiff dick back into Nichole's ass. He moaned when he felt her sphincter muscles massage his cock and drain it of any remaining cum in his shaft. He was stunned when Cassie leaned over and licked the remaining traces of his cum from Nichole's buttocks. He was even more shocked when his cock slipped from Nichole's ass and Debbie took it in her mouth. Cassie moved off of Mandy and Curt could see her face coated with female juices. Nicole rolled over and she had a euphoric look on her face. Debbie was still sucking Curt's cock keeping it hard and then she released it. "Curt, fuck me, I need to cum," she begged.

Curt moved down and got between Debbie's legs and shoved his cock into her hot pussy. Debbie was incredibly turned on and she wrapped her arms and legs around Curt and fucked like crazy. Curt had never seen Debbie so excited before and he tried to keep up with her frantic movements. Curt wouldn't cum this time when he fucked Debbie but he brought her a lot of pleasure with his sizeable cock. She went wild and her pussy flooded with her climax. Debbie's hips lifted off the ground and she buried her face in Curt's shoulder when she reached her crescendo. Curt could feel the warmth of her love juices surround his cock. He held her tightly until her body began to relax and then he guided her back to the ground. Curt kept his weight off of her but his cock remained in her pussy and Debbie moved her hips around in a sultry manner.

Finally Curt pulled out of her and Debbie smiled and kissed him, "Thank you baby, that was great," she whispered to him.

Audrey had never had three cocks at the same time and she was anxious to try it. She wanted to take advantage of the young virile studs that night. Her son had been in all her holes and she had been in threesomes with her son and his girlfriends. She made her wish known and she was approached by Bert, Larry and her son Jack. Audrey was a bit apprehensive when she got a good look at Bert's erect cock. She thought her son Jack was big but Bert was something else. Bert lay on his back as Audrey carefully lowered her pussy onto his cock. Jack then knelt behind his mother and slid his cock into her ass. Audrey had never been so stuffed full of cock as Bert filled her pussy and her son filled her ass. As Audrey moaned aloud Larry pushed his cock into her open mouth. Mandy watched her boyfriend's mother with envy as she patiently awaited her turn. Cassie on the other hand hoped that she could take on five cocks again at the same time before the night was over.

Janine and Monica moved over to Mandy and stood on either side of her to watch Audrey get pummeled with the three young cocks. Janine and Monica began to rub Mandy's ass and tits as they continued to watch the scene in front of them. Cassie got excited watching the three women so she decided to join them. Cassie dropped to her knees in front of Mandy and pushed her thighs apart. Mandy gasped aloud when Cassie's tongue found its way into Mandy's pussy. Janine and Monica continued fondling Mandy's ass and breasts as Cassie ate out her pussy.

Cindy and Jackie had moved into a 69 position and were busy eating each other when Stan and Karl approached them and slipped their cocks into the girl's receptive asses. Jackie liked the feel of Stan's manageable cock in her ass as he was not too big for her. Curt was nearby and he was standing behind the pretty blonde Sophia with his cock embedded in her lovely curvy ass. He reached around and caressed her tits as he filled her anal passage. Nichole had joined them and she dropped to her knees to eat Sophia's pussy. Ricky then joined the threesome and stuck his cock in Nichole's beckoning asshole.

Audrey straddled Bert with his throbbing cock in her hot pussy. Bert groaned as he felt the warm cavern envelop grasped his surging prick. Jack's cock was embedded in his mother's asshole. Audrey moaned each time she felt the ample cock slide in and out of her anal chamber. Audrey sucked Larry's cock deep into her mouth. The young men's cocks throbbed in her body and Audrey was proud of herself that these three young virile men could be so turned on by her.

Monica had dropped to her knees behind Mandy and she began to tongue the pretty woman's asshole. Mandy loved to be rimmed and she moaned in lust as Monica's tongue wormed its way into her nether hole. Janine now focused on Mandy's tits and nipples as Cassie licked Mandy's pussy and Monica rimmed Mandy's asshole. 

The three guys all came within seconds of each other and flooded Audrey's mouth, pussy and ass with enormous loads of cum. Audrey knew that there was plenty more spunk left in the balls of these energetic young men. The guys just kept fucking her as if they hadn't yet cum. Audrey loved the feeling of their cocks squishing around in her pussy and asshole bathed in their own cum and she loved Larry's cock in her mouth as she swirled her tongue around it. Mandy spotted the action and she was afraid the guys would keep fucking Audrey and cum again. Just then Audrey's body shook as her third orgasm rocked her body. She disengaged and moved away from the three studs and plopped down on her back. She still had cum oozing from her pussy and asshole as she lay on the floor.

"My turn," Mandy announced.

Cassie and Monica moved away from Mandy so that she could make her way over to the three guys. The scene was repeated with Mandy straddling Bert's monster cock. Mandy took her time lowering her pussy on to Bert's cock and eventually it nestled within her vagina. Mandy had never had a cock this big in her and she moved gingerly. Jack slipped his cock into her ass and then Mandy felt as if the two cocks were touching inside her. She tried to remain still and allow her body to adjust to the fullness. The two guys began to move and Mandy felt her holes stretching to accommodate them. Larry patiently waited for her to get comfortable and then he placed his cock in her mouth. It took awhile before Mandy could concentrate on Larry's cock but after her first orgasm she proved to be a worthy cocksucker. 

Audrey still lay on the floor as her body slowly recovered from the mind blowing orgasms. Cassie went over and knelt down beside her and stroked her achy body. Audrey welcomed Cassie's caresses and cooed under her loving hands. Monica and Janine also joined them on the floor and they moved Audrey into a doggy position so she could watch her son's girlfriend get fucked with the three cocks that had just been in her. Monica then handed Cassie a strange looking dildo set up. There were two cocks that stuck out in a V formation. One was a little thinner than the other. Cassie immediately knew what to do with it so she strapped on the device and moved behind Audrey. Janine helped Cassie guide the two fake cocks into Audrey's pussy and asshole so that Cassie could fuck Audrey's two holes simultaneously. Audrey gasped as the fake cocks penetrated her pussy and ass at the same time. Monica then moved around in front of Audrey and lay back with her legs open. The invitation was clear and Audrey lowered her mouth to Monica's pussy.

Mandy was grunting on Larry's cock as she bounced up and down on the two cocks embedded in her pussy and ass. Mandy had already cum twice and she felt a third powerful orgasm building within her. Bert, Jack and Larry would take a little longer to cum the second time around but Mandy didn't know how much more fucking she could take. Her body was a quivering mess as the three cocks worked her over. 

Janine smiled as she watched all the couplings as she knelt along side of Audrey and played with her tits. Audrey was moaning into Monica's pussy as Cassie double fucked Audrey from behind. Audrey made a mental note to get a dildo device like the one that was presently in her ass and pussy. Audrey was munching on Monica's clit and she had never sucked on a clit that large before. Audrey mused that it was like sucking on a little cock. Janine had had enough watching and decided to get more involved so she went over to Monica and straddled her mother-in-law's face. Janine lowered her pussy to Monica's eager mouth and moaned as Monica's tongue probed her pussy. Monica loved eating her daughter-in-law's pussy and having Janine cum in her mouth. Audrey was close to another orgasm as Cassie fucked her harder and faster.

Mandy was unaware of the action with the four other women as she raced toward her third orgasm. Just then Mandy felt Jack tense up and shoot a large load of cum into her ass. She felt his cock throb and pulsate as each stream shot into her anal passage. Mandy's asshole instinctively grabbed Jack's cock and began a milking action on his shaft. Mandy used her anal muscles to drain every drop of cum from Jack's cock. Bert felt the increased pressure around his cock as Mandy's vaginal muscles worked in unison with her anal muscles. Bert knew that Jack had cum since he could feel the fullness on the other side of Mandy's membrane separating her two holes. Bert then let loose and he blasted a barrage of seed into Mandy's womb. That did it for Mandy and she screamed as her body rocked in climax with her third orgasm. Mandy spit out Larry's cock as her body shook and trembled out of control. Larry had been close so her quickly grabbed his cock and jerked off onto Mandy's face, neck and tits. Mandy then collapsed onto top of Bert with his cock still embedded in her pussy. Jack eased his cock from Mandy's ass with an audible pop.

Seconds before Audrey orgasmed, Monica came and flooded Audrey's mouth with female love juice. Audrey was not prepared for Monica's squirting pussy and it caught her by surprise. Audrey though stayed with Monica and drank down every drop of Monica's sweet nectar. Audrey thought that eating Monica's pussy was indeed like sucking a small cock that spewed cum. That sent Audrey over the edge and then she too had another massive orgasm. Janine came quickly as well as she had been very turned on before sitting on Monica's face. Janine came in Monica's mouth and Monica as always sucked her dry. 

Curt was blowing his second load of the evening into Sophia's hot ass. Sophia had already juiced into Nichole's mouth and Ricky had filled Nichole's ass with his seed. Curt moved away from Sophia and he was still hard as a rock. He had never been so turned on in his young life and he wanted to fuck every woman there even though he knew that was impossible. 

Cindy and Jackie had their rectums filled with semen as Karl and Stan shot ample loads into them. Their faces were wet with their own orgasms as they had cum hard eating each other. The orgy continued well into the early morning hours before each guy was drained and every woman sexually sated. Curt had managed to fuck and cum in five asses that night. In addition to Nichole and Sophia, he had nailed Janine, Mandy and Monica. Nichole had eaten every pussy and had every cock in her ass. Ricky had got to fuck Larry as he always did at parties and in turn Larry had fucked Ricky. Cindy had had her scrumptious ass fucked more then she ever had and Debbie experienced a triple fuck with Bert, Jack and Ryan. She had almost two feet of cock in her at the same time. Cassie had gotten her wish and everyone watched in amazement as she took on six cocks at the same time. Not all the guys ejaculated as some of them were drained but it was still quite a sight.

Curt was the first to leave that night as he had to be home or his parents would be concerned. He took a dip in the pool before he dressed and left for home. The rest of them moved inside and slept with whoever they wanted anywhere they could find some space. It had been some orgy and an experience that Curt would never forget. He arrived home and entered the house quietly. His parents were sound asleep and Curt went right to his room and he too slept soundly.

A SATURDAY CALLING

Curt slept until noon on Saturday and when he woke up his parents had gone to the club. He made a sandwich and was eating it when he got a call from Ricky. "Hey guy, come over later, the guest are gone and Cindy and I are just hanging out by the pool." 

Curt was pleased that they invited his over. He left a note for his parents that he would be at the Smits house hanging out by the pool. On the way over to the Smit's house he played back the night before. He was still in awe of all the beautiful people that were so open about sex and that they were so cool about bisexuality. His youthful recovery powers were all ready underway and he felt his cock stir as he thought about the orgy. Curt hoped that Cindy would be up for some anal sex that day as he did not get to fuck her ass at the party. 

When Curt arrived Cindy and Ricky were by the pool sitting in the nude. He wondered if they ever wore clothes when they were poolside. "Hey buddy, I'm glad you could make it," Ricky called out.

"Yeah me too, take off your clothes and pull up a lounge," Cindy told him.

Curt was long past any shyness. He dropped his clothes and pulled a lounge over next to Cindy and Ricky and reclined facing them. "That was some party last night," he sighed.

"Yes it was wonderful and you did yourself proud. The girls talked about you and said how much they enjoyed being with you last night," Cindy told him.

"Cindy and I didn't get a chance to be with you last night since we had so many guests. However since you are our pool boy we knew that we could hook up anytime," Ricky added.

"Yeah, what are you guys drinking?"

"Bloody Mary, would you like one?" Cindy offered.

"I've never had one," Curt admitted.
