 I must of dozed off for when I came to I saw Anita lying on the other section of the L-shaped couch idly sliding two fingers of one hand in and out of her pink cunt while massaging her fabulous tits with the other.  The dark-haired model, Veronica, was down on her knees between my legs rolling my limp cock around in her mouth. I pulled her hair to one side, watching her red lips wrapped around my dick, as she swished it around her mouth with her soft tongue. 

‘Ummm, that's good Veronica' I sighed. 'Just keep sucking me and getting me hard. I really want to fuck you next.'

With that the young slut started picking up the pace, and my cock started to jerk to attention. She started running her mouth from base to tip and back again, taking me slowly down her throat. God, this woman did know her stuff. I was getting rock hard in no time. 

As she sucked me, I leaned over and started massaging her butt cheeks, grabbing one in each hand and roughly squeezing them, imagining how I would soon be sliding my dick between them. I reached way around, dipped a finger her damp pussy, and ran it back up to her anus and gently circled her puckered entrance. The brunnete looked up at me and smiled.

'Someone's got my ass on their mind now, don't they?' she laughed. 'Would you like to slide your cock up my ass, Mark? Do you want to buttfuck me now?'

Enough of the preliminaries, I thought. Let's get down to business. I got up, my hard member bouncing in front of me, walked over behind the stereo and undid a rope tied to a bracket. I let the rope slide through my hands and watched as the bar attached to the other end descended from its pulley on the high peaked ceiling. 'I've got something special for you, Veronica' I said. 'Anita, come here and help me get her ready.'

The blonde slid her hand away from her moist cunt, and I watched transfixed as the curvy pornstar dressed in nothing but a pair of thigh high leather boots walked slowly across the room, her fabulous tits jutting in front. She took hold of the restraining bar. 'Now this looks like fun. I've always wanted to have Veronica tied and helpless before me.'

I nodded to the brunette to come over, took one of her hands and started locking it into the restraint at one end of the bar, while Anita did the other. Veronica now had her hands securely held above her head, stretched about three feet apart, so that her tits were stretched up and she was totally accessible to Anita and I. I looked her over, admiring her leather bodice looped around under her breast leaving them totally exposed at the front, while its cut-away ass left her ass and cunt open for play from the rear. I gave her tits a quick squeeze with both my hands, and told Anita to have a feel. The blonde reached around and roughly grabbed the young sluts tits, squeezing them so that her nipples pointed straight out. 'Ummmmm, ths is going to be fun' Anita smiled.

But I wasn't finished yet. I reached behind the couch and pulled out a similar restraining bar, dropped to the floor and attached either end to an ankle. Now her legs were spread about two feet apart, and Veronica was totally at our mercy. I walked over to the wall bracket, took hold of the rope and pulled it tight so that Veronica's stilettos were just barely on the ground, and she was stretched taught by the rope and pulley. 

But it wasn't quite right. I wanted to have the young pornstar naked before us, her every orifice open to our tongues, fingers and my cock. I stepped around Veronica, quickly unfastened the leather bodice's clips at the back, and the tie behind her neck. Anita joined in, unfastening the buckle's at Veronica's crotch, and the bodice fell away. Now it was right, A naked wet slut, with toned tanned body and long dark cascading hair, her hands tied above her head, her legs forced apart by the restraining bar, and her entire body stretched open before us.

I took in the scene. Two pornstars, one suspended helplessly from the ceiling, while the other reached around to slowly but firmly massaged her breasts from behind. I walked around behind Anita, slid my throbbing cock between her legs, and nuzzled her ear. 'What would you like to do with this little slut?' I asked.

Before she answered, she reached between her legs and grabbed my cock, and swiftly popped it into her cunt. 'Jeez that's good, Anita' I said. 'Do you want me to fuck you like this, or do you want to play with our toy?' I asked as I started sliding my cock in and out of her wet cunt. 

'Mmmm, let's play first, then fuck later' she answered. She slowly pulled forward so that by dick slid out from her moist snatch, and bobbed glistening with her juices. I watched as she walked around Veronica, grabbed her hair in a bunch with her left hand, and pulled the brunette's face to hers, driving their mouths together, her tongue roughly penetrating Veronica's lips. 'Do you like that slut?' she hissed. 'Do you want me to use you and fuck you like a cheap whore?' Anita reached down with her right hand and cupped the young model's cunt, sliding her middle two fingers into Veronica's wet box. 'How do you like that, you little fuck toy? Do you want me to finger fuck you till you beg me to stop?'

I needed to make a move, as the brief dip into Anita's pussy had got me aching and the scene before me was too hot to stand for long. Slow, languid fucks could wait for later. There was only one thing I wanted now, and that was to bury my cock right up Veronica's asshole. 'Anita. Come here and get her anus ready for me' I ordered the blonde. She let go of Veronica's hair, slid her hand from the brunette's cunt, and stepped around. She quickly got down on her knees, buried her face between Veronica's spread cheeks and tongued the young woman's anus with abandon. 

'Oh fuck, she's rimming me again' Veronica exclaimed. 'Ohhh, it's so good. She's so fucking good at eating my ass.' I watched transfixed as the blonde's face dived between the tanned, toned cheeks, her jaw muscles working away feverishly as she munched at Veronica's backdoor. I got down beside Anita, my face beside her's, so I could watch the pro in action. She turned briefly to smile at me, reached forward and dove her tongue into my mouth, kissing me roughly while her hands still had Veronica's buns spread apart. 

'You really want me to go to town on this little slut, don't you Mark? You really want to see me get depraved with her don't you?' 

The blonde dived back between the younger woman's cheeks, her long, sensuous tongue snaking out of her mouth, forward between Veronica's legs, and up between her shaven cunt lips. I craned my neck around Veronica's leg to watch Anita at work from the front, clearly seeing her sloppy tongue penetrate the woman's snatch over and over again, working the young porn model into a frenzy.

'Ohhh fuuuuuck' Veronica moaned. 'Somebody please give me some cock. I need my cunt to be filled.' 

Anita shifted her onslaught back to the brunette's rosebud, and I shifted back to watch Anita at work from behind. Her tongue massaged the young woman's anus, moving in long wet swipes from cunt, over her pink star, and right up her crack. Anita smiled over at me, as she ran her sloppy tongue over and over Veronica's ass, getting her whole butt slick with the combination of the brunette's cunt juice and the blonde's saliva. Then without breaking eye contact with me, the older woman start zeroing in on Veronica's anus, her tongue moving in small circles around and around the pink bud. Suddenly, she dove her face forward with a hard thrust, and I could tell from Veronica's sudden tensing that Anita had driven her tongue up the brunette's ass. Anita held her head at the model's anus, wriggling her jaw from side to side and working her tongue into Veronica's asshole.

'Ohh fuck me. She's got her tongue right up my ass' Veronica exclaimed, her eyes popping open. 'Ohhh yaaa, that's it. Run your tongue around my butthole, you little whore. Oh you're so fucking dirty. Just tongue my ass good, you little bitch.' 

I was kneeling, lubing my rigid dick and, after watching the scene in front of me for a few minutes, was now ready to go. I shoved Anita aside, and positioned my dick head at the young slut's anus, gave a quick push so it lodged its head into her ring. I grabbed both of her naked hips tightly and with one firm motion started sliding my cock into her tight rectum. The feeling was indescribable, as I watched the young brunette's head tilt back and her face clench under the onslaught of my cock in her ass. 'Ohhh, that's so big' she cried. 'Uummmgghhh' she moaned as my cock slowly but surely disappeared between the tight, tanned butt cheeks.

The sight of my lubed dick sliding between her brown tanned cheeks, her legs spread apart and her arms held helplessly above her set off a trigger in my brain. I knew I had to fuck her ass good before I came, and started to pull her hips back onto my cock, watching my glistening cock first slide into her young bunghole, then watching her ring suck at my dick on the outstroke. 

Anita meanwhile had dived around in front of the tied bitch, and started to munch at Veronica's sodden cunt. The younger woman was really starting to get off on this scene.

'Eat me, you little bitch. Eat my cunt while he's fucking my ass with his cock. Do you like seeing that big cock buried right up between my ass cheeks? Do you like seeing me be a little anal slut? Do you want to use me like this for the rest of the day?'

I could tell Veronica was enjoying this, and was probably ready to explode. I grabbed the brunette's hair roughly in one hand, turning her head to me, her face a sodden mess of sweat and ecstasy, and kissed her hard, rolling my tongue around her mouth, feeling my cock throbbing as it buried to the hilt up her tight greased asshole. It was so good, holding the slut's hair in one hand, while driving, rotating, thrusting my cock even further up her back passage. 

While thrusting my dick up Veronica's tight butthole, I saw Anita get to her feet, her face glistening with Veronica's cunt juice. 'How far is you cock up her ass, Mark?' she asked while stepping forward and embracing the brunette from the front, their sweaty breasts sliding against one another. She asked me her question, then started running her wet tongue over Veronica's face, sucking her lips, and probing her moist mouth.

'Right to the base, Anita' I replied. 'I've got my cock buried right to the base in this slut's tight asshole.'

'Is she tight, Mark? Is her ass squeezing your cock like mine did?'

'Ya, Anita, she's tight. And soon she's going to be tight and sloppy when I blast my load up her beautiful butthole.'

'Do it for me, Mark. Blast your cum up her tight ass, and I'll lick it out while she's still tied up.'

This was getting too much, and I quickly popped my cock out of the woman's ass, applied some more lube to my hard dick, and positioned it back at Veronica's rosebud. I readjusted my grip on Veronica's hips and with one long smooth stroke, ploughed my cock right up to the hilt in the slut's ass. The feeling was unbelievable, her tight walls gripping my cock as I started to plunge it in and out of her tight ring. Faster and faster I went, focusing on nothing now than the feeling of my cock enveloped in the young woman's tight chute. 

'Fuck her hard, Mark' Anita hissed while mashing her body against Veronica's tied form, her legs sliding around the brunette's, her cunt grinding against Veronica's well-muscled thigh. 'Oh, fuck I'm going to get myself off on this babe's leg' Anita moaned, her tits sliding over and over the tied woman's breasts, her head thrown back in ecstasy as she rubbed her cunt like a bitch in heat on Veronica's thigh. 

My fucking was reaching a fevered pace, as I ploughed my cock into Veronica's ass with slower yet firmer strokes. 'Oh god, I love fucking your ass!' I moaned. 'It's so fucking tight, I'm going to plough my cum right up your asshole , you little whore. Oh fuck, oh fuuuuccckkkk....'  With one last thrust, I buried my cock into the tanned ass between my hands, my whole body arching forward, standing on my toes as I lifted Veronica off the ground while thrusting my spasming dick into her tight anus. 'Oh fuuuccckkk meeee' I moaned as load after load of hot sperm blasted from my balls, through my cock and into the brunette's greased ass. 

'That's it Mark. Cum in her ass' Anita encouraged, having recovered from her own orgasm. 'Fuck her good and hard and shoot your spunk up her ass so I can lick it all out.'

With three last slow stokes, I finished emptying my cum into Veronica's butt, and slowly let her tight ring push my deflating cock out of her ass. Anita twisted around the tied woman, gave my dick a quick squeeze and dropped to her knees. She dove between Veronica's tanned cheeks, twisting her face into the slick mess, licking out the young slut's ass and sucking my sperm from her anus.

'Oh god, she's so dirty' Veronica exclaimed, feeling my hard cock slip from her ass only to be replaced by Anita's wet tongue. 'I never knew she was such a slut. I'm really looking forward to fucking her, Mark. I really want to treat her like a little butt slut she is.'

I stepped around in front of Veronica, slowly stoking my lubed cock with one hand and gently coming down from the fantastic experience of reaming her ass. 'Not so fast' I told her. 'I think Anita's got the upper hand here.' I gently massaged the model's stretched breasts, and rubbed Anita's cunt juice into her tied thigh. I slid my semi-hard dick between her cunt lips, feeling her slickness back and forth across the top of my dick. Anita had spotted the opportunity and reached her mouth forward to envelope my dick, sucking to the base and stroking it firmly with her mouth before turning her attention back to Veronica's dripping, tanned ass.

To be continued...