 I hold the door open and she steps inside and nervously clears her throat. "I know it's early, and you don't really know me, but," she hesitates, then blurts out, "But I desperately need to suck your cock." 

I won't even begin to try to describe my shock.

"It's not what you think," she offers quickly. "I really need to suck your dick! Like," she glances at her watch, "in about ten minutes. I could explain on the way." I have to laugh. "This I have to hear," I say, "Do I need my car keys? flowers?"

"No, nothing," she takes my hand and pulls me toward the door. We take the stairs to her floor, and she hurries me two doors down to the corner penthouse suite and into the door, still ajar from her apparently hasty departure to my place.

I follow her through the entry hallway and freeze in mid-step when we turn the corner into the living room. The room is bright with professional film lights positioned around a bed and sofa set in the middle of the room. Two professional video cameras are set on tripods at angles to the setting. A stunning redheaded woman stands naked except for an expensive looking thong. She steps forward with a subtle sweet shyness in her face but with loads of confidence and shakes my hand, "Jill," she says. "Pleased to meet you." She turns to Sheri, glancing at the clock, and says, "Whew! That's cutting it close. Is he...are you...willing...mmm, able?"

Sheri pulls me to the sofa and has me sit, taking both my hands in hers as though we've known each other for years. "Here it is. I am scheduled to deliver some hot sex footage today and my husband is stranded in Atlanta. I really need to suck your cock and swallow you, sort of messily," she looks at me questioningly. "The client wants it really messy and hardcore. We don't have to show your face if you don't want." 

She quickly adds, "Denys knows what I'm doing. He's seen you at the gym and around here and he is the one who has been suggesting we approach you about this anyway."

"Okay, with the understanding that I can review the footage," I say, feigning clearing my throat, trying my best to imitate weak scripts I've heard in porn videos, trying to lighten my numb reaction to his crazy scenario. 

"Great! Thanks so much!" she kisses me quickly on the mouth. "Can you maybe warm up some with Jill while I get ready?"

"How do you like your warm up?" Jill says sweetly, joining me on the sofa while Sheri scurries about setting up a camera. 

I'm not sure what knowing impulse suddenly grabs me, but I think I surprise Jill by simply grabbing her lithe body and lifting her into my lap and looking into her eyes. "Just looking at you is working great. Could I...may I...kiss you?"

"You could. You may." She says that with genuine interest, warmth almost.

This my first kiss with the woman who will become my wife. 

Our mouths melt together and dissolve into tongue fucking that sends chills down my entire body. I am vaguely aware that Sheri is back and positioning a camera for close-ups. "My God, that's hot," Sheri mutters. "Wow. Let's go ahead and shoot this first!" 

After several seconds of wet tongue fucking, I am bursting at my jeans, and I feel Sheri's hands unzipping me and pulling them from me. My fingers are already shaking as they make their way into Jill's thong, thrusting it aside and easing into her moistening pussy, shaved clean, oblivious to Sheri's tugging my shorts off. 

I gently play with her, open her cunt lips, then tease my way slightly inside her, coating my fingers with her pussy, twisting for more moisture. I find myself finger fucking Jill like we're teenagers on our first date, and I lose myself so entirely into this juvenile delirium it seems like no time at all until I feel her losing control. In seconds she tenses and gasps, and grabs my wrist. "Oh, God, I'm coming already! Fuck!" she moans, throwing her head back, staring at the ceiling a second, and she is over the edge, grinding her cunt into my fingers and flooding me with pussy. I stroke her firmly and evenly, guiding pressure all along her throbbing cunt walls, twisting my hand to put pressure on her clit as I fuck her.

"With just his fucking fingers!" Jill moans, falling back against the sofa cushion and looking through crossed eyes at Sheri, ignoring the running camera.

Through my raging hormonal haze, I notice Sheri easing back to just inches away with the camera to catch the scene as Jill makes her way down my chest to my straining cock and wraps her lips slowly around the head. I have never wanted to be sucked like I do now. 

Sheri hovers inches away, whispering directions. "Suck him slow, Jill. That's right. Let the spit run down the sides." It is clear her talking is designed to enhance the fucking rather than to direct because Jill needs absolutely no guidance. Using her hands as deftly as her tongue, Jill gently cups my balls and extends a finger beneath them to rim my ass. 

Now she is slobbering up and down my shaft, dragging spit and clear early cum up to the tip and swirling it around with her tongue. This is starting to take its toll. 

"When you come, let go completely in her mouth. Don't hold back. Flood her mouth." Sheri moves to a better angle. Suddenly I do let go. Jill draws me deep and is sucking firmly when I go over the edge. She quickly eases off and opens her mouth toward Sheri, looking into my eyes.

"Oh, my God, Jill," I whisper, and my dick convulses out of control and explodes onto her lips and tongue. She swallows once as my cum strikes the back of her throat and then lets it build in her mouth. Deftly showing her mouthful of cum to Sheri's camera, she takes my cock in her mouth, lips parted, and sucks me again, letting the semen spill out with each stroke, coating my dick with the rich, salty mess. I come in her mouth for what seems an eternity. 

Sheri doesn't want to stop filming. "Suck him off, Jill baby, eat his cum. That's so great! Yes. Swallow his cum. Fuck her mouth. Fuck your cum into her mouth! Push it around with your cock. That's it!"

I finally collapse back on the couch and watch mesmerized as Sheri keeps filming Jill's sloppy cum play. 

"Well," Sheri finally clicks the camera switch. "Jesus. We'll call that a take." 

Jill leans forward across me and pulls Sheri to her across my sloppy lap. Sheri willingly leans in, leading with her tongue, and delves straight into Jill's cum tainted mouth. They twirl their tongues together like serpents, eagerly soaking up my cum remnants mixed with their obviously frequently-shared girl mouth taste.

"So, what are you doing the rest of the weekend?" Sheri, asks, eyes sparkling. 

Without waiting for my answer she says, "Great. Now watch me get mine."

She rolls back and pulls her knees up to slide off her panties, fully and deliberately exposing her lower self to my eager eyes.

Jill is already sliding to her knees between Sheri's legs and dragging me with her, giggling that bad girl sound.