 Anita, one of the world’s top pornstars, and Veronica, a dark-haired porn model, continue to work for Mark on a week-long vacation in Hawaii.

***************


Later that evening, after a good kip and an excellent dinner, we were lounging around the condo, watching porn videos and slurping back some excellent local Hawaiian beer. I had forbidden the girls to wear anything other than stilettos, and so they were lying back on the couch naked, casually stroking their pussies and breasts, and occasionally leaning over to take my semi-hard cock in their mouth for a few languid slurps of its length. I too was naked, my cock growing at the thought of what was about to transpire.

Suddenly the doorbell rang, and the girls jumped to cover themselves, but I told them to relax, assuring them that I would get rid of the intruder. I grabbed a towel, wrapped it around my waist, and made my way down the long hallway to the door. I peeped through the spyglass to make sure, then opened the door to a tall, shapely blonde. She stood about 5'6, looked about 30 years old, had firm large breasts held tightly within her black cocktail dress. The tight material hugged her toned hips, and her tanned thighs extended down past smooth calves and into her black 6" stilettos. Her face was stunning, with her blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail and gloss red lipstick slightly over-applied to give her lips a full cocksucking look. She looked like she just stepped out of a Playboy magazine, and I knew I had got top value. 

'Hello, Mark?' she asked. I nodded. 'I'm Lisa from the agency. You wanted some company I believe.' Her look immediately brought to mind Jenna Jameson, the famous pornstar, with whom she shared more than a passing resemblance. Everything about the call-girl oozed class with just a touch of slut brought in, and I knew I was about to spend $5,000 very wisely.

'Excellent' I replied. 'Come on in.' I gently guided her down the hallway, thanking her for coming, and assuring her she'd enjoy our evening together. When we rounded the corner, she momentarily stopped. 'Oh my' she exclaimed when she saw the two pornstars lounging with their legs spread and their fingers idly stroking their moist cunts. Anita and Veronica too jumped for cover grabbing cushions to hide their embarrassment.

'Lisa, this is Anita' I said, motioning to the blonde, 'and this is Veronica. They're guests of mine. Now the agency assured me you were very open minded, and would be a most willing visitor for the night. I believe the fee is $5000 until noon tomorrow' I said pulling a wad of cash from the desk. I couldn't help but notice the call-girl's eyes focus in on the money.

'Um, yes, of course. I'd be happy to make this a great experience for all of you' the escort replied smiling. She looked around the room, looked back at the two girls, who were adjusting to the scene, slowly starting to get comfortable again while mentally exploring the possibilities of using this whore. Lisa took a deep breath and said 'Well, where would you like to start?' She started to reach for the cash but I pulled it back. 

'Open minded the agency said. I assume you'll live up to that commitment, Lisa. I assure you you'll leave here safe and sound, but until noon tomorrow, there will be no limits. Is that a deal?' 

'Of course. My clients always come first. I'll be your little whore until noon tomorrow, and I'm sure you won't be disappointed' she said. 'But I would ask that you don't leave any marks on me' I agreed and handed her the cash.

'Right. Let's get going then. Lisa, take off your clothes, leave your shoes on, then get on your knees and let me see you eat Veronica's cunt' I ordered. Veronica, with a gleam in her eye, shifted so that her ass was on the edge of the couch, her legs stretched out before her, her body leaning back against the cushions. The blonde-haired whore pulled her dress over her head as if she'd done this a million times, revealing her toned but curvy body with a set of large firm breasts and a crotch showing just a tuft of closely trimmed hair. She casually walked towards Veronica, got down on her knees, and lowered her head towards Veronica's wet cunt. The porn model reached up, grabbed the whore's hair, and ground Lisa's face into her cunt. 

'Just eat my pussy, you slut. Lick my wet cunt. I'm going to show you what being a whore is all about.'

I smiled at Veronica, knowing that she was creaming at the thought of fucking this beautiful woman. The thought of her completely using this whore for her pleasure for the next day had got her hot. 

My cock was turning to rock, so I let the towel fall away, and plunked down beside Veronica so I could see every slurp of Lisa's tongue on Veronica's moist cunt. With that, the prostitute's eyes looked up meeting mine, her pretty face a glazed mess with the model's juices. Her jaw muscles kept moving back and forth as she munched at Veronica's slick crotch, getting her fill of prime pussy. I casually stroked my cock, watching Lisa do her job.

Veronica was enjoying the situation, her left hand holding the whore's blonde ponytail, her hips grinding up to thrust her cunt into Lisa's experienced mouth. 'Mmmm, that's good. You eat good cunt for a local whore. Another few hours with you and you'll be a proper pro' the model hissed, gyrating her hips into the woman's face.

Anita too had been enjoying the show on the other side of Veronica, two of her fingers buried in her own snatch while her free hand roughly caressed her full, pert breasts. But I had something else in mind for her. 'Anita, be a dear and open that box over there would you' I said, motioning to a wooden crate in the corner. She slipped her fingers from her cunt, and offered them to Lisa. The blonde quickly detached her face from Veronica's cunt, and sucked Anita's slick digits into her mouth, her eyes locking on the pornstar's. 'Mmm, she's got a nice tongue, Mark' Anita sighed. 'I think you chose well.' 

She slipped her clean fingers away, and while Lisa went back to eating out Veronica's slippery cunt, Anita teetered over to the crate in her heels. Opening the box, her eyes lit up. 'Oh my god, there must be two-dozen different toys in here! Man are we going to have fun.' Inside was a wide assortment of dildos, vibrators, strap-ons, buttplugs and all manner of sex toys I had carefully selected. 'Find the buttplugs, Anita, and bring one of the medium sized ones over here. And grab the KY' I instructed. 

She pulled out a healthy sized purple buttplug, it's base flared out so it could be safely lodged in any greased butthole, and held it up for me to inspect. I nodded my approval, and motioned her over. 'Now, let's give our guest something to moan about Anita. Lube up her ass, then slide the plug into her chute.' 

I waited for the beautiful call-girl’s objection, but it never came. This woman was a real pro, and knew every inch of her job. I nodded to Anita, who slid down on her knees behind the whore's upturned ass. She removed the cap of the KY, squeezed a dollop onto her two fingers, then starting massaging it into the woman's puckered anus. 

'Ohhh' Lisa exclaimed, lifting her head from Veronica's crotch. But before she could say anymore, the brunette yanked her hair hard back down between her legs. 

'Shut up you slut, and keep eating my cunt while Anita screws your ass. You're a paid-for whore who's going to be our toy remember, so no more fuck ups' she commanded.

With that Anita pressed her two fingers home, sliding them up to the second knuckle in the blonde’s tight ass. I could hear moans coming from Veronica’s cunt, but the porn model just held Lisa's face tighter against her box, smiling at the pleasure she was getting. 

Anita completed a few more strokes of her two fingers in Lisa's asshole, and then she quickly withdrew them, greased the buttplug and placed it against the hooker's anus. With a firm motion, she penetrated the call-girl’s voluptuous ass and started sliding the plug between the woman's firm cheeks and deep into her tight butt. With a slow twisting motion, Anita slid the plug and in and out of the whore's ass, getting the tight cavity used to the plug's size. Then with one last push, the plug popped completely into the woman's rectum and nestled between her cheeks, its base holding it securely in her asshole. 

The blonde hooker looked up at me, her gorgeous face glazed with Veronica’s juices. 'Is that what you like. You like my ass being filled while I suck this cunt?' she asked. 'I'll be your whore tonight. I'll get all of you off before we're done.'

'Back to it, bitch' Veronica ordered, pulling her roughly back down to her cunt. 

My cock was like rock now as I sat beside Veronica watching the call-girl suck her cunt. I called Anita over. She got down on her knees beside Lisa, took my throbbing member in her hand and started to suck my pole into her mouth. Anita knew her business too, and she used her wet sloppy mouth to surround my cock, sucking it ever closer to orgasm. 'Fuck, Anita, that's good. You're a good cocksucker aren't you.'  I pushed my hips up to her mouth, her wet red lips sliding over and over my pole. I was close to coming, and I wanted to make this shot a good one. 'That's right, you blonde slut. Keep sucking my cock. Make me come.  Help me spray my spunk all over the whore's face.'  

Anita sucked me deep one more time, then sensing my urge, slid her lips from my dick so I could shift my cock closer to Lisa's glistening face. Anita kept jacking my dick with one hand, then yanked the whore away from Veronica's snatch by the ponytail so that her face was just inches from my pulsing rod. 

This was too much for me and I grabbed my cock for a few last strokes before I blasted my spunk all over the hooker's beautiful face. Load after load erupted from my dick, coating her face and hair with wads of cream. Lisa's blue eyes looked up at me as I jacked the last few strings from my cock, emptying them on her lips. Coming down from my cum, I rubbed my semi-hard dick around the hooker's face, massaging my spunk into her cheeks, over her red lips, even up over her forehead and into her blonde hair. I finally pressed my cock between the woman's lips. 'Suck me clean you little whore' I ordered her. 'I want my cock good and ready for our next game.'

After she washed my cock with her mouth, I flopped back on the couch exhausted, watching as Veronica pulled the whore's face back to her cunt. 'OK, now get me off, slut' she commanded. 'I want you to eat my cunt till I tell you to stop.' 

Anita hadn't got off yet either, and I thought it only fair that I give her some attention. I told her to come over, had her stand on the couch over me and pulled her cunt down over my face. Her cunt was smooth and tangy, her lips slippery and her bud inflamed as she ground her moist snatch over my mouth. 'Ohhh yaaaah' she maoned. 'Oh please fuck my cunt with your mouth, Mark.'

I extended my tongue, rimmed her anus, then started running my tongue from her rosebud right up through her meaty lips, finishing with a good lashing at her clit. As I completed a few more strokes, I looked up at her massaging her heavenly tits, her body hunched over driving her cunt onto my mouth, with the top of her head propped against the wall watching me suck her off. 'That's it, lick my cunt. Lick my cunt, and I'll let you fuck me hard. Ya, come on, tongue my clit. Rub your tongue over my ass and fuck my cunt with it' she hissed. I could tell she was close, focused my attention on her clit to drive her over the edge, then grabbed her hips tight to my face and held her jerking body as she spasmed for minutes around my cheeks. 

'Oh fuck that was good' she moaned, slowly disengaging her sodden twat from my shiny face. 'I really needed that.'

I looked over at Veronica and the call-girl, and saw the two of them reclined on the other section of the couch, slowly caressing their pussies as they watched the action. Veronica had the flushed look of a woman who had just been royally eaten, while Lisa's face was glazed with the model's juices. I could tell the call-girl was completely relaxed with this scene. The purple base of the buttplug poked out between her cheeks, as she slowly slid two fingers in and out of her wet snatch.

'Come here, Lisa’ I ordered her. 'Lick Anita's cream off my face.' As she did so, I reached down and inserted two fingers up her cunt. She was tight, a good asset for a woman who makes her living taking dick up her twat. And she was very wet. Despite her Playboy magazine looks, perhaps she was a closet cunt licker all along, and liked this part of her job. I was about to find out if the same could be said about her when it came to buttfucking.

She finished rubbing her sloppy tongue over my face, and stepped back, my fingers still lodged in her snatch. 'Time to check that ass of yours Lisa, but I need to get hard first. Let's have those lips of yours around my cock.'

Without hesitating, the woman gracefully got down on her knees, and took my dick into her mouth, skilfully twirling it with her tongue and sloppily sucking it around her mouth as her full breasts swayed gently to the rhythm. I could feel my cock starting to stir, the blood pumping back into the organ. I looked over her head, saw the beautiful curves of her round, tight ass, and dreamt about lodging my cock right up the woman’s rectum. 

Once I was completely hard again, I pulled her mouth off my cock, and motioned for her to get up. I guided her towards the rectangular coffee table in the middle of the room, and had her lie face down over the length of it, her arms over the front corners while she was bent at the waist with her knees on the ground. Her breasts squeezed out to the side under her, and I quickly circled the table, attaching her wrists and knees to carefully placed collars on the corner legs of the table. Now her body was helplessly exposed to me, and I intended on trying it out.

'Do you like getting your ass reamed by big cocks, Lisa?' I asked as I lubed up my dick while standing behind and looking down at her curved, tanned form. 

'Oh ya, I love a good buttfucking, Mark. I would love your cock deep in my ass, fucking me like a whore' the escort replied smiling back over her shoulder. 

I reached down and gently extracted the plug from Lisa's ass, and hunched down behind her. I lodged the tip of my cock at her tight puckered anus, then gave a short sharp push to pop the head through her ring. I slowly started to inch my cock up the whore's greased hole, watching as her ass seemed to expand to take my member. I kept the pressure up till I was buried to the hilt, my balls resting on her cunt lips. I stopped, enjoying the feeling of this five-grand-a-night blonde beauty’s tight chute throbbing around my engorged cock. She gave my dick a few squeezes with the muscles in her butthole, and peered over her shoulder.

'You're all the way in, aren't you?' she asked, taking pride in her ability to accept my girth up her tightest of passages.

I was revelling in taking the whore up the ass, but I wanted to see more. I looked over to see Anita and Veronica lying in the spoon position, the brunette behind the blond, her one arm around Anita stroking her tits, while the other snaked between the blonde's legs so she could idly massage Anita's cunt. Both were watching intently as I slowly started to swivel my dick around in the asshole I had rented for our play.

'Anita, pull that chair over in front of our toy here, and check out how she eats cunt' I ordered.

The tall blonde got up, sat herself on the chair and spread her legs at Lisa’s eye level. She shuffled forward and pulled the woman’s face into her slippery twat, closing her eyes and throwing her head back as the hooker’s mouth made contact with her wet cunt. 'Mmnnn, she knows how to eat cunt anyway' the pornstar smiled. 

I revelled in the sight before me: Anita slouched back in a chair, her large firm tits sloping off the side of her thrusting chest, her legs spread wide enabling the call-girl we had got for the night to suck her cunt while my cock was buried in the woman’s ass. I pushed my entire length deep inside the hooker’s undoubtedly well-used ass, burying it up her passage right to my balls. I flexed my cock several times, feeling the blood rush in and swell my member in the woman's asshole. She momentarily stopped eating Anita's cunt, looked over her shoulder and flexed her asshole back, her muscles squeezing my dick as she smiled over her shoulder. 'Mmmm, I love the feeling of your dick buried deep up my ass, Mark' Lisa moaned. 'I want you to give me a good fucking, and blast your load up my butt.'

I grabbed her firm, tanned ass cheeks and mashed them together around my cock as I started to stroke more insistently in and out of the whore's anus, the lube glistening on my cock as it was exposed on each thrust. I looked up to see Anita roughly tugging Lisa’s face into her cunt as she watched me intently as I started to screw the woman with increasingly long and rapid strokes. To get deeper access, I raised one leg up onto the table and skewered my dick into the blonde’s ass and started thrusting my hips faster. 

I knew a little talk now would send Anita over the edge. 'Do you like seeing me fuck this babe up the ass while she sucks your cunt Anita?' I asked her. 

'Mmmm, she's sucking my clit so well, Mark. Her nice red lips are slobbering all over my cunt. Uhhnnn, yaaaa. Suck my clit, you bitch. Make me cum, make me cum all over your nice whore face. Come on, come on, suck me you slut. Keep sucking. That's it, lick my clit, lick it with your wet slut tongue. Oh yaa, oh yaahhh, ooooohhhhhh....' Anita exploded, her body arching back, her hands grasping either side of the woman’s head and pulling it into her sodden cunt. She continued mashing Lisa’s beautiful face into her pink wetness as she went over the top, her juices gushing onto the whore's face.

'Oh fuck, that was good' Anita breathed, her chest rising and falling as she tried to catch her breath after her climax. I too was breathing heavily as I plunged my hard cock up the blonde’s voluptuous ass time after time. But my knees were getting tired, and I thought a switch of orifice would be in order. I looked over to see Veronica slouched back on the couch, her legs spread and crotch aimed toward us as she used her hand to massage her wet crotch. Her eyes were heavy-lidded as she watched the scene before her.

'Veronica, time for you to try out that black strap-on' I ordered her, as I slipped my greased cock from Lisa's tight rectum. I stood, grabbed a wet cloth, gave my cock a couple of quick rubs, and took up Anita's position on the chair, my cock three-quarters hard as the head brushed the whore's red lips. I looked down at the woman, her eyes meting mine, her gorgeous face a glistening mess from eating Anita's cunt. 'You're a good little hooker, aren't you?' I asked her. 'You'll do anything to get us off, won't you?'

'Mmmm, anything you ask' she breathed. 'I love getting used by strangers, and you guys are fucking unreal. I want you to keep using my body all night. Just keep thrusting that cock of your into my ass and cunt and mouth. I love it.'

With that, I thrust my dick between her lips, and she craned her neck forward to take it into her wet mouth. I started rhythmically thrusting my hips, forcing my cock in and out of her throat, enjoying the sensation of her professional tongue and lips on my hard dick. I could see Veronica adjusting the last buckle on her strap-on, a large black cock extending out in front of her, and watched as she greased it up with the KY lube. Then she took a bottle of baby oil and held it above the tied woman’s butt, letting it cascade over both tanned cheeks and down her crack and over her exposed cunt. Veronica put the bottle down and started massaging the oil into the hooker’s ass cheeks, squeezing the firm tanned ass between her hands, and probing the woman’s anus and cunt with her fingers and thumbs.
