 I let Anita and Veronica enter the condo before me. Having arranged for their hire for this unusual shoot at one of the porn industry's leading talent agencies, and having spent the last 6 hours flying from LA, we were all eager to get in and check out the room that was to be our home for the next week. The place was not disappointing.

It was spacious and bright, done out all in white, with a large L-shaped couch dominating the room. Outside the wall-to-wall windows was a large patio that overlooked the Hawaiian sands, complete with hot tub and pool. A quick look around confirmed that we were very isolated and that no one would be able to observe us over the next week.

Sure enough, my digital video equipment had arrived and was already set up at various angles throughout the entire condo, with each camera connected to the main server. I didn't want to have to bother with tapes and cameramen, so I had planned to have twelve cameras installed throughout, so that every moment would be caught on tape for later editing. Everything was going to plan.

"This place is fantastic" gasped Anita. "God, I can't believe this shoot. Come down here, live in luxury for a week, lounge around, get fucked and get paid. Most excellent."

"I know" said Veronica. "I just hope this genre takes off!"

Anita was one of the world's biggest porn stars, with blonde hair, a toned body with large tits, and a tight ass that would be seeing lots of action over the next week. She had stated off her career doing pretty conservative scenes, but was starting to loosen up and was ready to move onto doing anals interspersed with her regular girl/girl and boy/girl work. To the best of my knowledge she hadn't done any bondage, but that was about to change.

Veronica was one of porn's hottest models with long flowing dark hair, a beautiful face, a tight toned body with awesome tits and a tight ass. To the best of my knowledge she had never done any action. However, she just couldn't turn down the $50,000 contract for this video week, and jumped at the chance to make so much cash, even if it meant going beyond her established boundaries.

"Alright girls" I said, "why don't you get your bags up to the loft, get changed into something appropriate and come on down so we can get rolling. I'll get the server fired up and the cameras working." I watched as two of the finest, most fuckable asses in porndom sashayed their way up the open stairs that led to the loft above the kitchen and bathroom. As the girls disappeared up to the loft, I quickly changed into my shorts and checked over the equipment. Everything looked fine, so I grabbed a beer from the fridge, and made myself comfortable on the sofa waiting for the girls to reappear. I couldn't wait for the action to start, and my cock was already getting hard and starting to ooze pre-cum.

I wasn't disappointed when they started their way down. Anita led the way dressed in a tight pink spandex dress that ended just below her butt and held her magnificent rack firmly against her body. Her black thigh-high leather boots made the perfect combination. She slowly made her way down, while looking directly at me and licking her lips. "I can't wait to get to work on that cock of yours," she breathed. You and me both, I thought.

Veronica was right behind her, dressed in a tight leather bodice that left her tits exposed and was held up by two slim leather straps arcing around her breasts and tying behind her neck. Her black thigh high stockings were glued to her legs, and ended in a pair of 6-inch fuck-me silly stilettos. She reached the bottom looked me straight in the eye, and started to turn ever so slowly. It was only when she reached a quarter turn that I realised that her bodice was totally exposed at the back between her crotch and waist, leaving her whole ass open for play. My cock started to ache.

"How shall we start, Mark?" Anita asked.

"Let's have you both down on your knees and go to work on my cock."

No sooner had I asked than both porn stars were on the knees easing my shorts off and getting between my spread legs. Anita lowered her mouth to my rod, using her wet lips and tongue to slowly start easing it down her throat. "Oh god, that's good," I gasped. Her head bobbed once or twice slowly sucking my length into her wet mouth. She looked up at me, slid her mouth off then shifted by dick towards Veronica's waiting mouth. "Mmmm, it's good Veronica" she whispered. 

Veronica looked me straight in the eye and ran her wet tongue right from the base of my balls, over my sac, between my nuts and right up the underside of my cock. She repeated this three times then sucked my entire length into her mouth, and bobbed slowly up and down my length. 

"Does that feel good?" asked Anita. "Do you like having this little slut sucking your cock?" With that she grabbed it away from Veronica and throated me right to the base, sucking my dick with her moist mouth. I couldn't stand it any longer, grabbed her hair and started fucking her mouth, thrusting my cock between her wet red lips, watching her tongue slobber around my dick.

"Oh fuck that's good," I gasped. "I'm going to fuck your mouth, you little whore. Do you like me fucking your mouth like a little slut?" I grabbed her hair, pulling it together in a bunch and holding it with my left hand, jerking her mouth up and down on my cock. 'Uhmmm, you're a good cocksucker, Anita.' I moaned.

Veronica was not to be left out. She straddled Anita from behind and reached around to squeeze her breasts, grinding her cunt on Anita's ass. 'Oh it's good watching her suck you off, Mark' she whispered. 'She's does great head doesn't she?'

I was close to coming, but didn't want to blast my load just yet. 'Let's see how well you'd do with a set of wet lips in your mouth, Anita. Let me see you get Veronica off.' I didn't have to ask twice. Veronica quickly spread herself across the floor, and Anita practically dove in to her cunt, using her moist mouth to smother Veronica's crotch. 'Oh god, she's a good cunt licker.' Veronica hissed. 'Oohhhhhhhhh, gaawwwwd. She's sucking my cunt Mark. She's going to make me cuummmm.' 

Anita knew her stuff, and I enjoyed sitting back on the couch, legs spread, stroking my cock and watching two of the hottest porn sluts go to work on each other. Veronica was arching her back, trying to drive her cunt harder into Anita's mouth, her dark hair a tangled sweaty mess across her face. The blonde was face down on the carpet, her legs spread and ending at her delectable ass, grinding her face into Veronica's cunt. She looked up at me, her face from nose to chin glazed with Veronica's cunt juices. 'I'm going to turn her over' Anita said. 'I want to do her from behind. Wouldn't you like that Mark?' Just the thought had my cock throbbing in my hand. 

I watched as Veronica flipped over, and arched her hips up, leaving her sodden cunt and ass exposed through her leather bodice. Anita barely paused before diving back in, dragging her tongue from the younger woman's clit, up between her swollen cunt lips, and up over her puckered anus. 'Want to see me eat her ass?' Anita asked. 'I bet she'd like that. I think she really wants to get anal this week.' I watched fascinated as Anita rimmed the brunette's anus, circling her rosebud while looking straight at me. She circled and probed, her moist tongue lubing the young woman's butthole, driving her to ecstacy. 'Ohhhhh, gawwwd that feels so good. Make me cumm Anita, pleeeaaase. Shove your tongue right up my tight ass. Just ream me with your wet face' she panted. Anita went into overdrive, sliding two fingers into Veronicas tight snatch and popping her thumb into Veronica's butthole. She pumped her hand back and forth, intent on putting the porn model over the edge. 'Oh yessss, oh yesss. I'm going to cuuummm. Don't stop, just keeeep fuuucccking me......' Veronica's ass pumped back at Anita's hand, faster and faster, her face and shoulders flat on the carpet, her face twisted in ecstasy as she reached her climax. 'Oh gaaawwwddddd. Ummmmmm yaaaaaaaa' she moaned. 'Fuck me like a slut, oooohhhhh.' Her body tensed, her ass high in the air as Anita drove her fingers into the depths of the tanned woman. 

Gradually she came down, all the while Anita kept popping her thumb in and out of the younger woman's anus. 'God....that was so good. So good...' Veronica sighed, her contented face dripping with sweat as she smiled at me. 'But it looks like you need some attention now, Mark.'

Watching this scene had indeed got my cock at almost breaking point, and I wanted my first cum with these sluts to be memorable. Watching Anita's anal antics had put me in the mood for some buttfucking. Veronica's tanned tight lubed ass was still sticking up in the air, practically begging to be reamed, but I thought Anita might need some attention after her exertions. 'Why don't you take some of this lube here, Veronica, and get Anita's ass nice and ready for me' I told her. 'I think poor Anita needs my cock up her tightest hole.'

Anita looked slightly shocked. 'Don't you want to fuck my cunt first?' she asked. 'Hey, it's my movie, and I've been dying to fuck your ass ever since I saw your first porn flick. Are you up for it?' I asked her.

'If it's my asshole you want, it'll be my asshole you'll get' she smiled. She shifted back on her knees, pointing her ass right at me. Veronica moved around to the side, taking the lube in her hand and squeezing a dollop onto Anita's sphincter. 'Oh that's cold' Anita gasped. Veronica used her index finger to spread the lube around Anita's anus, then gently pressed against the centre of her rosebud till it yielded to the pressure. I lubed up my cock, stroking it to rock hardness, watching intently as Veronica's first knuckle, then second knuckle, then whole finger disappeared inside Anita's asshole. 'Uhhmmm, that's nice' the blonde sighed as the younger woman twisted her digit around Anita's back passage.

'Let's see another finger, Veronica' I commanded. She pulled her first finger out, lubed up the pair of them with her free left hand, and then gently pressed them both up against Anita's relaxed anus.

'Phew. That's a little more' the blonde exclaimed. 

'Gently, Veronica.' I coached. 'Let her get used to it. Just slide back and forth a little bit and let her ring expand.'

'Mmmmm that feels good' Anita sighed. 'Just do more of that. Do you like sliding your fingers up my ass, Veronica? Does it feel good?' 

'Your ass is so tight, baby. It's just gripping my fingers' the brunette replied.

'Keep sliding them in' Anita told her. 'Bury them right up my butt. I want to take that big cock up my ass and milk it dry.'

I was reaching a fever pitch. Here I was stroking my cock to full hardness, watching two of the world's hottest sluts, one on her knees in just her thigh high boots, her face and shoulders pressed against the cream carpet looking back at me smiling, while the tanned brunette patiently slid two of her delicate fingers up the blonde's tight ass. Could it get any better than this? I thought I'd find out.

I shifted forward on the couch, till I was perched on the side, and nodded to Veronica that I was ready. She slowly slid her two fingers out from Anita's dripping anus, and I watched as the blonde's sphincter closed around Veronica's fingertips when they slid out. 

'Slide back Anita' I ordered her, grasping her hips and pulling her back towards my cock. 'Veronica, lube up my dick so I can fuck this porn slut's butt.' The brunette poured some lube over my dick, grasping it with two hands and jacking it to full throttle. 

'Ok, place my cock against her ass. Now push back Anita. Let me see you fuck yourself on my dick.' Veronica held my cock in position with two hands, while Anita pushed back against it. My dickhead was squashed by the pressure, trying to go sideways, but Veronica held it in place. Suddenly the tip penetrated Anita's ring, and started to slide in. 

Inch by inch it disappeared as Anita gently rocked back against my cock. 'Ooohhh, Ohhhhh that's so big. Fuck, it's just filling me up' Anita moaned.

'Keep pushing' I ordered her. 'I want to see my cock lodged up your tight greased asshole.'

She increased the pressure till my dick started to slide deep into her smallest passage. Inch by inch it disappeared, her ring squeezing every vein tight as my dick penetrated her asshole. Slowly, she kept working at it, her face screwed tight on the carpet as her firm ass pushed back against my hard cock. With one last push from her hips, my dick was buried up to the hilt in her tight asshole. 

'Just hold it there, Anita. I want to get used to the feeling of being balls deep in the rectum of one of the world's most beautiful pornstars.' My cock felt like it was in a tight moist vice, and I could feel her asshole throbbing around my hard dick, massaging it with her tight anal muscles. 

'Jeez, that feels so good' Anita smiled. 'I want to feel you fuck me now.'

I started to grind my cock in slow circular motions, leaving it buried deep up her ass. 'How does that feel, you little slut? Do you like my cock up your tight, lubed ass?'

'Oh, yeah, it feels good. Do you want me to be a little anal slut for the rest of the week? Would you like to fuck my ass just like this whenever you want?'

All this talk was making me hot, and I started to pump my cock in and out of Anita's ass a little more. 'Yaaa, you little anal queen. I'm going to fuck your tight ass all week. And Veronica's going to help me. She's going to keep your ass nice and greased for me so I can have it whenever I want. Would you like that? Do you want me to grind your ass all week?'

'Come on, Mark. Cum in my ass. I want to feel your cum deep in my bowels. Drive your cum right up my ass. Come on fuck me like the little whore I am. Get over here Veronica. Let me eat your ass while this stud pumps my butt. Get on your knees and spread those cheeks.'

This was too much. I grabbed Anita's hips and started to pound faster, watching Veronica laying facedown, her butt high in the air while Anita smothered herself in the brunette's ass and cunt. I alternated between matching my rigid cock slide in and out of the blonde's sphincter, and watching the same chick rim the anus of the tight brunette on her knees in front. It was too much. With one last grunt, I buried my dick up to the hilt and let loose a blast deep into the blonde's passage. 'Ooohhhhh yaaaahh. Uggggghhhhhh.' I cried as I felt my jism bury itself in Anita's rectum. 

'Ohhh fuck, ohhh fuck, yaa, shoot your spunk up my ass, Mark. Treat me like your whore. Just use my tight wet ass.' Blast after blast exploded from my cock into her tight asshole. Her passage contracted, squeezing my cock in it's warm greased vice. 

Slowly I came back to earth, and saw Veronica flipped over and sitting spread legged, while she fingered her sopping cunt. My dick was still buried in Anita's ass, and the blonde was arching around, looking at me. I gently slid my dick in and out of Anita's ass a few more times, savouring the tight feel of her ass mixed with my spunk. Slowly, I pulled it out inch by inch and watched it pop from Anita's ring. 

'Fuck that was good' I said looking at the blonde still face down with her freshly fucked ass still high in the air, oozing cum out it's pink centre. 'I can hardly wait for round two.'