 Growing up as a tomboy had both advantages and disadvantages and from time to time it was really hard to tell which fell in to which category on a daily basis. At least that was how Tiana felt as she stepped out of her house and looked around at her friends of well over a decade.

Starting with the disadvantages of being a tomboy was she didn't have any female friends. Girls just never quite got into anime and certainly not into video games. There was the part about her being smaller and weaker than most of her friends. As much as she wanted them to treat her like there was no difference between them there was a difference and it was obvious when ever things got more than a little physical. There was the fact that she couldn't get a date. That was because she wasn't a lesbian, she craved cock but she'd done a great job over the years of convincing the guys that she was one of them. Most of them thought of her as a brother and the ones that didn't had her pegged as a little sister. Either way made her strictly off limits sexually. 

There were perks though. One of them was that unlike most eighteen year old girls Tiana, usually called T by her friends didn't wonder what men (or at least boys her age) wanted in a girl. She knew because she had been with them watching Anal Princess Diaries, Gangbang Girl and dozens of their favorite porn titles. There was the fact that nobody on campus could even suggest she was a slut without losing a tooth (actually Jimmy didn't lose a tooth. He swallowed it when Aaron punched him. He'd ended up trying to climb through a fence to get away from him.) That was kinda nice. 

Today though Tiana was simply abusing the reality of things. Reality was that a nineteen year old female is a woman no matter how she acts. There aren't a lot of ways to make it one hundred percent clear to a bunch of boys that you aren't a boy but stepping into a yard wearing a snug red with white polka dots string bikini was a good start. Even better when the tiny cuts of cloth didn't so much cover her breasts as pull them together and proudly display them. She normally wore painfully tight sports bras but not today, she wasn't aiming to be one of the guys. That's why the swim trunks she normally favored were replaced by a triangle of cloth big enough to accomplish its only real goal. It made sure they knew she shaved down there. It didn't actually cover anything and what little it did cover was revealed as soon as she dove into the pool. "How do you like me now?"

She had been hoping for a vocal response but that wasn't what she got. Instead she got what she should have expected from a bunch of barely out of high school boys who were either virgins or on their first girlfriends. They were standing around staring slack jawed like they really hadn't known she was a girl beneath the sweats and the sweat. There was something about each of them that wasn't slack and that was what Tiana was most interested in. 

Without speaking a word she grabbed two of her friends by their cocks and led them to the shallow end of the pool. One of them she guided up the stairs and out of the pool the other she let remain in the water. Her hands slipped into their trunks stroking both of them off as she smiled. "Say my name." Tiana whispered looking up at Bret.

Bret had been one of her best friends, probably her very best. He was the one who'd taught her to throw a football and play Tekken. He was also the one sitting on the edge of her pool with his trousers half way down her thighs. "T." He whispered. Tiana had leaned forward close enough that he could feel her breath on his cock. 

"That's not my name." She turned to another boy tugging his trousers down and leaning against him. She captured his ear lobe in her teeth chewing it playfully. "Do you know my name?" She whispered. If he knew her name he couldn't actually form enough intelligent words in a row to let her know. Everything that wandered from his lips was pure babble. "Guess today is your lucky day Bret. What's my name?"

"Tiana!" He hissed. That was the answer the amber skinned blonde was looking for and she rewarded him by wrapping her lips around his hard cock bobbing up and down as their friends stared in awe. 

The awe lasted only a few moments though before a pair of hands came up behind her and untied the top of her bikini. Just the back part so they could cup her bare breasts, leaving it hanging around her neck as a reminder of just how nude she actually was in. Her bikini bottoms didn't fare nearly as well, they were just yanked off all together and left to float on the surface of the water while fingers started working their way into her pussy. Part of her felt like she was supposed to fight against the man pulling her clothing off but she knew that wasn't really what she wanted so she didn't. Instead she wriggled her hips back against him to make sure he realized he was doing everything exactly right.

Only a few minutes passed but when they were gone Tiana was filled from both ends. To make things just a little dirtier there were boys, two more in total, more than she could hope to handle even if she let them take her "virgin hole" at once and they were insistent in taking every inch of her that they could. Tiana realized that she was only half in control of the situation because she didn't fight at all as her friends lined up behind her. The only thing that she was interested in was Bret's cock in her throat. 

Tiana didn't care that the boys were using her or rather that they thought that they were. She loved the feeling of that much hard cock pumping between her thighs. She loved the idea that they were thinking of her as a woman, and treating her as a woman if only for a single day she wasn't a boy! "Harder!" She whimpered around Bret's cock. He was the only one she wanted to be sure enjoyed this, the others, well they were just along for the ride anyway. 

They definitely weren't unwanted. Tiana had longed for this for years. It was probably the effect of being a woman who grew up with boys but never forgot that she was a girl. Those women in the porn videos were her princesses. She grew out of the phase of frilly dresses and Prince Charming on horseback when her friends had started watching porn. From then on she dreamed only being an Anal Princess or a Bukakke Queen. Part of her thought there was something wrong with her but most of her simply didn't care. She had never been sure if she was right until then. Then with two cocks shoved in her body she knew that she was right and this was how she wanted things.

Eventually the men worked up a steady beat pushing her forward on Bret's cock forcing her to take as much of him as she could handle without gagging and the back onto another friend until his balls brushed the back of her thigh. The group of them started picking up speed sloshing the pool water around them soaking the concrete walkways. 

Bret was the first one to cum flooding her mouth with semen gagging her badly. It was silly, she wasn't a virgin she knew how it worked but she'd never sucked a man all the way off before and the sudden spurt caught her off guard a started a brief fit of choking. There was a slight pause in the action as she caught her breath and a new man took Bret's place. By that point the boys were all worked up and it was easy to get the rest of them and herself off.

Tiana didn't stick around to bask in the glow of her orgasm for long though. Instead she kissed them all thanking them and then ran inside. A few minutes later T arrived in a pair of swim trunks, and a t-shirt that covered a chest crushing sports bra and gave and cannon balled into the pool with the rest of her friends.

"Happy Birthday T!" Bret called swimming over and wrapping an arm around his best friend before slugging him on the arm. "Man you won't believe this shit. She's lucky you weren't here cus you would have taken her in the ass." T smiled and dunked Bret under the water. It was good to be one of the guys.