 An hour later, Rebeka walked into a large open room. Lights were set up throughout the room, most focusing on the large four-poster heavy wooden bed. Dark blue satin sheets were on the bed, but the top sheet was missing, leaving only the single sheet tucked on the mattress.

She turned to Roberts, who had stopped next to her, giving her a moment to look around the room.

"As long as you have no objections, we would like to videotape a single scene of you. This more of a trial shot for you. We will keep the footage, but if you so choose, afterwards you may leave without any further obligation. You'll continue to receive payment for the one shot. However, if you decide this is something you would like to continue doing, you will receive a contract for your work. Does this sound alright?" he said.

After taking one final look around, she took a deep breath and nodded yes. "That sounds good to me," she said, her voice husky.

"Okay then. We'll head on over to the testing center and get everything set up."

Rebeka sat nervously on the edge of the chair in the office of the doctor the studio hired to do all of the testing for its actors and actresses.

"Okay, Miss Connors. It's all really very simple. We simply draw some blood in order to test you for any diseases that may prevent you from being able to work. We don't want anyone getting sick, now, do we? We test for HIV/AIDS, syphilis, that kind of thing. We also need to arrange for your birth control. You're required to remain on a form of birth control during your entire time as a actress in the films."

She nodded and he motioned for a nurse to come forward and start drawing her blood.

"Well, I just wanted to let you know that all of your blood-work has been returned and you're totally clean, so we can get started anytime you want," Roberts said over the phone two weeks later.

"Okay, that's great. When did you want me to come in for the shoot?" she asked, her stomach fluttering with a combination of nerves and apprehensiveness.

There was a slight pause and she could hear pages resulting over the phone line. "How about in a week? Say, next Thursday at 2 o'clock pm?" he said.

"Alright. I'll be there."

"Good. Oh, before I forget. We ask all of our actors their preference on condoms. Now everyone is tested monthly for any sexually-transmitted diseases and the like and all of our girls are on birth control, but some still prefer that a condom is used. We do ask that while giving blowjobs, the condom is removed. So do you have a preference?"

She paused. "Well, I don't really know much about that stuff. Is there a difference in the, um, actual process?"

"Most of our girls like bare skin, and all of our boys prefer it. They say it makes the job more real to them, plus it makes it feel even better."

"Okay, I guess I'll do it without. I'd like to try it that way at first at least."

"Alright. That's great to hear. So I'll see you on Thursday."

"Okay."

Rebeka walked onto the set Thursday afternoon. Nervously shifting her weight on her heels, she slowly surveyed the room. It was generally set up the same as her first time there, but the sheets had been replaced with pure white satin sheets instead. A small crew was gathered around a table in the corner, some eating food from the table, others just standing around talking.

Roberts saw her and quickly walked over. He quickly glanced over her body. She wore tight jeans, so faded they were almost white, that cupped her tight ass, highlighting the soft mound of her pussy. A plain white t-shirt hugged her pert breasts, the tight fabric clearly showing that she wasn't wearing a bra underneath. The neckline came down in a slight V, showing the top curves of her breasts.

"I do like your outfit, and I may have to use it in another scene sometime, but for today, I need you to go with Sandra and get into costume and make-up." He motioned to an older woman standing slightly behind him.

Sandra smiled and motioned for Rebeka to follow her to a corner of the room.

"Okay, the deal with your scene is that you're this spoiled little rich girl and you're in your room one morning and some of the guys who work around the house come into your room and gang-rape you. You're supposed to be a tease that never puts out, so you're still a virgin. At first you try and fight back, but by the end, you're lovin' every second of it. You get the idea?"

"Yeah. Doesn't seem that difficult. How many guys are there going to be?"

"Three."

"And they're all gonna rape me?"

"Yeah. They're each gonna "break in a hole". One will fuck your mouth, one your pussy, and then one your asshole."

"Won't that hurt?"

"They'll make sure that they get you prepared. Trust me, you'll love it."

Sandra turned around and held out a lacy white nightie. "Okay, now put this on."

Looking around, Rebeka pulled her shirt over her head, her breasts pushing forward and unbuttoned her jeans, dropping it all into a pile on the floor. She pulled on the nightie, shimmying her hips so that it fell into place.

"Yummy," a deep voice behind her said. She turned around, her face blushing as she faced the hottest guy she'd ever seen before.

He held out his hand, his lips curving into a rakish smile. "Clark. And you are?"

"Rebeka," she replied shaking his hand.

"Ah, the new star. I'm your second rapist for today's shoot. I definitely look forward to taking your cherry," he said winking as he surveyed her body. The nightie was almost sheer and tightly cupped every curve of her luscious body. It was cut low on her breasts, her tight raspberry nipples pushing against the fabric, clearly visible. The hem ended just under her ass, cupping her tight buttocks. As she moved, the hem slid up, revealing the outer lips of her smoothly shaven cunt around her tiny white thong.

He pulled her up against his body, and leaned over. His lips roughly met hers, his tongue pushing between her lips. Her mouth opened and his tongue slipped in, foraying with hers. She caressed his mouth with the tip of her tongue. His arms came around her, pulling her tight against his hard body. She could feel his erection pressing against her hot pussy. As they continued to kiss passionately, his rough hands came up under the nightie to cup the twin globes of her ass, lifting her up so that her cunt rubbed right against his hard cock.

Slowly he eased her back onto her feet, and bent, lightly biting her nipple through the nightie. "I'll see you in a little bit."

Half an hour later, everything was ready for the shoot.

"Okay, Rebeka, we'll take it slow at first. Just listen to the director, and beyond that just go with the flow," Roberts said.

Rebeka climbed up onto the bed and laid back against the pillow.

"Lie on your side. Yeah, just like that, spread your legs a little more. Perfect. Now, rub your stomach with one hand. Lightly, just in smooth circles. Good."

Following the instructions, Rebeka turned onto her back and arched her back, stretching. The movements pushed her tits forward, the fabric straining as her breasts threatened to come out of the top.

Suddenly, the fake door of the set came crashing open, and three guys came in, closing and locking the door behind them.

"Wh-what are you doing here?" she asked, sitting up. One of the guys came forward and pushed her back down onto the bed, straddling her stomach.

She shrieked, and began to struggle harshly. He quickly clamped a hand over her mouth, the hand going to her throat. "Keep fighting, chickie, and I'll just choke ya until you can't no more, got it?"

Her struggles ceased, her frightened eyes jumping between her assailants.

"You gonna stop fighting now?"

She nodded slowly.

"Good." He released the pressure on her throat and removed his hand from her mouth. "Now don't make a sounds or I'll hafta gag you."

He slowly looked her over, grinning as he saw how her nightie had ridden up during her struggles. Roughly, he ripped the nightie off her body, throwing it onto the ground beside the bed.

He pushed her back and cupped her tits in his rough hands, stroking them with harsh deliberate movements. He bent his head down and caught a tight pink nipple between his teeth. Biting down on the hard nubbin, he continued his caresses of its twin. A whimper escaped her throat as two hands found their way between her legs, spreading her thighs wide against the bed. Two fingers found their way between the lips of her pussy, and stroked down the entire length of her sex.

A guttural laugh sounded in the room. "Hey, Charlie, the bitch's already getting wet. Maybe she gets turned on when guys play it rough," the guy between her legs said.

"Well, lets see how rough she likes it." The third guy stepped forward, his pants joining her torn nightie on the floor. He kneeled at the head of the bed and caressed her lush lips with the head of his already swollen cock. "Here ya go, baby, go ahead and give daddy a blowjob."

She turned her head away from his dick. "Bitch." He slapped her hard across the face, his palm leaving a red mark on her cheek. "I said suck it."

Reluctantly, she opened her mouth, letting his hard cock slid between her lips. She licked his entire length, following the hard ridge along the underside of his meat. "Ah, yeah, that's it baby, suck it for daddy. Those lips were made for suckin down hard cocks," he moaned as she began to get more accustomed to giving head, her tongue twirling around the head of his cock.

The two fingers between her legs began to rub faster along her pussy. Each time, the fingers would slow and rub her hard little clit. Her hips began to jerk, trying to keep his fingers on her clit a little longer each time. She moaned as her arousal began to raise, the vibrations on his cock sending "Daddy" into a fury.

Her pussy was so wet, the man began to lick up some of the sweet juices with long deliberate swipes of his tongue. The caresses of his tongue against her clit made her increase the pace of her mouth bobbing up and down on Daddy's cock.

"Oh, god, Drake, whatever the hell you're doin down there keep it up, the bitch is goin after my cock like its her last meal," Daddy groaned, as his cock began to ooze pre-cum, covering her lips and down her chin.

Charlie resumed playing with her tits with renewed vigor, the teasing bites and long licks on her nipples, getting her even hotter. She took Daddy's cock into her throat, fighting past her gag reflex as the 8 inch cock forced its way deep into her mouth. 

"Oh, shit. I knew you were fucking made to give head. Yeah, just like that baby. Oh, fuck, I'm almost there. Just a little bit- OH GOD." He began to cum, long spurts of jism filling her mouth, and dribbling down her lips. "Yeah, baby, swallow that cum. You know you like it. I bet you're about to come just from that shit." He stepped off the bed, jerking his cock with one hand and causing several wads of cum to coat her chest.

"Yeah, slut, let's see how you take some real meat up in that hot cunt of yours," Drake said as Charlie slid off her stomach. He pushed her legs up, her pussy coming up to meet his cock, poised at her entrance. She moaned as he buried his entire length into her snatch in one thrust. She felt her cherry rip, and the sensation of his cock between her legs sent her to her third orgasm. He continued to fuck his cock in and out of her pussy, her virginal blood mixing with his pre-cum. Their lips met and their tongues caressed each other, sending each closer to orgasm.

"Fuck, yeah." He flipped over, pulling her on top of him. She moaned as her weight bearing down pushed his cock up into her to his balls.

"Oh, please, oh, oh, ple-ease!" she moaned as she approached yet another orgasm.

"You like that, slut? You like it on top, dontcha? C'mon answer me. You just wanna ride me like a fuckin stallion, dontcha?" he whispered hoarsely into her ear.

She moaned as her hips pounded on his cock. "Oh, fuck, yeah. I wanna fuck your brains out. I wanna ride you like a fucking stallion. Oh, god, yes!"

"Yeah, slut, just like that."

Suddenly, his hips jerked, and he came deep inside her, coating her pussy with his cum. He reached down and played with her clit, circling it with rough movements of his hand. She moaned as she came violently. "Oh, oh, OH!"

"That's my good slut," he said, sliding several fingers into her pussy and scooping out several globs of cum. He slid his fingers into her mouth and watched as she delicately licked his fingers clean.

"Yeah, yeah, now it's my turn," Charlie said. He pushed Drake back a step and climbed onto the bed in front of Rebeka. "Okay, chickie, get on your hands and knees with that hot little ass up in the air."

She quickly complied, her tits shaking with her jerky movements.

He came up behind her and slid his hard cock right up into her pussy. She gasped as the tip of his cock rubbed against her g-spot at the top of her sensitive sex.

"You like that chickie? Yeah, I can tell ya do. Well lets see how ya like this." He pulled his dick back, and scooped several globs of cum cocktail oozing out of her leaking pussy. He rubbed the cum onto his cock, mixing it with the pussy juice already coating it. With a smile, he slowly pushed a finger against her tight rosebud asshole. Rebeka arched her back, moaning as he pushed his finger into her tight ass up to the first knuckle, second knuckle, and finally all the way in. She began to rock her hips as he twisted his finger deep in her butt.

Slowly he began to add a second finger, than a third. Drake stepped back up to the bed, and rubbed his limp cock-head around her face. Her mouth opened, as she turned her head trying to capture his dick in her mouth. Finally, he allowed her to lick his hard meat, her little pink tongue following the ridges and veins of his quickly-growing dick. "Yeah, slut, lick it. You're so fucking hot, I bet you can't wait to get some hard meat up in you."

As he spoke, her arousal grew, and she swallowed his cock deep into her throat. "Hell yeah. I knew you were a dirty little slut. C'mon, tell me you're a dirty little slut. I wanna hear you say it."

She pulled back, her hands replacing her lips on his cock as she jacked him off. Her moans increased as Daddy slid onto the bed under her and began to lick her leaking pussy, paying special attention to her tight little clit. "Oh, OH. Yes, oh god, YES!"

"C'mon, slut, tell me."

"I'm a dirty little slut- OH- I'm a fucking slut. Oh, fuck me. Just fuck me with that big fucking cock. Shove it in my ass!" she screamed as the attentions to her pussy and ass increased.

Suddenly, the fingers at her still tight rosebud were removed, leaving her feeling empty. Before she could voice her need to be filled, they were replaced with the head of a huge cock. Without waiting for her to adjust to the much larger width, he shoved it in. She screamed as she came from the sensation of a cock bordering on 3 inches wide buried into her hot ass.

He only lasted for several deep thrusts, before her tightness pushed him over the edge. "Oh, FUCK YEAH." He yelled out as he came, spurting a ton of cum into her ass.

She waited only a moment before turning her ass towards Clark urging him to put his own cock into her aching ass. Not needing any further prompting, he quickly shoved his dick into her still stretched asshole.

He continued to drive his cock into her for several minutes, while she reached down and jacked off Daddy's cock. As he began to leak pre-cum onto her hands, she slid forward on his body and sat down on his hard cock, sending it up into her tight pussy. A chocked scream escaped her throat as she began to ease herself off his cock, then dropped back down.

"Ah, hell yeah, bitch. I knew you just loved bein' packed tight. Charlie, quit jackin off over there and shove your dick down her throat- I bet she'll go crazy with all of her holes packed."

Eagerly, Charlie came over and stood over her, wanking his cock in her face, brushing her lips with the wet head. Without any urging, she leaned forward and swallowed his cock in one move as far as she could. Encouraged by the moans from all three men, she rocked her entire body back and forth. The cocks pulled back and pushed forward in opposition, making it seem like there was one huge cock pushing through her entire body.

Soon, they all came, their orgasms ripping through them. Each guy spurted a load of cum into her various holes. She swallowed the cum in her mouth eagerly, licking up all the excess from his cock. Rocking her hips, she squeezed every drop out of the cocks buried in her ass and pussy.

She stood up, pulling the cocks out of her body, and licked them clean of all traces of cum. Reaching down to her pussy, she scooped out wads of cum, licking her fingers clean. Clark's fingers dipped into her asshole, then trailing strings of cum up her body, he began to rub his hands on her breasts, massaging it into her flesh with smooth movements of his hands. She moaned as the continued attentions to her ass and pussy along with her sensitive tits sent her up the edge to yet another orgasm. As she began to cum, Clark bent and kissed her pussy, stabbing his tongue into her like a small dick. Her back arched as he lapped up the pussy juices running down her pussy and onto her thighs.

He moved up her body and kissed her, their lips and tongues joining passionately as he shared her juices with her. As they separated, the director yelled, "CUT!"

"Okay, you guys. That was great. I've never seen an amateur take to it like you- especially with three guys at one time and being a virgin," Roberts said, coming up to the bed as the crew began to shut down the lights.

Rebeka smiled, now shy as she became aware of her surroundings. A light blush crept over her face as Clark draped an arm around her shoulders, playfully swatting at a breast, still wet with cum.

"Anytime you wanna practice, feel free to look me up," he said, winking.