 Max could not believe he was doing this…and he still didn’t have a clue as to why. Katie was crazy, that much he definitely knew. In the two months since they first hooked up, she would ask the most bizarre things of him and he’d do them without question. When she wanted a quickie in the rooftop express elevator of the tallest building in town, he had gotten it up. When she wanted to make out in a stall of the ladies room at the Mall, he was good to go. He told himself he appreciated her for her eccentricities but privately, he doubted her sanity. Her hormones just never died down and when she was hot, nothing was out of the question. Just getting her late-night phone call had gotten him stirring but now he found himself driving downtown to her office at nearly midnight on a Sunday. Her wish was his command.

By the time a nearby church clock signaled the new day, Max was standing at the front door of the insurance company where Katie worked, hoping a suspicious policeman didn't come driving down the street because he would have no earthly idea what to tell him. Soon enough, he saw Katie’s familiar blue Chevy park down the block and watched her get out…but she was not alone.

He walked up to meet the girls as they approached the office. “Hey! You ‘member my friend Betty?” Katie asked.

“Uh…yeah. Hi. What exactly is going on here?” he inquired while Katie checked the virtually deserted street for witnesses. She then unlocked the office door, turned off the alarm and the security cam and led the other two inside. On the way downtown, Betty had convinced herself, with a little help from her friend’s hand inside her panties, that she really was ready for her first fuck and that it didn’t matter who that was. While their smiling leader led them silently into the darkness of the basement breakroom, Betty surprised Max and herself by fondling his tight butt as they walked.

Finally, Katie clicked on the lights and announced her intentions to Max. “Betty is tired of being a virgin, honey. She needs a really good fucker for her first time and right now, you’re the best fucker I know so I decided to share you so we could make her first time the best!”

“Hey, look! I can’t just screw a girl I barely know just ‘cause you tell me to!, Max protested. “I mean, I don’t even have a condom!”

“Look, guys screw girls they barely know all the time. It’s a biological thing. And you don’t need a condom. She’s never been with ANYONE, remember? Consider it a present, lover! I give you a horny virgin and my permission…and her permission…to pop her. Do you know what most guys would do for that?”

Max knew she had a point. He was already oozing in his pants when the intended “victim” unzipped them and fell to her knees admiring the first cock she’d ever seen outside of PLAYGIRL. Katie laughed her most wicked laugh. “Don’t worry. I think Betty can get you in the mood.”

As in her recent lesbian encounter, Betty thrived on experimentation, using her tongue to explore every aspect of his prick, from the glans and the shaft to the sweaty balls. She savored the different fleshy flavors and the musky male smells. She gagged as she tried to go too far down on his cock on her first try. She realized that she’d need a lot more practice to do that but Max moaned appreciatively at the effort. 

While Betty worked diligently below, Katie had removed Max’s shirt and was playing in the hairy garden of his chest while they swapped tongues lustfully. By this point, Max knew that he was going to go along with this in spite of any better judgement he might have shown had he been stronger.

After awhile, Betty lay down on the leather couch in the breakroom and spread her legs wantonly, her eyes glazed with what looked to Max like pure lust. Betty’s body was thinner, less full then Katie’s but no less enticing. Her breasts were small but her nipples were big and already painfully hard. She held out her arms to him and he slowly mounted her.

“Wait, wait, wait! I get to do it!” Katie grabbed Max’s dick and began to tease Betty’s wet pussy with it as he hovered over her. Finally, their eyes locked and Katie literally slid Max into her friend. Max couldn’t believe the tightness of her virgin snatch and it took a few minutes of gentle pushing before he broke her hymen. He could tell when it happened by the sudden painful grimace on Betty’s face. From that point on, he slid all the way up her well-lubed passage so that his balls rested against her ass. Katie sat on the matching leather chair, giggling and rubbing herself like lightning as she watched her childhood friend’s deflowering. 

Max pushed himself in and out of the young woman’s pelvis. Her cunt muscles seemed to be trying to choke him they were so tight. He watched her face as her head twitched side to side, eyes closed and seemingly oblivious to his presence at this point. She murmured incoherently and moaned with each thrust.

Unable to take it anymore, Katie suddenly leapt up. “Hold it!” she yelled startling Betty out of her revelry. “Time to change positions, people.” She rearranged the duo to make room for herself. Now, Max was lying on his back on the couch with Betty straddling his groin and Katie lowering her silky snatch onto his face. The two girls traded long wet kisses as they leaned over the male meat below them, alternately bouncing to their respective pleasures. 

For his part, Max had no choice in the matter. He was forced to get the two girls off over and over, their juices draining down over his body. He let Betty do most of the work below the waist while he concentrated on licking Katie’s pretty pink flower. He loved the pungent aroma and the saucy taste. He could eat her for hours and still ask for more. 

Betty continued to work on developing an addiction to cock. The bulging veins, the engorged head, the bouncy balls and, best of all, that electric feeling that seared her mind and body each time he stabbed his wet red rod deep into her gut. She had never even imagined that she could feel like this!

As the architect of the scheme, Katie marveled at how much Betty was enjoying herself. All of Betty’s inhibitions had gone by the wayside and she stuffed her friend’s big juicy titties into her mouth as she continued to bounce on her first cock. All of a sudden, the chain reaction started.

“I….I can’t hold back anymore!” grunted Max into Katie’s lower lips. “I gotta! I gotta come!”

“Fill me up, baby!” Betty purred. “I wanna feeeel you squirting so deep up in me!”

Katie was a bit shocked by the sluttiness of Betty’s reaction but Max’s teeth nipping gently at her clit set her off, too. In the midst of all of this, Betty had discovered that her hands could nurture her own orgasm and all three of them moaned, groaned, grunted, howled and finally collapsed into a sweaty, giggly heap onto the plush carpet.

Betty’s hand never strayed far from Max’s dwindling member. “C’mon! Get it up. I want more!”

“Geez! I’ve created a cock-monster. Give him a little time, dear. Here. Let’s turn on the radio.”

The strains of Kool and the Gang’s “Ladies’ Night” were finishing up and the deejay’s deep voice came on with“1982 was the year for that one here on WBRO. You’re listening to Rockin’ Soul oldies with Mulanna. Any ladies out there feeling hot tonight? Mmmmmmmmm! I am. I wish you were here with me baby. The night is young and I don’t want to be lonely. We’ve got the Gap Band coming up on the other side of this commercial.”

“I love this music,” Katie said “and I always get so horny listening to Mulanna. Hey, wait a minute!” A wild and wicked plan was hatching in her mind. “Everybody get dressed. We’re gonna go down to BRO and make sure Mulanna’s not lonely tonight. You wanna try a black cock now, Betty?”

TO BE CONTINUED