 Chapter 5 of Paige, written in my POV. Hope you all enjoy. And don't forget to rate, comment, or shoot me some feedback. Thanks! :)

~ExR

"So you've gotten all settled in? Have you had anything to eat? Are you tired? Maybe you should just go to bed, all that traveling can wear a person out." I speed talk into the phone, wanting an answer from Corey, but at the same time not really giving him room to say a word.

"Honey, honey. Slow down. Take a deep breath. Now... I'll probably have something to eat and get right to bed in a little bit. Okay? Don't you worry." He says calmly, and inadvertently, calms me down a great deal.

I sigh, "sorry baby. Its just... This is the first time we've be separated from each other. I know its just 10 days but its going drag on like its a millennium. Besides, I miss you like crazy already."

"I miss you too hun. So very much. But this business trip is going to give me some major boosts in the company. Its going to be really beneficial in the long run, ya know?"

"I know, I know. I keep telling myself that. But I still feel lonely." I pout but its useless, as he, obviously, can't see me.

"You have Paige. And you can always call up Iarce. I'm sure she would be happy to keep you company, along with Paige." I can hear the smirk forming on his lips.

"I guess. All right honey. You get some rest, I'll talk to you tomorrow. Enjoy that Atlanta, Georgia heat!" 

He chuckles, "You bet your ass I will! Love you hun. Good night."

"Love you too, good night."

I knew filling the void with Paige and Iarce would only make it worse. I needed my Master to fill it. So thats why I decided to not have them over and I decided to boycott pleasure for the whole 10 days.

But being the nymph that I am, I cracked and asked Paige and Iarce to come over on the 7th day.

The moment they showed up at the door I had them naked and on their hands and knees, crawling to the room.

"Paige, you sit in the chair and slowly finger yourself. Come with me on the bed, Irace."

Her cock is hard, she knows what I want. My legs fall open and she lays between them. She grinds the underside of her cock against my slit, spreading my juices everywhere.

"Cut it out, now fuck me good! Fucking whore!" I yell, impatient and horny as hell.

She buries herself in me with one hard thrust. We both moan in unison. She quickly starts fucking me hard. I feel every thrust. I grasp her arms and move my hips in time with her.

A few deep thrusts and she pulls out. I scream as I squirt onto her stomach. My juices run down to her cock.

Without thinking I move to lick and suck her off for the precious liquid I got all over her.

I roll over, ass in the air. A silent command "fuck me more". She gets the message and continues to fuck me until I feel the orgasm fast approaching. I reach down to my swollen clit and rub until I'm screaming into the mattress and bucking my hips into hers.

She blows her load into my spasming pussy. We fall over, panting in between languid kisses.

I beckon Paige to come and join us. We lay there, entangled in each other's arms and legs, kissing and exploring every inch of skin on our bodies with our hands.

Irace's hands find their way to Paige's sopping wet pussy. After fingering her a moment, she slides down Paige's body and works her neglected pussy with her tongue.

Paige's wanton moans get me excited and wet once again. I sit on her face and her mouth immediately latches onto my clit and sucks just hard enough to start me on my way to my second orgasm.

Irace only just starts pounding into Paige with her renewed woody when Paige loses it, and cums all over her cock. Paige only lets up on my pussy for a few moments then continues her crafty tongue work on my clit. Irace comes up behind me, kissing the back of my neck and reaching around to pinch my erect nipples. 

Suddenly its all not enough and I dismount from Paige's skilled mouth and tell her to go get the strap on.

Irace lays down below me and I sink down onto her cock, going slow until I'm fully seated in her lap. I lean down, presenting my ass to Paige who has snuck up behind me.

She's lubed up the fake phallus like a good girl and has the head pressed to my tight hole. I bear down and she slowly eases in. I groan at the initial discomfort but become accustomed to it after a few strokes.

Irace gets a little impatient and starts moving her hips. Soon I'm bouncing on Irace and reminded of the fullness in my rear with every move I make.

"Come here Paige." I whimper.

She withdraws, takes off the strap on and kneels beside Irace and I. I slip my fingers between her slick folds and rub her clit as she humps my hand, moaning and pleading for more.

"Get some whipped cream and I'll have you for desert, pet." I coo. Paige, right away, hops off the bed and disappears out of the room.

I continue riding Irace's cock. And I fuck her for all she's got. Our panting gets intertwined with our moaning. I hold onto her firm tits for support. She's gripping my hips for a little control over my wildly bucking hips.

Thoughts of Corey flood my head as I lose more and more control. Me bouncing on his cock. His hands around my throat. My mouth teasing his nipples. His fingers teasing my asshole. His seed pumping into my throbbing pussy. I can't take much more..

My orgasm crept up on me and hit like a tidal wave. I stopped bouncing up and down on Irace's cock and rubbed my clit. Just a few good strokes and, " oh. Ohhhh. Ahhh! Ohhhh! OHHHH! OH! OH FUUUUCK! Fuck! Ohhh."

It faded out as fast as it came and my orgasm had rendered me powerless. I slipped off her cock and lay beside her. I was laying there: pussy still twitching, breathing heavy, and my body completely lax. My eyes were shut, I couldn't keep them open. Faintly I hear movement. I assume its Irace finishing herself off. I'm too spent to care.

Oh my god, I thought to myself, this is probably why I shouldn't hold it off for too long; I am completely drained.

I feel a hand on my back, running all over it soothingly. I moan. "Irace, where's Paige?"

"I found her in the kitchen looking for god knows what."

"Yeah, I sent her in there to find the whipped cream, remember? I guess it wasn't there. Heh." I smile and rub my cheek against the soft cool sheets. I could fall asleep..

"Of course it isn't there, silly. We finished that can the night before I left... For our own festivities."

It was then that I finally realized that wasn't Irace's voice, her hand, or her chuckle. I open my eyes and look up, and who else but my love and Master, Corey, is standing over me. A dream. A dream.. right?

"You're here? Oh my god!! You're here!!" I jump up and crush myself into him, squeezing him tightly into a hug, with my newfound energy. "I missed you so much." I say in between planting kisses all over his face while tears prickle my eyes. "But you're not supposed to be here until Sunday." I pull back a little, staring up into his eyes.

"Meetings finished early. Luckily we got through just about everything before a few guys got some really bad food poisoning."

"Ewwwwww."

"Yeah, big ew. The ones in charge decided we could go home, since we were ahead of schedule anyway. But if something else comes up that needs discussion..." He trailed off.

"No way, another trip?" I pout.

He leans in closer to my face, smiling lips barely touching mine. "Conference call." And he kisses me long an hard, slipping his tongue into my mouth, dancing with mine between our lips.

"Thank god you're home. I've been going crazy."

"I missed you so much hun. I couldn't wait to get my hands on you."

"I've been longing for you and your touch. I need it... Master."

"But it looks like you've already sated yourself with Irace and Paige." Speaking of whom, were on the floor kneeling off to the side. Waiting and watching.

"Sated me for the moment, I need you to fill the void... Indefinitely."

He chuckles, "As you wish. I think I'll give you a niiiice punishment... In a few days."

"Oh please, Master. I need it now."

He slaps my face, "No. That will be the first part of the punishment. No pleasure until I give it to you. Understand?"

"Yes, Master."

"Good girl."

(To Be Continued)