 [*Author's Notes: Information gathered and used by permission from sources, especially the true story of Michael Winterbottom's "9 Songs" (who also made "Band of Brothers" and "24 Hour Party People"). A friend of mine who had learned of the film at Cannes had a bootleg copy of the film, which is how I saw it, so I'm not exactly sure how one would go about finding the film if you'd like to watch it (and I'm NOT in the bootlegging business, so don't ask me to make you a copy! Sorry.). Before Winterbottom said it, I had always had the same perspective on graphic sex in movies. I've always thought that saying "intimate shots of lovemaking was exploitation" was an absurd thought, so long as the scene had some importance to the story of the film. I learned in anthropology that the human condition is wherever we go, so I believe that leaving sex out of art is like leaving pieces out of a jigsaw puzzle. You don't get the whole picture of the human condition. And I was always told (and thought myself) that art was art because it was a reflection of human culture. Am I wrong, then, to reason that intimate scenes in movies can actually be art?*]

Xenoglossia: (a.k.a. Zenolalia, Xenoglossia) This is the ability to spontaneously speak a foreign language without first having learned it, or even been exposed to it. This term is also derived from two Greek words: Xenos, which means "foreign" or "foreigner", and glõssai, which means "tongues" or "languages." An event in which an individual who knows only English, has never been exposed to any other language, and who suddenly starts to speak in fluent Swahili would be an example of Xenoglossia.

--Copyright © 1998, to 2001 incl., and 2003
by Ontario Consultants on Religious Tolerance
Author: B.A. Robinson

Pornoglossia: The language of talking dirty, or a tongue that knows how to please? This term is also derived from two Greek words: Porno from pernemi, which means "to sell", and glõssai (see above). However, the root of "porno" here has a more contemporary definition to it. Here, I mean "sexually explicit pictures", so it's short for pornography. Thus, the definition is more like "the language of intimate picture capturing", if you will.

-1-

Scene 16, according to Tanner's notes, was called "Mandy & Lucy Give In", which was because Mandy and Lucy had been fighting to conceal their craving for each other since the movie began, and now it was time for them to release that primal urge. While scenes 3, 12 and 14 were not shot yet, Tanner was antsy to get this scene out of the way. It was important to the movie, though such scenes often made actors and crew a little uncomfortable.

Funny thing, really. When he got the script, read it, he found himself doing some research about "sex scenes". One director, Michael Winterbottom, had recently made a film called "9 Songs", which he was quoted as saying, "What's so wrong with sexually explicit scenes in a movie? Books describe graphic scenes all the time and they can get away with it? Why can't movies do the same?"

Tanner watched the movie and realized he wasn't kidding. The scenes were just as graphic as a porno - merely done with great cinematography and high-end editing. Tanner would have told Mr. Winterbottom that the answer to his question was because novels don't actually exploit real people in their making, since they're only words.

That would have been a justifiable remark, but then Tanner found another quote by one of Winterbottom's actors (a defender): "People who say they find it offensive are liars. If they say they find it shocking, I don't believe them. It's only sex. Michael only does extraordinary stuff," he said. "He wanted to explore an intimate relationship and tell it predominantly through love-making, showing how sex changes throughout a relationship. It's a love story."

So maybe some actors don't mind the exploitation, though Tanner was sure that, to some people, graphic sex in cinema wasn't exploitation. It was nothing more than shooting an intimate scene in a beautiful, artistic way, just like anything else captured on film.

Tanner collected a list of movies, that apparently had similar guts in the making of them, and watched them:

All Women Do It

Capricio

Devil in the flesh (1980's Italian movie)

Fruits of passion (70's French)

Intimacy

Jesus was a Palestian

Lies

Sweet movie

Idiots (aka Idioterne or Les Idiots)

Fallo

The Dreamers

Ken Park

Some of them, he decided, were really good. But could *he* do it?

The actresses hired to perform the roles of Mandy and Lucy were a couple of close friends of his, both having worked on past projects with him. Jennifer Noment was performing Mandy and Jennifer had posed for a couple of adult magazines (though she had showed very little). Jamie Cardine was doing a good job as Lucy, who was a cock tease in the film. Jamie had never done anything nude before, so it was a lucky thing that she trusted him enough to take on this sort of role. What the problem was, with Tanner - he didn't know if had the balls to actually shoot a nude sex scene. He wasn't planning on having the scene very graphic, but both Jennifer and Jamie had asked, "Why not?"

Over a conversation last week, when the girls had asked this, Tanner found himself flummoxed.

"What do you mean?" he had said.

"We're all adults here," Jamie had said. "The movie is a classy representation of two girls who happen to fall in love. I don't really think you get that these two are in love that much when you read through the script, so why not show how much they're in love by showing how much they are engrossed with each other in their lovemaking?"

Tanner had chuckled nervously. "Okay, so you both are asking me to let you two have real sex in front of the camera? You're asking me to film the two of you pleasuring each other's intimates?"

Jennifer had laughed. "Yeah! Come on, Tan. It's already known that Jamie and I love each other, so we could make scene 16 very real. It's perfect."

Tanner had shaken his head, saying: "I don't know, girls. I'll have to think about it."

Now, here he was, sitting in his office, thumbing through his scene notes, knowing that the sound stage would soon be swimming with crew trying to get the set all ship shape. And he was thinking: Dear God, what the hell am I going to do?

After a few moments, he decided that he was going to close the set and run the camera himself. The boom could be supported with stationary goose-arm and he could run the DAT machine just before running the camera. All easy enough, he thought. And then he'd let happen what happened. If he wasn't comfortable with shooting the scene with a graphic edge, then he'd make sure his shots were done more subtly.

His AD, the 'assistant director' of the film, was standing beside a gaffer, going over floor plans when he walked up to her. She looked at him, smiled and reduced the sound on her walkie.

"Hi, Tanner. Ready to get going? The caller hasn't rounded up the actors yet," she said.

"No, um, we're going to do things differently today," Tanner said and he told her what he was thinking. The AD looked annoyed by the thought, but she shrugged her shoulders.

"I'll have to talk to Harry," she said.

"No producers. Harry's at a meeting anyway and this is my film. I'm just doing what I think will be most comfortable for the actors," Tanner said.

"Alright. You're the boss..." the AD said before putting her walkie to her mouth and saying: "Okay, everybody. Finish up. You've got five and the director has asking for a closed set. And that means everyone will be out in ten! Call the performers." 

"Thanks," Tanner said.

"You've got one magazine, so don't waste it."

"Fifteen minutes will be all I need. I hope," Tanner said.

-2-

Jennifer and Jamie, in character, came onto the set within about six minutes. Good time, since their trailers weren't right outside.

Jennifer was the taller of the two. She had real blond hair and blue eyes, the type that looked like they belonged on the beach. She had beautiful pouty lips that, when pooched, made guys go nuts with curiosity as to her oral skills. As Mandy, Jennifer was wearing her hair up, a school uniform type white blouse and black, short skirt.

Jamie was shorter, only 5'1" and about 100 lbs. Her hair was dark, but she had the most brightly colored green eyes that Tanner had ever seen. As Lucy, Jamie was dressed more like a tomboy: ass hugging jeans and a flannel shirt that, strangely enough, matched the cherry-wood floor on set.

Both were sexy and petite, so scene 16 was sure to be a eye-stunner, Tanner thought.

Once the crew left the set, the three of them were alone on a stage that was constructed to look like a fashionable New York apartment, owned by a very feminine person. Lush pink drapes, copies of paintings from celebrity artists (of the last 50 years), and a wall with a collection of dolls from all around the world.

Deciding to get to business, Tanner stood between them and went through the scene with them: "Okay, first there's the scene with the two of you working your relationship out, which is focused a little on the frustration that two of you have with each other. Then, suddenly, Lucy can't take it anymore, she's looking at Mandy's lips for a long, breathless moment... the kiss, passionate,... and we'll improv the physical reactions of the characters at that point. Okay?"

"Sounds fun," Jamie said. "I'm already getting hot."

Tanner laughed and pointed at the tungsten lights: "Those are about 500 watts, each. You're going to be hot."

"You're an ass sometimes," Jennifer said, slapping his ass.

"Heeeey. Sexual harassment, huuuh," Tanner whined, sarcastic.

"Nobody cares," Jennifer said, tossing her script onto her chair off stage as Jamie began to look around.

"Okay, okay... Hit your starting marks and give me a moment," Tanner said.

After using a light meter on the girls, to make sure his camera's aperture was set properly, and after checking his focus on the 35mm Arriflex wide angle lens, he started the DAT and took his place behind the camera. Headphones on, he was ready to roll...

"Scene 16, take 1. And action!" he said.

The scene began with Mandy (Jennifer) sitting on the couch, almost crying. Lucy (Jamie) stood in front of Jennifer, her back turned and arms slung over each other against her chest. Lucy was angry about the way Mandy was treating her because she wanted to be more than just friends, which made her jealous that Mandy was starting to get involved with a guy named Brad.

"I just don't get it, Mandy," Jamie said. "You can be a bitch, sometimes."

Trying not to cry, Jennifer tried lighting a cigarette. "Jamie, Jesus! It's not fair. You never told me about this."

Jamie turned toward her, walked over and pulled the cigarette out of her mouth. "How many times do I have to tell you, I don't want to see you smoking!" Jamie dashed the cigarette out and it was Jennifer's turn to pout.

"You treat me like a fucking baby," Jennifer said.

Tanner wheeled the camera to get a half-side shot as Jamie straddled Jennifer. Jennifer acted like she was trying to push Jamie off her, but Jamie refused to.

"Get off me, Lucy!" Jennifer shouted, but Jamie smacked her and pushed her lips against Jennifer's. Jennifer struggled a little, but then she gave in and began to feel the kiss. As Tanner rolled in for a closer shot, Jennifer and Jamie's kisses began to heat up.

Here we go, Tanner thought, not sure if he should keep looking himself. As long as the camera sees it, I don't have too, right? But that wasn't exactly true... If they moved too much, they could end up out of frame or, worse, out of focus. Tanner eyes were locked on them through the eyepiece, unable to look away...

Tanner closed in on Jamie's tight ass, which she shoved out as her body began to react to the kissing and Jennifer's exploring hands. Tanner panned up: Jennifer rubbed Jamie's back, running her hands down Jamie's ass and squeezed. Jamie moaned against Jennifer's lips. Jamie pulled away from her for a moment, to catch Jennifer's eyes as they looked into each other, an ardent exchange that connected their hearts. Melting their beats together. Tanner caught this look, realizing now just how much the girls loved one another. Then Jennifer leaned up to catch Jamie's lips again, wrapping an arm around Jamie's neck, then brushing her face with her fingers. Their faces and mouths moved together slowly, yet filled with heat and desire. Jennifer brushed back Jamie's dark hair to expose her beautiful face, long lashes, sucking on Jamie's lips, her chin and brushing noses and lips with her. Jamie returned similar oral play, running her hands up and down Jennifer's sinuous sides. Jamie's pink tongue slowly slid from her mouth into Jennifer's, Jennifer's tongue rising to greet hers. Their mouths once against pressed together and there was obvious movement in their mouths as their cheeks displayed their play.

Tanner couldn't help feeling his male-hood growing, pressing against his tight jeans. He held back a gasp as he began to get into it, watching them like this. But just as the kissing was arousing him, Jennifer began rolling up Jamie's blouse, showing the naked, pale small of her back... then shoulder blades. Tanner let go of the focusing wheel, which he had been holding way too tight, shook his hand out and replaced it to pan up Jamie's back. Jamie leaned back, more into the shot as the shirt lifted over her small breasts. There was no bra to veil the soft flesh of her breasts, or the small tips that were swollen from the excitement. And after her shirt came off, Jamie began to pull Jennifer's off, peeling Jennifer's bra off after. The two girls were now shirtless, pressing their breasts together and returning to their kiss.

Jennifer's hands returned to Jamie's ass, which rose to her touch, one hand traveling up her back. Jamie stretched her neck, her face rising skywards in rapture as Jennifer began kissing down her neck, between her breasts. Jennifer's mouth opened and her tongue began to dart and lick at Jamie's nipples. Jamie moaned again as Jennifer's tongue slid from breast to breast, one of Jennifer's hands cupping a squeezing her right tit.

"Jesus, Mandy! That feels so good!" Jamie said, wrapping an arm around Jennifer's head to pull her face tighter against her chest.

But, then, Jamie was pushing Jennifer back, Jennifer's own tits flopping as she looked up at Jamie with surprise. Jamie cupped one of her breasts and leaned over to rest on Jennifer, pressing her lips against hers in a hungry attempt to meld tingling bodies. And Jennifer took the chance to run her hands down the back opening of Jamie's pants, pushing her fingers under her panties and squeezing and rubbing her lover's ass under her jeans. Their bodies began to undulate together, movements of frotage that made Tanner grab his aching member through his own jeans.

I'm not going to survive this, he thought. I'm going to cum in my fucking pants!

Then, grabbing Jamie's ass tightly, Jennifer lifted the short girl up and laid her down on the ground. Tanner barely reacted quickly enough to keep them in the shot. Jennifer's ass up, toward the lens, her skirt parted to show her pink panties and the tight wrapping of cloth that squeezed her needy vulva, she began pulling Jamie's jeans and panties down. Jamie lifted her legs, her own ass up to show a wet pussy that needed Jennifer's attention. Throwing the jeans aside, Jennifer lowered her face between Jamie's raised legs, which Jamie grabbed under her knees and pulled to her shoulders. This gave both Jennifer and the camera a great view to cherish as Jennifer began to massage Jennifer's pussy with her lips and tongue. Jamie dropped her head back, closing her eyes and began to whine out her pleasure.

A short time later, Jennifer was on top, shoving fingers into Jamie's pussy, a thumb rubbing her pink asshole. When Jamie began to buck, whimpering and cumming, Jennifer and Jamie returned to kissing. Tanner rolled the camera closer, getting a close up shot of their sensual lips loving to the glow of two very satisfied women.

"And... cut! That, um, huuuh, was really really good, girls. It couldn't have been better," Tanner said. The girls slowly crawled up from the floor as he handed them their towels, both giggling like school girls.

"That was so wild, Tanner. Being watched, being examined by a camera lens, like some invading eye. Such exhilaration!" Jamie said. "How was it for you? Do your balls hurt?"

Jennifer laughed, adding: "He probably came in his pants!"

Tanner nodded. "You're more right than you know." Though, in fact, he never really got there. But there was a mental orgasm, a relief and, yeah, exhilaration that he'd never felt before.

"Now, before you call the crew back in," Jennifer said. "We're wondering if you'd like to join us tonight."

Tanner was stunned. "Why?"

"Because, I mean, the scene's done, but it doesn't feel like it's over. It feels like something's missing," Jennifer said.

And then Tanner's whole body became stiff as he felt Jamie's hand grab his hard on through his jeans, kneading his ache.

"It's missing you," Jamie said. "Come on. What guy can resist fucking two girls?"

Tanner swallowed hard. "Not me."

Jennifer nodded. "Good. Then let's finish the scene at our house. Bring the camera. We'll change the story a little bit."

"Yeah, how about this: A little later in the evening the girls, still horny and watching t.v., a neighbor who's seen everything through their window comes over. He wants to try to seduce the girls, but what he doesn't know is that the girls are already ready to fuck him hard."

Tanner tripped over a sound cord, catching his balance right before he took the fall. "Jesus!"

Jesus, alright! These girls were almost scaring him, but he couldn't help but feel jubilee screaming in his heart of hearts.

-3-

The scene: The girls are naked, sprawled out on the living room floor as if they just had sweated together and collapsed where they were. They're laying there, the t.v. on, and there's a camera running in a corner. A digital-8, humming as someone knocks on the door. They know he's comming--he's the one who set the camera up--but they have to play the scene. That was the hole game.

Jamie got up, saying, "I wonder who that is?"

Jennifer giggles. "Why, I have no idea..."

When Jamie opens the door, Tanner is standing there with flowers, a bouquet of different colors and smells. He clears his throat, not playing nervous. He is nervous and a part of him thinks that maybe this was a game he shouldn't be playing.

But there Jamie is, short and nude, her small breasts perky and pointed. And his cock is standing up in his pants, aching for these girls to notice.

"Flowers! How sweet!" Jamie said, really surprised because he hadn't told them about that part. When Jennifer sees them, she joins Jamie in smelling them.

"Um...." Jesus, he had this line planned, but it was so difficult! "Now, can I have my turn?"

The girls laughed and Jamie said: "You want to smell my pussy, neighbor?"

Tanner nodded, feeling shy. Feeling foolish. He went down on his knees and closed his face towards her naughties. He whiffed, smelling her sexy, natural fragrance and wanted so bad to taste it.

"Now mine," Jennifer said, already rubbing her delicate pussy lips.

He leaned in and breathed her in. A similar smell, and, yet, different. The scents combined made him reel and heady.

"You girls smell really... um, really good..."

Jamie helped him up and Jennifer said: "Whoever runs the camera gets to tell the others what they're supposed to do."

"I like that!" Jamie said.

Jennifer unhooked the camera from the tripod and said: "Kiss. And Jamie, take his clothes off and suck him to get him as hard as you can."
