 Thanks to GA who's advice is always invaluable. I promise to move out of adjective-land one day! Enjoy...

-------------------------------------

Steve leaned against the wall, lifted his glass and sipped the wine, savouring the texture. He surveyed the room; the throng was starting to gradually thin out and he knew the evening was coming to a close. It had been a pretty successful first showing. Miranda had told him that six of his works had sold, and he had commissions for three more pieces. He took another sip of wine and sighed. Despite his professional success, his personal life was in turmoil. Lisa, his long term partner, had been unable to attend tonight; due to 'work pressures', she claimed. Steve was beginning to think that she was more in love with the idea of being with an artist than with the artist himself. She refused to commit to him and he was coming to the end of his tether. They needed to talk, and soon. 

He pulled at his shirt collar with his finger; he really wasn't comfortable in formal attire, although it accentuated his body perfectly. Tall, dark and handsome -- the old cliche applied to him perfectly, though he wasn't aware of it. He certainly wasn't what you'd expect from an artist; tanned and muscular, with chocolate eyes set in an attractive face ,he looked as though he could pass for a male model rather than spending his life slaving over canvas. Over the course of the evening, he'd drawn a number of admiring - and at times downright lustful - looks from a few of the females attending the function. He'd been mostly oblivious to the women who'd tried to catch his attention...except for one.

He remembered the young woman he'd spoken to earlier than evening. She'd flirted with him outrageously, making it clear she was interested; Steve had felt his cock start to swell as she brushed against him repeatedly and he'd had to excuse himself before his arousal became too obvious. He'd been stunned by her beauty - blue eyed, raven haired, curvaceous; if he hadn't been involved with Lisa he would definitely have welcomed her obvious advances. Through the course of the evening, he'd found his eyes drawn back to her repeatedly, wondering what her body would look like naked, his artist's eye tracing her seductive lines. Disappointingly, he hadn't even found out her name. With another sigh, he drained his glass, grabbed another from the tray of a passing waiter and moved into the room to circulate once more.

Miranda watched Steve closely as he chatted amiably with guests. She was pleased with the sales they had made that night, but knew he wasn't happy about Lisa's absence. Damn that woman, she thought to herself, she doesn't realise what she's got there. As she watched Steve show off one of his paintings, enthusiasm for his work lighting up his face, she wondered why he didn't just dump Lisa. If she couldn't even be bothered to support him tonight, surely he could see she wasn't committed to the relationship? Steve was in his prime, an up-and-coming name in the art world. Despite his brooding good looks, he was quite shy and lacked self confidence; he was definitely attractive, she'd been asked by a few ladies that very night if he was available. He needed to realise there were plenty of good women out there who would be ideal for him. She smiled as the germ of an idea started to form. Perhaps what he needed was a push in the right direction...

*****

Steve yawned and stretched as he drifted slowly into consciousness. His thoughts returned to the dark haired beauty he'd met the previous evening and he felt his cock start to thicken at the memory of her luscious curves. He let his mind wander, imagining how her skin would feel to his touch, how sweet her pussy would taste on his tongue; he tugged on his shaft, long, slow strokes at first as he imagined slipping between her legs and then more urgently as his fantasy moved towards the inevitable climax. A stream of hot ejaculate hit his belly as he visualised her crying out his name, her pussy clenching around his cock. Finally he laid still, his seed cooling on his skin; with a wry smile he cleaned himself up and pushed the image of her voluptuous body to the back of his mind.

His good mood lasted through breakfast and a shower; as he walked out the door, his mobile rang and he answered it with a cheery "Good Morning!"

"Hi Steve, it's Miranda. How's the head?"

"Hey Mim! I'm feeling just great thanks. What can I do for you?" Steve replied with a laugh.

"I have some good news. Remember those commissions I mentioned last night? Well one of them wants to see you today. They're keen to have you get started as soon as possible, and they're prepared to pay extra."

Steve sighed, his good mood deflating. "Mim, I'm not sure that I want to start anything new right now..."

Miranda continued, not giving Steve more time to argue. "I know you said you wanted to have a little break, but I know this project will interest you. You remember that one thing you've always wanted to do...?"

Steve's interest was piqued. "You mean someone wants a piece done..."

"Yes," Miranda interrupted. "Let me give you the address and you can go and have a chat."

Half an hour later, Steve pulled up outside a Georgian townhouse in Kensington. He climbed the steps and knocked sharply on the door, turning to study the elegant lines of the graceful portico columns as he waited. As he heard the door open behind him, he swivelled on his heels with a smile; immediately he realised he was looking at the face of the young woman who'd been the subject of his early morning fantasy. Momentarily dumbstruck, he watched as a smile spread over her features, her sensual lips curving upwards as her eyes sparkled with hidden mischief. Giving himself a mental shake, he took a step towards her.

"Hello," he said, extending his hand. "I'm Steve; I believe you're expecting me?"

She took his hand in hers, her grip cool but firm and her smile broadened. "Hello Steve, I'm Susanna. Please come in." She stepped back and allowed him to pass. Shutting the door behind them, she moved to his side and smiled again. "Follow me," she said, moving towards a door to the left side of the foyer. He complied, his eyes wandering over the generous curve of her swaying buttocks, clearly outlined by the white linen button-through dress she was wearing. He caught the drift of her scent as he walked behind her, a feminine but heady floral bouquet. She looked back over her shoulder, catching him in his study of her form and he felt a bloom of heat in his cheeks. 

"Can I get you anything to drink?" she asked, leading him through into an elegantly furnished drawing room. She picked up a bottle of red wine.

"Err, yes, that would be great, thank you," he responded, trying to hide his discomfiture at being caught admiring her body. His eyes travelled around the room, studying the eclectic mix of art that graced the walls. As he moved further into the room, he saw another young woman sitting in a high backed chair, watching him. As he proffered a smile, Susanna spoke, passing him a glass filled with claret liquid.

"This is Emily," she said. "She's here to help with the piece." Steve watched as Emily rose gracefully from the chair and moved to greet him. Auburn curls brushed her shoulders, her slender figure accentuated by the black shift dress she wore. His artists eye noted delicate fingers, shapely legs sheathed in sheer stockings and feet encased in impossibly high heels. For a second he wondered how she managed to walk in the five inch spikes, but she had an elegant gait that surprised him. She appraised him equally intently with vivid green eyes as they shook hands.

"Very pleased to meet you." Her voice resonated with a husky timbre which brought erotic images to Steve's mind immediately. He felt a sudden stirring in his groin and his mouth felt strangely dry; taking a large gulp of wine, he paused before answering. 

"Ummm... Pleased to meet you too."

Emily's mouth twitched as she watched Steve try to regain his composure. She sat down on an elegant chaise and patted the seat, inviting him to join her. He perched tentatively next to her and turned back to Susanna.

"So, Mim tells me you're interested in commissioning a piece... an erotic piece?"

Susanna nodded. "Yes, I'm keen to have a painting done and Mim said you were looking to experiment. Do you think you'd be interested?"

"Yes, of course!" Steve responded instantly. "Was there anything in particular you were thinking of?" He opened his case and took out a sketch pad, pencils and charcoal.

"Well, I have a few ideas'" Susanna smiled. She began to explain her vision to Steve, while he sketched. As she talked, she leaned across him, her breast brushing lightly against his arm, her hand resting on his leg. Steve breathed in her scent. His mind drifted back unbidden to the erotic fantasies that had been the cause of his early morning arousal and he shifted uncomfortably as he felt the unmistakable stiffening of his cock. Forcing himself to concentrate on the drawing, he realised Susanna wasn't happy with what he was doing.

"No, that's not what I want," she said, negating the censure with a warm smile. Steve swallowed heavily, trying to hide his growing erection. 

"How about Em and I model for you?"

Steve nodded and cleared his throat. "That would be great. Umm...would you mind if I used your bathroom first though?"

"Up the stairs; second on the right." Susanna rose and opened the door, indicating the staircase in the middle of the hall. Steve stood up gingerly, trying to hide the evidence of his arousal as he made a hasty exit. In the bathroom, he splashed cold water on his face.  Calm down, Steve! He thought.  Get a grip.

When he was sure he had himself under control, he made his way back down the stairs and walked into the sitting room.

"OK, let's have another g..." Steve's voice tailed off as he took in the tableau before him. Susanna and Emily were together on the chaise as expected, entwined in an erotic pose, ready for Steve to sketch them. But both women were naked. Susanna reclined sinuously, arm behind her head, back slightly arched to thrust her heavy breasts upwards. Her legs were spread, exposing her smooth, bare vulva to his gaze. Emily knelt by her side, one hand spread over Susanna's stomach, fingers appearing ready to slide down towards the bounty between her legs whilst her lips hovered over the stiff, rosy peak of her left breast. Her back curved up to the smooth roundness of her bottom, her thighs spread slightly, unveiling a glimpse of her red pubic tangle; glistening droplets clung to the titian bush and the scent of feminine arousal was heavy in the air. 

Steve's self control hung by a thread. Feeling the blood rush to his cock, he knew he would struggle to remain detached enough to sketch and yet he couldn't force himself to leave. On shaky legs he moved to the edge of the chaise to pick up his sketch pad and then turned to sit in the high backed chair that Emily had vacated. He placed the pad on his lap, hiding his obvious erection and closed his eyes. 

"Everything ok, Steve?" Susanna asked; the amusement was evident in her voice.

Steve opened his eyes to find the two women watching him. He tried to answer, but his mouth was dry again; picking up his glass, he took another gulp of wine. Clearing his throat, he responded, "Yes...yes, I'm fine. Thank you." He grabbed his charcoal and stared down at the blank sheet on his lap for a long moment, trying to clear his mind of the fantasy that was unfolding in his head. Then, taking a deep breath he looked up at the erotic scene before him and froze. 

The tableau had changed. Emily had captured one of Susanna's pebble-like nipples between her teeth and her fingers had drifted down between her legs, spreading Susanna's labia while her thumb lightly massaged her clitoris. Susanna's fingers curled into Emily's hair, gently encouraging her to take the peak further into her mouth as she moaned softly.

Steve was mesmerised. Slowly, deliberately, two of Emily's fingers slid into the silky wetness of Susanna's pussy and began to push deeper inside her. Susanna's hips lifted, working against the invading fingers, urging Emily to move harder, faster; each inward thrust drew a ragged gasp from her lips as the probing digits stroked over the sweet spot inside. Releasing the swollen nipple from her lips, Emily looked across at Steve. 

"Care to join us?" she enquired impishly.

Steve was torn. He was still desperately clinging to the last flimsy threads of professionalism, but it was obvious these women had other designs in mind for him. As if reading his mind, knowing he needed another push, Emily added huskily, "I need your tongue in my pussy, Steve..."

He needed no further bidding. Leaving his chair, pad and charcoal falling unheeded to the floor, Steve moved swiftly to kneel behind Emily. He gazed in wonder for a moment at the glistening tangle, and then slowly rubbed one finger gently along her pouting slit, feeling her shudder beneath his touch. Raising his finger to his lips, he tasted her sweet arousal; wanting more than just a small sample, his fingers spread Emily's swollen labia and his tongue delved into the sumptuousness of her moist pussy. Like a starving man, he gorged on the feast before him; his tongue laved at the stiff nub before probing deep inside her velvet hollow to enjoy the abundance of juices that lay within. His ministrations were accompanied by the fervid sounds of both women moaning as they edged closer to their mutual climax. 

"Oh god, Steve, I'm coming, don't stop..." Emily cried out. At that moment, Susanna squealed in pleasure, her orgasm driving her to impale herself on the fingers buried inside her. Steve's mouth fastened over Emily's pussy, catching the flood of juice as she climaxed with a scream. He gripped her hips tightly, slurping at the wetness; his dick was straining against his jeans now, he could feel the seed boiling in his balls. Emily slumped forward onto the chaise panting heavily, leaving Steve bereft, his face glistening with her climax. Susanna moved toward him and covered his lips with hers, her tongue delving into his mouth, tasting Emily's arousal. Her hand slid over the bulge of his cock; she broke the kiss and smiled.

"Let's get these clothes off." Her fingers deftly unbuckled his belt and unfastened his jeans, releasing his turgid shaft from its prison.

"Mmm, that's a lovely, thick cock you have Steve," she purred. "Come and see this, Em."

As Emily moved to squat next to her, Susanna's tongue licked Steve's purple dome. He shuddered.

"He tastes good too, Em. Have a lick."

Emily darted out her tongue and licked a droplet of precum from Steve's slit.

"You're right Su, he tastes glorious."

Both women stood with feline grace and swiftly removed the remainder of Steve's clothing. Then they drew him gently towards the chaise, placing him on the seat, pushing his legs apart before kneeling between them. Susanna took his cock firmly in her hand and her lips closed over the head, tongue swirling as she slid her mouth down along his shaft. Emily pushed Steve's legs wider apart and moved to take his balls gently in her mouth, licking and sucking them. Steve moaned loudly. He couldn't take his eyes off the two beautiful women who were lavishing attention on him. A fleeting thought of Lisa crossed his mind, but he pushed it away.

Emily moved to join Susanna, who released Steve's prick from her lips and offered it to her. Emily licked him, her rasping tongue travelling from the root to the tip of his cock in sweeping movements. Steve stared in fascination as the two women shared his pole, licking and sucking on it like a lollipop. "Fuck, I'm gonna come..." he bit out from between gritted teeth as he felt his seed rush from his balls. Both women drew back slightly, opening their mouths as the first hot arc of semen spurt from the tip of his cock; Susanna stroked his shaft, directing the first gush over her face and then towards Emily's as they both received the prize of his goo with pleasure.

As Steve's cock softened in her grasp, Susanna turned to Emily, licking his come from her face and then kissing her, both partaking of his sticky offering. They kissed deeply, tongues duelling as their lips melded in passion, soft sighs of pleasure emanating from them both. Their hands moved to caress, stroking each other's skin, tracing each other's lush, feminine curves as their embrace continued.

As Steve watched in fascination, Susanna's hand moved to Emily's breast, gently pinching and squeezing the taut nipple as the other moved between her legs; she parted the copper coloured bush and slid her fingers inside as Emily gasped into her mouth. Gently she probed between her pouting labia, her fingers seeking the point of pleasure within. Susanna gently pushed Emily back onto the floor, lips moving down across her breasts, licking and sucking each nipple in turn before travelling lower; she spread the pale, supple limbs to reveal her engorged pussy and then her tongue gently traced the sodden slit upwards, pushing between to dab at her sensitive clitoris.

A whimper escaped Emily's lips as her hands moved between her legs, spreading her labia to allow Susanna to tongue more deeply. Steve stared as Susanna buried her head between Emily's legs, cries of pleasure coming from both women. Then Susanna retreated slowly; she rose and walked across to a bureau. Opening a drawer, she retrieved a vibrator then swiftly returned to kneel between Emily's legs again. Steve heard a low buzz as she turned it on and then watched in fascination as she rubbed it along the length of her juicing slit, holding it for a few moments over her stiff nub as Emily bucked and squealed. Then she spread her labia again and slid the tip of the vibrator between them, gently pushing it deeper.

In repose on the chaise, Steve watched, fascinated at the sight and sounds of Susanna fucking Emily with the vibe. Just as he thought she was about to come, Susanna pulled the vibe out and teased her with it, making Emily groan in frustration. 

"I don't want you to come just yet, my darling," Susanna crooned as Emily entreated her to let her climax. "I think you should come on the real thing. Steve looks about ready for you now."

"Mmm, yes," Emily nodded. "Come fuck me, Steve."

Steve realised in amazement that he was rock hard once again. Slipping from the chaise, he knelt between Emily's legs, rubbed the head of his cock along her dripping cleft and then pushed into her, burying his shaft in one swift movement. He felt her tight cunt gripping his cock as she wrapped her legs around his back and drew him into her. Steve started to fuck into her hot pussy, his balls slapping against her buttocks as he drove into her over and over again. He was dimly aware of Susanna lying next to Emily, thrusting the vibrator into herself as she played with her breasts.

"Oh god, Steve...that's so good...yes...I'm coming...fuck..." Emily cried as her climax surged through her. Her back arched and her hips ground into his as her pussy throbbed and clenched around his cock. Steve gentled his thrusts as she slowly calmed beneath him, her breath becoming more regular as the final tremors of orgasm rippled through her body. 

"Now it's my turn," Susanna said softly. "I want your thick cock in me. I want to feel your come spurt inside me."

Steve eagerly withdrew from between Emily's legs and lay back; Susanna moved to kneel astride his groin. Taking his cock in her hand, she rubbed it back and forth along her slit, then pushed the head between her silken lips as she sank down, engulfing his cock in the tight heat of her pussy. Steve gripped her buttocks tightly as she began to move over him, riding him expertly, grinding her hips over his groin; he thrust his hips up to meet her as she slid down his shaft. He could feel his balls tightening again. Susanna leaned back, ensuring Steve's cock rubbed over her g-spot as he fucked into her. 
