 'What's taking him so long' I thought to myself, wondering why it always took him so long to get changed after the game. 

Other players had already left and he was still in the change room. 

I decided to go in, who cares who is still in there, there just guys, I've seen naked guys before. 

Heading in the change room I see him sitting in the corner. 

'What are you doing?' I asked him. 

'Just waiting until the showers were free' he said as he got up. He needed a shower, he was half covered in mud and completely covered in sweat. 

'Want to join me?' He asked. It had been ages since I had showered with him after the game. 

I considered it for a minute 'really, here? What if someone walks in? I don't have a towel?'

'I'm last, and if someone walks in just hide in the corner, or just give them a show, you're always showing off anyway. There's a stack of towels in there'

I didn't think I showed off, I mean I flirted with some of the guys, his best mate especially but he knew that and played along. 

We always joked if ever I wanted a threesome he'd be the lucky guy. 

Whether it was the alcohol I'd had watching or just wanting to shower with him I agreed. 

He got the water running, it was a cold day so a hot shower was just the answer. The shower room was more like a sauna with all the steam filling the room. 

The hot water felt great, the steam made the room warm and me a little light headed. 

He pulled me in close, our bodies pressed together and I could smell the sweat on him still. 

Grabbing the soap I started lathering him up from head to toe, paying special attention to his cock, which by now was standing tall. 

I teased him, running my hands over it, knowing how sensitive it got under the water and slippery with the soap. Making sure I didn't miss his balls I gave them a tickle as well, feeling him jump a little. I grabbed his ass, and pulled myself to him. Rubbing my body all over his, the soap making him nice and slippery. I love teasing him and running my body over his is my favourite way. 

He rinsed off and said 'your turn'. 

He started lathering me up, his hands running over my body. Massaging my breasts and hard nipples, running down my back, massaging my ass and legs whilst kissing me. 

The way his fingers ran over my clit left me in no doubt he wanted more than just a shower.

He kissed down my neck, down my breasts, sucking my nipples as he kept going down.

'Please lick my clit' I thought to myself as he went lower down my body.

'Oooohhahhh' I let out as his lounge start licking me. His fingers spreading my pussy lips apart as I felt his tongue playing with my clit, little lightning bolts going through my clit. His lounge move down to my pussy, dancing in little circles. I feel myself going a little weak at the knees, he knows just how to lick to get me nice and wet.

I'm so lost in what he's doing to me I don't care that we are in the change room anymore, just as long as he keeps that tongue working over my pussy.

I run my fingers though his hair, fuck, if he keeps this up I'm going to cum soon, he's really into this today!

My wet pussy starts to open as he slides a finger inside, mmmmmm, finger me please!, make me cum!

My pussy tingles as he massages inside me before... 'ahhhooo' there, that's the spot, keep going, rub me there. He's found my spot, sending a current of lightning pleasure through my pussy and down my things.

I'm so focussed on what he's doing between my legs I don't hear the footsteps behind me, all I feel are two hands grab my breasts from behind and a hard cock against my ass.

'Can anyone join in?' he whispers in my ear before kissing down my neck. I recognise the voice, it's his best mate!

Those bastards must have set this up!, that's why he waited in the change room and why he's so different eating me today.

'Sure' I answer him, my hand reaching behind me and squeezing his cock. I have never seen him naked before but his cock feels good in my hand, not as thick my boyfriends, but maybe a little longer.

I stroke his cock, the thought and feeling of two guys has me going, and my bf working on my pussy has my body about to cum, I feel the heat running from pussy down my thighs, tightening the muscles as the heat spreads throughout my body.

'Agghhhhooohhh' I moan as I cum, squeezing the cock in my hand tight as I do.

My bf stands up and kisses me 'I hope you're ok and not mad about this' he asks. 'It's ok with me' I answer, tasting my pussy on his lips. I kneel down in front of him, taking his cock in my mouth. I run my tongue around his cock, feeling the veins run over my tongue. I bob my head back and forward, I love feeling his cock fill my mouth, it's fun hearing him react as I flick my tongue over the head of his cock before sliding it down my throat. I don't have a gag reflex and take him all in, wondering what it feels like for him.

I see out of the corner of my eye his mates cock. I come off my bfs cock and take the other cock in my mouth. 'Mmmmm' I thought, tastes good too. 

I run my tongue around his cock, I was right, not as thick but definitely longer, I can feel it further down my throat.

My bf grabs my ass, lifting it up.

Spreading my legs apart his cock runs up the inside of my thigh, heading towards my wet pussy. His cock rubs over my pussy, looking for the entrance. I use my hand to guide him in, fuuuccckk, it's like a million little electric buzzers going at once as my pussy takes him in. I feel so full right now, a cock in my pussy and a cock in my mouth!

My bf starts slowing fucking my pussy, long deep strokes, letting me feel every part of his cock sliding in my pussy.

He starts picking up speed, the rocking of my body sending my mouth back and forward over the other cock, fucking my mouth.

My bfs fingers beat mine to my clit, rubbing it, making me cum again.

My bf stops fucking me, pulling out leaving my pussy empty. But only for a moment as his mates cock quickly replaces it.

It feels different, it's not stretching me but 'whoooaa', it can reach where my bfs cant, rubbing different parts of my pussy.

He doesn't go with the long slow strokes, he just starts fucking me fast. Really pounding into me, making me breathe quickly trying to keep up.

My bf comes back with a chair, what does he need that for? I wonder.

I feel empty again as the cock comes out of me.

'Over here', my bf motions.

He grabs my leg and puts it on the chair. 'Fuck her pussy' he tells his mate.

Without hesitation he slides his cock back into my wet empty pussy. At this angle it rubs straight against my spot, sending me weak at the knees again.

I feel warm pressure against my ass as my bf slips his finger in, fuck its tight back there, but I love the feeling.

He works his finger slowly as his mate holds his cock deep in my pussy.

My bf pulls his finger out, I know whats coming next...there it is. The head of his cock pushes against my tight ass. 'Gentle' I say to him as he pushes harder. The pressure is building up, my ass resisting his cock until...the head pops in. 'shit fuck' I let out as my ass is split open. Slowly his full cock goes in my ass, my head buried against his mates chest as it happens.

I breath slowly, fuck this feels good, I feel like such a slut, being fucked by two cocks at once and I love it!

They start fucking me slowly, I can feel their cocks rubbing against each other through my pussy and ass, rubbing me like I've never felt before. They get in a rhythm, fucking me harder.

My breathing gets heavier as my muscles tense up, fuck I'm going to cum any second, the feeling builds, every muscle starts twitching as I feel an explosion from my pussy through ass then through my body. I've never cum like that before, waves of pleasure going through me as almost in unison I hear 'I'm going to cum', both guys are really pounding me now, I'm surprised they've lasted this long. 'cum in me' I tell them, 'I want to feel it', as soon as the words leave my mouth a feel a hot rush in my pussy and a his mate lets of a loud moan as he cums, thrusting deeper in me as he does. My bf does the same as I feel his cum in my ass, his cock thrusting deeper as he unloads into me.

They pull out and I suck them both clean, sucking the last drops of cum out of them as I feel their cum slowly coming out of my pussy and ass.

We shower ourselves clean before leaving the change rooms, hoping this won't be the last time we do this.