 When his eyes opened he saw his wife, my wife and me sitting by his hospital bed. He smiled a weak smile. My wife, Beth, was dressed in a Hawaiian print sundress. Frank's wife, Donna, was in a pastel peach print sundress. Frank was in the traditional hospital garb of an open-in-the-back gown, an oxygen mask on his face and an IV tube attached to his arm. I was wearing a Hawaiian shirt with a wild surfing print and khakis. Beth, Donna and I had conferred before we left home and decided that cheerful, bright clothes would help us keep from having our good-bye talk with Frank be too solemn. 

As his eyes focused on me I said, "Frank, the time has come. You already know that you're dying. Two or more packs a day for twenty-some years finally has killed you."

I motioned to Beth and Donna and said, "We talked it over and decided that you shouldn't die in ignorance. To that end, we want to tell you a story."

He looked at me and asked, "What story?" His voice was a whisper. It sounded like I imagined it would sound if he were speaking through sand or crumpled paper.

I began the story. "Once upon a time there was a family with three daughters. Have you heard this story? Feel free to stop me any time your sure you know the ending."

He fixed his eyes on me, but didn't move or speak.

I continued, "The oldest of the daughters wanted to get married. She spent her college years not only getting a good education, but also looking for a good man to marry. She found him, or at least she thought she found him, the year she was a senior. For the purposes of the story, let's call him Frank. She saw a man driven towards success and he promised her she would never want for the good things of life.

They graduated and a month later got married and moved to Los Angeles. Six months later she made a wonderful dinner for Frank and over that dinner she asked..."

Donna, Frank's wife, took the story for long enough to say, "Frank, I miss my sisters. Can we get a bigger apartment and have them move in with us while they finish school? It would make living here sooo much better for me and I believe the three of us can make you a very well taken care of man."

I resumed the story. "Even though she made it clear that if they brought the two other sisters to live with them he would have been able to share them as sexual partners, just like he was married to them, as you no doubt have guessed, he said "No way! Then he gave her reasons."

Frank whispered, "I remember the reasons. Why are you telling me this story?"

"I'm getting to that. That September Donna's mother died and Donna went home for the funeral. Carol and Beth were seniors in high school when their Mom died."

My wife, Beth, nodded. As if on cue the room door opened and Carol came into the room. She was dressed in a bright sundress, bare legs and lots of skin showing. The chair for her was already beside the bed. 

Frank asked, "What's she doing here?"

Carol answered, "I'm here to say good-bye and to tell my part of the story." She sat down and I resumed the story.

"You had given permission for Donna to stay home for a week. The day after the funeral for their Mom, their Dad, Joe, had a heart attack and died. It took two months for Donna to clear things up at home, sell the house and move her sisters to L.A. During the two months Frank helped by staying in L.A., working and by not doing much else. In that two-month period Frank never called Donna. He never made the two-hour flight and spent a weekend with them. He answered the calls Donna made to him but didn't help her get things settled other than to rent a small one bedroom apartment for the sisters in the same complex where he and Donna lived. 

When the three sisters arrived in L.A. Frank met them at the airport and drove them to his home. Donna was left with the job of getting them settled and back into school. Frank had taken half-a-day off to pick them up from the airport.

Two years passed and both sisters were going to college. Donna enjoyed having them nearby and saw them as often as she could while still taking care of Frank. He liked having dinner with Donna but not with "the whole tribe" as he called it when the three sisters were together. On weekends he seldom was willing to do things with all three sisters.

It was at that time when Nick came into the story. You remember Nick don't you?" I didn't want or need a response.

"Nick was a graduate from UCLA who worked on the campus of Cal State L.A. and met Beth and Carol there. He dated both of them and at the end of the summer after they graduated he married Beth." I leaned over and kissed Beth.

Frank said, "I know this part. You moved both Beth and Carol into an apartment with you. All three sisters wanted us to buy houses close together but you stayed in the apartments because I wouldn't buy a house." He paused to get his breath and for the machines monitoring him to stop beeping.

"I like living in an apartment." Frank said.

I said, "Late that year, I think it was 1997, Donna announced that she was pregnant. Your response... wait! Frank's response was anger. He got upset because he had decided he didn't want to be a Dad. He had agreed before they married that they would have a couple a kids, but he had decided that he didn't want any. When Donna told all of the family that she was pregnant you ... Frank was so angry he left and was gone three days. When he came back he made sure the entire family understood that he wanted almost nothing to do with the child. He also made it clear that he wanted Donna's tubes tied when the child was born. He said, "I didn't want this kid and I certainly don't want another one later!"

As you know, the little girl born in July 1998 is beautiful. She has lavished her affection on Frank and the rest of the family from the day she was born. She's now eleven. It took her three years of constant love and affection to break through to Frank at all and when she did he became something of a father figure. Once in a while he would spend a day with her. He didn't go out of his way though. The rest of the family bought her presents for her birthday and Christmas and put Frank's name on them. The rest of the family took her to Disneyland, the beach and all the other places little kids love to go. She has lived like she had three moms, a Dad slash Uncle and a mostly absentee father.

She has had eleven birthdays and Frank has been at one birthday party. Beth's husband has been at every birthday party for Alison, every Christmas and almost every special school event in her life. He's also been an active parent in the lives of the children born to Carol and Beth. All of us, as a family, have tried to get you involved with the family."

Donna spoke up, "Frank, You've been a money source husband for most of our marriage. What I have tried to keep the rest of the family from knowing was how you treated me when we were alone."

She took a breath, looked at Me then at Beth and said, "I'll be blunt. You're a sadistic bastard sometimes! On days when things didn't go well for you at work I knew within seconds of you coming home what was going to happen to me."

Carol, Beth and I looked at her, surprised that there was a secret we didn't know.

She looked at each of us, then back at Frank. "They didn't know about the times you used a belt on me or fucked my ass in anger while you ranted about some minor upset that I had no part in. They didn't know about the clamps you used on my nipples or the ice cubes you shoved inside me! Well, now they know. And now that you'll never see Alison again we have a secret to tell you."

Carol spoke for the first time since she came into the room, "The moment you found out I was pregnant, you shut me out. You said something to Donna about me being a whore. She told you that I wasn't a whore and you told all of us that a woman who has a child without being married is a whore and would never be welcome in your home."

I put my hand on her shoulder. She looked at me with eyes full of tears. I said, "The two boys born to Carol are mine, Frank. She can't legally be married to me, so we aren't married."

His eyes widened and he whispered, "You tried to tell me! You all tried to tell me, but I wouldn't listen!"

"You made up your mind about how the world should be and stopped listening to how it is." Beth said. "When you shut Carol and her babies out of your life you included my daughter as well. I am married. I am married and I want to show you something you've never seen before."

Beth crawled up onto the hospital bed and lifted her dress enough to show Frank her pussy. He looked and his eyes widened as she spread her legs and showed him a small tattoo in the space between her vagina and her anus. It was smaller than a quarter. She said, "When a potter makes a wonderful something that he's proud of, he marks it with a mark that identifies it as his work, his creation. That mark is Nick's mark. It is the two letters N and P blended and styled into a circle. I had the tattoo put there to mark me as Nick's wife." She covered herself and got off the bed.

Carol crawled up on the bed and showed him her tat. It was identical to the one on Beth and in the same spot. She said, "I share the tat with my sisters because I share everything with my sisters. My children are Nick's children, are Beth's children..."

She covered herself and I helped her off the bed. Donna stood beside the bed and said, "I thought about a divorce. I thought about a divorce a hundred times... no, more than that, maybe a thousand times. You have been a terrible, selfish husband. You have been a terrible father to Alison and not much of a family member to the other children." 

She crawled up on the bed and showed him her tattoo. It was just like the tats on Beth and Carol. Frank closed his eyes.

She slapped him on the cheek and his eyes opened wide.

"I want you to look. We've been married for well over twelve years and you've never looked at my pussy. You've treated me like there's something dirty about my body. See the tat? It means that Alison is not your daughter. She too belongs to Nick. Three sisters married to one man, Nick. You could have had all three of us as loving wives and had Nick as a brother if you had opened up to what we offered."

She covered herself and climbed off the bed. She held Frank's hand and said, "Frank, you could have had all of us. You could be a happy, healthy man right now, but you decided to smoke forty-some cigarettes a day and be mean as you rejected what most men would consider a fantasy, a gift from God."

I said, "We all thank you, Frank. The story has a happy ending. I've paid the payments on your life insurance for years. By dying you leave us with a million dollars. Thanks, Frank."

His eyes closed and a few minutes later one of the machines hooked up to him started to beep. After ten seconds or so the beep became a steady tone and the monitor showed a flat line. A nurse rushed in and shut off the machine. She said, "He's gone."

As we walked out to our minivan I realized that in the months before he was hospitalized he hadn't even noticed that all the kids called me Daddy.

On the ride home Beth asked, "Why didn't you divorce him?"

Donna answered, "We needed his money. Until Nick got his business established and running well, we needed his income to support us. And, there's the little thing of, at the beginning, I did love him. He beat that out of me."

Carol spoke up, "He could have had all three of us. I remember when you were dating him and we told him the three of us were a package deal, if he wanted us."

Donna added, "He told us he wanted a few months with just the two of us, then we could talk about living as a family."

Beth chimed in, "I never would have found Nick if Frank had accepted all of us. When he decided he couldn't or wouldn't love all three of us, Carol and I had to go looking."

I said, "I'm glad you found me."

"I still wish I had a picture of you the night we told you that to marry Beth you needed to love all three of us." Carol said.

"And fuck all three of us!" Donna said.

"And be the Daddy for all our children." Beth said.

"Well, you must admit that was not a normal conversation to have with someone."

Carol said, "His eyes kept getting open wider and wider as we all got undressed and helped him get undressed."

Beth said, "When you swallowed his cock I thought he was gonna cum right then!"

"Ladies, ladies, it's enough to say that I've been thrilled to love the three of you every day and night since then."

"And you seem to enjoy being Daddy to Alison, Mike, Ben, Joe and Megan."

"Do you still enjoy joining all three of us?" Carol asked.

"I'm not sure. Perhaps, when we get home we should all go into the bedroom and see if I can still join with all three of you." I smiled as I made the suggestion.

The banter continued all the way home and upstairs into the master bedroom. There the clothes came off and I successfully joined with all three women. After all three had at least one orgasm I looked at the clock and knew we had almost two hours before the kids would be coming home from school. No hurry was necessary. I kissed the potter's mark on all three and they each kissed the tat just above my penis. BCD inside a circle. A potter's mark of my own.