 Author's Note: Thanks for your kind words on "Starting a New Semester". If you haven't read it yet, please do so before reading this story, which features the same characters on another new adventure. ~~ BrettJ

*

Victoria Silvers had spent the day with her dear friend, sexy, naughty little Casey Lee. Every time she and the long-legged brunette got together, they had a bit too much wine, shared a lovely meal and ended up in bed together, rolling around until both were a tangled, sweaty mess.

Casey was the perfect playmate for a woman-loving woman like Victoria. In bed, she was giving and attentive and best, for Victoria anyway, she was tireless. She could lick, she could bite, she could caress and no matter what went on, she came back for more.

Victoria adored her little playmate and it was doubly compounded by the fact that Casey wasn't averse to sharing. Casey was engaged to a handsome young man named Paul Benton and Paul spent almost as much time in Victoria's bed as Casey did. Tall and fair and almost stunning, Paul was also a tremendous fuck, if not quite as free-spirited as his fiancée. But he had the nicest cock and the most sensual style of lovemaking of any man Victoria had ever bedded. He was almost like a dancer in bed, not that he couldn't fuck when he needed to. He kept up with his pretty girlfriend, but there was no doubt that Casey was far more sexually voracious than her husband-to-be.

Victoria thought it might be a bit serendipitous that she had met the young couple, but the last year had been like that. After divorcing Eric and briefly wallowing in self-pity, she had been seduced by Cindy, one of her students. At first, Victoria had fought all her preconceptions, but Cindy was mesmerizing and confident with her own sexuality. She had drawn Victoria into her web and wrapped the blonde teacher in her arms and transported her to new heights of sexual passion. Never again would Victoria allow herself to believe she wasn't sexy, alluring and confident. Her day-to-day manner changed and so did her manner of dress. Yes, she kept it professional, but she had the Trustees of the school wrapped around her little finger by spicing up "professional" with just the right dab of "provocative".

Victoria was saddened when Cindy graduated and found other playmates. She and Victoria still "dabbled" from time to time, but their daily encounters were a thing of the past. Luckily, by the time Victoria was ready for new challenges, Paul Benton and his girlfriend Casey Lee joined her class. They sat right in the front row and were bright, inquisitive and incredibly sexy. Paul was a truly beautiful male and his girlfriend was equally stunning. She didn't know how far their sexuality extended, but Victoria decided that she would test the waters.

Seducing the younger couple was a task that was easily accomplished. Both were young enough and broad-minded enough to accept new sexual games. Casey had never been with a woman before, but took to it like a duck takes to water. Once she let go, Casey was able to stimulate Victoria and heighten her senses with her gentle fingers and tongue. Paul loved watching his girlfriend go wild with Victoria and with nudging from the girls; he was able to express himself. Paul most assuredly wasn't shy; it was simply that he had been taught a set of rules that weren't going to work for him if he was going to keep someone like Casey. There was a voracious little tigress under Casey's sweet exterior; the more she experimented with Victoria, the more the tigress sprung into action.

Throughout that semester, Victoria and Paul began encouraging Casey to turn up the heat. Her clothing became slightly more provocative and she came to appreciate the benefits of sexy lingerie. She loved to attract attention, although her eyes were on Paul. Paul was a good lover and aside from her forays with Victoria, Casey remained faithful. Victoria didn't want the girl to cheat, not really, but she did want to broaden her horizons. Victoria thought that somehow, she needed to accomplish that goal.

After a sex-filled romp and still achieving high marks despite all that, Paul proposed to Casey. They were having dinner at Victoria's home and all knew they'd be tumbling into bed soon after. Casey accepted his proposal and as Paul slipped the ring on her finger, Victoria knew what gift she could give them for the wedding. She was going to make this summer something the young couple would remember when they were in their 80's.

She asked Casey to meet her for lunch and told the girl to bring an overnight bag. Casey showed up with a big smile and hugged her mentor-lover and then dropped her own surprise by asking Victoria to be her Maid of Honor. Victoria accepted with a huge smile and noticed an impish grin cross Casey's face. "What's all this about?" Victoria asked the pretty brunette.

"You asked me to bring an overnight bag; may I assume your intentions for today are strictly dishonorable?" Casey grinned. It wouldn't be the first time she had spent an evening alone with Victoria.

"Aren't they always?" Victoria retorted. "Let's have a nice lunch first, I'm famished."

The two women ordered lunch and chatted. Victoria always enjoyed her time with Casey, both in and out of bed. The girl was funny and intelligent with an interesting point of view on the world. Even when she wasn't trying to be, Casey was sexy. She sat with her legs crossed and now that she always wore something naughty underneath her clothes, Victoria could see the top of her stockings. Her pleated white skirt showed her lovely legs and her top was a gauzy blue thing that revealed the tanned body underneath.

When they finished, it was a bit after 2 PM. They got into Victoria's car and began driving in the direction of Victoria's home and then they passed it. "Aren't we going to your place?" Casey asked, puzzled.

"No, we're going to have a little adventure," Victoria said as her car pulled into the parking lot of a high-class apartment complex. They got out and went inside, taking the elevator to the 10th floor and walking to the end of the corridor. Victoria knocked on a door and it was opened by a stunning Asian girl wearing a low-cut, red silk dress. She and Victoria hugged and the girl said "I thought you'd never get her, come in, come in!"

Victoria went inside, followed by a confused Casey. Victoria introduced the other woman to Casey. "Casey, this is KT, one of my former students. Imagine my surprise when I ran into her the other day and discovered she's going to be the Chancellor's new secretary. We had coffee and started talking about our lives and I learned some very, very interesting things."

"Such as ...?"

KT spoke up. "I told her that I'd had a horrible crush on her back then and that I'd never had sex with a woman. She put her hand on mine and told me she'd love to change that and that she had a friend she would like to invite along for the fun. My heart was pounding when I heard that and when she showed me a picture of you; I couldn't wait, so here we all are."

Casey was thrilled; KT was long-legged, busty and sexy as hell. "What are we waiting for?" She enthused. "Let's all go into KT's bedroom and fuck our brains out."

"Oh, I like her!" KT giggled.

"She speaks her mind," Victoria smiled as she looked at her former pupils. "All right, you two, let's go into the bedroom and have some fun. KT and Casey ... how cute is that?" She giggled.

Casey asked "What does the ...?"

"Katherine Tracy," KT answered. "My mother was a big fan of old movies."

Casey laughed, but KT's body was nothing to laugh about. The young woman was so sensual and had the most beautiful almond eyes and jet black hair. Casey desperately wanted to kiss her, but deferred to Victoria.

"Baby, I can tell you two want to kiss each other," Victoria said as if reading Casey's mind. "Go for it, I want to see everything!"

KT seemed slightly nervous, so a newly-empowered Casey pulled her close and kissed her softly, with a probing tongue. KT's nervousness quickly disappeared and within seconds, she was kissing back and pulling Casey closer. When they broke their kiss, KT's eyes were closed and she was breathing heavily.

"We're going to be close friends, aren't we?" KT breathed.

"It's like Victoria said, KT and Casey, how could we not?" Casey smiled. "That dress is gorgeous, but it's got to go. I think Victoria and I would like to see what beauty is underneath it all." 

KT nodded and let her trembling fingers unbutton the dress, but she was having a tough time of it. Casey came up behind her and tried to help, which made KT even more nervous. Having the sexy brunette so close made her tremble and Victoria watching them added to her nerves. When the finally got the dress off, Casey gasped.

Casey had enjoyed the beauty of women since her fate had intertwined with Victoria's, but KT was in a class of her own. Her lingerie was simple, but so beautiful on her golden, silky skin. Casey moved close and brushed her hand against KT's breasts and moved them down. KT shook and gasped in breaths of air as another woman touched her sexually for the first time. Casey began to kiss her and lead her to the bed where Victoria awaited them both.

Victoria was pleasantly surprised to see how aggressively Casey was behaving; she had come a long, long way. She stretched the neophyte lesbian on the bed and let Victoria kiss her lips while she herself moved between the girl's long, outstretched legs. The hairs on the girl's pussy were sparse and soft and fleecy and Casey parted them with gentle fingers and then inserted her tongue and began to lick. "God, I fucking love eating pussy," Casey thought to herself. She looked up to see Victoria and KT in a heated lip-lock.

Victoria's eyes glanced over at her little protégé; she couldn't believe how fucking sexy Casey looked as she gave KT her first taste of lesbian sex. She was enjoying KT's soft mouth, the Korean girl was a natural at loving another woman and wasn't at all hesitant about kissing Victoria. Her breath was heavy, showing her intense arousal.

"I want to do it with one of you!" KT cried out. Casey moved from between her legs and kissed KT, letting the girl taste her own sweetness. 

"Do it with Victoria, you eat her out and I'll help," Casey grinned. Victoria and her girls were soon a tangled mess of limbs. At first, the two younger women attended to Victoria, but the heat grew so exponentially that soon it was a blur of lesbian sex, blonde, brunette and golden-skinned beauty in a tableau of sex.

The next morning was just as hot and Casey and KT were still at it when Victoria left at lunch time. That's how she had planned things, now it was time for her meeting with Paul. She met him for coffee and he was as punctual as ever.

"Good to see you handsome, are you up for an afternoon of pleasure?" Victoria asked him as he hugged her. 

"Aren't I always?" Paul replied. "Where's Casey, isn't she joining us? I know you two had plans yesterday."

"No Paul, it's just the two of us for now," Victoria told him, then thought Although that's going to change in a very little while!

She had some pastry and a nice, strong cup of coffee. While Paul went to empty his bladder, Victoria got out her cell phone and made the call. Everything was set and in place.

"Done with your coffee?" Victoria asked as Paul returned.

"I am, what do you have in mind?" Paul asked her.

"I have an errand to run and if you can come with me, we'll have our fun after," Victoria smiled at him. They got into her car and her body almost trembled with anticipation, another afternoon of decadent pleasure lay ahead.

When they got where they were going, she told Paul to follow her. They went to a nice condo and when the door opened, Paul thought he recognized the young woman who answered it. He was sure that he had seen her around campus a few times.

Victoria seemed to recognize the slender, tanned blonde who ushered them both inside. She had a quizzical look on her face as she stared at Paul and then at Victoria.

"I'm glad that you called Victoria and of course, I'm up for anything you have in mind, but who's this?" The girl said to her.

"Cindy, this is my friend ... and lover ... Paul. Paul, this is my dear friend and lover, Cindy. In a way, you have her to thank for all that's happened, she led me down this wicked path," Victoria chuckled.

"It's a pleasure to meet you Cindy, even under these somewhat odd circumstances," Paul smiled. "You were responsible for Victoria's sexual liberation? Thank you for all that, very much."

"Goodness, what beautiful manners," Cindy laughed as they all sat down.

"He's a beautiful young man, which comes to the purpose of our visit," Victoria began to explain. "I'm having a lovely time with Paul and his fiancé, but we need to expand our social circle. He's a wonderful lover Cindy, gentle and but still very passionate. I thought you two should meet."

Cindy had an odd look on her face that Paul didn't understand. He was clued in when Cindy spoke. "I don't think I'm following you, Victoria. You know that I don't sleep with men."

"I know you don't sleep with men, but you have in the past," Victoria told her friend and lover. "Darling, he needs to expand his horizons and I thought this would be a nice way to pay you back, to let you experience the kind of man every girl should have at least once. You'll still get to sex it up with me, just consider him a well-hung bonus." 

Cindy sighed. "It has been a while and he's very beautiful," Cindy complimented him. "All right, let's go into my bedroom and have a little fun."

Paul felt confused by all of this, but every time Victoria made a move, it had led to wonderful sexual experiences. He looked at Cindy in her low-cut yellow blouse and tight black jeans and he couldn't help but notice her beauty. He thought about Casey for a moment and then he realized that Victoria wouldn't do anything to endanger their engagement. He followed Victoria and Cindy into the bedroom where they were already sitting on the bed, holding hands and kissing.

"Paul, why don't you get naked and show my friend here your gorgeous body?" Victoria said to the younger man. "Cindy, I'm always telling his girlfriend Casey that he's a beautiful man, wait until you see him naked."

Cindy watched Paul strip with obvious interest, as his body came into full view, she came to appreciate Victoria's viewpoint. He was lean and bronzed, like a surfer and almost like a piece of sculpture. There wasn't an excess piece of flab on him and Cindy actually found herself standing up and going towards Paul and kissing him. She was stunned by how soft his lips were and what a good kisser he was. Cindy wrapped her arms around his neck as the remainder of his clothing fell to the floor.

"He is gorgeous Victoria, you're right about that," Cindy smiled as she led Paul to the bed.

"Hey you two, I've got something to say about all of this," Paul spoke up as he sat between the two blondes.

"What is it, Paul?" Victoria asked. Cindy snuggled in on the other side and looked at him with a puzzled expression.

"Why am I naked and you two still have all of your clothes on?" Paul laughed. Cindy and Victoria both began giggling and started undressing one another. Paul openly admired Cindy's slender body which was even more beautiful without clothes. He and Cindy would look good together, he knew. Both of them were lean and fair and the minute he saw the gleam in Victoria's eyes, he knew that she was thinking along the same lines. She gave Cindy a gentle shove forward and watched as the pretty blonde tentatively reached for Paul's cock.

For the first time in a while, someone other than Victoria or Casey was touching his cock and it felt a bit intimidating. He knew the moves to make to turn on his fiancé and their lover, but what would Cindy enjoy? She hadn't been with a man in a while and then Paul had the common sense to push his fears down. Victoria had confidence in him and he was her lover, he took care of Casey's needs and he could pick up on cues. Cindy would tell him what she liked and didn't like and right now, she seemed to be inspecting his cock and stroking it. It felt very nice, she had a lovely touch and then she slid her mouth down on it. Victoria grinned, winked at Pal and then she began to eat Cindy from behind.

Cindy's groans as her lover licked her pussy translated to vibrations on Paul's cock. She had a wonderful mouth and Paul made sure to concentrate hard and not do anything to disturb Cindy's efforts. She wasn't hesitant, Cindy was really sucking and Paul just luxuriated in the warm sensations that were surrounding his shaft.

Victoria watched happily, glad she had brought these two together. Cindy was really giving Paul a sensational blowjob so Victoria made sure to give Cindy her full skills. She owed Cindy a lot, her tongue worked its way deep into the younger woman's cunt and tasted again the familiar tang of Cindy's juices. Paul's face was contorted with pleasure, Cindy was really thrilling him.

Cindy pulled away from Paul and grinned at Victoria. "He's got a wonderful cock," Cindy told her. "Put it in me Paul, fuck me with that cock of yours, please?"

Victoria was glad that she had been able to bring her two friends together and proud of Paul when he asked Cindy "How would you like to be fucked, Cindy?"

"On all fours lover, like a bitch in heat," Cindy smiled. She got into position and then she tugged on Victoria's arm. "Get your ass up here bitch, I want to eat you out while this gorgeous young man fucks the shit out of me!"

Victoria never objected to being pleasured, so she did as her first female lover asked. Had Cindy gotten even better at loving a woman? It certainly seemed so, for as the young blonde's tongue lapped at Victoria's cunt, it was more wonderful than Victoria remembered. In the meanwhile, she thrilled to the sight of sexy young Paul moving his cock in and out of Cindy's slender body. Cindy couldn't speak, her words muffled by Victoria's wet cunt, but the sparkle in her eyes and the wide smile that kept crossing her face told the entire story. She might not fuck a lot of guys, but there was no doubt in Victoria's mind that Cindy would fuck Paul again if the offer was made. They were really connecting and that fit nicely with what Victoria had plotted next. Paul and Casey were both in for memories that would make them both horny on their 50th Wedding Anniversary.

Paul couldn't believe he was doing things like this, but his bond with Victoria was based on trust and it was thrilling to be in bed with two women, neither of them his fiancé. True, he was technically cheating on Casey but he was sure that Victoria had cleared all of this with her. He wondered why the curvy blonde hadn't invited Casey to their little sex party? Victoria was devious but it always worked out in his and Casey's best interests? Realizing he was over-thinking things, he continued to fuck Cindy until he heard her shrieks and knew that he had made her cum. She fell away from Victoria and he could see a gently-dazed expression on her face as well. Paul was fairly sure that Cindy had made her climax as well and know the two blondes were on either side of him, sucking his dick until he flooded their licking faces with his spunk. They licked it from each other's faces and then pushed him down on the bed. These two nasty sluts weren't done with him yet.

As Victoria lowered her cunt to Paul's waiting face, she realized so far all her plans had gone off without a hitch and she was reaping the benefits. Not only that, she still had the weekend to look forward to ... if she didn't exhaust herself first!