 "Table for three?" The hostess asked the group, a petite blond and two strikingly handsome men, one fair and the other dark. A look passed between them, imperceptible to anyone who didn't know about their passion filled weekend of discovery. They settled into a booth with Kacy in the middle.

It was Sunday and they were treating themselves to brunch after a lazy morning. The entire day before had been spent in bed, experimenting with each other's bodies, laughing and talking between episodes of blistering hot sex. 

Kacy flushed at the memory of that morning, when they'd crammed into the shower together. Two pairs of soapy hands had slicked over her skin while she slid hers over two very stiff cocks. While steam filled the room she'd been on her knees blowing the two of them until her face was showered with cum. 

"Snap out of it, babe, you're making me horny again," Dave teased. He knew she was thinking about the three of them because he did the same thing whenever his mind wandered. He still couldn't believe he'd shared his wife with his friend Alex all weekend. It was crazy that watching another man fuck his wife seemed normal now.

"Yeah, I don't know about you two, but I've never come so many times in my life," Alex admitted just as the waitress stopped by their table to pour the coffee. His eyes went wide, knowing she had heard him. 

"What can I get you guys?" She asked with a grin, clearly enjoying Alex's discomfort. He scalded his tongue with coffee to keep his mouth busy. Did she have to be so damn cute? He'd always had a thing for redheads, and this one was no exception. 

After jotting down their orders she collected their menus and gave Alex a wink. "My name is Gwen, if you guys need anything you just give me a holler." She sauntered off, her strawberry blond hair swaying from side to side in time with her hips. A woman knows when her ass is being checked out as she walks away.

"Dude, that chick is seriously into you," Dave said, bumping Alex's shoulder with his.

"I would totally make out with her," Kacy sipped her coffee innocently. The two men stared at her. "You should get her number, Alex."

"Meet my wife, the nymphomaniac," Dave toasted her with his mug.

"You were getting pretty wild yesterday, Kacy," Alex noted. "Especially when Dave was uh, you know, going in the back door." He laughed when Kacy blushed again. "What, haven't you guys ever done it that way?" They shook their heads in silence. "How come?"

Dave piped up first. "I've always wanted to, but she thinks it's too dirty," Kacy smacked him on the arm.

"You wouldn't know what to do back there even if I let you," she teased.

"Well, I could show you," Alex said shyly, just as Gwen came up behind him to top them off. "I've done tons of anal." Gwen let out a little gasp as Alex saw her and buried his face in his hands. He should just never speak again in his life.

"He forgot to take his medication today," Dave told Gwen with an apologetic smile. She laughed as she poured their coffeee.

"Your orders should be up soon," she said as she walked away.

The three of them giggled like teenagers caught making out under the bleachers. 

After breakfast was devoured and the coffee savored, Gwen stopped by to drop off the check. "You three have certainly been an adventure," she said with a wicked grin.

"Honey, you have no idea," Dave left enough cash for a generous tip. As she collected the bill she slipped Alex a piece of paper.

"Call me sometime, cutie."

Alex held onto the paper all the way home.

Back at Dave and Kacy's, the three of them put the house back to rights as the day started to wind down. Everyone had to go back to work the next day. Their weekend tryst was drawing to a close. It was like the last day of summer camp.

Alex dumped his bag in the car and went back into the house, wandering until he found the couple sorting some laundry on the bed. Did they know how lucky they were to share even the most mundane tasks with each other? He shook his head. Man, he needed to get a girlfriend if he was romanticizing about folding socks and shit.

"Hey guys, I should probably get going," he said from the doorway, feeling suddenly kind of awkward. 

"Aw, I thought you would stay for dinner," Kacy said with a little pout. "I mean, all we have left is top ramen, but still."

"Yeah bro, what's your rush?" Dave finished up with the laundry and smoothed the cover of the bed.

Alex hesitated just long enough for Kacy to know he didn't really want to go. She crossed to him and wrapped her arms around his neck, kissing him tenderly and darting her sweet tongue into his mouth. His dick immediately sprang to life.

Dave grinned and laid down, watching his woman work her magic. Alex didn't stand a chance. He watched as she drew him down to the bed with her. She lay on her back with Alex's hands pushing her shirt up so he could sample her breasts. She sighed and looked over at Dave who just smiled and sent her a wink. He was cool just watching a little of the show before jumping in.

Alex was lost in her warm fragrant skin. He floated above her, raining kisses over her belly as he uncovered the rest of her. Kacy anticipated him eating her out, which he loved to do. He surprised her by flipping her over and placing a pillow under her hips. She felt his tongue probing her from behind and moaned softly.

He alternated between her clit and her opening, sometimes he would do one long lick, and then other times he'd focus on just one part. She was like a piece of candy and he never wanted to stop. 

Kacy licked and sucked her husband's cock while Alex ate her out from behind. "You like watching him eat me, babe?"

"Fuck yeah, honey, that is so hot. I can't wait to be inside you."

Alex was getting seriously aroused listening to them, so he found the Kacy's sweet spot and intensified his efforts. He was really getting to know her signals, so he took her just to the point of orgasm and then backed off. She made a sound of protest. 

"Damn Alex, you're such a tease," she looked over her shoulder provocatively. He rose up to tease her cunt with his cock. She pushed her hips back, moaning. He was driving her crazy. 

He penetrated her slowly, so she could feel every inch of him as he finally sank deep inside her. "That's better," she sighed. "Fuck my pussy, please, please, please."

He knew she wanted it hard and fast so he forced himself take it easy. There was nothing better than not giving a woman exactly what she wanted in bed. The more frustrated she became, the wilder she got.

When she started to squirm under his hips he knew it was time. He slid his thumb up and down her crack to get her used to having stimulation from back there before he slipped it inside her tight little hole. She was a little hesitant at first, so he patiently worked her with his finger and his cock until she was relaxed again.

He withdrew and grabbed some lube, squirting it all over himself and her. Then he started pushing the head of his cock gently but insistently at her asshole. He massaged her cheeks, "just relax and trust me...I won't hurt you," he whispered. 

Kacy was scared, but she trusted Alex so she tried her best to just let it happen. Dave couldn't believe Alex was knocking at the door to anal sex. He thought Kacy looked a little worried so he scooted down and started to kiss her.

"You are so fucking sexy, babe," he said as he watched her grimace slightly. They locked eyes as Alex pushed a little more. Kacy's eyes were huge as fear and passion mixed.

Alex joined in with the encouragement, "just let go...don't fight it...that's it baby, that's it." He could feel her inner ring relax and he advanced as slowly as he could. She was so tight around him he almost came right then. 

Kacy started to smile as Alex found a slow rhythm. "Oh my god, that feels amazing," she said to Dave. 

"Yeah?" Dave stroked himself and watched his wife take it up the ass. "I can't wait to get in there."

Kacy turned back to Alex and said, "I think Dave is feeling a little left out."

Alex slid a hand under Kacy's belly and shifted them to the side carefully, and then rolled on is back, taking her with him. He reached around and teased Kacy's clit as he continued to fuck her. Then he spread her lips wide and looked at Dave. "You better get in here, dude."

That was all the invitation Dave needed. He positioned himself between their legs and tried not to freak out. He was about to be in a double penetration scene like in a porno or something. He never thought this shit would happen in real life.

Kacy moaned as Dave entered her. She never thought she could feel this way. She was swamped with the sensation of their cocks filling her up. It was beyond anything she'd ever imagined. It was unbelievable. 

As they guys found a tentative rhythm, Kacy looked up Dave, her eyes wide and mouth open in pure ecstasy. "I can't...I don't...please don't stop fucking me...aaaahhhh". She came with a cry, frozen for a couple beats before the shuddering overtook her.

Dave felt her gush all over his cock and started to pick up speed. Alex gripped her hips tightly as Dave suckled on her bouncing tits. The three of them were like a well oiled machine, rocking and writhing together in synergy. It was by far the hottest moment of their lives. 

For a few breathless minutes there were no words, just the wet sound of Kacy being fucked in both holes and some groaning and grunting as the men pumped their hips into her. They reached a point where they were going so fast they lost control of their movements. Then the sex reached a desperate and frantic place where their minds were totally disengaged and they operated solely on primal instinct. 

Kacy lost count of how many times she came. All she knew was that she was being thoroughly used and she relished every second. The guys were panting heavily as they both went deeper and deeper. 

"I'm going to come in that pussy, baby, yeah baby...FUCK," Dave yelled as his orgasm hit him like a tidal wave.

"Yeah, take it, holy fucking shit, I'm coming, I'm coming". Alex cried out.

They climaxed simultaneously inside her, shooting her full of cum in spurt after spurt. She groaned loudly as the feeling of both men coming was like her insides being flooded with hot lava. 

The three remained locked together as their muscles twitched and shuddered. Dave kissed Kacy deeply as Alex ran his hands over her with long smooth strokes. He had a mental flash of their waitress from earlier and how he wanted to get her in this position someday. He smiled. Nothing seemed impossible anymore. 

Gradually their breathing slowed and their brains came back online. They carefully disengaged until they laid shoulder to shoulder on the bed, staring up at the ceiling in awe of what they had just experienced together. 

They felt like they were now bound for life by this moment in time, this escape, this power out weekend. None of them knew what the future held, but they knew their lives would never be the same.