 Lynn, it's time we go on a trip, just the two of us. Let's go someplace we've never been before. You and I have taken a few long walks together; in flowery meadows and on sandy beaches. We've made love in all those places too, but let's fly somewhere. How about...London! Yea, let's go to London, Babe! Let's fly there early Friday morning and stay for three days. 

You know why I say fly to London? Because I want us to dress up for all three days in our sexiest clothes; I want you to dress up so I can show you off as we walk through the airport. I want to sit in first class with you for eight hours and sip champagne and rub your feet and talk and whisper the whole time about how much I love you and how I'm going to ravish you when we get there. You giggle and coo and let me touch you in private places as flight attendants walk by and see me doing it. The give us knowing smiles and keep our glasses filled.

We get pretty silly when the champagne finally begins buzzing in our heads. The kissing gets a little hotter and the touches kind of don't seem to matter if others can see them or not! You're starting to press into me and the closeness of your body and that tongue are giving me something that I better keep hidden under the blanket! When you excuse yourself to go to the ladies room I'm tempted to go with you. When I rise to do so you put your finger on my forehead, smile and shake your head one time. I see the message, a very lustful "later" written there!

When we land, it is late afternoon. We're hungry and tired now from the long week, the long hours and all the homework and paper grading. I can see it in the way you walk and the way you slump a little in the cab. We're still quite into each other, but you need a catnap don't you? Yes, I get inspired! We check into the London Hilton and head up to our room! I'm going take care of our things and then help you out of your clothes and into one of those cushy robes that we get. You lie down, Babe! Let me spoon you and stroke your hair until you fall asleep, then I'm going to go talk to the concierge. 

When you wake up forty-five minutes later it's just 6:00 pm, and I've got an intimate dinner already set up in the suite's living room. You like this suite don't you? It's spacious and done post-modern. One wall is mirrored and the sliding glass doors on the opposite wall overlook the Thames. The sun is just setting and the fire in our simulated fireplace combined with the candlelight from our table cast the whole room in an erotic glow. 

You look lovely with your slightly tousled hair as I help you with your chair, and yes, it all does look good! What are we having? Ah, it's baked potato soup followed by lobster and asparagus tips with baked Alaska for dessert. With my specific instructions the portions are a little small so that we don't feel stuffed. I've got an incredible evening planned for us, Babe, and it's got to be perfect. Did you enjoy the white wine? The concierge said he would send their best! I said, "Good, because this lady is special to me!" 

While we eat, I can't take my eyes off you, Lynn! Your eyes seem to pick up the light so beautifully and when you look at me the electricity jolts me. I want you so badly now, but I smile because it's still early. God, you look sexy in that robe and I see that you don't mind that it's quite open in the front revealing the sweet swell of your left breast. 

7:15...I'm anticipating a knock on the door, and there it is! You say, "Who's that?" but I just smile and raise an eyebrow and head over to answer it. Maybe it isn't a smile... maybe it's a wicked grin, but either way I can see you're curious; and since this is our weekend of love away together you're probably as anxious to get it started as I am. Now it's your turn to raise an eyebrow as a little slip of an oriental girl enters the suite, dressed in a robe just like yours and pushing a massage table. Your eyebrow inches a little higher when you notice how cute she is! Straight, jet black hair on a beautiful face with wide-set eyes that are so brown they could pass for black. 

She greets us with an incredible smile revealing perfect white teeth and tells us her name is Lee. Lee couldn't be even five feet tall, but when she centers the table and removes the robe we're both impressed. She's wearing an electric blue sarong with matching bikini top and we both watch her walk around the table to set up her bag. Her breasts are perfect for her body, probably a "B" cup and she looks lean and strong. Lee looks right at you and says that this massage is with my compliments and she hopes you enjoy it. You look excited as I take you by the hand and help you remove your robe. Is your nude body tingling with anticipation as you climb onto the table, Lynn? 

I place a chair and seat myself, setting my chin on the table near your face. I want a lot of eye contact as you receive this massage and I want to whisper things to you and watch you enjoy it. You settle down and relax while Lee places a towel over your bum and then anoints her hands with some fragrant oil and begins smoothing it onto your back. Your eyes close for a moment and you sigh with contentment. Her small hands are warm and her touch is firm and her first move after applying the oil is a heels-of-her-hand push up the sides of your rib cage. Your eyes snap open and I chuckle at the look on your face. Yes, Babe you are going to enjoy this!

Lee spends fifteen minutes on your upper back, shoulders and neck while you gurgle at me...all the tension is leaving your body and you whisper that she is fantastic. I whisper back that you haven't seen anything yet. My tone is mysterious and you hear it and now you're wondering aren't you? She's about to move to your lower back and this time her first move is to slip her hand under the towel and slide her fingers down and back up the crack of your ass before beginning on your lumbar region. Your eyes grow wide when you feel this and I laugh out loud. You mouth the words "What was that?" and I just shrug and whisper, "You haven't seen anything yet!" Oh the look on your face now!

I'm kissing at your lips now and chuckling in your ear as Lee begins on your feet. Wow does this feel good! The oil is soaking into your skin and we both hear it squishing between your toes as she massages each one. She expertly moves up your feet, ankles and calves and as she gets up to your thighs you are in heaven. I'm watching two things now, Lee's hands as they begin on your inner thighs and your face for its reaction. 

Remember her touch on your ass, Lynn? Remember me saying, "You haven't seen anything yet"? I can see Lee's touch is getting dangerously close to your pussy now. I can see it all over your face. You feel her remove the towel and begin on your ass and as she massages it, her fingertips graze your asshole and pussy lips. I reach for your hand and you grip it hard. Yes, I know, I'm wildly turned on too. 

Lee returns to your thighs and her fingers inch higher into your nether parts. She blatantly touches your pussy as she moves and soon she is rubbing your ass with her right hand and reaching between your legs for the creases between your pussy lips and thighs with the other. I notice your ass rises off the table to give her better access. Lee smiles and I nod. "Watch!," I say and you turn your head.

Lee steps back at this point and (quickly but sensuously) removes her top and sarong. She looks beautiful too and her smallish nipples are hard points as she spreads more oil on your back and ass. I can't describe the look on your face as she climbs onto the table above you and lowers her body onto yours. She begins with her tits in the middle of your back and you feel her tight nipples scoring the skin as she slides them up and down the length of you. 

Your hand grips mine tighter and your tongue flashes out searching for mine. I'm right there and the tips of our tongues duel as Lee slides into your back a little more aggressively. She keeps a little distance so that only her nipples tease your shoulder blades, but now her shaved pussy mound and hips begin to grind into your ass. 

I can see that you're wondering if the liquid sensation there is a combination of the oil and her pussy juice. I whisper to you that it is. You can't see Lee's face...but I can! She's extremely turned on and in case you don't know my hard-on is raging now. I slide around to the side of you, still kissing at your lips but pulling your hand toward my cock so you can feel it. This is getting awesome, and it's only just begun!

Now Lee is pressing into you with her full body. She's breast massaging you and her tits are sliding all over your backside. Her left nipple invades your ass crack and her tit pushes the cheeks apart so the nipple can scrape your asshole. For the first time I hear you moan, or is that me? No, it's both of us...no it's all three of us. 

Your legs drift farther apart and Lee takes the opportunity to begin rubbing your cunt full on with her hand. Her fingers are spreading your lips and her forefinger is searching for your clit as her nipples slide over your ass cheeks. My hand has wriggled away from yours and I'm bracing your ribs and playing with the sides of your breasts which are squashed in to the table now while you squirm. 

I can't take it anymore and I strip myself. When my cock springs free your hand immediately reaches for it and grabs it, shocking me! You pull me toward you and your mouth closes on my shaft sucking the velvety flesh down toward the back of your throat. Nobody's moaning now! These are throaty groans coming from all three of us. I place my hands on your back as you suck my dick and you're trembling. 

Lee is finger-fucking your now. I can see her using three small fingers, sawing them into your love hole while her other hand teases your ass. Where is your other hand? Are you fingering your clit with it? You must be because all of a sudden your mouth and body freeze for two long seconds as your orgasm gathers itself. I'm fascinated as the first wave hits you lifting you off the table, and you cry out even as my cock is in your mouth. Four or five strong spasms wrack you violently and I pull out of your mouth and fall on your neck to suck it and kiss it until you calm down. I look up and Lee and I begin grinning at each other broadly as your groans turn to moans and then.....mmmmm..... purring. 

Lee is caressing your thighs, giving you plenty of time to recover and I trail fingers around your back. My cock is still incredibly hard, and I'm still desperate for you to suck it again but it really is erotic to watch you trying to catch your breath. Finally you rise up on your elbows and look at us and say, "Oh, my god! That was so wonderful!" I can't help but laugh and Lee does too. Lynn, we've only just begun! "Turn over, Babe!" I say and you quickly comply. 

I can't help it anymore and I gasp as your tits swing into view. I immediately lean down and draw your right nipple into my mouth and it's your turn to gasp. The head of my hard cock is bumping into your lips and you use them to slurp me into your mouth again. While I suck your tit I can see Lee stroking your tummy and her little finger is swirling around your clit again at the top of your slit! She's playing with herself as well with two fingers pushing apart the folds of her pussy lips and dipping into her hole. You can probably see that too from where your head is, can't you? Oh, my god! The moaning is starting again, or at least I'm moaning.

This is too much for me and I straighten up to watch. I'm still pinching and twisting your nipples as Lee swings around and gets between your legs. The first touch of her tongue on your pussy sends shivers up my spine and probably yours too because I hear and feel your groan as your tongue flies up and down the underside of my shaft. Lee is licking your girl slit from anus to clit and as she does the cock-sucking I'm getting is increasingly more fervent. I can feel the cum building up in my balls and I shout as my orgasm approaches. You stop for a moment to tease me but when Lee wraps her lips around your clit and suck and flicks it just the right way you shout yourself and suck the head of my dick back in again. 

I'm ripping at your nipples now, (am I hurting you?) and my point-of-no-return rushes up at me. I feel the cum boiling in me and all of a sudden it explodes from my balls down the length of my shaft and full into your mouth. You could tell it was coming and you're ready for it as your lips suck it all up greedily. "Oh..oh...oh..." I cry out as each spasm rips through my center and I can only open my eyes enough to see Lee tonguing your cunt wildly. Your back arches again and my own orgasm has just barely ended when another seizes you from head to toe. My cum is still fresh on the side of your face as your tits pitch and roll in the grip of your second climax.

This is simply too much for Lee now! She is a hellcat...totally on fire and she climbs on top of you and begins humping her mound feverishly at yours trying to gain some friction on her clit. You hold your big tits up and she lets her nipples drag back and forth over them. I go down and start fingering her ass as your plunge your tongue into her mouth. Lee is devouring your face as her hips grind into yours and I'm so pleased to feel her ass stiffen. I know what's coming and so do you, as you grab the back of her head and pull her deeper into the kiss. I keep fingering her asshole but I stick my index finger in her pussy as she humps at you. Her clit finds its mark as your slits touch and Lee explodes herself...her little body shudders violently and her high-pitched yelps into your mouth sound so erotic. 

I am so turned on watching her cum that my cock is rock hard again. I need to fuck you, Lynn; I need to feel your pussy walls sucking my cock deep into your center. Lee rolls off of you and I lean down to take her place kissing you. It still feels like you are ready for more because when our tongues touch you suck mine deep inside. I have this fire burning for you deep in me! Do you feel it in my kiss? Do you feel it in the way I hold you? I think you do because when you feel my cock pressing into you, you reach down and frantically stuff me into your hole and I hear you moaning as the shaft sinks deep inside. 

Oh, my god! How I wanted you...all the way over on the plane and all through your nap and dinner, my entire body has been craving this! And now we fuck...slowly at first, our feelings of love and passion keeping it slow and intimate, watching each other's faces. We have totally connected now and that connection is very evident in the way our eyes are touching. 

Soon your eyes are urging me and the corners of your mouth are saying "fuck me...harder" without even saying it. I don't need any more urging and soon I'm slamming my shaft into you, our thighs slapping together and our eyes closing with effort. I open mine for a second and am jolted by the sight of Lee kissing you again upside down while she plucks at your tight nipples. God, is there anything as erotic as the sounds of fucking and groaning filling this room? I look sideways into the mirrored wall and groan heavily again. What a sight! Our three bodies glisten in the low, dancing light of the fireplace and candles. 

I am so intent on watching this incredible sight that your orgasm takes me by surprise! These spasms seem even more intense than the other two as wave after wave washes over you! All I can do is smile as you ride the crest and just as you finish I can't take any more and my balls empty once again, this time deep into your pussy. Oh, god....you make me feel so good, Lynn. 

Utterly exhausted I collapse next to you on the massage table. Lee is still kissing our faces, but we are completely spent! We caress her, we hold her close...but this day is over. After we both kiss her deeply, she smiles and dresses and heads out the door. "Aren't you going to tip her?" you say winking! "Babe, the concierge will more than compensate her...Did you enjoy the massage?" You smile and hold me close.