 “Do you want a drink in the bar before we go out?” Dec asked me, as I was applying the last of my lipstick, before we went out ‘on the town’. 

Because he had been working very hard, and felt that he had been neglecting me, my husband had booked a romantic weekend away, in a small Cotswold hotel.

“We might as well,” I replied, as I picked up my bag.

As Dec ordered the drinks, I looked around. There were three old men at the bar, two middle aged couples, (not talking), and group of young men, noisily, playing pool, at the other end.

“This looks a bundle of fun.” I grumbled.

My husband’s eyes lit up when he spotted the pool table.

“Just one game?” he winked, as he headed towards the men.

I spotted some of the group nudge each other, and grin, as we approached.

I’m quite tall and slim, and was wearing a loose, black vest with my tightest, hipster jeans, as well as a pair of 3 inch, spiked stilettos.

“Who’s on next?” he asked the tallest guy. “JJ plays the winner. Then Bam Bam.” He replied in a husky Geordie accent, “Are you any good?”

“Alright.” Dec smiled, knowing that he was a local champion.

“I’m Al.” The man introduced himself.

“Dec and Amy,” my husband said, nodding at me.

Two guys nudged each other, and I heard them whisper, “Look at the arse on her! Fucking Hell! I’d like to get my face in-between those cheeks!” 

The shorter one (Louie) joked, “I’ll bet you a tenner that Al gets in her pants before midnight!” “You’re on!” The blonde lad (Woody) replied.

Smugly, I slowly sat on a stool, next to the window; making sure that they got a good look at my arse, as Dec bought the drinks. 

As they played their games, the lads goaded and made fun of each other. After ten minutes, or so, I had began to relax.

When Dec began his game, Al stood next to me, making his first move. “I’m sorry if they’re a bit course,” he apologised for his friends strong language, “but they’ve been working away from home for a couple of weeks, and get excited at the sight of a pretty woman.”

I smiled and said that it was okay. When I produced a cigarette, he pulled out a lighter. As I lent forward, to accept the light, I heard JJ cough, and whisper “pink,”

“Shit!” I thought, “he’s seen my g-string!” 

I turned to see that four of them had gathered behind me, giggling, like schoolboys.

I smiled, letting them know that they had been rumbled.

Dec won his game, and had to play a small wiry lad called Hugo. 

Now, on my third Bacardi Breezer, I decided to have some fun, of my own.

At every opportunity I would, accidentally, bend forward to get something out of my bag, or scratch my ankle, giving them a good view of my thong, or down my vest, at my cleavage. 

By the time Dec, finally, got beat, we were all on first name terms, and had had a good laugh. They were builders, from Newcastle, converting a nursing home, at the other end of town. 

When we finally found a restaurant I was already a little bit pissed.

By the time we left, 90 minutes later, I was very pissed, and very, very horny.

When we arrived back at the hotel, only Al and Bam Bam were at the bar.

“Are you going to have a ‘night-cap’, with us?” Al asked.

“Yes!” I replied, very loudly.

“I’m not sure,” Dec shook his head, “she’s a little bit ‘relaxed’, already.”

Throwing my arms around his waist, I hugged Al, with all my might

I announced, “I’m not going anywhere until I’ve had another drink!”

My husband went to the toilet, leaving me to choose a drink.

“I don’t know what I want.” I laughed, as I released my grip.

When I turned, to choose a drink, the heel of my shoe caught a stool, and I stumbled and fell onto Bam Bam. Instinctively he put his hands out to save me, and got a handful of my tits. As he did this, Al grabbed my hips with one hand, and my knickers with the other, pulling me into his lap. 

He nuzzled my ear and whispered, “I know what you really want and it’s not a drink!” 

Dec approach the bar, “What’s going on here?” he laughed.

“Amy had a little fall, and we saved the day.” Al replied, nonchalantly, although he was still tugging at the back of my tiny g-string, just out of sight of my husband. I did nothing to stop him.

“I think that we’d better go to bed, before you cause any more trouble,” Dec told me, as he took my hand. As I stepped forward, Al let go of my pants, causing the elastic to snap against my arse. I turned and smiled. He winked and blew me a kiss.

“Good night, and have fun,” he laughed as we left the bar.

As I walked upstairs, my g-string was rubbing, uncomfortably, against my pussy. 

By the time that we had washed and got undressed, the room was spinning like a merry go round. I was desperately in need of a good fuck, but was afraid that I could be sick at any moment.

When we finally made it to breakfast, Al and his pals had, thankfully, left for work.

My hangover soon cleared, and we spent the rest of Saturday shopping. 

We spotted a very nice restaurant, which we booked for the evening and decided to go to a club afterwards. 

Later, back in the hotel room, Dec was fidgeting, watching TV as I applied my make-up.

“For God’s sake go to the bar, if you want!” I playfully shouted at him, “I’ll come down when I’m ready.”

“Okay. If you insist!” he laughed, as he jumped off the bed, and was out of the room in a flash.

I looked at myself, in the mirror, and smiled. I was feeling just as horny, as the previous night. Hotels have that effect on me, but all I could think about was Bam Bam touching my tits, while Al played with my knickers. My pussy was becoming very wet, and I promised myself that Dec would get a night that he wouldn’t forget.

After applying the final touch of lip-gloss, I opened my bag, to select my outfit.

Stockings (of course), a tiny, white g-string that has a diamante heart at the back, a black mini-skirt, silver, low cut, v-neck, top, with my favourite Wonderbra. This would knock my husband for six.

When I walked into the bar, Dec was playing pool with one of the guys from the Friday night. The others, all dressed smartly, were sitting nearby.

“Fucking Hell!” Bam Bam shouted. He was about 5ft 9ins, athletic with short brown hair. He was quite attractive, in a boyish way.

Shaking his head, and looking at my husband, Al laughed, “That’s some wife, you’ve got, there, mate.” Then looking me up and down, with his piercing blue eyes, “She looks good enough to eat.”

The tallest, a skinhead called Carl, was at the bar, and bought me a drink.

Dec smiled at me, but was too engrossed in his game of pool to notice the effect that I was having on the others, who had all gathered around me, at the bar.

Al offered me a cigarette, and as he lit it, whispered, in his sexy Geordie accent, “You should come out with us tonight. I think that we could show you a good time.” As he said the last words, his hand slid up my stocking clad leg and under my skirt until he squeezed my bare arse cheek.

I went weak at the knees. Grinning at him I took a long, slow, sip of my drink.

Still with his hand up my skirt, but obscuring the view, from Dec, he shouted, “I was just telling your wife, we should all go to a club, later, it could be a laugh.”

My husband looked up and nodded, unaware that this man was stroking his wife’s arse, “Sounds good.”

“Sorted!” Al chuckled, his fingers playing with the string of my pants, pulling it into my sopping pussy; “We’ll see you back here at 11.”

Dec and I chatted about Al and his friends, as we ate our meals, but I couldn’t sit still; my pussy was throbbing so much. I tried to be careful with what I drank, but we still managed to finish two bottles of red wine.

“Are you sure that you don’t mind going clubbing with these guys?” I asked him.

“It’ll be a good laugh. They seem safe enough.” He replied, as we entered the hotel bar.

Sure enough, Al and his work mates were already there. The rest of the bar was empty apart from the young Irish bartender, Shay.

“What do you want? It’s my round.” Al called to us.

“A pint of lager and a Pineapple Breezer,” Dec told him, then said, “I’m going for a piss.” 

When I stood next to Al, he had the look of a ‘hard man’, and his muscular body really impressed me. “Had a good time?” he asked as he handed me my drink.

“Yes, thanks. The meal was lovely. Have you eaten?” I replied. My heart beating faster, by the minute.

“Not yet,” he laughed as he nudged Carl, “but I fancy some hairy pie, later.” Both men laughed, at me. I stuck my tongue out, but my nipples gave away my feelings.

“Where are we going?” I asked as Dec joined us.

“We can have a couple here, then get taxi’s over to St. James’s, at midnight.” Al told me. 

“Time for a quick game, then.” Dec looked at JJ, then the pool table. JJ looked at Al, who nodded.

As they started their game, Al started his. 

Within seconds, Carl, Bam Bam and Al had surrounded me. Without arousing my husbands’ suspicions, their hands immediately began stroking my long, nylon clad legs. Fingers were pulling at the back of my g-string. When I showed no resistance, they got braver and openly squeezed my arse and teased my pubes. Al even slid a finger just inside my pussy lips, then slowly withdrew it, scooping out some of my juice, before placing it under his nose and, theatrically, inhaling my musk.

“That smells nice!” he said as he invited Bam Bam to smell his finger, “You don’t, really, want to co clubbing do you?” Al whispered, in my ear. 

Looking into his magnetic, pale blue eyes, I shook my head.

I closed my eyes and stood, pressed myself against the bar, as these three men sent me to Heaven, and I did nothing to stop them.

“Shay! Lock that door.” I heard one of them shout to the barman.

One of the men was, now, nuzzling my ear and my neck as another unclipped my bra, freeing my 32b tits for their fun. Carl’s, callused; fingers went straight to my rock hard nipples, causing me to gasp.

I felt my skirt being pulled up around my waist, exposing my stocking tops and tiny panties. I let out a loud sigh as Al’s middle finger slid deep into my sopping pussy. 

“What the fuck…….?” I heard my husband shout. I opened my eyes to see the short fat lad, Louie, holding a pool cue across Dec.’s chest. “Don’t even think about it.” He told him.

My top and bra were quickly discarded, leaving my tits and rock hard nipples free for anyone to suck on or play with. Al and Bam Bam obliged. Their hot, wet mouths engulfing my small breasts. My hands were running through their hair, pulling them in closer and tighter, to my body. Their tongues and mouths felt fantastic as they clamped against my flesh, suckling my nipples like hungry babies.

Al now had two fingers in my pussy, and was twisting them around and around, sending me into tiny orgasmic spasms, as his thumb touched my engorged clit.

As he did this Carl and Bam Bam were still rubbing and stroking my thighs, arse and pubes.

I was enjoying myself so much, it was a jolt, when I heard Al tell me, “Take my cock out and suck it!”

I looked across at my husband who was standing, alone, grinning at me. He nodded.

Al ushered his friend’s back as he pulled his fingers out of my pussy.

I dropped to my knees and caressed the bulge in the front of his jeans. It felt quite a size. 

My fingers deftly unbuckled the belt and pulled his zipper down. His jeans quickly followed. I could see his cock swelling by the second.

With a second look at my husband, who was now sitting on the pool table, I pulled his pants over his cock.

Wow! Al’s cock sprang to attention! I ran my red finger nails along the shaft as I admired his magnificent penis. It was 6 or 7 inches long and very thick. Big blue veins twisted all the way along to the huge purple head.

With one hand he held my head and with the other he slapped my face with his cock. 

“Okay Amy, this is what you’ve been after all night, show the boys how good you are. Get sucking!” He grunted as he pressed the tip against my soft lips.

I took it in both hands and licked the underside. Then working my tongue up the shaft, I sawed his cock between my lips, curling my tongue around the shaft as I felt it growing harder and harder.

After a couple of minutes of this, I opened wide and forced the fat mushroom head past my ruby red lips into my hot mouth.

I quickly worked half of the length into my mouth and began to pump the shaft with both of my hands.

My pussy was drooling as I struggled to get the rest of the fat cock, down, into my throat. It took some work, but I managed. Al placed both hands on my head and began gently fucking my mouth.

I couldn’t keep this up for long, and had to pull away, until only the knob was between my lips. I could hear someone applaud, as another praised my ability to deep throat. I took control, again, as I sucked the tip and rubbed the shaft, causing him to jerk, as he tried to stop himself coming. He couldn’t stop, as I increased the speed of my wanking and the strength of my sucking could have pulled his spinal chord out, too. 

“Yes, yes, yes, that’s good! Yesssssssss!” He grunted as spurt after spurt of salty spunk exploded into my mouth. Slowly I squeezed the shaft until the last pearls dropped onto my tongue. 

Al’s love juice was still sliding down my throat when Carl pulled my head towards him, and forced his cock into my mouth.

I went into overdrive, sucking like a demon. My head enthusiastically bobbing backwards and forwards over his bulbous knob, flicking my tongue over his tiny piss hole. After a minute or two, I felt his body tense, and Al’s spunk was joined by his friends. I gulped down every last ounce, as he screamed, “Fuuuccckkkk!”

“Fucking Hell!” Carl turned to Al, “That’s two weeks spunk she’s just swallowed. I thought that it was gonna choke her!” 

As Carl moved away, I was shaking with excitement, as I licked the last drops off my lips. I rested on my knees, for a moment, while I regained my breath. I could feel my long brown hair sticking to the sweat on my face, as I surveyed the room. 

My calm was shattered when I heard Bam Bam’s voice, “Put her on the pool table. We’ll fuck her there.”

With that, I was half dragged, half carried across the room, men still pawing at my body.

I was unceremoniously lifted onto the table, my back pressed onto the green baize, as my legs were lifted into the air, for a jacket to be placed under my arse. The cold steel, from the frame, on my skin, made me shudder.

Someone pressed a hand on my shoulders to keep me still, while they finally removed my g-string, exposing my bloated cunt lips to them, and leaving me naked apart from my stockings and shoes.

There was an uneasy silence for a moment or two, as my legs were pulled apart and they examined my soaking wet cunt.

I looked up to see Bam Bam waving his dick at my hole.

“Aaaagh, yesssss!” I grunted, as I felt his hard cock touch my cunt lips. I was so wet; it slid into my hole very easily.

“Go on fuck the arse off her! She’s been gagging for it!” A voice shouted.

While Bam Bams cock went deeper and deeper inside me, he roughly grabbed my tits and tugged on the nipples, making me wince with pain. 

As my shoulders were released, I raised myself onto my elbows. 

Slowly he slid up and down my love tube, each time making me gasp with pleasure.

“Go on, fuck her properly! Make the fucker scream!” Someone shouted. “Hurry up! It’s my turn next!” Shouted another.

With this, he did ‘hurry up’; he fucked me with so much force the table moved! In seconds he exploded right inside my womb, filling me with loads of his hot, sticky, spunk.

My knees began to buckle as he withdrew, only for him to be replaced by Woodys’ lovely, hard cock. “Her cunt’s on fire!” he shouted, “Fucking Hell! This is fantastic!” He continued, as I met each of his thrusts, with ones of my own, as best as I could.

“Come on! Faster! Faster!” I hissed, as he lifted my legs onto his forearms, making him fill my pussy with his cock.

He didn’t last long, before he grabbed my waist, pushing his cock deep inside me when he came in bucketful’s. As he withdrew I could feel both sets of warm juices run down the inside of my thighs, and seep into my stockings.

When Shay began to spread my legs, I called out, “No! No!” For a skinny, young man he had a huge, 8-inch gnarly cock, with a big purple knob.

Startled, they all stood back as I sat up to face them. All eight, including my husband, were half-naked, with their cocks sticking out and up.

“I want that from behind!” I grinned and pointed at the massive cock. 

“Get on top, then!” Bam Bam told me. “Okay.” I smiled.

With that, he and the barman lifted me onto the table, my aching cunt gaping and dripping with the spunk of two men, for all to see.

I positioned myself on my hands and knees. My legs were wide apart, and tits dangling, as my head faced over the side of the table. Shay knelt behind me. He gently stroked it against my swollen opening, making me sigh. With a grin, he asked, “Are you ready?” I nodded, vigorously. I bit my lip as he eased it into my stretched fuck hole. My cunt felt full, when it was only half way in, so I had to adjust my hips and push back to accommodate the rest of his monster cock. God! Was it worth it?

“Yes, yes, yes, yes!” I shouted, at the top of my voice, when his knob hit my womb.

“Yes, yes, oh fuck, yes!” I continued, as I gripped the side of the table, as his balls banged against my arse. He built up a steady rhythm, pushing his monster in quickly, then pulling it out slowly. This was so good; I wanted it to go on forever. This must have been the biggest cock that I’d ever had. I was in ecstasy as he fucked me like a raging bull. 

“Yes, yes! Fucking hell! How big is that fucking thing?” I screamed, as I shook my head, making the men laugh, as they stood around us, drinking their beer. 

“Faster, faster!” I urged him.

“FUCK!” I screamed as he responded. 

After five or six minutes he began to really speed up, nearly knocking me off the pool table. Dec and Woody had to stand in front of me, holding my shoulders, their cocks swinging invitingly in front of my face. I couldn’t resist opening my mouth, for them. Dec got the message, and pushed his swollen cock straight in. I couldn’t concentrate on giving Dec a blowjob, because Shay was hammering away, so hard, at my cunt, so he held my head, in place, and fucked my mouth. 

Suddenly, Shay, stopped, “Shit! I’m coming!” he shouted as he pulled his meat out of my squelching pussy, making me squeal. 

“N, no, don’t stop!” I tried to scream.

With Dec’s cock still filling my mouth, I could sense Shay wanking his shaft until globs of hot, white spunk splashed all over my arse cheeks. He drained the last few drops onto my arsehole, much, to Carl’s amusement especially when he rubbed it in, ‘accidentally’ poking his fingertip in. 

While the fat lad, Louie changed places with Shay; I grabbed Dec’s cock and furiously rubbed the shaft until he fired loads and loads of his lovely hot spunk into my aching mouth. Unable to swallow it all, he finished off by covering my flushed cheeks with the last couple spurts.

As I licked my lips, my husband lifted my head up to face him. “Is this as good as you’d fantasised?” I nodded vigorously.

Louie quickly pushed his cock into my cunt. Sadly, Shay’s magnificent cock had stretched my cunt so much, I could hardly feel it touch the sides.

He bent over, pressing against my back, so he could feel my tits. “Oooohh!” I sighed, as he tweaked my over sensitive nipples.

“Do you want another mouthful of spunk?” JJ asked, as he prodded my lips with his long thin cock. Again, all I could do was nod. 

“Are you ready?” He shouted to the lad that was fucking me, at the same time.

“Sure am!” he shouted back. With that they held onto my hips and shoulders, and jerked their hips like crazy! I struggled to hold onto the table as JJ pushed his long cock deep into my mouth until it touched my tonsils as Louie fucked my cunt fast and furiously, with short sharp thrusts. 
