 This spring my girlfriend and I went to Europe for a month staying in hostels everywhere we went. I'm 31 and she's 30, we're both athletic, and stylish urbanites. When we were in Prague the hostel we stayed in was an old dorm, with our own private room, however the bathrooms and showers were located at either end of the hallway. 

As soon as we both went to use the bathroom we discovered that it was cooed seeing a young woman and then, a few seconds later a young man file out. The shower room was full of mirrors, sinks and several large, fairly private showers. We laughed at this but it was nicer than some of the other facilities we'd stayed at. 

After we got settled in my girlfriend said that she was going to take a shower and invited me to come along. I said I'd be there in a minute. When I arrived I saw her clothes hanging on a hook next to the shower on the far end. I undressed, looking around to see if there was anyone around, and then slipping in. We soaped and washed each other, playfully kissing and touching until my cock was rock hard. The shower curtain wouldn't close all the way because two or three of the hooks so I kept any eye out to see if anyone had come along. My girlfriend began stroking me as we kissed, eventually sitting on the small bench inside the shower and slowly guiding me in and out of her mouth, making me tingle all over as she sucked me. After a minute or so of this I peeked out to see if anyone else was also showering. I saw a shower directly across the way was on and a guy in his mid twenties was stroking his soapy cock watching us. As far as I could tell he could only see half of my girlfriend sitting on the bench and my cock slipping in and out of her mouth. My girlfriend and I have a serious naughty streak so I leaned down, kissing her and whispering in her ear that we had a fan. 

"Should we give him a show?" she asked.

"Sure," I said.

I tugged the shower current open about half way so he could get a clear view of her sucking me and then slid my cock back in her mouth. Slowly but surely I began fucking her mouth, pumping deeper and deeper, making her take as much of my swollen cock as possible. As I reached down, playing with her pussy under the hot water I looked over seeing that our fan was leaning against the tile wall of the shower, stroking his cock with soap to the same tempo I was fucking my girlfriend's mouth. I leaned down and kissed her deeply, fingering her pussy. I could feel how swollen and turned on she was getting.

"Do you like knowing that he's wishing you were sucking his cock?" I asked.

"Yes, it turns me on a lot," she s aid

With that I turned her around and bent her over so her hands were flat against the bench, her hot, curvy ass pushed back. My girlfriend tugged open the curtain a bit more so he could get an even better view of me fucking her. I began rubbing the head of my cock back and forth against her pussy, slipping just the tip in and out, feeling her push back into me, wanting more. From time to time s he would look over, watching him stroke his cock, which I could tell she loved. Slowly but surely I began pounding her, gripping her hips, giving her lovely ass a couple of smacks from time to time. She reached down and began rubbing her clit, moaning for me to fuck her, alternating between watching me slide in and out of her and our fan stroking his cock, pumping his hips back and forth like he was standing behind her. I leaned over and began biting her neck.

"Do you like someone watching me fuck you?"

"God yes, I love it," she whispered back.

Pushing her against the shower wall, I pounded her until she came and I exploded all over her ass. After we kissed deeply and passionately for a moment. When I looked over I noticed our friend was gone.

As we dressed to go out we talked about how hot it was to be watched and how we'd have to take another shower and get "caught" in the act. That night we a few drinks and then went dancing. My girlfriend loves for me to grind and tease her on the dance floor before taking her home and sucking and fucking the hell out of her. Often we don't even make it home before we go at it finding some random place to fuck.

I was getting really turned on kissing and grinding against her ass and crotch whispering to her how bad she was for sucking me cock while someone else watched. 

"I am very bad," she said.

"I bet you would have liked it if both of us fucked you in that shower wouldn't you?"

"I would have loved it."

As I dirty talked with her I slipped my hand down inside her tight jeans and panties, feeling how wet she was getting. The club was very dark and we were off in corner.

"You're going to have to take me back to the hostel and fuck me very soon," she said.

"Not just yet, not until we have another drink," I said.

A minute later I was at the bar ordering us another round and that's when I noticed our fan. He was talking to a girl at the bar and even though it was dark I was sure it was him. At first he looked a bit embarrassed but then I introduced myself to ease the tension. He was from Canada, a student, traveling like us and friendly. As we talked my mind began turning, thinking of some way to arrange a scenario that my girlfriend would love. She's told me several fantasies she's had involving two men and the idea has always turned me as well. Finally I asked him if he wouldn't mind dirty dancing with my girlfriend and help me tease the hell out of her.

"I'd like that a lot, she's absolutely gorgeous," he said.

I told him to wait a few minutes and then come over.

When I returned she took a few sips from her drink.

"I want you to take me back and fuck me now, I can't wait any longer."

"Not until you finish your drink," I hold her and began kissing her, grinding against her. She reached down and began stroking my cock on the outside of my pants, feeling how hard I was. I waived over to Canadian and he moved over just behind her. My girlfriend had no idea he was dancing behind her until he started grinding against her ass. She was surprised, but looked back at me pleased once she realized who it was, enjoying being between us. She began kissing me deeply as I once again slid my hand down inside her pants, teasing her pussy, feeling how wet she was. After a while I turned her around and she began kissing him while I grinded my cock against my girlfriend's tight, bubble ass. I glanced down, seeing that by now she had her hand in his pants playing with his cock, while I played with her pussy. After a few minutes of this she was moaning in my ear, biting my neck in between sips of her drink.

"Are you enjoying this dirty girl?" I asked her.

"Oh yeah, but I'm dying over here."

"I'll only agree to end the teasing if you think you can be a real dirty girl."

"Believe me I am, I don't think I've ever been this horny."

With that I led her and our new friend out of the club. They seemed to think we were headed back to the hostel but I had something else in mind. On the way back I found a dark patch of woods that was some kind of neglected park. I guided her over to a bench well in the shadows and sat her down on it, kissing her. Our friend was just a few steps behind, watching and waiting to see how this would play out. 

"Take my cock out," I told her and she wasted no time undoing my pants and belt and taking me out of my boxers, letting her tongue swirl around the head, licking up and down the shaft. Soon she was pumping me in and out, eagerly taking as much of me as she could. She had told me she loved the idea of sucking two men back and forth at the same time so I waved our friend over so he was standing over her as well. A few seconds later she reached over and undid his pants as well, pulling him out, stroking his hard cock in her hand. As she started lucking and slowly sucking him she stroked my cock. After she pumped him in and out of her mouth for a while she slid me back between her lips. In all honesty it made me a tiny bit jealous watching her sucking and pumping his cock in her mouth, knowing how much she loved it, but it also turned me on a lot especially since we'd talked about this fantasy for nearly a year. 

I pulled her hair, fucking her mouth deeper the next time it was my turn, reaching down and undoing her jeans, sliding my hand inside playing with her pussy. My girlfriend loves to give head and I could tell she was getting incredibly horny sucking both of us in the darkness of the park. While she sucked me our friend slid his hand in her pants playing with her pussy.

After a while of this she was moaning and wiggling and I could tell she was very ready to be fucked so I made her stand and bent her over the bench and pulled her jeans down. My girlfriend has a lovely athletic, but curvy ass and the sight of her bent over has always turned me on. I pushed aside her black g-string, which didn't cover much and slipped right in her soaking wet pussy. She let out a moan as our friend moved around the other side of the bench so she could keep sucking him. 

The deeper and harder I would fuck her, the more of his cock she would take in her mouth. After a minute I started smacking her ass and pounding her so hard so she could barely stand it. She was moaning with his cock deep in her mouth.

"Come all over her tits, she loves it," I told him, and he pulled up her shirt and bra getting ready. Feeling that she was also getting closer I begin fingering her ass, slipping finger in and out. We were all getting really close as he pulled out and exploded all over her nipples, pushing back into me, meeting my thrusts. I began fucking her harder then ever before, fucking her ass with my finger until she moaned out that she too was cumming. I didn't waist any time pulling my cock out of her dripping wet pussy and cover her hot ass and g-string in my cum while her ass wiggled back and forth for me. I gave her a few good hard smacks on her ass and we all headed back.

Once we got back to the hostel I took her to the shower and washed and soaped her telling her what a dirty girl she had been.

"I loved every second of it," she said.

"Well then, in that case we'll have to see if we can't make you a dirty girl again on this trip."