 Kacy pulled the drapes aside to check on the blizzard that had been dumping its midwinter rage for the past twelve hours. At least it was Friday night and she didn't have to be at work in the morning. Her husband Dave would be grateful to not snow blow the driveway at six in the frigid morning. He was currently hooking up the pellet stove to the generator so they could sleep in living room where it was warm.

"Good thing we have two couches," she commented as he fired up the stove. "It's just like camping out." 

"Too bad there's no s'mores," he grinned as he checked his phone for an incoming text. "Alex is asking if he can come over and crash here, his generator's busted and he's freezing his ass off."

Kacy hesitated for just a moment before answering. "Of course, we can use the sleeper and he can take the other couch." She said casually, trying to hide the uptick in her heartbeat at the thought of Alex sleeping so close by. 

She'd never confessed to Dave that she was so attracted to his new friend. They'd just moved to this remote area and they were lucky to find a guy their age who knew the ropes. He'd been a good friend, and she felt terrible that she got flushed whenever he was around. 

She was determined to be cool about it. Kacy loved Dave and didn't want to hurt his feelings, but it was like her body was betraying her. After a decade of marriage they were happy but sometimes she fantasized about other guys while they made love. But that's normal, right? She bit her lip as the internal battle between her feelings and her guilt raged on.

"What's wrong, babe? You're doing that lip thing," Dave joined her on the couch and kissed her sweetly, his way of making her stop worrying so much. Her mouth was irresistible and soon he was slipping his tongue in and pressing his lips to hers more insistently. She thought she wasn't sexy in her conservative flannel pajamas, but he loved finding her hot soft skin underneath them. He slipped under her top and cupped her breasts, brushing his thumbs over the nipples softly, the way he knew drove her crazy.

"Mmmm, sweetie, quit it," she protested halfheartedly, pushing him away. "Alex will be here soon."

"So, he can watch," Dave said as he nibbled and licked his way down her throat, unbuttoning her top so he could kiss the tops of her shoulders. Her nipples were hard and begged for attention. Kacy moaned as he pushed her back and used his lips to torment her. Now his hands were busy between her legs, stroking her gently through her pajama bottoms. "You're so hot babe, I know I'd love to watch."

Kacy could barely think through the haze of arousal fogging her brain, so the question came out before she could stop it, "you mean watch me with someone else?" Her hips were starting to grind against her husband's clever fingers. He knew all the right buttons to push.

"Well, yeah," Dave took a break from seducing her and looked her in the eye. "I mean, it'd be kind of weird, but also kind of hot. Especially if I got to join in..." He searched her face for a reaction, thinking she'd probably be freaked out at what he had just admitted. He held his breath, hoping she was on board because just saying it out loud had made him harder than he'd been in years. 

"Omigod, babe, you are so fucking amazing," Kacy laughed and threw her arms around his neck. "I don't know if I could go through with it, but you're right, that is hot." They held each other, a little giddy with this new knowledge about the other. 

Before they could talk about it anymore, they heard a quick knock on the door before Alex came in. He'd been over so many times he didn't wait to be let in. 

"Hey guys!" He shouted from the entry, kicking off his snow boots. Dave and Kacy scrambled to disentangle themselves and Kacy yanked the sides of her top back together and tried to look casual as Alex strode into the living room. "Whoa, did I interrupt something?" He said with a wicked grin, not the least bit embarrassed. In fact, it was no hardship to see cute little Kacy so clearly aroused. Her golden hair was all mussed and her eyes were a little glazed over. If she wasn't married he'd seriously hit that. 

"Shut up, dude, or you're sleeping in the garage," Dave shot back with a smile, kind of proud that he'd been caught successfully seducing his wife. 

Alex threw up his hands in surrender. "Hey, just kidding. Thanks for letting me crash with you. I gotta get my generator fixed after this storm is over." He set his stuff down on the small couch that would be his bed for the night.

With the tension eased, the three of them went through the motions of settling down for the night. They laughed at having to use bottled water for brushing their teeth and having to carry candles and lanterns around. When it was time to get under the covers, Kacy tried to avert her eyes as Alex stripped his shirt off, revealing a hard chest and rippling abs. Did the man have to be so built? How could his skin be so tan in the middle of winter?

It was after midnight before they all settled down and conversation petered out. Kacy and Dave were spooning comfortably as Alex started breathing heavier. Kacy was starting to doze off herself when she felt Dave pushing his hips against her ass. She smacked his arm quietly to make him stop but she could feel his bulge growing between her cheeks.

"I can't help it," he whispered in her ear. "I'm so fucking turned on from earlier," his hands started to slide up to her breasts as he kissed the back of her neck. "Besides, Alex is asleep." He hoped. 

Kacy fought it for a little while, feeling badly that they were fooling around with a guest sleeping a couple feet away, but the fact that they could get caught only made the whole thing hotter. "Just be quiet," she hissed at Dave, trying to push her bottoms off without moving the bed too much. 

Dave slid his rock hard erection out from his boxers and guided it towards his wife's warm and wet pussy. He couldn't believe she was letting him fuck her like this.

She tried not to moan as the head of his cock started to probe her outer lips, then slide into her. She was so wet he slid in without any resistance. Her hands dug into the blankets and she clamped her lips shut as he began to thrust deeper and deeper. 

He gritted his teeth as sweat began to bead on his upper lip. He wanted to turn her over and pound her but he held back, trying to be quiet.

"Holy shit, are you two fucking right now?" Alex blurted out from the darkness. The couple froze.

"Busted," Dave whispered. They all burst out laughing. "Sorry, dude, we had to finish what we started."

"Hell, don't let me stop you," Alex said, reaching down into his shorts where his cock was definitely up and ready to play. "But just know I may jack off while you do. I mean, it's not like I get a lot of sex shows around here."

There was a moment of silence while they all considered the situation. Dave was shocked when Kacy quietly said, "you don't have to jack off if you join us."

The men decided that discussion time was over. 

Alex couldn't believe his luck, but quickly eased out of his shorts and slid on to the bed so that Kacy was between the guys. 

They were all hesitant at first, as if they couldn't quite believe what they were doing. Hands slid over bodies as lips explored new territory. Quiet sighs grew into quiet moans of pleasure. Moonlight washed over their bodies as blankets fell to the floor. Kacy and 

Alex kissed deeply while her husband kissed the back of her neck. 

The men finished undressing Kacy, who reveled in being loved by two men. Her husband continued to fuck her from behind as Alex licked at her nipples eagerly. 

When she couldn't stand that anymore, she pushed Alex onto his back and rose up to hands and knees. Now it was her turn to lick Alex eagerly, starting at the base of his cock to the throbbing tip. She took him into her mouth and teased the underside with her tongue in slow circles while her hand gripped the base. Dave got to his knees behind her.

He gripped her hips and thrust hard into her, making her groan. She was so wet and tight around him it was all he could do not to come. He fucked her fast and hard, watching her suck Alex's cock. There was a ripple of jealousy but also a strange pride that his wife was so fucking hot. She had Alex moaning with her oral skills, which Dave knew were amazing. Then he stopped thinking as his orgasm ripped through him before he could stop it. He spurted into her with such force that Kacy could feel each spasm of his cock. 

"Damn, baby," she said, turning her head to look back at him. He didn't know if he'd ever seen an image as sexy as his wife stroking another man's cock after she'd just taken his. He withdrew reluctantly and smacked her ass affectionately.

"Ride his cock, baby, you know you want it," he said as he relaxed back on the bed. Kacy didn't hesitate. She straddled Alex and mounted him, engulfing him like a hot velvet vise.

"Omigod, you are amazing," he breathed as his hands roamed over her supple body. Was this really happening? She looked like a goddess drenched in the blue light and lost in passion. She rocked on top of him, one hand on her breast and one between her legs. She loved getting her fingers in on the action, feeling that connection between her lips and the smooth cock sliding in and out. 

Dave watched his wife with a smile and decided to give her as much pleasure as possible. He sat up and started to suckle at her breasts as she rode Alex, which shot her up into the stratosphere. Soon she was bouncing on Alex faster and faster, moaning louder and louder. Her first orgasm was so strong she froze on top of Alex, clutching her hands on Dave's shoulders. Pleasure wracked her body, which started to convulse from the inside out. Dave kissed her as she rode the wave. 

Alex had never felt a woman come like this. It was like a fist squeezing all around his cock over and over. He held her hips lightly and let it play out, feeling honored that he was being included in their intimacy. He didn't know what he had done to deserve it but he wasn't going to waste this chance since it might be his last.

As Kacy started to come back to earth, Alex flipped her over on her back and began to thrust gently back and forth, stoking her fire up again. Dave watched his friend slowly fucking his wife and started to feel a twitching response as his cock came back to life. With every sigh his wife let out, the harder he became. 

Kacy was drowning in all the sensations. She couldn't believe her husband was letting Alex fuck her, and that he even seemed like he was enjoying it. She felt like a prisoner let out of jail and entering a judgment free zone where she could be as crazy passionate as she had ever wanted to be. It didn't hurt that Alex was an incredible lover, so attentive and gentle. Plus his body was smoking hot. As he began to pick up speed she completely let herself go and enjoy every moment. 

She felt Dave kneel by her head, and the tip of his cock touched her cheek. She quickly wrapped her lips around it while grasping the base with her hand. Both men instantly hardened even more at the sight of Kacy with two dicks in her, thrashing around, inhibitions in the wind. 

Alex almost came at the sight and couldn't bear for it to end so soon so he pulled out. Kacy was surprised and gazed up at him, but his head had disappeared. Then she heard him whisper against her thigh.

"I've been dying to taste this honey," his tongue was soon snaking into her, circling her clit and then going back deep inside her. Kacy moaned and grabbed a handful of his hair with her free hand. To have Alex's mouth on her while she sucked on her husband's cock was unbearably erotic, tongues swirling and the three of them moaning in tandem like a primitive song. 

Alex slid a hand under her buttocks and around her upper thighs so he could keep up with her bucking hips. His tongue flicked back and forth over her clit with just the right amount of pressure, faster and faster until Kacy's legs started to tighten around the sides of his head. He slipped two fingers inside her and started to stroke her while he lapped up her delicious pussy. 

He could feel her begin to tighten around his fingers and knew her next orgasm was about to hit. When it did Kacy popped Dave's dick out of her mouth so she could watch Alex's head working between her legs. 

"Yessss, baby, yesss," she hissed, shuddering all over. 

Alex wasted no time slipping his cock back in her, and she went back to giving Dave the most epic blowjob of his life. The two men seemed to sense that this was the home stretch. Both worked Kacy as she had never been worked in her life. She didn't have time to react as both men pounded her from above and below. She just gave herself over to their pleasure. As Alex's thrusts deepened and his breathing quickened his pubic bone ground against her clit so that Kacy felt another orgasm building. She grabbed Alex's ass and pulled him in even closer. 

The three of them hovered on the edge of the cliff, Kacy was the first to go over. She cried out again as her body convulsed. 

"Fuck, fuck, I'm coming," Alex muttered as he pulled out and sprayed Kacy's abdomen and breasts with his cum. 

The sight of another man spurting all over his wife was the last straw for Dave, who pulled out of Kacy's mouth and came all over her face. He'd always wanted to do it, but was afraid she would think it was dirty. Tonight all bets were off. 

They all collapsed back on the bed, spent and satisfied. Kacy was so blissed out she didn't care she was covered in cum. She laughed when both men nuzzled into her neck. She let out a long sigh.

"I hope it never stops snowing," she sighed.