 As steam drifted around her, Kacy steeped in the luxurious bubble bath so sweetly drawn by the two men in her house for the weekend, her husband and their friend Alex. 

The memories of the night before flushed her cheeks as much as the water did. She had always considered herself a little uptight in the sex department, but after her first threesome she felt like a certified sex goddess.

Breakfast had been a little awkward, each of them stealing glances at the other two over the normalcy of eggs and coffee. They wondered how to act now after the intimacy they had shared. Dave finally broke the ice. 

"Well, I don't know about you guys, but this is weird," he said with a shy smile. "But it's a good weird, right?" The others laughed, and the tension started to melt.

"A very good weird," Alex said, running his hands through his dark hair nervously. Kacy thought he looked adorably vulnerable in that moment. "Look, you guys are amazing, and I don't want you to feel like I'm trying to horn in or anything. It was just so fucking sexy to be with you last night. I'm totally up for being your third whenever you want, as long as you want." He looked at the couple, his friends that were now magically his lovers. There was a cautious hope in his deep green eyes.

Kacy had heard enough to know she had hit the jackpot with these two. Everything was cool, and could only get better. She rose from the table and kissed her husband softly on the lips, then turned and did the same to Alex. Both men were left smiling.

"I say this weekend we just enjoy ourselves and see where it goes," she said softly.

"Amen to that," Dave said with a fist pump. 

They had giggled like kids as they cleaned up the dishes. Alex whipped her butt with a kitchen towel as Dave nibbled on her neck. Kacy rubbed her breasts suggestively against Alex's back as she reached over him to put a glass away. Before long she had erections poking at her from both sides, hands running up and down her body and under her pajamas.

Laughing, she reluctantly pushed them both away and insisted that she needed a bath before they went any further. They had practically raced each other to the bathroom.

As the water cooled, Kacy sighed and pulled the plug. She felt a hundred times better. Her fluffy robe was like a soft hug around her. She opened the bathroom door and heard a dull thud in the living room. What were those boys up to?

When she entered the living room she laughed at the scene before her. The furniture was pushed against the wall, clearing a wide space on the floor. Two mattresses were laid next to each other and piled high with every blanket and pillow in the house. It was like a giant rumpus room. 

The men stood together, freshly showered and shaved, clearly proud of themselves. Her men.

"Wow, you two have been busy," she commented as she casually dropped her robe, revealing her naked body, rosy from the bath. Two sets of eyes devoured her as she settled down on to the love nest they had made. She patted her hands on both sides of the bed, bright blue eyes twinkling as she smiled suggestively. "I think you've earned a reward."

The men looked at each other, grinning. They dropped their shorts and leapt into the bed.

Any hesitation from the night before evaporated into the wintery sunlight streaming in. Kacy took turns kissing the men as they gently fondled and caressed her body. Alex shifted down a little, teasing her clit with a lightly stroking finger as he circled her nipple with his tongue. Dave broke his kiss with her to look down at the sight of Alex pleasuring his wife's tight little body, his dark skin contrasted against her pale pink coloring. 

"Damn, that is hot, baby," he said as he joined Alex and licked and nibbled on her other breast. She smelled like the coconut lotion she liked to use and he imagined they were all stranded on some tropical island together.

Alex couldn't wait to taste that pussy again and was soon between Kacy's legs, spreading them wide and gazing at her glistening pink folds. He ran wet kisses up her thigh and then started running his tongue over her outer lips ever so slowly, teasing her clit by going agonizingly close but not touching it. 

Kacy pushed herself onto her elbows so she could take in the sight of both men pleasuring her. "Omigod you guys are making me so fucking wet," she breathed. She met Alex's eyes as he finally ran his tongue over her clit, making her shudder. "Yessss...ohhhh...suck my pussy..." she threw her head back as Alex suckled on her clit and slid his fingers inside her. He crooked his finger at just the right angle and she instantly tightened around him, her back arching off the bed. She flooded his mouth with her sweetness and he lapped it all up. He couldn't get enough of her.

Dave had never heard Kacy talking so dirty and it was driving him crazy. He felt like he could finally do some things to her he'd always wanted to do. He pushed her back flat and straddled her head, grasping his cock and swiped the tip back and forth over her mouth. She wrapped her lips around him as her hands over his belly and up to his chest, teasing his nipples. 

He looked down at her mouth full of his cock and started to pump his hips. It was the sexiest sight he'd ever seen. "Take it deep, baby," he whispered. "You know you love my dick in your mouth."

She groaned as her husband fucked her face while her new lover replaced his mouth his own swollen member. 

Alex slid into her engulfing heat with a moan. "Fuck, that pussy is so sweet," he said as he watched her lips stretch tight with each thrust. He had his hands under her knees and used them to pull her hips tighter to his each time he bottomed out in her.

The sounds of Kacy's lips slurping mixed with that of her wet pussy being slammed and the three of them panting like animals.

Alex rubbed his thumb over her swollen clit as he fucked her, making her come again in a flash of heat. He loved the way she spasmed around his cock when she came. Dave watched her face as she orgasmed. He could feel her crying out, the sound vibrating through him. He pulled out to let her savor the moment.

When her shudders started to subside, Alex pulled out also, sensing that Dave could use a turn. "You gotta get some of this pussy, dude," he said as he rolled off to the side. He stroked his erection as he watched Dave flip Kacy over onto her hands and knees. 

Her sweet little breasts started to sway back and forth as Dave began his onslaught. Watching them fuck was a thousand times more arousing than any porn he'd ever seen. To be within arm's reach of two people in the throes of desire was pure intoxication.

"Alex, stop jerking off and get that cock over here," Kacy commanded with a sly smile. Who was he to question? He scrambled over and positioned himself so Kacy could suck him off, which she did with enthusiasm. Man, the woman could give some head.

Dave was loving the feel of his wife's ass in his hands while he drove himself into her. The way it rippled with each thrust, the soft cheeks fitting into his hands so perfectly. He licked the thumb of his right hand and dipped it in her crack, searching for the most sensitive spot. When he reached it he could feel her tense and she made a muffled sound of surprise.

He'd always wanted to touch her there while they fucked but he'd never had the guts to do it. Maybe it was his testosterone raging, but he wasn't going to let her pull away now. "Don't you fucking move," he demanded, as he yanked her backwards with his free hand. "You're my little bitch now." He continued to pound into her as his thumb probed her.

Kacy's eyes went wide with his demands as well as the sensation of his finger working it's way up her ass. She never thought he had that kind of raw sexuality inside him. He was completely dominating her and she loved it. Then she lost all power of thought as the most intense orgasm overtook her. 

As she came, her mouth tightened on Alex, who couldn't hold himself back another moment. He grabbed the sides of her head and thrust his hips up as he shot his load deep into her throat. "Ahhhh...fuck...suck me...yessss". His abs twitched as he spurted time after time. He felt like he was going to pass out, it was so intense. 

The sight of Alex coming into his wife's mouth drove Dave even crazier. Kacy started to scream out, "fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," like a mantra as he punished her with his deep thrusting while he worked her asshole even harder.

He felt a massive orgasm start deep in his sack and build to the point he thought he would explode. "Yeah, baby, I'm going to come all over you," he panted as he he pulled out and held his cock, spraying thick white ropes of cum all over his wife's back and ass cheeks. Kacy moaned with every hot load that hit her, knowing she had driven her husband wilder than she'd ever imagined. 

"Holy shit," Alex said as we watched the money shot right in front of his eyes. Kacy looked up at him with the wicked smile of a woman well pleasured before collapsing onto her belly, her head pillowed on Alex's thigh. She practically purred in utter contentment. 

Dave flopped down next to her with a similar expression on his face. The three of them laid motionless as the minutes passed, basking in the pleasure they had shared. There didn't seem to be any words for what they felt, so they contented themselves with silence as they drifted into a dreamless sleep.