 Tammy and I were a little over three hours out from Destin when we decided to stop for a light lunch to take the edge off before our dinner meeting. The normal seven hour drive from Sarasota proved to be a little longer due to some heavy rain, but it was still very pleasant thus far, because her fun conversation made it interesting to me and seem much shorter.

As we walked in to the little seafood shack, Tammy came right out and asked if I had booked us separate rooms. I smiled and told her that I had reserved a small villa within walking distance of the beach front hotel that the project owner both owns and lives in. 

I told her that it had a nice great room, two bedrooms and two baths, three if you include the full bath in the outdoor garden behind the privacy fence. 

Tammy thought for a minute and asked: "Is it on the beach?"

I answered: "His hotel is, these villas overlook the main road and the beach is directly on the other side of it with an unobstructed view and at night and in the early morning you can hear the surf."

I went on to say: "I have stayed there on business before and I find it to be a little more private than being right on the beach and having to listen to all the late night party noise before the beach patrol runs them off."

After we were seated and placed our orders, Tammy asked: "What can you tell me about who we are going to meet with this evening?"

I answered: "Jim and Vicki Baire, he goes by Bear, not Jim or even Mr. Baire, just Bear. He is extremely wealthy, owns most of the beach and beach front buildings and some businesses for a couple of miles. He is in his early seventies. She is kind of eccentric, an artist of sorts and I would put her in her late fifties early sixties at best.

Tammy asked: "What are they like, what makes them tick?"

I answered: "I have only met them a couple of times, she seems to be a bit of a flake, always displays cleavage, kind of pushed up in an open blouse look. She keeps her short hair dyed jet black with a golden blond streak down one side, but she seems nice. He is quiet and mostly business. That's about all I know, but I have been told that if you get in good with his firm, you're set for life."

Tammy replied: "Well, we'll just have to see what we can do."

I said: "Don't get your hopes up, he mainly deals with the real heavy hitters of construction. I'm just grateful that he gave us this opportunity to build on, though it may take several years to get totally in, I consider us blessed." 

About two hours and forty five minutes later we had pulled into the parking lot that houses the villas. I retrieved the keys from the office and I was holding my bags and the door open as Tammy wheeled her suitcases in.

She grinned and said: "This is really nice, much nicer that Colorado."

I responded: "You're telling me. There's the master bedroom suit with full bath accommodation's, right back there for you and I'll take the smaller one up in the loft."

Tammy said: "Yah, like that's going to happen. Let's just put our bags in the master, have you got anything to hang up?"

I answered: "Just a couple of dress shirts and slacks, the rest can stay in my suitcase." 

And we started to share the closet, but like I've said, Tammy's fun like that.

While I was placing my shaving kit next to her makeup bag she popped her head in the bathroom door and asked: "How long do we have before we meet with Vicki and Bear?"

I looked at my watch and answered: "About forty five minutes to an hour, we need to meet them in the lobby of his hotel by seven and its less than a block away."

She said: "Fine, I'll get a quick shower down here if you don't mind taking yours upstairs for now."

I said: "No way."

When she looked a little surprised and a bit hurt, I looked at the bed and jokingly asked: "Don't we have a little time?"

She grinned and said: "Peter, that's nasty, I've been on the road for over seven hours!"

I said: "You're right."

And I handed her a bottle of mouthwash and said: "Go ahead and use this, I'll give you thirty seconds, then I'm coming in after you."

She said: "There'll be plenty of time for that after dinner. Go on up and get your shower and maybe we can get there early enough for a drink, I can use a beer."

Before I had the chance to protest, she read the look on my face laughed sarcastically and said: "I'll leave my panties on the outside doorknob for you again."

Thirty or so minutes later we were in the hotel lobby bar enjoying a cold craft beer. Ten minutes later, Bear put his hand on my shoulder and said: "Good, you're hear early, their getting our table ready now."

As we turned, I introduced Tammy to Bear and Vicki as our Technical Administrative Director and after the pleasantries of smiles and handshakes, I asked them what they were drinking and ordered us all a round that upon receipt, we took directly to the table. 

Tammy is a master, the moment I pulled the chair out for her she engaged Vicki in conversation and if it wasn't for the vast difference in their ages, you would think that they were lifelong high school buddies. 

Vicki didn't disappoint me, jet black hair, longer on one side in a golden blond panel that hung down the whole side of her face, longer than the rest of her cut and it curled against her neck. She was wearing a tight black and white floral print dress that accentuated her tiny waist, big round butt and signature pushed up cleavage. Tammy looked over at me as to say: "Peter, you were right."

As the girls chatted about everything from Zumba and what brand of treadmill Tammy prefers to Vicki's art, Bear got right down to business with the standard concerns and appropriate questions until the Hostess handed out menus, recited the specials and asked if she could freshen our drinks. 

Two seconds later, Vicki grabbed her purse and announced: "Listen, I need to run to the restroom."

Tammy grabbed her purse and said: "Hey Vicki, I'll go with you."

It always amazes me that women in restaurants insist on going to the restroom together. I also find it odd that they can't go without their purses, but there they went, chattering all bubbly like a couple of high school cheerleaders and I was proud of how Tammy nailed it by getting in the head of this much older woman. It was at that moment that I thought: "we may have a chance to get in on all future Baire Corp. projects."

I looked over at Bear and confidently asked: "Have you any other questions or concerns that I can address?"

Bear looked at me and said: "Hell Peter I researched your product and I'm happy with the system's performance reviews. I have the signed contract right here with me. I love eating at this place and I get to order whatever I want at business dinners like this instead of all the bland doctor's orders crap that Vicki insists I eat." Then he smiled and slid my copy over to me.

When the first tray of iced raw oysters arrived, I looked up and saw the ladies were on their way back to our table and to play along with Bear, I waited and as they sat back down I said: "Good, if you have no further questions, it's settled then."

He smiled approvingly and said: "I'll have all of the required subs in the conference room here at my hotel day after tomorrow at ten thirty in the morning for your project briefing presentation." And we stood and shook hands. 

I looked over and grinned at Tammy and noticed that her smile was gone and she had a hint of a menacing look on her face. When my eyes instinctively darted to Vicki she was still smiling but somehow avoiding any real eye contact with me. I looked back over to Tammy and kind of got that: "I'll tell you later." Look.

The oysters were good enough to order a second tray, their lobsters looked great, but I had my regular rare New York Strip and loaded baked potato and the conversation was pleasant but Tammy was much more somber now.

When Vicki suggested an after dinner drink, I graciously declined and said that we needed to get back and situated in our rooms, but told her that we may take a rain check tomorrow evening. We both thanked them for a great dinner and evening and then we left. 

As soon as we were out the door, I looked at Tammy and asked: "What's wrong?"

She answered: "Keep walking, I'll tell you when we get back to the Villa." And we walked that half block in silence.

The minute we were inside, Tammy said: "Get us a drink, you may want to sit down for this." 

I found two rocks glasses in the little bar and with Ice in the ice maker and from my handy bottle, I poured us both a scotch and said: "Here you go, now tell me ...What's up?"

Tammy looked down at her glass and announced: "Peter, Vicki's bisexual."

A bit shocked to hear that, I asked: "Really, I'm surprised, but is that all that's bothering you?"

She looked up at me and said: "Let me finish."

After a pause and a sip, she continued: "She wants us to share her."

Without thought, I reacted: "What?"

Tammy took another drink and clarified: "When we were in the ladies room, she waited until we were alone, checked out each stall, then said that she would like to get naked with the two of us. When I asked her what she meant by that, she laughed out loud and told me for sex."

Without thinking, again I reacted: "What?"

Tammy snapped at me: "Pay attention, Vick wants us to join them for sex ... She likes couples!"

I interrupted: "Them. What do you mean by them. Is Bear in on this?"

Tammy answered: "Let me finish, stop interrupting, this is hard enough. Vicki says she loves sex and Bear is too old, but he likes to watch and that is the only way he will approve of her being with a couple. She told me that she normally sets it up. When I told her that I wasn't sure that we would be interested, she told me that they would insure we get the first crack at all future construction projects, as Bear's primary General Contractor."

Watching her little lips move, but still in disbelief of what I was hearing I blurted out: "This is improper, I need to call that bastard!"

Tammy replied: "Peter no! She asked that I discuss this with you and that we sleep on it."

"Tammy, you're not actually considering this, are you?" I blurted out.

Tammy looked me right in the eye and answered: "Peter, I hate my job. I haven't given notice yet so that I can receive all of the vacation time that I accrued. Because it's owed me. That's how I manage to get away for these projects, not to mention this second enjoyable trip with you. If it would secure growth for your company so that you can provide full time employment for me, you're damn right I'm considering it and let's face it, Darrold's health isn't all that good and I'm not sure how much longer he will be able to work. So again I'm considering it, you're damn right I am."

I said: "Tammy, calm down, we can always work something out with the job. I don't want to feel like I'm pimping you out. You may not realize it, but you are very important to me. This is a big step and ... Have you ever been with another woman?"

Tammy fired back: "You wouldn't be pimping because it is my choice and no! I have never been with a woman."

I said: "Isn't that something to at least think about?"

Tammy answered: "Please make us another drink and let's see how this whole thing looks in the morning."

The actual timing couldn't have been worse when the phone rang and it was Darrold and I said: "Hello."

"How'd the dinner go?" His voice asked all excited from the other end.

"Hey Darrold, it went fine. We have a signed contract and maybe some firm future projects under consideration that may keep us here another day or two ... To button up." I answered.

"Are you serious?" He asked. then before I could answer he added: "Man that's great! Is Tammy around?"

I glanced over and Tammy was shaking her head "no" and silently mouthing: "Not now."

"Darrold, I'll have to have her call you." I replied.

He said: "Just tell her that I'll call her later, she probably has her phone plugged in, it goes directly to voicemail. I'll touch base with you tomorrow evening, good luck." And the call ended.

Tammy said: "I just wanted to finish this business without losing my train of thought by talking to him."

I replied: "Ok then, but I'm not moving forward on this without some form of written validation, if we're going to get fucked, I at least want it only to be physical."

Then I started to say: "Darrold says ..." 

And she replied: "I know I heard him."

Two drinks and silent thought later, she took my hand and lead me to the master suit. With all of the lights on, she helped me out of my cloths and then she let me watch as she undressed. Tammy was almost too cute, petite, short natural black hair, not the died processed look of Vicki's and she had the cut, defined and toned body of a gymnast. 

The room was cold from the combination of the ceiling fan and air unit and when I started to turn down the bed to get under the covers she stated: "I may want this on top of the covers with the lights on."

When I inadvertently cut her a odd look she explained: "Vicki said that Bear likes her on display with all the lights on."

I replied: "I'm not Bear and you don't need to be on display for me or anyone else, damn it. Turn out the lights and come get warm next to me."

I slipped between the top and bottom sheets with my head on the pillow and my right arm over my head as Tammy killed the lights and crawled in to the right me. She laid her head on my shoulder, hugged her right arm on my chest and her right leg over mine. 

As I laid in the dark watching the ceiling fan wind down to a stop while taking in her hypnotic scent, she softly asked: "Peter, why are you being so protective of me over this?"

I almost misspoke but I took a deep breath, regrouped my thoughts and answered: "Because you're important to me and you mean more to me than just sex for a business deal." 

Before I allowed her to respond, I asked: "Can we leave it at that?" 

Without answering, I felt her little cool palm slide down from my chest over my stomach. Avoiding my cock, it came to rest on my balls. She lifted them up toward my throbbing shaft, sat up, crouched down on her knees bent over and took me in her mouth.

My arm came down and when my hand found her little soft smooth foot, I pulled her from her uncomfortable crouching position while gently lifting her tiny torso and placing her face down on top of my chest. I breathed in every bit of her feminine aroma from between her legs, as deep in my lungs as it would go.

It was marvelous and I savored as much as I could take in before gently working my mouth over her pussy and my nose up in her ass.

The fact that Tammy is so short compliments her. It makes her even more incredibly cute and an exact fit for her tiny ass between my mouth while her's is on my cock, it's as if she were made for me. 

Her oral prowess stems from the single fact that she has a deep desire of it and enjoys the act, period.

You know, I just can't stress this enough or drive this truth home too often, but a woman who pleasures herself in the gift of giving head to the man without being prompted is a real woman. Any woman who finds this distasteful or intends to use it as some form of control isn't worthy of your time. The ones who level faux claims that they can't because it gags them or some other ridiculous reason should commit to a rigorous practice regime and learn how to take it down the throat and control their gag reaction to add pleasure to their mate. I am quite large and Tammy is tiny and petite with a little mouth and she takes all of it just fine, so please, don't fall for that crap. Training is the answer, partner replacement the only alternative. 

As my large bulbous head popped past her uvula on it's way down her throat, she wrapped her tongue around my shaft and I had to tell her to stop from fear of me cuming. When she playfully intended to stall, my tongue found her clit and remembering her reactions from last time, I put us in a standoff.

Finally she raised her head and whined: "Peter, you know that drives me crazy and I want to save that for last."

"So do I." I responded

I gently rolled he onto her back, did a one eighty and kissed her full on her open mouth. As I felt her start to part her legs, I got to my knees, kissed the bottoms of her tiny feet and placed her ankles on either side of my face.

With both of her hands now holding my dick, she positioned it's angry purple head between her inner lips and whispered: "Easy." 

And I slowly pressed and fed myself in.

As the head of my cock started to slowly stretch her vaginal wall, squeegee and compress the warm creamy moisture against the bottom of her vagina, she took in a quick breath through her mouth and I could feel her heat increase around my shaft as if she was on fire. 

I started slow long pumps, waiting for her direction and just when I started to pick up the pace, she began to pant into short little breaths and with the quiver of a deep seated chill, her fluids released around my shaft and started to cum.

I didn't wait for her verbal instructions of "faster!" I was in tune with her emotions and I picked up my peace accordingly and when I felt her hand grip the back of my neck and her repeated whispers of "oh my dear God" in my ear I stopped and let her grind herself in to me.

"My dear God Peter, my God!" She continued to pant.

And all that I could say was: "Tammy, sweetheart, you are on fire!"

Finally she stopped and said: "Just give me a minute and let me catch my breath."

As I dismounted her we turned around to correct the way we were in the bed and Tammy got up on her knees and presenting herself to me.

I said: "Tammy, we don't have to."

And she cut me off: "I want to feel you cum inside me."

On my knees close up behind her, I pushed my erection down a bit and lubed it up again in her vaginal juice. Licking the sweat from the crack of her ass I straightened back up, arched my back and worked the oversized head of my cock in her tight little anal bud and advanced as slow and as tender as I could.

When I felt her start to move in a counter rhythm, pushing back against each of my forward advances, I started to cum. I grabbed both cheeks of her pretty little butt went in balls deep and stopped. With each hot spurt she started to cum again and I swear to you that her tight little bowel grabbed my cock so hard that it felt as if she was trying to pinch my dick off.

All of a sudden my nut sack and the tops of my thighs became warm and wet and I knew that her last orgasm came from her very core.

My heart was pounding in my ears and I didn't realize that she was continually yelling: "Oh yes! Oh yes!" Until such time as my own orgasm finally subsided.

I held myself in her as long as I could and as I started to go soft, I slowly pulled out. Totally exhausted, I felt my cock drop against my sack, in between my balls and it was over.

We moved her out of the huge wet spot and I collapsed on my back with my head on my pillow and my right arm back up over my head. Tammy's hot sweaty little body lay right next to mine and her right arm went back to hug my chest and her right leg went back over mine and we were in the same position where all of this had started from.

"Are you ok?" I softly whispered as if someone was actually there in the room that I didn't want to hear that question.

Tammy whispered back, directly in my ear: "No Peter, I am beyond ok. I am freaky wonderful."

Then to my dismay, she added the question: "So I am important to you and mean more to you than just sex, what exactly did you mean when you told me that?" 

I answered: "If I could put it into words, and I can't, do I really need me to detail it out for you?"

She answered: "No Peter, I am so glad that I am not the only one of us to have such feelings."
