 Some people would think I'm insane for living the life I do now. I only know that this is the happiest I've been in a long time and I think the only way I can rationalize things is to share them with my readers and let them make up their own minds.

I am reaping the rewards of a second turn in life, so to say. Yet, I would not be enjoying this newfound zest for life had I not experienced the first signs of success.

Most of you will know me as Eric O'Neil, a very successful author of thrillers and detective novels. My best-known character is a vivacious, attractive New York homicide detective named Kate McShane. To date, I have written over 52 novels featuring the character, plus other lesser-known works. Some of you may recall my predilection for naming the novels alphabetically -- for example, my own favorite in the series, N is for Nightshade. As I have now concluded the alphabet, I'm thinking of having a new twist. Perhaps I'll feature criminals from different countries -- say, for example, C is for Canada. Of course, we all know a criminal mastermind could not possibly come from Canada -- they're simply too nice.

Just kidding as many of you will ascertain -- I am Canadian, born and bred. I am also fairly sure you can find some of my ex-girlfriends who will also divulge I can be a real son of a bitch when called upon.

I was not by any means an overnight success, but I did have several prominent authors champion me from an early age. So, by the ripe old age of 27, I was earning a living as an author and able to stop teaching. I still guest lecture several times a year, because I believe in giving back.

It was at one of my earliest such lectures that I met and was totally captivated by Jade Michelle. Originally she had come to the University of Toronto to follow a relationship that went bust quite early on. Enjoying our climate "for a change of pace" she said -- I never believed that -- she stayed on for a while, working in a local pub and paying her own way entirely. Jade was no one's charity case.

I became a regular at that pub and realized soon that this was no mere infatuation. I was falling hard for this girl and just as that came to light, she announced she was returning to Hawaii. It had only taken her two rough Canadian winters to send her packing for warmer climes. What was a boy to do now?

This was no time to second guess myself. I got down on one knee and proposed. Jade shot me down. She didn't want someone marrying her just so they could "own" her. I assured her that I had been thinking marriage for a while now, although the Hawaii part had thrown me for a loop. I was by then making enough money that I could afford to have two homes and even though I am a true Hoser, I'd had enough of Canadian winters myself. A life with this exotic beauty held a lot of promise if I could just make her see that as well.

I find myself wondering if Jade had been a barrister in a previous life. For every reason I had for us to get married, she had a rational counter-argument. Finally, I tried a stunt worthy of Perry Mason -- I tried a completely different tactic.

"We should get married..." I said, looking directly into her deep, dark eyes and drawing a deep breath "... because we love each other."

She frowned, then realized that she couldn't play the deception too well. "You rat," she shook her head, jet-black curls cascading everywhere. "Leave it to you to find the one argument I couldn't win. You're right, of course, we do love each other."

Yes, that little factoid had been virtually undeniable since our second encounter. We had yet to even start dating, but a heated discussion between us over a chapter in my then-latest novel had fueled a sex-filled night of passion that kept us both from working the following day. There are things Jade did in bed that first time that I still can't put into words -- and don't forget what I do for a living.

Jade was the type of woman who was up for anything -- and I mean anything. Earlier in our relationship, she had noticed a young woman attending one of my lectures who was paying just a bit too much attention. "She's really into you," Jade said of the attractive, busty young redhead. "I bet that all you'd have to do is ask and she'd fall right into bed with you."

I shook my head. "Perhaps she just likes my writing, might that not be it?" Jade shook her head as if to tease me. "Her name's Molly and she's been to my entire series of lectures. Around here, the powers-that-be don't really like us going out with students. Besides, I'm involved with you, aren't I? I rather strongly doubt that Molly missed the dark-haired goddess hanging off my arm."

Jade took compliments well and adored getting them. "Invite her to join us for a drink afterwards. I wouldn't mind sampling a bit of that myself," she grinned, hoping to startle me. She succeeded.

"You are really taking a leap of faith," I responded. "How do you know she wouldn't take offense to that? She might not want to share me with another woman or might not be bi? Let's just let it be?"

My words had fallen on deaf ears, because Jade had already left my side and was now - "discussing" things -- with the attractive coed. When she sauntered back over to my side with an exaggerated, she held a tiny scrap of paper in her hand. "Her cell phone number," Jade purred as she ran her tongue along her lips. "We're to give her a call when the lecture concludes, she's going to go home and `get prepared', as she put it. I guess the work can wait when naughty is in the offing."

"So, little Miss Molly is bi?"

"Oh no, she's been perfectly straight -- until now. I believe any straight woman can be bi if given the proper incentive," Jade said as I went over my notes.

"And sex with me was the proper incentive?" I chuckled.

"Oh no, I'm the incentive," Jade said as she brushed lint from my jacket. "She probably would have given up on you after a bit more rejection, I'm just the sexy cherry on the very yummy cake."

Please know, dear reader, is that at this point, I had NO idea that my girlfriend was sexually attracted to women. This had all come out of left field.

If I didn't still have the notes from the lecture, I would have NO idea what I talked about that night. It's all still a blur. I can remember only two things -- my impish girlfriend kept raising her skirts to reveal an ungodly amount of stocking-clad legs -- and I desperately wanted a drink to bolster my courage.

When we arranged to meet Molly at the closest pub, I wasn't too sure just yet if I needed to get blind, stinking drunk to go through with everything my young partner had arranged. That was my only concern as my family are a little too fond of the spirits. When we walked in, Molly motioned us over to her table. I knew for sure that I'd be needing a bit of liquid courage to make it through this night.

The demure, pretty little Molly wasn't with us any longer. This Molly was all dressed up in shiny black PVC, tight pants and a low-cut blouse that left any doubters with the information Molly's impressive tits were not from the hands of a surgeon. I tried to do the gentlemanly thing and not stare overmuch. My companion did no such thing.

"You look fucking amazing," Jade said boldly. Molly didn't even blush or try to look demure. She just threw back her head and laughed.

"I do, don't I?" She beamed at the pair of us. "I figured I had some competition so I had better dress the part."

"Not competition, darling," my Jade purred. "An ally."

The girls did seem to form an alliance of sorts, one of which I wasn't really a party to. While we sat and had some beverages to get the ambiance going, it was they who were, as they say, "partying it up". They continued to flirt and tease each other, even carrying on with some of our servers and any other female they seemed to find appealing. By the time we left, we had several serious offers to expand the boundaries of our little tryst. What had started as a rather ordinary day certainly was not going to end in the same fashion.

We didn't go back to my place, in case things went south quickly -- which they didn't. Being of (relatively) sound minds and still mostly sober, we opted for Jade's eclectic love shack -- her words, not mine. I will confess that it was difficult to drive from all the delighted squeals I heard coming from the back seat of my Beemer. We all managed to tumble into Jade's apartment in one gigantic mess when I heard Molly cry out "God, I want to fuck you!" I was about to answer when I saw her planting one of my girlfriend. I had no doubt I was still an object of desire, but I'd taken a backseat to my girlfriend. No matter. Someone with less experience might have made the glaring error of getting their nose out of joint. I knew Jade well enough to trust her that I'd get my share of our lovely companion and a lot more than that. Jade wasn't the type of person to turn the situation to her advantage at someone else's expense.

The two women almost shimmied their way into Jade's bedroom, fused together as their kiss intensified. I lagged behind for a few minutes, making sure everything was in its place. I decided the wisest course of action was to let the girls do their thing and heat up before I stuck my -- nose -- into the mix. That did indeed to prove the most prudent thing I could have done.

After about five minutes of muffled squeals and yelps, I heard, loud as a bell "Hey! Aren't we missing someone?" A few seconds later, Jade poked her head around the corner with a lopsided grin.

"She just realized our threesome had turned into a twosome," Jade acknowledged. "I think you had better haul your ass in here."

I am by no means a stupid man, so I did as I was told. When I entered Jade's plush bedroom, I got a bit of a surprise. I had thought Molly was a cute, sexy, bubbly coed type. With her PVC outfit somewhat askew, I was alleviated of my preconceptions.

Her body was tight and fit, like an athlete's or swimmer's might be. Her breasts were nice and firm and there wasn't a spare inch on her -- like anywhere. I sure didn't mind getting all of these nice surprises.

"I want to watch her sucking your cock," Molly said in a voice that was almost unrecognizable. "I think it'd be so hot, her sucking you while I'm eating her fucking wet cunt."

By now, I was starting to adjust to the reality of Molly rather than the image I had built up in my head. I simply nodded and let the girls undress me while they kept much of their own outfits intact. I supposed they wanted the visual stimuli for me to enjoy.

It worked well enough, although I would defy any man not to get hard after getting some of Jade's oral loving. She could have taught classes and my cock was getting lots of long licks and slurps. I was also thrilling to the sight of the well-built redhead giving my girlfriend her all. It was far more erotic than any porn film might be. Both woemn were dressed for sex and moving in a sensual rhythm. That rhythm was being transferred to my cock as Jade sucked me. Each of us reacted in our own way. My cock was like a steel bar and I wanted to use it, but I wasn't going to rush either of them.

Watching my girlfriend debauch herself with another girl was a revelation. It was a side of Jade I had never seen before, although with her self-control with what Molly was up to, she must have quite adept at pleasing a woman. I just liked the visual of the fiery, toned Molly tasting and licking my gorgeous, exotic girlfriend. If I hadn't been practicing a bit of my own self-control, these two witches would have had me shooting my load long ago.

I wasn't too far from doing just that when Molly put a temporary stop to our shenanigans. "Hey!" She cried out to the two of us. "I want to try something, is that okay?"

"It's a bit late to be asking that this late in the game, isn't it sugar?" Jade teased her as she took a deep breath. "What do you want to try?"

Molly leaned in close and the two women made a hot show out of kissing, mostly for my benefit, I guessed. "I want him to fuck you for a little while, then I want to taste his cock once it's been in your pussy. Do you think you can hold off long enough for us to try that, stud?"

At this point, I wasn't sure whether or not I was being tested by this surprisingly-bold little twat, but I had enough confidence to nod and say "sure". Again, Jade to the rescue.

"There's a way we can all derive a little extra fun out of your suggestion," Jade told our guest. "You and I do a sixty-nine with me on top. He fucks me while we're in that position and you can lick the both of us at the same time. Do you think you can handle that?" Jade challenged Molly right back.

"Yeah," Molly nodded with a cocky little smile. "That sounds like something I could get into. You still cool with me hogging your woman?" Molly questioned.

Now I knew that I was being tested, just not by whom. "I'm fine with it, with one little correction. Jade is not my woman. She's her own woman and she makes her own choices, got that?" I looked over at Jade, who was grinning like the Cheshire Cat. Obviously I had just scored some huge Brownie points. I even got two kisses out of the deal before the ladies regrouped on the spacious bed.

I haven't said too much about what Jade was wearing, because it's a little hard to describe. It was a custom-made outfit comprised of both leather and lace, with holes cut at the breasts. It held her pert little breasts high on her chest and hugged her slender form like a glove. Jade almost always dressed for sex. Even at times where the urge just overtook us, I would find her in lacy underthings and stockings instead of pantyhose. Without being at all subservient, Jade told me that she always dressed to please her man. I sometimes wonder if she set about her campaign to win me over on the very night we met.

I moved in closer to the playful beauties and I heard it. "Holy Mother of God!" I heard Molly exclaim. "Has he been fucking you with a baseball bat all these months?"

Jade laughed and Molly grinned sheepishly. Despite her wanton attitude, Molly had tipped her hand. "I've had bigger, but not many. He's about 8 inches darling, but it's true what they say. It matters more if you know how to use it -- and he does!" With this effusive praise from my girlfriend, I began prepping for my first three-way fuck.

Even though she's used to my cock, Jade still kicks up a fuss when I enter her. She was well-lubed by Molly's licking tongue, but she still grunted and groaned like I was fucking her with a bat. I am sure some of it was for Molly's benefit and to build up my own ego. I got deep inside of her and began fucking her with vigor, the way she likes it. The bed protested a bit due to our combined weight, but it held as we put it through its paces.

Jade can manage to be vocal even at the oddest of times. Despite her having a mouthful of Molly's shaved box, she was still crying out "Ah, that's it, ohhh, baby-daddy, fuck the pussy, your baby girl loves it, fuck me, fuck me harder!" I watched in fascination as Molly licked out with her long, sensual tongue and slid it around my pole and nearer to Jade's cunt. This was, far and away, the most sensual experience of my life (up until that time, but I digress ...)

"Wow, what a talented little slut you are, Molly girl, mmmm, yesss, you are, so good!" Jade continued to encourage our new friend. "What do you think baby, is it as good as it looks?" 

I didn't do a lot of talking and just let my cock answer the question for me. Not only was I harder than I coulc ever remember being, but I felt as if my dick was burning. Not in a bad way, but like all the blood was going to one place in a giant hurry.

"Oh God, oh motherfucking God, I can't wait for him to fuck me!" Molly squealed as she came up for air. While I don't know if she intended to disrupt the proceedings, she succeeded in doing just that.

With a fierceness I didn't know she possessed until that moment, Jade pulled Molly close and they locked lips in a very hot kiss. "Okay, you fucking little bitch!" She hissed through clenched teeth. "If you think you can handle MY guy, then now is your chance. But you had better not fucking neglect my cunt, got it whore?"

"Got it, slut!" Molly said, grabbing one final kiss before getting into place on the bed. Unspoken, Jade and I had figured out how to do this. I was going to fuck our little miss Molly in the missionary position while Jade let Molly eat her out from above. Everyone in the room looked like we'd been through a tornado and none of were anywhere near reaching our goal.

I made some decisions wholly on my own. I had been fucking the holy hell out of Jade and Molly didn't even seem to blink. I had figured by then that we had all been severely underestimating Molly. Her body was cut, she obviously worked out and took care of herself. I decided that I would fuck Molly in the same manner I had been giving it to Jade -- with all burners fully on.

"Oh Christ, you motherfuckers, that's good, more, give me a lot more of that!" Molly cried out as she wrapped her legs around my back. She was a strong young lady, a lot stronger than she appeared, so I was balls-deep inside of her. Her feet were digging into my back as I fucked her and the only reason she didn't make much more noise is that her mouth was muffled by Jade's pussy being lowered on to her face. After that, the symphony that accompanied our sex was pretty much groans and grunts until the girls shared an orgasm.

I still, God only knows how, had managed to hold off cumming. Short of tying my dick into a knot, I'm not sure how the hell I managed that. Jade had other ideas. "Cum on her tits, cum on her tits!" She was almost squealing. "I've seen that in movies and it looks hot, plus, I can lick it off and get the slut off again!"

I looked over at Molly and she seemed to have no issue with it, so I did just that. She made a pocket out of her tits and I came right between them. My insatiable slut of a girlfriend followed suit by doing just as she had said she would, going down on a pile of my cum and sharing it with our wild young companion. My mind was officially blown and we were nowhere near our final destination.

Jade and Molly were insatiable that night, even beyond that, if possible. That was the first and to date, the only time I've had to beg off. That didn't deter the girls, who simply carried on without me. They even took a steamy shower together and begged me to join them. The spirit was willing, but the flesh was too weak.

When Molly left the following morning, I happened to proclaim "Well, Molly was pretty amazing for her first time with another woman, wasn't she?"

Jade nodded in agreement as she fixed us breakfast. "She sure was, wasn't she? Then again, so was I, right?"

I was flabbergasted and not sure I'd heard Jade correctly. In fact, I was sure I hadn't. "You want to run that one by me again?"

"That was my first time with another girl, did you not know that?" When I shook my head in amazement and tried to sputter out the words, she laughed. "I've always been curious, but never acted on it. I thought maybe it would be something you'd enjoy, so I went for it. Like I've said, I'll do anything to keep my man happy in bed."

Now do you understand why I would follow a woman like that to Hawaii? You don't let a free spirit like that get away. In case you're wondering, yes, we did see Molly again -- and again. She's a big part of our lives, but more on that later. I made the move to the islands with my Jade and it all went off without a hitch .

Okay, almost without ...