 This story was originally posted by IceKitten, but due to not being able to post chapter 3 she has agreed to allow me to post it under my name as well.

If you have not read chapter one, please take a few minutes and do so. 

By the time the three of us got up to the room we had already had the plans for what was going to happen next to you. Once in the room we set you in a chair in the middle of the room turned on some music dimmed the lights then opened the fridge and got out three trays with goodies on them. I took her by the hand and lead her to the table where I laid her down and tied back her long blonde hair keeping it out of the way. I take the trays one at a time and lay them out on the other table then I look to you. 


"Seeing as it is your Birthday, you should have what ever things you would like on your cake.. so you just tell me what you want your cake to taste like and I'll make it.. Oh by the way, she's the cake. I am just going to decorate her for you to eat." 

You look at us and begin to get a wicked grin on your face. One by one you tell me what you want on your B-day cake. So I begin putting things on slowly. First comes the frosting. 

I pull out a thing of chocolate frosting and start to spread it over her warm sensual body. The heat of her skin is touched by the coldness of the sweet sticky frosting making her shiver and her nipples to harden even more then they already were. The frosting slides over the swells of her breast coating them with the dark sweet goo. Then over her stomach in a long stripe of chocolate leading to her belly button then around it.. Then down to her pelvic area where I stop and look at you.. 

"What next?" I ask. 

You point to the whipped cream in the can... and I begin to apply it first to the crown of her tits then between them.. then I take it and begin to make a bikini shaped design over her neatly shaved pussy being careful to cover it all... then I look at you and you say "Cherries, Strawberries and sprinkles please." 

So merrily I begin to place pieces of fruit around her frosted body making sure to put a cherry in the right spot sliding it in just far enough so you will have to dig it out with your tongue to eat it... And there's no stem for you to cheat and grab.. 

Once done with the fruit I grab the sprinkles and start to sprinkle them along the frosting and whipped cream leaving a colorful trail for you to follow while you're eating your B-day Cake. 

I then beckon you over to me, and tell you to enjoy… Taking your hand and pulling you down giving you a kiss, playing with your tongue, as she pulls the towel off you.. I spread my legs and she guides you onto the table between them. You then lean forward and start on your way to eat your cake.. Your hands are on the table on both sides of my face… You move your head down and start to slowly kiss my neck; I take your face in my hands and start to move you downward toward your dessert as your tongue slides across the sticky chocolate. You lap up the chocolate and whipped cream as you work your way along the curves of my body. 

As you're licking the frosting and fruit off my body she comes up to us, and begins to lick what leftovers that you have missed… As you work your way south, I moan softly... My hands reach up playing with your hair as your mouth continues on its journey. Finally reaching the final destination, the cherry now what to do with it... (Didn't think you would ever get there did ya??) You give a groan sound that almost sounds like your growling, and your tongue plunges in searching for the cherry you know is there. It doesn't take long and I am moaning louder.. She continues working her way down my body, and meets you as you finally reach the cherry wrapping your tongue around it and sliding it from my pussy. The cherry juice drips from your lips, and she reaches over and kisses your lips sliding her tongue over you lips to taste the mixture of juices on them. She begins to tease me with her hand which brings me to orgasm quickly as I express my pleasure you smile… 

I then sit up, your knees still between my legs. Reach over to you, pulling you close to me, and say... "that was very nice, but I think you need some attention too." I slide off the table, and lay you down and smile over at her waving my hand as to say, you start on him and I will join when the time is right… 

Smiling I lick my lips and look at you slowly I inch closer to you and what sounds like a purring can be heard. I begin to caress you skin with my long fingers... Then where ever my fingers touch so do my lips and tongue; as I caress you sensually along your warm flesh. I lick at your flesh here and there till my tongue comes across the head of your cock making it twitch... I purr louder as it does. Tracing the head with my tongue I slowly torment you... I am just teasing you enough to make it pleasing. I reach for some frosting that was left and smear some on your cock leaving a trail from the base to the tip. Slowly I drag my tongue over the trail of gushy chocolate that stripes your hard cock.. Once I lick the sweet sticky goo from your stiff cock I think that your cock needs a bit more cleaning so I envelope your whole stiffness into my mouth making sure my tongue slide allllllllllllllllllllllll over it. I suck gently gods know I can't leave the least lil bit on you. All of a sudden I hear the sound of the can of whipped cream being shaken up... and I lift my mouth off your cock and look at her and she smiles.. Then she squirts some on the top of your cock and tells me to be a good girl and to finish all my dessert... 

She laughs at me as I lick off the whipped cream.. Slowly letting my tongue drag across your tender sensitive flesh.. Then she squirts some here and there... Leaving lil trails of white fluffy stuff for me to lick away. 

Slowly my body now comes to hover over yours.. Both my legs astride your hips... my lips brushing to yours in soft fluttery kisses, as my tongue slips past to torment your own to come out and play with mine. Looking down at you I smile... 

'So tell me is there anything I can do for you right at this moment?" (As if I don't already know the answer LOL) you reply with "as a matter of fact yes, you can fuck me now!" 

She comes over, smiles and says "nope not quite yet, I am not done with you just yet!" 

I then take her hand and walk her over to the bed, then coming back and taking yours I walk you over as well. Laying you both down side by side, I take the can of whipped cream and spray a trail from your chest down your stomach, and over your cock, I then spread your legs and spray the whipped cream over your balls, and down your thighs… I smile and tell you I am going to enjoy this snack and hope you don't mind me indulging just this one time… I then take the whipped cream and spray a tiny spot on the tip of your cock. Smile and say, "don't move I will be back" 

I then move over to her, I take the whipped cream and start to make small circles around her nipples... Then following the mounds of her breasts and making a line down her stomach, I reach her freshly shaven pussy and cover it with whipped cream... I then climb on the bed, between you and I whisper in your ear that you will have more dessert in a moment but first I must satisfy my sweet tooth… I reach your mouth; start to kiss you, as I spread your lips with my tongue. Then leaving your mouth, and moving down toward your neck, my tongue continues on its journey to explore your body… (What a nice journey this is too.) Anyway, my tongue has cleaned the whipped cream off your chest, and your stomach, so I straddle your stomach, my back to you, and I bend down to kiss just above your groin. As I kiss, my hands start to massage those wonderful thighs. (Never told you I like thighs have I?) Then skipping over the tender tormented groin part of your tense body I bend to start licking the whipped cream off your thighs... My tongue moving in circles, covering every inch of flesh, feeling every muscle as it jumps beneath my mouth. Moving to your inner thigh, I caress you with my tongue. My fingers moving freely over your hot sensitive skin, as you begin to moan quietly. 

Then sitting up I turn and look at you, smiling, I ask "are you ready?" You nod your head and then your hands move to my back and start to run your fingers freely over my body... I then feel a third hand, running along my cheeks. As I feel this I start to lick the whipped cream off your cock. Slowly teasing you with my tongue, you become harder with the simple touch of my tongue. 

She then sits up, and leans her breasts over your face, you reach up with your tongue to taste the whipped cream... Taking one nipple in your mouth, teasing it with your tongue, as I continue to give your cock a tongue bath… One hand still massaging me, as your other one begins to massage her. Her hand roams between my legs, and caresses me gently. The smell of sex fills the air… The desires that are in this room are so strong there is no way to curb them without fulfilling them. Suddenly I take your whole length into my mouth, and start to suck softly at first... Picking up speed, I take you deeper with each downward movement… Your cock becomes extremely stiff, my mouth continues to move up and down your shaft, my lips wrapped around you tighter with each stroke... My hand moves just below my mouth stroking you hard and fast… I moan periodically while I continue to suck on you… She has now moved so that she is straddled across your chest… Her back is leaning against mine, she is lifting her ass toward you so her pussy is within reach for you to taste her, much in the same way you had tasted me earlier. (Hope you enjoy the sweet taste of cum mixed with whipped cream)