 A note to the readers: If you have not read chapters one and two please take a moment and do so...... This chapter; as with the other chapters, was collaborated with my writing partner Ice Kitten. 

* * * * *

I can feel your hands reach up and cup the roundness of my ass pulling me closer to your mouth. I move my hips closer to your hungry mouth. I can hear her as she slightly moans while she continues to suck and lick the sweetness of the cream off of your hard cock. I feel the tip of you tongue touch the soft yet hot sticky flesh of my pussy, the moment I feel your tongue touch my flesh I shiver and moan. Your hands grab my ass firmly keeping me in place poised over your mouth.

Your tongue snakes out and slithers into the wet sweetness of my pussy teasing it slowly, my head falls backwards and I let out a even louder moan as my hands begin to caress my skin tripping lightly over my hard nipples.

She continues her torment of your cock with her mouth and hands, moaning about you, letting the vibrations caress your hardness as her mouth and hand move up and down on you bringing you closer to cuming.

You open your eyes and can see her playing softly with her breasts as her nipples get harder with each soft touch.. Your hands pull her closer to you and your tongue darting faster and deeper into her pussy. You let out a barely audible moan which causes her and I both to moan simultaneously. I continue to work your stiffness with my tongue, droplets of pre-cum begin to form as I flick my tongue about your head, "mmmmmm tasty I whisper" 

Licking up the drops. You buck your hips to try and tell me that you want me to take you deep in my mouth, but I continue to tease as my hands move to massage your thighs. As my hands grip your tense muscles and follow the contours of the definition of your thigh leaving my fingers to play at will. As my fingers roam across your strong thigh moving down between your legs and cups your balls and begin to roll them in my hand.. My mouth moving a bit further down your shaft as I hear her moan louder and knowing this sound (having heard her in the past) I know she is very close to exploding. 

Your tongue is working as quickly as mine is on your cock.. You are keeping time with the speed that I use to bring you to that ultimate goal. My hand gently massages your balls as I go a bit further down your cock. You jump slightly in my mouth which causes a tickle on the back of my throat. I let you sit there a moment before moving down as I hear her whisper "Damn, don't stop at least not yet" She hears me moan and can tell by my sound that I have no intention on stopping on you just yet.. With that I grind myself along your stomach, causing you to feel the moisture building between my legs. My lips wrap tighter around your stiffness, and move up to the tip flicking you with my tongue, and then moving back down again. Not going any further down then I was before leaving the rest of your cock aching for feel of my mouth. Again you jump in my mouth; my hand grips your balls tighter, as my mouth moves a bit further.. 

My body grinding along your stomach; I moan and can hear her getting louder as you dart deeper into her tunnel. Then suddenly I take your entire shaft in my mouth, You fill my mouth, jumping as I take you completely, tickling my throat.. I rest you there for a moment to allow my throat to accept you. Then once my reflexes relax, I swallow which causes a pull and causes you to grab her ass, and dart your tongue so far up inside her pussy that it tickle her nose.

Her hands come to her face to sweep back the hair that has fallen from my light thrashing. While a still errant strand of hair tickles at her nose (Now would it be a bad time to say I have to blow my nose??)

I moan loudly as I feel you hands grab the firm globes of my ass which causes my body tremble and make me extend my back into a sensual arch as I throw my head back. My chest heaves up and down faster and faster as I can feel myself barely able to control my own orgasm. I can feel and hear your moans of pleasure from what she must be doing to you, tormenting you mercilessly with her mouth. Your groans vibrate deep into me which makes me squirm on your dancing tongue. You can feel the slight spasms of my pussy as the muscle clinch around your tongue. 

With lil or no control my hand reaches down and laces in the thickness of your hair not really pulling you in more as if showing you my own pleasure of what you’re doing to me. With a deep flick of your tongue the room is filled with the cries of my ultimate release. The power of my orgasm sends a flood of sweet tangy juice bathing your tongue. My thrashing only causes you to grab me firmer and hold me in place over your mouth while to feed on the sweet nectar of my passion. All I can feel is the thrum of your MMMMM which just make the after shock more intense. I let go of your hair and fall forward some grabbing the head board so to steady myself. My breathing is resorted to pants like a wild primal cat in the wilderness. My nails can be heard raking on the wood gently. Slowly I move my hips so as to move from your mouth. I move fully away from you and look at you with a hazy look in my eyes of sheer sweet joy. I can see the slick sheen of my juices that caress your face. You lift your hand to wipe it away and I still your hand keeping it from moving. I look at her as she has you totally engulfed, I whisper to her softly. "I think his lips need kissing don’t you?"

I release your cock from my mouth, and quietly say, "Maybe when I'm done" Then sliding my wet tongue up the underside of your manhood starting at the base, and working my way to the tip. Giving little kisses as my tongue teases you relentlessly. Taking your hand in hers and guiding you to my wetness, as she smiles down at you. You instantly begin to slide your fingers along my lips, caressing me. Your fingers glide over my bareness easily from all the wetness that has built up as I continue to suck on your cock like a tootsie-pop. (Ok writer needs a towel now..) She bends down next to your ear and whispers "remember your not allowed to cum yet" You nod but the look in your eyes gives her the impression you don't know if you can keep from popping. So she runs her fingers through my hair as if she’s caressing a ramped bunny in order to calm her down.

I take this hint, and allow you to slide from my mouth, I move down a bit to your thighs kissing gently and running my tongue in circles across your salty skin. Your fingers continuing to caress my bareness as one finger gently slides in and you begin to finger me. She bends down kissing and massaging your chest with her tongue. Her hand roams over your body freely, then they work their way down your chest. Her hand slowly joins yours as you both tease and play with my slit. My moans become louder and I begin to say your name quietly, my hands sliding around your thighs she can tell that I am about to explode myself.. She then slides her hand from me, taking yours from me as well and guides me over you. Your tongue instinctively reaches for my lips, and darts in deep and fast causing me to explode in seconds. My juices cover your lips and tongue. Your tongue works hard to not lose any of this sweet cum I have created for you.. My body shivers as it releases everything it has built up over the last several hours of teasing. 

Once the tremors stop my body languishes over yours in a parallel position with my head resting on your thigh. I wait for my body to calm itself totally before sliding off you. Once I have calmed down, I slide off, me on one side her on the other. Our hands never leaving your body, I look at her and say "Now I think he needs his lips kissed" We both bend down and begin to kiss your lips and clean the juices that have dried to your face. She stops kissing, looks at you and whispers "are you ready for more?"

To be continued... 

Note to readers: 

Please find chapter 4 submitted soon. Thanks and enjoy the stories. 