 -- CHAPTER 3: The Party --

***

*MAY*

I grunted and gripped her tight ass harder, pulling her body against me despite the viscous resistance surrounding us. Her long, lithe legs were scissored behind me, holding her own weight while she thrashed in our lovemaking.

I grunted again and really began to pound her. Our movements were slow, but powerful and steady. I pushed our bodies forward until her backside was pressed up against the far wall. There was a glass partition there that made a distinct thumping sound each time her hips slammed into it. The glass reverberated far louder than any concrete wall would have done.

That sound, the water sloshing, and her ecstatic moans together filled the cavernous area and echoed around us until we were surrounded by an aria of lustful pleasure.

With metronomic precision, her ass banged into the glass. I'm sure her asscheeks were flattening just slightly for the viewing pleasure of anyone who happened to be on the other side of it. Not that I cared to find out. I was too busy reaching my orgasm.

All at once, she shrieked with a final call of, "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Cum with me! Cum inside me! CUUUUUM!"

I did just that. My cock felt the internal spasms of her pussy going into overload, an uncoordinated assault of pressure and flowing honey vibrating against my sensitive skin while I slammed myself to the hilt inside of her and exploded. My dick spat out burst after burst after burst of creamy goodness where the sticky jism lodged itself against her inner walls.

She thrashed about uncontrollably, her hair flying into my face and her torso shaking so much she was splashing water everywhere. It was all I could do just to hold on and not lose my footgrip on the floor beneath me.

If someone were on the other side of that glass, they would undoubtedly see her asscheeks quivering against the transparent panel while my own hips quivered against hers.

In the end, the miniature tsunami settled down in the pool as the water calmed to an almost flat surface. Taylor lay her head on my shoulder and sagged against me, tightening her long legs around my waist. With the waterline coming up to our chests, natural buoyancy made her feel light as a feather, and I held her easily and tenderly while we both panted and gasped to catch our breaths.

For the umpteenth time I silently thanked Jeff Lee for designing this indoor pool area. Despite the unseasonably cold weather outside, I still got to play naked water nymph with my wife.

In the corner of my eye, I saw a disembodied head rise above the flat deck around the pool. The light face stood out in stark contrast against her jet black hair, perfectly framing her obviously Asian features. To the casual observer, the floating head might look a little strange. But I knew there was a hidden staircase recessed into the floor and the beautiful girl had only climbed high enough to see at us.

"Hi, Mia," I said. "You been down there the whole time?"

"Yes, the whole time," came the response in a clipped Hong Kong British accent. She rose just a little higher until her naked shoulders came into view, interrupted only by the thin string of a halter-top bikini around her neck. Her arms came up, elevating the plush bathrobe she wore as she hitched it up and onto her shoulders, wrapping the warm fabric around her body. She folded her forearms on the deck and rested her chin on them. "That looked like fun. Can I be next?"

Taylor giggled against my neck, tickling me just a bit. She said nothing but simply nuzzled her nose against my shoulder line, offering affectionate little pecking kisses along the way.

I turned back to the pretty Asian girl. With a sly grin, I tossed off a rather dirty comment in Cantonese, sending the girl into a tizzy of sexual excitement.

Taylor, who didn't understand the words but got the meaning, giggled again and then slowly dropped her legs to the pool bottom. She was quite a tall woman and stood just a few inches below me. She began to pull back her long bangs, her arm position thrusting her large, round tits into my face. Her head twisted as she glanced around side to side. And with a sensuality in her voice that I adored tremendously, she asked, "Now where did my bikini go?"

***

A few minutes later, Taylor and I had toweled off and slipped into plushy bathrobes. We followed the stairs down to the Underground Bar, an intimate Zen alcove illuminated mostly by the giant aquarium-grade glass panel which ran the full length of the room, separating the pool water from our dry little hideaway. The lights outside and in the pool filtered through the water to provide a dramatic blue hue that cast over everything in the room. Muted recessed lighting in the corners chased away any real shadows, but it still took us a moment to adjust to the dimness.

A statuesque brunette was behind the bar, already mixing me up a vodka martini and a Cosmo for Taylor. She moved with a lithe grace, muscles flexing in her arms as she moved. Her bikini was brief to show off her sizeable store-bought breasts to maximum advantage. I have absolutely no problem with fake tits, and their unnatural firmness allowed for an unsupporting bikini top more effective at teasing me than preventing back pain.

"Thank you, Rebecca," I said warmly when she handed us our drinks. Taylor offered her thanks as well before the brunette settled back into one of the chaise lounges and slipped into her own plushy robe.

Taylor and I eased ourselves down onto a wide couch to relax with my gorgeous wife nestled under my left arm. This place, with its cool blue illumination, had rapidly become a popular place to unwind. Perhaps subconsciously, everyone who came down here found themselves speaking softer and more slowly, just barely above a whisper. I saw that both Mia and Rebecca had books on side tables next to their chaises with discreet reading lamps nearby.

I surmised that Taylor and I had interrupted their quiet time when we jumped into the pool. From here, the girls must have had a clear view of the entire episode from playful splashing to stripping of swimwear to the fucking right against the glass. Searching across the viewing panel for a moment, I swore you could still see the imprint of Taylor's asscheeks on the transparent surface. I can only imagine how things must have looked a few minutes earlier.

Mia, perhaps sensing my thoughts, settled in on the right side of me and snuggled up to my shoulder while I wrapped my right arm around her. She shed her bathrobe and slowly rubbed herself against me. Our little show must have gotten Mia quite horny and she was panting softly with arousal.

For a while, the four of us just enjoyed the peacefulness and chatted aimlessly. When you're as loaded as I am, there's a lot of free time to just enjoy without any worries. The flush of recent exertion left me and the first bit of alcoholic buzz was mellowing me out. Besides, having two beautiful women to cuddle with on either side does wonders for relaxing a man.

But then, Mia's rubbing against me became rather more urgent, and she began whimpering softly.

"Give me a break, just for a minute?" I pleaded. "I'm not as young as I used to be."

Mia pouted prettily. She was 22, but half the time she acted like a dreamy teenager. Her tongue went into my ear, "Please, John. I have this empty space inside of me. And only your thick cock can ever fill it." Somehow, her accent made the words even more alluring. I'd first met Mia late last year doing the interior design of the new house. In the short time before she shacked up with a new boyfriend, Mia had shown us an addictive blend of nymphomania and flexible creativity: she was a gymnast in bed and she seemed to want sex constantly. And then last month she'd broken up with the boyfriend, and for the past two weeks the beautiful Chinese girl had spent nearly every day at our house.

Despite my recent climax, I felt iron hardness returning to my dick as Mia continued rubbing herself against me. "Hmm, I suppose I can't leave such a beautiful woman with an empty hole inside..."

"John," Rebecca's voice floated over from her chaise. Her tone was deep and had an obviously scolding note in it. "Don't forget that you have a workout scheduled in an hour. Don't go wasting away all your energy."

"Workout?" I protested. I gestured up to the glass panel. "What did you call that? Fucking underwater is murder on my legs."

In answer, Rebecca set down her Gatorade and settled to her knees in front of me. And leaning forward so that her breasts hung downward to give me an inviting view of her cleavage, she reached up and squeezed both of my biceps. "Well then, we'll have to focus our efforts on your upper body."

Mia had not given up, her tongue still in my ear as she panted breathlessly. Her left arm was cradling my head while she turned my face to meet hers for a passionately deep kiss. Her lips were intoxicatingly spicy and her tongue expertly sparred with mine as she moaned erotically.

When she pulled back, I held up my index finger to Rebecca. Right now, I was thinking with my other head. "Why don't we postpone the workout for another hour? That'll give me plenty of time to play right now."

"Again?" Rebecca complained.

"Johnny," Taylor's voice interrupted with a business-like tone that almost broke the mood. "Cassandra warned me to remind you about your conference call with the board at four o'clock. You can't push the workout back."

And just like that I made my decision. My right hand reached forward and cupped around the firm globe of Rebecca's left breast, squeezing gently. My left arm was still clutching Taylor to my side. And I turned to peck Mia on the lips for a brief moment. "Fine then. Sorry Rebecca, the formal workout in the gym is cancelled. I promise I'll make it up."

"But ladies," I continued. "I propose we go take a shower to clean up and we'll see if we can't find workout enough for everyone."

***

Part of the new home design had included a wonderfully luxurious locker room extension, worthy of a professional sports team. Rather than traipse back across the mansion, the one-room co-ed dressing area had ample room to store swimsuits and other casual wear in personalized lockers, complete with vanity mirrors.

I sat back in a comfortable chair, just watching my ladies shrug off their robes and then strip out of their brief swimwear. All three girls got playful with it, flashing me glimpses of nipple or bending at the waist to drag down bikini bottoms. And once they were all naked, Taylor and Rebecca headed off to the shower while Mia came over to undress me.

It took a good three minutes for her to remove my robe and swim trunks, what with her tongue planted in the back of my mouth and all. It's a miracle I didn't just take her right then and there in the dressing room. But at last she pulled me up and out of my chair and led me into the wide, multi-head showering area with a ten-person capacity.

I'd clearly had sex in mind when working with Jeff on the shower design. For practical purposes, there were 10 ceiling-mounted rainfall shower heads and 30 horizontal sprays. For recreational purposes, I installed a state-of-the-art rubberized floor for comfort whenever I wanted to fuck someone flat. And a similarly textured bench was placed in the center for more convenient sexplay.

At the moment, Taylor was reclined flat on her back across the bench with Rebecca folded over her in a sixty-nine position. Six shower sprays were arcing across the room to splash over their bodies while each woman expertly ate out the other. Taylor was in full-out attack mode as she munched on Rebecca's bare- shaven pussy.

Rebecca, meanwhile, was being a little more careful with her lover's snatch. She'd spread Taylor's nether lips wide, letting the chlorinated water out while darting her tongue in and out to taste my cum still embedded inside.

Once Mia got a few shower heads turned on and surrounding us, she wasted no further time. She flipped around and inverted so fast I could barely react before her legs went around my neck. My arms grasped her torso as Mia got herself positioned upside-down with her head at just the right position to suck the entire length of my cock down her throat.

This was what I meant by Mia's flexible creativity. All I could do was hold her up while she gave me an upside-down blowjob, and I leaned my back against the wall to give me extra support, lest I drop her. But I still had to support most of Mia's weight in my arms, so I supposed I was getting that upper body workout Rebecca had wanted for me.

The sensations Mia was producing in my cock were absolutely exquisite. Undeterred by the occasional splash of water, her head bobbed back and forth on me with incredible suction while her arms gripped my ass to keep her in position. Meanwhile, with her legs wrapped behind my head, I found myself staring down at her juicy pussy. Mia was a few inches shorter than me, but I found that by pulling her body up just a bit I could reach her with my tongue.

She was neatly trimmed, and the oozing of her honey was an obviously different texture and flavor from the water pouring around us. Mia had re-applied herself to sucking the crown of my dick and released her right hand to pump at my shaft. And all too quickly she had me at the brink of orgasm.

Taylor and Rebecca beat me to it. Their ecstatic moans echoed in the enclosed space of the shower and I turned my head to watch them twitching together. And with fire in my eyes my arousal picked up another notch. Now I wanted to FUCK someone.

Rebecca rolled off and allowed Taylor to dismount the bench and stand-up. I directed Rebecca to have a seat and spread her legs while I lowered Mia to the ground. Then turning the light Chinese girl around, I placed her on all fours on the floor where she was able to plant her face into Rebecca's honeypot.

Settling to my knees behind Mia's tight ass, I gripped her hips in my hands and leaning forward, burrowed my way through her constrictingly tight tunnel. Mia's happy moan filled the room as I sank deeper and deeper down her pussy. When my crotch was pressed all the way against her buttcheeks, I let out a sigh of satisfaction and stayed there for a moment, my dick buried to the hilt.

Taylor, meanwhile, actually soaped and rinsed off. "I'm checking out, Johnny. I'll go make sure lunch is ready." With a final jiggle of her naked tits in my direction, she left.

Mia had not been idle in eating Rebecca out. The statuesque brunette had her eyes closed as she brushed her fingertips across her own swollen nipples and panted lustily. "Mmm, so good sweetie. Ooh, right there. Just like that! Ooh, so good!" Rebecca kept up a constant stream of directions while the Asian nympho happily munched away.

By then I was causing some distraction as I pulled back until just the tip of me was still inside and her tight pussy was closing up. And with a firm push I split her right back open and thrust all the way deep down once again.

Mia squealed and wriggled her ass, and I let my balance shift side to side as she quivered in a small orgasm. That was another thing I loved about the cute nympho, she was easily orgasmic. Some people are just blessed.

In the midst of Mia's writhing climax I reached down and palmed a firm tit with my left hand and let my right fiddle with her engorged clit, spurring her orgasm to higher heights of pleasure. I could feel her pussy muscles spasming around my hard rod. And just when she began to recover, I pulled back and started a freshly rhythmic pumping.

Mia's ass was kind of bony, really. There wasn't much padding on her thin frame and I knew from experience that if I really began reaming her out I would bruise my own pelvis in addition to bruising her butt. That would just make sex painful for her in the near term. And for all of Mia's kinks and sexual urges, pain was not on her list. She was too happy/bouncy a nympho.

So I thrust steadily, enjoying her tightness as I settled in to find my own orgasm. Mia would undoubtedly have a few more on her own.

As for Rebecca, I could HEAR that Mia was doing just fine at working over the taller brunette. You can't be a bisexual nymphomaniac without learning a thing or two about eating pussy. And after six minutes of active sexual workout, Rebecca cried out her latest climax (her third from Mia, I think).

I lost count of how many orgasms Mia had. Some of them I'd inflicted with my hands on her tits and crotch. Some of them were self-inflicted while my hands were gripping her hips. And some seemed to come out of nowhere, with no sexual contact between us save for my cock in her snatch.

However many there were, I found myself starting down the path of no return during Mia's second-to-last climax. They were getting stronger the longer we fucked and with this latest batch of pussy muscle massaging I'd felt my balls compressing in readiness to burst.

Mia had so much orgasmic lubrication that it was literally dripping out from around our joining every time I pulled partway out. And so my cock was a rapid blur of pistoning motion as I began drilling her at breakneck speed.

Two seconds before I exploded, Mia lit off first. Her head came out from between Rebecca's legs and her fingers pulled out from Rebecca's juicing pussy as she shrieked to the heavens to announce her biggest orgasm yet.

That did it for me and I yanked out of Mia and hurried around the bench to Rebecca's head, jerking my own shaft as my cockhead expanded and began spurting out glob after glob of cum all over Rebecca's pretty face until she managed to wrap her lips around the head and start swallowing my spunk.

I found that my voice had joined Mia's in a chorus of ecstasy as we rode through our climaxes, and some time later my dick spit out its last wad and I collapsed to my knees and then sank back on my heels. For the umpteenth time, I mentally thanked Cassandra for recommending the rubberized floor; otherwise my kneecaps would undoubtedly be bruised by now after doggy-fucking Mia.

Rebecca, for her part, just collapsed onto her back across the rubber-textured bench, her bare tits wobbling enticingly but remaining nearly vertical. She was gasping for breath, a rarity given her remarkable athletic endurance, but Mia just has that effect on everyone. I could see the steam rising from her naked body, and it wasn't from the water around us.

Speaking of which, I could feel my skin starting to wrinkle. I craned my neck and ordered into thin air, "Computer! Water off!"

The speaker system chirped a confirmation, then a moment later all the shower sprays ceased. I suddenly noticed how much quieter everything became; the only sounds that of three people panting in pleasurable relief.

Mia and Rebecca shared a significant look, a look I didn't recognize, followed by an obvious glance of Mia's up and down Rebecca's gorgeous body. From Taylor to Cassandra to these two, I'd been noticing looks like that in just the recent past. It was as if my women possessed an innate ability to non-verbally communicate with the other girls in a way no mere man, like me, could understand.

Mia crawled over to Rebecca where the two shared a tender kiss. And then Rebecca turned to me. "My turn." It was a statement, not a question.

For just a moment, I groaned. I was pretty tired. Now I know it's unusual for a guy to turn down sex with a Greek Goddess brought to life, like Rebecca. I honestly thought Taylor was one of the prettiest women I'd ever seen, Cassandra had the most glorious assets, and Mia the most playful nympho I'd ever met.

But Rebecca's impossible-zero-percent-body- fat-lean- sculpted-yet- beautifully- feminine body just screamed sexual dynamo. She was a naked Sports Illustrated fantasy come to life. And she had Angelina Jolie's lips. No man would ever turn down someone so wonderfully fuckable.
