 I first met Preeti while I was working for a customer of mine and noticed her immediately as being a very attractive young girl. I had always liked East Indian women and she had all the qualities that made me feel that way, including her perfect smooth soft skin, jet-black hair and her slim, but full figured body. We chatted a lot the day I first met her and I knew that she liked me and she also knew that I found her attractive. 

The next time I saw her was about 3 months later when she moved to the same company that I worked for and the same building. We spoke a few times and there was definitely some mutual attraction. A few weeks later was our Christmas party at a bar near our work. She was there alone, with no one else from her department, but she showed great confidence and joined our group as people started to leave later in the evening. 

Many of the guys who hadn’t noticed her before were now taking an interest in her and she was very much the centre of attention. That night she looked especially good and was wearing a dark lacy top and great fitting black pants. As the night went on we all drank and had great fun teasing and joking with her and asking her about her previous life in India and her reasons for moving here. She was keeping up with us drinking and in every other way as well, dishing out her own teasing comments to us as the night went on.

I was finding her more and more attractive as time went on and was now getting quite horny thinking about her and how she might look naked. With only 5 of us left in the bar, we decided to call it a night and Jeff was going to drive us all home. Preeti asked if she could get a ride to her bus stop, but we immediately offered to take her home. She lived about 30 minutes away from where we were going, but we all agreed that we should take her home. At the moment she was living alone as her parents and younger brother were back in India for a couple of months. 

While in the car I noticed she was really quite drunk and guessed it was being in the car that was making her seem more drunk. We got to her place around 12:30am and pulled into the driveway. The place was in darkness so I got out with her to make sure she got into the house okay. She opened the door and turned on the hall light, then kicked off her shoes, I looked down at her nylon covered feet and it was at this moment that I looked at her and knew I wanted to see more of her. She looked at me for a few moments and we both smiled “you wanna come in for a while?” she asked. Oh God, I wanted nothing more at this moment in time, “Sure” I said very casually “what about the others?” She thought for a second and told me to ask them in as well and she would get some drinks for us. 

As I went to the car to ask the other 3 if they wanted to come in, I wondered what she was thinking and why she had asked us in. Probably just being friendly, but I couldn’t help thinking it was odd having 4 guys in your house after midnight when you’re home on your own and also a very sexy young girl. I tried not to think about that and as soon as I had asked the others, we were all inside removing our shoes in the hallway. 

I went through to the kitchen to help her as the others went through to the living room. I saw her getting some drinks ready and as she turned and put some glasses and beers down on the counter, she put her arms up over my shoulders and kissed me. I instinctively put my hands on her hips and pulled her towards me as she kissed me. We kissed for a full minute, feeling her hot tongue enter my mouth and tasting her full lips with my own tongue. I can’t say I wasn’t surprised by this, but took it in my stride and didn’t hold back at all. I caressed her back with my hands and let them slide up into her hair and grip her head as I tongued her. She pulled away from me slowly, her lips wet with saliva, oh no, she was about to realize what she was doing and tell us all to leave. Instead she took my hand and we walked through to the living room where the other guys had flipped on the TV and were just sitting around talking. 

They knew by the look of us that something had happened, but like myself, had no idea what was about to happen. She sat me down on the couch and turned off the TV then started to speak in a very drunken way. “This is going to sound weird, but where I come from we’re not allowed to think the way you do here” She must have seen all 4 of our faces with a puzzled look on them. “I mean I’m not allowed to think or talk about sex until I’m married, but tonight I have thought about sex more than ever before”. 

Okay I was starting to get the picture and hoped the others were too, she was kindly asking them to leave, so that I could fuck her and she could lose her virginity. She then seemed to muster some strength from deep inside herself and started to unbutton her top, we all watched as she removed it and after throwing it on the floor, she came over to me and sat down on the couch beside me. We kissed again and I could feel her cheeks hot to the touch, she was very horny indeed. She moved up onto my lap as we kissed and the others all stood to leave the house, as I had hoped they would. 

When she realized this, she jumped up off the couch and said “No! Where are you going, I’d like you all to stay over, I thought that was clear”. Wow, this girl was really going to go for it tonight and lose her virginity big time. We all knew how drunk she was and that worried me a lot, maybe she didn’t mean any of this at all, but we were all too eager to leave now. I stood up in front of her and then as I kissed her softly on the mouth I unclipped her bra and slid it down her arms. Jeff then walked up behind her and put his hands around her waist. I gazed at her pert young breasts and instantly my cock started to stiffen in my jeans. 

Her nipples were dark pink and perfectly round, then as she turned her head to kiss Jeff his hands moved up to cup her breasts, I could see her nipples stiffen and lengthen right in front of me. As Jeff fondled her breasts, her eyes closed and I could tell she was already in some fantasy world and very game indeed for some fun. 

We moved her over towards the couch as the others got up and we sat her down and laid her on her back. Jeff was necking her like crazy as I rubbed and caressed her soft flat stomach and bare breasts, kissing her belly and letting my hand press the front of her pants. I turned to the others to get them involved and nodded to her pants to get someone to remove them. 

It wasn’t long until two sets of hands were there and unbuttoning her pants, once unbuttoned I helped raise her ass a little as they started to tug them down her thighs. Her pants slid all the way down and were pulled off quickly and there she was lying there in her panties and pantyhose. 

I heard Jeff fumbling beside me and when I turned I saw his fully erect cock moving towards Preeti’s face, which was now at the edge of the couch. Her hand reached out and started to fondle his balls, then Jeff stood up and stripped off all his clothes and lowered his cock back down towards her face. The others took notice, including myself, and within minutes we were all naked. I had never been so close to another guys erect cock before, never mind three of them. I watched as Preeti’s hand moved around Jeff’s balls and then gripped his shaft and moved his foreskin up and down gently. 

It looked like she knew what she was doing and it was getting the rest of us horny as hell. Dave was eager to get involved, so he went to the top end of the couch and leaning over her head, started to kiss her. She responded well and they kissed hard for quite some time, with Dave’s hands sliding down over her breasts as she continued jerking off Jeff. Most of the action was now up by her face as Dave and Jeff stood adjacent to her and had both of their cocks close to her face. 

Erik and I decided to get things moving down at our end of the couch and take a closer look at her pussy. We saw that she was enjoying sucking both cocks and decided to turn her over onto her stomach before pulling her pantyhose down. I knelt down on the floor in front of her and started to rub my hand across her stomach and let my fingers slide in under the waistband of her pantyhose. I also stroked her nylon covered thighs, letting my fingers touch the insides of them close to her hot pussy. As I did this Erik leaned forward and started to rub his hands up the entire length of her legs, from her ankles right up her thighs and then into the waistband of her pantyhose. We put an arm each over her left side and gently turned her over. Then once she was over on her belly with her knees on the floor, she pulled his cock back towards her open mouth and sucked the head inside again. 

Now she had her nylon covered ass and thighs facing us and it was so beautiful seeing her dark skin with dark pantyhose over it. We both touched her full round ass and let our fingers rub under her pussy and watched as her legs opened a little. Then as slowly as we could, we began to pull her pantyhose down over her ass until they were tight across the top of her thighs and just below her ass. Her panties were quite tight and were digging into her full figured ass, which looked amazing. Again we both started to fondle her ass and let our fingers slip inside her panties feeling her smooth as silk ass cheeks. I leaned forward to kiss her cheeks and as I did my cock rubbed against the back of her thigh, causing it to jump to full erection. I gripped my cock and rolled my foreskin back and forth a few times as Erik licked and kissed her ass and the back of her panties. 

Then after a few minutes we both eased her panties down to reveal a stunning round ass and perfect dark asshole. I tugged her panties down beside her pantyhose and left them at the top of her thighs, as Erik rubbed her ass cheeks and pulled them apart slightly to expose her soft dark asshole and dark hair covered pussy lips. As he did this she stopped kissing Dave for a few seconds as she turned her head and let out the sweetest soft moans I’ve ever heard. Erik then slid his hand between her thighs and felt her mound of pubic hair, then let his fingers run up over her plump lips. 

At this point I turned to Jeff and watched as Preeti took his cock and pulled it towards her open mouth. Her tongue came out and licked the underside of his cock before she slid her mouth over the thick purple head and gave a long slow groan as she began to suck the head into her mouth. Jeff’s head tilted back as she sucked him and almost immediately, he started to move his hips. 

My fingers were now toying with her pussy lips as I watched Jeff’s cock slide in and out of her mouth, saliva trickling down her face. When I turned back to her pussy I saw Erik jerking off and rubbing his cock across her ass and down into her pantyhose. His cock was very stiff indeed and the thick purple head was fully exposed from his foreskin and I realized he was ready to fuck her. 

I obliged by opening her legs a little wider and pulling her ass apart to expose her more to us. Her asshole was stretched open bit and we could see her pussy lips part slightly allowing Erik the chance to slid his cock between them. Before he did though, he went down between her legs and opened her pussy with his fingertips, then pressed his mouth down on her. He licked and sucked around her pussy for a few minutes, fingering her a few times, then moved close behind her on his knees. I held her ass apart so that I could see him penetrate her pussy. 

He took his cock and rubbed it in between her lips several times until the head was wet with her juices, then I moved my hand down and pulled her pussy open for him. As he leaned forward I watched as the head of his cock nestled in between her plump dark lips and then slowly sank inside her. In seconds the head was inside her and then slowly he eased it out again. Erik did this several times and I watched as the head became wet and shiny with Preeti’s juices. Then one time he leaned forward into her, his cock sank deeper and his balls pressed against her pantyhose and he had taken hold of her hips, she gasped a little but then relaxed as his cock settled into her. 

Slowly he pulled his cock all the way out of her cunt and laid it on her asshole between her cheeks and pushed forward causing his foreskin to be pulled back tight and his cock to stiffen even more. I watched as the head strained and became smooth and more purple, then he lowered his cock and pushed quickly back inside her. He immediately started to fuck her with a good pace and was obviously not planning on giving her too much pleasure. 

My cock was now harder than ever and I wished it were me who was now fucking her. As Erik fucked her, Jeff’s cock was still pumping in and out of her mouth. I rubbed my cock across her pantyhose with one hand and stroked her ass with the other. At times I would open my fingers and let my hand slide down over her ass and pussy and could feel Erik’s cock sliding between my fingers as he fucked her. 

Dave was jerking off as he watched what was happening and was occasionally rubbing her breasts or kissing her neck and ear. Jeff’s eyes now closed tight and I knew he was close. Preeti did as well and responded by moving her mouth faster up and down his shaft and started swirling her tongue around his swollen head. 

Jeff then gave polite warning as he felt his cock about to burst. “Fuck, I’m gonna cum, ahhh, fuck”. Then I watched as it became evident that Preeti’s mouth has just received its first load of hot fresh sperm. It wasn’t long before her mouth opened and she pulled his cock out, but still held on tight and kept her hand moving. The cum spilled from her mouth instantly and ran down her cheek onto the couch, then as she continued pulling at his foreskin, more fresh cum sprayed up onto her face and into her hair. She held his cock at her open mouth and we watched as a few less powerful spurts hit her lips and then dripped down onto the couch. 

Wow, I could have almost cum without any stimulation at all, but we weren’t nearly finished yet. As Jeff’s cock started to go limp, we turned to see that Erik was only seconds behind, probably spurred on by the recent ejaculation. Erik’s face seemed beyond red and sweat was running down his face. We all watched as he fucked her with a pace that I don’t think any of us could match, his balls and thighs slapping at her ass. He would stop briefly and withdraw the entire length of his cock before plunging back into her pussy. We kept thinking he was about to cum on her ass, but would then go back inside her. I think he was unsure about whether to cum inside her or not and it was something that only now I was thinking about. It would be great to cum inside her, but there were several obvious reasons why we all might regret doing it, as I’m sure she might as well. 

Just then Erik held his cock deep inside her and we saw his legs and arms shake almost uncontrollably. His fingers dug into her hips, leaving small red marks and he had clearly started to cum inside her and only once his legs had stopped shaking did he start to withdraw his cock. As the head of his cock appeared, we could see that it was coated in cum, then he reached down and held his foreskin back as we watched a thick jet of cum land on Preeti’s back and between her ass cheeks. A couple more spurts followed, soaking her asshole and pussy lips, then Erik sat back on the floor and we all watched as her pussy began to leak sperm down into her panties and pantyhose. 

I stood and looked at her lying there with cum on her face and neck and a several long streaks of sperm across her dark ass and back. The cum continued to drip out of her and was all landing in the nylon and cotton just below her ass. Wow, this was the hottest thing I had ever witnessed. She looked round at us gazing at her and asked “Is that it over”. “No, no, we just got started” I said as quickly as possible, I didn’t want her to think about getting up yet, I needed to cum badly as I’m sure Dave did as well. 

I was eager to be the next cock inside her but she looked so beautiful lying there exposed to us all that I went up and put my hands on her face to kiss her. Only then did I think of the sperm in her mouth, but nothing was going to stop me kissing her. Her eyes were closed and cum was still visible on her face when our mouths closed on each other and her tongue entered my mouth. We kissed passionately and I could feel the sperm on my cheek and hands and taste it in her mouth, but it just made my own cock grown harder still. 

At this point Dave had squeezed in beside Preeti on the couch and was sitting there with his cock fully erect and pointing straight up. We figured he wanted us to get her sitting on his cock and fuck her from behind. It seemed like a good idea, because we could all watch her being fucked, so we lifted her up off her knees and stood her up. Once Dave had sat back on the couch Preeti opened her legs and we sat her back down with her back towards him, he took her by the hips and she sat down on his stomach with his cock between her thighs and in front of her pussy. 

We kept her pantyhose on, but it would have been difficult to spread her legs wide, so I pulled them down with her panties and left them at her ankles. She reached down and took hold of his cock, which was rock hard, and began rubbing the tip and caressing his balls. This was a great view of her lying back against Dave and facing us with her legs spread wide. 

The insides of her thighs were glistening with a mixture of sweat and sperm and we could see some sperm on Dave’s legs and pubic hair that had spilled from inside her. Dave wriggled down lower on the edge of the couch as he lined up her pussy with his cock and started to slide her pussy down onto his cock. He lifted her up briefly then his cock sank slowly into her pussy as he pulled her down and before long, her entire weight was resting on him. 

It was such a great sight that I went forward and kissed her on the mouth, we kissed for a minute or so, then I felt Dave lift her up as he started fucking her. His hands were tight around her waist and as he moved her up and down, her firm breasts shook gently. I pulled away from her mouth and caressed her breasts and nipples with my fingers, then sucked one of her nipples into my mouth. I guess this felt good to her as she arched her back towards Dave and he pulled her back onto his chest and started to fondle her breasts from behind. She was now fully exposed to the three of us and Dave’s cock was still deep inside her rocking back and forth into her. 

I then decided to get on my knees between her thighs and as I did I started to rub her thighs, letting my fingers touch the sides of her pussy. The other two nodded as if to tell me it was okay to eat her pussy while Dave fucked her and without thinking too much I did. I kissed her thick black pubic hair and could feel the cum that had soaked into it on my lips. I then pushed out my tongue and licked gently at stomach and insides of her thighs. 

I could see Dave’s cock penetrating her right beside me and then the more I got turned on at what I was doing, I slipped my tongue between her soft pink lips and could feel Dave’s cock touch my bottom lip and underside of my tongue. I licked at her lips as Dave’s cock continued gliding in and out of her, then he pulled out and I started licking the entire length of her pussy. The smell of sperm was incredibly strong, but a real turn on, and I never thought once about the cum inside her as I licked and sucked her pussy. 

As I spread her lips with my fingers I could see cum oozing out onto the couch and also Dave’s cock lying there in front of my face. He soon pushed his cock back inside her and began fucking her again. I watched as his cock forced her lips apart and pushed inside her until his balls pressed against her wet hole. With his cock deep inside her I again put my face down to her cunt and licked around Dave’s balls and Preeti’s slippery wet pussy. His balls were smooth and tasted of sweat and cum and as he partially withdrew, I slipped my tongue into her alongside his cock, then as he pushed back in, I could feel his shaft rubbing against my lips and tongue. 
