 I've had this fantasy for years. It's something I've always wanted to happen to me, but the opportunity has never come up. Fantasies like this just don't happen, they are developed, the seeds sown and nurtured into being with care and understanding. My fantasy? A threesome, with a couple. I'm a bisexual man, and get the occasional urge to play with a cock not my own. Over the years, I've sucked, fucked, and been fucked by several men, and I've enjoyed every experience. I've also had women fuck my ass with vibrators and strap-on dildos, and the feelings are indescribable.

How do I make something like this come true? How do I arrange for my fantasies to come true? I've posted ads on the various websites that cater to the sexually adventurous, with no result. I've discreetly inquired among my various sexual partners, also with no result. I'd given up on it ever happening, deciding that I'd be better off just enjoying the encounters I had, and not looking for extra, when one dropped into my lap, as it were.

I travel a lot for work, and of course, I have made friends and playmates all over the country. It's a rare occasion that I can fly into a city and not have sex. Male or female, I always have a playmate available, should the need arise, as it usually does. I've literally gone from the airport right into the bed of a willing partner many times, and I'm sure I will many more times after this.

I flew into this one particular city, and as soon as I got off the plane, I turned on the cell phone and made a call to one of my favorite women. Jennifer was a young, sexually adventurous girl with massive tits and a plump, soft ass ripe for pounding. I'd met her when she was a temp at one of my contact companies, and we had hit it off right away. She'd invited me out for drinks, and by the end of the night, I was slamming my cock into her in the back of the car. Since then, whenever I come into town, she's been more than eager to repeat the experience.

This time, I sensed something different. She was as willing as ever to get together with me, but I sensed she was hiding something. When I got to her house, I saw what it was. Jennifer was six months pregnant. I guess the look on my face gave me away, as I was frantically counting the months since I'd last seen her.

"Relax, Eric. It's not your child. I met a really great guy, and this just happened. No regrets at all, except that he's not nearly as handy with his cock as you are. We have an open relationship, so he knows about you, and knows I intend to see you when you come into town, whenever it happens."

I sighed with relief, and Jennifer laughed, making her milk-filled tits jiggle seductively. I stepped forward and took them in my hands gently, enjoying the way her swollen jugs felt, and she moaned. Her hand dropped right to my crotch, and she fondled my cock appreciatively as I freed her tits from her shirt and bra. I bent to suckle on a nipple, and felt a wave of passion pass through Jennifer. I'd always known she had sensitive nipples, but she'd just come from my sucking on one!

I stripped her down, and paid special attention to her swollen belly. As I worked my way down to her pussy, I could smell the arousal just dripping from her. I helped her down onto the couch, and spread her legs, exposing her hairy snatch for me. She told me sheepishly that she'd been having trouble shaving, and that her new man was uncomfortable doing it for her. I immediately got up and went to the bathroom, bringing back everything needed to shave her pussy. She smiled, as I had also taken the time to strip naked, and my cock was bouncing before me with every step.

I gently lathered her up, occasionally slipping a finger inside of her, and expertly shaved her sweet snatch bare once again. As soon as it was clean and nude, I dove in, slipping my tongue inside of her with a vengeance. Jennifer responded by crying out, holding my head in her hands and running her fingers through my hair. I brought her to a thunderous orgasm by flicking her hard little clit with my tongue, and sliding three fingers in and out of her. I waited until she was completely lost in pleasure, then moved up to slip my cock inside of her wet snatch. Her eyes popped open in shock, then closed again as my cock filled her up. She wrapped her legs around my waist, and I moved inside of her slowly, wanting to savor the feelings running through my cock.

"Jen? Are you...oh, shit. Sorry."

We both whipped around to see a man standing in the doorway, a look of shock on his face. My cock popped free of Jennifer's wet pussy, and I saw his eyes dart to it, and then widen. He made an effort to pull his eyes away, but I saw him keep glancing down at it. Normally, in a situation like this, I'd have covered up immediately, but something told me I didn't have to move.

"Michael? I didn't know you were coming home early today. This is Eric, the guy I told you about."

He nodded at me, still looking at my cock, and I made a snap decision.

"Michael? Get undressed and join us."

He looked at me with shock, but suddenly, his eyes changed, and desire took over. He ripped his clothes off in a rush, and moved quickly over to us. I looked at Jennifer, and she had frozen in shock, never expecting Michael to join us in a million years. I brought her back to me by sliding my cock back inside of her, and she moaned heavily. Michael took advantage of her loss of control to slide his own cock into her mouth, and she sucked his cock greedily. The two of us brought Jennifer to several heavy orgasms, until she couldn't take it anymore, pushing us both away with a sigh.

"I need a break, boys. You're too much for a pregnant woman to take."

I laughed, and saw Michael's eyes drop to my still hard cock again. This time, I made a move. I reached out and grabbed his hand, guiding it to my cock. He never took his eyes of me, but with a soft touch, wrapped his hand around the shaft and gently stroked me. Jennifer was watching us in amazement, and as I moaned softly, she smiled, remembering it had always been a fantasy to be with a man and woman at the same time.

On his own, without any prodding on my part, Michael dropped to his knees, and took my cock into his mouth. He was inexperienced, not really knowing how to suck cock, but more than willing to take pointers, and before long, I was ready to shoot my load. I warned him it was coming, and he wrapped his lips around my cock even tighter, so I let fly, moaning heavily. Michael swallowed some, but pulled away, letting the rest of it cover is chin and mouth. Jennifer pulled him to her, kissing him heavily, licking my come off of his face as I collapsed backwards, spent. I watched the two of them for a couple of moments, them moved back in.

I reached under Michael, taking his cock in my hands, and guided him to my mouth. He didn't have a large cock, but it filled my mouth quite nicely anyway. I put every ounce of skill into this blowjob, wanting him so weak with orgasmic pleasure that I could take his virgin ass without any work. It wasn't long before Michael moaned heavily, and his cock tensed in my mouth. He blasted a load of seed deep into my throat, and I swallowed it down like the experienced cocksucker I was. I milked every drop of come from his dick, and when he was totally spent,. I moved down to take his balls in my mouth, knowing it would prolong his pleasure. He moaned again, and when I ran my fingers over his tight asshole, he surprised me by pushing against my hand.

I ran my tongue down to his hole, liberally slathering it with spit, then spit on my hand, rubbing it all over my cock. He pulled his legs towards his chest, eager to be fucked by me. Jennifer sat on the couch rubbing her wet pussy, totally engrossed in what she was seeing. I guided my cock to the edge of his hole, and gently pressed forward. With a soft pop, the head of my cock penetrated his ass, and he moaned heavily. I rested for a moment, to give him time to adjust to me being inside of him, and then slowly pushed inside of him until I was buried to the hilt in his virgin ass.

Michael had a look of pure lust on his face, and Jennifer wasted no time in climbing aboard, lowering herself over his face so he could eat her pussy. I was slowing thrusting in and out of his ass, and his cock was swelling again with every stroke. I gradually built up my sped until I was slamming my cock home inside of him, and Michael was crying out with every thrust. The tightness of his ass, combined with the erotic sight of Jennifer's pregnant body grinding on his face proved too much for me to resist, and I felt my load building fast. With a last, desperate thrust, I shot the first load into Michael's ass, and watched as his own cock shot again, without ever having been touched. Jennifer cried out, lost in her own orgasm, and as the three of us came down from our sexual highs, we ended up on the floor, cradling each other.

"Wow. I should have come home sooner."

We laughed, and Jennifer kissed him first, and then me. Michael surprised me yet again by moving in to kiss me as well, and as we lay there, spent from our activities, Michael admitted to having long fantasized about being with a man. I smiled, and admitted my own fantasy to him, and he laughed.

"So, we both got what we wanted, and with a pregnant woman, as well. Seems like this should be memorialized, somehow."

He got up, and went into the other room. He came back with a camera and tripod, and quickly set it up. We posed in front of the camera, all of us nude, each of the men with a hand on one milk-filled breast. As the shutter clicked, possibilities ran though my mind...