 This is my story of an experience that I had a few years ago. A friend (John) and I went on a trip to Vegas. We went for the weekend, to party and try to pick up on some ladies. We started off doing some gambling and lots of drinking and we both wound up losing money and getting very drunk. After we gambled for a few hours, we decided to look for some women, both of us being quite horny. Being new to Vegas, we didn't know were to go to find the ladies. We weren't looking for hookers, we were just wanting to find some hot women that would be willing to fuck us. 

We cruised the casino were we lost our money and hit on a few pretty hot women. Most said that we were too drunk and they didn't trust us. We did find a couple that were friends, that were willing to party with us. One of them was a hot blonde named Leslie, with nice tits, a pretty face and a gorgeous ass, the other was a brunette named Janet, that was a little plain looking, but had a fairly nice body, small but beautiful tits and a chubby but not objectionable (especially since we were drunk) ass. She was the more reluctant of the two. Leslie, was the one that was the most friendly and was flirting with us the most.

We hung out together for a couple of hours, drinking, gambling and getting to know each other. Then John suggested we go to our hotel room to continue the party in private. Leslie immediately agreed that it was a good idea, with a gleam in her eye, that instantly made my dick hard. Janet, on the other hand, appeared to be nervous and started making excuses why she couldn't go with us, such as, "I have to work in the morning" and "I don't feel well" etc. 

Leslie said that she'd be willing to go with us without Janet and that it could be "a fun time." There was that gleam again and there went my boner again! I looked at John and he looked back with a questioning look, when he saw the look on my face, he smiled.

Janet went home and Les went back to our room with us. I was pretty nervous, because I had never done a threesome before, not to mention with another guy. When we got there, Les wasted no time and started kissing us both, alternating between us. God she was hot! I stripped her top off, stopping to drool over her luscious globes, then I grabbed them and started sucking on them, one after the other. John took her pants off and started fingering her honey pot. Then I felt her hand grab my throbbing cock and she unzipped me and fumbled to get my shlong out of my briefs. I had to help her get it out, because it was as hard as it's ever been! She started to lick up and down my throbbing shaft, swirling her tongue around and around it's purple head. I nearly shot my load right there! I had to tell her to stop for a second, so I wouldn't cum too soon. At that point, I noticed John had removed all of his cloths and his cock was standing at attention. Although I had known him for years, I had never seen his hard dick before, It surprised me how big it was, probably about 8 or 9 inches. My dick is about 7 inches long, and not quite as thick as John's. Leslie started to suck on John's big old prick and I took the opportunity to get between Les's legs and sniff her pussy. It smelled great! She was already worked up to a high degree, her cunt sloppy with her juices. 

I stuck my tongue up her sweet crack, tasting her honey and she moaned loudly, while she squirmed. God it was incredible! I have never been so horny! At this point, I stopped licking her and got up, and stuck my hard shaft up her wet, tight, pussy. I started sliding my cock in and out of her gash, getting closer and closer to cumming. She started to moan and said that she was going to cum. Suddenly, I felt her wet cunt convulse and her juice ran down my cock. That was all I could handle and I pulled out and spurted a hot load on her ass. John said that he was going to shoot, she sucked even harder and he shot his come into her mouth. Then he pulled out of her mouth, without ever losing his boner and said he wanted to fuck her, I moved so he could stick his cock up her wet, sloppy hole. He entered her with one long thrust, she screamed with ecstasy. Les started sucking my dick again, it was the best feeling! I got hard again in no time and soon I was close to cumming again. She twirled her tongue around on the head of my prick, until I shot a thick load into her mouth, she swallowed most of it, but a little dripped down her chin. I sat back and watched, as John laid on his back, while she rode him, plunging his pole in and out of her pretty snatch. She opened her eyes and looked at me and told me that she wanted me to lick her clit while John fucked her. Normally, I probably wouldn't have wanted to get that close to another guy's dick, but I was drunk and after all, it was my best friend and she was so hot! So I got between their legs, bent down and carefully, started licking her hard little clit. She instantly screamed with delight, telling me not to stop. I continued to lick her, as John's cock went in and out of her tight little pussy. 

After a while, I got more comfortable doing this and all of a sudden, his dick popped out and flopped right on my tongue! Now, I had never had a homosexual thought in my life, but I was shocked to find, that my dick instantly sprang back to life! My tongue only touched his she-cum coated boner for a second, but it excited me a great deal! I couldn't believe it! My tongue actually made contact with another guy's penis! And it excited me! I was afraid of what John might think, so I jumped back and Les reached down and put his boner back inside of her. She started bouncing on his cock again and screamed that she wanted me to lick her again, until she got off. This time, I wasn't quite as careful. I licked her little nub and once in a while, I "slipped" and licked his hard, warm, sticky shlong. My dick was iron hard! I couldn't tell if he knew I was doing it on purpose, but he moaned and moaned. She started screaming that she was going to cum, and a rush of her fluid washed down over his hard cock and my tongue. I continued to "accidentally" lick his dick at the same time I licked her vibrating clit. He suddenly lunged up into her, burying his hard cock to the hilt, saying that he was going to cum. 

This put his hairy, she-cum coated balls, up against my chin, something that I found oddly exciting! Soon, he let out a long groan and shot his hot load, up her sloppy cunt. I continued to lick her clit and part of the shaft of his pulsating dick, until his hot, white, thick jism started to run out of her pussy, down his shaft and onto my tongue! I was actually tasting another man's cum! I instantly shot another load without anybody touching it! That's never happened before! At that point we all collapsed into a sweaty lump of flesh.

When she finally came to, she said that she had to leave, because her boyfriend would be expecting her! Boyfriend?! Anyway, she got dressed and took off, leaving me and John, sitting there uncomfortably. I didn't know what to say to him, after all, I just basically licked his cock and tasted his jism and I was excited by this fact! He acted like nothing unusual had happened, other than some hot sex with a smokin' lady and he got up and took a shower. While he was in the shower, my dick got hard again, thinking about what had just happened and I jacked off, cumming just as I heard the water shut off. I hurriedly climbed into bed, covering up my still hard cock and pretended that I was asleep.

All day the next day, I couldn't stop thinking about, what happened and wondering what it would be like to actually suck his cock, but said nothing. Later that night, we went out gambling and drinking again, it was our last night there, so we went looking for women again. This time we struck out. We went back to the room, laid down on our beds and decided to watch a porno. We started watching one of those infamous X-rated movies that you can get billed to your room. 

I started getting aroused and not just because of the movie! John had stripped down to his shorts and I noticed that he was getting hard. we laid there watching the flick for a while and he said that he couldn't take it and he had to beat off. He said that after all, we already saw each other last night, so what's the big deal? He took off his briefs and revealed his huge boner. Then he started to stroke it slowly, as I laid there, he asked me what I was afraid of and why I was still dressed. it didn't take much coaxing to get me to strip and start stroking my own dick. I kept looking over at his huge dick as he lay there sliding his hand up and down the shaft of his cock, trying not to be obvious, while we watched the movie. I couldn't help but wonder, what it would be like to stroke his big, veiny cock, myself. He caught me looking a couple of times and finally asked me, "Did you like what you did last night?" 

I was instantly embarrassed and then I said, "I really enjoyed getting it on with Leslie, she was so hot!" 

He said, "That's not what I meant." 

I pretended to be oblivious to what he was saying.

He said, "That felt pretty good, when you were licking my cock, while I fucked Leslie," then he said, "you seemed to like it too and I keep catching you looking over at my dick." 

I said sheepishly, "I didn't lick you on purpose, I was licking her and slipped." 

He said, "it's OK, it's pretty exciting to me too." He then asked, "Have you ever jacked another guy off before?" 

"Never." I told him. 

He Said, "I did it in High school a couple of times with friends, but that was years ago."

My heart was racing at this point, I couldn't believe what I was hearing! 

Then he asked, "have you ever thought about 'Doing things' with another guy?" 

"Not before last night." 

He then said, "Would you like it if we stroked each other? It would sure feel better than doing it to ourselves." 

At this point, I got up, went to his bed and laid down next to him. I was shaking as I reached over and put my hand on his throbbing, hot shaft. I stroked it a couple of times and he let out a moan and reached over and grabbed my hard cock. I couldn't believe how good it felt, having his hand stroking my meat and how good it felt to have his huge, warm cock in my hand! Feeling his skin slip up and down his massive tool, was very exciting! I couldn't believe I felt this way, I mean, I have never even looked at another guy in a sexual way! And here I was, in Vegas, naked, laying in a bed, with John's dick in my hand, sliding my hand up and down his hard shaft, while he slowly stroked my ever hardening cock! I never would have dreamed that it would wind up like this! God, it was fun! We jacked each other for a while, then I couldn't stop thinking about the taste of his cum, mixed with Leslie's hot nectar and wondering what it would taste like right from the source! 

He read my mind and asked, "Do you want to Go a little farther?" 

"Sounds good to me!" I replied.

Pretty soon, we forgot all about the flick and I bent down and licked the smooth head of his giant erection! It tasted OK, so I licked up and down his shaft, pausing at the head, where I twirled my tongue around it, like Les did to mine the night before. He started moaning and thrusting his hips, so I took the head into my mouth, licking the underside of the huge head while it was in my mouth, trying not to scrape it with my teeth. He seemed to really enjoy it, as I bobbed my head, on his head, stroking the shaft with my hand at the same time. He then stopped me and suggested that we switch position, so he could do the same to me. We got into a 69 at that point, it felt weird to feel his beard scratch my belly and legs, I had only been blown by women before now and none of them had a beard! He was masterful at giving head, I guess it's true, only a guy can know what another guy likes! 

I tried to get as much of his tasty cock in my mouth as I could, but he was so huge, I couldn't get much more than just the head in. He had less trouble getting mine in his mouth, mine is just a little bit smaller, I couldn't believe how good it felt! It was quite a feeling, having another man's warm, throbbing, salty, piece of meat in my mouth. I pulled it out just long enough to tell him to go ahead and shoot his load right in my mouth! I couldn't wait to taste it! He didn't keep me waiting long, he grunted, his dick swelled up even bigger, I started to suck even harder, still stroking his shaft and he thrust his hips so it went in my mouth even deeper, so I almost choked! Then he let out a loud moan and I felt his tool start to jerk in my mouth, then he flooded my mouth with his hot semen, which I swallowed willingly, at least most of it, my God, it seemed like he shot a gallon! It was an incredible feeling! His dick started to soften and he slipped it out of my mouth. At that point, he moved around, down between my legs and started sucking again. I couldn't take it any more, I told him I was about to blow and he took my cock from his mouth and jacked me off, as he licked the underside of the head, sending the biggest load I have ever shot, spraying up my belly, hitting me in the face. God it felt great! Unbelievable! 

He said, "I'm sorry for not letting you shoot in my mouth, but I'm not ready to do that just yet," then he said, "I've never even had a cock in my mouth before now".

I told him, "neither have I!" and I assured him that it was quite all right! 

By then, it had gotten pretty late and we had to get up and drive home the next day, so we decided to take a shower together and we washed each other's meat, which of course, started things up again! We soaped each other's cocks up and stroked each other off, then we dried off and went to bed, exhausted. We talked about it in the morning and neither one of us wanted any kind of romance or anything, between each other, in fact, the thought of kissing, or anal, made us both kind of sick! Weird how I was willing to drink a guy's cum, but the thought of kissing him, disgusted me! I still can't figure that one out!

We are still the best of friends and although I liked the taste of his dick, I didn't like it as much as I like the taste of a hot, wet pussy! He feels the same way and he even got married a couple of years ago. 

It's amazing, the things you can find out about old friends and yourself, under the right circumstances!

I get turned on by the thought of women and men, masturbating, while reading this story! Anyone that likes my story and wants to tell me so, write to me at the link below.