 "Premium therapy option?" Lisa asked, "What's that?"

The woman lying on the bench beside her arched an eyebrow and smiled conspiratorially.

"Oh, you really ought to try it. It costs a bit more, but believe me, it's worth it."

Then she winked.

Perhaps it was the setting. In the steam, the heat, with the scents of pine and essential oils, Lisa felt somewhat lightheaded.

And perhaps it was the casual intimacy - lying naked on their towels in the sauna, it felt quite comfortable talking to her new acquaintance. 

The other woman had been lying there when Lisa had come into the sauna ten minutes before, her body glistening with a sheen of sweat. Lisa, modestly wrapped in her towel, had felt a little prim, not knowing where to look, but unable to not notice the woman's tanned curvy body, her large breasts with their large brown nipples, the triangle of dark damp curls between her thighs.

"You need to let the heat get to your skin," the woman had commented; and so Lisa had unwrapped herself, and followed her companion's example, lying back, naked.

The woman had asked how long Lisa was visiting the spa, and Lisa told her she was having a three-day relaxation session - massages, yoga, saunas and bathing. Lisa had had a hard few months of work, and had decided to spoil herself with a little time off and pampering. The spa had come highly recommended, but she felt she deserved it. And after her first few hours, including a relaxing massage, some gentle stretching, she found herself feeling very relaxed. 

She'd asked the woman what her program was. That was when she'd said she was having a week of the premium therapy.

"I don't recall seeing premium therapy mentioned on the list... " Lisa said.

"Oh, it's not on any list!" The woman smiled again, "you have to know what to ask for. If you'd like I'll introduce you - it's a somewhat exclusive therapy. My name is Celeste, by the way."

Lisa introduced herself, and a half hour later, showered and wrapped in towelling robe, found herself being led into a comfortably serene suite, similar to Lisa's own room at the spa, with bamboo screens, numerous plants, a gentle sound of flowing streams.

There was a man dressed in a t-shirt with the spa logo and "Staff" in large letters across the chest was, sitting at the table. He stood up and beamed at Celeste.

"Madame Dubois! I hope your therapy is going well!"

"Why of course, Marc, as always!" She replied.

She introduced Lisa.

"And my new friend here would like to upgrade to the premium therapy," she explained, taking Lisa's hand in hers.

Marc frowned, and sat down.

"Please, sit down, ladies," he gestured them into the chairs across from his. "Miss...?"

"Seymour." Lisa completed, "Lisa Seymour."

"Miss Seymour... You do understand that our premium services are not... er... conventional. The therapy involves sensory stimulation, sometimes quite... intimately. And we do use some aids that are not exactly ... Legal."

Lisa nodded.

"For these reasons it is strictly confidential. Once you sign up we will keep your participation entirely secret, and we demand that you do the same..."

Ten minutes later, having signed a form and paid a very large sum of money (in cash -- having been told that credit cards were not accepted for the special treatments, Marc led Lisa and Celeste out of his office and down a passage into another, similar room.

"I will fetch Sylvie, and then I'll be back."

Celeste smiled at her.

"You won't regret it!" she winked.

The room was light and airy, warm with some cane chairs to one side, surrounded by ferns. On the floor a couple of yoga mats had been laid out side byside, about a foot between them. 

Celeste took off her robe, sat in a chair, gestured for Lisa to do the same.

A screen door slid open, and a woman entered, carrying a tray with two steaming glasses. She was blonde, wearing a similar t-shirt to the man that had taken them there, and an almost see-through sarong wound around her waist. 

"Welcome... I'm Sylvie. I will be your therapist today, along with Marc - he'll be back in a moment," she said, "Here - drink this - it will help you to relax."

Sylvie removed her t-shirt, standing bare-breasted before them, unembarrassed. As Lisa and Celeste finished the herbal tea, the door slid open again, and Marc entered. 

He had changed, and now, like Sylvie, he wore only a shear sarong around his waist, his cafe-au-lait body lean and shiny. In his hand he carried a leather bag, like a doctor's valise, which he placed on the floor between two mats which had been laid out beside each other.

He gave them a large white smile.

"If you're ready... Let's get started..."

Celeste walked over to a mat laid out on the floor, and lay on her stomach, smiling sleepily at Lisa, her eyes glazed.

Lisa realized she was feeling dreamy... Intoxicated - it must have been the tea. Sylvie led her to another mat, and she lay down.

Marc was kneeling beside Celeste massaging her back, kneading oil into her shoulders, moving down to her buttocks; and Lisa felt Sylvie's strong warm hands working on her muscles.

She noticed Celeste reach over and tug Marc's sarong, loosening it and letting it fall the ground. He smiled across at Lisa, standing naked, and in her woozy state she found herself mesmerized by the thick, pale brown penis hanging between his legs. 

Marc's hands were steadily massaging their way up Celeste's thighs. Celeste rolled onto her back, opening her legs a little wider, and Marc's muscular hands began to move over her oiled pubic mound.

As she watched Marc part Celeste's thighs, Lisa felt her own body grow warm with desire. She felt herself begin to melt from within, her sex ached to be touched, and she squirmed against the mat as her thighs, almost of their own accord, parted.

Sylvie's voice entered her reverie.

"Would you like me to start the more... intimate massage?" She murmured.

Lisa nodded, her eyes still transfixed on Marc and Celeste, as his fingers parted her vulva, offering a tantalising glimpse of her moist pink folds from between the matted curls of dark fur. Marc's member was growing swollen, and as Lisa watched it stiffened so that the crimson crown pushed out from his organ, and it stood proudly pointing upwards. 

Sylvie gently, but firmly, rolled Lisa onto her back, and from the bag which Marc had placed between the two mats she bag took out a small bottle of oil. Lisa noticed that Sylvie had discretely slipped the sarong to the floor, so that now they were all completely naked.

She put a couple of drops of the oil on her hand, and without hesitating cupped Lisa's pubis, a finger pressing along her slit. As she firmly rubbed and the oil worked its way into her most sensitive skin Lisa gasped: the oil was warming her, exquisitely, but growing hotter. Her clitoris was swelling beneath Sylvie's touch, and she felt her hips rocking towards the masseuses' hands, wanting more.

Meanwhile Marc was penetrating Celeste's vagina with one hand, two fingers buried inside her as he expertly massaged her clitoris. Lisa noticed that Celeste's hand was caressing Marc's engorged cock, sliding up the pole to fondle its head, then moving back down to cup his balls, again and again, slowly. His eyes were closed, as he concentrated on working on her.

Celeste's eyes, heavy-lidded with desire, turned to meet Lisa's.

"Are you enjoying your treatment?" she asked, her voice thick.

Lisa could only nod.

Sylvie now produced another bottle of oil, and applied a couple of drops. A menthol scent met Lisa, and she felt her sex grow cold as Sylvie massaged the oil into her. Again she gasped, a shiver of deep pleasure running through her. Sylvie slipped an oiled finger between her labia, delving inside her, and Lisa wanted to be filled. She looked hungrily at Marc's cock, swollen, brown, and shimmering as her new friend stroked it.

Sylvie was watching her face, and thrust another finger and then a third, while with her thumb she circled her throbbing, inflamed clitoris.

"You'd like that inside you? Wouldn't you," she breathed, her breath hot on Lisa's neck. 

Lisa nodded.

"You'd like your cunt filled with his big cock, wouldn't you? Your cunt is hungry for his hard dick... I can feel it," she whispered,

Lisa swallowed, watching, opening her thighs wider.

Sylvie quickly withdrew her fingers, leaving Lisa feeling empty. She reached into the bag, and Lisa saw her produce a smooth, black object, the size and shape of a large banana, but rounded at each ends, made of a very dark wood. After coating it with oil, she ran it over Lisa's sex. It was warm, smooth, and Lisa opened herself up to it.

Sylvie slowly pressed it inside her, her fingers never stopping their firm, regular stroking on her clitoris, and Lisa groaned as the dildo filled her cunt.

Celeste was panting, her hips bucking, as Marc rubbed her faster and faster, his fingers thrusting deeply inside her vagina. Her face was coated in sweat, and Lisa watched as Marc leaned down and sucked on her nipples. Her body writhed in ecstasy, and then went limp.

Lisa's own body seemed to have been stirred up to a pinnacle of pleasure and desire that she had never before experience. As she watched Celeste's dramatic orgasm, and felt Sylvie's ministrations to her cunt, she ached for her own release. Each time she felt herself draw to verge of orgasm, her masseuse seemed to sense it, and returned to teasing her, turning the curve of the dark wood inside her to stimulate some new undiscovered erogenous zone, raising the plateau of her pleasure, but not letting her have the release she was yearning for.

Celeste now lay limply, her eyes drooping with ecstasy and exhaustion, and Marc crawled around her, moving in beside Sylvie to kneel above Lisa. Sylvie, still thrusting the dildo inside Lisa, wrapped her other hand around Marc's cock, and Marc's strong fingers began to palpate Lisa's clitoris. She moaned with pleasure at the extra attention.

"He really does have a lovely cock," Sylvie said, bending to kiss it.

"Please, let me suck him.." Lisa begged.

Marc smiled, and moved beside her head, reclining so that his penis was next to her mouth. Lisa took the firm, hot organ into mouth, savouring the silky heat of his engorged crown. Sylvie thrust the dildo faster into her, and Marc's fingers rubbed faster and faster. Lisa noticed that Sylvie's other hand was between her own thighs, masturbating herself rapidly.

Lisa felt herself enveloped in rapture; the world around her receded so that all she could sense was her cunt, filled and spasming, her clitoris, engorged and pulsing with orgasm, and the delicious hot cock, filling her mouth. Sylvie was panting, wanking herself furiously into her own orgasm, and Marc began too to pulse and then her mouth and throat were flooded by Marc's hot sweet cream, taking Lisa's orgasm to another, never before imagined level.

***

Later that afternoon Robert Flanders was sitting in the sauna. He had the afternoon off after some business meetings and had thought he'd treat himself to a massage and sauna at the local spa, which, he'd heard, was rather good.

While he was lying back, wrapped in his towel, enjoying working up a sweat in the pine-scented steam, the door opened. A youngish, olive skinned man had entered, smiled and nodded a greeting, then unwrapped himself, and sat down.

Robert could not help but notice his penis, thick, pale brown, uncircumcised. Even though he was not really inclined towards such things, he had to admire that it was a particularly fine specimen.

"Got to let the steam onto your body... can't wrap up," he said, nodding towards the towel wrapped around Robert.

Robert, in deference to this logic, and to the atmosphere of unashamed sensuality that had entered the sauna with its latest inhabitant, disrobed. His own organ, of its own will, began to swell.

The other man appraised it with an expert eye.

"Pleased to meet you... my name's Marc," he said. "What treatment are you here for? I'm having the Premium Service Option... I think you might be interested..."

***

In one of the guest rooms of the spa Celeste and Lisa laid out two mats on the floor and then put on matching t-shirts emblazoned with the spa's name and "Staff", and waited for their clients to arrive...

(to be continued...?)

Please leave feedback... let me know if you liked this story, if you'd like it to continue, what you think could happen next...