 The naked Amazon led her into the bathing area. The bathtub was a pool large enough for a dozen people. Steam rose from the scented water and tickled her heightened senses. She was drawn into the warm, bubbling foam where honey-voice dribbled water over her breasts. Her eyes closed tightly when her erect nipples were pinched and pulled. She felt a loofah scrape her shoulders; the woman’s stiff nipples teased her back. 

A tingling sensation warmed her pussy, she felt tiny bubbles pop from her hole. The sponge travelled slowly to her chest and raked her tits. The demanding mouth was back, drawing her rigid nipples into its damp heat. The ragged sponge scraped along her belly to her pubis. Solid fingers prodded her thighs open to allow the loofah to journey further. She spread her legs, feeling the harshness scraping against her sensitive labia. Moaning, she ground against the sponge’s abrasiveness, needing to feel its punishment.

She felt the sandpaper-like roughness prodding her slit, her hips churned to engulf it, to swallow its coarseness, to feel its torment. Crying out for more she wasn’t aware when he joined them. His monster rod, erect and hard, brushed her back. He grabbed her ass, spread her open, and without hesitation plunged into her cunt. She screamed, climaxing immediately.

When she regained her senses she found she was still impaled on his stiff rod. Her hands groped the heavy tits bobbing on the water in front of her, her mouth jammed hungrily against the dark aureole; sucking and crooning like a starving baby. He kept his firm grip on her hips, her pussy tightening with each demanding throb of his shaft. She ground against him, aching to feel the power of his thrusts pummeling against her womb.

The woman lifted herself out of the water onto the edge of the bath. Her nakedness shimmered in the softly lit room. She bent her knees exposing her bald pussy. She couldn’t take her eyes off the glob of creamy white cum that dripped from her hole. 

“C’mon sweetie,” she taunted, “eat me.”

Without hesitation her face crushed the tantalizing cunt, lapping and sucking every sweet tasting drop of cum. Honey-voice's screams and cries aroused a deep, primal need within her. She couldn’t get enough. Grunting, her fingers violently rammed the hot cunt, licking the streaming pussy juices from her own hand. She spread the legs further apart so her mouth could travel downward to the puckered, brown bud. Her tongue ravished the butt hole, prodding and sucking in rhythm with her jabbing fingers forcing their way into her cunt. 

She was so engrossed in her own delights she hardly noticed when his granite shaft moved in her cunt. She ground her ass against him, driving his rod deeper inside her. He moaned and answered her call, repeatedly pulling his cock out to the tip then ramming her. Her face and mouth trouncing the swollen cunt. 

“Now,” he cried. “I’m cumming you sluts!”

Frantically he rammed her cunt, driving her teeth into the sopping, wet hole. She sucked and jammed her tongue inside the pussy while her fingers tormented her asshole.

“Fuck me you bitch,” honey voice screamed, holding her head and wildly grinding her cunt against her face.

Her body was on fire. She felt the lava-like eruption gush over the iron rod shoved up her cunt. She vacuumed every drop of hot, juicy cum that overflowed from her mouth splashing her face. 

The walls echoed with their culminating cries. 

When they had regained their ragged breathing he slowly withdrew his still erect cock. Honey voice gently lifted her head that rested on her inner thigh and raised herself up. He kissed her gently on her face, smoothing strands of damp hair from her eyes. 

Together they helped her from the water and led her to a nearby low table.