 A young woman nursed a drink at the bar of the Birmingham Hilton. She had glossy black hair that fell in soft waves to her shoulders and wore a short red jersey halterneck dress which clung to her curves. It was not the kind of dress with which you could wear a bra. 

It was a warm, close evening. The air conditioning was turned up high and the swell of her nipples was plainly visible to the barman with whom she had been chatting. The bar had begun to fill up with conference attenders and she covertly appraised each one as they arrived. At length she made a decision. A man of around 45, greying but still with a full head of hair, in suit trousers and open-necked shirt and wearing a gold ring on the fourth finger of his left hand sat alone at a low table. She took her glass, crossed the bar and slid onto the sofa beside him. "Do you mind if I join you?"

His shrug was not particularly welcoming, but she was undeterred.

"I'm Leda," she said. "Are you with the accountants?"

"The civil engineers," he replied. "Graham." She smiled and offered her hand to shake.

"You're married, Graham?"

"For nineteen years," he said. "You?"

Leda shook her head. "No. I like casual sex. No strings. I prefer it when they are happily married."

Graham stared at her. He hadn't been actively looking to pick anyone up and hadn't really looked at her closely until now. He very much liked what he saw: she was a very attractive girl, no more than 24 or 25 - and he was open to persuasion.

"I need a lot of sex," Leda continued, looking into her glass. "I like it."

Graham took a sip of his own drink, studying her lovely face. Her lips were painted red, her wide eyes were a clear, candid green.

"Are you faithful to your wife?" she asked.

"No," he replied, honestly. "I'm sleeping with my secretary. And sometimes I fuck a widowed neighbour and one of my daughter's friends."

Leda drained her glass. She would have seduced him regardless of his reply, but had he professed fidelity her answer would not have been as direct as the one she gave now. "Would you like to fuck me?"

. . .

In the lift, they kissed urgently and his hands crept under her skirt to cup her arse-cheeks.

They were not alone. An older couple stood beside them. They were a distinguished, good-looking pair, expensively-dressed and well-groomed; probably, thought Leda, in Birmingham to sample its cultural, not its carnal, attractions. The woman huffed disapprovingly as Graham slammed Leda's back against the mirrored wall, thrusting his tongue into her hot mouth as she wrapped her slender legs around his hips. Her husband, however, was watching openly. Leda, surfacing for breath and catching his eye, winked at him. Mischievously she reached behind her neck and untied her halter. The top of her dress slipped down to reveal her pert tits with their erect nipples. She let the old guy get a good eyeful before burying her fingers in Graham's hair and feeding her left breast into his mouth.

The uppity woman, who had been studiously gazing straight ahead, tight-lipped, didn't notice until the lift stopped moving and Graham set Leda back onto her feet that Leda was naked to the waist. The woman gasped, scandalised, and snapped, "Come on, Robert," to her staring husband. Reluctantly he trailed out of the opening doors behind his wife but hung back, continuing to look back at Leda in frank admiration, a hard-on tenting his trousers. Leda followed him down the hallway, making no attempt to cover herself, and Graham walked behind her, admiring the sway of her hips and the movement of her tight buttocks under the red fabric, amused by her casual exhibitionism.

Graham's room was directly opposite the older couple's. He slipped his access card into the lock and pushed the door open for Leda. Behind her back, his eyes met Robert's and he nodded and smiled. Robert noticed that the door swung to behind Graham but did not click.

"Robert!" came Helen's enraged voice from his own room. Meekly, he went inside.

. . .

Students Jake and Tyler worked the overnight shift at the Hilton. They'd arrived a little early and decided to have a cold Coke in the bar. The barman shovelled ice into their glasses.

"Is she here tonight?" Jake asked him.

"Oh, yes."

"Who's the lucky man?"

"Room 407. A Mr Swann."

Jake and Tyler made a mental note. Being called to a room Leda had been invited into often meant a treat. Several times they had caught sight of her naked. Once, she had been giving a blowjob while Tyler brought in an order and had winked at him. Competition for these deliveries was fierce.

. . .

Graham leaned back against the closed door, careful not to let it latch. Leda smiled inwardly, the subterfuge not lost on her. She fervently hoped that Robert would have the courage to take Graham up on his unspoken invitation, but was not convinced he would. Dismissing the thought from her mind she wriggled from her dress, dropped her clutch; and in her hold ups, high patent shoes and knickers she dropped to her knees and unzipped Graham's trousers.

His dick, she thought, was beautiful: slightly curved, on the short side but impressively thick with prominent, ropey veins bulging from the surface. The mushroom head was swollen and deep red. Good choice, Leda, she thought. She sighed happily as she extended her tongue and began to give his shaft long, sloppy, enthusiastic licks, as she might a melting ice cream cone. A good quantity of pre-cum had seeped from the tip on the ride up in the lift and she scooped it up with relish. She took his cock in her fist to hold it out of the way and sucked first one of his heavy testicles and then the other. He was well-groomed, his pubic hair neatly trimmed, and she inhaled his masculine scent. Her tongue ran wetly along the raised seam under his scrotum and she ducked between his legs and tilted her head to lubricate the sensitive skin between his sac and the crack of his arse. His balls tightened and she worked her way over them again and up the length of his pole, before finally sucking his cockhead into her hungry mouth. Graham groaned and seized handfuls of her soft, shiny hair. She flicked her tongue over the tip of his penis and probed at his pisshole. Then she closed her lips around his dick and lowered her mouth towards the root, gradually taking in the entire length until he felt the back of her throat close on him. Rhythmically, she began to bob on his cock, bathing it in her saliva, gagging slightly as it filled her. At the same time, she stroked his balls lightly and caressed his taint. She varied her tempo so he was never quite sure exactly how long she would remain still with her mouth stuffed to capacity before pulling back, sometimes with a jerk, sometimes slow and smooth, bringing him to the brink of orgasm before teasingly backing off. 

Leda was skilled and her mouth felt incredible but he didn't want to cum too soon. At a point when she had drawn back until only his bulbous cockhead remained invisible, he twitched his hips and it popped from her mouth. She looked up at him in surprise until he lifted her bodily and carried her over to the bed, dropping her clutch bag on the nightstand. She kicked off her shoes and lay on her back, stretching her arms above her head, as he undressed. Graham parted her legs and crawled between them. She was wearing - of course she was, he thought - red crotchless knickers. He ran a finger along her wet pussy lips and then spread them for a closer look. She had a neat, pretty cunt and a thin strip of trimmed, dark hair bisected her soft mound. He peeled off her knickers to reveal a small heart-shaped tattoo where the landing strip ended. He slid his tongue over her folds and over and around her clit. She mewled softly and he continued exploring as she writhed under his mouth. He pulled back to suck his middle finger, which he then eased inside her. He wasn't sure what he had expected, but she was as tight as his daughter's 18 year old classmate and her pussy clung greedily to his finger as he pulled it out. On the second thrust he tried to insert a second finger but it was an effort and she flinched away. It was going to feel amazing around his cock.

He kissed his way up to her mouth, lingering on the way to tongue her nipples. Unlike his wife after he went down on her, Leda had no hesitation in sucking his tongue into her mouth. She even darted her own tongue out to clean up the glistening cunt juice coating his chin and his cock twitched impatiently. He spread her legs again, preparing to enter her but she braced her palms against the mat of black hair on his chest and said, "No." He was momentarily nonplussed until she added, "On your back," and she climbed astride him and guided the tip of his cock into her slick passage. 

Her pussy really was phenomenally tight. Had she not been so wet it would have tugged painfully on his foreskin as she very slowly sank down and he watched his length disappear inside of her. She held her breath as her vaginal walls gradually stretched to admit him, blowing it out in a rush when she finally felt his wiry pubic hair scratching her velvety mound. Her eyes were closed and her brow furrowed in concentration. She rocked a little from side to side to get comfortable before bearing down and moaning in pleasure. "Leda," he said, "are you OK?"

She opened her eyes and smiled radiantly. "I'm fantastic," she replied, beginning to move.

Leda liked to feel in control. She hated being told what to do or having to compromise, which was one of the reasons she liked one-night stands with married men who wouldn't make demands on her time or independence. She was single, lived alone in a converted warehouse apartment, and had a good, well-paid job. She visited a city centre gym, where she kept a locker well-stocked with conservative work clothes, on her way to the office each day to keep her body taut and toned, and she spent freely on her hair, nails and clothes. She had a healthy sex drive and most weeknights she would make only a brief pitstop at home to shower, change and reapply heavier make up before heading to one of the Birmingham hotels with top conference facilities, looking for sex. 

She liked to make the first move and would sit at the bar talking to the bartender to discourage anyone from sitting with her while she waited and watched. If she was approached she would have some well-prepared brush-offs ready. As might be expected, Leda was well-known by sight and name to many of the hotel staff and once or twice, when a porter had been asked by a male guest travelling alone if he could recommend company, she had been asked if she would be interested. She always declined. She was only too aware that her chosen lifestyle was high risk and she was unwilling (particularly as she disliked condoms) to fuck men who paid for sex. 

The men she chose were invariably much older than herself and wore wedding rings - and never once had she been turned down. She had extraordinary powers of persuasion but, given the way she looked, seldom had to deploy them for long. Despite her need for control she would not have been remotely interested in a submissive man or an inexperienced one. She didn't want to have control ceded to her; she wanted to *take* it; and she got off on power struggles. (She had to be very firm with herself in the workplace when conflicts with male colleagues or clients arose. In these situations she would become enormously aroused and have to remind herself that she had rules about office liaisons. She didn't need that sort of complication in her life.) Paradoxically, though, if a man she picked up managed to wrest control back, so much the better; she could respect that: she was open to most things and some of her favourite things, including anal sex, she had discovered when her partners had been reluctant to take no for an answer.

Now, she rode Graham in a smooth, fluid style as if she were rising to the trot in the dressage ring. She sat virtually erect and her breasts sagged only very slightly under their own weight. Her nipples jutted out, red and swollen in arousal. He held her waist, watching her perform. "You are so beautiful," he said. 

"Thank you," replied Leda. "Your cock is amazing."

"How often do you do this?" he asked.

"Oh, three or four nights a week," she said. "Do you always pick up women in bars when you are working away?"

"I didn't pick *you* up," Graham pointed out. "You very much picked me. Not that I'm complaining. Christ, your pussy's tight. What was I saying? Oh, yes. No, rarely in fact. I usually just watch the porn channels. But I'm very glad you came on to me tonight."

"I haven't cum yet," Leda said, insolently, and Graham's eyes narrowed.

Abruptly, he sat up and lifted her off his cock. "Hands and knees," he said, brusquely. He spread her buttocks, pushed her face into the mattress and plunged balls-deep into her wet pussy. She cried out in alarm as he ploughed her brutally. "Did nobody ever teach you any manners?" he asked and slapped her arse as hard as he could. Leda gave a muffled yelp. He did it again and she yelled harder. On the third slap she screamed and he felt her cunt clench violently around his cock as her body shuddered and shook. 

"Now you have," he said in quiet satisfaction, as he filled her hot passage with semen. In their battle for control, he had taken round two.

Leda laughed, surprised out of her composure. When he flopped onto his back she uncharacteristically snuggled against him, running her fingers through his chest hair. This was going to be fun. She leaned over to kiss him and whispered, "I'm thirsty."

He picked up the phone and called room service while she used the bathroom. As she returned to the bed, he said into the receiver, "We'll probably be busy. Just bring it straight in," and hung up as Leda's mouth closed on his.

When a light tap came at the door, Graham was pounding Leda's pussy again. She was on her side with him behind and he was holding one of her legs in the air for a better view in the mirror of his cock pistoning in and out of her. Jake was thrilled when he pushed the trolley into the room to be treated to a full frontal view of Leda's nude body being fucked. 

"Evening Mr Swann, Miss Knight," he said. "I'll just leave this by the window, shall I?"

He was savouring a last glance at Leda's stretched pussy lips when Graham withdrew from her, saying, "Hold on, son."

Jake froze. "What's your name?" Graham asked.

"I'm Jake."

"You like what you see, Jake?" Graham asked, splaying his fingers around her slick labia.

"Beautiful," Jake managed to croak.

"Come closer. Would you like to touch?" Leda looked uncertainly at Graham, opened her mouth to speak and then closed it again.

Jake hurried forwards. He reached out his hands and watched in astonishment as his own palms cupped Leda Knight's soft, round breasts. He pinched her nipples between his thumbs and index fingers and rolled them. Leda gasped.

Graham was enjoying himself and his dick remained erect.

"You can kiss her if you like."

Jake looked at Graham and then back at Leda, who said nothing. He knelt at the side of the bed and moved his hands to her flaming face. Then he kissed her, at first tentative and then aggressive, forcing his tongue between her teeth. For a moment Leda was tense but suddenly she relaxed into it, and he felt her hands on his shoulders.

Graham was speaking again. "She has the tightest pussy. Try it."

Jake sucked on Leda's bottom lip before pulling back. Graham pushed her onto her back, spreading her thighs. Jake looked in wonder at her parted folds. This is, like, the best dream ever, he thought. He licked his lips and lowered his face between her legs, probing her cunt with a hungry tongue. Leda shivered helplessly. He sought her clit, tonguing it vigorously and then catching it between his teeth and gently pulling. Leda's back arched and as it did, Jake thrust his middle finger into her tight hole. Leda convulsed and cried out.

"Nice work," said Graham. "You made her cum."

Jake, still not quite able to believe what had happened, kissed her wetly again and swiped at his wet chin with the back of his hand. Graham pressed a banknote into his hand as he left the room. "For your trouble," he said, catching the door again to ensure it didn't latch.

"What the hell was that?" Leda demanded.

"The drink you ordered," he said.

She glared. 

"OK, OK. I couldn't resist. It was the way he looked at you - like you were the embodiment of his ultimate fantasy. And you can't tell me you didn't enjoy it."

She bristled but said nothing, and when he poured her a glass of white wine she took it from him and drank deeply.

When he lifted her in to his lap, facing away from him so her arse was pressing into his belly and entered her again, she made no objection.

Leda's hair and tits were flying as she bounced energetically on Graham's meat when the door opened again and Robert, dressed in a hotel bathrobe, came in. Neither Leda nor Graham paused in their fucking and he sat in an easy chair to watch the show. Pleased that he had decided to join in, Leda smiled into his eyes and he let the bathrobe fall open to reveal his rock hard cock and began to stroke. Leda did like an audience. When Graham slid his hands up from her waist to squeeze her breasts it was all too much for her and she cried out as yet another powerful orgasm coursed through her supple body. Graham stood up, lifting her with him, and eased his erection from her sopping snatch.

"Help our guest out with that," he ordered and Leda obediently knelt at Robert's feet and set to work on his prick with hands and mouth.

"I'm glad you could join us," Graham said, sitting in the other easy chair. "Where's your wife?"

"Sleeping," replied Robert. "She's a poor sleeper usually but she's taken a couple of sleeping tablets and zonked right out. She'll never realise I'm not there."

"Excellent. I'm Graham and this hot slut is Leda. Say hello to Robert, Leda."

"Hi Robert," she said, indistinctly, her mouth full.

"So, Robert," Graham went on. "What would you like to do with her?"

"Fuck her in the arse," Robert replied immediately.

"I like a man who knows his own mind," Graham said, impressed.

He pulled Leda to her feet and led her to the bed. He lay back and she swung a leg over him until she was straddling him. His cock slapped against her flat belly and she rose up and used her hands to guide him inside her. As she had before, she took her time in sinking down to engulf him and then wriggled once he was deep inside. Then she looked back at Robert over her shoulder, lips parted, panting.

"Come on," Graham urged and Robert stood and dropped his robe. 

Leda was rocking gently on Graham's dick as she said, "There's lube in my bag, Robert." He spotted the black clutch on the nightstand and reached inside for the bottle. She beckoned him over and coated her hands with the viscous liquid, then ran her hands all over his hard cock until it was slippery and ready. She leaned forward from the waist, pressing her mouth to Graham's, dried her hands on the bottom sheet and reached back to spread her buttocks.

Her pink puckered hole was open to him. Robert moved between her legs and Graham's and squeezed a stream of lube between her cheeks. He stroked her crack, distributing it, and then circled her anus with his forefinger before working it inside to open her up. Leda moaned into Graham's mouth as Robert's cockhead nudged her arsehole and pushed. She pushed back and he felt her stretch around him. She whimpered and he grasped her hips, digging his fingers into the tender flesh, to hold her still as he thrust harder. Suddenly his cock popped inside and she gave a muffled scream. He stayed still for a moment, his balls crushed between their bodies, while she breathed hard and then began slowly to move.
