 I awoke to an empty bed. "Shit," I thought, "she could at least have said goodbye; preferably with a last fuck or at least a blow-job." I turned onto my back, put my hands behind my head and let my mind wander over the events of the previous night. My thoughts were interrupted when the door opened and in she walked, clad in a bath towel with another wrapped like a turban around her head.

"Morning, sleepy," she said, "hope you don't mind but I took the liberty of taking a shower."

"Not at all," I answered, patting the bed. "Come and join me so I can make you all dirty again."

She smiled that devastating smile. "Wish I could, big boy," she said, "but I need to get going; I've got a netball match at twelve and I need to go back to Daddy's to get my kit."

She dropped the towel from around her body, revealing those luscious curves and just stood there drying her hair. I sat there mesmerised, I may have even been drooling as I took in every inch of her body. She was putting on a show, that was for sure and her audience was lapping it up. I just sat there in the bed watching as she finished with her hair and put her dress back on, not bothering with any underwear. She styled her hair as best she could, using my comb and her fingers, blew me a kiss and walked towards the front door.

"You can come and watch if you want," she called back, "Town park, there's only one court so it should be easy to find," and with that she was gone.

After she'd left I checked my watch, quarter to ten. I lay in bed for a while before getting up, showering and having some breakfast. I decided a trip to the park to watch some nubile young women prancing around in netball gear would be a great way to spend my Sunday lunch time. I dressed in a t-shirt and jeans and took a slow stroll to the park. I arrived at the netball court just in time to see the two teams warming up; Jess saw me and waved before continuing with her stretches. Taking in the scene, there were at least twenty women of various shapes and sizes wearing skimpy skirts over all shades of panties. Jess's team seemed to be all in their twenties, all shapely and hot as hell. The other team were what I would call a mixed bunch; there were the older women, probably the toughened experienced hands and a number of lithe younger women with shapely figures. I was in for a treat watching all these babes running around the court with their little skirts flapping up and showing off their panties.

The match started and Jess was playing what I found out later was Centre; she was in the thick of the action but when she got the chance and saw that I was looking she would flick up the back of her skirt to show off her gorgeous butt covered in navy school-like knickers. I decided to film some of the action on my phone, zooming in on the legs and knickers as they came on display, totally losing touch with what was actually happening in the game.

At the end of the third quarter Jess came to see me; her team were 45-33 up and she decided to rest up, letting one of the subs play in her position. She asked if I liked her panties and I confirmed that I did but that I would love to rip them off of her. She stood in front of me, kissing me on the lips while her right hand snuck down and had a grope of my cock.

"Nice," she said, "good to see Rob Junior is enjoying the game."

We had some cuddles while watching the last quarter of the match, Jess's team won 54- 46 and the players all gathered on the court for a group celebratory hug. God, how I wished I could be in the middle of all that delectable flesh. When they did their high-five leap all their short skirts flew up, revealing all sorts of styles and colours of panties -- a voyeur's dream.

Jess came back to see me and told me that the girls always went to the pub after a match for a celebratory drink; I'd be welcome to join them, but she couldn't promise she'd be spending much time with me. I opted out and returned to my flat where I linked my phone up to my laptop to watch the footage I had taken.

I sat on my settee just in my boxers and brought Bob Junior out to play; happily stroking my cock while admiring the legs and knickers on display. Something caught my eye in the background of the shot and I re-wound and zoomed in. On the opposite side of the court were the two women from the cinema and they were waving to one of the players on court. I couldn't make out who it was, but I was suddenly wondering if Jess was Bi. I returned to the general footage and managed to time my ejaculation to the moment of the high-five multiple knicker show.

I decided to throw my clothes back on and take a walk to my local; I could detour through the park to see if Jess was around and, anyway, it was the scenic route. As I strolled around the lake I noticed how many young couples were enjoying the afternoon sunshine, arm-in-arm, chatting, kissing and enjoying each other's company. Suddenly I felt very lonely; sure I'd not long ago had incredible sex but I knew Jess was just a transient experience and pretty soon I'd be back to my old lonely self. One couple I was a few yards behind turned off the path suddenly into a patch of woodland. I guessed what they would be getting up to and thought about following them but decided against; I couldn't afford to pick up a reputation as a peeping tom.

Once I reached the pub, I went to the bar and was served by Rosie. Rosie was my favourite barmaid; red hair and big boobs who always wore low cut tops -- what more could a guy ask for? She flirted with me, as she always did, letting me believe I had a chance of getting into her knickers, before she went to serve her next customer. I watched ruefully as she sauntered away; her arse sure looked good in those skin-tight jeans! I took my pint and sat at a table, opening up the paper I'd bought on the way to the park. For a while I was able to relax and forget about my loneliness, losing myself in the sports section but then my ex and her new husband walked in. God, she looked good. She must have lost three stone since our divorce and, although in her early forties, she was in one of those dresses and she looked damn hot. They went up to the bar and ordered a drink. I couldn't take my eyes off her; if she'd looked that hot when I was married to her I never would have strayed. James, her new husband, had his hand round her waist but as he caught me watching them he lowered it to her butt and caressed it through the flimsy material. He said something to Naomi and she looked in my direction and laughed. I thought, "You wouldn't be laughing if you saw Jess sitting on my lap," but it was little consolation and I got up and left, leaving half a pint in my glass.

I returned to the flat, had an early night and continued with my mundane life.

The days passed, and I found myself in my old routine, following legs into coffee bars and just ogling and wishing. Sometimes I thought I recognised one or two of the girls from the netball game but as I hadn't got chatting to any of them I couldn't really approach them. I spent a lot of time thinking about Jess and her super sexy body; especially when I was in the shower -- yeah, the memories of that night sure served me well.

About two weeks later I had a call out of the blue; it was Jess, I checked my watch, it was nine p.m.

"Hi Rob," she said, "just got back from a trip to the Maldives. Daddy's got a villa out there. Are you free tonight? I've got a favour to ask."

"Jess," I said, "I didn't think I'd hear from you again. How you doing? What is it you want?"

"Welll," she said, "you remember Ashley, right?"

"Yeah," I said, "your fat friend who had the accident, right?"

"Don't be a bastard," she said, "Ashley's lovely, she's just got an eating disorder."

"Okay, sorry," I said, "what about her?"

"Wellll," she said "she hasn't got laid in over six months. Not since she split with her boyfriend and I told her what a great dick you've got. Would you fuck her for me? If you do, I promise you at least one more night with me."

I felt like I was being used but the thought of Jess's body kept flooding my memory.

"Are you still there?" she asked.

"Okay," I said, "I'll do it. But you owe me big time."

"Agreed," she said, "I'll arrange it with Ashley and get back to you."

She hung up and my heart sunk. How could such a young woman have me wrapped around her finger so well. I lusted for her. I'd do anything for another night with her. I am pathetic!

Half an hour later the phone rang again. "Hello," I said.

"Hi Rob," said Jess, "Ashley's really keen. We'll be over in about fifteen mins."

I decided to take a quick shower and splash on some cologne, slipped on my dressing gown and waited for the bell to ring. Sure enough, pretty much fifteen minutes later there was a ring on the door and I went to open it. On the other side of the door stood Jess, looking hot, fresh and young and Ashley, wearing the biggest smile and the most make-up I had ever seen. As I invited them in, my neighbour Dawn walked past; she looked at the two girls and then at me. I got the impression it was a look of disapproval but what the hell, she had her man -- I was single and available and not answerable to anyone!

"So, what's the plan, Jess? You leaving or joining in?" I asked.

Jess whacked me in the stomach, "Neither," she said, "I'm here to watch."

I led the girls through to the bedroom; why waste time with a detour? I took their coats, went to the kitchen to get a couple of drinks and returned to the bedroom. Jess was sitting in the chair in the corner.

"Hoping for a good show," said Jess, "I wanna watch you in action. Try to work out how you made me feel so good. My pussy was still sore a couple of days after. Couldn't let my boyfriend near me!"

I stopped in my tracks briefly; she hadn't mentioned a boyfriend. She saw the look on my face and laughed. "It's alright. We're not serious or exclusive or anything like that. Well, not as far as I'm concerned anyway."

She took the drinks from me, downed one herself and handed the other to Ashley, who also downed the wine. While Ashley was drinking, I circled round the back of her and moved her raven hair to one side as I kissed the back of her neck several times. She shivered and handed her glass back to Ashley as I undid the zip of her dress. I put my hands inside her dress and grabbed hold of both bra-covered breasts, massaging them and making her nipples rise. Ashley sighed and rested her head back on my shoulder as I was stretching my fingers to try to grasp a whole tit in one hand. They were ginormous, and I suddenly realised that larger girls had some advantages!

I started kissing her back as my hands worked on the clasp of her bra. Once this was undone I lowered the front of her dress and her bra, baring the top half of her body. I spun her around and lowered my mouth to her left nipple, sucking long and hard as her hands undid the belt of my dressing gown and threw it to the floor. I was now naked and her hands were both on Bob Junior, stroking him while I was feasting on her mountains of breast. She was eager to get my cock inside her and she reached under her dress and pulled her panties down, stepping out of them before pulling the tip of my cock against her pussy lips.

"Oh God, yes," she said as she rubbed her lips with my cock-head. Her juices were coating my already wet cock and she pulled me inside her, before throwing herself backwards onto the bed. This just had the effect of my cock exiting her moist cave, but I was soon on top of her spread-eagled body and inserting him back into her. As I pushed the full length in, she audibly gasped and I arched my back towards her forcing it a further centimetre or two into her wanton hole. She grabbed my arse cheeks and tried to pull me even further in; I didn't think that would be possible, but she managed it somehow. I was now more inside her than I think I had ever been in any other woman. I lay inside her briefly, wanting to enjoy the feeling of being so far inside her. I lowered my head and started sucking her tits again, using one of my hands to position her breast so that I could get my lips onto it. Her hands were stroking my arse cheeks, cupping them and squeezing and her fingers started to roam into the valley between. I began to pump slowly in and out, but she stopped me, pressing hard on my butt, telling me without speaking that I wasn't to move. I resumed my nibbling of her nipples, which had at least doubled in size since I'd started and enjoyed the warm wetness of her pussy. I looked at her as she inserted a finger in her mouth. I tried to withdraw, thinking that this was a sign that she wanted to taste my cock, but she held me firm, clenching my cock with her vagina. Her hand returned to my bum and then she did it; her finger entered my arse and pushed in as far as she could from that angle. My cock immediately exploded inside her and she came at the same time, letting out a deafening cry of release. I just lay my head on the pillow provided by her breasts and tried to recover from the unexpected, yet fantastically enjoyable, intrusion.

"Well, you two don't hang about, do you?" came Jess's voice.

I raised my head and looked across to where she was sitting. She was sort of slouched down in the chair and was dipping her finger into her replenished wine before stroking her pussy with it and then sucking the combined juices off her finger. She had clearly been at it for some time as her pussy looked invitingly wet.

Jess saw the hungry look on my face. "Don't even think about it," she said, "tonight is Ashley's night."

I pulled myself off of Ashley and looked down at her. Her eyes were fixed on mine as she watched what I was doing. I took both of her hands in mine and pulled her upright so that her face was level with my groin. She instinctively took my flaccid cock in her mouth and started to lick and suck. My hands were running through her hair as my buttocks started to thrust my cock into its latest home. Sure enough, Bob Junior started to respond to the attention and was starting to grow and fill Ashley's mouth, almost causing her to gag. She tried to widen her throat to cope with the intruder and I felt myself slip further into her; my self-control had disappeared with the pleasure I was experiencing, and my thrusts had become quicker and deeper. It was as if I was trying to drive a hole right through her head and out of the back. She was gasping for breath as my cock filled her mouth and she was struggling to breathe through her nose with my stomach constantly thrusting up against it. I had intended her using her mouth to just get me hard again but the pleasure I was feeling overwhelmed me, and I fired a second load straight into her stomach as she swallowed greedily. When I had finished emptying my balls she took my cock from her mouth and looked at it before licking the few remnants of cum from it and lying back down on the bed exhausted.

I lay beside her and cast my eyes in Jess's direction. She had extracted a dildo from her bag and was busy inserting it into her sopping pussy whilst looking at me and Ashley. The squelching noises of her juices were so inviting but I knew she was off limits, so I just lay there watching her in action. It was a long dildo and with each thrust she was pushing it further and further into her delicious honey pot. She smiled that radiant smile when she saw me watching her and pulled the dildo from her snatch, offering it to me. I took it from her and went to insert it back into her but she stopped me.

"It's for you to taste, if you want," she said, "But you can't have any interaction with me tonight."

I held the dildo up to my mouth and pushed it in, enjoying the taste of Jess's pussy juices.

"Looks like you're sucking another man's cock," said Ashley, rising to her elbows.

"Would you?" asked Jess, "if it had just come out of my pussy?"

"No way," I stated, "a dildos one thing -- another guy's cock -- never."

When I had finished cleaning it up, I handed it back to Jess, who resumed working the dildo into her pussy, eyeing me and my cock all the time. I moved up on the bed, resting my back on the headrest in what was becoming my "recovery" position. Ashley remained where she was, sprawled on the bed as we both watched Jess working her pussy with the dildo. Needing a piss, I got up and went to the bathroom. When I returned, Ashley was on her knees in front of Jess eating her pussy out.

"I thought you were out of bounds tonight," I said.

Jess looked at me with slightly glazed eyes, "Only to you," she said huskily, "this night is all about pleasing Ashley and if she wants to taste my pussy, she's welcome to it."

From where I was standing, Ashley's butt looked very inviting and I got down on my knees behind her and began stroking my erection against her pussy. It was the first time I'd noticed how hairy she was down there, such a contrast to Jess who just had a landing-strip. Ashley's butt was up in the air, her pussy almost inviting me in and I never say no to such an invitation. I eased into her from behind, causing a muffled squeal with her mouth buried in Jess's snatch. My forward thrust had the effect of pushing her face and tongue harder up against Jess who let out a louder squeal. I started to pound Ashley in earnest, enjoying the view of her eating out Jess's gorgeous pussy. I was definitely gonna get a share of those juices from Ashley's mouth once I'd finished humping her.

I reached round with my hands and grabbed Ashley's mountainous swinging tits, struggling to keep a hold of them, they were swinging so much. I pinched her nipples, causing a further squeal. Her tongue thrust into Jess's honeypot and Jess was grabbing her head by the hair and pulling her more and more onto that wanton pussy. A wicked grin appeared on Jess's face and she reached for, and handed me, the dildo; motioning to Ashley's arse. I shook my head "No," but Jess mouthed to me "Two nights" and then "Three nights" before I gave in. Another three nights of bed with Jess; I'd do almost anything for that.

I spat on Ashley's butt hole and rubbed my spittle into her anus, slowly inserting a finger into her and working it in and out. Once she was used to this, I added a second finger and slowly worked it so that they were both into her up to the second knuckle. She was putting more and more effort into Jess's snatch whilst also pushing her butt towards me, encouraging my fingers. I worked them around inside her, trying to get the hole used to something sizeable in it, before removing my fingers and inserting the tip of the dildo. Ashley's body went stiff; she stopped moving her head and tongue and just stayed motionless as I slowly worked the tapering end of the dildo into her rectum; one inch, two inches, progress was slow but she was taking it. As I got to four inches inside her, she began to eat Jess's pussy again. I rested the dildo in her arse and commenced pumping my cock in her pussy but every so often I would slightly withdraw and then push the dildo back in. Ashley was crimson in the face but there was no complaint and she was intent on giving Jess's pussy as much attention as she could muster while having both of her holes fucked. Jess was now rubbing her clit with one hand, but Ashley pushed this aside and took the clit in her mouth and sucked hard, causing Jess to scream out as a torrent of juices flooded Ashley's face. Ashley rested her head in her arms on the floor, giving me even easier access to her pussy and I began to pump it furiously, wanting to give her the same level of orgasm as Jess had just experienced. Having already ejaculated twice, my balls weren't about to release a third load easily, but my cock stayed long and firm and I was pushing it all the way into the glistening passage before me. I was on the point of considering exchanging places with the dildo when a trembling legged Jess knelt down by my side and took hold of the dildo.
