 She lay face-down on the soft mat gasping when strong fingers teased along her ass crack. Expert hands and fingers massaged warm, fragrant oil into every nook and cranny of her relaxed body. Groaning, her back arched when oily fingers slipped inside her pussy. They urged her to her knees; she felt a faint breeze when they spread her ass cheeks wide open. Grinding against a skillful, stroking hand that taunted her clit, she moaned when a hot tongue sucked and stabbed her butt hole. Her cries bounced off the walls when she shuddered with an intense orgasm. 

Strong hands helped her turn onto her back where her knees where spread apart and raised to her shoulders. Honey voice’s scorching mouth found hers, forcing her teeth apart with her tongue while her hands kneaded her pillow breasts. Her body afire she was barely aware when he began sliding his long fingers rhythmically in and out of her ass. She mashed her hips against his fingers, begging for more. Honey voice removed her tongue from her mouth, and straddled her face. She sucked and swallowed hot pussy juices from the silky-smooth, creamy snatch crushing her mouth. 

Her pelvis surged against the fingers assaulting her virginal ass, groaning when his huge cock pushed against her bung hole. She felt as though she was being split in two. Honey voice grabbed her hands when she tried to push her off and secured them over her head. His brutal hands jerked her legs further apart and anchored them over her shoulders, his iron cock demanding entry into her tight rear. She tried to scream when the tip of his rod forced its way inside but the dripping cunt fucking her face silenced her. He remained steady giving her time to get used to his largeness. Fingers plunged into her cunt, her body responded drawing them deeper inside and allowing her sphincter muscles to relax. Slowly he pushed his massive shaft up her ass until his balls pressed against her. She writhed in agony and ecstasy. The intense sensation fired her desire for more. When he tried to pull out, she groaned and violently thrust her ass on his prick. He chuckled and answered her challenge, fucking her ass until she screamed and exploded with a mind-blowing orgasm. 

When she regained her breathing, his spicy breath whispered in her ear, “Now, it’s your turn to show me how much you love me.”

She was helped to her feet and the trio walked naked down the short hallway to a leather padded door. Silently the door swung inward on a dimly lit room. Her eyes flew over the room unable to comprehend the elaborate display of leather and metal that greeted her. 

Struggling, she tried to free herself from their tight hold. Ignoring her shrieking and pleas they dragged her to where shackles hung from the ceiling, cuffing her hands and chaining her feet to the floor. A knotted leather strap tied tightly over her mouth silenced her panicked screams. 

Now, huddled on the church steps she shuddered remembering the agonizing hours of prodding, twisting and other atrocities they conducted on her body that night. She remembered their laughing at her discomfort and feeble attempts to escape her bindings all the while whipping and punishing her sore body even more. 

Hours later, when they finally finished with her, they gently placed her battered and humbled body onto a soft bed. From there she watched as they violently fucked each other. She felt her snatch heat up at the scene and crawled off the bed to join them. She buried her tongue deep into the honey cunt and felt his hard cock slide up her ass. After that she was theirs.

He brought her to that place very often afterwards. She begged him to take her every night but he wouldn’t. She gave him everything she had. He stayed home and slept all day while she worked and paid the bills. Every evening, as soon as she came in the door after work, he made her strip out of her clothes and crawl on all fours to suck him off. Then he’d fuck her doggie style, slamming against her ass until she screamed and collapsed. He’d then put a spiked collar around her neck and chain her to the table while he ate the dinner she prepared for him. If she made a sound, he’d whip her. She made many sounds just to feel the ravishing bite of the whip. She was nothing but she was his nothing.

It was his idea to get married. In retrospect she couldn’t understand why. There wasn’t any threat of her ever leaving him. In her mind she heard his promise to love her forever when he kissed her goodbye last night. She left him then to stay at her friend’s place so they could meet the next day in front of the altar. 

Now, here she sat. Nothing. Alone.

Her body trembling, she groaned.

“What did you say, love,” the bridesmaid asked.

“I said he’ll pay for this.” 

end prelude