 The weeks flew by. I was now permanently sleeping at Dawn's, just using my flat as my office -- oh how I hate the daily commute! Dawn would pop in occasionally during the day, to make me a tea or coffee, if I wasn't busy she would stay for a chat and sometimes a quick shag. Neither of our sex lives had ever been so good!

Dawn had been to see a solicitor about filing for divorce and matters were progressing speedily. As Dan had been the first transgressor in the relationship Dawn was filing on the basis of infidelity by him. He tried to get her to change the reason to an irretrievable breakdown in the marriage, but she was having none of it; she wanted her sister named and shamed in the paperwork! Dan was concerned about his reputation, not to mention what his mother would think. His boss was a strictly religious man and Dan was concerned that his job might be on the line if the truth leaked out. Eventually, after weeks of negotiations between the two sets of solicitors, Dawn received a call from the solicitor acting for her.

After putting the phone down, Dawn smiled delightfully at me.

"The bastard's given in," she said, "As long as I agree to change the reason for the divorce to an irretrievable breakdown, he is making no claim on any proceeds from the flat and will transfer it into my sole name."

She got up from her chair and hugged me. I held her tight, revelling in the feel of her petite body pressed up against me. My hands wandered down to her jean covered arse and grabbed her cheeks through the material as my mouth moved to hers. She returned my kiss and then broke away.

"No time for this now," she said, "I need to get to the solicitor's office and sign some papers before the bastard changes his mind." With that, she was out of the flat and gone. I returned to my work, whilst musing over a few thoughts in my mind.

I had to go to the dreaded Carol's office again, my mind struggling to rid itself the image of her as a dominatrix. She was dressed in her standard attire when I met her; sharp business suit with her usual stern expression to match.

"You're late," she barked.

I checked my watch -- it was one minute after I had been due to arrive.

"Sorry," I stammered, "it's only a minute."

"Late is late," she snarled, "time is money -- now get in there and get on with it," she said, pointing to the office.

My mind briefly wandered to getting in her pussy and getting on with it, but I was soon brought back to earth by her voice, yet again.

"Well? What are you waiting for?" she bellowed.

I rushed into the office and started checking the accounts, feeling pity for anyone who had to work for her full-time. I quickly worked through the pile of accounts set out, correcting a few minor errors, and returned the papers to her before leaving. 

My drive home took me past the shopping mall where Dawn and I had shopped before our holiday. For some reason I decided to park up and have a wander through the shops; window-shopping, not something I would normally do but an idea was being formulated in my mind and I just decided to roll with it. As I was strolling along, a jewellery store caught my eye and I went to look in the window. There it was, the object my mind had brought me here for! Quick question: Can you propose to a married woman? Course you can, came the answer -- you just have to wait till the divorce comes through before you can get married. I entered the store and asked the assistant to show me the ring I had seen in the window. When he brought it to me, I knew it was the one. I didn't know Dawn's ring size but estimated that her finger was about the same size as my little pinky -- the assistant assured me that it could be altered anyway. He took my order and told me the ring would be ready in a week.

On my way back to the car, I noticed a porn shop down one of the side aisles, set away in a discreet section. I decided to pay it a visit and purchased a few items with Dawn in mind; she was hopefully going to be my fiancée -- she was definitely my whore.

I left the shopping mall with mood swings. I was elated that I had decided to propose; I was nervous that she would say no. Was I moving too fast? She was just exiting one marriage -- would she readily jump into another? With an older man? I almost turned around to cancel the order but kept my nerve and got into the car and drove.

Once home, or my office as it is now, despite it being the middle of the afternoon and I had work to get on with, I got a beer from the fridge, sat down and put the telly on. When I had finished the beer, I went to the fridge got another three bottles and sat and drank and drank. Out of beer, I got the whisky bottle out and started on that, eventually falling asleep on the settee.

I was awoken by Dawn's voice, "Bob, what are you doing? You reek of booze -- are you celebrating something?"

I opened my eyes, slurred "Sorry" to her and made a grab for her.

She evaded my attempts to pull her close to me, saying, "I don't think you're in any state for that. Anyway, I've got to collect Shannon from school -- Madison's coming to stay the night -- it might be best if you sleep in here tonight."

Dawn left me and I fell back asleep on the settee, with some detective programme on the box. It was the middle of the night when I awoke and crawled into bed. It was lonely without Dawn; I was so used to having a sleeping partner again and missed her terribly. I considered getting up and going next door but she had said that I should sleep here and I didn't want to upset her, so I stayed put.

When I woke up in the morning, I was ravenous -- I hadn't had any dinner and my stomach was complaining like crazy. I decided to risk my chances next door and was pleased to find Dawn in a good mood; she did me a full fry up which sorted out my hunger pangs straight away. Now I was just hungry for her but that would have to wait until the girls had gone to school.

When Dawn left to take the girls to school I stripped and climbed into her bed, awaiting her return. I heard the front door open and shut and her voice calling out for me. When she came into the bedroom, she was surprised to find me in bed.

"Don't you have wok today?" she asked, her eyebrow raised.

"I'm gonna start late today," I responded, "I want my second course now."

"Oh, and what might that be?" she asked as she started to undo the zip to her dress and slide it off her shoulders.

"I wanna eat you out till you can't take anymore and then I want to eat you again," I stated, patting the bed next to me.

Dawn climbed on the bed in her underwear and sat next to me. I pulled her to me, kissing her and filling my hands with her breasts. I then turned her onto her front, pulling her knickers down and kissing her bum cheeks, before spreading her legs. Her pussy was inviting me in and I pressed my head forward, my tongue licking gently on her lips.

"Do it harder," she said, "it tickles too much when you do it lightly."

I pressed my tongue firmer against her pussy, enjoying the taste of her juices as they began to flow into my mouth. 

"Oh God, yes," she exclaimed, pushing herself harder against my face, "make me cum baby, make me cum."

I removed my tongue and stuck two fingers inside her pussy, moving my tongue to her arse. Her butt hole was soft and welcoming, I dripped some saliva onto her hole and began to lick it into her, trying to work my tongue into her.

She reached behind herself, pulling her butt cheeks apart, allowing my tongue to work its way into her.

"You are so dirty, baby -- yeah, give me that tongue," she implored.

Dawn's body was now rocking on the bed, her backside rising and falling to the tune of my fingers and tongue, as she played with her clit.

"Oh my God, oh my God," she said as her climax hit home. 

I returned my tongue to her pussy to savour her juices as she fell on the bed. I let her rest for about a minute before returning my tongue to her pussy and starting to lick again.

"Noooo," she cried, "too soon! Too soon!"

Ignoring her, I continued to lick at her pussy, pinning her to the bed with my arms. I was determined to give her another orgasm as soon as possible so I nibbled on her clit; she reacted as if an electric shock had passed through her body and I realised that she had just orgasmed again. Not satisfied, I continued to lick her tasty pussy, lapping up her juices and sucking on her clit. She was moaning incoherently as I continued to attack her pussy, her juices were flowing freely into my mouth and onto the bed, her body was limp as if she had no energy left. I decided now was the time to get my seed inside her and climbed on top of her, pushing my cock into her gaping pussy -- she didn't react at all and within a few pumps I was filling her with my cum.

After getting my breath back, I got off of Dawn, kissed her on the back and got dressed, returning to my flat to get some work done. When Dawn finally emerged and came to see me, she had a big smile on her face.

"That was absolutely fan-bloody-tastic," she said, "as long as you can keep our sex lives that good, I will never get fed up with you."

She went to the kitchen and made us both a coffee. I broke off from my work for a break and sat with her at the kitchen table, drinking my coffee and drinking in her fantastic body, which was mine to pleasure and to get pleasure from. My mind was pondering; would she? Wouldn't she? There was no way of knowing until I dropped on one knee -- I was terrified that it would be a no -- God knows she wasn't the be all and end all of my sex life but as I've said before, sex and love are two totally separate things and I was certain I was in love -- I just hoped she was too!

During our chat, Dawn revealed that she was taking Shannon for a sleep-over at Madison's that night and that she would be staying the next night as well, not returning until the Sunday. Happy days, I thought, as my mind considered two whole nights without a ten-year-old girl in the next room. Two nights without having to stifle the sounds of our sexual pleasure; two nights of no holds barred sex!

Dawn left me to finish my day's work as she went to pack a bag for Shannon. When I'd finished for the day and gone to Dawn's place, they had left already. I decided to put one of my plan's into action. I removed the light bulbs from the hall and living room lights and sat in the dark awaiting Dawn's return. I heard the front door open and close, the light switch was flicked and then I heard her curse.

"Bob, Bob, are you home?" she shouted.

I stayed quiet, hearing her approach the living room. She opened the living room door and tried the switch -- no luck!

"Damn," she said, "must be a power cut."

As she entered the room, I grabbed her from behind, pulled her hands behind her and snapped the cuffs on. I then put a blindfold over her eyes and dragged her into the bedroom, switching the light on as we entered the room.

"Bob," she said, "please let me know it's you -- please be you!"

I pushed her face down on the bed and removed her shoes. I then pulled down her tights and used them to gag her mouth, before dragging her panties down. I put my fingers to her pussy, she was wet -- my Dawnie was turned on by what was happening to her and she wasn't sure it was me! I decided not to speak; to keep the mystery going for as long as possible. I went back to my bag in the living room and got the spreader bar out, pulling her ankles in place and fixing her feet in place. I was already naked, waiting for my prey and I climbed on top of her, stroking her lips with my erect cock -- it wasn't my pre-cum wetting her, it was her juices wetting my cock! God, she was loving this! I pushed into her, feeling her body try to repel me in one instant and then opening up voluntarily the next. She was trying to say something but the gag was preventing her making herself heard. I decided to take her like an intruder would; rough, fast and without any consideration for her. Initially there was no response, but gradually she started to move her butt underneath me, encouraging my cock to take her wanton pussy. I drove into her harder, faster while my hands pinned her body to the sheet. Her pussy was more than wet -- it was soaking -- I could feel juices splashing out onto my groin as I thrust in. When I was about to come, I pulled my cock out, spread her arse cheeks and dumped my load on her butt and anus. This was my next target!

I left her cuffed on the bed, went to the kitchen and got myself a beer, sitting down on the settee and turning on the tv. It was late enough, so I switched to the adult channels and had some live bondage sex on the screen -- turning up the volume so that Dawn could hear it in the bedroom. The girls on screen were begging for mercy as their pussies and arses were pounded by numerous cocks -- I was hoping this would turn Dawn on even more -- not that she needed it but I wanted to make this the best night ever for her.

When I felt like Junior was ready for action again, I returned to the bedroom. Approaching the bed, I could see Dawn squirming, she was pulling her hands but there was no way she was getting out of the cuffs. I brought my hand down hard on her bum, once, twice, three times till she stopped moving. I then climbed back on top of her and presented the tip of my cock to her anus -- she moaned, despite the gag -- and I started to push it in. It was tougher going than previously as I hadn't licked or fingered her but I wanted to give her the impression that I was just someone using her -- no emotions -- she was mine to use and abuse! I inched in gradually, my cock forcing its way into her dark channel; I could see she was straining against her bindings but it was to no avail -- she was mine and I would take my pleasure from her arse. She went limp as I pushed the last part of me in; momentarily I worried that I had taken this too far but then her butt rose from the bed inviting my cock to plunder it -- no second invitation needed! I started to pump into her, deciding to remove the gag so that I could hear what she had to say.

"Bob, tell me it's you -- I don't want this to be anyone else, tell me it's you."

I was in a quandary; she wanted to know it was me but I was sure a lot of her excitement derived from not knowing who it was -- I decided to remain quiet and just continued to feed her arse with my cock -- God, this was turning me on as much as her and I knew it was me! My problem was I could no longer control Junior -- he was over-excited and poured his load into her arse before I realised what was happening. I climbed off of Dawn and placed my cock at her mouth, forcing her lips open with my hand and pushing in -- hoping like hell that deep down she knew it was me and wouldn't bite! Fortunately, she sucked on my cock, licking mine and her juices off.

"So hot," she said, when she had finished cleaning me up, "can you undo me now -- my arms are beginning to ache."

I undid the cuffs and the spreader before finally removing the blindfold.

"Thank God, it was you," she said, puling me to her, "although I'll be honest with you -- at the end I didn't give a damn who it was -- I just wanted you to take me."

After a quick snog, I got us both a glass of water -- thirsty work -- sex! Dawn suggested we go to the living room and watch some porn together -- this woman has all the right ideas! We sat on the settee, both naked, with Dawn stroking my cock as we watched a hot redhead getting her arse pounded in a car park before the guy blew his load all over her face and in her mouth. Dawn groaned as he came and moved her head down to my cock, sucking me into her hungry mouth while still stroking. I grabbed her head and helped her move up and down on my cock before filling her mouth with my seed.

"Don't take this the wrong way," I said, "but life is so much better when Shannon isn't around."

"Don't say that Bob. That's my little girl you're talking about. We still get plenty of sex when she's here; we just have to be a bit wary of noise levels."

"I know, I'm sorry," I said, "we wouldn't have been able to do this though."

"There will be more sleep-overs -- although we do have to reciprocate so that Mandy can get some action," she responded.

"What would be great would be if we could get a child-minder for the girls so that you, me and Mandy could have a holiday reunion," I said.

"That does sound like fun," said Dawn, "but reliable child minders are difficult to find, believe me."

"Leave it with me," I said, "I have a couple of ideas."

With that, we turned off the tv and made our way to Dawn's dishevelled bed for a good night's sleep.

The next morning, I got Dawn tea in bed. Once we had both finished our teas, I went under the covers to kiss her good morning down under. She grabbed hold of my cock and began stroking it as I licked her pussy until she couldn't take any more. I then swung round and pressed Junior home; he slid in her wet pussy easily and I began to pump her, sucking on her nipples and bringing them out to play. She pushed against me and I rolled onto my back; Dawn wanted to go for a ride! I watched as she raised and lowered herself on my pole, enjoying the sensation of her love tunnel sliding up and down me. At times, when she'd bottomed out, she would just rock on my cock -- moving it around inside her; then she would start riding again, picking up speed as she went like she was trying to win the Grand National! Junior gave up resistance and fired a stream of cum into her hungry pussy; she kept on riding until he began to wilt and then lifted off, with cum leaking from her pussy onto my stomach.

"So, what do you want to do today?" asked Dawn.

"In truth, I'd like to stay in bed and fuck you every way I can think of," I responded.

"Sounds good to me," said Dawn, "can I see your toys?"

I pointed to the bag on the floor from the sex shop and Dawn, in all her glorious nudity, got out of bed and went over to it. She bent down, giving me a great view of her arse, as she examined the contents of the bag.

She pulled out a restraint I hadn't got around to using last night; it was an "all-tied up" restraint that kept your arms and legs permanently apart, with straps that could go around or under the bed.

"Interesting," said Dawn, as she approached me and quickly fastened the ankle cuffs around one ankle, before running the strap under the bed, and fastening the other ankle. 

I had intended this for use on her, but I was happy to see where this led. She did the same with the hand restraints and when she was finished, I tested their effectiveness. Whilst I could move my arms and legs a little, they were held apart, leaving me open to her wishes.

"Now," she said, "let's just put this on; we don't want you seeing what's coming next," at which she covered my eyes with the blindfold.

I was now at her mercy, unable to see where she was or what she was doing. I listened for movement and then felt the side of the bed move as Dawn climbed on; her hands were lightly touching my upper thighs and she gently stroked them, getting closer and closer to my erect prick. Junior twitched in anticipation of what was to come, only for Dawn to switch her attention to my chest.

"Now, now, Junior," she said, "everything comes to he who waits."

Her lips brushed mine and I tried to stick my tongue in her mouth, but she was gone. This was torture! I desperately wanted to grab her and shag her but I could barely move. As she moved some more, I could tell she was moving astride my body. I felt her sit down on my chest and she gently rubbed her mound against me; she was moaning lightly as her pussy scratched against my body -- I could smell her sex and wanted to dive my head in between her legs and get a taste of her but I could barely move. She started to edge her thighs down my body, her pussy getting closer and closer to Junior, when my phone pinged.
