 It was the day of the reading of Aunt Marjorie's will. When I arrived at the solicitor's office I was shown through to the office of Nigel Pevensey who, I was informed, was the executor. I was shocked to see my ex, Naomi, sitting there with her new fella. She nodded to me and I nodded back, thinking "What the hell is she doing here?"

Apparently, it was just the three of us; Aunt Marjorie and her husband had been childless and although she had some surviving relatives on his side of the family, she had never got on with them. The solicitor, Mr Pevensey, began the reading of the will. When he got to the distribution of the estate my ears pricked up.

"The whole of my estate is left jointly to my nephew Robert Small and his wife Naomi Small subject to them still being married." At this point Mr Pevensey looked up from the will and looked across at us, "Would I be right in assuming that the proviso is no longer the case and that Mr and Mrs Small are no longer together?"

"Yes, that is correct," I asserted.

"Well then, let's read on," he said, "In the event that the marriage is no longer extant, the whole of my estate is bequeathed to my nephew Robert Small solely. I'm sorry for wasting your time Mrs Small..."

"It's Mrs Forshaw now," she interjected, followed by, "I can't believe your infidelity has cost me a share of.... how much is the estate exactly?"

"I'm sorry Mrs Forshaw but as you are no longer an heir to the estate, I'm afraid I can't divulge that information to you. Could I please ask you and your husband to leave the room whilst I advise Mr Small of his inheritance?"

Naomi got up with her husband; she was spitting feathers as she left the room. Once the door was closed, Mr Pevensey continued.

"So, Mr Small, as the sole beneficiary of the late Mrs Montague's will, it is my duty to inform you that the estate runs to £683,792 plus any accrued interest together with her property in Barcelona. You will, of course, need to pay the Capital Transfer Tax on your inheritance, but this can be paid out of the funds. Please provide me with your bank account details so that I can transfer the funds."

I sat there gobsmacked; motionless; I couldn't speak -- what had just happened? -- I had just gone from someone almost on the breadline to someone with wealth! Not to mention a holiday home in Spain!

Needless to say, I provided my bank details to Mr Pevensey and went home, via the off-licence, to toast my late Aunt Marjorie.

I got absolutely plastered that night. In fact, I fell asleep on the settee with the tele still on and was woken in the morning by the weather and traffic reports.

I so desperately wanted to tell Dawn of my good fortune and considered texting her but my attention was taken by a row from next door. There were raised voices followed by a scream and a slamming door. Moments later, there was a ring on my doorbell. I opened the door and was met by a fist connecting with my nose; I fell backwards and hit the floor hard. As I was about to get up, Dawn was upon me.

"Sorry, Bob," she said, "that old witch next door told him about us. He's got a bloody nerve though; during our row it came out that he's been screwing my sister, the cow, since I was six months pregnant and every time he's away on business he's screwing her! Why the hell he thinks he can screw my sister and I can't see you is beyond me! Oh God, you're bleeding -- let me clean that up for you."

Dawn accompanied me into the kitchen and wet a cloth under the tap before tending to my bleeding nose. It was at this point that I noticed Shannon standing in the doorway.

"Dawn," I said, "your daughter's over there."

Dawn looked up at Shannon and beckoned her in, telling her to sit in the living room and to watch something on the telly, before returning her attention to me.

"What a bloody mess," she said, "I'm sorry Bob, if I hadn't come on to you in the first place none of this would have happened."

I pulled her to me and kissed her. "Hush," I said, "you are the best thing that's happened to me in years and a bleeding nose is a small price to pay. What's happening? Has he moved out or are you going to try to make a go of it?"

"I wouldn't have him back now! Not after all those years of deceit! He couldn't get it up for me cos he'd worn it out shagging my sister! Why would I want him back?" she responded.

I stood and gave her a hug. "I'm glad the buffoon stopped paying attention to you. What about Shannon? Does she know everything?" I enquired.

"She overheard the row, so she must know what's been going on," said Dawn.

We went into the living room hand in hand to see how Shannon was. She was on the settee, her eyes looking red and watery -- I could understand; her parent's marriage had just fallen apart in front of her eyes. I felt for the poor kid and had a twinge of guilt for my part in the proceedings. Having said that, the marriage was doomed from the moment Dan began the affair with Dawn's sister, so I allowed that thought to ease my conscience. Dawn sat next to Shannon and put her arm around her, trying to assure her that everything would be alright. After what seemed like an eternity, but was only probably ten minutes or so, Dawn got up with Shannon and they left for their flat; Dawn saying that she would message me later.

I went to the bathroom to look at my face; I had a little bit of swelling but nothing that wouldn't clear up naturally. I went back to the living room and sat, pondering the events of the last couple of days. I had inherited a tidy sum and a property from my late Aunt and now been on the receiving end of a jealous husband's fist; overall, not a bad trade-off.

I decided that I would take a trip to the Spanish villa to look around the place and to reach a decision as to whether I wanted to keep it or sell it. Realising that it was almost the end of the school term, I wondered whether Dawn would care to join me and bring Shannon along; a Spanish break might help to cheer her up!

I heard my phone and went to the kitchen, where I had left it on charge. It was a message in a new WhatsApp group named "Three way shag". Ashley had set up the group and I was invited to join; obviously I accepted and read the opening message and a response from Taylor. It appeared that the coming Saturday was a date on which they were both available and they needed to know if I could make it. I checked my diary; nothing happening, so I messaged that Junior and I were both available. There was an almost instant response from Taylor, suggesting that we go for a stroll along the notorious "lovers' lane", just off the park where, not only did lovers go to make out but was notorious for peeping tom's and dogging. In for a penny, in for a pound, I thought and agreed to her suggestion -- now all we needed was to fix a time. It was agreed between the three of us that we would meet at the netball court at five p.m. and take it from there.

Shortly after, I received a text from Dawn asking if I was okay. I responded that I was fine and messaged that we needed to meet to talk about things. There was a twenty-minute gap before she responded, saying "Okay."

I decided to shower to freshen myself up and clean any residual blood from me. Once clean and dry, I dressed and knocked at Dawn's, anxious to tell her of my good fortune and to run the Spanish holiday idea past her. She answered the door and, in no uncertain terms, told me now was not a good time as Shannon was still crying. I returned to my flat; what to do? Realistically I should be working but my mind was on anything but! I had an appointment free day and had originally been intending to get on with some paperwork in "my office"; sod that, I thought -- it can wait a day or two!

I opted for a walk in the park with a pint at the end as my reward for the exercise. Being a weekday, the park was relatively quiet; a few pensioners walking their dogs, a few girls who I assessed as "jail bait" with make-up to make them look older than their years and a mother and grown-up daughter walking arm-in-arm in front of me. This couple grabbed my attention; both wearing dresses that finished at mid-thigh with killer legs. I deliberately slowed my pace to avoid overtaking them; I was in no rush to reach my destination and the whole point of taking a walk in the park is to admire the scenery, surely? When the older woman turned to speak to her companion it dawned on me that this was the same couple I had seen in the cinema!

As before, I followed those legs to their destination which turned out to be the same as mine. Rosie was behind the bar looking resplendent in a black mini-dress with white polka dots and a split up the side, revealing most of her thigh. It was buttoned up down the front and as I stood there waiting to be served, I imagined undoing those buttons to get at her curves. The two women were also at the bar waiting to be served and, feeling in a generous mood following my inheritance and as a thank you gesture for their performance in the cinema, I offered to buy them a drink. They clearly remembered me and, smiling, accepted my offer. They obviously decided I owed them a good drink as they both had double gin and tonics; I ordered a pint of best and asked if I could join them, to which they agreed.

Sitting at a discreet table, we exchanged names and some banal pleasantries before I built up the nerve to broach the subject on my mind.

"So, ladies," I started, "do I take it you two are an item? And, if so, if you don't mind me asking, are you lesbians or bi-sexual?"

They looked at each other and laughed.

"Well, you don't beat about the bush, do you?" Jean, the older woman said, "To answer your questions, we live together so, yes we are an item. As for the second one, I made a conscious decision years ago that no man would ever get into my knickers again but Tabby here is too young to have taken that decision yet. Let's just say, she's still making up her mind."

I looked at Tabby; a name I'd always associated with cats. Well, here was one pussy I would certainly like to stroke! She smiled at me and placed a hand on my knee, gently stroking my lower thigh. Junior sprang to life and started to swell in my boxers, causing a noticeable bulge to appear in my groin. Looking at the lump in my trousers, Tabby placed one of the fingers of her free hand in her gin and then brought it up to her mouth, sucking on it as she savoured the taste. Junior was knocking at my zip, pleading to get free so that he could take the place of her finger. Tabby took hold of my right hand and placed it on her bare thigh, her eyes burning into mine as she slowly inched my hand up under her dress until I reached the burning furnace that was her pussy; hot, damp and full of wanton promise. I did my best to explore her sex, confined as I was by the angle of my hand's approach. All the time, Jean was just watching the two of us at play, smiling at the events unfolding before her. I had hardly touched my pint but the two gins were nearly finished.

"Can I get you another?" I offered.

"No thanks," said Jean, "You've warmed her up nicely for me. I think I'll take her home and enjoy the fruits of your labours." With that, the two of them downed what remained of their drinks and got up and left, leaving me and Junior somewhat deflated.

I returned to the bar, standing by the bar flap, to try to intercept Rosie if she left the bar to collect empties. Sure enough, after about ten minutes, I was rewarded as she lifted the flap to leave the bar area. I encircled her waist with my arm and pulled her towards me.

"You are looking devilishly stunning today," I stated.

Rosie just looked into my eyes as I slid a hand into the slit in her dress and was rewarded with a handful of bum cheek; she either was commando or, perhaps, wearing a thong.

"I thought our deal was, you only got to feel my curves if I get to see your package," she stated, making no attempt to move my hand.

"That can be arranged," I offered, "When do you get a break?"

"In about quarter of an hour," she replied, checking her watch. "I suppose I could take you to the cellar to help me change a barrel."

Rosie's eyes were drawn to the door from where a thick Irish accent said, "Rosie, is that man bothering you?"

I turned my head to see a six feet six brick shit-house of a man blocking out the light; there was a set of hands that I wouldn't want to be on the receiving end of a punch from! Fortunately, from where he was standing, he couldn't see my hand on Rosie's arse, which I hastily removed.

"No, Jack love," said Rosie, "I slipped on the wet floor and this kind man caught me to stop me from falling."

The giant of a man walked over, holding out his hand. "I'd like to thank you sir and apologise for my earlier comment. Precious cargo, my Rosie -- let me buy you a pint. Same again for your knight, Rosie love and the usual for me."

I accepted the pint from Jack and we exchanged some small talk, which was a struggle, as we had little in common. Shortly, Rosie was on her break and her and Jack disappeared downstairs "to change a barrel"; Rosie casting a wistful look over her shoulder at me as she followed Jack through the door and down the stairs. I sat at a table thinking about what might have been, sipping at my pint.

Having finished my drink, I decided to return to the flat; maybe watch some porn or some sport depending on my mood when I got there. The walk back through the park was very similar to my journey to the pub; pensioners, dogs, the odd cyclist but no lovely legs to follow!

As I got to my landing, I considered knocking on Dawn's door but decided to leave her and Shannon in peace for a while; she would contact me when things were better. Entering my flat, I turned on the telly and lounged on the settee, trying to find something to watch but struggling to focus; my mind was everywhere with the events of the last couple of days.

My phone pinged and I reached for it, hoping it was from Dawn. It was a message from the solicitor's, confirming the funds had been transferred to my account. I hurriedly logged on to my online banking to see my account brimming with money. I opened the best easy access savings account that I could and transferred the bulk of the money into it, leaving a couple of thousand on my current account for immediate access.

Suddenly having all that instant cash made me a little spend crazy and I was soon on the internet re-vamping my wardrobe with some nice, new clothes -- I had to rein myself in a bit after a while and cancelled a few items as I realised I was just buying for the sake of it. Still, when I reviewed what I still had left I was happy with my purchases and paid for express delivery.

Still with hours to kill and in no mood to do any work, I got myself a beer from the fridge and channel-hopped until I found a football game to watch; the commentary was in some foreign language, but I didn't care -- it was football, who gives a damn about the commentary!

Several beers later, I fell asleep on the settee, woken in the morning to the news and weather and a feeling of déjà vu.

There was a knock on the door, which I answered rather tentatively, stepping back as the door swung open in case Dan was back for seconds. I was pleased to see it was Dawn; she was looking rather tired and had red eyes as if she had been crying a lot.

"Hey," I said, "come in. Let me get you a coffee."

She followed me through to the kitchen and sat at the table while I busied myself with the percolator.

"This is how it all started," she said, "Is this how it's going to end too?"

"What?" I said, in an unintentionally raised voice, "Have you come to tell me you're not gonna see me anymore?"

"I thought, when you messaged me that we need to talk, that you were going to end it," she said, looking at me through watery eyes.

"No," I stated, "absolutely not. You may not want to hear this now, and stop me if you don't, but when I blurted out the other night that I love you, I think it actually is true. I've fallen for you in a big way ....... How do you feel?"

Dawn looked at me with an astonished look on her face.

"I thought we were just having a bit of fun; you have all those other girls and they are all so much younger than me. I am fond of you Bob, but I haven't allowed myself to think in that way. Until yesterday, I was still in a marriage; you were my bit on the side to make up for my neglectful husband. I can't get my head around this."

I placed a coffee in front of her and sat down with mine. I reached my hand across the table and she took it hesitantly. For several minutes we sat in silence, holding hands and sipping our coffees, each digesting what the other had said. Eventually I decided to break the silence.

"Look," I said, "I've had some good news and I want to run something past you."

She looked up at me, waiting for what was coming.

"Remember my late Aunt's will reading?" I asked. Dawn nodded. "I've come into some money but also, she has left me her villa on the outskirts of Barcelona. I want to go and check the place out and with the school holidays coming up, I wondered if you and Shannon would like to join me out there for a week or so? I will pay the fares and there's no accommodation costs, so it's a free holiday!"

Dawn looked gobsmacked. She had clearly called around expecting me to end the relationship and here I was inviting her on a holiday.

Eventually Dawn smiled at me and grasped my hand tighter, "I'd love to Bob, but I need to check it out with Shannon first. You must appreciate that she is my top priority at the moment. I need to make this transition for her as painless as possible."

I placed my other hand on top of hers, "That's fine Dawn. I really hope you can come but I'll understand if you can't. Please tell me as soon as you know, so that I can book the tickets."

Dawn finished her coffee and left. I placed the cups in the dishwasher and decided to try to get my life back to normal -- that started with doing some work. I'd lost track of what I was supposed to be doing or if I had any meetings planned. On checking my diary, I realised that I should be at Gerry's in twenty minutes. There was no way I was going to make that but if I got my skates on I wouldn't be too late.

I had hardly got through the door of Gerry's place when I was set upon by a pair of arms thrust around my neck and a kiss on the cheek.

"That's to thank you for your help," said Niamh, "I passed with a distinction and one of the main questions was the part that you helped me with. I couldn't have done it without you, so thanks again."

She went to kiss my cheek again, but I swiftly turned my head so that her lips were met by mine. She tasted of fresh raspberries and I lingered to savour the taste of her sweet young lips. She blushed but didn't pull away in a hurry, slowly breaking our kiss to say, "I want to take you out for a thank you drink, if that's okay with you."

I thought about what I'd said to Dawn earlier about being in love with her. It has always been my opinion that love and lust are two totally unrelated things and that you can love someone while still having sex with someone else -- not that Niamh was offering sex, well, not that I was aware of but I could live in hope. In any event, Dawn hadn't told me how she felt yet; if anything she'd been quite dismissive of my feelings so I wasn't gonna miss out on an evening with Niamh when I didn't know where I stood with Dawn.

"That sounds great," I said, perhaps over enthusiastically, "Just let me know when you've got in mind, so I can check whether I'm free."

"I'm free tonight," she said, "I know it's short notice and I fully understand if.."

Before she could finish, I put a finger to her lips. "I know I'm free tonight," I said, "but as I've come into some money, let me pay."
