 Eventually, we settled with Jacque's, and returned to the condo. It was about ten o'clock. If I read Jerry correctly, he was interested in some sexual time with Carrie; however, that wasn't going to happen with Emma around.

Carrie changed all that in a minute. She came up to me. "Jim ... Honey ... I need you to do something really special for me – for us – especially for my younger sister Em."

"Yummmm." I wondered where she was going; this was unusual, and if I read the tone of her voice correctly, her request involved something sexual.

"I want you to make love to Emma. She's a virgin the same way I was. She likes you – a lot, and would like to ... well, she'd like you to be her first lover, even though you're my fiancé, and I know you just met today. I think that'd be so special, so I'm hoping you'll really do it. I can be with Jerry, but also be close by. Would you ..."

"I interrupted, "Carrie! Sleeping with your sister is not something I imagined I'd have to do to win her favorable report. Is this really something you want me to do or is this some pressure that you don't understand from your sister?"

"I want this to happen." Carrie kissed me passionately. She explained, "I love my little sister. Until we grew apart because of being apart for university and other responsibilities, we were so close. I look at this as bringing us back together again with you being a special bridge between us. I do have a sort of kinky request, however."

"What's that?"

"I want to watch – to be in the same room as the two of you, maybe even beside her when you ... what'd you call it, take her cherry. Would that be too much to ask?"

"I'd like that, and if you're there it would be comforting to both of us. I want to be sure you're one hundred percent on this. I don't want to find I lose you because I fucked my future sister-in-law."

Carrie chuckled, "More than that, maybe you'll get to keep fucking her into the future. I know how that kinky little fantasy just might really appeal to your inner man-slut."

"It does. What will you do?"

Carrie smiled and then moved to Jerry who'd just returned to the living room; she planted a kiss on him that melted his shoe leather. As he returned the kiss, he ran his hands up her sides and under her designer top, obviously feeling her breasts.

Emma watched the pair with fascination, as though she'd never seen anything equivalent.

I said, "Never saw your sister making out with someone?"

"Never."

"Come here, Emma or can I call you Em like Carrie does?"

"Em, yes; call me either." She flowed into my arms, and I tilted her head up to me and kissed her. I thought, this is the second princess I've kissed in the past two months ... and soon it would be the second princess I'd initiated into the sexual part of her life, and the second princess I'd made love to.

Beside us, Jerry slowly pulled up Carrie's top, tossing it onto the back of the sofa. Her bra followed in seconds, leaving her sexy breasts open for him to feast on. Jerry was a breast man. He lunged forward and kissed Carrie, and then slid down her body until his mouth could totally engulf a breast, even including her large areola.

Emma shuddered next to me. I slowly ran my hand up he side, and then forward until I gently cupped her right breast in my hand. I massaged slowly, feeling the nipple harden under my palm.

Emma looked over her shoulder at me. I leaned in and kissed her neck, turning her slightly so we made better contact.

Em whispered, "I really like you. You and Carrie will be so good together."

I kissed her again. 

Em said, "It doesn't bother you that Carrie is hooking up with Jerry?"

"No. I like that it makes her happy occasionally. He's not trying to steal her away, and I believe her when she tells me that I'm her only lover. He may make love to her, but she'll be mine in the long run."

"Oh, God, that is so sexy. You let her fuck someone else."

"I get off on it, actually. I like watching the two of them when they're together. It's impressive. I get a little jealous, and it makes me especially attentive to her afterwards. She tells me she reacts the same when I'm with Marjorie, even though we're a threesome."

"Does Marjorie fuck Jerry?"

"She does. She introduced him to us."

"I like him too, but right now I really want my brother-in-law-to-be to do me in every way he can. Just so you know, Carrie and I talked about it this afternoon and again at the restaurant. She said you are such a perfect lover, and are so attentive and imaginative about how to make her cum."

I slid my hands under her top and lifted. Emma put her hands up, and the top disappeared. Her bra followed an instant later. 

I sucked in Em's left breast, enjoying the swell and how I could feel her breathing change to a different gear. She whispered, "My nipples are very sensitive. I can have an orgasm from you doing that ... but I'm still a virgin. Thank you for being willing to stretch your boundaries and do me."

"Oh, it'll be my pleasure. You are so pretty and sweet."

As we talked I'd unbuttoned and unzipped her designer slacks, and pushed them down her legs. Emma stepped out of them. I then toyed with the lacy knickers, until I pushed those too down her legs and helped her step out of them.

"You're beautiful," I whispered as I moved to kiss her.

"My breasts are small," she opined.

I sucked a tit into my mouth, and while I held the suction, I flicked her nipple with my tongue. Emma went wild, and ground her bare pussy into my leg.

Finally, Emma said, "Will you lose your clothes? I want to please you too."

I was nude in seconds, but way behind Carrie and Jerry. The two of them were beside us on my long sofa, each with their hands busy with the other's sexual parts. They were kissing up a storm, and I could often see their tongues interacting.

Emma inhaled my cock as I turned back to her. Between sucks, she said, "I think I'm pretty good at this. I've held off having intercourse, but I know how to suck cock."

"And talk dirty too. I like that."

I dropped a hand to her crotch, and started to slide my fingers through her slit, and then to sink a couple into her sweet body.

I said, "Sixty-nine with me. I want to eat you."

Only seconds later, we were stretched out on my deep pile carpet with my mouth eating the Class A-1 princess pussy, and her mouth devouring my cock, with a talented display of tongue work on both our parts.

I whispered, "I want to make you cum."

"God, I'm almost there."

I thrust two fingers into her cunt as I nibbled on her clit. I used the fingers to search for and then massage her G-spot.

Emma erupted in a fireworks display of joy when her climax hit. A long moan floated around the room.

Next to us on the sofa, Carrie lay back with legs spread as Jerry tenderly moved between them and slowly sank his steely manhood deep inside her. Their moans also filled the dimly lit room.

I couldn't wait any longer. I turned Emma around, ate her pussy for a few seconds leaving a copious amount of lubrication there, and then I took aim with my granite-like shaft, and duplicated Jerry's move by sinking deep into Em. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Carrie watching us – watching the deflowering of her sister.

Emma and I were fully engaged in each other at that point. I kept going deeper and faster into her, even hitting our pubes together harder as we made love and she murmured 'harder' to me. I tried to give her what she wanted, and beyond. I wanted this to be a fabulous experience for her.

I romanced her. As our bodies thrust together with passion and lust, I whispered words of affection and love to her. I told her how beautiful she was, and how I was so glad we'd be seeing each other for all the years to come. I stroked every part of her body that I could reach, kissing each part as well yet keeping us together where it counted – my cock buried deep in her cunt.

I used my finger to massage her clit, watching Emma's response to the intensity of my touch, and then the kind of motion that turned her on the most. About the time I had that figured, Emma's body stiffened. 

Em gasped, "Oh, God, you're making me cum. The first time I'm making love, and you're actually giving me an orgasm with your dick inside me. Oh, this is so wonderful."

Our brand of wonderful crested. Em's entire vagina started to spasm around my cock, and that was all it took. I came in buckets, filling Emma's tight cavity with my seed. I then collapsed on top of her briefly, and rolled us partly to our side so that I didn't crush her. Em's passion continued as she kissed me with great ardor.

On the sofa, I glanced up just as Carrie came and Jerry fired his load into her cunt. The two of them were also engaged in a passionate encounter.

Emma and I lay there stroking each other for at least ten minutes. Our breathing slowly returned to normal.

Eventually, Carrie and Jerry got up and went to the bathroom. When they got back, Jerry briefly bid us goodbye, slipped his clothes on and left.

Carrie lay down behind her nude sister, and spooned in behind her. I reached across and stroked her sweet body. I asked, "You have fun?"

"Yes, he's nice, but I love you." She leaned across her sister and gave me a hot kiss.

She then turned her sister towards her and added, "And I love you too." She gave Emma a remarkable kiss, the likes of which I'd only ever seen her share with Marjorie. 

I suggested, "We should maybe go to bed?"

Carrie said, "Yes, the three of us in bed together, right now, and then I want to try something." She stood, and then pulled her sister upright, and led her to our bed.

In the bedroom, Carrie pushed Emma back on the bed. She then separated her legs, and as Emma watched in fascination and lust, Carrie buried her head between her sister's legs and started to lap and suck my cum from inside her. Emma's whole body shuddered, and she muttered, "Oh, fuck. I can't believe my sister is eating her fiancé's cum from my pussy."

Carrie whispered, "Later, you can eat his cum from my pussy, and if you're very good we'll let you do it with Marjorie too."

