 I am 30 year old married man living in Mumbai, India and a couple of weeks ago my wife was away on vacation in Baroda where she had gone to see her parents. I was busy with my work and initially never missed her, but after a few weeks I began to get quite frustrated sitting at home alone every evening. 

Now we have a maid servant called Shobha who is an elderly lady in her 60s, she would come everyday to cook and wash up for me while my wife was away. One evening when I got back from work the doorbell rang, thinking it was Shobha I opened the door. I got a pleasant surprise when I saw two young voluptuous girls instead. They explained that they were Shobha's daughters and had come to do the work since their mother was ill and in hospital. I let them in and asked them to continue their work while I went inside the bedroom and continued to read the newspaper. The elder daughter must have been about 21 and the younger about 19. While the elder one (Nisha) did the cooking, the younger one (Puja) did the sweeping. Pretending to be engrossed in my newspaper I watched them about their work. 

Puja was dressed in a tight salwar kameez that showed off her young but exquisite form. She was slim, short but with an amazing ass and firm breasts that heaved as she bent down to sweep. The position she assumed on her haunches was driving me crazy. Something told me this was not my imagination and she knew I was watching and getting horny. She had a very attractive face too, with thick, lips that would keep forming a slight seductive smirk, when our eyes met. She came nearer to the bed and continued sweeping, deliberately offering me a view of her fabulous upright breasts. In an attempt to push these thoughts aside I got up to get myself a glass of water from the kitchen.

To my luck the elder sister Nisha was cooking in the kitchen. Though not as attractive as her sister, Nisha had amazing breasts that were even more enhanced because she was wearing a saree and blouse. The blouse itself was really tight and because the kitchen was rather warm she was sweating. It made her look like an erotic goddess, the damp sweat patch on her blouse and armpits, the long thick dark hair till her waist. Seeing me drinking a glass of water, she asked me for some as well. All the time smiling at me very seductively just like her coquettish sister. I gave her a glass of water and watched as she gulped it down thirstily. It was even hornier to watch Nisha as rivulets of water ran down her throat to her blouse, wetting the front. She seemed to be doing this a little more on purpose to me. So much so that when she finished I could see her nipples stiffen under the flimsy cloth of her saree blouse. 

Being a maidservant she never wore a bra and that was driving me nuts. I decided to push my luck a little and test her by asking if she wanted any more. She replied softly that she was no longer thirsty, so I smiled and moved closer to her 'What are you thirsty for then?' She turned red and pretended to do some work as I moved behind her now. She didn't look at me but I saw a faint smile at the corner of her mouth that gave me encouragement. Moving against her such that my body trapped her against the kitchen counter I ran one hand across her right breast, encircling her nipple. 'Is this what you thirst for I whispered in her ear. I could feel her body stiffen as she stopped doing her work and gripped the counter for support. A soft, low moan escaped from her lips betraying all efforts of modesty. Yet she seemed to put up a front as if playing a game that was getting me very horny. This woman knew what she was doing to me as she could feel my now erect penis press against her from behind. Encouraged, I now moved my hands up to her heaving breasts and cupped them. I couldn't contain the luscious pair of tits; they simply spilled out of my hands as I kneaded them slowly.

Slowly she gave in to my efforts, moaning quietly as she ran her tongue across her upper lips and whispered in a horny, throaty voice "Aap kya kar rahe ho, saab?"(What are you doing sir). I held her tight against me slowly opening her blouse now as I replied 'Tumhari pyaas bhuja rahi hoon' (I am satiating your thirst). By now I had her blouse open completely and her breasts sprung open in relief, the nipples hard and full with anticipation. I now turned her round to face me, removing the upper part of the sari so that she was almost bare bodied. For a minute I just stared at her breasts, they were so beautiful. I had not see anything like it ever, the nipples were light brown and erect, the breasts hung slightly. Yet they were firm and large and full, aching to be explored. I lowered my head slowly to tease them with my tongue, circling them slowly, flicking across the nipple with the tip of my tongue. 

She was now lost in the throes of passion, as she threw her head back, her long hair which was pinned up now falling loosely to her waist. Moving up again as I held her body tight, I ran my tongue along her throat, ending at her ear lobe, which I took in my mouth and sucked slowly, sending goose bumps down her arms. Suddenly she stiffened and held me away 'Meri behen dekhegi tho? (What if my sister sees us)? I was too far-gone to think of it so I reassured her that she was busy inside sweeping the rooms. By this time I had removed her sari and blouse completely and was tugging at her petticoat strings to free her of her last obstacle.

Nisha was now moving in rhythm with me as I ground my cock into her body. She answered each movement by pushing back against me, her hands moving back to my ass cheeks, squeezing them and grabbing them hungrily. I removed my T-shirt in one swift movement to allow her to continue. She ran her hands all over my body, pinching my nipples gently as she bit the flesh on my shoulder and neck, licking my body hungrily. Cupping her face in my hands I slid my tongue in her mouth, it was so hot as I rolled my tongue inside, sucking her tongue in. 

She responded like a true pro, sucking on my lower lip, exploring my mouth as well, all the time running her hands across my body and nipples. Then in one swift movement she slid her thumbs into the waistband of my shorts and slid them off till they landed in a heap at my feet. I let my hand travel down to her mound, slipping inside her simple cotton panties. I removed them roughly and was happy to find them sopping wet with her juices. With a slow smile I held them up to my mouth and sucked on them, tasting her juices for the first time. It was pure heaven, despite her being a maidservant she kept herself very well, the panties smelling faintly of talcum powder. She seemed quite shocked to see me do that and now moved her hands to my crotch where she began fondling my cock. 

She had obviously little or no experience with cocks as she stared at my penis fascinated. I smiled and let her play with it for a while 'Ever seen anything like it?' 'No' she replied blushing. I could tell that she was a willing learner so I kept encouraging her, getting her on her knees to take my cock in her mouth. We were both totally naked by now, two insane, out of control people living out their fantasy without any care. She sank to her knees and brought her face close to my cock, all the time running her hand up and down the length. I could tell she was transfixed and very horny for it, but she was not entirely sure what to do. I took my erect eight-inch cock in one hand and held her head from behind with the other. 

Slowly I initiated her, explaining all the while what she should do to give me a blowjob. She nodded hungrily as she put her tongue out. I ran my cock against the tip of her tongue, pulling back the skin as I did. Nisha pushed her gorgeous black hair back as her hands went behind my ass cheeks, drawing me nearer to her mouth. With slow but deft flicks she ran her tongue across the tip of my cock, licking up the pre cum that had collected. This woman was a natural I thought as I held my cock up, giving her full access to my balls. She took one ball gently in her mouth and sucked slowly as I moaned almost shooting my load then and there. Then kissing the shaft she made her way up to the tip again and slowly took my cock in her mouth. Inch by inch it disappeared till I could feel it touch the back of her throat, then pulling back slowly she began the slow and agonizing strokes again. All the time playing with my balls as she increased the tempo. 

I was really hard by now and almost ready to burst. I grabbed her hair urgently to slow her down and she responded by applying pressure just below my scrotum so that I didn't cum yet. Then with maddening lust she began to suck hard on my cock, lathering it with her saliva as she went up and down like a crazed woman. I rested my elbows on the counter as I thrust my torso out for her to do what she wanted. In between the sucking she was moaning softly, using the other hand to play with her nipples, twisting and pinching them in her frenzy. I could feel the cum building up and told her to watch out. Not surprisingly she smiled and whispered, " It's okay you can come I my mouth, I have never tasted a man's cum.

I held her head close with both hands as I felt the orgasm rip through my body, surging through my cock as I shot wad after wad mercilessly in her mouth. The cum began to trickle out of her mouth, but determined to have it all, she used her fingers to remove and lick it off. I was moaning and groaning uncontrollably as I held her head close to my cock, fucking her mouth slowly as I rocked back and forth. She was sucking my cock clean while I had my head back in ecstasy, my eyes closed. Suddenly from the corner of my eye I felt I saw someone, I opened my eyes to see the younger sister Puja staring at us from the kitchen entrance, the sweeping broom still in her hand.

I straightened myself and pulled Nisha up, who was surprisingly cool for someone who had been caught with cum all over her face. Nisha made the next move as drew herself closer to me "Kya dekhi tumne"(what did you see) she asked her, with a hint of naughtiness in her voice. 'Enough to blackmail the two of you' she replied with a smile that had me worried. But Nisha obviously had a plan as she teased her sister "Why are you so jealous she said, you wanted him yourself, remember?" I was taken aback, yet flattered to know I was the object of their desire. Encouraged by Nisha's challenge, I put my arms round her and held her close, squeezing her tits while she moaned. Then smiling at Puja I said 'you have three choices, you can either leave, watch your sister get the fucking of her life or join in the fun and let me pleasure you. Nisha giggled at my offer as she rubbed her ass against my crotch slowly, allowing me to continue squeezing her nipples and lick her neck.

Puja's silence gave her away, I could tell she was very aroused and wanted to be part of the action. So I gently led Nisha to her own sister, both of us now on either side of her as we put our arms around her waist and moved to the bedroom. Puja was breathing heavily, her eyes not making contact with either of us. Nisha and I exchanged knowing looks as we sat her on the bed and Nisha went to draw the curtains shut. The room was cool and dark now as I cupped Puja's chin in my hand and drew myself closer to her. To my surprise she made the next move, throwing her arms around my neck as she clamped her mouth to mine, hungrily searching my tongue as she moaned loudly "Apne lund mujhe bhi choosne ko dena babu" (give me your cock to suck as well sir) she whispered. Nisha had now returned to the bed and was smiling at her horny sisters advancements.

 Nisha looked ravishing in the dim light of the bedside lamp, her gorgeous breasts swaying slightly as she crawled up on the bed behind Puja. Within seconds we had Puja's kameez over her head and tossed to a side, then removing the tight white bra from behind Nisha called out to me lewdly "Unke mamme ko choosna babu" (suck her tits sir). I flung the bra aside and freed her luscious tits, cradling them I my hands as I ran my palms across the nipples which were already stiff. Continuing to kiss her I kneaded her breasts slowly but firmly. She was far more vocal than her sister and was moaning loudly "Haa, mujhe lena babu, chod lo mujhe" (Take me sir, fuck me well). 

Meanwhile Nisha from behind was rubbing her tits into her sister's back, while she was playing with her own clit, her fingers thick with her secretions. I took her hand in mine and sucked hungrily at the fingers, tasting her sweetness. Puja hoisted herself on the bed and laid back, raising her hips off the bed so we could take her salwar off. While Nisha went to work, I continued to concentrate on her tits, pinching her nipple to a stiffness she had never experienced, while I sucked on the other one. It was impossible to take her whole breast in my mouth so I took in as much as I could, sucking hard as I ground my body against hers. By now Nisha had loosened the Salwar strings and I helped her disrobe her sister till she was only in her small white panties. 

Adjusting ourselves we laid Puja down and changed positions, I knelt down between her legs while Nisha cradled her in her arms, feeding Puja with her own enormous tits. Puja's panties like her sisters were sopping wet with her juices, I spread her out and went to work, sucking at her through the fabric, tasting her muskiness as I pulled the pantie aside and ran my tongue flat against her labia. She squealed and shuddered as I found her spot. I took my time, running my tongue flat against the outer lips, first slowly then increasing tempo as she began bucking her hips against my mouth and pushing my head to her cunt roughly. With two fingers I held the lips open to get full access to the treasure, darting my tongue in and out I began a maddening rhythm that was sending her crazy. She was moaning and writhing uncontrollably while Nisha now had her mouth clamped over her sister's breasts. Watching the two sisters from my vantage point was a total turn on itself. Their dark sweaty bodies rubbing against each other engulfed in each other's arms. Nisha was sucking on one breast while she pinched and stroked the other nipple to rock hard stiffness. 
 As I continued to tongue fuck her, I could feel her orgasm coming on and I stopped, delaying the pleasure for a bit. Puja went crazy "Nahi, mat rokna, nahi, chodo mujhe" (Don't stop, fuck me instead). Nisha rolled off her sister and came to me "Haa sahib...fuck this little slut" she deserves it. Nisha helped her sister spread her legs then positioned me for the fuck as if conducting the whole session. Taking my cock in her mouth again she coated it with her saliva. Her hot mouth driving me crazy as my rock hard cock was ready to burst. She took my cock out of her mouth and guided me to her sister, who was waiting, rubbing her clit in anticipation. I held her legs back a bit so I could penetrate her properly, I slowly began rubbing my cock against the opening of her cunt, I kept this up for a bit till Puja drew me to her roughly and started biting my neck in passion. 'Apne lund andar ghusana babu, le lo mujhe' (Put your lund inside me and fuck me)

 Inch by inch I slid my cock in, she winced in pain but was too sex crazed to ask me to stop. All this while Nisha kept stroking my chest and nipples to encourage me and sucked on her sister's tits as well. In a final thrust I shoved my cock in, burying myself in her cunt till the hilt. She let out a small moan, and then spread her legs a little more to take me in. I drew my cock out slowly, and then plunged it in again, setting up a rhythm to fuck her brains out. Her cunt was oozing and deliciously wet by now, making it easier for her to take all eight inches in her hot pussy. She ground her hips back into me encouraging me to fuck her harder, the strokes increasing as I drove my cock home. I could feel her muscles tighten against my cock, sending crazy sensations through me. I raised her ass off the bed holding her legs up against my shoulders as I continued to fuck her harder and harder. 

The position gave her more pleasure as she shuddered and writhed under me, our bodies glistening with sweat. I reached down to lick some of the sweet sweat from her neck and she moaned so loud that I thought the neighbours would come running. Nisha clamped her mouth on her sisters so that she would scream any louder; a softer moan escaped from her lips as her sister explored her mouth, and rubbed her nipples at the same time. Watching the two of them almost brought me to climax, as I now started rotating my hips, churning my cock inside her. She was fast approaching climax; I could feel her juices running down her to her ass crack as I slid my cock in and out. Nisha moved towards me and whispered to me to spurt in her sister as she stroked my chest and nipples making me hornier than ever. 

I was now driving my cock in like a jack hammer and the little slut was lapping it all up, locking her legs behind me as I fucked her tight hot cunt harder and harder. She was screaming by now and I was worried about the noise but too far gone to care, she pulled me down roughly to her and began biting my neck, telling me to fuck her well, drown her in my cum. Then suddenly her screams became shorter and she raised her ass off the bed as her climax whipped through her body, she was shaking and screaming as I kept up the incessant hammering. I could feel my climax build up as well and Nisha was rubbing her glorious tits into my back to goad me on. Finally I came in thick wads, inside her dripping cunt, our juices mingling and dripping onto the bed. I lay on top of her in one final thrust as I inhaled her muskiness, our bodies sweaty and hot from the sex we had just had. We lay like that for a minute as she put her tongue in my mouth, searching for my tongue.

Then I drew my cock out and turned to Nisha who had crawled up to us, she took up her position between my legs and took my cock in her mouth, cleaning it of all the cum and juices from our fuck. Puja the slut had by now nuzzled up to my chest and was sucking on my nipples gently as her sister cleaned my cock. She whispered naughtily "Ab didi ke turn hain" (Now it's my sisters turn). I smiled and replied that I was not going to leave her sister high and dry. My cock was already stirring again with Nisha's tongue coaxing it to an erection. She raised her head from her position between my legs and her expression said it all. She was horny as hell, and looked even hornier, her long hair lying wild and open to her waist, her large pendulous breasts swaying and glistening with sweat. 

She now made her way up to straddle me as Puja helped her by guiding my cock to the entrance of her moist pussy. Slowly she impaled herself, unlike her sister she managed to take all of my cock in with not much difficulty, but she kept moaning softly and biting her lip saying it was too big for her. I coaxed her further saying it would be great, holding her ass cheeks from behind as she slowly began to rotate her hips and get all of my cock in her. Puja in the meantime was at her sisters side, rubbing her tits against her, their mouths locked in a kiss as they felt and squeezed each others tits. All the time Nisha kept up the tempo on my cock. He leaned forward offering me her tits as I held her firmly by the ass cheeks and moved her up and down on my cock. Sucking on a nipple I teased the other pinching it lightly. To my surprise this seemed to drive her nuts as she took my hand and made me maul her nipples. I obliged happily nibbling on one while I twisted the other to an unbelievable hardness. She was thrashing wildly, riding my cock like a consummate whore, her hair across her breasts now as she arched her back, offering me a view of her cunt as she fucked me. 

Puja meanwhile came near me and began to straddle my mouth, facing her sister. Her cunt was still moist from our fuck as she lowered it to my lips and I began tongue fucking her. In and out I sent my tongue, nibbling on her outer lips gently as I sought her clit and pulled apart her lips to suck on it. She moaned loudly and shuddered as she ground her mound on my face, cumming in a gush as I drank her juices. She leaned forward to her sister as they kissed, Nisha was now approaching an orgasm so Puja rolled off and watched as I flipped her sister over and hauled her ass up so I could fuck her in the ass to an orgasm. It was sooooo tight initially as I drove the cock head into the entrance, but she was delirious and took me in, her hole widening for me to get most of my cock in. 
