 It was a vacation that all three couples were looking forward to. Myself, Cindy and Richard had known each other since High School. We all three had received scholarships to the U of I. I in basketball, Richard in football and Cindy was a cheerleader. While in college we had met our respective spouses. Cindy married Carl who also played basketball, Richard married Peggy who was on the track team and I married Vickie who was a cheerleader. After graduation all three of us guys were offered jobs by the same firm in St. Louis. We all still get together every couple of weeks to visit and play cards, but this was to be our first trip together. As the company worked seven days a week it was a chore getting a weekend off for all three guys at the same time, then making arrangements with grandparents to watch the kids. We rented a three-bedroom cabin in the Ozarks for our get-a-way. This was to a birthday celebration of sorts as all of us would be turning 30 within the next two months.

The girls were doing all the planning for the weekend. I am not sure what was going on but every time Vickie came home from one of the planning sessions she would all but attack me. Don’t get me wrong a little pussy is nice and a lot of pussy is even better. I was getting laid every other day, which was a lot better than the every week, or 10 days I had gotten use to the last few years.

Vickie and I were the first to arrive at the cabin Friday evening. My name is Dan; I am 6’ 4” and 240 pounds with wavy brown hair. Vickie is 5’ 5” with long black hair and huge DD cup breasts. While we were unloading our Cherokee, Carl and Cindy arrived in their Explorer. Carl is 2 inches taller and 40 pounds heaver than me while Cindy was about the same size as Vickie except her breasts were only about a C cup, she has curly brown shoulder length hair. Carl and I unloaded the vehicles while the girls unpacked and started dinner as Richard and Peggy would not be able to get here until about 8:00 due to problems with the baby sitter. Richard is just shy of six feet but tips the scale at 250. He is still just as solid as he was in college. Peggy on the other hand might weight 100 lbs wringing wet. She has short blond hair and would have to really push to fill out a B cup. In college (before she started going with Richard) we referred to her as a carpenters dream. Flat as a board and easy to nail. They arrived just as dinner was ready.

After eating Carl and I helped Richard unload his Bravada while the girls cleaned up. There sure seemed to be a lot of laughing coming from the kitchen. Peggy called us into the kitchen and said “the games are about to begin. There are only three rules: 1. No attitudes. 2. These games are our idea so do not worry that we are going to go ballistic if you do or say the wrong thing. 3. Enjoy yourself and all of your fantasies may come true. Now if you all agree to the rules we can start the first game.”

We looked at each other and all agreed. Peggy, who seemed to be the spokesman for the girls said: “You and your spouse are a team for the weekend. Any and all points you or your spouse earn during the weekend will be combined with the winning couple crowned on Sunday. All three girls know what the prize is but you are not to ask. If you do you will not be told and you will loose 1000 points. Everyone with me so far?”

We all shook our heads up and down. Peggy started in again: “The first game is called high-low. It is a form of Strip Poker.”

Hearing this all three of us looked at our respective spouses. We had played a lot of cards and different games but other that a little playful flirting had never done anything sexual with other members of the group. All three girls were grinning like Cheshire Cats. Oh well, if they were game so was I.

“In this game shoes and socks do not count so get them off. You three have on a shirt, jeans and underwear. As you probably noticed that is also all I am wearing.” With that Peggy cupped her little boobs and shook them a little making the nipples stand up and poke out the front of her tank top like a pair of pencil erasers. “Vickie and Cindy are wearing bras but to make things even, they are not wearing panties.” 

Peggy shuffled a deck of cards then spread them out haphazardly on the table. “Each person takes one card. The winner is the one who has the highest card, Aces are high in this game, and the looser is the lowest card. The looser has to give the winner an article of clothing. In the case of a tie on the high end both winners receive an article of clothing from the looser. A tie on the bottom end and both give something to the winner. When you are out of clothing you are out of the game. You will then stand with your back to the wall, facing us and will lock your fingers together behind your head so you will not be tempted to cover up. You may only play with the three articles of clothing that you are wearing. The winner will be the last one with anything on. That person will receive 200 points and a bonus that you will find out about at the end of the game. The person who owns the most pieces of clothing will receive 100 points. Any questions?”

No one said anything so Peggy reached to the pile and drew a card. She turned it over revealing a 10. I drew a 3, Vickie a 4, Carl a 10, Cindy a 9 then Richard flipped over a King. I pulled off my T-shirt and handed it to him. Peggy took the played cards and dropped them into a box. I won the next two rounds taking Peggy’s jeans and Carl’s shirt. Cindy won the next hand and earned Carl’s jeans. He looked embarrassed standing in his white briefs. The next hand Vickie drew an Ace the first card, Peggy pulled a 5, Carl a 6, Cindy pulled another 5, I pulled a Jack then Richard pulled a third 5. All three pulled their shirts off handing them to my wife. Peggy now had her pert breasts on display for all to see. Peggy got even by winning the next hand and taking Vickie’s shirt. Carl won the next hand taking Vickie’s bra. I heard an intake of breath from both the other guys as she uncovered those DD puppies. Things were starting to get interesting now. At least for me as I could feel my little buddy starting to stand up an pay attention. Cindy won the next round taking my jeans. As I took them off I was very conscious of the tent in my boxers. Richard lost the next hand to Vickie, leaving all three men with only their underwear. Carl won the next round and won Peggy’s panties. She pealed them off revealing a completely shaved pussy, walked to the wall, turned and put her hands behind her head making her breasts stand at attention.

Vickie drew high card next round while Carl and Cindy both pulled two’s. Cindy removed her bra, freeing nice shaped breasts with huge nipples, and handed it to Vickie. She then turned to her red-faced spouse and pulled his briefs down and pushed him towards the wall where Peggy was standing. When Carl leaned against the wall his cock was standing at full attention. Its eight inches was almost the twin to mine except mine was not cut. The next hand Cindy joined the pair at the wall as I claimed her jeans and revealed her full heavy bush. Vickie fell to Richard the next round and added her trimmed pussy to the line along the wall. 

With just the two of us left and both down to the last piece of clothing this was the final hand. I drew the first card and flipped it over to reveal a three. Richard smiled and turned a card without looking. Neither of us could believe it, as the two of clubs settled to the table. “Get them off and get over here” Peggy said; “I am getting tired of standing this way.”

Richard dropped his boxers to reveal an erect cock that was maybe an inch or so shorter than the other two but was at last twice as big around.

Peggy got out a notebook and wrote the names of all three couples at the top of the page. Under Vickie’s name and mine she put 200 + 100. Peggy then said: “Now since Dan won Vickie is eliminated from the bonus part of the game.” 

She looked at Cindy and nodded towards the table. Cindy reached over and turned over an 8. Carl started to get a card when Peggy told him not to. “Males do not participate in the bonus round.” She then reached in and flipped over a Queen.

I asked what that was about. Peggy said: “I just won, that means I get to be your bed partner for tonight. Since spouses are not allowed to sleep together at night then Vickie will go with Carl and Cindy will go with Richard. Tomorrow night you get Cindy, I get Carl and Richard gets Vickie. Now lets get to bed. You have a long hard night ahead of you and more surprises tomorrow. The breakfast game starts at 8:00 am, don’t be late or it will cost you much needed points. “

With that she grabbed my cock through my boxers and pulled me towards one of the bedrooms. I looked back and saw Carl reach over and squeeze Vickie’s big breasts while Cindy was trying to fit Richard’s fat cock into her mouth.

In the bedroom Peggy pulled my boxers down, getting her first look at my uncut dick. Licking her lips she said: “That looks good, I have never sucked one with a foreskin before.” Then looking in my eyes she ask “How do you like the games so far?”

“I think I like it.” I replied. “To be honest with you, I am just a little apprehensive about Vickie fucking someone else. I think it is just a macho thing thou. You are the first naked woman I have seen, other than Vickie, since we got married.”

“Do you approve of my body, I am pretty skinny compared to the other girls and do not have much in the tit department.” 

“I think you look great.” I replied. “I have gotten glimpses of your breasts before and have had fantasies about you from time to time. I hope that does not make you angry.”

“No, I think it is sexy. I like to show off what little I have. Probably when you got a peak at me it was because I was trying to show you. It makes me hot knowing that you may have jacked-off thinking about me. Now get on the bed, I want to get started on that wonderful looking cock.”

I lay back on the bed while she crawled between my legs and started kissing and sucking my balls. She then licked up the shaft of my dick, took her hand and pulled the foreskin back, and licked her way around the head. I was in ecstasy. As Peggy began trying to stuff as much of me as she could into her mouth I asked her to turn around so I could return the favor. 

She got on top of me in the 69 position and lowered her hairless cunt to my mouth. I parted her lips with my tongue then slowly flicked it across her clit. Her little love button started to puff up. I took it between my lips and gently sucked it while still rubbing it with my tongue. Suddenly she sat up straight, and ground her pussy down on my mouth. I stuck my tongue up it as far as I could and could feel her spasm around it. I was surprised when my mouth was blasted with a spray of cum. I had heard of women who squirted when they came but this was the first time I had experienced one. 

Peggy moved off my face and said: “I’m sorry, I usually don’t cum that fast and Richard does not like me to squirt in his mouth.”

I pulled her face to mine and kissed her on the lips. I told her she had nothing to apologize for; that I had really enjoyed the experience and hopped this was not the last time I could do it. She smiled, kissed me again then went back to work on my cock. In no time I was ready to cum, and told her so. She just kept it up as I shot stream after stream of hot cum into her mouth. When she did release my dick I handed her a handkerchief to spit into as I always did Vickie. Peggy looked me in the eye, smiled and swallowed the entire mouthful before laying down and snuggling up to me. 

As we lay there I started to play with her nipples. Peggy started to moaning and told me that they were very sensitive. It was a unique experience as Vickie’s nipples were almost as big as Peggy’s entire breasts. As she fondled my now flaccid cock Peggy said: “Vickie tells me that you have always wanted to try anal. Well I really like it so as soon as this big boy is ready you can have some ass.”

That was all it took as my little buddy jumped to attention. Peggy kept stroking me and rubbing the foreskin around until the head was covered with pre-cum. Then, kissing me, she rolled over on her stomach, put a pillow under her hips and pulled her ass cheeks apart. I got on my knees between her legs, leaned over and kissed the rosebud of her asshole. I gently poked my tongue in as far as I could as she moaned in pleasure. I then nestled the head against her and started to slowly apply pressure. To my surprise Peggy pushed back against me, driving me halfway in with one thrust. 

She looked over her shoulder at me and said: “Now quit playing Mr. Nice Guy and fuck my ass hard.”

I did as I was told, driving all the way home with the next thrust, then pulling halfway out and slamming back in as my balls slapped against her pussy, coating them with her juice. Due to the most excellent blowjob that I had recently received I was able to last quite a while before depositing a load of cum deep in her bowels. 

After we had rested a little we jumped into the shower together and took turns washing each other before crawling back into bed, snuggling together and drifting off to sleep.

I was awaken the next morning with an ass gently humping against my hardening cock as I lay on my side. I slid my hand up her belly until I cupped her small breast, then is when my eyes flew open. I calmed down as soon as I remembered the night before and that it was ok not to have a DD in my hand. I massaged the little nipple as Peggy threw one leg back across my hip and with her hand popped the head of my dick into her wet pussy. We lay like that for a little while, moving very slowly and enjoying the feel of each other. 

Peggy looked at the clock and said: “It is 10 till 8, we better get this over with as we do not want to be late for the breakfast game.” With that she pushed me over onto my back, straddled me and impaled her self as deep as she could get on my cock. “God, Richard just doesn’t reach that far” she said as she franticly rode me. I worked her nipples as I watched her shaved pussy grind into my pubic hair. 

She stiffened and as I felt her climax around my cock, my balls were coated with the juices flowing from her pussy. This was too much for me and I painted the inside of her love tunnel with my seed. 

With a few seconds to catch our breadth, Peggy pulled off me, grabbed my hand and said: “Come on we do not want to be late for breakfast.”

We hurried to the dining room for find the other four already there. Vickie smiled at me and asked if I had enjoyed the night. I leaned over, kissed her and told her very much so. Her kiss had almost the same flavor as Peggy’s kiss had right after she had sucked me off. 

Peggy sat three chairs in a row and had the girls set in them. “Ok, there are a couple of rules that I did not mention last night that maybe I should have. First off no one is allowed to wear any type of clothing while inside and no underwear is allowed at all this weekend.”

She continued: “Now girls to show your husband that you still love him, you must suck him until he is hard.” With that we stepped up to our seated wives and they started to suck. When Vickie took my cock into her mouth, she stopped and looked at me with raised eyebrows, then smiled and went to work on it. About that time I realized that I had pulled out of Peggy and came straight to the dining room without washing first, so she was tasting both Peggy and my cum.

In no time at all we were all hard as rocks. Peggy then said: “Part one of the breakfast game is about to begin. Girls, on your backs on the table. Guys the first one to fill his wife’s pussy with cum gets 400 points, the second one gets 200 points and the third one must finish or he looses 200 points.”

With the girls laying side by side on the table we walked up to them and were told to start. Vickie and I were on one end with Carl and Cindy on the other and Richard and Peggy in the middle. I rubbed the head of my dick against Vickie’s opening and slowly slid in. As I glanced to the right I watched Richard slide his fat cock into Peggy’s pussy. As he drove in I could see some of my cum squishing out around the edges. As we all humped away, Richard stopped and claimed the 400 points. Within seconds I claimed the 200 points. Right behind me Carl unloaded. 

Peggy had Richard go to the cabinet and get three bananas. As instructed he handed one to each of us. Peggy told us: “Part two of the breakfast game is about to start. The winner of this part will receive 500 points, second place will receive 200 and third place will receive 100. Again if you fail to finish you will loose 1000 points. You will each peal your banana and insert it fully into your wife’s pussy. When I tell you to start, using only your mouth you will have a breakfast of bananas and cream. Now put your bananas in and pull up a chair. Remember the prize at the end of the weekend will be well worth any effort that you put out.”

As we sat down Carl said: “I do not know about this.” I looked over and could see the tip of the banana peeking out of the cum covered fur rug between Cindy’s legs.

“You can’t back out now baby” she told him. “Hell you may even enjoy it, but at least give it a try.”

Another thought crossed my mind. Peggy must have been thinking the same thing as she winked at me when I looked up from the combination of Richard’s and my cum leaking out of her pussy.

When we were told to go I put my lips around the banana, sucked as much of it into my mouth as I could and bit it off. I chewed a couple of times and swallowed. I repeated this twice and was finished earning another 500 points. Richard was a close second. It took Carl a while longer as he took small bites but he did finish to collect 100 points.

“Alright” Peggy said as she totaled points. “Dan and Vickie are leading at present with 1000 points, Richard and I have 600 and Carl and Cindy are going to have to get busy with 100 points. Everyone now has some free time to shower and talk to your spouse or what ever. Next game starts at 11:00. Be here.”

If you have enjoyed the weekend so far let me know and vote for the story and I will ad part two.