 My birthday was approaching fast; 31st October of all days – always got swallowed up in Halloween night – wherever I went I couldn't escape zombies, witches and the like, so I tended to spend it quietly indoors. This year, Dawn had other ideas; she was arranging something – just told me to keep the date free and leave everything to her.

The evening arrived and Dawn had ordered us a cab; she had a child-minder for Shannon so it was just the two of us. We kissed Shannon goodbye at the door and she gave us both a big hug.

"Hope you enjoy your...," before she could finish, Dawn hushed her up for fear of her giving the secret away.

The cab pulled up outside one of the plush hotels in town and we got out with Dawn paying the driver. We entered through the main door and made our way towards one of the function rooms which was marked off for a private party. As Dawn ushered me into the room, I could see that it was set out in a Halloween theme; a number of guests were already in attendance and a big roar went up as I entered. I paused just inside the door, taking in the view. The guests were all indistinguishable from here with their costumes on; there were waitresses wearing little maid's outfits, with the words "At your service" on their aprons, patrolling the floor with trays of champagne glasses and the bar was manned by three very muscly topless men whose bodies were glistening from the oil on them.

Dawn led me into the room, stopping one of the waitresses and taking a glass for us both, before leading me to the nearest group. They were all women; there was Ashley dressed as a very sexy zombie, Taylor who had gone for a werewolf – her and her doggy likes! – Kelly was the sexiest nurse I would ever want to meet and Rosie – to my delight – dressed as a nun but a very naughty one with fishnet stockings and a very short habit. I was disappointed not to see Jess, but she arrived from the bar carrying a tray of shots. She was in a fallen angel costume – wings and all – dressed in black with plenty of cleavage on show.

"Hi Rob," she said, handing the tray to Ashley before placing her hands around my neck and deep throating me with her tongue, "Happy birthday lover – do you like my cossie?" 

My hands dropped to her short hemline and squeezed her butt, "As ever Jess," I said, "you look good enough to eat!"

"Play your cards right and that could be your birthday present," she said, winking at me. "Hi Dawn," she said, giving her a kiss full on the lips, "Thanks for organizing this; I haven't been to a good party in yonks!"

Dawn kept a firm grip on Jess's waist and pulled her in for another kiss, this time forcing her tongue into Jess's mouth. When she broke for breath, she said to me, "Bob, you go and meet your other guests – me and Jess here are going to have some fun."

I wandered over to the next nearest group; this contained several other members of the netball team whose names escaped me, as well as Niamh dressed up as a leprechaun; she looked stunning in her skimpy green outfit and white thigh-highs. I pulled her towards me and kissed her, our tongues becoming entwined in each other as my hands explored just how short her dress was. Out of the corner of my eye I spotted Jess and Dawn headed for the toilets; I would need to get myself a pass for there tonight if that was were all the action was going to be – after all, it is my party!

I finished my smooch with Niamh and went around the remaining groups, collecting kisses and a few gropes as I went. It suddenly dawned on me that apart from the barmen and "Rover" for want of his real name, I was the only man in a room full of women who had come to help me celebrate my birthday. It occurred to me that Emily was missing, which saddened me as she was on my to-do list, but there was plenty of choice in this delicious room. Some of the women's costumes were so good that I couldn't make out who they were, and they were in no hurry to give me their names – keeping it a mystery!

The DJ started playing what I considered to be a very apt song, Love Shack, and I was dragged onto the dance floor by two sexy vampires who I don't think I knew and was suddenly in the middle of a circle of sexy women shaking their hips provocatively at me. I joined in the dance, occasionally getting a handful of one of their bodies as they circled around me. My hips were thrusting forward towards whoever's groin happened to be opposite and I was suddenly grabbed by one of the women, who encased me in her arms and was pressing herself against me in time to the music. The song finished and was followed by Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines – I love this song – the message is right up my street and the women were going crazy! As the line "I know you want it" came on, Rosie pulled the hem of her habit up revealing her bare pussy and smiled at me lasciviously. That was the final straw; I left the dancefloor with Rosie in tow and took her to the gents – I knew with so few men at the party that we would be likely to get some privacy there!

Once inside the toilets, I took her in my arms and kissed her passionately. Her hands were at my belt and soon my trousers were down around my ankles; Rosie soon followed them and was on her knees pulling my boxers down to free Junior. Her lips engulfed him and she gave him a good long suck as I ran my fingers through her hair, encouraging her mouth. My hips were gently pushing forward encouraging her to take more and more of my cock; my pre-cum was leaking into her mouth and she was lapping it up! I raised her to her feet and spun her around, pulling her habit over her arse and spreading her legs. Within seconds I had my cock buried into her pussy as she bent over a wash basin; the moans coming from her mouth told me she was enjoying it rough and I continued to pound her sweet pussy – this pussy I had yearned for, for so long! My hands reached around and grabbed her braless breasts through her costume; she was quite a handful and I kneaded her breasts as I continued to plough her love tube. My sweet Rosie was finally mine and I erupted in her with three mighty spurts of cum before withdrawing and replacing my boxers and trousers. I looked at the item of my fantasies as she stood there, a trail of cum sliding down her thigh.

"Would you like some toilet paper to clean up with?" I enquired.

"Get out of here," she said, "I am going to leak your cum like a badge of pride – you may shag a lot of women tonight but I was your first!"

We returned to the dance-floor to a round of applause with Rosie even showing off the trail of cum making its way down her leg. Rover got on the floor and began to lick it off her, his head eventually disappearing up her short dress and clearly eating from her pussy to a variety of catcalls and whistles.

I was pulled away from this spectacle by Ashley who pulled me into a group including Taylor, Jess and Dawn amongst others. Dawn's lipstick was smeared and I could only imagine were those lips had been kissing! Apple Bottom Jeans had just started and, as before, the girls formed a circle around me, dancing provocatively and frequently flashing parts of their bodies. When the words "low, low, low, low, low, low, low" came on the girl in front of me, who happened to be Jess at the time gradually lowered her body until her mouth was level with my flies; she then moved her head across and kissed and licked at my bulge while still gyrating to the music. As that line finished, she arose from her position and resumed dancing, the girls circling around me as before. When it reached that part of the song again, an unknown was in front of me and proceeded to copy what Jess had done previously. Unbeknown to me, the girl behind me was positioning herself and the two of them yanked my trousers down, leaving a flagpole sticking out from my boxers. The girl in front extracted my cock and took a good long suck on it before the girls continued their circling, each one who was in front of me lowered themselves and helped themselves to my cock, which had started to leak again. 

When the song was finished, I was led to a chair and made to sit down. My hands were moved behind the chair and I felt the familiar feel of handcuffs being placed on them. My trousers were removed in their entirety as were my boxers, leaving me looking rather silly sitting there in a shirt and nothing else except socks. "Happy Birthday" struck up on the speakers and everyone joined in as a giant cake was wheeled into the room by Dawn and Jess. The cake came to a halt in front of me and a ribbon was placed between my teeth; as I yanked on the ribbon the front half of the cake collapsed and a figure dressed in the costume of a devil rose from the middle of the cake and began to dance towards me as the strains of "Sexy Devil" made their way through the room. As the figure got nearer I was admiring the stunning body of this devil who was, hopefully, going to have her wicked way with me. She sat down on my lap, facing me, with her legs astride me and grasped my cock with one of her red-gloved hands while removing her mask with the other. Emily! At last, I was going to enjoy Emily's pussy; my cock twitched in anticipation as she started to stroke it. Her costume covered very little, the top of it was just above her nipples and the skirt so short I could see the hairs of her pussy escaping through her crotchless panties. As she stood to manoeuvre herself, Dawn pulled Emily's top down exposing her breasts to me. Emily crouched over me and slowly lowered herself onto my rod, her smile growing wider as she worked her way down. I remember being told as a youngster that I should never fuck with the devil but, on this occasion, I was going to enjoy doing just that! I moved my head forward and grasped a nipple between my teeth causing Emily to squeal. She placed her arms around my neck as she began to ride me, clenching her thighs together to squeeze my cock as she moved slowly up and down.

"Sorry for making you wait so long," she said.

Her teeth bit into her bottom lip as she enjoyed my cock inside her. I asked that my hands be freed and they were. I grabbed her by the waist and helped with her movements, but it wasn't long before her breasts became the centre of my hands' attention. They were so beautifully shaped and I delighted in squeezing them and playing with her nipples. She stopped riding me and climbed off, getting on all fours on the floor.

"Doggy style, please Bob – it's my favourite position," she said.

Whether she knew it or not, it was also my favourite position, so I was more than happy to oblige. I got down behind her and licked her pussy a couple of times to get her taste before inserting Junior into her waiting hole. It was just at this time that I realised that the bar staff and waitresses were putting on a little dance show of their own to keep the guests amused. They were dancing sensually and some of the guests were joining in. This erotica only helped with the task before me; I was getting physical and visual stimulation and Junior was letting me know he was very happy!

Jess had been one of the guests dancing with the bar staff; she peeled away from the dance floor, dragging a barman with her. I watched as she climbed onto the bar with her legs draped over the edge; his mouth went to her pussy and she was bucking her hips as he ate her out. This was all too much for me and I erupted inside Emily's pussy, feeding her hungry hole with my cum. I then sat where I was, watching as the barman replaced his mouth with his cock – how on earth do they get them that big? – and proceeded to shaft Jess in front of everyone. The dance-floor had turned into a sex-pit; no-one was actually dancing anymore – there were couples, threesomes and more all over the place! The number of cocks was limited but most of the women seemed just as happy licking pussy or, in some cases, arses.

I noticed that Niamh was standing by the bar, watching proceedings and remembered Dawn relating to me the night of the proposal and how Niamh had advised her that she wasn't into women. I got up and walked over to her, my cock limp between my thighs. As I approached, she smiled.

"Hi Bob," she said, "Are you having a good party?"

"It will be even better if you will help me breathe some life back into Junior here," I said.

She looked down at me and her hand reached out to stroke my cock. 

"Will you taste of her?" she asked.

I nodded.

She lowered herself to her knees and I was staring right down her cleavage – gorgeous amounts of tit flesh fixating my gaze. I was brought out of my reverie as her mouth encircled my soft cock. Her mouth was so warm and wet and I had to resist the urge to push it right down her throat, I wanted this to be at her pace; she was tasting a woman for the first time and I didn't want to do anything to spoil the moment for her. She started slowly but soon became more enthusiastic, her tongue coming more and more into play as Junior grew in response to her attention. 

After she had got him to his full length, she withdrew him from her mouth.

"Bob," she said, "do you think she will let me lick her while you fuck me? Will you ask her for me?"

"That is one hell of a horny idea," I said, "no pun intended what with her being the devil and all!"

Emily was sitting on the floor where I had left her, fingering her pussy and occasionally sucking juices into her mouth. Her eyes lit up when I told her what Niamh wanted to do and she was even more enthusiastic when I told her that she would be Niamh's first.

I returned to where Niamh was waiting and escorted her over to the waiting Emily.

"Would you like me on my front or my back?" Emily asked her, while devouring her young body with her eyes.

Niamh wasn't sure, so I suggested that Emily lay on her back to start with and if Emily wanted to try the other way she could ask Emily to turn over. Emily lay down with her legs akimbo and Niamh hesitatingly lowered herself between them.

"I've never done this before, so sorry if I'm not very good," apologised Niamh.

"We all have to have our first time, darling," said Emily, "if I think you need it, I will give you a few pointers while you're eating me. Now get your mouth on my pussy and see what comes naturally."

"That'll be my cock," I joked as Niamh got into position.

Niamh put her mouth to Emily's pussy and began gently licking at her lips.

"Oh God, yes," said Emily, "just like that – move your tongue a bit more – yes – that's it – oh you are so good sweet one."

Having given Niamh some time in which to explore and enjoy Emily's pussy, I knelt down behind her for my second doggy of the night. Niamh's pussy was just as tight as I remembered it and I enjoyed the sensation of squeezing my cock into her tiny hole, stretching it as I pushed further and further in. Niamh was struggling to concentrate on Emily's pussy as my cock invaded her.

"Sorry," she said to Emily.

"Don't you worry, you've done great so far. Just start again once you are used to Bob's monster inside you!" replied Emily.

With Niamh being so slight, it really looked to me like I was fucking a small Irish leprechaun, which made me smile no end. Her pussy looked red raw from my meat entering it so I took it easy, only slowly pushing in and pulling out. With each stroke it felt like her hole was expanding and allowing me more room. It wasn't too long before Niamh had returned her attention to Emily's more experienced pussy, her tongue flicking over her lips and occasionally sucking on her clit.

"Work it inside me, if you don't mind," said Emily.

Niamh seemed to be clearly enjoying the experiment and was soon poking her little tongue as far as she could into Emily's pussy.

"That's it little one," said Emily, "see if you can find any of Bob's cum in there – I think I got most of it out with my fingers but if you're lucky there might be some left for you."

Niamh seemed to re-double her efforts, poking her tongue even further into Emily and moving it around searching for my precious cum – it was like a weird version of Treasure Hunt! I was now pumping in and out of Niamh with freedom; her little pussy was accommodating my cock well enough and her juices were coating my length – it only took a few more strokes and I was pouring my seed into her tight little cave. I withdrew my cock and was astonished at the speed with which my cock was replaced by Dawn's mouth.

Dawn attacked Niamh's pussy hungrily, licking and sticking her tongue in, gathering up my cum and swallowing it. She worked frantically and I could see that Niamh was on the point of orgasm, her own tongue working just as feverishly at Emily's pussy. The two girls came simultaneously and once Dawn had finished cleaning Niamh up, she joined Niamh in licking up Emily's juices from her pussy and thighs. Dawn finished up by licking all around Niamh's sweet face, making sure that not one drop of pussy juice had gone to waste.

"You were so worth the wait, Niamh," said Dawn, "you taste so sweet like fresh nectar. If you could bottle that you would make a fortune!"

I returned to my chair, watching the orgy going on around me. One of the barmen had returned to the bar to keep the drinks flowing but the other two were in huge demand, as soon as one girl had finished with them the next was lining up to get their pussy licked or to suck on a cock.

Taylor had clearly come equipped for the night as she, in her werewolf costume, was walking her three dogs, Sparkle, Rover and Ashley around the dancefloor on their leads. They would stop wherever a bare pussy was and take it in turns to mop up any leftover juices. As I watched, Rosie approached Taylor and asked her something; Taylor handed the lead attached to Rover to Rosie, who proceeded to pat his head while talking to him. She then got on all fours with her habit hitched over her backside; Rover began to sniff and lick her arse before putting his front paws on her sides and pressing his cock against her anus. Rosie turned her head to me and winked as Rover slowly inserted his cock into her rear door; she started to grunt as he moved it further into her and then they were in full swing with his balls bashing against her arse as he pumped her.

Suddenly I was approached from the side by nurse Kelly; she was holding a stethoscope and placed it against my cock.

"Just checking for signs of life," she said.

"it's in a bad way," I responded, "I think the kiss of life may be needed."

Kelly dropped to her knees and took my cock in her hand, inspecting it, before slowly extending the tip of her tongue and lightly licking my knob, putting the very tip into my opening. Junior twitched.

"Doesn't seem to be too much wrong with him," she said, as she rose to her feet and peeled off her uniform, leaving herself in a white bra with a red cross symbol on each cup and a skimpy thong. I pulled her onto my lap and kissed her, exploring her mouth with my tongue. My cock was under her crotch and she was gently moving her pussy forwards and backwards as we kissed. I reached behind her and undid her bra, releasing her small breasts for my hands and mouth to savour. She pushed her torso forward, offering as much to me as I could get into my mouth. Her breasts were young and sweet, and her nipples were a dark shade of red, rising to attention as I sucked and played with them. Kelly lifted herself off my lap and turned around, pulling her thong to one side, she grasped my cock and slid it into her before returning to my lap with her back now towards me. As she gradually rose and lowered herself on my cock, my hands played with her breasts and I was nibbling at her neck. We could both watch the scenes being played out on the dancefloor and on the bar, as people swapped partners and fucked, sucked and licked each other. Movement to the left of me caught my attention and I saw Dawn with a strap on fucking Jess in the centre of what remained of the fake cake. Best fucking birthday ever, I thought!
