 This story is something that I wish happened -- but it didn't because I was too scared to go ahead with it. I was eighteen, curious about sex and the type of girl who loved being in trouble. I was seeing Natalie, a gorgeous tall brunette with athletic curves and a huge naughty grin. I'm bisexual with a high sex drive -- up to this point, we had about a month of wild sex and partying and I hoped it would never end. Natalie was a stripper and she knew a lot of famous people, mobsters and other interesting folk. My dark side loved every dangerous moment. Like me, Natalie had a lot of male friends and this warm summer afternoon, we were at a barbeque at her friend's inner city house. Her friend Michael was gorgeous -- about six foot six, muscular, dark and handsome. Nat and I had an open relationship and she said she wanted to watch him fuck me. I was interested but nervous -- it never happened. At this party, Nat had told me not to wear underwear because she wanted to play with me under the table. I also knew Michael had a sex swing, amongst other stuff, in his room -- it was a sexually charged afternoon, filled with promises that could have went anywhere. My mind still simmers hotly over what could have happened...here is one scenario ;-)

*****

I arrived in my old car, parallel parking in the crowded narrow street. Michael was very successful; and like most of Nat's friends, I wasn't entirely sure what he did, or whether it was totally legal, but he had wealth, which he flaunted with sports cars and a luxurious modern terrace house in a trendy inner city location. Not quite a part of this scene, I had bought a new dress for the party -- a tight body-conscious style white dress with a yellow floral pattern that had a pencil skirt that went to the knee. I had my white blonde hair cut below my shoulders, with short blunt bangs -- at this time, it was styled like Patricia Arquette's in 'Lost Highway' -- and as instructed, I wore no panties. I needed a bra to support my 8G breasts so I had bought a pretty white sheer push-up bra. I had high glossy white patent stilettos that made me almost as tall as Nat and the heels elongated my shapely legs. 

Hesitant, I walked up to the tall cement fence and pressed the intercom button, peering through the cast iron bars to see a Porsche and an Aston parked together in a car port. "Hello," a deep male voice responded. 

I said who it was and the gate popped open. I walked in, palms and greenery dangling overhead as my heels clacked on the flagstones. Michael had come out to see me, giving me a very friendly lingering kiss on the mouth and offering champagne, which I declined. I felt nervousness chew at me again as I felt his eyes linger on my small curvy frame, enjoying my tight dress. He was very attractive -- half Italian, arrogant, intelligent and articulate, very much my type and I thought of what Nat said, about him wanting to fuck me -- and how she wanted to watch.

He took my hand, his woody aftershave luring me in and I followed him around the side of the house, out to a large deck surrounded by more greenery. Nat was sitting in her usual tomboyish way, her long legs folded to her chest, her chin on her knees, cat-like eyes gleaming as she controlled the banter with the two men with her. Nat saw me, her face breaking into a big smile and she jumped to her feet, running over and kissing me passionately. All the men stared, openly interested. Nat was dressed simply in a singlet, no bra and a short denim skirt. She always joked that I overdressed, called me Princess as a pet name. She whispered I looked good enough to eat and I shuddered, my pussy warm and wet. We sit together, her hand on my bare knee and I feel like I'm not really part of their conversations, I'm feeling too young and rather silly. I excuse myself to go to the bathroom, slipping into the beige interior of the large house and locating the marble bathroom. I welcome a moment to myself, checking my reflection and thinking about what to do.

Nat is waiting outside the door. "Are you OK? You're quiet," she said. 

I say I'm fine, it's just kind of weird because they're older and I don't really know them. 

"Michael wants to fuck you," she said matter-of-factly. "He thinks you're gorgeous. He wants to eat your pussy."

My cheeks flushed. I didn't know what to say.

Nat says, looking me in the eye, "I want to watch him eat you and then I want to watch him fuck you."

Nat always made me blush like crazy. I pressed my hand against my cheek and laughed. "I don't know," I said lamely. 

She kissed me, her knowing hands running up and down my body, pinching my nipples to attention. "I will convince you," she said and took my hand. She led me into Michael's bedroom and I protested a little, but went inside, allowing her to put her hand up my skirt and fondle my increasingly soaking wet pussy as she kissed my neck. As she pushed me against a wall, I saw the sex swing that Nat had told me about as well as a huge king bed in the centre of the large room. There was a mirror on the ceiling. Michael obviously liked sex.

[It was here where, in reality, I pushed Nat away and we went back to the table, where she played with my pussy in a rather obvious way in front of the boys and later, we went back to her apartment to properly release the sexual tension (...and I'm only guessing here, but I am sure the boys had to take care of their own business their own ways as we had indeed excited and teased them). However, in this story, via the magic of fiction, things happen differently...]

We were in Michael's room, lost in the moment of kissing and touching, when the door opened and Michael came in, watching us. Nat asked me if this was OK and I nodded, nervous but so aroused, thinking about what she had said and thinking about the sex swing, the mirrors. Michael walked over, pressing himself against me from behind, nuzzling into my neck and kissing. Nat watched, stroking my breasts. I felt Michael's huge hard body against me, his erection digging into my back and his big hands beginning to roam downwards. I sank against him, my legs weak and his mouth found mine, his tongue powerfully penetrating my lips and taking control. He took me over to the bed, laying me down and kissing me, his large hands running up and down my body. I was moaning, responding, touching his arms, submitting to him as he pulled my dress up, roughly wrenching apart my legs to reveal my waxed bare pussy. "What do we have here," he breathed, holding my legs wide open and running his fingers gently over my labia and my swollen clit. I moaned again, desperately wanting to be touched, licked. 

"Nice little hairless pussy begging to be eaten..." he said and I could feel his hot breath on me. 

I shivered with anticipation and he licked my slit slowly, looking me in the eye. 

"Mmm...you taste so sweet. But I'm in no hurry," he said, lightly running his fingers over my labia again and smiling at my frustration. "I want to see you squirm as I do things to you no one has ever done. And then I want to see you scream when I force you to come on my face."

"We need to make sure she can't get away," Nat said and before I could protest, the two of them pulled me off the bed and dragged me over to the sex swing. 

Four hands took off my dress and as Nat lingeringly unhooked my bra, she whispered in my ear, "Watching Michael fuck you is going to be so hot." 

They strapped me into the swing, which was suspended from the visible timber roof beams and my legs were splayed open as I sprawled in the air, vulnerable. 

"You can't change your mind now," Nat whispered, her fragrant hair falling into my face as she bent over to kiss me. Her small hands grabbed hold of my large breasts, which were much more than a handful for her. The straps harnessed them upwards and she squeezed them, running her tongue over my nipples. Michael was taking off my shoes, kissing my toes. I shivered, having these two beautiful people attending to me. I could feel moistness running from my pussy lips, the cool air torturous on my hot cunt. Nat smiled at me, moving away as she stood back to watch Michael take control.

Kneeling, he came up between my legs, licking my vulva with purpose and inserting a finger into my dripping tight hole, fucking slowly. He kept his mouth high on my pussy, without touching my swelling clit, and licked and sucked. I was moaning, watching him, and watching Nat; who was caressing herself through her panties, eyes heavy-lidded. 

"You like that?" she asked huskily and I managed to nod yes, letting out a cry as Michael worked his tongue into my ass. His thumb found my engorged throbbing clit and rubbed as his tongue wet and probed my asshole. I let out another cry, trying to arch my back but the bonds held me firm as he shifted underneath me, his hot mouth on my ass, his tongue fucking my hole. The pleasure was amazing, I needed to come, I rode the waves, crying out and writhing as my girlfriend stroked my hair, smiling down into my face. Unexpectedly, Michael then moved his mouth back to my pussy, his fingers, moist from fucking my cunt, starting to work my asshole as he finally focused his tongue on my clit, stroking and sucking. Gazing into Nat's face, seeing her arousal, was too much to bear and I screamed when I came -- the orgasm overtook my senses, wracking my body. 

Nat started kissing me, stroking the hair off my sweaty face and I became aware that Michael was taking his clothes off, that his thick erect cock was out and springing in front of him. Nat grinned, her hand wandering down to my hot tingling pussy, her fingers touching my swollen clit. 

"Princess is going to get fucked hard," she said, spreading my labia and vulva wide for Michael, who grabbed my ass in both hands, swinging my helpless body towards him and skewering me onto his cock. 

"Oh god," I yelped, squirming, as he drove his wide cock right in. I have a very small pussy, even when wet I often need slow entry, so this punishment, although pleasurable, made me squeal and struggle against his huge body. I became aware of how helpless I was, hanging suspended from the ceiling and bound, at the mercy of this massive man with his huge cock. He pulled out his cock, I saw it glistening with my cunt honey as he thrust back in, groaning as he ground his pubic bone against mine, finally in as deep as he could get. 

"Fuck, you are so tight, little girl," he moaned, grabbing at my breasts. "Are you a virgin?"

I blushed, unable to respond as he pounded back in, hard. 

Nat said, "This is her first cock," which wasn't true but Michael didn't know and his eyes widened as he grabbed my hips, drilling into me. 

"You like my cock?" he asked and I nodded, gasping and he kept banging relentlessly, grabbing my ankles and bringing my legs higher. I felt another orgasm building, the delicious pressure mounting as this huge thick cock slammed into me repeatedly. I could feel every vein, the bulky head, everything -- and it was then I had my first G-spot orgasm, gasping and wailing as he ground into my well-fucked hole. I opened my eyes to see Nat, with the two other men, staring at me, as Michael continued hammering me.  

The other men -- I think their names were Adam and Brad -- watched as Nat came over, grabbing one of my breasts and planting a hard kiss on my mouth. I felt my pussy get even wetter as Michael's cock pummelled it, looking at the two men watching me get fucked. Nat bought her hand down to my open legs, playing with my clit as Michael fucked me and I moaned with pleasure. She gagged me with a hard kiss, her tongue exploring my mouth and then I started to come again, moaning into her mouth. With a groan, Michael came, pumping hard and he staggered away, leaving Nat there to lick my swollen hot pussy, eating his cum and running her tongue around my aching cunt. I moaned, enjoying her beautiful mouth, my pussy flooding with excitement. She kissed her way up my stomach, her fingers rubbing my clit as she paused at my breasts, kissing them gently. 

"Does Princess want more cock?" she asked and I couldn't believe what she was asking me. I looked from her sparkling wide brown eyes over to the two tall men, who were visibly aroused and watching closely. 

Not quite believing what I was saying, I responded, "Yes..." and it sounded like a plea.

Natalie looked pleased; she turned to the men and said, "You heard her...you may play with my Princess. Don't you hurt her though..."

The men stripped and walked over, cocks erect and out. I held my breath, eyeing them. Adam was taller, blond, slimmer build. His cock was longer and thin, pointing out sharply in front of him. He was completely hairless and he looked like he spent a lot of time in the gym and at the beach -- or solarium. Brad was much more my type -- dark brown, almost black hair, messily styled, deep dark melting eyes, handsome broad face, more muscular frame, thick neck and shoulders. Brad went to my face, kissing my mouth and fondling my breasts as Adam opened my legs, his mouth on my pussy as he held them open. I gasped and Brad gazed into my face, enjoying himself as he watched what his friend was doing. Then he asked if I wanted to suck it and I said yes -- eagerly licking his cock before he sat on my face, straddling my throat as he face-fucked me, his cock slipping easily past my gag reflex down my throat. 

I always found a deep blow job easy, but in this sex swing, with my head dipping back, it was even easier as I was able to be upside down, eating that huge cock and plunging it right into my throat. Brad groaned, grabbing two handfuls of my hair, bunching them at my ears like pigtails. I loved giving head and wetness surged into my overstimulated pussy -- tremors violently erupting as a long orgasm commenced. I moaned around the cock, my pussy and hips bucking into Adam's face. Feeling my orgasm, Adam moved his hips between my legs, opening them wide and then, with more care than Michael, my 'deflowerer', he inserted his long thin rod. I opened my eyes, seeing Brad looking down at me, his face hot with ecstasy and then I jerked my head across to look at Nat, who was sitting on the edge of the bed, still fully dressed, with her panties pulled aside and her long fingers playing with her bare waxed pussy. Turned on by this sight, I watched as Adam started fucking my pussy in earnest now. 

"Put it in her ass," Nat commanded Brad and he withdrew his cock from my mouth, lifting me up into a kind of seated position, pushing me face first into Adam, opening my ass cheeks and spitting on his finger. He opened me up a little with his wet finger before pressing his large head into my ass. I moaned, squirming, as the head forced it's way in, feeling every millimetre of his cock as it entered, filling me. Adam had slowed his thrusts, to allow Brad entry and then, the two found rhythm and commenced, both easing in more. The feeling of being filled by two hot eager cocks was incredible; I could feel the two cocks working in unison -- helpless, I was sandwiched in between two tall men fucking me hard. I felt Brad's hands squeeze my breasts as Adam held my hips, pulling me onto his cock and I was making all kinds of moans and squeals, I could feel the most amazing orgasm building. Orgasms with anal stimulation were always mindblowing; but this one was extra special -- it hit me hard and I felt like it was tearing me apart, the pleasure was so strong it almost became unbearable. My bound hands balled up into small fists and I screamed, burying my face into Adam's shoulder and biting down into his flesh hard. This was enough to push him over the edge and with a moan, he finished with a hard pump, pulling away and leaving Brad and I to fuck alone.

Brad pulled out of my ass and walked around to my front, re-entering. "I want to watch your beautiful face as I fuck your ass," he said and I tingled, watching his muscles as he thrust his cock into my ass. I could now see my glistening swollen pussy above his huge dick pounding in and out and I begged him to rub my clit. He obliged, his large calloused thumb applying wonderful pressure and speed, matching his thrusts. I moaned, loving the feeling of being fucked in the ass. My high sex drive was being satisfied and I was so close to coming again, my pussy was so engorged and wet. My breasts jiggled hard with each thrust and I looked over to Nat, who was still masturbating hard, looking like she was coming again herself. The next orgasm rolled over me hard and he came at the same time, shouting out my name, and dazed, I stared up at him, covered in sweat and finally exhausted. "You're something else," he said, staring at my body and kissing me hungrily. He stared into my eyes as he stroked my hair and pulling out of my ass. He stepped away, breathing hard, as Nat walked over, dismissing him with a flick of her hand. He nodded, reluctant. They seemed to have an agreement.

Now Nat stood between my parted legs, grinning down at my well-fucked holes. 

"Shall I let you down, Princess?" she asked teasingly. "Or is the fun just beginning?"