 Once again, my thanks to Kirk2004 for his editing expertise. Couldn't do it without you "Kirk"

In "Private Desires" I told a story of two couples who met online and eventually in person to share an incredibly erotic adventure. This story can be read on its own as it is another encounter the foursome had, but I do encourage you to go back and enjoy the beginning as well. 

Laura and Gil had remained in constant contact with Beth and Joe after having such an exciting evening with them. They couldn't wait to meet with them again and to continue their exploration into their fantasies. Laura and Beth spoke on the phone frequently, finding it very easy to spend excessive amounts of time just talking. It seemed as though they had known each other forever and conversation continued to come easily. 

Laura often tried to maneuver the conversation to topics of passion, but Beth would always manipulate the discussion to more normal topics. Prior to their first meeting Beth had made it clear that their involvement had some limitations. Beth and Joe had decided, mutually, that neither would have intercourse with anyone other than each other. This was understood by Laura and Gil, but there were still many other fantasies that could be explored. Right now Laura desperately wanted to find out what she had done wrong during their first encounter that would have prevented Beth from allowing her to taste her, experience her fully as she had fantasized doing. 

Many times during their love making Laura and Gil would reminisce of the evening with Beth and Joe. Gil would tell Laura how much it had excited him to watch her sucking Joe's cock. He found it so erotic to watch her lips sliding over his shaft as Beth's lips were exploring her depths. 

A date was finally set for the two couples to get together again. This time though, they didn't want such a limited amount of time - one evening was not nearly enough. Gil was away on business so it was decided that Laura would fly to Beth and Joe's hometown of San Francisco. The next day the three would travel on to LA to meet up with Gil. 

Laura arranged to fly in the night before they were to leave for LA so that she and Beth could have the next day together while Joe was working. Laura had told Gil in such detail what her hope was for that day. She imagined the two of them exploring the city a little then returning to her hotel to relax a bit and wait for Joe's arrival. It was there in the hotel room that Laura hoped that she could seduce Beth. She knew that she was new at this feminine seduction but considering the fact that Beth was strongly bi she allowed herself to imagine the two of them falling into a kiss, massaging each inch of the others body, and finally to experience her first taste of a woman. 

Well, Beth arrived right on time. They did explore the city a bit, had a nice lunch on the wharf, and then Beth told Laura that there was a shop she wanted to show her. The afternoon was escaping Laura and she was losing hope that her plans would come to fruition. 

Beth took Laura by the hand leading her into a building. They got on the elevator, went a couple of floors Beth again took Laura's hand and led her down a short hallway to a shop. This was an adult store unlike any one that Laura had ever seen before. It was very classy and the staff was very open in their explanations of the various "toys". In great detail they would explain how to use each item. Each of the staff members and the people within the store truly loved sex. There was no shame in being here or making a purchase that would either excite the buyer or her partner. 

There were beautiful crystal dildos, cock rings, double ended dildos, and vibrators which were designed to arouse numerous erogenous zones at the same time. Laura felt herself getting so wet as she and Beth tried many different toys - holding them to each others neck or breast to feel the intensity of the stimulation. Laura and Beth each selected a new toy and agreed that it was time to relax a bit before Joe returned from work. Finally Laura thought. She knew how aroused she had become, and she only hoped that Beth was feeling the same. 

The girls returned to Laura's room and collapsed into chairs to relax for a bit. Laura wanted so much to approach Beth, but she was finding it so much more difficult to seduce a woman than she had imagined. She got up to pour them each a glass of wine, hoping that this would relax them both. As she approached Beth with a glass, Beth's cell phone rang. After a brief conversation that was obviously with Joe Beth announced that he was just five minutes away - he had ended work early so we could make our way out of the city before rush hour. 

Laura was both disappointed and excited. She had so hoped that she and Beth could share an erotic afternoon together, but at the same time she could not wait to see Gil. She had really wanted to have an exciting story to share with him; she knew how it would excite him. 

Laura, Beth, and Joe had an uneventful ride to LA. By 7:00 p.m. they were knocking at the door of Gil's suite. He greeted Beth and Joe with a kiss and a hand shake respectively and then took Laura into his arms and kissed her passionately. After being away from her for several days on business, he was ravenous with desire for her and excited for the evening to come. 

This time they had a whole weekend to look forward to so they had time to relax, share a meal together, and allow the evening to unfold. 

After having a cocktail in the room and catching up a bit since their last meeting, they decided it was time to go out and have a nice dinner. They inquired with the concierge for a restaurant recommendation. After glancing at the way Beth and Laura were dressed, he suggested a romantic Italian restaurant only a few blocks away, clearly within walking distance. 

Beth and Laura both had chosen their outfits carefully. Beth had on a short wool skirt in light pastels with a form fitting sweater in the palest shade of blue. The sweater clung to her ample breasts and yet was delicate enough to allow her hardening nipples to be visible. Laura's outfit was one that Gil loved. She wore a very short black leather skirt and a shirt of black lace. Although it didn't show a lot of cleavage, her breasts were clearly visible through the fine lace. Gil loved watching as men tried to nonchalantly catch glimpses of her. It excited Gil to know that the woman he loved excited other men as well. 

They stepped out into the coolness of the night air, enjoying the walk, enjoying being together again, but most of all feeling the excitement of what was yet to come. 

They had a delicious meal, enjoying the ambiance of the dimly lit restaurant. The table that they had been seated at was in the far corner of the room. There was a bench seat across the wall and two chairs facing that seat. The guys, both being six foot plus, claimed the chairs while the ladies slid in next to each other on the bench. As the wine and cocktails were consumed, the conversation drifted back to the last night that they had been together. 

Gil once again complimented Laura and Beth on how beautiful they both looked. He was so charming and yet Laura didn't miss that playful little smile on his face. She knew he was up to something. 

Gil said to Beth, "I know what Laura isn't wearing under her skirt. How about you, Beth? Do you have panties on?" 

Laura took the cue and quickly slid her hand to Beth's leg. Beth immediately looked over to Laura as her hand slid up and under the hem of her skirt. 

While looking Beth right in the eyes, she was clearly talking to Gil when she said, "All I can find here is warmth and the softest skin you can imagine" 

Clearly the four were ready to continue their evening back at the suite. 

When they arrived back at the room, they could barely get the key in the door and closed before each couple was kissing passionately and removing the others clothes. They were all consumed with lust and desire to take up where they had left off. They quickly moved to the couch where Laura positioned herself between Gil's legs. She looked into his eyes while extending her tongue to catch the precum that had pooled there. 

Beth and Joe were sitting next to Gil on the couch and engrossed in their kissing. Joe's hands moved to Beth's soft mound and began exploring her. His lips moved to her breasts - he took each one in his mouth sucking deeply on her erect nipples. 

Laura could hear Beth's moans. She took Gil's cock from her mouth and began licking and sucking on his balls so that she could watch Joe bringing Beth to full arousal. 

Laura slid up Gil's body placing kisses every inch of the way. She took his nipples between her lips and sucked them as Joe was sucking on Beth's. She moved further up his body to the softness of his neck. She kissed and sucked on his neck and then placed her lips at his ear and whispered, "Are you ready my love?" 

Gil knew what Laura was about to do and it excited him beyond words to watch her explore a fantasy that they had so often shared during their lovemaking. 

Laura placed her soft, warm hands on Beth's shoulders and moved them down to her breasts. Joe could see what Laura was about to do and moved aside slightly to give her complete access to Beth. She leaned down and took Beth's very erect nipple between her lips and sucked tenderly - running her tongue all over the soft textures of her arousal. 

Laura placed her hand on Beth's legs to open them more fully to her. She then positioned herself on her knees between Beth's legs and ran her hands very slowly from her neck across her breasts, down her belly, and finally to rest at her hips. She massaged there while placing her lips and tongue to the juncture of her legs. She was not to be stopped this time. 

She moved her thumbs down and very gently opened Beth's lips, which from Laura's vantage point reminded her of soft petals on a rose. Laura sat for a moment just taking in the beauty of her body. She then moved her tongue to Beth's exposed clit and began to explore it as she so loved being explored herself. 

Gil was transfixed just watching Laura give such pleasure to Beth. He watched as she so passionately, yet naturally, explored every inch of Beth's pussy. He could be an observer no more. He joined Laura on the floor, kneeling beside her. He began running his hands all over her body, penetrating her wet pussy with his fingers while nibbling gently and kissing across her shoulder blades. She just loved how he did this. She could feel it through the haze of her passion and it inspired her to delve deeper into the warmth of Beth's pussy. She found her tongue plunging into her warmth and was rewarded with the sweetest of juices. Laura could feel Beth's body contracting around her tongue - kissing it in a way. 

As Laura felt Gil's fingers pinch her nipples, she stopped for a moment to look into Beth's eyes. She found her head back against the couch, obviously off in that other place that we go to when we're receiving such pleasure. Laura once again placed her tongue to Beth's clit and circled it over and over again. She carefully placed a finger inside of her pussy while never leaving her clit. She could feel the contractions of her vagina around her finger and knew she was close to orgasm. She could hear her moans of approval. She placed the second finger inside of her curling them up and rubbing the ribbed flesh of her G-spot as her tongue continued its dance. And then, Beth's legs clamped around Laura's body, her hips thrust once more to her lips and she let out the most beautiful series of moans. It was a moment which Laura will never forget. 

Gil took Laura into his arms and kissed her so passionately. He was so aroused by what he had just witnessed. Sure, he had seen porn films and watched women experience oral sex before, but this was very different. He was living out a fantasy with his Laura; that made this very different. 

Laura returned her attention to Beth. She rubbed her hands over her legs, gently massaging the sweet juices of her orgasm into her soft skin and looked at her for approval. All Beth could do was let a puff of a sigh escape from her lips. She reached for Laura's face, held it, and very softly said, "Thank you."

Gil suggested that they would all be much more comfortable in on the bed. The four laid there kissing and running their hands over each other. Gil still couldn't believe what he had witnessed; his desire for Laura was overflowing and immediate. As Laura slithered her body down Gil's, she noticed that Joe was moving Beth to her knees on the bed. Obviously, this was a favorite position for them. 

Laura ran her tongue along Gil's thighs, over his balls, sucking each into her mouth. She watched Beth and Joe as she allowed her tongue to travel the length of Gil's cock. She couldn't wait to taste him, and she knew that with what he had just witnessed, what he was watching now, the moans filling the room, the sounds of Joe's cock penetrating Beth, this would not take long. 

Laura took his full length into her mouth. She encircled his cock with her tongue, sucking deeply. She craved for the gift of his orgasm. Laura could feel his cock twitching, could feel his body tensing, and knew he was about to climax. She opened her eyes to enjoy that look of total release and pleasure on his face. His fingers wrapped through her hair, his head turned to the side, a low groan escaped his lips, and his cum exploded into Laura's mouth. Laura watched Joe thrust hard into Beth as Gil's moan filled the room and her moans of pleasure joined his. Laura savored every last drop of Gil's cum, gently licking his length not wanting to miss a drop. 

Now it was Laura's turn. Obviously, it would take some time for Gil to be ready to make love. There was that "limitation" that Beth and Joe had so having him was out of the question. Any of the three could have brought Laura pleasure orally, but Beth had another idea. She left the room. Gil and Joe wasted no time, they immediately started kissing, massaging, nibbling, and sucking every part of Laura imaginable. Joe was paying special attention to Laura's pussy. His fingers were exploring her deeply when Beth returned with a very large rubber dildo. 

"We call him Hercules," she said.

We all kind of laughed and Laura had a look of concern at the sheer size of this rubber phallus. 

"Oh, I forgot the lube - we'll need that," Beth said.

Joe removed his fingers from Laura. He held them up for Gil and Beth to see her wetness; then he sensuously sucked his fingers into his mouth capturing her nectar. 

"Lube won't be necessary, she is so wet."

Laura laid there as Beth began sucking on her nipples. Gil placed the dildo at Laura's opening and very slowly began to enter her with it. He was being gentle and loving not knowing if she could handle the size of it without hurting her. Joe was massaging Laura's legs, sucking on her toes. Gil pushed a little harder and felt the bulbous head of this rubber cock enter Laura. Laura moaned and pushed her hips up to allow more length to penetrate her. Soon Gil had this phallus moving in and out of Laura at a nice pace. 

Judging by Laura's moans and the look of pleasure on her face he knew her body was accommodating it quite nicely. Joe moved from Laura's toes to sit at her hips to watch as "Hercules" disappeared again and again inside of her. The wetness all over it made it obvious to all that it was pleasing Laura. 

Joe put his fingers on Laura clit and started rubbing her as Gil continued the penetrations. Beth was busily sucking and pinching Laura's nipples. Laura's breathing became quick and shallow. This change was not lost on any of the three - they knew her orgasm was approaching quickly. 

Laura's feet dug into the bed, she lifted her hips, her belly tightened and she let out a rolling moan of total release. As Laura returned after this intense orgasm Gil leaned down and kissed her so passionately saying, "Did that feel good baby?" 

Just a nod of her head was all she could manage at the time. 

Joe suggested a night cap before turning in for the night. The four sat on the couch all cuddled up just enjoying the afterglow of their shared experience. Soon each couple retreated to their beds for a good nights sleep; after all, we still had a day and a half to go. 

Each couple had a peaceful nights sleep all cuddled up in the warmth of the other. Laura awoke to the feeling of Gil's warm hands rubbing her breasts. She opened her eyes and saw him lying on his side facing her, head propped on his hand just watching her slumber. She reached up and tenderly kissed his lips. He gently pushed her to the pillow and kissed her passionately. Laura could feel his hard cock pressing into her leg. She just loved to start her day by making love with him. 

Gil rolled onto his back and held out his arms to Laura inviting her to him. She threw her leg over his hips and held his hardness in the warmth of her hands. She ran his cock up and down her pussy, paying special attention to her clit, just awakening her flesh. It always amazed Gil how tight Laura was after sleeping. Even after "Hercules" last night, her warmth just enveloped him as she descended upon him. 

Their lovemaking was soft and gentle and loving. Gil massaged her breasts with one hand while he rubbed her clit with the other. She lowered her body to his chest. He wrapped his arms around her and they kissed as their mutual orgasms seared through their bodies. What a way to start your day!

Laura and Gil were sure that they could hear stirring from Beth and Joe's adjoining bedroom so they decided they should get up, shower, and prepare for their day. As Laura adjusted the shower's temperature, Gil stood behind her taking in the softness and beauty of her body. He couldn't help but reach out and run his hand down her back and over her buns. 

She turned and smiled at him saying, "You have quite an appetite there Big Boy." 

Just then the phone rang and Gil said, "You go ahead and get started. I'll be there in two seconds to join you."

Gil took the call and was shocked to hear that something had gone terribly wrong with the deal he'd been working on all week. He had to get back to the home office and try to salvage things before the whole thing fell apart; there was too much riding on this one. He hated to disappoint Laura. 

Gil joined Laura in the shower and wrapped his arms around her holding her close. She looked up into his eyes and could se he was deeply troubled. 

"Who was on the phone love?" 

He explained in as much detail as he knew at the moment and told her how terribly sorry he was to cut the weekend short. 

"I know how much you've been looking forward to this weekend. Why don't you stay the rest of the weekend with Beth and Joe?" 

Laura couldn't believe what he was suggesting. 

"They wouldn't want me to stay without you." 

Gil was quite sure that the three of them would have a great time together and he found that his cock was getting harder by the second just thinking of what might happen while he was gone. He reassured Laura that if Beth and Joe didn't mind, which he was sure they wouldn't, that he would be so excited for her to tell him what happened when she returned.

Over breakfast Gil explained to Beth and Joe what had happened and how imperative it was for him to return. He suggested that if they wouldn't mind Laura would rather spend the remainder of the weekend with them as planned rather than spend the time alone while he was busy at the office. They could see the look of disappointment on Laura's face that Gil had to leave. 

Joe looked at Beth and immediately piped in, "Of course we'd love for you to stay with us." 

Beth was quick to agree and with that Laura perked up a bit. 
