 Priss. Sweet, dirty Priss...

You're on your knees, again, unfastening the buckle of my belt. Your hand runs along the bulbous outline in my pants and then into the fly where your skin touches my warm, hard shaft. You pull it out and devour it immediately. 

I watch you, as your mouth stretches open. Soft moans escape the back of your throat as you begin slapping the purple head against your out-stretched tongue.

"Mmmuh," you say.

"Good girl," is my only response. 

You love sucking on my cock—slapping it against your cheek and smearing it's saliva-covered tip against your lips and nose and chin. Sometimes when I watch you, desperately licking me—your hungry, horny little mouth, milking at my balls—I can't help but think you just a whore. Any cock would suit you right now. When you show me the depths of your true, slutty self, I can see it—in your eyes—any cock would do you just fine.

You pull your mouth off my cock and look up at me—breathless and with mascara streaks, tearing from the corners of your eyes—you speak:

"I had a dream last night...it made me feel so dirty..."

"Tell me about it," I say. And begin to stroke off.

"You took me to a bar and we were talking in a group, with some of my friends, when you started kissing me and grabbing my ass in front of everybody. And it was getting me so hot, and I started rubbing at your cock through your pants..."

You're excitement is too much...You dive back in and suck at the head of my cock for a few seconds, before coming back up for air...

"And I wanted your cock in my mouth so badly," you say. "So, I whispered to you and I told you to take me downstairs into the guy's washroom. And then you smiled and you took my hand and lead me through this crowd of all these guys, who I knew had been watching us kiss and who saw you rub my ass and my pussy was so wet, Chis. It was so fucking wet."

"Oh fuck," I said and pushed your head down, my cock sliding all the way into your throat until you gagged and, again, came back up for air.

"And so you took me into one of the stalls and when we came in there were guys at the urinals, pissing, and they saw me in there, as you lead me into the stall And I saw them look at me, and in their eyes I knew they thought I was a slut. But I didn't care anymore. I just wanted to get on my knees and suck you into my mouth. And so, you shove me down on my knees and you pull out your cock and you feed it to me and I start sucking on it, and it feels so good—so hot and big in my throat—ohhh..."

Again, you dive into my lap, licking along the shaft for a few seconds, before returning to your story...

"And you start thrusting so that you're fucking my mouth and you have your fist wrapped around my hair and you're whispering to me and telling me I'm a dirty little whore who sucks cock in the guy's washroom. And you tell me that you're going to turn me around and fuck me in every hole... And all of a sudden we look up and we see that the two guys from the urinal are standing on the toilet of the stall next to us, and they've been watching the whole thing...They've seen me suck your big cock like a dirty little whore and it scares me so much. It makes me so embarrassed and at the same time—but then you grab my head and force your cock back into my mouth and after a few seconds of it in my mouth, I know I can't resist it. I want you to fuck me in front of them."


You stop and climb forward, up off your knees on the carpet until you're straddling me on the couch. You reach down and grab my shaft and then start rubbing the head of my cock into your pussy lips, making circles with it at the gaping mouth of your tiny hole. I suck on your beautiful, little tits as you thrust downward, impaling yourself on my cock. You grunt.

"Oh fuck," and continue your story at a fevered, breathless pace.

"Then you turn me around and spread my ass cheeks open so that the guys above us can see everything, and you start talking to them—telling them what a filthy slut I am. And you show them my asshole and ask them how much they would give you if you let them shove their dicks inside me. And I feel like such a whore and then one guy says. 'I'll give you fifty bucks.' And that's when you tell me to close my eyes. And I do. My ass is in the air and my eyes are closed and you unlock the stall door and I can only hear you, behind me, and you're whispering to each other. One guy says my hole is so fucking pink and tells you how much he'd love to lick it and you tell him to go right ahead. And suddenly I feel four or five different hands on me. Spreading my ass cheeks open and reaching up to play with my tits. And then there's a tongue and their licking at my pussy and it feels so good. But then I smell something in front of me. It's musky and sweet. And suddenly I feel the head of a cock pushing against my lips and I know it isn't yours, but I open my mouth anyways and it slides right into my throat and then fingers start sliding into my ass and before I know it, there's a huge cock pounding at me, and hands holding onto my hips and all three of you are trying to fuck me as hard as you can—in my mouth, and my pussy and my ass..."

At that point, you're speechless, grinding at my cock with total abandon... I rub the front of your clit as you let go of my shoulders and lean back. You're on the mechanical bull, now, riding hard just to keep your balance. I buck up against you, pumping every inch of myself in and out of your steamy hole until you start moaning—moaning like a filthy hussy—until you grunt and cum. Waves ripple through your sweaty body...

In your imagination, you're being gang-banged by me and two strangers. You're on your knees, being passed around a bathroom like a piece of meat. You're bent over, ass spread high in the air and getting jack-hammered by a very fat cock. 

I shove my fingers into your mouth, and then slide the index finger of my other hand into your slippery anus. Your holes are filled now. You suck hungrily at my fingers and start screaming with your mouth full...

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, Chris. Fuck me, fuck me."

I gab your ass and lift you in the air, pumping up into you then fall backonto the couch—when we land, your pussy is filled with my cock... deeper and harder than it's ever been filled. You squeal like a little pig and I say so"

"You fucking little cock pig," I say. "You horny little fucking sow."

You cum again and again.

Your pussy leaks wet and white, as you collapse on top of me, breathing heavy.

You're my little angel. You're my little whore. I kiss you and then push you back down to your knees. 

"You want to be a little whore?" I ask.

Between breaths and soft little moans of abandon and joy, you say "Yes."

"Yes, I want to be a whore."

I slap my wet cock—covered with your juice—against your mouth and tell you: "Then you better start sucking."

Your eyes close and you open your mouth...

You take me in, sucking with sloppy, sweaty abandon.

You are in heaven.