 (Special thanks to Kirk2004 for editing this story. I'm a firm believer that our "firsts" in life, even writing erotica, should be special.)

The time was right, the couple had planned, and prepared for this special "reunion" weekend. After having had many discussions following their intimate encounters with Beth and Joe, Laura and Gil were continually drawn back to the nights of passion they had shared with them. 

The two couples had met online via one of the swinging sites. The couples spoke on the phone at great length many times. They were learning more about each other, their desires, their fantasies, and their limitations. 

Gil and Laura were drawn to this couple for many reasons. The first being Beth's admission of being bi-sexual. This had been an ongoing fantasy for both Laura and Gil. For Laura, she had often wondered what it would be like to feel the soft touch of another woman, to smell her femininity, feel the familiar yet unknown contours of another woman's body. And for Gil, his fantasy was, as it is for many men, to watch his love unleash the passion with which he is so familiar on another woman. 

He dreamed of just sitting back and watching as they caress each others bodies, running their lips and tongues first over each others lips, then to that sensitive skin of the neck, and eventually discovering the textures, scent, and delicious taste of their arousal. 

Their first meeting was comfortable, casual, easy conversation with an undertone of desire in each of their eyes for the possibilities of the night to come. After their romantic meal, purposely light, was complete, the foursome left the French restaurant in agreement to go to an adult club that Beth and Joe frequented, and at the very least share a dance and a cocktail or two. 

The club was upscale, dimly lit, with several couples already relaxed, dancing and sharing laughter over a drink. As the club filled with more couples, the lights dimmed further and the room was consumed with deeper, more sensual sounding music. The four were drawn to the dance floor. Each couple danced with their own partner, yet there was little room separating the two couples on the floor; a poll separated them. Gil and Joe maneuvered their ladies to the poll. 

Beth and Laura's backs were suddenly pressed up against one another and instantly Beth's hand moved around and began caressing the skin exposed on Laura's leg. The sensation was instantaneous for Laura - all of her expectations were at hand, quite literally. She melted into Gil's arms and into Beth's back. She closed her eyes and luxuriated in the feeling of this new, soft stimulation. Beth's hand continued to rub and massage and move higher. 

Laura was instantly drawn to reach around Beth and touch her similarly. She never thought much about what other women felt like, but her skin felt slightly different than her own. She explored further. The music continued and both men just looked into their ladies eyes and knew that they had both crossed a threshold which would not be satisfied with just a dance. 

Gil leaned his body into Laura's. She opened her eyes as she felt the hardness of his desire press into her. Joe reached around Beth and began caressing Laura as well. She was now consumed with lust as these hands were exploring her most intimate and sensitive regions. 

Gil whispered to Laura, "You have me so aroused, baby. I want to explore our fantasies together." 

Laura turned to Beth, kissed the softness of her neck and whispered, "I want you." 

Beth simply extended her hand to Laura and led the four to a private room in the darkened depths of the club. 

The room was bathed in softened light - pillows and soft linens covered the bed. Sensing Laura's desire, and apprehension in this new situation, Beth softly slid her hands over Laura's arms allowing them to travel slowly to her waist, over her hips, and around to the soft roundness of her ass. 

Gil could hardly control his urge to simply take Laura's clothes off quickly, as he had done so many times before, and allow Beth to devour her with the passion he saw in her eyes, but he restrained himself and allowed Beth to heighten Laura's arousal with this slow, sensual, feminine seduction. 

Beth slowly undid each of the buttons on Laura's blouse, trailing kisses from the first glimpse of soft skin, through her cleavage, and across her belly. Beth unzipped Laura's skirt and allowed it to fall to the floor. 

Laura now stood before them in just her sheer black lace bra, panties, and black thigh highs. Beth could wait no longer. She tenderly lowered Laura to the bed. This was obviously Laura's night to be the center of attention. Gil and Joe quickly undressed and lay on either side of Beth and Laura. 

As Beth continued to seduce Laura, Gil and Joe joined in the seduction. Gil kissed Laura with all of the passion he was feeling. His kiss heightened her arousal. He moved his lips to her breasts and sucked on her very erect nipples. Laura's soft moans were filling the room, her eyes were closed, and she was feeling overwhelmed with the sensations covering her entire body. 

Joe began running his hands down Laura's legs, gently rolling down the hosiery and removing them. As Beth was running her hands and lips all over Laura's body, Joe was taking her feet into his hands, rubbing, massaging, then slipping each of her toes into his mouth and sucking on them. As each foot had been completed, he bent her knee and placed her leg on the soft sheets - opening her fully to Beth's kisses. 

Beth was finally approaching Laura's very wet pussy when suddenly she stopped. 

Laura looked up and said, "Please don't stop, Beth." 

She simply said "I'll be right back."

As she slipped from the room, Gil ran his hand down Laura's belly and directly to her beautifully trimmed, baby soft mound. As he slipped his finger between her lips, he felt the intensity of her arousal; she was so very wet. He pressed his cock to her leg allowing her to feel how excited he was to be finally exploring the fantasies that up till now had just been fantasy. As he rubbed her clit and listened to her soft mewing, he looked at Joe and said, "I want to watch Laura suck your cock." 

Joe knelt on the bed and brought his hard cock to Laura's lips. She immediately opened her mouth and surrounded his engorged head with her lips - swirling her tongue around the ridge, tasting his sweet pre-cum. She took more and more of his cock into her mouth. 

Gil was beside himself with excitement watching Laura do to Joe what he so loved her doing to him. He had imagined this moment, but wasn't absolutely sure how he would feel if it ever happened. But now as he laid watching Laura devour every inch of Joe's cock, he found it to be every bit as exciting as he had imagined. No jealousy, no doubt that when this night was over their love would be as steadfast and strong as ever. 

Laura was so engrossed in running her tongue and lips all over Joe's cock and Gil's passionate attention to her pussy, that she didn't hear Beth reenter the room. Beth immediately started where she had left off. She parted Laura's pussy lips with her fingers and ran her tongue from her entrance to her erect clit. Laura moaned onto Joe's cock as she continued to suck wildly on his sensitive shaft. Gil caressed Laura's breasts, taking each into his mouth sucking, nibbling, and not for a moment taking his eyes from alternately watching Beth and then watching Laura devouring Joe's cock. 

Laura was now lifting her hips to Beth's lips, wanting more, craving her tongue to explore her deeper. Laura could feel her orgasm building. 

She took Joe from her lips for a moment, their eyes met and she said, "I want you to cum in my mouth, Joe - cum with me." 

Gil quickly cupped Laura's face in his hand and kissed her passionately. Laura took as much of Joe's length as she comfortably could into her mouth. She swirled her tongue around him, allowing her tongue to travel up the sensitive back side of his cock from bottom to top. She gently placed her hands on his balls and felt them growing tighter. She massaged them lightly. Again she pushed her hips up to meet Beth's lips. Beth knew her orgasm was close; she curled her fingers up inside of Laura and began rubbing her G-spot as she circled her clit feverishly with her tongue. Gil watched as a series of short breaths escaped Laura, then her body tensed and shook as her orgasm washed through her body. Watching this release of passion sent Joe right over the edge. He exploded into Laura's waiting mouth. 

Gil's passion was beyond peak. He had to have Laura now. He engulfed her in his arms, kissing her wildly. Laura needed to feel his cock deep inside of her. She lifted her leg over him and straddled his body. She held his cock in her hand and slid it up and down the wetness of her pussy, paying special attention to her sensitive clit. She held him at her entrance and slowly slid down, allowing him to penetrate her fully. Gil cupped her breasts in his soft hands, reaching up and taking each nipple into his mouth. 

Laura was on fire. She began to ride him quickly - rocking her hips. She placed her hands on his thighs and leaned back allowing his cock to explore her depths. Laura leaned forward then making the base of his cock rub her clit. They were as one, and the passion that had filled their night was reaching its crescendo. As Gil thrust into Laura one final time, the release of his warm cum ignited her orgasm. Laura laid across Gil's chest completely satiated, basking in the warmth of his hands wrapped around her, caressing her, holding her close. 

They had been so engrossed in their lovemaking that they had not seen Beth and Joe watching them. The passion that they were witnessing had Joe at full arousal again, and poor Beth was yet to have her first orgasm. 

As Gil and Laura calmed from their passion, they heard Beth moaning deeply. Laura rolled off of Gil and laid with him spoon fashion watching Beth and Joe as he lifted her legs and spread them to either side of his hips. Laura began running her hands over Beth's breasts, experiencing for the first time what she had only imagined in her fantasies. 

Joe's cock was very erect. He teased her by holding it to her opening allowing just the tip to touch her wet pussy lips. As he smoothly entered her, Laura simultaneously took Beth's nipple into her mouth. The textures of her hardened nipples and the ridges and bumps of her areolas were intoxicating to her lips and tongue. She continued to suck her passionately as Joe thrust over and over again into her. 

The sound of his balls just slapping against her body had Laura and Gil so excited. Gil wrapped his arms around Laura and massaged her breasts and pussy. Laura had to stop sucking on Beth's nipples momentarily just to watch his full and complete penetration. The sounds of their lustful exhibition was breathtaking - their moans, the slapping of his balls, the wetness of his cock reentering her over and over again. Laura had to be a part of this dance. She placed her leg over Joe's back and ran it down his back and over his ass just feeling the strength and passion of his penetration. 

The depth of Beth's moans now told Laura that she was getting very close to her climax. She returned her lips to Beth's breasts and sucked them deeply into her mouth, gently nibbling on the nipples as she felt Beth's body begin to spasm. Joe plunged in yet again, then held perfectly still as Beth's pussy clenched around him. He threw his head back, closed his eyes, and a low guttural release came from his lips. As he felt the last drops of his cum leave his cock, he withdrew, held his cock to Beth's clit, and spanked it gently with the remaining hardness there. 

The foursome lay talking quietly, rubbing their hands over each other, enjoying the peace that ran through their bodies. The two couples collected themselves, got dressed, and decided that a night cap back at Gil and Laura's hotel room might be the perfect end to the evening. As they walked back to the hotel, the coolness of the air and the lights from the city began to give them renewed energy. 

Once back in the room, Gil prepared drinks for everyone. The guys made themselves comfortable in the chairs while the ladies sat on the edge of the bed. They were just so comfortable together; it was as if they had known each other forever. Conversation came so easily, the guys dove right into an intense discussion on politics. Laura and Beth joined in for a bit then grew bored of the subject matter.

Beth said to Laura, "It's a little cold in here. Shall we get under the covers and warm up?"

Laura and Beth lied on their sides facing each other enjoying some "girl talk." 

As their bodies warmed and their conversation crept back to the club, Laura suddenly felt Beth's hand on her leg. As wonderful as their experience had been at the club, there was one thing that Laura desperately wanted yet. She had loved sucking on Beth's breasts, kissing her soft skin, but her ultimate fantasy was to taste the sweetness of another woman's pussy. There were times when she was kissing Gil that she would tilt her head and run her tongue through his lips just pretending that they were the warm folds of a woman. She had waited so long for this. 

As Laura felt Beth's fingers begin to touch her mound, she reached over and placed her hand right on Beth. She allowed her fingers to explore her. Amazing she thought how similar Beth's body felt to her own. Surprisingly, it felt very natural to Laura to run her fingers through Beth's pussy and enter her. Laura put a leg over Beth's leg. Beth could feel the heat and wetness there as she pressed her clit to her thigh. Beth's pussy was so wet, Laura was sure that the time was perfect. 

She looked up into Beth's eyes and said, "I want to taste you." 

As she slithered her body down Beth's leg so ready for this new experience, Beth stopped her and said "No, not tonight." 

Laura was stunned, "Why, please let me eat you." 

Again Beth said "No, not tonight." 

Laura complied but was so disappointed and very confused. Had she done something wrong? Did her touch not arouse Beth? She knew that Beth was strongly bi-sexual. Why would she say no? 

Gil and Joe had been watching from their chairs, loving being the audience to this show. Gil and Joe quickly took off their clothes, exposing their rigid cocks. They joined the ladies on the bed pulling the sheets fully off of them, exposing their now nude bodies. Each of the men kissed the ladies passionately. 

Joe rolled Beth over onto her belly, massaged down her back and legs, and then placed his hands on her hips and raised her to her knees. He kissed down her back and slipped his hand through her legs and began rubbing her pussy. He found such wetness there. She was obviously aroused. He was confused as well as to why she had refused Laura's request. He held his cock to her entrance, allowing just the head to enter, then held her hips and pushed the full length of his penis inside of her. A gasp of pleasure came from Beth. 

Laura and Gil watched for a few moments - running their hands all over each other. Laura took Gil's cock in her hand. She allowed the pre-cum that had pooled there to lubricate his shaft as she stroked his hardness. She positioned herself between his legs and began to kiss the insides of his thighs, running her tongue over his balls, sucking each into the warmth of her mouth. She held his cock and ran her tongue all the way up the sensitive vein, allowing her teeth to lightly graze at the most sensitive ridge beneath his head. His moans joined those of Beth's. 

Laura wrapped her lips around his head and sucked him into her mouth completely. She took him all the way in until he was touching the back of her throat and her nose was tickled by his soft hair. How he loved the way her warm mouth felt wrapped around his cock. Her tongue was working magic on him. 

Gil watched Joe thrusting deeply in and out of Beth as he felt the tightness and warmth of Laura's mouth. When he heard Beth and Joe cry out their release, he too gave himself to the warmth of Laura's mouth. She continued to lick and suck until every drop was gone, loving the sweet taste of him, loving the pleasure she saw on his face when she was done. 

It was a long drive home so Joe and Beth decided that they should call it a night. Before leaving, the four promised to get together soon. There were more fantasies to explore the next time.

This story is but the first time that Gil and Laura, Joe and Beth explored together. There were others which I'll retell another time. They all lead up to what we hope to be a reunion of a friendship that was so good, special - we thought, and a true adventure.