 Author's Note: Hi, this is my first story, ever. Rather than get straight to the sex, I have always preferred a good build-up.. for me it makes the whole thing worthwhile. Hope you like it!

-------------------------------------------

Chapter 1 - Discovery

They had been friends for years. They lived a suburb apart, they had been on many glorious and memorable weekends away and enjoyed many fabulous dinner parties together. Close as they were with each other, none of them could ever have imagined that by summer's end, their close and loving friendship would bring them all the kind of sensual delight and sexual fulfilment they had each only dreamed. 

Joe and Annabel's beach house was just a few hours' drive from the city, yet a million miles from city life. Situated on a hill overlooking a beautiful bay, at the very end of a long windy lane it shared with several other properties, it was their prized possession and the best thing they had ever spent their hard-earned money on. It also had one unique and wonderful jewel that turned this perfectly gorgeous property into the most magical and special place for Annabel and Joe. 

Not long after they had bought the place, Joe had spent a good few hours clearing an overgrown area at the base of the garden when he noticed a narrow, yet distinct path leading away the other side of the thick brush he had by now almost cleared. Though tired and thirsty from his labours, his curiosity was stronger and he trod down the last of the weeds and stepped onto a large flat stone that led to several more. After a few meters the stones stopped and the path narrowed. The undergrowth had evidently been left to invade this forgotten walkway yet still there was just enough room to move forward. He figured the direction he was walking was roughly parallel to the edge of the bay and had walked about 40 meters when it turned abruptly right and downhill towards the water. The undergrowth thickened further and the last few steps were quite a struggle, but then suddenly he emerged onto the most idyllic little beach he could ever imagine. Not more than 40-50 meters end-to-end, it was pristine and in Joe's eyes, quite perfect. He strolled to the other end of the beach and realised that there was no other way into it other than this path. Since the path came off his property, it was, in effect, their own little private beach. 

A huge smile stretched across his face and a thrill puffed his chest as he took in this awesome scene. A sudden urge to leap into the clear calm waters of the bay had him soon pulling off all of his clothes and wading into the shallow waters. When he got to chest deep he looked around and all he could see were trees and bay. The angle of the shoreline there was such that even his property closest to the beach was hidden around the corner and out of sight. He lay back and floated on the water, basking in the hot sunshine, enjoying the sensual feeling of cooling waters on his hot skin. He loved to swim naked. It was such a turn-on for him as it was also for his beautiful wife. His cock swayed in the gentle lapping of the waters, causing him to swell slightly and in so doing heighten his sensitivity. His hand reached for his rapidly hardening cock and wrapped itself quickly around its girth. A few strokes and a playful fondle of his balls were enough to send him wading quickly back to the beach and up towards the path. He craved Annabel and had to show her their newfound treasure. 

Pausing to pull on his trousers, shirt and shoes, he raced back up the path and up to the house where he found Annabel, settled into her favourite seat on the front veranda. 

"Hello darling, how is the weeding going? Finished?" she asked over the top of her book.

"Honey, you will not believe what I've found. Put the book down and come with me," he gasped through heavy breaths. "Quickly."

"Oh must I? Agatha has just met her half-brother for the first time and I'm at a great place in my book."

"Trust me, honey. You will love this. Come with me now, please!" Joe implored as he reached down and took the book from her hands.

Ever so slightly cross at the disturbance, she nevertheless allowed herself to be led at a rather alarming pace to the back of the garden and then along the path Joe had just discovered.

"Wow Joe, where does this go? What have you found?"

""You'll see darling. It's incredible."

A few moments later they both burst onto the beach and Annabel saw for herself what Joe had been so excited about. 

"Look honey! Our own private beach! No other access and we're not even overlooked by any properties!" Joe said excitedly as he removed his clothes and ran straight into the water.

"Are you sure babe? There's really only one way down here? What about boats on the bay?"

"Well yes, there may be the occasional boat on the bay but you can't see this beach until you get almost to the end, see? And there's no entry or landing point there so not many will come this far down. It's perfect!"

And with that, Annabel stripped and joined Joe in the water. They embraced and smiled to each other. What a find. How amazing that they had bought the place and been blessed with such a wonderful addition. Joe's hard-on returned and with just the slightest of movements he lifted Annabel's buoyant weight up and onto his waiting shaft. The head of his cock met her pussy lips and pressed upwards to dive into her private waters. Annabel wrapped her legs around Joe's body and in so doing spread her lips wide enough for Joe's glans to penetrate the first inch. Slowly, lovingly, adoringly, they rocked their bodies in the cooling waters and inch by wonderful inch, Joe's full length now reached the depths of Annabel's welcoming pussy. They held each other close and both drank deeply from the love they shared.

A week or so later, they rose early and breakfasted together on the front veranda. Andy and Ness were due down that morning to join them for a few weeks' vacation and Joe and Annabel could hardly wait. Though perfectly happy with their own company, they adored Andy and had also grown quite fond of his girlfriend Ness. They had known Andy for perhaps 5 years, but in that time, Andy had won a place in their hearts. They shared similar outlooks on life, enjoyed the same fine things and had much in common. Ness was his girlfriend of perhaps 18mths and both Joe and Annabel though it had been going really well for them. Andy's solo arrival then, at 10am that warm summer morning, had been a surprise. 

"No Ness? What's happened?" asked a concerned Annabel. 

And over the next few hours before lunch, Andy sat with them and tearfully discussed the demise of their relationship. Joe and Annabel listened and comforted their dear friend. Over the next few days, they ate together, went on long walks around the neighbouring National Park and swam at the private beach. It was all very innocent, very relaxing and just what Andy had needed to help him over those painful first few days. Though inwardly he would be sad for some time to come about losing Ness, he had at least emerged from the deep hole he had been in and had begun to smile. A good sign thought Joe and Annabel that Andy was already over the worst.

They had been used to Andy sleeping in a little later than them and this morning they had woken at around 7 as usual. They rose and opted for an early morning swim before breakfast. Knowing that Andy would not be up for an hour at least, they wandered down to their secluded beach for a swim. Joe took off his trunks and walked into the water.

"Joe, don't. What if Andy comes down?"

"He's asleep, Come on.. don't worry. He won't see us. Anyway, we're friends. He probably wouldn't even mind." 

And with that thought, Joe's mind strayed for the first time towards thoughts for his friend that he'd worked hard to suppress. Andy had a fabulous body and Joe marvelled at his athletic build. He worked out pretty regularly and it showed. His muscles were not over-developed like a body-builder, but really toned and in proportion. Joe's bisexual nature had lain dormant for years but Andy's tanned and masculine body had awakened these latent urges. Now, with the thought of this in his head and the water running all over his naked form, Joe's cock sprang to life beneath the early morning skies. By this time, Annabel had joined him and they frolicked a little before swimming several laps of the beach.

Andy was surprised at how early he had awoken that morning. At just a little after 7, he rose and pulled on his swimmers, confident that Joe and Annabel would be already down at the beach for their customary swim. As he reached the end of the track but still about 10 meters from the beach, he could hear talking and laughing from his friends and was suddenly over-whelmed by their love for each other and the strength of their relationship, a total contrast to his broken one. He paused in his tracks and listened to their cooing and happy dialogue for a few minutes, almost not wanting to interrupt their private moment. For a moment he half-turned and thought about returning to the beach house to leave the loving couple to their swim, when suddenly they went quiet. He wondered if they were both under water but no words were said for longer than a breath could last and his curiosity was peeked. He took the last few steps towards the end of the path, yet stayed hidden behind the last of the bushes. He didn't know quite what made him hide behind the bushes like that, but what he saw then made him glad he did. 

In the glint of the early morning Sun, Joe and Annabel lay naked on the beach, no more than 10 meters away from Andy. He held his breath as he took in the beautiful sight of their bodies. Andy had long appreciated Annabel's body and had long known that she had possibly the best legs and ass he had ever seen. Now, laying there flat on her tummy next to Joe, her wonderful curves and bronzed skin glistening from her swim, Andy could see quite how wonderful her rear really was. With such a pleasurable and forbidden sight engaging his senses, it took Andy a few moments to realise that Joe was on actually laying on his back, his cock slightly engorged and flat against his belly. Even from here Andy could clearly make out the shape and form of his penis and admired Joe's length.

Andy had always suspected he had bisexual tendencies but had never before allowed them to surface. Now, as he gazed through the bushes at this highly erotic scene, he could not believe how turned on he was and how hard his cock had become so quickly. His hand went down into his shorts and straight to his balls, his hand churning them around and pressing his wrist against his raging length. He moved slightly to adjust his shorts and with one swift motion had them down around his knees. Confident he was well hidden from the pair save for the small hole through which he peaked, he let his hands caress his length and began a slow but firm stroke that he knew from so much experience would eventually bring him release. What happened next took him quite by surprise and froze him motionless. 

Annabel rolled onto her side and kissed Joe long and passionately on the lips. It lasted perhaps 10-20secs but this was long enough for Joe's cock to react to the moment and now it was at full attention and ever-so-slightly bouncing with the pressure of the blood coursing through his cock. Andy couldn't move. Even his hands were frozen as he barely breathed for fear of giving away his hiding place. 

"Please suck me, darling," Joe urged in a soft voice, yet just barely audible to Andy.

"Oh Joe, I can't.. Andy could wake and come down at any time!"

"He never wakes before 8 and it can't be much more than 7.15 now.. we have ages!! Please, I'm so horny for you I could burst. I want you so much darling."

Though Annabel remained worried they might be caught, she had to admit that Andy never had been up that early and she too was horny as hell. She glanced at Joe's wonderful erection and realised immediately that she was going to give in.. she always found it hard to resist Joe's sexual advances but with his beautiful hard cock just a foot away from her face, it was impossible to resist her own needs and the wetness that now oozed from between her pussy lips. She had to have him here and now. In a moment her lips enveloped his tool and Joe gasped. His back arched and mouth fell open. From the angle of his torso, you'd swear that Annabel had just suctioned his stomach and his whole being was in danger of disappearing into her amazing mouth via his penis. 

Andy had perfect view of this marvellous fellatio and once more his hand began to move up and down his length. This time however, he wondered how long he might last with such an erotic scene to feast his eyes on. He rubbed his rock-hard cock and slowly, so as not to make a noise, he inched a little further forward and with his free hand, parted the bushes just a little more to give him a completely uninterrupted view of the amazing scene on the beach. 

On the beach the beautiful couple were clearly getting very worked up and had seemingly lost the self-control to whisper... or no longer cared. Either way, their words were now clearly audible and Joe was unleashing a torrent of sexual come-ons to the lovely Annabel as she bobbed slowly up and down his erect cock. 

"That's it darling, suck my hard cock. Stroke my shaft and bathe me with your tongue and fabulous mouth. Play with my balls. Ah, yes, ah, right there, that's it, ooooooooooooh..." 

And just as she was told, Annabel was giving Joe what looked like the most amazingly erotic and tender head-job Andy could imagine. How he wished that it was his cock being licked, sucked, caressed, stroked. How awesome Annabel was at sucking cock and how lucky Joe was to have a wife who knew just how to bring him such mind-blowing pleasure. 

Andy closed his eyes for just a moment and allowed his mind to picture his own body there on the beach, lying underneath the writhing couple and having both Joe and Annabel sharing his swollen glans in the most incredibly sexual French kiss he could imagine. It was precisely at this moment that Joe's head turned slightly to check the coast was still clear. 

"What was that by the path?" Joe wondered. There was a part of the bush shaking slightly and what seemed to be a hand holding back a branch. He stared at the spot and gradually he realised that he could make out a head through the gap. Andy's head. Instantly and quite involuntarily, his already rock-hard cock flexed in Annabel's hot mouth and she gave an appreciative groan. 

"Oh my God," he thought to himself.. "Andy's over there and can see everything!" He turned his head away and looked up at the morning sky. Though he wasn't quite sure what, if anything he should do with this discovery, he didn't want Andy to know he'd been spotted. So he allowed his wife to continue suctioning his dick and quickly reached the decision that he actually loved the whole situation. He smiled even more broadly. His hands reached down and ran tender fingers through Annabel's damp hair, ever-so-subtly conveying the message that she should continue for as long as she could. Annabel had always loved cock and adored sucking Joe's all the way to orgasm. It was no chore for her to stay there as long as it took and to swallow every single last drop of his gorgeous cum. 

With his eyes closed, one hand beating his cock towards orgasm, the other on the bush to maintain his view, Andy was now unaware that he had been found out. Andy's own orgasm was now building and he knew it wouldn't be long before he came. He opened his eyes again to drink in the scene and was glad he did. Awesome as his own fantasy involvement had been in his head, he realised that the real thing involving these two sexual beings was far more erotic. What he could not know is that Joe had spotted him spying on them and was right now imagining all sorts of horny scenarios involving the three of them. 

Joe's mind raced as he wondered how he could turn the situation to his advantage and make his fantasy a reality. He was sure that springing Andy's hiding place now was not the answer. It would be too awkward and if he got it wrong now, he might ruin any further chances later on. He had an idea. Joe thought he'd take the opportunity to prep the situation with both Annabel and Andy without either of them realising what he was up to. Maybe he could plant the seeds of a sexual tryst they all could share in.

"Baby that's amazing, I'm so hard. I want to be in your pussy. Please sit on my cock and bury me in your warm juices." 

Though she had been quite content to take him all the way in her mouth, Annabel needed no further persuasion to jump on Joe's fucking gorgeous cock. Her pussy had been wet and wanton the whole while she had been slipping Joe's cock in and out of her mouth.. her cunt jealous of the contact with her mouth and yearning to be filled with his meat. She moved around and sat astride Joe's swollen cock and Joe braced himself for a wonderful impaling. But Annabel had other ideas. Her dripping pussy hovered just over Joe's desperate shaft and with the fingers of both hands she pulled her swollen labia wide apart to give Joe a glorious view of his quarry. 

Andy's cum was building. He knew it would not be long before his load arrived. His breathing was becoming heavy, his balls churning and cock hardening still further. He drank in the scene before him. Annabel's hands on her sopping wet pussy were spreading her lips so wide that Andy could see her gaping hole. "Oh God," he whispered under his breath as Annabel slid her pussy along Joe's length and back again, not allowing his cock to enter, but sliding her wetness back and forth along his aching cock. 

"God Annabel, I want to be in you, don't tease me. Please let me in, I beg you!" Joe urged loudly... actually rather too loudly in Annabel's mind. 

"Shh ,Joe , Andy might hear you!" Annabel scolded in a far softer voice, yet still loud enough for Andy to hear from the bushes.

"I don't care if he hears us." Joe was probing now.. hoping that the sexual energy they were creating between them would loosen Annabel's tongue and perhaps he could get her to voice what Joe had always suspected... that her love for Andy went deeper than merely friendship. Joe had long suspected that her tenderness for Andy was not in fact completely innocent and that she had a secret desire for him. Of course she would never betray Joe, he knew that, but perhaps, if it wasn't seen as betrayal, if instead it was something Joe himself desired, then maybe, just maybe, it might happen between them all.

"Put me in, please, baby, please!" Joe pleaded as loud as the last time.

Once again Annabel hissed at him... "Joe not so loud... " 

"Then put my hot cock in your pussy and..."

But before Joe could finish his sentence, Annabel lifted the purple head of Joe's cock and placed it at the opening of her eager vagina. In one gorgeous movement that once more sucked the air from Joe's lungs, Annabel drove down with her groin all the way to meet Joe's on the way up. The two lovers drew in breath and in unison gave out the most erotic of guttural groans that made Andy stop in his tracks. His orgasm could wait a little longer.. he really wanted to savour it and stay hard while these two wonderful friends of his made love. His hand reluctantly loosened its grip and reached lower to his balls, pulling down on them so as to ward off the tightness that might take him over the edge. 

"God, Annabel. That feels so amazing. I love being in your pussy," said Joe from behind the broadest of Cheshire Cat grins.

"Mmm, I know Darling. I love you being inside me. And you're so especially hard right now, it's amazing. What's going on inside that dirty mind of yours I love so much?" asked Annabel.
