 Author's note: Though this story may be enjoyed in isolation, it is unquestionably enhanced by the earlier chapters and characterisation. If you have already read those, welcome back... I hope you enjoy this next instalment.

------------------------------- 

Joe was in heaven. As Annabel's teasing water dance continued its wonderful choreography, every part of his being seemed under the most wonderful assault. Each of his senses was being overloaded with erotic energy. His skin was alive with the sensation of cooling waters lapping between their embracing bodies, sloshing upwards and over their chests each time Annabel rose a little in her rhythmic motion. The swaying of his balls in the gentle currents of the bay was an incredibly horny feeling. 

Annabel's slippery body, lovingly wrapped around him, buoyant and suspended easily by Joe's strong arms, drove him crazy at every point they were in contact with each other... especially his dick. His dick could not be any harder. Their kiss endured and neither one seemed able or willing to pull away first... their tongues entwined and danced together in a sensual and loving battle that echoed the movement of their hips. Joe's hands kneaded Annabel's firm buttocks and inch by inch he slipped the ends of his fingers under the material of Annabel's bikini bottoms. She made no attempt to halt his progress and Joe thought he even detected a wriggle to assist him in his boldness. He opened his eyes to look into hers and seek the permission to continue but Annabel's remained closed, as they had been the entire duration of their kiss. Joe took this as tacit consent to continue and carefully he transferred most of Annabel's weight to his left hand, leaving his right to edge further towards its heavenly goal. 

Andy's face was a picture, one that spoke a thousand words. He had the same genuine, warm smile he had worn since Joe and Annabel had first embraced, but it was so much more than just a smile: over-riding all else, there was the love he had for his wonderful friends; there, too, were signs of amazement and wonder at the scene being played out before him; there were glimpses of wanton lust pulling at the edges of his grin, causing his mouth to gape wider, his eyes to stare just a little harder; and just a hint of awkwardness, not really knowing what, if anything, he should do now. 

He was conscious that the show was as much for his benefit as their own. Though one part of him wondered if he should turn away and slope off back to the beach, a far larger part of Andy, the side that was fuelled by several bottles of wine they had all shared at lunch, demanded he stay right there and enjoy the erotic scene being played out not two meters from him. Though not strictly a part of the sexy couple's tactile manoeuvres, Andy instinctively knew that in their minds and in their touches, he was very much a part of the action.

Annabel's pulse was racing with the thrill and the naughtiness of their act. Though her eyes remained tightly closed, her bird's eye view endured in her mind and from where she was, Andy loomed large and close. In her mind's eye, she saw could clearly see the sheen of water covering every inch of his muscular frame. She felt the muscles in her pussy flex as she imagined the hard-on lurking just below the surface. Her juices flowed as she envisioned the slick, purple head of his cock slipping between her moist lips, probing ever so slowly, deeper and deeper into her.

Had Joe been aware that his fingers were being mentally substituted by Andy's cock, he would not have cared. In fact, he would have loved it. He pushed a second finger inside her glorious hole and groaned as it slid easily between her fleshy lips. Lifting her a little higher into the water, he could now bury both fingers deeper inside Annabel's hungry pussy and as they hit the hilt of his palm, Annabel moaned loudly. All three of them were united by that moan, though if you were to ask each of them why, none could explain it. Perhaps it was a sign of Annabel's complete submission to the moment. For both of the boys, the last barrier to the next level had been lowered. 

Joe turned his head and looked at Andy for the first time since he'd embraced his wife. He was delighted to see that Andy was so obviously turned on and enjoying the moment. He smiled broadly and winked at him. Andy returned the gesture and nodded his head in approval. Joe saw that one arm was laying flat on the surface, the other under water and moving quite noticeably. Joe's cock, already harder than he could remember it being in quite some time, was now like rock at the thought of Andy stroking that beautiful penis Joe had seen swaying towards him a few minutes earlier. Joe yearned to see it, to touch it, to taste it and the hope that this could in fact be something that Andy might also want was electrifying. 

Joe wiggled his fingers, eliciting more moans from his wife and causing her to throw her head back. Joe carefully removed his fingers from her wet pussy and manoeuvred Annabel expertly over the head of his eager cock. Once more pulling the material aside to allow him free access, he also dipped the end of one finger between her folds to help guide his hungry cock into her. With the head probing and thrusting beside his guiding finger, it took just a brief moment to find the right spot and as he thrust upwards to bury his cock deep into her pussy, Annabel sat down further to meet him. 

With her legs and arms wrapped around Joe, his cock buried deep into her hot pussy, her head back and facing the sky, Annabel could not prevent a broad and sexy smile from spreading across her face. Sure she was still very much under the influence of the lunchtime wine, but not so much so that she was unaware of her actions. Oh no... she was wonderfully aware and the smile was evidence of her feelings of happiness right now. She loved Joe so much and knew that the strength of that bond they shared gave her the rock-solid confidence to share this moment with Andy. It was brazen, it was deliciously naughty, it was unbelievably horny and it was with two amazing men!

"Andy, why don't you come over here and give me a hand with this gorgeous woman," Joe said in a low and deliberate manner as he gently rocked Annabel up and down his cock. Andy needed no further encouragement. Just three short paces through the water were enough to bring him up behind Annabel and close enough to smell the feint odour of the lavender shampoo she always used in her hair. Unsure of his next move, Andy brought both hands up to her shoulders and lightly ran his fingers across her glistening skin. 

Annabel was losing herself in the moment. She needed to open her eyes now to bring things back to the wonderful reality of what they were about to share. She looked right into Joe's eyes and brought her hand up to brush the hair from his face. It was a simple gesture, but one that said so much about their love for each other. Though neither of them needed to be concerned that their actions this afternoon could be misconstrued in any way, this one loving look and knowing smile between them served as an emotional launch pad from which they could freely jump into the ocean of sexual opportunity awaiting them. 

Still gazing into Joe's eyes, Annabel took that final leap and in a firm, yet inviting tone, she said, "Andy, please remove my bikini. I appear to be rather over-dressed." Suddenly Andy had a purpose, a clear invitation to be a part of this magical tryst between his wonderful friends. His hands slid down Annabel's back, strong fingers tracing a marvellously delicate trail towards the single knot that held the surplus garment in place. The two ends grasped firmly between his fingers, Andy gently pulled them apart and watched as the flimsy material loosened and began to release its grip on Annabel's beautiful breasts. Impatient with their progress, Annabel grabbed the bikini top and pulled it away, exposing her chest to the late afternoon sky... and of course, her two dotingly attentive, devastatingly erect lovers.

"Oh God, Annabel, you are magnificent," Joe whispered as he surveyed her breasts from just a few inches away. His face betrayed a wanton lust and sexual intent that Annabel well knew. Joe's eyes travelled over every square inch of each gorgeous globe and drank in the view almost as if he were viewing them for the very first time. Annabel loved this about Joe. No matter how often they made love, Joe's warm and sensual eyes always had that 'first-time' look about them. It was so reassuring to her that he would never tire of her body. 

As he bent his head to kiss her chest, Annabel leaned back a little to give him the room he needed. As she did so, her head came to rest on Andy's right shoulder, his hands sliding underneath to support the middle of her back. Once again Annabel closed her eyes and gave in to the moment. Her smile endured and broadened ever so slightly, her lips parting ever so slightly more. She was now in the arms of both men and being penetrated by her husband. Joe's cock was buried just as far as it could be expected to go in this position and the rocking motion allowed just enough movement to provide the most exquisite sensations along the walls of her pussy. 

Joe's tongue now danced and teased around Annabel's hard nipples. Every now and again, Joe's mouth would envelope one and suck fervently, rolling it around with his tongue and nipping gently with his teeth. He knew just how Annabel loved this and how it always sent shivers of delight through her core and into her groin. His cock felt the sudden grip of her pussy as his nipple-sucking transmitted its hot messages through her body. Andy, too, felt the ripple effect of these erotic bulletins as Annabel vibrated with each one. Her little gasps each time were beautifully choreographed with her movements and served to heighten the sexual energy enveloping the three of them. 

Andy's face rested gently against Annabel's, his nose nuzzling her cheek and tickling the edge of her mouth. Andy's cock was throbbing and ached to be held. Watching Joe's awesome attention to Annabel's breasts was causing his balls to churn and he longed to get better acquainted with those hard nipples. As if Joe had read Andy's mind, he pulled away from Annabel's breasts and emitted a low moan as he did so. Still staring at her glistening bullets, he encouraged Andy to sample Annabel's delightful chest himself.

"What do you think of those Andy? Don't you just want to eat them up? I think Annabel would love you to try them out," Joe urged.

"It would be my absolute pleasure, Joe," said Andy as he slid his left hand slowly but surely around Annabel's back and alongside her breast. The briefest of pauses and then Andy's hand ran across Annabel's breast and cupped it firmly, her erect nipple pressing into his palm. Joe's rhythmic thrusting halted just momentarily as he took in the view of Andy's hand on his wife's breast. Joe's cock hardened another few degrees as he marvelled at the glorious experience of fucking his wife while she was being caressed by another man. Not just any man of course... Andy was their best friend, but still he was another man. Joe's grin was as much about this dynamic as it was about the sex itself. 

At last Annabel opened her eyes. She wanted to see Joe's face as he watched Andy's hand on her breast. She also badly needed to see Andy's hand on her breast, the first time since she had met Joe some 10 years ago that another man had been this intimate with her. Under any other circumstances, the mere thought of any sexual contact with another man would disgust her. But this was different. This was consensual and beautiful in every way. More than that though, it seemed right in her head and in her heart. The love they all had for each other made this moment so wonderfully easy. She briefly acknowledged to herself the lubricating effect of the wine on her moral guard, then chuckled silently as Joe's cock and Andy's hand made it clear that this was to be an exceptional day. As her eyes met Joe's the married couple shared a tender, knowing smile that said so much. 

"Darling, I don't think we're paying Andy nearly enough attention." 

"I agree, Annabel" said Joe as he continued to slide his cock into Annabel's nice, tight pussy. "Why don't you see if he's enjoying this as much as we are," he urged.

Her pussy filled with Joe's rock-hard cock and her breasts being sexily caressed by another man's hand, Annabel dropped one arm into the water and reached behind her to where she hoped to find the answer they were looking for. As the back of her hand brushed against the head of Andy's erection, an electric pulse surged through the three of them. It began in Andy's loins as the sensation of that first touch ignited the fuse, then travelled through his body, through Annabel's and down into her pussy where she gripped and pulsed around Joe's cock. 

"Fuck," Joe exclaimed, "Whatever you just did Annabel, please do it again."

"Oh darling," Annabel said to Joe, "I'm just getting started." With that, she brushed lightly against Andy's cock several more times, each with similar results, though with slightly less voltage. She teased him like this a while before turning her hand and wrapping her fingers around his pulsating penis. It was thick. Her hand couldn't wrap all the way around it. She liked that. Joe had a great cock and she loved it with all her heart. Andy's definitely felt thicker though and would stretch her wider. Annabel's hand gripped tightly around Andy's shaft and began a slow and deliberate stroking motion that exactly matched the one that Joe was creating with his own cock buried deep in Annabel's pussy. Perfectly in sync, the three of them rocked and moaned and whispered little phrases of encouragement to each other as the minutes flew by. 

Annabel moved her hand down to envelop Andy's balls. They were a good size and with his ball sac tightly coiled she mashed them firmly against his body. Andy seemed to like that. His hand renewed its caressing of her breasts and caught her nipple tightly between his thumb and forefinger. Annabel gasped and once more her pussy flexed involuntarily, with Joe's cock once again the lucky recipient. Joe suspected that this flex was down to the awesome effect Andy was having on Annabel, yet rather than feel jealous, it actually made him even hornier. Having earlier feasted on the sight of Andy's unaroused penis as he walked into the water, Joe was keen himself to get a look at the angry version. He suspected that Andy's cock would be majestic when hard and immediately decided to move the three of them to the beach so that he could get a better look himself.

"I've had enough of the water. Let's move to the beach shall we?" suggested Joe. Both Andy and Annabel nodded and with some reluctance all three gently broke the sexy embrace that had been rocking their world. Feeling emboldened by the moment, Annabel reached for a hand from both men and led them from the water towards the towels on the beach. Joe was amazed and impressed at her taking the lead like this. His Annabel had never been a prude with sex yet it tended to be Joe who pushed their sexual boundaries. Here though, Annabel seemed to be relishing the experience and as she pulled her two naked and erect men to the beach to continue their play, it was as if this were the most natural thing in the World. As she neared the water's edge she let go of their hands and ran ahead, crossing the thin line of beach in no time. Throwing herself down on her back on the towels she giggled a little and stared straight up at the sky, arms and legs apart, not spreadeagled quite, just casually arranged and inviting.

Andy dropped to his knees on her left and Joe on her right. She turned first to Joe and gave him yet another of those adoring and loving looks, then turned to Andy and gave her long-time friend the same warm smile and look of love. "I am just so lucky to have you two here with me like this. I feel honoured and very, very horny," she admitted in her wickedest little voice.

Joe was first to respond. "You're kidding, babe. It's us who are the lucky ones. Look at how magnificent and beautiful you are. The water is shimmering on your tanned skin and everything about you is such a turn on. And it's pretty clear that Andy feels the same," Joe added. Now he looked straight at Andy's prone cock as it pointed directly at Annabel. Now hard, it was as amazing as Joe had suspected it might be. He quickly estimated it at around 6-7 inches, although given that Andy was kneeling down and bent at the waist, it could well be even larger. The purple head looked massive in its erect state and sat proudly atop his rigid shaft. He wanted to reach over and grasp it but something held him back. He needed to know that Andy wouldn't freak out. Playing with Annabel was one thing but what if Andy didn't have any bi tendencies? What if it killed the moment? He dare not risk that so opted to place his hands on Annabel's wet thighs instead. 

He broke his gaze of Andy's tool and glanced up at his face to try to gauge how he was feeling about this. Joe was hugely relieved to see that Andy was himself staring at Joe's erect prick. He appeared to have the same expression of longing that Joe felt he must be wearing himself. It was Annabel who broke his thought pattern though, as one hand grabbed Joe's cock and then her other hand wrapped around Andy's. Both boys instinctively closed their eyes, threw their heads back a little and moaned in clear appreciation of Annabel's bold move. She grinned broadly at the reaction to her double-cock grip and writhed a little on the warm towel as the sensation of having her hands filled with two cocks simultaneously ebbed through her being. 

Andy was silent but grinning broadly. Joe on the other hand was getting quite vocal and began to give instructions to Annabel as she stroked their raging hard-ons. In response to one of Joe's half-mumbled requests, Annabel leant on one elbow and licked Joe's glans. She licked it softly, around and around like it was a cherished lollipop, which of course it was to her. 

Unable to keep up the rhythm on Andy's cock at the same time, she stopped stroking it and reverted to a firm grip and release method. This was just fine by Andy. He was in no danger of losing interest as he watched his friends engage in the most private of sex acts between lovers. He had never before seen another man get blown in real life. Sure he'd seen it in porn movies but this was different. This was real, erotic, loving and extremely horny. Most of all though, it was here and now and he was a part of it. Andy watched as Annabel's mouth made an 'O' and finally encircled the head of Joe's dick. Joe's guttural groans said it all. Joe's hands instinctively went to Annabel's head and ever so gently urged her on, silently begging her to bury more of his cock in her hot mouth. Annabel knew only too well what those movements meant. You don't get to blow a man for 10 years without understanding exactly how he ticks and which buttons to press to drive him insane with pleasure. Her mouth, now fully stretched, moved closer to his body, driving the head of Joe's cock to the back of her throat. Pausing briefly to relax her throat muscles and prepare for the invasion, Annabel then forced her head forward one last time until her nose bushed against Joe's skin. 

"Agghh," Joe sort of snorted as his lungs quickly contracted, expelling the last of the air he had been holding as he had waited for this moment. He looked down at the place his cock should be and found only face... the beautiful, (even when contorted and stretched around his shaft), familiar, loving face of his darling Annabel. Seconds, minutes passed. Annabel finally came up for air and as Joe's glans emerged from its velvet massage, a trail of saliva like an elastic bond seemed to pull his cock back from whence it came and suddenly he was buried to the hilt once more. This time he looked at Andy and was pleased to see that Annabel's grip on Andy's cock had ensured he remained as hard. Joe watched as Andy pulled his dick gently away from her grip, eliciting a slight whimper of complaint from Annabel, who nevertheless continued her slobbery assault on her husband's cock. 
