 I was really looking forward to making my first documentary film, being that I had barely finished college. This would also mark the first time that I would ever go to South America to study the tribes. I left along with two others, a 56 year old male film maker, and a 34 year old female professor.

We really didn't know where this tribe was settled and we were supposed to land near the Amazon River and just go on from there. On our way we left several markers which showed us the way back and we constantly looked around for any type of shelter or marks which would signify that a tribe would be around. As I was the youngest, I just followed the two oldest, with the 34 year old, Diane, at the helm of our expedition.

"Do you guys think we are going to find this tribe, I mean I haven't seen any thing that would remotely indicate there being human life here," Diane said as we walked through the humid Amazon forest.

"We better, I have to get some good stuff or else I'm going to get fired," Fred, the oldest said as he carried the heavy camera on his back.

"This is incredible, how can people live here," I said as I looked at the vast forest.

"You would be surprised Kevin at how these people survive," Diane sad as she examined the ground for any footsteps, "Yes, a footstep, and I think it's going that way, be quiet now."

We moved slowly, following the trail of footsteps, which seemed endless. After about 3 hours of following the footsteps we decided to make camp and look in the morning again. I couldn't sleep with the idea of actually making my own film hanging over my head. I eventually got some sleep and woke up in the morning to find Fred and Diane making food.

"Good morning Kevin, ready to finally make your first movie," said Fred as he cooked eggs and bacon on a little grill.

"You got that right Fred, we should find this camp by nightfall, if not earlier," said Diane as she drank some coffee.

"I sure hope so, I'm really looking forward to finally seeing these people," I said as I put my shirt on.

We walked for most of the day, still following the trail of footsteps left by a native. We hardly talked and concentrated on the trail. We finally found a couple of little shelters right before nightfall. We decided to hide behind a couple of bushes right behind a house, which were all made of clay.

We had settled down there when we peeked though the bushed to see people come out of their houses and gather around in a little circle. These people weren't really any different from us. The only difference I could see was that they were tanned and that the guys wore a piece of rag around their pelvic area. Women wore the rag and another piece of rag on their breasts too. Fred and Diane were astonished at these natives.

"Wow, this is the first time I've seen such a fit bunch, and yet so much like us," Fred said as he filmed the people.

"This is truly astonishing, they look so much like us, they don't look primitive, as a matter of fact, if they didn't have those rags, we couldn't tell the difference," Diane said as she wrote some things on her notepad.

I just looked in astonishment at these people. They sang around in a circle for a while then suddenly a young man came out and sat in the middle. After they danced around him, a young lady, about 18, was brought out and was placed next to him. They all chanted as the young man talked to the whole tribe. As I observed further I suddenly realized that that young man was the leader of this tribe. He was a relatively fit man, and the young lady was very attractive. She had black hair, nice eyes, and an astonishing body.

The leader suddenly raised his arm and all the people stayed quiet and looked to the leader to see what was next. He signaled for all the men to get in a line behind him, while the women all went to one side. He then signaled to a man to bring in a large pole. The young lady was then tied to the pole. The leader went to the young lady and said something and then stripped of the rag that covered her breasts. This revealed a beautiful set of breasts. They were firm and nicely rounded. He then fondled each breast, taking each one delicately in his hand and pinching each one. The girl would only look at the leader and say nothing, showing no expression at all.

The leader fondled her breasts for about a minute or so, he then signaled for the men to get closer. They all did as told and moved closer to the young lady. The leader was obviously aroused now as a big erection was clearly viewable through the little rag he wore, as were most of the other men in a circle. The leader then put his arm under the rag that covered her pelvic area and rubbed the girl's pussy. The girl closed her eyes and tried to hide her obvious pleasure. He fondled her for about thirty seconds; he then stripped the rag off the young lady. The lady shivered as the cool air hit her already wet pussy. When he did this all the men got erections, and almost like if they had planned it, all of the people started to sing some kind of chant.

The chant went on for about five minutes, and then the leader moved close to the young lady, and then took of his rag. As he took it of I was astounded to see a big 9 inch dick, not just long, but also thick. He moved close to the lady and rubbed his dick against her hairy pussy, which was already wet from the rub she had received earlier. He then took the tip and put in her pussy. He moved in slowly into her, and as he went deeper she screamed in more pain. This was obviously the first time she had ever had sex, this girl was a virgin.

"Oh my god, that girl's is a virgin, look at that guy's penis, it's huge," Diane said as she looked astonished at what was happening.

"Shh, this is definitely the best material I've ever gotten," Fred said as he recorded the whole thing.

"Be quiet, look at that girl, and the guy," I said as I looked on at what was happening.

The leader kept on screwing the girl. He would pump in once, each time going in deeper to her pussy, and then pump out. He kept on doing this for about 10 minutes until all his dick was in the young woman's pussy. When his whole dick was in, he started to fuck her hard. All I could see was that his pelvic area would move and she would just receive the pounding. This guy really had endurance; he fucked her to about 3 orgasms. These orgasms were also intense as the girl would shake all over and scream. When the guy finally came; he sprayed a huge load into her pussy, with a lot of it dripping down her pussy and to her thighs. As they untied her, she just fell down and fainted, the other ladies then attended her and they sang a chant.

"That was unbelievable, how did he do... oh my god, leave me alone," Diane said as about 5 natives came from behind and grabbed her.

"Hey leave me alone you sons of bitches," Fred said as another one seized him.

"Get off me, what do you think your doing," I said as they lead us to their camp and sat us in front of their leader.

The leader then said something to us, but we didn't understand, so he sent of for someone else. A young lady appeared, this one was light skinned and had green eyes, she was different from the rest of the tribe people, and dressed the same. She was very attractive, nice and thin, and with very nice curves.

"My leader wishes to know why you have come," the lady said as she translated what her leader had said.

"We just came to make a movie, we meant no harm," I said.

She then told the leader and said," My leader doesn't appreciate strangers looking into ceremony; he says that you must be punished for trying to destroy our kind."

"But we didn't want to do anything bad, I promise if you let us go, we'll never anything," Diane said as she tried to negotiate with the natives.

She told the leader but the leader shook his head and told her something else, she then said," Leader says that you are his prisoners, you will be taken to our prison camp, and will stay there until leader wishes to see you again."

Five men then took us through the camp and then into a little hut that was surrounded by men. The men then threw us into the little hut and went away. When we looked in we found that there was food and then rags similar to the one's the natives had on. The lady that had appeared before to translate appeared in the hut along with the leader.

"You must put on those clothes and give us the clothes that you have on," the lady said.

"Who are you," I said.

"I am Cynthia, now change into new clothes," she answered.

"Where do I change," Diane said as she looked at us.

"You change here, if not, we bring guards to change you," Cynthia answered right away.

We then went on to undress, but instead of taking everything off, we left our underwear on.

"I said everything, now undress," Cynthia said as she looked on.

Fred was the first to undress and put on the little rag. Diane then followed, but as she was about to put it on, the leader seized it and told Cynthia something.

"Leader says you wear nothing, and you too wear nothing," Cynthia said as she pointed at me, and took our clothes.

The leader then moved over to Diane and started to fondle her tits, which were very nice. He then looked at her shaved pussy and licked his lips, he then told something to Cynthia. "Leader says that all of you will be initiated tonight, if satisfactory then you are free to go," Cynthia said as she walked out and looked at me from head to toe.

We patiently and awkwardly waited for nightfall to come. Most of the time I tried to put my dick in between my legs because I was so horny looking at Diane's great body. We tried to look away and pretend we didn't notice each other's bodies. Fred on the other hand just looked at Diane with a big hard on. He really didn't care if she knew, he just liked the show.

Two guards finally came in and led us to the middle of the camp, where the night before the young lady had been fucked by the leader. The guys looked at Diane and spanked her as she passed through. The ladies would just look at me and point at my dick. The older ladies looked at Fred and would laugh at the hard on he still had from seeing Diane naked.

Cynthia then came to us and said, "You are to be initiated tonight, if you do well, then you are free to go."

They then tied Fred and I, and sat us next to the rest of the men. She then led Diane to the leader.

"Leader says that you must eat his fruit, then if not good, you get another punishment," Cynthia said.

"What," Diane screamed.

"Leader wishes for you to suck on his penis, if you don't do good, then you get it worse," Cynthia said calmly.

"No way, never, I am not going to give that man oral sex, or anyone here," Diane said.

"If you don't then you will be punished."

"No, never," Diane said.

The leader then took a whip and hit Diane. She looked back teary eyed at the leader and just nodded yes. She then went to the front of the leader, took of his little rag, and took his dick into her hands. She then started to lick the top of his dick. She closed her eyes and slowly started to suck on his dick. She was great at sucking dicks. She had only sucked on his dick for about 20-30 seconds when he came all over her mouth. She tried to eat as much of his cum as possible. She then came up and looked at the leader, with her mouth full of cum. He then told Cynthia something else.

"Leader says that was pretty good, but not good enough, so you will be initiated by him, and also you (she pointed to me) will satisfy me," she said as she untied me and took her next to me.

"As for you old man, you will have to satisfy all the old ones, starting with the mother of the leader."

Diane was then tied to a pole, like the girl the night before. I was also taken and tied to a pole. Fred was tied to another pole, but this one was far away, near a group of older women.

"Leader says he will enjoy pouring his juices into light skinned one like you, I will leave now for I have to attend to another," Cynthia said as she led the leader to Diane and then walked towards me.

Cynthia looked at me for a while then said," We will wait till the leader finishes, then I will attend to you, watch now."

The leader then went to Diane and smelled her. He smiled then he went to her breasts and started to grab each one then lick on them. Diane sort of stood there and just looked at the leader as his cock got bigger as he played with her breasts. He then lowered his head and sucked on her tits. She had pretty big and firm tits, and the leader enjoyed sucking on her erect nipples. Diane tried to look away and not show that she enjoyed this. He then went down to her shaved pussy and started to lick it. He stuck his tongue in and then would leave it in there, while sucking on her pussy. She tried to hide the pleasure, but after a while she just screamed in pleasure. The leader then said something and untied her and turned her over.

When he turned her over, I noticed that Diane had a big, nice ass, and also that the leader wanted to fuck her through the ass. Cynthia then leaned over to me and said," He knows she isn't virgin, so he wants to screw her through rear, where she is virgin."

The leader then made Diane lean over and expose a tiny asshole, which made me wonder how she was ever going to take in his dick. He then got some type of oil and stuck his finger into her asshole and rubbed it all over her asshole. This made Diane just tingle, as it was only one finger, he then put some oil on his dick, kind of jacking him self off at the same time.

He then spread her legs open, then her ass cheeks, and then started to rub his dick against her asshole. He then got his two hands and tried to open her asshole as far as possible, he then tried to push his dick into her little asshole. He tried for a while, and then he finally rammed it in, making his dick finally go in. Diane screamed in pain as she took in his thick cock. She frantically cried and begged for him to stop. He wouldn't listen and only would ram it in harder each time. He smiled at her pain and made moaning sounds as he started to go into her harder. He would slowly, painfully (telling by Diane's cries), stick every inch of his nine inch cock into her. She finally took all of it into her and she started to relax and just take him into her. He pumped harder when his whole dick was in. Diane suddenly started to moan to when she got used to the dick up her ass. He pumped her for a few minutes then she started to scream and orgasm. As she had an orgasm he let out a huge load of cum and had a huge orgasm too. His load went into her asshole, and then down her thighs. He then took his dick out, full of cum, and let Diane go. Diane fell to the floor and fainted.

"You enjoy show, now your turn, you look good, I want your penis in my rear like her," Cynthia said as she undressed to unveil a model type body. She had great tits, about a size "C" and a great ass. To my astonishment her pussy was shaved, unlike the other natives.

She then took me and told me to fuck her. One of the natives gave me the oil. I put some on my dick and got a big erection from Cynthia. I then went over to Cynthia, who was on all fours, and spread some in her ass, she moaned as I did this. She wasn't new to this, as I noticed when my fingers easily slid in.

"I want you inside my rear now," Cynthia told me as she grabbed my dick and pulled me toward her.

I slowly went toward her and stuck my dick into her ass. To my surprise my dick slid in her right away. I then pumped in and out of her asshole, which squeezed my dick tighter each time. She moaned as I butt fucked her. Her ass was great, my dick went in and out, and it also felt great with the oil. I would moan and then she would moan. She then got one of her hands and started to finger her pussy. It was great, as I fucked her, I could clearly see that her tits would sway up and down and she would just moan harder each time.

The leader then came towards us and told me to stand up, along with Cynthia. I was about to take my dick out, but he stopped me and signaled to keep going. He then went to the front and started to fuck her as I fucked her. She just moaned harder as the leader and I fucked her through both sides. She then couldn't take it anymore and had an orgasm and fainted. 

After everything had been done they took us back to a much nicer little hut and told us that we were free to go anytime we wanted. During the night I was to sleep in the same room as Diane.

"Wow, that was incredible, hey Kevin, you want to.., you know," Diane said as we were still naked, exhausted, but yet somehow still horny.

"I think I could go for another round," I said.

We then started to kiss. I then took my dick out and put it into Diane's pussy, which was pretty nice and tight. I pumped in and out of and she responded by following my rhythm. Her breasts swayed in front of my face as I fucked her harder each time. I would kiss her passionately, and she would respond by sticking her tongue deeper into my mouth. We both finally came and slept side by side.

We left the next day, without Fred, who didn't want to come with us. He enjoyed the treatment he got from the older ladies. Diane and I left the next day, not with a documentary film, but with a porn film. The natives had taped our ritual and had given us the tape.