 Part V – Wednesday

I woke up to the sun shining in through the open doors and window and the sound of the waves lapping the beach. The smell of fresh brewed coffee wafted in from the kitchen and the sound of voices emanated from the deck. I began to realize that I'd slept in later than usual. I stood up and covered my naked body with a light robe before I stepped outside to see who was visiting.

Deb was sitting on the deck with a cover up on over her turquoise swim suit. With her was Ashley, which surprised me after Ron's meltdown. I assumed they would have left for the mainland. Mai was with them along with an older woman I'd never met. I said hello and was introduced to Kathy, who I learned was one of the owners. Kathy was a very attractive woman whose age was hard to determine. I guessed about 50, but a very young looking 50 thanks to some assistance from surgeons and very expensive spas. 

Debbie announced that the ladies were going snorkeling and the guys were going sailing. I thought this was an odd change of activity. The presence of one of the owners also made me very curious. Was today's schedule a result of the events of last night?  Until now all the couples had either agreed to stay and participate or decided to leave as a couple. Ashley participated in the live sex performance against her husband's wishes. He was so upset that he had to be removed from the room. She was still on the island and I wondered where Ron was?  I thought it best to ask questions when Deb and I were alone.

I excused myself, went inside, got a cup of coffee and went to get ready for the day. When I got out of the shower I found a note from Debbie explaining that she had left with the other women. Next to it was today's schedule. Sailing / snorkeling at 11:00, lunch on the boat, cocktails at 6:30, dinner at 7:00. I was disappointed. It sounded much more like a normal resort. Actually I was more than disappointed. I felt pissed, then scared. The island had led us to a new lifestyle. If it ended suddenly how were Deb and I going to revert back to our normal life? How would it affect us and our relationship?

I dressed, if you call swim trunks and a t-shirt dressing, and slowly made my way to the beach. It was another beautiful day. I admired the bright sun and blue sky and lowered my gaze to take in the azure sea. The view of the water was interrupted by a 40 ft sloop anchored of shore. A Zodiac waited to shuttle us to the sail boat. I greeted Bob and the others as we boarded the Zodiac. 

Everyone else was as confused as I was. When I got on the boat I saw Brian and decided to ask what was up. He smiled and mysteriously only said that it was a day to enjoy the water and the weather. 

I found that all of us had slept in and found our wives awake before us. A rather odd coincidence I thought. We all enjoyed the sun and water for the day in spite of our misgivings about the changes.

We returned to shore at 6:00. I had just enough time to shower and change for dinner. Deb was waiting for me on the deck in a cute very short, very low cut lemon yellow sun dress. She looked lovely in the dress which complemented her tan. The only accessories were a pair of gold sandals that laced around her calves and her jewelry. She hurried me off to get cleaned up and dressed. 

I exited the shower and flipped on the TV as I dressed. All the video of our lovemaking was still available on the three channels. I found we now had a fourth active channel which contained video of Ashley on stage with Marcus and Darnell. Maybe nothing had changed after all. Deb called in to urge me to hurry. I clicked off the set and rushed out the door.

On the way to dinner I asked Deb how her day went. She said it was beautiful out on the water. When I asked if she thought that the resort was changing she explained what she learned.

"No, nothing is changing. Kathy visited the women to see what we thought of Ashley staying on without Ron. The resort is for couples. Ashley doesn't want to leave and doesn't want to see Ron any time soon. We all agreed that Ashley should stay."

With a coy look she asked, "Were you afraid you'd just have to settle for me?"

I stumbled, "No.... well ..., you know I love you and . . um. It's just . . . ; it would be weird to put the brakes on all at once. This whole trip is crazy enough. Did you get any hint from Kathy what the owners are up to?

"Not really. She said to enjoy ourselves and every thing would be clear by Sunday."

At cocktail hour everyone seemed more at ease. Dinner was very light. By the time we were done I was feeling pretty happy. I stepped outside to get some air and was joined by Anna. Anna has long hair, is short and has with a mole on her right cheek. She has a cute figure highlighted by her ample but firm breasts and a round, but tight ass. She, like her husband Tony is Italian. She brushed against me causing a mild excitement in my loins. I put my arm around her waist. I felt very relaxed and not self conscious holding another man's wife.

She said, "I enjoyed last night before we were interrupted." 

"Maybe we can spend some time together tonight." I replied as I kissed her.

She returned the kiss. I was a bit surprised at how comfortable it felt to be with someone other than Deb. We were interrupted by Lauren invited us inside. Lauren led all of us to the stage area and asked us to be seated with our spouses. Anna let go of my hand. She gave me an exaggerated look of sadness and went to join Tony. Debbie squeezed my ass to let me know she was there and we sat down. Ashley was seated by herself.   

The curtain opened to reveal Katya who addressed us. "We are going to play some party games from our youth. You have spent most of your time with our staff. Today, you got to know your new friends of the same gender better. Tonight it is our hope that you will get to know your new friends of the opposite sex better as well."

"We start with musical chairs. But, since we are all adults, it is really musical laps. The ladies will circle around and sit on the lap of the man closest to you when the music stops. You will have one minute to get to know them better. If you get your own spouse you can tell them about your new friends."

A loud dance song erupted from the speakers. Debbie kissed me and stood the circled clockwise. When the song stopped Vicki sat on my lap. 

"I think I know you pretty well already." She said as she snuggled in close to me on the love seat. 

"I'd still like to know you a lot better Vicki."

Her bare legs against mine felt electric. I put my hand on her knee gently moving my fingers in a circular motion on her upper thigh. 

"I can see that. Me too"

She pulled me to her and kissed me. My hand glided up under her short dress. My fingers swirled along the inside of her thigh. Her tongue swirled in my mouth. She kissed my neck. My fingers moved higher. I felt her pubic hair with the tips of my fingers.

The music started. Vicki jumped up, waved bye and moved on. 

When the music stopped again Stacy straddled me and sat on my lap. Stacy is a bubbly petite blond with short hair. 

"Hi, I really haven't talked to you much."

I decided to throw caution to the wind. By body was on fire. "Do you really want to talk?" I asked as I put my hand on her thigh.

"Aren't you a naughty man". She said with a smile as she parted her legs slightly. 

My hand moved under her dress quickly as we kissed. I stroked her upper thigh and inched my way until my fingers made contact with her shaved pussy. I felt her hand grip my balls through my shorts. 

"It's not fair; you have easy access under my dress. I can't get to you." 

We continued to kiss as she unbuttoned my shorts and unzipped my fly. I could feel the heat emanating from her moist pussy. I gently inserted my index finger inside her. She freed my hardening cock and started to stroke it. Then the music started.

"Sorry, maybe later" and she was gone.

Deb passed by and looked at my open shorts. She shook finger at me like a disapproving school teacher. Her hair was ruffled and her chest was red. She was misbehaving as well.

The music ended and Ashley straddled me. Her hands went into my shorts and pulled out my semi erect cock. Her left hand cupped my balls while she jacked me with her right. My hands were on her soft tits. Her nipples were already hard. Ashley looked me in the eyes and I returned her gaze. She had a smoldering lustful gleam. She leaned forward kissed me roughly pushing me back in the chair. The music started. Ashley hesitated then stood and walked away licking her fingers slowly and sensually.

I watched as the ladies slowly walked by as the music played. When the music ended the fourth time Anna sat on my lap. Her dress rode up her thighs as she sat. I felt her skin on mine. She wiggled and ground against my exposed cock. I pulled her to me and kissed her gently at first but soon with more passion. I could feel her moist pussy lips as they brushed my fully hard cock. It drove me mad with desire. My hands were on her ass pulling her close to me. The music started.

When the ladies stood up Katya addressed us again. "You all seemed to get in the spirit of that game quite well. Let's change games. The next game is one you may know as "Seven Minutes in Heaven". Because you know each other so well you will have only have three minutes. Please get yourself a drink and enjoy yourselves while we set up."

I zipped up and adjusted my clothes. Deb and I met halfway to the bar. 

"Having fun?" I asked.

"Yes, I got to get to know Bob, Tony, Jim and Alberto a bit better." she answered with a wicked grin.

"You certainly looked like you were enjoying yourself hmmm?"

I shrugged and got us each a fresh drink.

"So how well do you know your new friends now?"

"Oh just some friendly kisses and .... about as well as you know the women you were with."

We mingled a bit. Alberto couldn't keep his eyes off Debbie. 

Ashley joined us. "I hope I get to go to heaven with you Ken. You won't mind will you Debbie? I bet you're looking forward to your own time in heaven the way you were grinding on Alberto." 

Debbie started to scowl at Ashley, but though better of it and smiled. 

"I'm sure we'll all have our chance. There's more than one person here I like to go to heaven with. Ken sends me to heaven all the time. It's only fair you get a chance."

With that she wandered off and started chatting with Vicki.

Katya invited us to the stage area. We gathered around to see a tall box about the size of a small bedroom closet standing on the stage. The door faced the audience.

Katya invited Ashley on stage. "Ashley will play God and choose the couples."

Ashley looked around then said, "Tony and umm uh ... Rhonda." 

Katya walked out and took Tony by the hand and led him to Rhonda. She had them hold hands and motioned them to the "closet". 

"Your time starts when the door closes."

They walked slowly to the stage and opened the door. We could see the small space. Rhonda looked back and leered before went inside shutting the door behind them. Everyone was quiet trying to hear what was going on. We heard bodies bumping the walls and some rustling. 

When the time was up Katya said, "Times up." and opened the door.

Rhonda's dress was around her waist. Tony's hands were on her large breasts. His shorts were undone. Rhonda gripped hard prick tightly in her right hand. Everyone hooted and hollered. They exited quickly rushing off stage left to put their clothes on.

"I think Alberto and Debbie should go to heaven next."

Debbie squeezed my hand, stood up and made her way to meet Alberto and on to the stage. Katya led them to the room closing the door behind them. 

My mind was racing. How far would they get in three minutes? We could all hear the bumping and muffled sounds of their tryst. Time dragged on. I was gulping down another drink when Katya called time and opened the door. Alberto's hand was at tight against the v of Debbie's legs. It was obvious that his fingers were deep inside her. Her hands held his head to her bare left breast which he covered with his mouth.  

I looked over at Lorena. She was biting her lip. I wasn't sure how she felt. Then I noticed her hard nipples straining at the light material of her dress.

Alberto and Debbie exited the stage to the applause of the crowd. 

Bob and Lorena were next.  About halfway through the three minutes I wondered where Debbie was. When I scanned the room I saw she was sitting with Alberto.

Just then the door on the closet opened. Bob and Lorena's time was up and they exited in disarray. 

They were followed by Ben and Vicki. When the door was opened at the end of their three minutes Vicki was kneeling in front of Ben. Her head blocked my view of his groin but the way it was moving back and forth it was obvious what she was doing and how much she was enjoying it. She stopped and looked back with a slightly embarrassed grin. Ben helped her to her feet and they hurried off adjusting their clothes as they went.

Ashley next called for me and Anna. The door closed behind us. I pulled her to me and kissed her passionately. My hand was on her chest teasing her large soft breasts. She moaned as I toyed with her hard nipples. I felt her fumbling with my shorts. My cock sprang out into her waiting hands. I slid her dress off her shoulders it gathered at her waist. My mouth was on her breasts. I kissed one then the other gently licking and nipping.

"I want to fuck you, you tease." I moaned. 

"We don't have enough time". She said as she cupped my balls. 

My hands stroked her back moving lower until they were on her round ass. I squeezed gently. I dropped to my knees and pulled her body to me. I kissed her belly, licking around the stud in her pierced navel. My kisses slowly descended her lower abdomen. My tongue felt her neatly trimmed bush then contact her slit. She was moist with her desire. My cock throbbed with lust. I gently lifted her pushing her back against the wall. Lifting her right leg I sucked her labia into my mouth and grazed it with my teeth then ran my tongue vertically the length of her slit. She moaned gently rocking up and down against my face. It what seemed like no time at all the door opened. We grabbed our clothes and hurried off stage. 

After we got our clothes back on we made our way to a seat and sat down together. Jim and Stacy were in the closet and we could hear them moving around. My arm was around Anna. I felt her hand on my thigh. We stroked each other as our bodies smoldered with lust. The closet started to rock more and more. 

When time was up and the door opened we were greeted with the sight of Stacy's legs wrapped around Jim's waist and his bare ass facing us. He had her pressed against the back wall and was rocking back and forth. A cheer went up from many of the watchers. Jim and Stacy didn't stop for the open door. Her arms and legs remained locked around his neck and waist.

I pulled Anna guiding her on to my lap. She continued to watch then moved her left leg across my body. She stood up enough to grab my hard cock and guide it into her warm moist sex. She braced her hands on my knees and pushed down. The velvety tightness surrounded my erection. I moaned as I returned the motion. Our eyes were still riveted on the stage. 

Ashley approached Jim and Stacy. She gently urged them out onto the stage. Jim reluctantly complied. Two young men rolled a large gym pad next to them. Ashley coaxed them toward her as she lay down pulling Jim to her. The three of them lay side by side on the pad and Ashley kissed Jim fiercely. 

Anna leaned back against my chest as she turned her face to the side to entice me to kiss her. I obliged as I fondled her breasts. 

When my attention returned to the stage Ashley was atop Jim. I could see his long dick as she bounced up and down on it. Stacy sat at Jim's side gliding her hands across Ashley's back and Jim's chest. 

Anna raised herself off me and my cock slid out. Standing she turned to face me, took my hands guided me to a mat that was now on the floor to our left.

She lay down on her back and spread her legs inviting me to enter her again. I knelt between her thighs and mounted her again. She moaned happily as I looked down at her. Her long hair fanned out on the map framing her face. Her eyes were bright with desire. Her breasts jiggled with every thrust.

I noticed movement to my right. When I turned to look I saw Ben lying on his back with Vicki's head bobbing up and down as she sucked him off. I looked around and saw that everyone was having sex with their closet partner on mats fanned out around the stage. 

Debbie was on the far side straddling Alberto. She was leaning back with her hands on his shins. Her head flung back with a look of utter wanton abandonment on her face.

I returned my attention to Anna when she pinched my nipple. 

"Look at Vicki sucking Ben. I've never been this close to someone else having sex. I can't believe she can take his whole cock that far in her mouth."

Vicki was deep throating Ben when I looked over which took some talent I observed as when I saw the size of his cock. Ben's hips started to jerk back and forth. He grabbed the back of her head and shot his load in her mouth. Vicki pulled back gulping most of the cum down but strings of it oozed out of her mouth as she gasped for air. She noticed Anna and me watching as she slowly and sensually wiped capture the stray love juice from her lips. Vicki examined the cum on her fingers then languorously lapped it up.

Anna's eyes were glazed with lust. I felt my cum rising up my shaft from my ball sac and couldn't contain it. I warned Anna and ground my groin tightly against hers. I forced myself as deep inside her as I could. I felt my seed boiling out and into her womb. As the first stream of my cum shot out I felt Anna's nails raking across my back. As the second stream erupted her legs locked around my waist and she screamed in my ear. When my third shot let loose I felt Anna's body shake as she came.

I collapsed on top of Anna. We were both panting from our exertions as well as the relief of our orgasm. Anna held me close as she nibbled my neck. I was still inside her with her legs still wrapped around my waist. 

We held each other for several minutes before I slowly rolled off of Anna and sat up to survey the room. Anna at my side sat up too. Anna pointed at her husband Tony who was lying on his back as Rhonda rose and fell riding his cock with wild abandon. We watched as his face contorted as his orgasm approached. Tony drove up deep into Rhonda then his hips shuddered in short bursts as he came.

Rhonda slowly stood up. Cum dripped out of her onto Tony's stomach. Her legs wobbled a bit before she settled back to the floor at his side.

I looked across the room and found Debbie sitting with Alberto taking in the wild debauchery. Seeing fifteen people locked the throes of lust or recently finished with their acts of passion. Debbie and I made eye contact and I wondered if she was as satisfied as I was.

Debbie's story

I was thrilled and nervous when Ashley called my name followed by Alberto's. While he isn't the man I'd most like to make love to in the group he certainly is the one most taken by me. I took his attention as a compliment. He made me feel sexy.

When we entered the closet and the door closed he quickly pulled me to his body. His lips were on my cheek, my chin, and finally my lips. His tongue probed my lips and pushed into my mouth as I responded. 

"I need you so much. I long to see you naked body and feel it entwined with mine." He said after breaking the kiss. 

His lips returned to my body kissing my neck multiple times before he descending to my chest. 
