 I was about half an hour late for my meeting with Mike, and I was sweating bullets. Mike was a big broad-shouldered guy in his late thirties. His most notable characteristic was his shiny bald head. For reasons I could never understand, women loved his shiny head. They always wanted to run their hands over it while he was eating their pussy. 

Mike was my bread-and-butter client, and I couldn't afford to lose him. He seemed not to notice my tardiness however, so I relaxed. In typical Mike Anderson form, he went to his office safe and got out a bottle of Glenlivet, saying, "It's five o'clock in Chicago." He poured each of us a healthy double shot, and we sipped it as we went over a list of deadbeats he wanted me to find. Finding people who weren't paying their bills isn't the most exciting work a private eye can do, but it keeps my bills paid. 

By the time we finished I was feeling pretty good. I had been laid twice during my early afternoon meeting with my new client, Sonia, and my follow-on meeting with my horny secretary, Sally, collected $500 from Sonia, and now had two strong belts of Scotch in me and enough new work to keep me busy for the next two or three weeks. All of that since noon. Hard to top a day like that. Little did I know, but the day was to get even better. 

Mike got up and poured us each another shot and then asked what I was doing this evening. 

"Sleeping, if we keep this up," I responded after I took another sip of Scotch. 

"How about you join me at the Lakers tonight," he proposed. 

"You have tickets for the Lakers and the Bulls? Sure you bet! What time does the game start?" 

He laughed. "No such luck pal. I meant dinner at the home of my new clients, Bill and Lucinda Laker." 

"So what do you need me for?" 

"Well, Lucinda invited me over for dinner, but I have to tell you, she is one horny wench, and I don't know of any way to ruin a lawyer-client relationship faster than fucking half the client base. I figured that since you are the least principled friend I have, I would bring you along, and if she wants to hop in the sack with someone, you can take a bullet for your old friend and best client." 

"Well . . .I've had stranger assignments," I said, thinking of my meeting with Sonia earlier in the afternoon. "Do I get paid for this?" 

Mike laughed, "Let me remind you of California Penal code sections 647(b) and 653.23 which make whoring and pimping a Class A misdemeanor of which you would be guilty, if I paid you, and I would be guilty, if I added your charges to my bill to the Lakers as an expense, which of course I would do . . . if I paid you that is. We don't either one of us want to go there." 

"Okay, but I hope you aren't going to tell me she has a great personality," I said. "When my fraternity brothers said that, I always wound up with the sisty-ugler." 

"Actually, she has a shitty personality but looks like a movie star, and, if my predecessor is to be believed, may possibly be the best piece of ass in the Western Hemisphere. That bit of knowledge is, of course, why he got fired and I now have the job. I don't intend to repeat his mistake." 

"Did he just get fired, or did he get shot, beat up, blackmailed or otherwise seriously abused by a jealous husband." 

"Just fired." 

Well, he can't fire me, I thought. "So what does this Lucinda look like?" I asked. 

Short and trim, dark hair, olive complexion, striking blue eyes, nice ass, and big tits that always seem to bounce like they are never encased in a bra," Mike responded. 

"Okay, I'll go. The things I do for my clients," I said, actually thinking more of Sonia than I was of any sacrifice I was prepared to make for Mike. 

"I will pick you up at 7:00 sharp," Mike responded. "Now get out of here, because I still have work to do this afternoon." 

We got to the Lakers' house about eight. The girl who answered the door was definitely not Lucinda, and it was definitely not a problem. She was a tall, striking black woman, with a milk chocolate complexion. She was wearing a gold dress which was very loosely knit and did very little to conceal a fabulous pair of tits and a very long lean pair of legs. The dress went almost to the floor, but was slit up one side to nearly the top of her hip. 

Mike apparently was well acquainted with this voluptuous creature, as he introduced me to her as Alicia. She greeted me with what I thought was going to be a peck on the cheek but turned into a slow languorous caress of my right ear with her snake like tongue. That combined with a very seductive perfume she was wearing just about made me weak in the knees. She finished the kiss and then said, "Bill and Lucinda are in the living room. Follow me." Her second sentence was combined with a world class "come hither" look. 

As she walked away, I realized just how transparent her gold knit dress was, as I got a great view of her gently swaying naked (well, almost naked) ass. 

I gave Mike a, who-is-she look, and he whispered, "Neighbor," to which I whispered in response, "I like the neighborhood." 

There was one step down to the living room, which I deftly managed not to trip over even though my eyes were fixated on Alicia's nearly naked ass. However, I soon found a distraction. The couple in the living room rose to great us. Mike introduced Bill, who was a broad shouldered, lean six two and was wearing a pair of Dockers and a casual shirt that seemed to be missing the top two or three buttons. However, I barely noticed him as I was introduced to a fabulous pair of tits, which happened to be barely concealed in a black net top that was wrapped around Lucinda. As with Alicia, the dress did little or nothing to conceal a fabulous body underneath. However, Lucinda's dress below the knit top was different than Alicia's. Instead of falling transparently to the floor, like Alicia's, it was a filmy black crepe that didn't quite cover her ass. I couldn't tell if she was naked beneath it like Alicia, but I was most hopeful that I would find out shortly. 

Mike introduced me, and Lucinda stepped forward and enveloped me in a greeting hug that mashed her delicous tits into my chest. As she broke the hug she deliberately dragged her chest to the left, rubbing her tits against my chest. 

Bill's greeting was a more straightforward handshake, but it was a challenge to tear my eyes off of his sumptuous-looking wife to look him in the eye while we shook hands. I managed, barely. 

Bill took drink orders and sent Lucinda, swinging her barely covered hips, off to the kitchen to get the drinks. God, that woman had a slinky walk. 

We all found seats and Mike and Bill immediately began talking business, more or less oblivious of Alicia and me. It was like we weren't even in the room. 

Alicia made one attempt at getting Mike and Bill to move on to a topic of more general interest. They apologized for talking business and then went right back to it. She looked at me and shrugged her shoulders. Then you could see her get an idea, as she gave me the most lascivious wink I could imagine. She leaned back against the couch and proceeded to cross and uncross her long legs a couple of times. As she moved, the slit in her dress caused the dress to slide to one side of her legs and after about the third try, with only a little help from her left hand, I was getting a great shot of a freshly shaved pussy. The other two men were oblivious, so finally she just sat with her legs spread showing me a delicious looking cunt. I made no pretense of not looking, as it was obvious that she wanted to show off to me because the others were ignoring her. 

About that time Lucinda came back in with a tray of drinks and instantly understood the situation. She said, "Can you boys tear yourselves away from business long enough for a drink?" As she spoke, Alicia demurely closed her legs, although she made no effort to cover them up. After she handed out the drinks, Lucinda dropped down on the couch next to Alicia, and, to my amazement, the other two men went right back to talking business. 

I gave the two girls a shrug of the shoulders that said, "Who knows what's wrong with them," and they both giggled. 

Lucinda, silently mouthed to me, "They are always like that." Then she whispered something in Alicia's ear to which Alicia responded with a whisper. 

My overheated imagination assumed the conversation was something like: 

"Were you showing yourself to our guest?" 

"Of course." 

"You are such a slut." 

"True, but no worse than you, when you're bored." 

Our host and my employer were oblivious. They just kept talking. Alicia took a long sip of her drink and spread her legs again for my enjoyment. Lucinda, feigned shock and then ran her hand slowly from Alicia's knee to the top of her leg, where she left it while giving me a very seductive look. Alicia was leaning back with her eyes closed, obviously enjoying Lucinda's massage of the inside of her upper thigh, while Lucinda just stared straight at me. 

When I returned her stare, she snaked her tongue out of her mouth and made a show of tracing it around her lips. All I could think about is how good that tongue would feel ministering to my already rigid cock. Then she put her free hand on one of her breasts and began to alternate between massaging the whole breast and pulling on its rock hard nipple, which was readily accessible through the wide knit of her top. At the same time she pulled one leg up so that she hooked her spike heel on the couch and gave me an excellent view of her pussy. Somehow, I wasn't surprised that Lucinda was naked beneath her skimpy dress. 

Eventually Bill surfaced from the business world long enough to say, "Lucinda dear, how long until dinner?" to which Lucinda responded, "That depends on when you go out and put the steaks on the grill." 

Bill quickly turned to Mike, saying, "Come on, let's go out and grill the steaks." As they left the room, their backs to us, Lucinda flipped them off, which caused both girls to break out into a kind of choked-off giggle. 

While Bill was temporarily surfaced from the business conversation, the girls had adopted a bit more subdued posture, although I am not sure that either of the departing guys would have noticed. 

After they left, Lucinda looked at me and said, "Well, Mr. Janison, were you enjoying our little show?" As she spoke I noticed that they had pretty much resumed the show, only now it was Alicia's hand massaging Lucinda's thighs, and Lucinda was working on each of her own tits. 

"Immensely," I responded. I continued to nurse my drink and to try to look cool. 

"Was it making your dick hard?" 

"I'm getting there." 

"Bullshit," said Alicia. "You looked like you were about to cum in your pants." 

I smiled and said, "Well, you need to understand my afternoon. First I had a new client come in who told me she wanted me to follow her and take pictures of her fucking men other than her husband,so she could show them to her husband to make him horny before they screwed. Before that interview was over, I found myself watching her frig herself with a dildo, and then I came all over her tits, all of which I took pictures of. After the client left, my secretary, who had been spying on us, came in and was so horny she just had to get laid, so I ate her pussy for awhile and then bent her over the desk and fucked her until her ears rang." 

Lucinda said, "That's a good story, but you left out all of the juicy details." 

As she said that Alicia slid two fingers into Lucinda's obviously wet, sloppy pussy. 

"Oh, I wasn't trying to hold back, and you two would obviously enjoy the details, but I suspect that the steaks will be done before I could finish." 

"Let's try," they said in horny harmony. 

"Okay, I'll give you all the details while I watch you masturbate." 

By this time they each girl had her clothes pulled up around her waist and was slouched on the couch, while she worked over her pussy. 

I said, "But if I tell you all of the 'juicy details,' and they are juicy, you have to come by my office next week and let me fuck you until your ears ring." 

"Why next week?" Lucinda asked as she slipped two fingers in and out of her glistening pussy. "Why not tomorrow?" 

"Because I have to go to Frisco and track down deadbeats for Mike the rest of this week. Much as I like to fuck, I also need to eat." 

"Okay," they both murmured somewhat breathlessly. "But we're both going to be really horny waiting for you," Lucinda added. 

So I proceeded to tell them all of the details of my encounter with Sonia and the rather furious fuck with Sally that followed while they rubbed their tits and diddled themselves. 

During the course of my story, Alicia came twice and Lucinda came once. Lucinda was fast approaching another climax when we heard the screen door slam and Bill announce that the steaks were done. 

"Oh damn! Now I have to go get the rest of the dinner on the table, and I was just about to cum again. Now I will be horny as hell all the way through dinner," Lucinda said. 

"What's the difference?" Alicia responded. "You are always horny." 

"True, true." Lucinda responded. "That is one of the good things about my life. I spend just about all my waking hours either thinking about sex or actually having sex. How do other people get through life without the obsession with sex that I have?" 

As Lucinda sauntered towards the kitchen, she swung her hips seductively, and then paused at the door to pull her skirt up over her ass to give me one good last look. She had the cutest little round ass. I couldn't help thinking about how good it would be to be hanging on to that ass with both hands while I plowed my dick into her cunt from behind. 

Alicia got up from the couch and walked over to me. She sat down, one leg on either side of me, with her dress bunched up around her waist. Being always a gentleman, I reached around her and grabbed one lovely chocolate ass check in each hand. My cock was really hard now, straining against my trousers. Alicia reached behind her neck and released something on her dress that let the top fall down around her waist. Her beautiful brown tits were right in front of my face, so I begin to suck on her already hard nipples. I was in heaven and she must have been happy too, because she was moaning quietly. We kept this up for at least five minutes, until we heard Lucinda standing in the doorway. 

"If you two can tear yourselves away from each other, dinner is ready." 

I tried to pull my head back, but Alicia just held it in place for a few more moments as I continued to suck on her tits. 

Finally she stood up and turned to Lucinda with her dress still bunched around her waist and asked, "Are we dressing for dinner?" 

"Hmm. Interesting question. Well, let's say no one should be more than half naked." 

Alicia responded, "Let's make it not less than half naked. Those guys can be so stuffy and technical sometimes." 

"Great idea!" 

As we walked into the dinning room, Alicia let her dress fall completely so the only thing she was wearing was a pair of high heeled sandals and then she turned to me and said, "Be a love and lend me your sports jacket." She put my jacket on, and sat down at the table naked from the waist down and with her tits, still glistening with my saliva, hanging out the front of the jacket. 

Meanwhile Lucinda had pealed off her net top, and was unfastening her husband's trousers. 

Within a few minutes all three guys were naked from the waist down and seated in a row, with a girl in between each guy. 

Lucinda announced that the rule was no touching members of the opposite sex until we were through with the main course. Alicia reluctantly let go of my and Mike's cocks and put both hands on the table. As we ate dinner, Lucinda proceeded to repeat the story of Sonia's and Sally's misdeeds of earlier in the day. Alicia couldn't resist occasionally cheating by reaching under the table and stroking my cock for a moment or two. Being a gentleman, I reciprocated by occasionally sliding two fingers into her sloppy wet pussy. 

I think that we all actually ate faster to get past Lucinda's no touching rule. 

Finally, I noticed Mike reach over and begin to caress Alicia's tits. Lucinda, said, "Hey, you two are cheating." 

Mike responded, "No, I just decided I want a different kind of meat than steak." 

"Me too!" chimed in Alica. 

"You guys are worthless," complained Lucinda, ignoring the fact that I had two fingers shoved up her pussy. 

"But if that is the way we are going to play, then I want Mr. Janison here to eat my pussy." With that she stood, peeled her last garment off and hopped up on the table so that her legs were on either side of me. I looked over at Bill, but he had moved to the end of the table and was slowly stroking his dick, seeming to be content with watching the action. 

I took that as an okay and began to probe Lucinda's slit with my tongue while I massaged her tits with both hands. Lucinda responded by grabbing my head and pulling it firmly against her crotch so that I couldn't have quit if I had wanted to. After a minute or two, I began to nibble at her pussy lips as I removed my right hand from her tit and slid three fingers into her cunt. At first I twirled my fingers while I continued to nibble her pussy lips. I could tell from her moaning that she was getting pretty hot, so I changed my finger action to start just shoving them hard and rhythmically up her cunt to simulate a hard fucking. At one point, I pulled my fingers back hard against the front wall of her pussy, probing for her G-spot. After a couple of tries I knew I had found it because Lucinda screeched, "Fuck yes," loud enough to be heard across the street. 

Meanwhile, my tongue sought out her clit and began to flick it in time to my finger-fucking. After about 60 seconds of that, she came with a scream and a rush of cream hit my face. 

Lucinda then slid down off the table so that she was astride my lap. My rock hard cock quickly sought out her pussy. She was really tight from having just climaxed, but it only took a moment or two to work my way into her. 

"Oh god, you're big," she said, "And you are so . . . fucking . . . hard!" 

She was just tall enough so that her feet were reaching the floor and she began to use them as leverage to pump herself up and down on my cock. I just sat there and fondled her delicious tits while she fucked me. While I was good and hard, I had already climaxed twice that day, so I felt like I could keep going forever. That seemed to be okay with Lucinda who was riding my cock for all she was worth. She was groaning a lot, but showing no sign of coming to an immediate climax, and she was working her cunt muscles so that it felt like she was trying to milk my cock. 

I heard the slap slap of someone's balls hitting a cunt and looked to my right. Alica was leaning on the table and Mike was fucking her furiously from behind. Alicia was getting pretty vocal 

"Oh fuck, that's good! Fuck me! Yes fuck me with that big, hard dick of yours. Just keep pumping it in me. Oh fuck, that feels good!" 

Meanwhile Bill walked over and stood next to his wife with his cock in her face. She leaned over and began to suck on it while she maintained her pace of fucking me. After a few minutes of that, I could tell she was getting really hot and then she came with a string of obscenities that would have made a sailor blush (but not any of the people in the room). When her pussy muscles clamped down on my cock, that got me off with an eruption into her cunt. About the same time, I heard Mike and Lucinda climax. Bill finished things by pulling his cock out of his wife's mouth and squirting cum all over her face and chest. 
