 It's been a while since I last posted a story about Debbie and Ken and their lust filled adventures on a Private Island. If you're a new reader, you can get the whole story by starting with Chapter 1. The short version is our couple receives a mysterious invitation to a weeklong expense free trip to a private island. Each day they explore new sexual adventures with their fellow guests and staff. My thanks to readers who have taken the time to leave helpful comments and send encouraging notes, especially those asking for the story to continue. I welcome both positive and negative feedback as it helps me grow better. (hopefully) I do however find it odd that people reading fantasy stories wish to interject their moral views but so be it. 



Part VI – Thursday

I woke up around ten in the morning. Debbie lay next to me on her side, still asleep. Her slim body was only partially covered by the sheet. One well toned, tanned, bare leg was uncovered. Her arm covered one breast, but the other was exposed. The paleness of the breast contrasted with the tan of the skin around it. I reached over and gently stroked her cheek with the back of my hand. She stirred slightly but didn't wake up. I gazed at the peaceful look on her pretty face. We'd had a long day and a very eventful night that went late. 

I felt refreshed from the sleeping in. I got up out of bed trying not to disturb Deb and went into the bathroom. When I was done, I quietly made my way to the foyer. I found the day's itinerary in an envelope near the door. I opened it to discover that we were invited to lunch at Kathy and her husband Glenn's villa. We'd met Kathy, one of the resort owners, yesterday. I made my way to the kitchen to make coffee.

Once the coffee was brewing I read the rest of the note. For the evening the entry said "TBD" Every other day the evening event was clearly stated. This entry along with the lunch invitation made my mind race with questions. 

I poured two cups of coffee and went back in the bedroom. I placed the coffee cups on the end table closest to Deb then sat next to her. I stroked her back and shoulders and in a low voice urged her to wake up. She slowly opened her eyes and smiled when she saw me.

"What time is it?" Deb asked sleepily.

"About 10:30. We have a lunch date with Kathy at noon. Rise and shine."

I kissed her then she sat up. I handed her a cup of coffee. We sat and sipping the hot brew for a few minutes then Deb slid off the bed and headed into the bathroom. I heard the shower start a few minutes later and joined her.

I handed Deb a towel when she stepped out of the shower. She looked great. The water beaded on her naked body. 

"Are we still fine? I mean after yesterday and um I guess the whole week?

Last night at the party in the ballroom we had fooled around with all of the guests of the opposite sex before pairing off with one of them to have sex. When the party broke up we ended up at Alberto and Lorena's villa where I had sex with Lorena and my wife while Alberto watched.

Deb smiled demurely and answered. "Yes, were good. Besides I told you last night I hope to live out a few fantasies. I'm looking forward to our last few days here."

We had spent the previous five days at the private island resort. On four of them we had been introduced to erotic situations that allowed us to explore our sexuality. It started with a sensual massage by the staff. The next day we watched a live sex show that ended with oral sex performed on us by one of the staff while we watched our partner receive oral. We witnessed a live sex show with one of the guest participating and finally last nights orgy with the remaining five other couples.

Not all of the guests were still on the island. Some had left after the 2nd day. Others left as the week went on. One couple had apparently separated as a result of the live sex show. Ashley, the wife was still on the island. No one was forced or coerced to do anything they didn't want to. We could bail out any time.

Debbie gave me kiss before I entered the shower. When I finished I got dressed. Debbie was wearing a lime green bikini with a cotton cover up. She wore light make up and was using a blow dryer and brush to her hair. I donned a blue swim suit and Hawaiian shirt. Swimwear is the accepted attire for daytime at the resort. About ten minutes later there was a knock on the door.

We opened the front door and were met by Brian, one of the staff who Debbie had got to know very well earlier this week. He greeted her with a less than formal kiss. She responded in kind pulling him to her. We made our way to a Mercedes sedan. Brian opened the door and we got in the back seat. 

A container of cocktails and two glasses with ice were waiting for us. We helped ourselves to the drinks while Brian drove on. The drive was about 45 minutes on unpaved, but well maintained roads that snaked through the vibrant verdant terrain. The only wildlife we could see were colorful birds flitting about. We did pass several sizeable estates on the drive. We arrived at a walled estate nestled in a hilly forested area. Brian pulled up to the door and we exited the car.

Brian led us inside and out to the pool. We were greeted by Kathy; an attractive blond woman who I guessed was in her fifties, though she looked more youthful. She wore a one piece gold and brown swimsuit that complemented her busty figure. Her stomach was flat and her legs were toned. I'm not sure if genetics, exercise or science could take the credit though I would guess a bit of all three. She flashed a brilliant smile and led us to meet her husband and guests who were enjoying cocktails in chaise lounges poolside.

Kathy's husband Glenn appeared to be in his mid fifties. His hair was a mix of silver and dark brown. He too was in good physical condition. He had the build of an athlete, broad shouldered and well muscled. He greeted us with a big smile and me with a firm handshake.

We were introduced to a second couple, Christina and Edmund. Christina is a tall stunning brunette in her early forties. She wore a turquoise bikini that showed off her ample bust and muscled abdomen. Edmund is a handsome man his late fifties, brown hair with grey at the temples. He was tall and whipcord thin. He looked like an aging leading man.

We were offered drinks and accepted them. After some small talk we were invited to sit at an outdoor table and served a light lunch, a salad, broiled fish, and fresh fruit. Christina sat to my left and Kathy to my right. The women were flanked by their husbands who had Debbie similarly bracketed. The small talk continued. 

When we began dessert Glenn started to explain their involvement with the resort. Both couples were part of consortium of like minded owners who shared a love of living part of the year in the tropics as well as a hedonistic lifestyle. They were swingers and voyeurs who decided to put their wealth to use to indulge their favorite vices. 

About half way through Glenn's oratory I felt a spacey buzzed feel kicking in. My tactile senses were also becoming more sensitive as well. We were pretty sure that since we arrived on the island we were being fed some mixture of drugs that lowered our inhibitions and heightened our senses. The agreement we had signed for a free vacation contained a lot of clauses we should have read in detail.

I felt a hand wandering on my left thigh. When I looked down I saw Christina's fingertips lightly dancing up my leg. I glanced her way and she smiled knowingly. I looked over to see Edmund put his arm around Debbie's shoulder. She glanced his way, and then mine, her slight smile let me know she didn't object.

Glenn continued on, "You are members of the first group of guests we've invited to stay on our island. We and the other owners decided to invite some nice looking couples and entice them into sexual situations so we could watch. We didn't want porn stars. We wanted couples who could grow into living out their fantasies. I must say we've all enjoyed watching you on the closed circuit cameras"

We have been able to view our own sexual adventures on the televisions in our rooms the day after they occurred. Apparently the owners could view everyone. Yet another one of the missed clauses in the contract we'd signed. At this point I wasn't surprised to hear that the video feed was being watched.

"Kathy and I found you two to be the most appealing of the remaining guests. Chris and Ed agreed with us; so we invited them to join us today. We wanted to meet you both in person."

Ed's hand had moved down Debbie's torso and rested on the side of her breast.

Glenn stood up and said. "Would you like to see our entertainment center?"

Kathy and Chris arose and Ed helped Debbie to her feet. When I stood up Chris took me by the arm and led me after Glenn. Kathy walked with us while Ed and Debbie brought up the rear.

Glenn led us through a large two story room to an equally large room in the center of the house. A battery of large HD plasma screens blanketed the wall on my right. An A/V console and mix board was on the left in the room which had multiple large couches. Several doors on the opposite wall led to darkened rooms.

Glenn walked to the console and pressed several buttons. The screens lit up. One of the 60 inch screens displayed our tryst last night with Lorena and Alberto, another showed the video from Tuesday of Brian sliding his cock inside my wife, and a third screen aired the video of Katie sucking me off.

"As you can see we have a marvelous system and we do enjoy watching the live feed or video. But real life is better" Kathy said.

I felt a hand caressing my ass and looked to my side to see it was Kathy. I again looked to Debbie. Ed's arm was around her and he was cupping her right breast. When we made eye contact Debbie smiled and moved her eyes in Ed's direction then leaned into his groping hand. She didn't mind the attention. Ed led her to a couch facing the screens. Kathy led me to a couch that was situated behind them, sat down and pulled my onto the couch to her left.

We watched the video feed for several minutes before Kathy turned to face me and slid her hand down inside the front of my swimsuit.

"I've enjoyed watching you as you've been introduced to our island and our lifestyle. I'd like to enjoy you for myself. I don't know how you feel about older women. Do you find me attractive?" She asked as she stroked my shaft."

I nodded dumbly. She was about twenty years my senior but was still very attractive and sensual.

"Good because I have plans for you and so does Chrissie."

I felt the weight of another body to my left. Soft lips nuzzled my neck and moved up to my ear. 

Christine whispered seductively into my left ear. "I have plans for you and your cute little wife after Kathy and I are done with you. I'd love to watch Debbie eat my pussy while my Eddie fucks her in the ass." 

I was taken aback. Debbie had never been with a woman and we had never tried anal sex. We'd talked about it by she was reluctant to try and I never pushed it.

Chris swirled her tongue inside my ear while dragging her long fingernails across my chest and continued saying. "You don't think getting fucked by multiple men and her first woman would be too much for her in one day do you?" 

My mind was racing almost as fast as my cock was hardening. Kathy pulled it free from my swimsuit and stroked it twisting her hand around it and up and down. Debbie said she wanted more men yesterday. She never showed any interest in women. My fuzzy brain wondered how she would react. Would we be on the next plane to the mainland? 

Chris pulled my face to her and kissed my lips hard. Her tongue pushed past my lips and teeth worming inside my mouth dancing with my tongue briefly. She broke off the kiss for a moment then bit my lip before kissing me again. Her hand was pinching my nipple. I felt Kathy's mouth engulf my hard cock. Chris continued to kiss me again while Kathy slid her mouth up and down my shaft. 

Chris's mouth moved slowly down to my neck, then to my chest. She paused to flick her tongue against my left nipple before nipping it as she stared into my eyes. Her fingernails grazed across my stomach. Kathy slid off the couch between my legs wetly working my cock with her mouth.

I could hear Debbie moaning with pleasure and looked over at the couch she was on with Glenn and Ed. I couldn't see them, but the view on the screens had changed. On the screen to the left I could see a view from above looking down at Glenn and Ed with their mouths on Debbie's boobs. Ed had two fingers buried in Debs pussy. Her head was thrown back, eyes closed, biting her lower lip.

The screen on the right was a similar view Kathy, Chris, and I. I watched and felt Kathy let my cock go and move downward. Her lips were on my ball sack, her tongue rapidly licking one of my balls before she drew it entirely into her mouth. Chris kissed her way down to my groin and opened her mouth to swallow my cock.

My hands caressed and stroked the heads of the two women pleasuring me. I looked down to watch them. Waves of pleasure ran through my body. My hips were rocking in response to the stimulation. Chris took me deep into her mouth and her throat. Her lips touched the base of my cock before she slurped back up the shaft wetly releasing it. Her eyes locked on mine for a second before she deep throated me again.

I leaned back resting my head with my eyes closed. When I opened them to see the screen on the left showing an empty couch. I looked around the dark room and didn't see Debbie or the men. I didn't know when they left of where they went.

My gaze shifted back down to the two women when I felt one of them, it turned out to be Kathy, urging me to shift my hips closer to the edge of the couch. I complied and she started to lick between my legs. A second later her tongue touched my anus lightly. She pushed her tongue into my asshole moving it around. Then she stopped and stood up and moved away tapping Chris and motioning her to follow.

Kathy walked toward one of the doors on the far side of the room. Chris took me by the hand and led me to follow Kathy. Kathy shed her bathing suit when the entered the darkened room. She turned on the lights which emitted a soft glow on the large mattress on the floor surrounded by various large pillows and cushions. Chris unbuttoned my shirt and pushed it back off my shoulders. My swim suit was on the floor of the other room. She slipped out of her bikini exposing her large breasts and hairless pubis before leading me to the mattress.

Chris lay down and pulled me along with her. She kissed me and I kissed her back. My hand moved to Chris's breasts. I could feel Kathy pushing my legs apart and her lips on my inner thigh. She kissed and licked around giving minor attention to my balls and prostate before returning to my ass. She licked my asshole again and pushed her tongue up inside it. 

Her tongue was wet and warm. Her mouth moved away and she pushed a finger tip into my ass. I pulled back a bit and she responded taking the tip of my cock in her mouth and sucking on it. I tensed, and then relaxed enjoying the sensation. As soon as I relaxed she inserted the rest of the finger in my ass. It felt different, but good. 

Chris pressed her breasts at my face and I responded by taking a small, but hard nipple in my mouth. Her hand grabbed the back of my head pulling me to her bosom. Kathy was wetly sucking up and down my shaft her finger stroking my prostate. Chris straddled me and rose up pulling her breast away from my mouth. She moved her loins toward my head until her pussy was inches from my lips. My head lurched forward to lick it.

My tongue moved in and out of her pussy and up and down her slit. She got very wet very quickly. Her hands were at the back of my head pulling me to her. I heard her moan as she rocked her hips back and forth rubbing herself from my nose to my chin while I licked her and sucked on her clit. My hands stroked her breasts.

"Oh yeah, eat my pussy honey. Mmmmm ggghhh, yeah, mmmm. Chris moaned.

Shortly Kathy stopped sucking me and straddled my hips to mount my hard cock. Her pussy descended slowly onto my shaft. She worked herself slowly down its length and when she achieved full penetration she braced her hands on my hips and pushed up and slammed back down fucking me hard and fast.

Chris leaned back toward Kathy. I could see her head turn to the side to return a wet kiss from Kathy just before Kathy's hands joined mine to squeeze and rub Chris's tits. 

Chris spun around to face Kathy. I craned my neck to look around her body and saw that they were locked in and embrace kissing. Chris lowered her snatch and ground it against my mouth. I responded by sucking her lips and clit. Kathy continued to fuck me ferociously. I could feel my cum building up at the base of my shaft. 

I bucked pushing up inside Kathy and shot my load inside her. She pumped up and down and groaned in response. She and Chris broke off their embrace. 

Kathy told Chris, "He came inside me and I haven't cum yet, finish me."

Kathy lifted off of my cock and lay down on her back. Chris leaned forward. I couldn't see what was happening but between the rocking motion from Chris on my face and the moans from Kathy I surmised that Chris was eating Kathy. Chris's pussy was getting wetter against my face.

Both women were moaning. The cum was flowing from Chris into my mouth and Kathy was whimpering with pleasure. 

"That's it.  Oh my. Yeahhhsss, eat me you horny bitch. Fucckkkk yes. I'm cummmming. Oh shiiit Yes. Fuck." Kathy screamed. 

The more she screamed the more Chris came. My chin, nose and cheeks were soaked. Finally Chris lifted off me and lay with Kathy kissing and cooing. I sort of felt like the odd man out but I was a bit exhausted by it all so I lay panting. Shortly the two women returned their attention to me and lay on either side of my stroking my body and each others. 

"My turn next and If you cum before I do little Debbie is going to have to finish the job."

Video monitors came to life in the room to display Debbie with Glenn and Ed.

Debbie's tale.

We arrived at the villa and were met by Kathy who I spent Wednesday morning with. She introduced us to her husband Glenn, an attractive athletic older man, and Chris and her husband Ed. Ed reminded me of a college professor I had a crush on my freshman year. He was tall and rangy, and very good looking. He was a little touchy, but I didn't mind. We had finished lunch and some drinks we were invited to see the video room. 

Once we were inside the video room the screens showed movies of our escapades from the last few days. I was feeling excited and a little high. Ed quickly let it me know what he wanted when he started stroking and touching me. We sat on a couch in the theater and Glenn joined us. The two of them were all over me. Having two men stroke my body and kiss me excited me. A lot. They weren't hot young studs like Brian, but they were both handsome and well built. Before I knew it my bikini was pulled aside and their hands were on my bare breasts and inside my pussy.

Ed had two fingers inside me stroking in and out when her whispered in my ear.

"We're going to both fuck you. Would you like that? You like Glenn and I enough to let us please you right? You want two cocks in you at once, yes?

I slurred, "Yesss. Mmmmm mmm. I do."

I felt outrageously horny and I'd fantasized about being with two or more men, but I'd never done it before. I started to rock my hips in response to Ed's fingers. Glenn took my hand and slid it down his swim trunks and onto his waiting cock. I grabbed it and stroked it feeling it begin to harden. It was big. Glenn pulled my face to his and kissed me gently. His tongue slipped into my mouth and swirled around my tongue. I kissed him back.
