 Lisa and I had become close friends with Jimmy and Molly shortly after Lisa and Molly began working together. They were two peas in a pod and Jimmy and I certainly got along well enough. We spent a fair amount of time together, going to each others' houses, going out to eat, even taking a vacation together. This is no story of pornstar proportions - both women meeting more 'realistic' standards. Don't get me wrong. I love my wife dearly, and she certainly got my juices flowing for reasons beyond the fact that she was my wife. She carried some extra weight, but that did add to certain aspects. I loved her ass, especially when we were fucking and I would enter her from behind. It was a great feeling to bang against that cushion, and it also provided the right amount to get a good hold of. But, better than that, the extra weight gave her a great set of DD tits. I loved playing with them, kissing them, licking and sucking them, and took it as a great treat when she would straddle me and just brush them over my body, using little more than her nipples to hold my attention. Yep, she was more than enough for me.

At the mention of our first vacation, I do have to admit I was a little excited as ideas ran through my head. Molly was shorter than my wife without quite as much extra weight. That did mean smaller tits, probably a C cup. But she caught my attention as she was a little more outgoing in presenting herself. The jeans were a little tighter, the tops cut a little lower, and the bra straps that hung out were a myriad of colors. She was definitely doable. But our first vacation was a stay in a 2-bedroom cabin that yielded little to no 'extra-curricular' activity, even between my wife and myself. 

"We have our own room. And we're married, we're supposed to do that," I argued.

"But not our own bathroom for afterwards," she retorted. "You wouldn't want me to head to the bathroom naked to clean up only to have Jimmy head to the bathroom at the same time, would you?"

I just let out a little grunt, seemingly to agree, but also to hide my indecision, considering the new, adventurous air it could lend to the trip. 

It didn't happen. 

But life did. Kids came, we moved out of state, and all found ourselves with much less time and disposable income. The girls kept some contact, but we rarely saw each other. But after a few years with only the occasional quick visit as we happened to travel past the other, I was excited when my wife presented the idea of getting together with them again for an intentional weekend together. The realities of life caught up to the situation and it would simply be a two-night weekend somewhere in between our respective homes. I was a little more excited when it was explained that the kids would be left behind for some time to just be adults. But due to finances, we would be sharing a double room at the hotel. "After all, we would all be hanging out together in one room or the other anyway, other than sleeping. And when we are sleeping, who cares anyway," my wife explained.

"A weekend in a hotel without the kids. Need I say more?"

"A weekend in a hotel hanging out with Jimmy and Molly, not wasting the day in bed."

"Then I better get some before we leave, or I might quite possibly be intolerable."

"We'll see." With her finalization of the conversation, I knew it was out of my hands.

~~~~~~~~~

The weekend finally arrived and we drove a couple of hours to arrive late Friday afternoon just about the same time as Jimmy and Molly. What can I say? The girls are good at planning. We spent the evening sharing stories about the kids, grabbing a bite to eat, and playing cards. I was a little disappointed that there wasn't even mention of going down to the pool and hot tub. Sure, there wouldn't be any funny business in the hotel pool area, undoubtedly occupied by a mob of children and overly protective mothers. But at least I would get to steal a few looks at my wife and Molly in their suits, probably the least I would see them in all weekend. Pretty sad when you spend a weekend in a hotel with your wife and the least you see her wearing is a swim suit in the public pool.

When it was decided that bed time had arrived, it was all rather mechanical. Jimmy and I each took our turns in the bathroom as we would undoubtedly take less time than the girls. I took a leak, changed into my gym shorts, then headed back out. Molly went next while the rest of us puttered around the room, picking up, finishing drinks, and cracking a last few jokes. When I heard the bathroom door open, I took a quick, seemingly instinctive look to find Molly emerging in a pair of shorts and a tank top. It certainly wasn't anything overly exciting as I got more of a rise out of seeing her discarded bra lying on the top of the pile of clothes that she carried out. A nice light blue, it obviously had a fair amount of lace and I was left to only imagine the sight of her tits wrapped in the bra, her nipples peaking out at me.

As Lisa took her turn in the bathroom, the rest of us finished the duties in the room, turned off all of the lights except for the one between the beds, and started climbing into bed. Knowing that sleeping in nothing but my boxers like normal would be a major party foul in this crowd, I did decide to compromise and pulled my t-shirt off before climbing into bed.

"Hey now. Don't forget this is a shared room." I looked over to see Molly watching me and giving me that grin that indicated she knew she was implying much more that I was actually going to give.

"Sorry. If it offends you, too bad," I threw back. "I just stay way too warm sleeping to keep it on." And I slid into my own spot under the sheets. 

As I slid into bed, the bathroom door opened and Lisa came out in the expected pajama pants and t-shirt.

"You two must be quite the combination in bed," Molly stated, watching my wife put her clothes away and walk towards our bed. 

Lisa paused and gave her a bit of a funny look as she let out a tentative "Why?"

"He said he is always hot in bed and you look like you are always cold."

"Yeah, that's about right," Lisa said as she continued into bed.

With that, the last light went out and the TV was turned off. It was nearly dark, other than the vanity light that was left on, providing little more than a nightlight for the possible bathroom run after so many drinks. Before our eyes really adjusted, the dark seemed to isolate each bed into its own existence as each couple settled in to drift off to sleep. My wife, as usual, lay on her side with her back to me, so I took the opportunity to slide in behind her and cuddle up. Knowing better than to push things with even a little play, I simply formed my body to hers, wrapped one arm around her waist with my hand on her tummy and began to relax. Ok, so maybe I did give just a gentle thrust or two with my hips. Just enough to let her know I appreciated her there next to me. With our friends only a few feet away, I was pleasantly surprised when she gave a little grind back, then quietly whispered "Good night."

After a week of work, a bit of a drive, and then a few drinks, it didn't take me long to begin to drift off. Even before I did, I could hear Lisa's breathing settle into that slow rhythm of sleep. I'm not exactly sure how long it was before I drifted back into a state of semi-awareness and heard some movement from the other bed. I figured someone was just readjusting to a better sleep position. But then I heard what I was sure was the gentle smack of lips kissing. From my position behind my wife, I could look over her shoulder to see Jimmy and Molly lying in their bed. My eyes had obviously adjusted to the darkness as the vanity light seemed to provide a considerably better view than it had when we first went to bed. 

And what a sight it was. Molly was lying nearest to us, on her back. Jimmy was next to her on his side. She had her head turned towards him and they were definitely kissing, albeit softly and quietly. He had one arm around her, resting on her ribs about as close to the side of her tit as he could get without actually grabbing it. A glance lower showed that her hand closest to him was lightly rubbing the inside of his thigh right at the bottom of the leg of his shorts. I don't know about him, but it drove me crazy when Lisa did that to me. I also knew if I woke up my wife I would not only be in trouble with her, but would probably also end the little show going on across the way. There was no way I was going back to sleep, so silently as I could I slid my hand to my wife's hip and resigned to just take in the sights. 

Gradually, the kissing became more intense and the noise just a little louder. As Molly curled her fingers up and into the leg of his shorts, Jimmy slid his hand from her ribs to gently cup her tit. He kneaded first one, then the other as I lay there silently watching. My own cock began to rise to the occasion and I have to say, that even though she was asleep, the friction against my wife's ass only added to the stimulation as my cock worked its way towards full mast. Meanwhile, across the way, Jimmy became more specific and began teasing and pulling at Molly's nipples through the fabric of her tank top. Even with the minimal light, I could clearly see he wouldn't have any trouble finding those through her shirt. They were trying to find their own way out through the fabric.

As I lay there, I had a bit of a reflective moment. Was this really happening? I had fantasized more than once about Molly, and now here she was, feet away, being molested. Yes, I really was awake. How far would this go? Personally, once started, I know I find it awful hard to pull up short. I knew enough about Jimmy to make an educated guess that he was probably about the same. But they wouldn't really fuck right there in front of us, would they? Certainly they would at least pull the covers up and over before anything got too racy, leaving me with nothing more than an audio version of my current peep show. And what if Lisa woke up? Would she turn away to give them at least a little privacy? Or would she speak up and end the whole event right then and there? With a definite twitch of my dick, my mind ran to the other extreme and wondered if she would follow the mood and start a little action of our own. No, no way she would go there. I knew my wife better than that. 

So I just lay there and watched as Jimmy continued to tweak one nipple, then the other. They broke their lip lock and as Jimmy proceeded to kiss her ear, neck, and then down to her shoulder, Molly turned her head away from him and rolled it towards us. I had been mindful to keep my eyes barely open. With the vanity light behind me, I knew there was no way for her to detect that I was awake and watching them. And yet, it was as if she looked over my wife's shoulder and locked eyes with me for just a moment, before closing her eyes again in a flush of pleasure. I looked down to find Jimmy had moved his hand from her tits to the bottom of her tank top and was working his hand under the material, inadvertently moving the bottom of the shirt up as his hand moved up her body. Molly had also moved her hand from the bottom of his shorts to the top, running her fingers just under the waistband. I had felt that enough to know that that little tease at the waistband is only the precursor to her hand sliding in and wrapping itself around his cock. 

I couldn't take it anymore. With my hand on Lisa's hip, I gave it a little squeeze as I pulled her hips back against my stiff cock just briefly. I released the pressure, moving my hand slightly forward and around to the front of her hip. I'm not quite sure where I was headed, but was quite surprised when Lisa moved her arm out of my way, tucked it under my arm, and grabbed my shorts, giving a little pull towards her, again ever so slightly pressing my cock into the crack of her ass. It felt incredible, even if there were several layers of material between us. 

More than just a grasp of my shorts, that little move was a big communication between my wife and me. That little tug of the shorts said "I'm awake, I know what's going on over there, and I'm in the mood." It was permission. With our increased movement, I checked with our roommates and they appeared to be entirely unaware of our being awake. Hell, I'm pretty sure they weren't even concerned with our presence at that point. Jimmy was making direct contact with Molly's nipples as her shirt had ridden up far enough to show the bottom bulge of her tits. Proving my prediction correct, Molly had worked her hand past the waistband of Jimmy's shorts and was giving his cock long, slow strokes just out of sight from my peeping eyes. There was no doubt Lisa was also watching and being inspired by the action in the other bed.

With my wife's silent permission, I moved my hand from my wife's hip up and directly under her shirt. There was no need to waste time starting the play through her shirt. At the same time, Lisa dropped her hand and wrapped her fingers around my cock through my shorts. I gave an appreciative little grind against her ass before relaxing again to allow her room to work with her hand. I decided to keep things moving right along and hooked the bottom of her shirt with my thumb as the rest of my hand worked up under her shirt towards those glorious tits I so loved to play with. In effect, I simultaneously pulled her shirt up while keeping contact with my fingers until I hit the crease at the bottom of her tits. With it being a little warm in the room, our sheet had never gotten pulled up beyond our waists. Any more movement of my hand and her bare tit would be exposed to Jimmy and Molly if they cared to look. I certainly didn't want to stop, but I also knew the conservative nature of my wife. My mind was made up for me, however, as my wife doubled her pace of my dick, trying to lend me a little extra motivation. Without further adieu, I focused solely on her shirt just long enough to pull it up and over both tits, fully exposing them to my touch as well as the eyes of our friends, if they had cared to look. As my fingers returned to her nipples, Lisa let out a quiet but definite sigh of pleasure. I checked in with our roommates to find that Molly's shirt had also been pulled up, revealing both tits to my peeping eyes. Molly had done some work of her own and Jimmy's cock was half way out the top of his shorts as she moved her hand up and down its length. I couldn't see Lisa's face from my position behind her, but I took her excitement to imply that she, too, was watching.

As I rolled a nipple between my fingers, Lisa insistently moved her hand to grab the waistband of my shorts and boxers at the same time and pulled them down below my balls, and then pulled them down over my hip so they would stay out of her way. She gave me a few quick strokes before stuffing my rock hard dick between her thighs. She then moved her hand around to her front and continued to stroke my cock and at the same time press it against her pussy. 

A large amount of movement from the other bed caught my attention and I looked over to find Molly rolling over on top of Jimmy and grinding her pussy against his shaft. With a neat trick new to me, from the squatting position, Molly hooked her toes in top of Jimmy's shorts and, with the extension of her legs, slid his shorts and boxers down his legs. From there, it was only a little kick on Jimmy's part for them to be completely off and out of the way. Jimmy reached down with both hands to grab her ass and pull her tighter to him. After a few squeezes, he ran his hands down her thighs, back up, and under her panties. With his hands still in her panties, he ran both hands down and between her legs as she instinctively spread her legs to give his fingers full access to her pussy. I could now clearly hear her breathing heavy and letting out little moans as he brushed over just the right spots.

With Lisa willingly exposing her tits for the entire room to see, and the sheet sill covering us from the waist down, I figured I was allowed some liberty so let go of her nipple and ran my hand down her body. With a certain level of urgency, I grasped both her pajama pants and panties in the back and pulled them down over her ass. She did have to let my cock slide from between her thighs, but I worked my way around her hip and then pulled the front down to get her pants down just below her ass. I reached back and gave her bare ass a firm squeeze before grabbing her by the hip and crushing my bare cock against her ass. She then forced her hand down between us to grab my dick and feed it back between her now bare upper thighs. With it again in place, she began to press back into my hips and then pull away, sliding my dick between her thighs and simultaneously pressing it against her clit and along her now very wet slit with her hand. 

Based on our previous experiences with just this kind of foreplay, I knew she was just strokes from rolling forward and shoving my dick into her pussy on the next upstroke. As I was getting ready to fuck my wife silly, another rush of movement from the other bed brought the two of us to an immediate standstill. There was no parting stroke, no moving apart, we simply froze exactly where we were, even holding our breath as Molly rolled off of Jimmy. Shit. We were busted. They no longer had the limited privacy of our being asleep. They would most likely be terribly embarrassed, throw the covers over themselves, and we would all spend an incredibly awkward and sleepless night before trying to find some way to avoid the giant elephant in the room for the rest of our time together. This could potentially be the end of our friendship.

Lisa and I lay there, still fully entwined, as we watched Molly stand up between the two beds, looking straight at us. My still-hard cock gave an involuntary twitch as Molly bent over and pulled her shorts and panties down to the floor. It probably seems like an odd time to ask, but none the less, "What the hell is going on here?" raced through my mind. Molly walked over to their suitcase, rummaged through, and as she pulled out a small package, looked straight and Lisa and I, and asked, "Do you guys want a condom too while I'm up?"

And there it was. This was definitely the point of no return for our little event. A "No thanks" meant Lisa and I were done, and there would undoubtedly be some awkwardness if Jimmy and Molly didn't break things off too. On the other hand, a "Yes, please" meant we were all about to go places Lisa and I had never expected to go prior to the last hour. 

At the speed of light, my mind was considering my options and at the same time trying to anticipate my wife's disposition towards the situation. After all, I really did want to stay married to this woman.

As it turns out, I didn't have to come to a conclusion. "Sure, if you have an extra," Lisa responded. 

"Absolutely," Molly confirmed as she tore two condoms from the strip and turned back towards us. 

Like lightning, in less time that it took Molly to cover the distance between their suitcase and our bed, my hand grabbed the top of Lisa's pants and panties and stripped them down her legs. She was certainly agreeable as she lifted and kicked her legs at the right time to assist in achieving her nudity. Molly walked right up to the side of our bed and as she handed me the condom, Lisa sat up, kicked the sheet completely off of us, and pulled my boxers down and off of me. As I worked to get the condom open and out, Lisa brought her hands back up and wrapped them around my dick as it now pointed straight up in the air and gave a few strokes, smearing the drips of pre-cum around the head before wrapping her lips around the head and giving it a good suck while working her tongue all over. I do love some good oral, so I took a pause from the condom to allow my wife a little time to work.
