 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is a fantasy, for a special woman.



Listening to my wife's girlfriends laughing and cackling drunkenly in the background made it harder to understand her slurred directions. She'd gone to Tammy's house for one of the more subdued girls nights; it was last minute, and only a small group for dinner and drinks at Tammy's house instead of the usual ten to twelve of them at a restaurant. All th girls had known each other since high school, some since grade school, an they were still close, and got together several times a year. Since Diane was off work the next day, I had agreed to pick her up so she could drink, and she'd gotten our daughter to drop her off. And now I was trying to find my way through an unfamiliar suburban neighborhood, following her drunken, laughing directions. 

Well, I finally found it, and she was out in the driveway, waving me down. I was neither irritated nor put out, despite the late night drive, because I like when she goes out with her friends; they have been close so long, and she has such a good time with them, retelling all their old stories. And her friends are mostly hot, although they've all aged a bit in the twenty plus years I've known them, and they're fun, and they seem to like me. But Diane, my wife, has them all beat. For what its worth she tells me I have all their husbands beat, too. 

So she walked me inside, and yeah, they were pretty lit up. There were a few empty wine bottles in evidence, and the remains of some light snacks on the table where they had gathered for the last few hours. The girls all greeted me, seeming more than usually appreciative. There were friendly kisses, and some welcome compliments, and some wardrobe observations from the ladies. I wasn't complaining; I loved the attention, and played along, returning the appreciative comments, and complimenting them.

I had agreed to give Mary a ride home; she was local to Terry, not too far out of the way, and clearly way too shitfaced to be driving. After my wife, she was always the hottest and she was the most friendly an open of all of them, and I always kind of had a thing for her. She just oozed sexuality, and I always thought she might have something for me, but she was married, and we were all friends. But it always seemed like more than appreciation for how I looked, like maybe she was jealous of our relationship, and tonight was no exception. 

She complimented me on being so nice as to take Diane home, and rubbed my shoulder as she spoke, admiring my jacket,telling me how nice I looked, and saying how much she appreciated our offer to drive her home, and that she didn't want us to go out of our way. "Are you sure it's not a problem?" she asked. "I can take a cab."

"Don't be ridiculous, Mare, of course not, I'm happy to." They were all drunk, so I poured it on. "I would never let you take a cab when I can drive you home,"  I told her with a big smile. Diane ha prepared me for Mary's objections. 

"Diane said you're taking the beach road home, so that's okay," she blurted. "If you were taking the usual way..."

"Stop," I told her, smiling, "you're not out of the way, and it's my pleasure."

"You are so nice," she smiled, and kissed me on the cheek. I looked to my wife as Mary announced to the group, "Isn't he wonderful?" in her drunken blathering, but I felt, then, that it was something she'd always wanted to say, "I love him," she continued, "Diane, you have such a good man here."

The other ladies, agreed, as Diane looked me over with a drunken, unfocused glare. 

"Yeah, Diane said you were taking the beach road home," Jenny said slyly. The beach route would be mostly empty this time of night, but it was a beautiful drive any time, and not too far out of the way. The girls were all laughing at the beach road comment. She said she-"

"Stop," Tammy interjected, "don't tell him."

"What?" I asked smiling, taking the glass of seltzer Tammy offered. She was offering me food, drink, everything, an over anxious drunk hostess. "What did she say?"

"I told them I was going to blow you on the way home," Diane blurted. 

I grinned, a little uncomfortably as the girls laughed and cheered. I looked at Diane, and saw she meant it. Who knows what the conversation gets like when the girls get together, alone? Anyway, it was funny, because Diane always becomes more open when she drinks, and often says sexual things she never says at home. I was looking forward to a nice adventure!

So we chatted about this and that; I tried not to be too sarcastic as they babbled drunkenly, and as these types of conversations continued, they repeated some of the highlights of their earlier talk, laughing like they never heard it before. Diane's blowjob comment led the way to each girl reviewing their personal favorite. Jenny mentioned getting a foot massage, and the other girls all said that Jenny had confessed that foot massages were her favorite thing. 

"I massage Diane's feet all the time," I told them, "when were watching TV she just plops them on my lap, and I rub away," I bragged." I don't think she likes it much, though." I grinned, and pushed. "But on massage nights, when she's on the table, she loves it." 

"O-oh, massage night," Tammy said, her grin tight and feral.

"You can massage my feet anytime," Jenny added, her eyes smoky and lidded with liquor. She was staying at Jenny's for the night. 

Not to be outdone, Diane offered, "You know what they all said their favorite thing was?" she asked me, and the girls laughed. "They like to watch their husband wash the dishes." 

"Wow, that's a little tame, ladies," I offered. "You really have to set your sights a little higher, you know, raise the bar a little." 

"No, it's hot," Tammy blurted defensively. "Watching him, you know," she trailed off, the though unfinished, as though I would understand what she meant. I didn't. 

"Yeah," Mary tried to explain. "Watching him," as though that explained it all. 

"Really, that's it?" I laughed, but good naturedly, along with the ladies. I spread my arms open, indicating the table."Well, it looks like there's plenty of things here to wash," I offered. "Would you like me to wash them for you?" It was silly, but all in good fun. Here, give me your empty glasses," I said, looking at each of them, "I'll wash them for you."

Diane laughed, and the girls passed their empty glasses and stacked the used plates and slid them across the table. Diane stumbled up from her chair and took the plates to the sink for me, and I took the empty wine glasses as the ladies cheered and arranged themselves to face the sink. "Ladies," Diane said to them in an exaggerated formality, after placing the dishes in the sink." My husband will now," she stroked my shoulders, "fulfill your deepest fantasies." They cheered behind me as I turned the water on. "And later," she told them, sliding her hand down to my butt, fondling me through the denim, "he'll fulfill mine." They hooted ad hollered like they were at a male review. She kissed me on the cheek and stepped away from me and leaned on the counter a few steps away. 

"Yeah, and we know what your fantasy is," Jenny called out, "and it's not a foot massage!"

I slipped my corduroy blazer off, and turned to face them. "I hope you are all comfortable, you drunken hussies," I jibed. I handed my jacket to my wife and began rolling my sleeves up, halfway.

"Ooh, yeah, peel it off, baby, get those arms all soapy and wet," Mary cheered, and we all laughed. It was innocent fun. 

"Okay," I asked, sleeves rolled, hands splayed to the audience. "Ready?"

"M-mm, I'm ready," Mary said.

"I am SO ready," Jenny echoed. 

I turned to the sink, and began washing dishes and glasses, as the girls made drunken comments under their breath behind my back. I couldn't really hear them over the running water, but I occasionally looked to the side to glance at Diane. Her head was down, and she looked at me with those hot, lidded eyes, and I thought about what was in store for the ride home. I felt a little stirring in my jeans. Playfully, I shift my feet, allowing my butt cheeks to dance for my audience. What women like; who can figure them?

"You're doing great," Diane said, so I could hear, and I turned to her. She was grinning. "I think you're turning them on," she tried to whisper, but being drunk, it was out loud. 

"Oh, yeah," Tammy hooted, like she was at a stripper show. "Wash 'em up, Jimmy!" The other girls hooted with her, and laughed. 

"Oh, yeah," Mary shouted dramatically, "I am getting so hot, Mr. Krause. She always called me by my last name, I don't know why. 

"You're kind of turning me on a little too," Diane said.

"Tell me this is turning you on," I joked with her.

"Nope," she said, "but thinking about sucking your dick is," she grinned. "And you performing for them is making me hotter." She stepped in, and leaned to me, and kissed me, on the cheek, then on the lips. I held a plate, rinsing under the faucet, and kissed her back, slipping a little tongue into her, and she responded as the girls cheered and hooted, and began making lewd comments about my butt.

"M-mm, you're making me so hot," she hissed so they couldn't hear. She stepped back from me, leaning her butt on the counter with her hands on the ledge. The position made her breasts jut out from her chest, straining against her shirt. She looked hot. She grinned. "I don't know if I can wait for the drive home!"

Now, I don't know if she meant to say that out loud to her friends, or if that was just for me and it came out too loud on her drunken state, or if there was some subconscious thing in her that made it blurt out loud, some inner desire that pushed her uninhibited statement. But the girls heard her, and cheered, and the lewd comments turned up a notch. 

"Yeah!" Jenny cheered. "Do him now, you slut!" she laughed. 

"Yeah, Diane," Mary echoed," we got our fantasy, you get yours!" They were off the hook drunk, and I grinned at Diane.

"Do it," Jenny cajoled, "suck his dick!"

There was sudden silence in the room, broken only by the running water, as I looked at Diane, and then she turned to see all the girls looking at her and each other, eyes wide at the use of the 'suck his dick' phrase. The pause seemed to last an hour, and then they all broke out laughing, and the three girls started chanting like it was hen night at the strip club.

"Suck his dick! Suck his dick!" they cheered, giggling. 

Diane turned to face me. She had that look on her face, the one that over the years tells me she's about to step past her former boundaries and do something I've not imagined. I knew she was drunk, and that's when it usually happens, or else those rare time that she's so completely overwhelmed by her horniness that she can't, or won't, stop herself. Her lips parted slightly, and I saw her tongue moving inside her mouth. 

Then she stepped over to me, took my chin in one hand and kissed me, hard and passionately, and I felt her other hand slip down to my crotch to rub the bulge that had developed. The girls howled and increased their hooting and hollering. 

Then she pulled back from the kiss, and gazed into my face with that drunken, overheated, wait-till-you-see-what-I-do-next look, and said, "Keep washing, kitchen boy," and moved both hands to my hips and turned them slightly to the side. Frankly, at this point I was washing the last plate for the fourth time, but I could play along. As I watched her, she turned to her friends, stuck out her tongue, and before I knew it, was on her knees. I shifted my feet to keep my hips facing her, to see how far she was going to go with her dare. The ladies egged her on, shouting, yeah, do it and come on, let's see it! I expected that at any moment she would fall over on the floor laughing.

But she didn't. She reached for my belt, undid it, unsnapped my pants and started pulling down my zipper. As I said, I was a little aroused already, the fantasy imaginings and the good natured teasing was enough to get me to half mast. Oh, crap, i thought, she's a LOT more drink than I thought, and I suddenly froze at the possibility that she would actually pull out my dick in front of her friends. I kind of pulled back a little, but she held onto my open pants, keeping me still, and then, with my pants open and my fly down, she reached into my boxer briefs and grabbed my mule. 

Now, I'm no porn star, and I've never had my dick out in front of anyone but my wife since long before we were married, and her friends were shrieking and shouting at her, so I was incredibly nervous for the few seconds it took her to pull my briefs down with her free hand and pop my dick into her wet mouth. 

My nervousness vanished with the shouts. There was a sudden silence in the room as Diane began licking my shaft and crown, and taking the head into her mouth. I was afraid to turn my head to see the girls, and lost in the sensations of her sucking my instantly fully hard cock. 

Tammy broke the silence. "Oh my God!" she shrieked. I thought I heard her chair move, and footsteps leaving the room. But that broke the ice.

"Yeah, Diane, you slut," Mary shouted, "suck his dick!" 

Jenny followed with a woo-hoo, and added, "Go for it, girlfriend!" 

And Diane did. She pushed her head down, taking about half my shaft into her mouth, bobbing her head up and down, holding me at the base with one hand while the other braced herself on my thigh. I heard the other girls talking, and then moving, and I realized they moved to the near side of the table when Jenny said, "Oh, yeah, I can see much better now!"

"Yeah, suck that hot dick, Diane," Mary urged. "Give him a good one." They laughed together, and she added. "I bet that's good, huh, Jimmy?" 

I didn't answer, but she was dead on. I couldn't believe my wife was sucking my cock in front of her friends! And to boot, she was giving me probably the best head she had ever delivered, really going to town, like it wasn't just to do me, but like she was enjoying having her mouth filled with cock! I swooned, but had the presence of mind to turn off the water and turn my body to face her, putting my profile to her friends. They cheered my move, and Diane picked up the pace. 

"Take it deeper," Jenny called to her. 

"Yeah, Diane, deeper," Mary encouraged, "take it all," and Diane valiantly tried to push her mouth further, but stopped at her gag reflex. 

"Come on, you can do better than that," Mary continued. And then she was on the floor, kneeling behind my wife. "Relax your throat," she said, her hand in my wife's hair, her skirt pulling up her thighs, exposing her legs. I looked down, and she met my eyes, and then gently pushed my wife's head further down on me. "Just like that, just relax, hold it, get used to it." Holy shit, she had most of my cock in her mouth, but then I heard her cough, and she pushed her head back, gasping, and strings of thick saliva stretched from my shaft to her mouth.

"Holy shit, Diane!" Jenny barked from her chair. And before I could react, Mary had pulled Diane's head to hers and kissed her, deep and hot, and I could see their tongues dancing between their open mouths. My wife was kissing another woman! Holy crap that was so hot!

Mary pulled back, and looked up at me, grinning hotly. "I've wanted to do that since high school," she blurted, and then pushed Diane's face back to my cock. "Try it again," she said, but Diane struggled a second time. Mary let her pull back, and then said, "here let me show you."

And she craned her neck forward, opened her mouth, and pushed herself all the way onto my shaft until I felt it press against the back of her mouth, and push down her throat. My head fell back; I had never been deep throated before, and the sensation was incredible! Mary bobbed her head a few times, taking me all the way down, then popped off, and pushed Mary back on me. I felt my cum start it's bubbling threat, and knew that I was not going to last very long, this was way too hot!

Mary looked up at Jenny. "No hair, she announced, "he's shaved." 

"O-oh, sexy," Jenny said, and I looked at her. She had a hand squeezed between her thighs and one up under her shirt, fondling her breast. Our eyes met. "Nice cock, Jimmy," she smirked. "And your wife is a slut!"

"She's doing a terrific job," I managed, "I don't know how long I'm going to last..."

"Yeah, suck his dick, Diane," Jenny encouraged, and then came down on the floor as well. I thought she was going for my cock, but instead she reached for Diane's chest, and fondled her breasts, and then slid a hand down into her shirt, working inside her bra, and groped her breasts! She looked up at me.

"I've wanted to do THAT since high school!" she smiled, then proceeded to unbutton my wife's shirt, and unclasp her bra, and leaned down to suck a nipple. Diane pulled back, staring drunkenly down at her friend, and Mary took a turn on my cock, bobbing her head a few strokes, taking me deep, then a few more strokes and licks. Diane looked up at me, panting as her friend sucked her sensitive nipples, then leaned forward and sucked my dick again. 

"I'm going to cum soon," I announced, trying to be polite, and Diane pulled off. She turned to Mary. 

"I don't swallow," she blurted, stroking me, and rubbing the head of my cock on her spit slicked face. 

"Fuck it, I do," Mary countered, "let me have it." And my wife pointed my cock at Mary's mouth, offering my load to her friend, and I lost it. My knees trembled, and my chest tightened, and my balls clenched, and then I groaned, loudly, and I felt the first blast explode up my rod into Mary's waiting mouth as my wife jerked the base of my shaft. 

"Let me have some," Jenny barked, and Mary pulled off after my second spurt, and my third splashed across Diane's face as Jenny opened and took my cock head between her lips, and the rest of my load pulsed out, as she sucked me and twirled her tongue around the head. 

Finally, spent, I pulled back and rested my butt against the countertop, and the three girls sat back on their feet, and looked at each other. Nothing was said. And then they all began laughing, and descended into a fit of hysteria, falling down, and hugging each other, and trading sloppy wet kisses. I put myself away and buttoned up, and watched them, satisfied, amazed, and feeling very, very close to all of them. 

When the laughter settled down to hiccups and snickers Diane buttoned herself up, and looked at her friends. "Since high school?" she asked incredulously. And the gales of laughter started anew. I went back to the table, and finished my club soda. 

Tammy stuck her head around the doorframe." Are you guys done in there?" she asked sheepishly.

"Yeah, it's safe," I told her." Hope we didn't t scare you!"

"Shit, it's my house," she said, a little annoyed, but accepting of her friends. "Charles will be home tomorrow, I couldn't," she said, "you understand..." 

"I thought maybe you were too shocked."

"Surprised, yes," she said as my wife and her friends rejoined us around the table, still giggling. "But nothing they do shocks me." She blushed a little. "Nice package though; but I couldn't watch Diane suck your dick in my house and still face my husband and kids!"

We laughed. It was time to go, and coats were retrieved and purses collected. And I started thinking about driving Mary home, in more ways than one.