 Lynn was running late, as usual, and had to punch in at 3 p.m. to be on the floor so the day nurse could leave. She quickly ran a brush through her hair, applied the usual light makeup and rummaged through her dresser drawer searching for a pair of white hose. Sitting on the edge of her bed she drew the thigh high, sheer, white hose up over her leg and felt the elastic snap into place around her upper thigh, repeating the procedure on the other leg. She hated wearing the constraining full pantyhose and much preferred the thigh highs, feeling that she may have to look professional on the outside, but underneath she liked to look and feel sexy. She stepped into a pair of white thongs, adjusting the thin strap in the back for maximum comfort, liking the sensation of the material against her bottom, the front of the thong barely covering her clean shaven pussy. The white lace bra came next, very low cut with underwires pushing up her breasts nicely. She liked the contrast of the white lace against the tanned skin of her breasts. Next she pulled on a simple, white, zip up the front nurses uniform that came just above the knee. 

"If my patients knew what I had on underneath this uniform, they'd be in ICU!" she thought to herself with a little giggle, as she stepped into her white nurse's shoes, grabbed her purse and ran out the door. As she drove to the hospital she wondered how many patients they'd have on the unit she worked on tonight, and she was pleased that she would work with her old friend Kelli. They always worked well together, even on the busy nights, and they had a long history of friendship between them. They'd known each other for years, and had gotten to know each other very well in that time. They were both excellent nurses, but in their free time they liked to party and definitely had a good time doing it! 

She pulled into the hospital parking lot for employees and parked her car next to Kelli's mustang, wondering if Kelli was ever going to get rid of that car. She'd had it forever it seemed, but Kelli was determined to keep it running and she treated it like a prized possession. Kelli had always liked classic cars and good looking men, and she still did. She appreciated them both, and used them for her pleasure freely and without regret. Lynn had always admired the carefree way in which her friend lived, but she took things a little more seriously, even when Kelli teased her about being so naive. Maybe one of these days she'd give Kelli a little surprise... 

As she entered the nurse's charting room she saw that Kelli was already there, and they were waiting to start nurses report for her. She quickly slid into a chair at the rectangular table muttering her apologizes for being late. They were use to it, they knew she tended to be a last minute arrival, and they quickly got down to the business at hand. It was a rather small hospital in a small community, and there were just the two of them for the afternoon shift. The census was low, so they could handle it easily, and could always call in another nurse if they received more patients. The charge nurse from the day shift told them about the few patients they had, several post op patients, a geriatric case, and a man who'd been in a rather bad motorcycle accident. 

He was a 39 year old male with bilateral fractures in the arms and a fractured leg. He had casts on both arms and the right leg, vitals stable. The charge nurse went on to say that he was in good physical shape and would probably recover nicely, in time, and that he needed to have a bed bath tonight as they didn't have time to get to it during the day shift. His pain was being well controlled with oxycontin and he was alert and oriented. No head injury. He was completely dependent on the staff due to the casts, and needed their assistance with the basic ADL's. 

"No problem," Kelli said, "we'll get him hosed down good tonight." Lynn held back a giggle at the stern look from the day charge nurse and went on to reassure her that they had everything under control and to go on home. 

As the day shift left Kelli and Lynn made rounds, checking on their patients and met back at the nurse's station. "Wow, you should see that guy from the motorcycle accident, he is HOT!" She had been the one to check in on him and see if he needed anything. He had said he was fine and was just going to doze off for a while. 

"Kel, is that all you think of?" Lynn laughed at her friend's priorities. 

"He's going to sleep for a while, but go see for yourself when he wakes up! You could use a little excitement in your life." Kelli jokingly teased her friend, laughing when she saw Lynn's face turn pink. 

"Cut it out Kel. Let's get busy now and get this med room organized since we don't have much else to do tonight." Lynn turned and walked into the med room determined to stay busy. They worked quietly, side by side for several minutes, then Kelli said, "Maybe he's got a really big cock..." 

"Kelli! Stop it!" Lynn could feel her face burning even more now. Just then a light on the control panel at the nurse's station lit up indicating a patient was calling for a nurse. It was the man from the bike accident. 

"You go," Kelli said, "you'll see what I mean." Lynn rolled her eyes and headed down the hall toward the man's room. The door was closed, and she knocked lightly before entering. The curtains were drawn and the only light was coming from the adjacent bathroom, casting a cozy, yellow glow over the man in the bed. She could see his dark hair against the white pillow case, and when he lifted his eyes to hers she saw they were the palest blue and very piercing, making her feel a bit uncomfortable. He looked into her, not at her, or so it felt. 

"Hi, my name's Lynn. I'm the afternoon nurse. Are you having any pain?" She asked as she approached the bed. Both of his arms were in casts and resting on pillows, and his leg was in a below the knee cast as well. She stood by his bed now, looking down into his face, waiting for his answer, puzzled as to why he hesitated and just stared up at her. She couldn't hold his gaze and looked down at her clipboard. 

"Is there a problem Mr...uh....", she was stuttering, nervous as hell and didn't understand why. She wasn't usually affected like this by her patients, but this man definitely made her feel unbalanced. 

"Lynn...you can call me Mark," he said, "and there's no problem. Well there is a little problem, but it's not pain. I need to use the urinal. 

"Oh...ok, sorry," Lynn was mumbling and flustered. She sat her clipboard down on the bedside stand, donned the requisite non-latex gloves, and opened the cupboard for the urinal. She pulled back the covers, moving his hospital gown aside and felt her eyes go wide when she saw the size of his penis. It laid nestled in a bed of soft, dark curls, and the size of it even in a non-aroused condition amazed her. She had never seen anything like it! 

"Ummmm, I'm just going to...." she was nervous, but determined to get on with her duties as she reached for his penis, lifting it gently and placing the urinal between his slightly spread legs. 

"I'll just wait for you to finish out in the hall," she mumbled to him, unable to meet his eyes, her face burning. 

"No, stay." His voice was commanding, and she stopped in her tracks, unable to explain to herself the response she had to his instruction. 

"All right," she said softly. Turning back to him, unable to take her eyes from his cock, now releasing the golden fluid into the urinal. She was enthralled with his cock, almost in a hypnotized state, and she shook her head to clear her thoughts. 

"I'm done," he said. When she tore her gaze away from his privates to his face she could see that he had a little smile on his face. She just stood there, as if awaiting further instructions. "Take it away now Lynn." And she felt herself mechanically responding to his words, unable to explain the state her mind was in. She reached down and gently removed his penis from the urinal, blotting the thick round head with a tissue, softly, placing it back between his legs almost lovingly and removing the urinal. She headed to the adjacent bathroom and poured it in the toilet, slowly, watching it turn the water a pale shade of yellow. 

"Pretty." she thought to herself, then shook her head again thinking, "what the hell is wrong with me?" She was determined to regain control of this situation and briskly turned and made her way back to his bedside cupboard, replacing the washed urinal and closing the door. When she looked at him again she saw that same little half smile on his lips, and his eyes still bore into hers, very directly. She didn't understand what had just happened, how he had directed her so easily, but she was determined to maintain her professional appearance. 

"Mr...ummm....Mark, one of us will be in later to give you a bed bath. Sounds like they didn't get to it today. Why don't you take that nap now, and Kelli or I will be back later for the bath." She had regained a little of her equilibrium and spoke directly, and firmly to him. 

"I want YOU to give me the bed bath Lynn." he said simply. 

"Well, I'm not sure who will have time later, but one of us will be in." she countered. 

He looked into her again, repeating his statement, deep voice calm and soft, but very commanding. "I said, I want YOU to give me the bed bath. Do you understand me Lynn?" 

She felt her mind sinking again into that very strange place, almost sedation like. "Y-yes...ok......I will be back later to give you the bed bath then." And she turned and slowly walked out of the room, feeling very odd, and not understanding why. 

Kelli was at the nurse's station when she Lynn approached. Seeing the look on her face Kelli asked, "What did he want? Is everything okay in there?" 

"Yes, he's okay. He just needed to use the urinal." Lynn's face was very red, and she couldn't meet Kelli's eyes. 

"Oh my God! You saw his cock! How big is it? What's it look like?" Kelli was smiling now, understanding her friend's embarrassment and lack of composure. 

"Kel, cut it out," Lynn replied. 

"Come on Lynn! Don't be such a prude, telllllll me." Kelli was giggling now, prying for the information. 

"Well...it's....big. I'm not sure I like him though, he's very....cocky." Lynn was nervous, but unable to resist her friend's questions. 

Kelli burst out laughing at the non-intended pun, and turned to the dinner cart to pass trays to their patients. She thought it was good for her friend to feel a little unbalanced by a very good looking man, and was determined to see her happy and satisfied. They really did care about each other very much, and the ribbing and joking was just part of their friendship. 

"You take him his tray, please Kel! I don't wanna go back in there right now. He wants ME to give him his bed bath later, and I just don't want to go back in there yet. Please?" Lynn was almost begging her friend to take the dinner tray to Mark. She needed time to get herself together, her hands were still shaking from the brief encounter with him. 

Lynn watched her friend carry the tray down to Mark's room and enter without knocking. She didn't understand why he had come onto her so strongly, if that's what it actually was, it sure felt that way, when he could have flirted with Kelli instead. Kelli was very cute, only 5'2", but all legs and breasts, 36C with a trim little waist, long dark hair, and dancing blue eyes. Why would he be interested in shy Lynn, when he could easily give his attention to a more receptive, wild woman like Kelli? She didn't understand that sometimes a Dominant man preferred a more soft spoken, gentle woman to whom he could control and help her to discover the slut that resided in there somewhere. Lynn had never heard of the Dominance/submission lifestyle, and had no idea whatsoever what he was doing to her, but Kelli had... 

Lynn continued passing the few remaining trays, glancing down the hall a few times and wondering what was taking Kelli so long in there. She knew Kelli would be feeding him his dinner as both his arms were incapacitated, but it seemed to be taking an awfully long time. As she returned to the cart, closing the insulated doors, she saw Kelli come out of his room and head back toward her. She could see a big grin on her friend's face and wondered what was up. 

As Kelli approached Lynn look at her quizzically, "What?" she asked. 

"Nothing, he's just very...strong willed!" and started giggling again. 

Lynn giggled too, shook her head and got back to work, trying to put the man down the hall out of her mind and stay focused on her tasks. The sat together at the nurse's station for a while, doing paper work, and then went to make rounds again on their patients, checking vital statistics and turning the ones who couldn't turn in bed unassisted. When they peeked in on Mark they saw that he was dozing and decided to leave him alone to get his rest as he hadn't been sleeping well. They'd give him another hour or two they decided, and then go in and do the bed bath, give him his meds and turn him. 

The next few hours passed quickly as they went about their duties with the other patients, and cleaning up after the dinner hour. It was time for Mark's bed bath, and Lynn went to the linen closet and gathered the things she knew she'd need. She told Kelli she'd ring the call light when she needed help turning him on his side to wash his back as he was a big man and the cumbersome casts would require two nurses to turn him. 

"Ok, I'll come in when you ring the light. Have funnnnn Lynn!" Kelli teased her friend as Lynn headed down the hall to his room. 

Lynn was determined to maintain her professional attitude and keep things under control with this very dominant man, and she knocked again lightly and entered his room. He was still dozing, and it gave her a moment to study his features unobserved. His dark hair was graying slightly, and the goatee was incredibly sexy. She stood staring for a few minutes, liking the innocence of his face when he slept, as she knew there was no innocence there when he was awake. He was very adult, and very male, and she felt it with every cell in her body. Something in him called to her and she was trying very hard to ignore it. 

As she stood beside the bed gazing down at him his eyes opened suddenly, as if he knew she was watching him. He smiled, "Hi Lynn," and she was mesmerized by the lightness of those blue eyes. He just laid there quietly looking up at her, he wasn't going to make this easy for her and she knew that. 

"It's time for your bed bath. Is that okay?" she asked him, averting her eyes, unable to maintain the contact. 

"Sure, now would be fine. I am definitely ready," he responded. 

She pulled the over bed table to her, and arranged the items she'd need, donning the gloves again. "Take off the gloves Lynn, you won't need them," his voice again was calm, and created a sensation of peace, almost sedation, in her mind. 

"All right," she said softly, pulling the gloves from her hands and tossing them in the trash. She filled the basin with warm water, returning it to the table near his bed and reached for his sheet and blanket, pulling them down and off the bed. He lay there in his hospital gown, just watching her thoughtfully. 

"I'm going to take off the gown and cover you with a bath blanket....ok?" Lynn asked, voice a bit shakey. She leaned over him, reaching behind his neck to untie the gown, realizing that her breasts were just inches from his face. He stared directly at them, and when his eyes rose to meet hers she felt her face flush once again. She placed the bath blanket over his midsection and removed the gown. 

"You have nice breasts Lynn," his comment was casual but it caught her off guard. 

"I don't really think it's appropriate for you to be making comments about my personal appearance Mr...whatever!" she couldn't remember his last name, and she was flustered. He caused feelings in her that she didn't understand, she felt irritable and angry with his comment. She briskly moved his casted arm up onto a pillow, causing him to wince. 

"I see our little kitten has claws after all..." the movement had caused him pain. 

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you. I'll be more careful" Lynn ignored his comment and began to wash his face and neck with the soft wash cloth, using a hand towel to dry him. She ran the wash cloth down his chest, lingering over the hairs there, and his nipples. She felt as if things had changed to slow motion once again, and she almost lovingly washed his body with the warm water, slowly moving lower on his abdomen. She washed that little strip of hair running below his belly button, letting her fingers trail over it, feeling the texture and the softness of it. He laid there quietly, just watching her, saying nothing. As she moved lower on his belly, she drew the bath blanket lower and lower, revealing each square inch of his skin to her gaze. Just when the top ridge of his pubic hair came into view, she stopped, pulling the bath blanket back up a bit. She realized the water had turned tepid, and she took the basin to the sink replacing it with fresh warm water. Returning to him she began to wash his uninjured leg, all the way down to his foot, and washing the foot on the injured leg as well. Then, she pushed the blanket up, revealing the exposed part of his upper thigh on the injured leg, washing it, dragging the cloth higher up toward his femoral area. 

"Just take the blanket off Lynn," his voice was very quiet, very deep and very commanding. 

"Allright," she answered simply. She pulled the blanket totally off him, exposing his naked body to her. She dipped the wash cloth into the warm water, and reached for his cock. She washed it thoroughly, slowly, lovingly, drawing the cloth over his testicles, and washing the skin of his perineum. With her ministrations his cock grew hard, and she gripped it with her ungloved hand, her eyes never leaving it. 

"Kiss it Lynn," again his voice was quiet. 

"Ok," she answered as if hypnotized. She bent her head to his hard cock and kissed the tip of it. 

"Now lick it." His directions were short and to the point, and she never thought once of not obeying him. Her tongue darted out and she licked the glans of his penis, and then sliding her tongue down the length of it, and back up again. She liked how that felt on her tongue, and the throbbing sensation between her legs was undeniable. 

"Mmmmmm, that's nice Lynn. Now I want you to suck it." and she drew it into her mouth, sucking it, and using her tongue on the underside as she drew it in and out of her mouth, taking it deeper with every stroke. She felt the tension in him, and the iron hardness just under the soft skin of his perfect cock. 

"Ok, stop." he told her. "I want you to stand up, unzip your dress and let it fall to the floor, slowly." 

"I-I can't do that." she stammered. 

"Yes you can. I want to see you, do it...NOW!" and with that last word she rose from the bed, stood facing him and slowly began to unzip her dress in the front. She pulled the material off her shoulders, slid it down over her arms and let the uniform fall to the floor. She stood there in her white lace bra, white thongs, and white thigh high hose. One part of her couldn't believe what she was doing, another part of her demanded that she obey this man. She was in a daze, feeling foggy and confused, but she knew all she cared about was pleasing Him, and the incredible arousal he caused within her. 

"Just what I thought, very nice indeed." his blue eyes roamed over her body in pleasure. "Come here and kiss me now." 

She bent her lips to his, pressing them there, feeling the softness of his mouth on hers. He slipped his tongue into her mouth and she gently sucked on it, loving the sensation. When she pulled away he said, "I can't wait to touch you when I get these casts off," implying that there would be more of this when he recovered. For some reason her heart soared with the thought. 
