 "Honey can you come in and let me know how you think this looks on me?"

My wife's request shook me out of my half sleep state. I realized that I was resting in a plush chair outside the fitting room of her favourite lingerie shop, which happened to be managed by a friend of hers. 

"Don't they have rules against that?"

"You must have been dozing while I locked the doors. You two are the last people here." It was Eva, my wife's friend, her voice coming from the fitting room. "So you're welcome to come back here. Paige would come out and show you, but I haven't lowered the blinds yet, and we don't want her arrested for public indecency."

A gale of girlish giggles came out of the dressing room at that remark. Only then did I recall that Eva had opened a bottle of white wine while she and Paige had browsed the new arrivals which Eva had taken from the stock room and laying them out on a table at the back of the store. I had one glass, but the gals had taken the bottle along with Paige's selections into the fitting room. Since none of us had eaten all day, the alcohol hit me hard, so it must have affected the two women as well - Paige was tall and slender, with nice high firm boobs she always thought were a bit tiny but which I considered perfect. Her waist was slim, and her hips boyish. Her butt was in my mind her sole flaw - a bit TOO boyish, or nonexistent. Eva made up for Paige in the booty department, sporting a bubble butt with a delectable curve and shelf-like upper definition. This supported well-rounded hips. Eva further contrasted with Paige by being short, with a chest that suited displaying the support afforded by her high ended brassieres. The height differential meant they both likely weighed about the same, just packaged differently. A couple of glasses of wine on an empty stomach always made Paige frisky, so I imagined Eva was similarly loosened up. 

I put aside the decorating magazine Eva had supplied in the waiting area, and stepped through the curtain, feeling just a little like Dorothy waking up in Oz - ladies change rooms seemed the ultimate private sanctum, and of course my fascination with busting taboos had always made me crave entry. Now I was there. 

Paige was standing in a booth, the door open, Eva standing in the walkway, arms loaded with lingerie. My wife's back was turned toward me and she was bent slightly at the waist, just tugging into place a gauzy lime green thong. I was treated to the sight of the almost impossibly thin lace string disappearing between her buttocks. 

Eva noticed where I was staring.

"Do you like the style, the colour or the fabric? I have different versions featuring whatever you like. Every woman should have lots of sexy panties, particularly when she has a generous giving guy like you around."

"Oh sweetie, I bet what he wants to give me involves removing panties, not buying them."

Both women laughed lustily. My eyes shifted to note that Eva wore a low cut blouse, the upper edge squared off to better display her immense cleavage. 

Paige turned, chuckled at my distracted gaze. Once she had my attention again, one hand settled on her out-thrust hip like a fashion model.

"Tell me, does this bra fit right? Eva and I can't agree."

"And we aren't telling you who thinks what," Eva explained, "So you don't answer one way just because you hope to make sexy times with Paige later."

Paige chuckled.

"Maybe he'd rather make sexy times with you, sweetie," she teased Eva.

"Oh, with me it would be fucking, not just sexy times, darling," Eva retorted. I noted that she thrust her ample bosoms upward just a touch as she spoke. Clearly, she was wearing one of her special uplift numbers, because the display of flesh was amazing. Paige sported her typical all over perma-tan, so Eva's almost porcelain skin, coloured by the pink of a bit of a blush, was a special treat. Ever since puberty, the knowledge that I was seeing beyond tan lines had excited me. The sight of Eva was no exception.

"Oh, look, he likes that idea," Paige laughed, "He's sprouting wood already."

"Maybe he'd rather watch us have sexy times with each other," Eva escalated the conversation, even while my poor brain, blood starved because every ounce was diving to fill my shaft, tried to figure out the significance of Paige saying "already". Just what did she have in mind? 

"I'm sure that's what every guy imagines happens in your fitting rooms, sweetie. Too bad you're so totally hetero." Paige replied. My head was still spinning. I had not even looked at the bra she wanted my opinion on. 

"Just hetro enough to bet he'd prefer sexy times with both of us - that's what I think is really every man's fantasy..." she swivelled to look me in the eye, except my eyes were locked on her tits. Was I just imagining that her hard nipples were poking almost through the fabric of her bra and top? "... isn't that right?"

"I refuse to answer on the grounds that..."

"It might incriminate you?" Eva suggested, and whooped, laughing so lustily that she rubbed her curvy belly with one hand. In my brain, I pictured those fingers curling down to her mound, as her other hand caressed her tits, inviting me to help.

I shook my head, as much to gather thoughts as to negate Eva's suggestion. 

"...on the grounds that I'm just here to see how Paige's bra fits."

"Nice recovery," Paige giggled. That drew my eyes to her chest, where her tits were elevated and squeezed into a green bra that matched the gauzy thong. Her erect nipples threatened to burst the sheer cups. Somewhere, the device must contain amazing engineered lifting elements, but I quickly assessed that what made it so special and expensive was that those helpers were invisible, and it looked like all I was admiring was pure Paige. My swollen cock lurched in my pants as it went from thick to stiff. 

"Ohhh, sweetie, I see that at least part of him really likes it," Paige pointed out to Eva, increasing my confusion and discomfort.

"A pretty BIG part too," Eva guffawed, her shoulders and chest shaking. I wondered how her tits didn't just pop out of that blouse, but I guess that's again an advantage of well fitted lingerie. 

"I am a lucky girl," Paige agreed.

About then I noticed the familiar scent of Paige's sexual musk starting to force itself past the wall of floral air scent that permeated the shop. That made my cock strain against my zipper.

"Well, if he's really going to judge the fit," Eva changed the topic again, "I better adjust it properly."

She stepped into the tiny booth, largely blocking my view as the space was so narrow it barely could contain the two women. Eva's expert fingers lifted upward, causing her hem to rise, drawing my eyes to the bubble butt I had admired for so long. I could not see her underwear, but guessed she must dress in nothing but the best her shop offered, and Paige had bought enough over the years that I knew how sexy they could be. 

Paige leaned forward a bit and whispered into Eva's ear, first delicately brushing Eva's hair clear. Did I just imagine that my wife's tongue teased her best friend's earlobe? 

I could not hear the words, but as Eva shifted and twisted so the gals were more side on to me, I surmised that Paige had instructed Eva to give me a bit of a show. At least, that was what followed. Eva cupped each of my wife's boobs in her palms and hefted them microscopically, and then paused, the flesh still in her grasp, as if admiring her handiwork. She then released the mounds, only to delicately run a single finger along the lacy top of each bra cup, the tips reaching under the edge to rub Paige's bare flesh. Eva might claim to be hetero, but I noticed that she shivered as much as Paige did at that moment. I realized I had shuddered as well.

Until that point, Eva's actions might legitimately be justified as adjusting Paige's bra, but surely there was no need for Eva to grasp my wife's engorged nipples through the fabric and gently tug them away from Paige's body. 

'Is she going to kiss them next?' a tiny evil voice asked in my brain. A voice that sounded like twelve year old me, mixed with twenty year old hormones. 

"Well, what do you think?" Paige's question shook me back to reality. Eva had stepped aside, her shoulder still brushing Paige's arm, her hand still on my wife's hip. Paige was turned so I had a good view of her tan flesh threatening to erupt out of the cups, and her nipples continued to strain the gauzy fabric. 

"Ummm...it does look a bit tight," I stammered, not really looking. Most of my blood was still far from my brain. 

Paige reached up and back for the clasp, but struggled with the grip. 

"Could you be a dear and help me with this honey?" she asked.

I paused, unsure whether she meant me or Eva.

"She means you - I'm 'sweetie' remember?" Eva seemed to read my mind. She stepped a bit farther away from my wife to make room for me to almost enter the tiny booth. My arm was tight to Eva's shoulder, and even with Paige right there, I could not resist glancing at the vast expanse of heaving bosom Eva displayed, about a foot beneath my gaze. My arm twitched about as much as my cock as I wrestled with the temptation to just pop those practically perfect puppies out of their captivity. 

Eva noticed my erect excitement.

"Oh, baby, it looks like you're in for a real treat. If you can't wait til you get home, you can fuck him right here and now. But I get to watch."

As she spoke, my trembling fingers fumbled with the clasp on Paige's bra, in spite of my love of lacy lingerie, and my vast experience with all sorts of fasteners.

"You're as useless as a schoolboy," Paige laughed, as my free hand caressed her washboard belly, briefly uncertain about which direction it was headed.

"Not quite THAT useless," Eva suggested, "after all, unlike a schoolboy, he is old enough to fuck, and well-equipped, I'm noticing." 

Paige's boobs burst loose from the bra, and my hands automatically grasped her flesh, making her sigh and twitch her ass. I instinctively stepped closer, nibbling and earlobe, my erection exploring the cleft of her ass. 

"If you want to see - and feel - just how well-equipped he is, sweetie, please unzip him. I'm sure he's pretty uncomfortable, and I'd appreciate that meat a lot more without all his clothes in the way," Paige instructed Eva. 

This represented a definite point of no return - in all our years of marriage, no other woman had touched my cock, and I knew that once Eva freed it, the play would not likely stop there. I was shocked that Paige not only seemed ready to allow touching by her BFF, but was encouraging it. 

Eva must have been confused as well, because there was no snappy retort, and she froze, her tits not even swaying as she held her breath. My hands kept working, with a mind of their own. My right hand travelled down Paige's body, caressing her waist, teasing her navel, before descending to her panties. I paused before nudging the fabric away from her body, her fingers creeping gently toward her quim. My left hand squeezed my wife's boob, toying with the nipple. At about the instant my right fingers eased their way into her wetness, my left palm smoothly stroked down her ribcage, and swiftly captured the other tit, grasping it hard enough to evoke a gasp. At that moment, I thrust three fingers deep inside of her, making her groan. Her knees buckled slightly. I heard Eva gasp. 

The gasp was followed by Eva shaking her curls, as if to clear her mind. Paige was panting, one arm bracing herself against the fitting room wall, the other forcing my hand deeper into her wet squishy cunt. Paige was more soaked than I recalled her ever being, confirming that she was exceptionally excited by this unusual adventure. Her ass thrust back against my still clothed cock. 

"Cock, sweetie, cock," Paige gasped, each word spaced and timed with my thrusts. "You gotta take his cock out for me, now..."

Eva said nothing. Her fingers spoke for her, finally touching my swollen bulge, which was still trapped in my pants. She gently traced the outline as she turned her body, her eyes meeting mine. I tried to hold that gaze but found the attraction to the close up view of those mammoth tits irresistible. The faintest tease of lilac lace was just peeping out over the edge of Eva's blouse. My mind wandered, wondering what sort of treat a lingerie shop owner would chose for herself. 

"Please..." Paige begged, grinding against my groin, bumping Eva's hand, startling me back to the immediate tableau. Exploring Eva might have to wait.

"Patience, girl," Eva giggled "I want to take my time, and make this last." 

Her tongue moistened her lower lip and I felt the warmth of her breath on my arm as she smoothly undid my belt. She removed it from the belt loops swiftly, and lifted it up. The leather grazed Paige's exposed ass. My wife wriggled in response.

"Oh, is she a pain slut?" Eva laughed. "We might have some fun with this later, but first I think she just needs to be fucked." 

Eva tossed the belt aside and, turning more toward me, treated me to a wicked grin as her hands sought out my pants. As she moved, her arms squeezed her cleavage, pressing the mounds of flesh up and together. They threatened to burst out of her bra, and pop right up to my eyes, which were solidly locked on them. I admired how the half hidden lingerie held them firmly, although her shirt was distorted so far from her chest that I had a clear view of the curve of her left tit.

"Hey, sailor, don't forget about me," Paige brought me back to the moment. I rotated my fingers in her gash, my thumb flicking up at her pearly little clit, making her moan. I found my mind wandering to wonder what Eva's clit was like - Paige had one that was perfectly round, easily stimulated, but even when engorged, it never grew much, yet was extremely sensitive. If Eva had a clit that more closely fit her generous proportions, would it react differently? I had never had great success drawing Paige's pearl into my mouth, and had developed tricks with my teeth, lips and tongue. If Eva's clit swelled like a tiny cock, would it feel strange?

As my brain was flooded with these thoughts, as Eva swiftly undid my button and proceeded to tug my zipper. All it took was a slight nudge, and the metal teeth, strained by my turgidity, pulled apart, allowing the fabric to fall away, and exposing my meat filled boxers. I could feel the cool conditioned air flowing across my slit as my weapon tried to spring loose. Eva's thumb brushed across the opening. I felt more coolness as she wiped my pre-cum away. Her fist quickly surrounded my throbbing shaft, shoving my briefs below my aching balls.

As she stroked my organ, she was edging her body right up against mine. I could feel the heat of her excitement, and her musk which was a distinct scent contrasting with the familiar odour of Paige's excitement. I kept finger fucking my wife, but my eyes were now locked on Eva's cleavage. Her arm pressing against mine forced her elbow against her right tit, increasing the exposure as fabric shifted. The valley of flesh was more stunning than any I had ever seen. 

Her bra was almost fully exposed, revealing it to be a shelf style, with just a band of floral lace cupping the outer edge of each boob, tying in to the straps. I feared that I might drool right into that cleavage, yet I still turned and leaned, determined to see a nipple if possible. 

"I love how hard he gets," Eva spoke, "It's been a while since I've had a guy this excited to see me, and tonight it still isn't about me."

"Well, maybe a bit about you," Paige replied, panting out the words as I continued thrusting my fingers deep into her. I felt the quivering of her abdomen which was a familiar precursor to climax. 

"Don't worry, his eyeballs haven't popped out of his head once, dear." 

"You told me he was a big one, but I never guessed he was so fat and juicy," Eva was drooling, her tongue unable to catch all her saliva. 

Paige laughed again. "You are SUCH a cocksucking slut, but remember, I asked you to take that meat out so he could fuck me hard, and fuck me now."

"Honey, I'm the world's BEST cocksucking slut, and I would love a mouthful of your man, but he is your man, so..." 

Without further warning, Eva tugged me forward using my cock as a handle, and drove my manhood deep into my wife's wet waiting willing cunt, so quickly that I almost had my hand trapped inside, and I did feel the shaft rub along my wrist. She buried me right to the hilt, but did not neglect the opportunity to caress my tight throbbing ball sac as her fingers slid loose. 

Paige let out a deep groan followed by a slow sigh as her inner walls molded around my cock as I filled her for maybe the thousandth time, but, as always it felt special and fresh. The presence of her sexy BFF was like the cherry on a sundae. 

Eva released my scrotum, but swiftly put her fingers to good use grabbing my hand. I was still capable of being shocked when she drew my fingers to her tongue and licked Paige's nectar from my flesh. She did not stop there, instead delicately drawing each finger deep into her cheek and swirling it around, bathing it with her tongue, the tip of which probed the webbing so as to not miss a drop of Paige's offering. 

I lost any sense of time as this continued while Paige was braced against the wall, thrusting herself back against my belly, fucking me hard. 

"You know that those panties are ruined, so I guess you'll need to buy them," Eva laughed once she finally spit my fingers free, in a minute or an hour after we started. "But I'm sure we can find a matching bra that fits."

"Maybe one like yours?" I asked.

"Maybe I should model this one for you so you can decide?"

"But first we need to finish here," Paige reminded us, each word punctuated by a grunt.

Paige reached back and grabbed my hands. I rubbed up her sides, warm and smooth under my touch. She then clamped my fingers around her tits. I felt the heat radiate from her flesh as I used my arms to drive her even harder against my hardness. Eva's breath was warm and near to my ear. I felt her tit pressing directly against my arm, the point of her nipple drilling into my bicep. Then she crossed yet another line, flicking her tongue out along the flesh just where my jaw met my neck. It was quick and gentle, like the touch of a butterfly, but so real that I felt the wetness linger. 

I looked down at Eva then, and noticed that somehow, a couple of buttons had come undone, so that her blouse had fallen free from her tits, exposing those delicate pink nipples to my gaze for the first time. Her fingers caressed her own breast gently, rubbing all around the curve before tugging on that tasty looking treat. 

My head might have ducked down to suckle a teat, as I imagined kissing my way down her neck while I kneaded her luscious breast until my lips moved across the top of it. I pictured myself planting kisses all around her tits, alternating between them one to the other until finally making my way to her nipple, then sucking the little nub past my lips, teasing it with my teeth and then nibbling it gently. I suspect Eva was having similar thoughts, because she was leaning closer, except Paige chose that moment to climax. My cock was still deep within her as she convulsed around it. 

"Soooo gooooood," Paige screamed, loud enough they could likely hear her outside the shop, but that never stopped her. "Don't fucking stop." 

"He needs to cum too," Eva spoke. In contrast to Paige, her voice was barely a whisper. I noticed that Eva's free hand was thrust up her skirt and wondered how long that had been going on.

"Go ahead and shoot it deep into Paige's wet hungry cunt," Eva instructed me. "Pump that hot fucking gash full of great gobs of goo. I want to taste your seed as it runs down her inner thigh, and follow the stream with my tongue right to her clit. I bet you both taste incredibly fine, but that the two flavours combined will be simply divine."
