 Chapter 2: The Home Visit

I last saw Tyronne, an athletically built young black man, when he was stuck in a hospital bed with both arms strung-up in traction and casts from his shoulders to his fingers. As a nursing assistant I was called in to do private duty, since he was pretty much helpless at that time. 

Tyronne needed total care with eating, bathing and toileting at that time and said he hated to have others take care of his intimate needs. He said he found it so humiliating using a bedpan and having someone else in his shit and wiping his ass. I assured him that it's what we do and we're used to it, and he seemed less embarrassed with me giving him a bath and wiping his ass than with the female aids that worked in the hospital. In fact, Tyronne confessed to me that he was unable to get sexual relief for over a week with his arms in traction, and I offered to assist him. In other words (and don't spread this around) I jerked him off. 

I thoroughly enjoyed playing with his seven-inch ebony boner, and would like to have gotten more personal than just a very clinical hand stroking. Tyronne enjoyed the sexual release, but went through the entire "procedure" with his eyes closed, probably pushing out of mind that it was a man getting him off. 

Tyronne got out of traction, got smaller casts on both arms and was allowed to go home. The insurance company still provided Home Health coverage, so he had an Aide come in daily to assist him with bathing. He also had a girlfriend who moved up to this college town to stay with him while he was recuperating. She could take care of the little tasks of helping him eat, wiping his ass and I suppose releasing his sexual tensions. 

On this day Tyronne was on my schedule and he seemed very glad to see me. He said that most of the Aides are women and he still feels uncomfortable having them undress him and help him in the tub. He always tells them that his girlfriend will clean his private parts, so they don't have to mess with that. Still, he said he catches them peeking at his dick. I told him that he can't blame them, it is an eye-catcher.

Perhaps remembering my little extra service when he was in the hospital, he mentioned how nice it was having his girlfriend stay with him. He told me he wasn't gay, but he had no problem with me stroking his dick. In fact, he keeps wondering about it, and how much he enjoyed it and has been having doubts about his being straight. He and his girlfriend have sex nearly every night and she's really great, but he can't get rid of the feeling that having sex with guys would also be nice. I told him that a lot of people are bi and maybe he's just discovered that about himself. 

His girlfriend, Jessica, arrived with the groceries and I helped her bring them in and put them away. She had long straight blond hair and very white skin, quite a contrast to Tyronne's dark brown. Tyronne mentioned to Jessica that I had worked with him in the hospital, and she gave me a knowing look that made me think Tyronne had told her about the extra service. 

After talking a while, I asked Tyronne if he was ready for his bath. He said yes, and I started running the water in the tub. Jessica said that she usually helps the other Aides, especially since Tyronne is shy about having them wash between his legs. I told her she was welcome to assist if that's what Tyronne wants. I checked the water and helped lower Tyronne into the tub. He leaned back, both casts raised and I proceeded to wash his face. Jessica was sitting on the toilet lid and the three of us were talking as I slid the soapy washcloth from his raised armpits and over his smooth chest and flat abdomen. He leaned forward and I wiped down his back, then again leaning back and I began washing his legs and feet.

I helped him to his feet and slid the rag over his tight rounded butt and between the cleft, releasing a slight ammonia odor as the soap reacted with the oily sweat and soil of his anus. While I had my hand in the vicinity I automatically started washing his balls, then asked if he'd rather have Jessica do it. Jessica was sitting and watching, and Tyronne told me to go ahead and finish. I lathered up his pubic hair and the outside of his dick, but could feel even then the increasing turgor in it. By the time I slid back the foreskin I knew that he was getting hard. We've been here before, and I'm sure his girlfriend has also, so I continued washing and rinsing his beautifully erect penis and helped him out of the tub. 

The erection persisted throughout my drying him, and at one point while drying his legs, it was tantalizingly close to my face, but I just reached into his crotch with the towel and dried it noticing that under the foreskin some of the drops were not water, but a viscous fluid that stringed across the towel. 

I asked if he would like some lotion and he said yes. Jessica offered to help. Tyronne got into bed, face down and I spread lotion on his back while Jessica started on his feet and legs. When he rolled over, his erection was still sticking straight up and both Jessica and I gave a distracted look at it. She continued spreading lotion up his legs, while I spread it on his chest and abdomen. Then, as if to relieve the obvious tension of having his straining erection so close at hand, she grasped it and slid the skin back. 

I started to excuse myself and leave, but Tyronne asked me to stay. I continued spreading the lotion on his chest but my strokes slowed at his stiffened nipples, enjoying the feel of them slide under my palms. While caressing his abdomen, I eased one hand to his scrotum and fondled his testicles while Jessica stroked his dick. She looked at me and seemed ready for what was about to happen. She let go of his dick and removed her shirt and bra. Since I was invited, I followed suit and in an instant the three of us were on the bed naked. I had gotten some condoms from my bag, put a non-lubed on Tyronne's dick and engulfed it in my mouth almost to the point of gagging. As I worked my tongue on the underside of his penis, I felt Jessica sliding a condom on my own hard rod. 

She started sucking on me, but then stopped and told Tyronne that here was his chance to try it. Apparently they had talked about Tyronne's sexual feelings for men. I shifted around in the bed and Tyronne took me into his mouth while Jessica watched. We both sucked each others' dick for a while, trying not to get off just yet. I asked Jessica if she would like to try taking two guys in her at once. She said her butt hole was a virgin, but she wanted to see if we'd both fit in her vagina. Tyronne was still on his back, so she straddled him and eased down on his long black cock. They shifted to their side and I slid in facing Jessica and pressed my dick against Tyronne's as he was on an out-stroke. Pressing down with my hand we both pushed and were inside Jessica who gave a slight pleasurable moan. 

Tyronne and I gently pushed in and out together, the underside of our cocks rubbing against each others in the tight confines of Jessica's vagina. The intensity of sensation on the frenum of our dicks was almost painful as our tempo of thrusting into Jessica increased to its own spasmodic rhythm. We could feel ourselves coming and I embraced both Jessica and Tyronne, squeezing tightly as my orgasm exploded. They too, were clutching at me and each other. The three of us, our naked, sweaty skin pressed together so tightly as we tried to become one in that one orgasmic moment. Then, tension released, we loosened our grips in breathless exhaustion. 

I could feel my soft shrinking penis sliding with Tyronne's, retreating from Jessica's vagina as I reached down and retrieved the used condom. Jessica took her legs from around me and turned toward Tyronne. I laid at her back, my arm crossing her chest and gently stroking one of Tyronne's stiffened nipples while he appeared to be nearly asleep. I was thinking that Tyronne probably needed another bath, as well as me and Jessica, and wondered if all three of us could fit in the tub at once when I drifted off to sleep.