 Chapter One

I had just finished tutoring Becky. Becky was a struggling student in our private school and the only reason she was still there was because of her family's school endowment. The Dean had adjusted her failing grades to a C in order not to lose the endowment but Becky had not passed a single class. She was entering her senior year and was being tutored by a number of teachers over the summer. Her boyfriend was an excellent student and athlete and was the target of all the girls. Becky and Walt had dated since their sophomore year and he had stayed around campus this summer to be with her. Walt had come to pick her up after the tutoring lesson. During the lesson I had a difficult time keeping my eyes off of her luscious legs. Becky was stunning in her school uniform with the plaid skirt cut 8" above the knee, her white knee high socks, white blouse and blue blazer. I wanted to run my hands up her legs over her thighs to those cotton panties. I dreamed of lowering those panties and burying my face in her pussy and sucking her through multiple orgasms.

Becky was interested in becoming a cheerleader this year and since I was the coach I might be able to make my move on her. She could not make the squad without my help. I had often placed girls on the squad because of their willingness to bestow sexual favors on me.

I watched somewhat appalled and somewhat envious as my 18 year-old student Becky walked down our sidewalk from the house. Her boyfriend Walt, also 18 years old had come to pick her up and he had his hand up her skirt, copping her ass as they walked toward his car. They were both smiling and Becky even nuzzled closer to him when he squeezed her ass cheeks. In spite of her lewd behavior, I felt a pang of jealousy. I wanted to be the one playing with her tits, fondling her ass and fingering her pussy. I suddenly realized that my cunt was sopping wet and I rushed to my bedroom to relieve myself. I rapidly retrieved my dildo from my nightstand, raised my skirt, pushed my panties down and plunged the dildo into my pussy. As I brought myself off I imagined that Becky was fucking me with a strap-on and I came within minutes. I tried to imagine what was in store for Becky tonight.

Ms. Susan Leach had no idea that this would be a routine night for Walt and Becky. Becky is a cute pigtail blond, 5'4," 120 lbs., small firm tits with rock hard sensitive nipples and a perfect shaped killer ass. Walt is 6'1," 200 lbs. and an excellent athlete with a sculptured physique. Walt has also been blessed with a 9" cock that is 5" to 6" around.

Walt and Becky's normal routine is that with Walt holding her by her pigtails, Becky will suck his cock swallowing as much cum as she can. Walt then licks her pussy until she is on the brink then he fills her cunt with his thick cock. He fucks Becky thoroughly bringing her to multiple orgasms before he shoots his second load deep into her cunt. The final round is with Becky on all fours with her beautiful ass in the air. Walt fondles her ass and probes her with his fingers until her asshole is well lubed. He continues to play with her ass until his cock is rock hard again and then he eases his big thick cock into her ass. He penetrates her slowly until he is all the way in, then he fucks her ass while stroking her ass cheeks and Becky plunges her fingers into her cunt. Walt fires his third round of cum into Becky's ass and Becky creams all over her fingers.

Becky was a virgin when she and Walt started dating their sophomore year of high school but Walt was a master of seduction and convinced Becky to expand her horizons. It started out with heavy make-out sessions and petting, which always left Becky's panties soaking wet and with the smell of sex. Soon Becky's tits were exposed and Walt would suck her tits and roll the nipples between his fingers until they were eraser hard. Becky would have orgasms just from Walt playing with her tits. Later in their dating Walt would stroke Becky's thighs when he sucked her tits, occasionally brushing against her panty covered pussy. Becky would jump and moan each time his hand came in contact with her cunt.

One night after one of Walt's ball games, they went to their favorite make out spot. Becky was still dressed in her school uniform and before long her blouse and bra was pushed up over her tits. Walt sucked her tits and stroked her thighs. This time he moved his hand inside her cotton panties and stroked her clit. Becky went wild and humped his hand. Walt then eased her panties down and off her legs, moved between her legs and positioned them over his shoulders. Becky was shaking in anticipation as Walt began to lick her pussy and cupped her beautiful ass cheeks. Becky came numerous times humping her pussy against Walt's face and soaking him with her cum.

Walt moved up along side Becky and kissed her deeply allowing her to taste her own pussy juice. She asked what she could do to reciprocate so Walt steered her petite hands to his exposed engorged cock. Becky stared at it in awe not knowing what she was supposed to do next. Walt guided her through hand job techniques and soon had Becky licking and kissing his cock. He moved her to the next level of sucking the head of his big cock and fondling his cum filled balls. Becky started to get into it and tried to take more and more of his cock in her mouth. Walt could feel his orgasm building but elected not to warn Becky.

His first burst of come caught her totally by surprise and when she felt the second burst she tried to swallow the first. Her mouth quickly filled with cum and to prevent gagging she pulled his cock from her mouth. Walt's cock kept firing cum and it hit her in the face, hair and bare tits. Becky giggled as she held the spurting cock in her hands as Walt's cum flew everywhere. Becky had come along way since their first date.

The next several dates were repeat performances and Becky had become comfortable with both of them being totally naked. Walt added variations to their sex. He taught her about sixty-nine so they could eat each other together. He also introduced his finger into her asshole as he ate her pussy. He placed Becky on all fours, licked her pussy and rimmed her asshole. One night he placed just the head of his cock in her pussy and rubbed her clit with the soft head of his cock. Becky went wild and had multiple orgasms.

Becky told Walt that she was ready to fuck but she wanted to do it somewhere private. Walt arranged for a motel room and they went straight to the room and took off all of their clothes.

With Becky lying back on her bed, Walt slid between her legs and was gentle and patient as he eased his throbbing cock into her pussy. The pressure of his fullness almost negated the pain of losing her virginity. The pain soon subsided and Becky only felt pleasure as the large cock touched every fiber of her cunt. Walt fucked her slowly with long deep strokes and Becky began to hump her cunt up at him. She had numerous orgasms with the last ones violent and vocal. Walt tensed and flooded her pussy to overflowing with his cum. He continued to pump her pussy and she could feel cum running out of her cunt and trickling down her thighs. Becky held Walt tightly as she felt she was in heaven. 

The rest of the day they showered, had more sex and stayed naked all day. At one point they took a bath together in the whirlpool tub. After the bath Walt gave Becky's body a massage with bath oil. First he massaged the front of her body paying special attention to her tits and her pussy. Sensing that she was on the verge of another orgasm he slipped his cock into her cunt and Becky humped herself into frenzy.

Walt then rolled Becky over on her stomach and massaged her back, shoulders and the back of legs. He kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks and as he massaged her ass he put an ample amount of oil on her asshole. Then Walt began to probe her asshole first with one and then two fingers. Before long his fingers were moving easily in and out of Becky's thoroughly lubed asshole. He lifted Becky up by her hips until her ass was in the air as she rested her head on the mattress. He removed his fingers and positioned the head of his cock at the entrance to her ass. As he eased his cock into her bunghole he heard Becky gasp and hold her breath. He assuredly told her to relax and that he would not hurt her.

As Walt eased his cock into her ass the head cleared her sphincter as Becky uttered an audible gasp. He continued to ease his cock in and out of her asshole feeding her an additional ¼ to ½ inch at a time, each time waiting until she relaxed. It seemed to take hours before his entire 9" were lodged deep in her ass. If he had not cum so many times already he would have shot his wad quickly. He started to fuck her with long deliberate strokes as he admired her beautiful ass accepting his huge cock. Walt stroked her marvelous ass cheeks and told her how good she looked in this position with his dick skewering her luscious ass. 

Walt felt his orgasm start down in his balls and rush up through his cock flooding Becky's rectum. He came more than he expected and his cum soon filled her asshole to overflowing and backed up coating his cock and running down the inside of her thighs. They both collapsed on her bed and rolled to their sides with Walt's cock still imbedded in Becky's ass. His cock softened and slipped from her asshole with an audile pop.

Walt and Becky continued their sexual escapades on a regular basis for the next two years. Becky could always count on having all three of her holes filled with cum on each occasion.

Chapter Two

Now as high school seniors they drove in Walt's car from Susan Leach's house to the house where Walt was staying for the summer. Walt had been fingering Becky's cunt the entire trip and they were both horny as hell, so Walt suggested stopping at the house before he drove her to the dorm. Walt was staying with his football coach and his wife, Dan and Rita James, during the summer and helping them out with home projects. Once the school year started he would move back to the dorm. Rita and Dan both taught at the private high school. Dan was 30 years old, 6'0," 180 lbs, brown hair and in great shape. Rita, 27 years old, was a reddish blonde, 5'6," 125 lbs, with nice size tits and a hummer ass. She also worked out all the time and kept herself in tip top shape. 

Dan had a summer job and Rita was shopping that day so they would have the house to themselves and could get in a good fuck session before Becky had to be back at the dorm. They went straight to the room that Walt occupied and immediately stripped off their clothes. Becky was bouncing and giggling on the bed waiting for Walt to join her. They fucked and sucked for several hours with Walt flooding her pussy and her mouth with his seed and Becky coating Walt's face and dick with cunt juice. Becky then moved to all fours and waved her curvy ass in Walt's face. He tongued her asshole for awhile and then lubricated it with lotion. He then covered his cock with a generous amount of lotion and eased his cock into her ass. As many times as they had ass fucked because of Walt's size he made sure that she was well lubed.

Walt and Becky had lost track of time and Rita had come home early from shopping. Rita heard Becky's faint cries coming from Walt's room. Rita found the guest room door open a crack and she could hear Becky moaning and cooing. 

"Oh yeah, fuck my ass with your big cock, I want you to fill it up with your jizm," Becky urged. 

Rita pushed the door open further and peeked inside the room. She saw Becky on all fours with her curvy ass perched in the air and she almost gasped aloud as she watched Walt bury his entire cock in Becky's asshole. Dan had fucked Rita in the ass but Dan had a normal size cock of 6", Rita tried to imagine what Walt's 9" cock would feel like in her ass.

Rita watched in amazement as Walt sawed his big dick in and out of Becky's ass. Becky was rapidly fingering her cunt as Walt fucked her ass. Walt stiffened and buried his entire cock in her ass as he filled it with his cum. Becky lay there impaled on Walt's cock as he fired volley after volley of cum into her ass. Walt's cock eventually softened and left Becky's asshole with an audible popping sound. They both collapsed on the bed facing each other and holding one another tenderly. 

Rita walked into the room and said, "Well it looks like you two enjoyed yourself this afternoon." 

Becky was nervous about being caught but Walt maintained his cool and replied, "I am so sorry Rita I didn't expect you to be home so soon, I hope that we didn't embarrass you." 

Rita was thinking that they should be the ones embarrassed and then she caught herself looking at Walt's limp cock, it was bigger than Dan's even when it is soft. Walt saw her looking at his cock and looked at Rita in a different way. He was thinking about how it would be to fuck her and as his mind wandered his dick started to harden. Walt came out of his trance and realized that he was sporting a full size boner again.

"Rita, why don't you take off your clothes and join us," Walt suggested. 

Rita was taken back but she was interested. She and Dan had swung with some other couples and the thought of making it with these two 18 year olds was a turn on. Rita started to take off her clothes, first her blouse then her bra. She displayed her pert 34" C tits with hard little nipples that turned up toward the ceiling. She slithered out of her tight jeans wiggling her ass as they passed her hips. She wore thong panties that seemed to frame her shapely ass. Rita peeled of her thong and proudly showed off her red bush neatly trimmed around her pussy.

Rita flopped on the bed with all her beauty, lay on her back and asked, "Who wants to eat my pussy first?" 

Becky looked confused as she had never been with a girl but Walt slid between Rita's legs and buried his face in her pussy. Walt knew what he was doing and soon had Rita panting with excitement. As he licked and nibbled her clit, he slid a lubricated middle finger into Rita's asshole and his thumb into her pussy. Rita was humping his face as she came quickly the first time. Walt continued to eat her and Becky began to finger her own pussy as she watched the two of them. 

"Becky come up here and sit on my face," coached Rita. "Come on, I'll eat you as he eats me," Rita urged. 

Becky straddled Rita's face as Rita cupped Becky's curvy ass with her hands. Rita soon had Becky squirming as she ate her out. The two girls got their nut again as Rita creamed all over Walt's face and Becky creamed Rita's face.

Becky rolled off to the side to recover. She had just had a woman eat her pussy for the first time and she loved it. 

"Now bring that big dick up here and fuck my brains out," Rita ordered. 

Walt slid between Rita's legs and pushed his big thick cock into her tight pussy. She was snugger than Becky but she soon loosened up and Walt began to pound her cunt. 

"Sweet Jesus, I have never been so full of cock in my life," Rita exclaimed as Walt filled her pussy. 

Walt kept fucking her, keeping his cock in contact with her clit and Rita was going wild. She thrashed around and humped her cunt up at Walt. She had multiple orgasms and the last was vocal and violent as Walt creamed her pussy with his seed. Rita screamed for Walt to hold her as she thrashed around and seemingly lost her breath.

Becky had never seen anyone else fuck before and it was a real turn on for her. Walt kept fucking Rita slowly and amazingly he stayed hard. Rita pleaded to give her clit a break so Walt rolled her seemingly lifeless figure over on all fours and began to fuck her doggy style. Rita laid her head on the bed and had an absolute look of bliss on her face as Walt screwed his cock in and out of her pussy. Walt started to finger her asshole and Rita felt as if she had two dicks in her. Becky lay next to Rita and started to fondle her tits and tweak her nipples. Rita was moaning as Becky slipped her head under Rita's chest and began to suck on her tits.

Becky was totally carried away and slid further down to lick Rita's twat as Walt's dick fucked in and out of her. Rita was going wild and she was approaching another mind blowing orgasm. As Rita impaled her cunt on Walt's cock and Becky nibbled on her clit Rita was in ecstasy. As Rita thrashed around in orgasm, Walt removed his cock from her cunt and positioned it at her asshole. With Walt's pushing and Rita's thrashing his cock was soon buried in her ass. Walt began to slowly fuck her in the ass and Becky continued to lick Rita's twat. Rita then realized that Walt was in her ass and at first she was nervous due to his size. But apparently she had adjusted well and was soon enjoying the feeling of his big thick dick in her asshole. 

"Oh yeah, fuck my ass, fuck it good. I want to feel you shoot your load in my asshole," Rita exclaimed. 

Becky alternated between Rita's pussy and licking Walt's balls, which accelerated his orgasm. Rita felt Walt bury his cock in her asshole, stiffen tense up and then fire a barrage of cum into her ass. "Oh I feel it, I can feel it, I'm so full," Rita carried on.

Walt's cock slowly softened in Rita's ass and eventually slipped from it right into Becky's waiting mouth. Rita's ass made a popping sound as the cock cleared her asshole. Walt's cum trickled down between Rita's ass cheeks over her pussy lips finding its way to Becky's mouth. Becky sucked Walt's cock clean, lapped up Rita's cunt and accepted Walt's cum as Rita kept pushing it out of her ass. The three of them collapsed on the bed and lay cuddled together for several minutes before the silence was broken. 

Rita said, "You two had better get cleaned up and get Becky back to the dorm." 

Walt and Becky showered together, got dressed and then Walt drove her back to the dorm. Walt returned to the James home but there was no mention of the sex that took place that day. Rita acted as if nothing had happened around Walt and her husband Dan.

Chapter Three

The next morning Walt was lying in bed when he heard Dan leave for work. As soon as Dan's car left the driveway Rita was in Walt's room. Rita came in not wearing a stitch of clothes and said, "I have been thinking about your cock all morning." Then she flopped on Walt's bed on her back and told him to fuck her with his big dick. 

Walt's cock was big all right as it was most mornings when he had a piss hard-on. "I have a piss hard-on," he told Rita, "Let me take a leak first."

"No way," said Rita, "It will take you longer to cum and I want you to last as long as you can."

Walt got between her legs and eased his big dick into Rita's cunt. He fucked her long and hard until Rita couldn't take anymore. Walt felt the constant pressure of trying to cum along with the pressure to piss. 

Rita told him, "Go take your piss now and give my pussy a rest." 

After a long piss, Walt washed his cock and his hands before joining Rita in bed again. Rita told him to lie on his side as she lay on her side facing him in a 69 position. Rita took Walt's erect cock into her mouth and left it slide down her throat. Little by little Rita kept messaging Walt's dick with her throat muscles taking more and more of it down her throat. Rita eventually had Walt's entire cock down her throat and then she blew him away when she sucked his cum filled balls into her mouth. 

For several minutes Rita massaged Walt's cock with her throat as she sucked on his balls and swirled her tongue around the bloated testicles. Walt had never felt anything like this in his life. He knew he was close to cumming and he warned Rita. She just cooed and continued with the best blow job of his life. Walt started to shoot his juice down Rita's throat and into her stomach. Rita milked the life out of him with her throat as she sucked on his balls. It took Walt several minutes before he stopped cumming and regained his senses. His cock was still buried in Rita's throat when he felt her slowly let it escape from her mouth. First his balls popped free and then they were followed by the length of his dick sliding from her mouth. 
