 Author's Note:

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived or displayed, it is done so with the understanding that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive or posting.

Please address all feedback, inquiries, marriage proposals, etc. to the author at mischief1@bigfoot.com.

Disclaimer: This story is a work fiction. None of the characters or events herein are based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or if reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you, do not read any further! By reading further, you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that, to your knowledge, this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law. No animals were harmed in the manufacture of this product.

*******

Judge Evers stood up and removed his robe. Methodically, he stripped off his clothes as both of them watched. He looked the way Angela supposed most middle-aged men looked. An even all over tan made his graying hair look silver against his skin. His chest was flat and undefined, his legs a little better off from 30 minutes on the treadmill each day. However, his cock was everything that Tony's wasn't, nice and thick, swinging seductively between his legs. He sat back down and threw one leg over the arm of the chair. Slowly he stroked his cock until the whole 7" swelled out, hard as a rock.

"Get over here," he said, pointing at Tony. "Let's see how you like being forced to swallow something you didn't choose."

Tony's eyes widened.

"Please Your Honor, no," he pleaded.

The sound of Tony's voice had an effect on the judge. He rolled his eyes and moaned softly, his cock stiffening.

"Please? No? Did Ms. Benton get the chance to say that to you before you accepted that shit deal for her? Get the fuck over here now, asshole," Judge Evers growled. "Or do we add Contempt of Court to your list of transgressions?"

Tony's head dropped and he shuffled over, sliding in his stockinged feet.

"Lick it you fuck," the judge demanded.

Tony got on his knees, placing a hand on each of Judge Evers' thighs, and stuck his tongue out warily. The first taste was bitter and salty, and he recoiled.

"Stop being such a punk and lick the fucking thing," Judge Evers snarled.

Tony stuck his tongue out again, taking a longer lick.

"Mmmmm, that's better. Lick it all. Make it nice and wet you little pussy."

Obediently, Tony ran his tongue along the judge's shaft, starting at the base, going up to the head, then back down. After two passes he stopped.

"What, you think you're fucking done? I want to feel your tongue over every inch my cock. You stop when I tell you to stop," Judge Evers informed him.

Tony looked over at Angela; any attraction she'd had, any possibility of impressing her, was gone. He could see that she pitied him, but he could also see she was aroused. Her nipples looked ready to tear a hole in her too tight blouse.

"Come here, my dear," Judge Evers cooed. "Would you like a closer look?"

Angela tottered over and the judge reached up, squeezing and fondling her breasts with outright desire. She moaned encouragement.

Judge Evers grabbed his cock and slapped Tony's face with it. "Lick!"

Tony did as he was told, covering the cock wetly with his tongue.

"Honey, why don't you get out of those uncomfortable clothes?" the judge asked Angela.

Unlike Tony, Angela didn't need to be told twice. She peeled off her blouse and wiggled out of her skirt and panties so quick the poor man almost got whiplash. In addition to a great set of tits, her waist was straight and her hips round, with a firm and perky ass from the workout it got balancing on 3-inch heels all day. When she bent over to unstrap her shoes, Judge Evers slipped a finger into her now exposed pussy. She groaned appreciatively.

Tony looked up, saw those massive tits dangling above him, and felt his cock harden. He reached down and gave it a few hard pumps.

"Hey fairy boy, eyes front," the judge demanded. "You're doing a good job; you got me leaking. Stick that magic tongue in my piss slit, clean it out good."

Tony scooped out the precum with his tongue, making Judge Evers growl with pleasure. Angela, meanwhile, was balanced on her heels, fucking the judge's fingers (he'd added a second). Without warning he grabbed his cock and pulled it away from Tony.

"Guess what you're going to do now boy?" he taunted.

Tony looked at him with naked fear.

"Ever suck dick?"

Tony shook his head.

"Well it's time you learned. Next to kissing ass, it's the most important skill you'll learn as a lawyer. Now open your mouth," he ordered.

Tony parted his lips.

"Wider you little asshole - I'm bigger than that."

Tony stretched his mouth as wide as he could.

"Good. Cover your teeth with your lips. If you bite me, I promise you'll regret it."

He removed his fingers from Angela's pussy, much to her disappointment, and placed them, still wet, behind Tony's head, guiding him toward his cock. As his cock head pushed in, Tony's lips stretched tight.

"Breathe through your nose. I don't want you passing out," Judge Evers coaxed, resting his cock on Tony's tongue.

He waited for Tony to settle into a rhythm before pushing further in. Tony swallowed involuntarily and the judge bucked.

"Oh shit boy, you're a natural! Now relax that throat; I'm coming in."

He pumped a few times, wedging his cock in Tony's throat, slowly fucking his head. He drew his cock almost all the way out, then pushed Tony's head down until his face was buried in the judge's silvery pubes.

The sound of Angela's moaning caught the judge's attention, and he turned to see her spread out on his desk. The handle of his gavel was in her pussy, her hands on the head, pumping it in and out. Her back was arched and her legs spread in a wide "v", the swollen brown tips of her nipples standing straight out.

The combination of that sight and Tony's mouth pushed him over and he felt the first shot of cum tear out of him. He held Tony down on his cock with both hands, emptying himself down his throat. Tony retched loudly, gagging as the torrent of cum settled in his stomach. He sighed loudly as Tony swallowed every drop he offered. When he'd stopped spurting he slowly raised Tony's head and looked into his eyes; he was broken. This final humiliation had made him his bitch.

"Stand up," he commanded.

Tony did, shoulders stooped.

"Go over to that girl and show her how sorry you are. Help her cum, you little prick - use your tongue on her!" he slapped Tony's ass to get him in motion.

Tony skidded across the marble floor, struggling to keep his balance and not end up sprawled across it. He put a hand over Angela's and removed the gavel. She fought him until he was able to work his tongue in her warm wet hole.

"Oh yeah lawyer man, that's it! Lick me!" she moaned, humping his face, so far past the point of inhibition they could have been on a table in a restaurant and she wouldn't have cared.

Judge Evers stood up and walked over to them, surveying the scene.

"Use your fucking teeth, you pussy - she better cum. Act like your license depends on it," he prodded.

Tony complied, nibbling on her labia, licking her clit roughly. In a flash, Judge Evers picked up the gavel, still wet with Angela's juice, and pushed the handle into Tony's asshole. Tony's head slapped against the desk.

"Oh God! Please no!" he begged

As the judge cruelly pumped the gnarled wood handle in and out of Tony's asshole, Tony's body shook with revulsion and humiliation. The judge increased his speed, increased the pounding, until the head of the gavel hit his crack.

To Be Continued...