 I woke up the next morning as the sun began working in through the cracks of the curtains. At first, until my memory came back, it was just the normal morning and I reveled in snuggling up to my wife under the comforter. I began to come back to reality as I heard noise from the other bed. My head popped up and I looked over to see Jimmy, still asleep, spooning up behind Molly with his hand unconsciously cupping one of her exposed tits. I blinked a couple of times to make sure I was actually awake and seeing things straight. Then the memories of bedtime last night came flooding back. I leaned back from Lisa and looked down between us, across my bare chest and her naked back, all the way down to where my limp dick was pressed up against her ass. 

As I realized it hadn't been a dream, my dick didn't stay limp for long. I kind of felt bad about it, knowing how little Lisa liked to be woken up in the morning before she was ready. But there was just too much bare flesh in sight to keep it down. I watched as the normal morning wood, combined with the situation, quickly popped my dick up to nearly full mast. Now what?

I decided to just let it nestle in between Lisa's ass cheeks and cuddle back in, keeping things as quiet as possible until she woke up. I even managed to keep my hands off her nipples, as bad as I wanted to play. I was nearly back to sleep when Lisa moved her head and kicked her feet just a little, signifying her impending waking. I continued to just lay there and let her progress at her own pace. 

She lay still for a few more minutes before taking a deep breath, then raising her hand to put it on my upper arm where it wrapped around her ribs. She hit a sudden stop, and I assumed she just realized that we were all naked. I could only imagine that, alcohol and hormones now out of her system, she would freak, pushing me away, and demanding I get something for her to put on. 

Instead, she gave a tentative little push back with her ass, as if feeling to confirm that we were really fully naked and that really was my cock against her ass. Question answered, the memories of last night must have come back to her and, much to my pleasure, she held onto my arm a little tighter and cuddled back to me, giving her ass a little shake as she did so. Together as one, we just lay there and I realized it was almost as if we were still in that post-sex glow from the previous night.

After a while, we heard motion from the other bed as Molly began to wake up. Lisa and I watched for a reaction as Molly rubbed her eyes, lifted her head to look at the clock, and then looked down at her exposed torso with Jimmy's hand still cupping her tit. After a slight pause to consider, she let out the breath she had been holding and dropped her head back on her pillow. She looked over at the two of us watching her and, with a cute little smile, said, "Good morning."

Jimmy, too, began to stir as we all just soaked in the joy of waking slowly rather than to the commotion of children setting the schedule for getting up. Realizing Lisa was having no adverse response to waking up in a room of naked people, I slid my hand up and gave her tit a little squeeze before teasing her nipple with just the tips of my fingers. In response, she pressed her hips back against my cock and I gave a little push back forward. It was nothing terribly obscene, just a little playful. Jimmy, too, became a little more animated as he gave first one tit, then the other a good, full-handed squeeze. He then slid his hand down her ribs. Covered by their sheet from there, I could only make an educated guess that he slid his hand down between he and Molly to make a little 'adjustment' to his cock before pulling his hand back out and put it on her hip, pulling it back against him.

"So what time is our appointment?" Lisa asked. As something to do during the trip, the girls had scheduled us for a guided tour of a local brewery. Neither of them were really beer drinkers, but they set it up as a bit of consolation to the two of us guys for putting up with their gossip and girl talk all weekend. That was, of course, before the weekend had taken the surprising turn last night.

Looking at the clock, Molly quickly calculated that we had just less than two hours to get all of us up, showered, and out the door. 

"Two hours? Sounds like plenty of time to me," I said as I began to run my hand down between Lisa's thighs.

"Oh good grief," she playfully argued as she reached back to my hip and pushed me away from her. With a flare of drama, I fell onto my back and let out an over exaggerated sigh of mock frustration.

"I don't know, I don't think it would take me too long," Jimmy tried to resurrect the argument. "Should be plenty of time." He gave a couple of good hip thrusts against Molly, using his hand on her hip to provide more resistance and pressure.

"You two are so male," Lisa groaned. With a laugh Molly added, "No doubt."

"And you two seemed to rather enjoy our 'maleness' last night," I said. With their silence, I decided I won that argument.

"All right, I'll be the first," Molly said, throwing back the covers and rolling out of bed. She got up, grabbed a few things and headed in to take a shower. 

As the three of us lay there, listening to the shower turn on, Jimmy reached for the TV remote and began flipping through the channels. While I watched the screen, waiting for him to settle on something, Lisa rolled over to me, and throwing a leg over, slid over on top of me. My heart quickened just a beat or two as she lay on top of me and her furry mound lay on top of my half-hard cock. She leaned in and gave me a few leisurely pecks on the lips before resting her head on my shoulder. As I ran my hands down her back to simply rest them on her ass, she gave a little roll of the hips to grind against my now stiffening cock. As she applied pressure, her curly hairs tickled the bottom of my cock and then down over my balls. She finished the down-stroke, then after a few seconds rest, slowly rolled her hips back up the length of my shaft. As I looked over, Jimmy was entirely locked in on the program he had found and unaware of our activities, or he was intentionally keeping his awareness hidden from us. Either way, I didn't really care.

I caressed my hands as low on her ass as I could reach, then out to the sides, communicating my desire for her legs to be spread wider. Taking my hint, Lisa bent her knees and pulled them up, causing her to be closer to squatting on my now hard cock than simply laying on it. From the new position, she continued the slow up and down strokes of her mound and I simply ran my hands up and down her back, just giving that gentle, loving encouragement of a lover in the hands of another.

After several minutes of nearly identical strokes, Lisa made another up-stroke along my shaft but moved up higher than before, sliding far enough that her pussy actually slid up and past the end of my bulging head. She again made the customary pause before sliding back down, but this time the head of my dick slid up between her thighs before making contact with her now wet, hot pussy lips. Without any pause whatsoever, she continued the down stroke, impaling herself on me. As she bottomed out, she again paused and I let out a sigh of contentment, simply enjoying the feeling of being wrapped in my wife's pussy.

For the next ten minutes, the slow sensual rhythm continued. Up stroke until only the head of my dick rested between her lips, pause, down stroke to my balls, pause. The two of us lay there, and slowly made love as Jimmy, apparently oblivious, was only feet away, in broad daylight, watching TV. I was so mesmerized, I didn't even hear Molly finish in the shower and come back out into the room.

"All right, who's next?" she asked with a definite cheer in her voice. I looked over to see her standing by their suitcase, still completely naked but for the towel wrapped around her hair.

"I'll go," Lisa responded. And with the impending anticlimactic end to our fuck, I let out a groan. Lisa sat upright on my dick, pulling her feet up beside my hips, and simply stood straight up, letting my dick slide from her pussy as she went up. Standing over me, she looked down and directed, "I'll shower quick, and then while I'm doing my hair, you can come in and shower to keep things moving."

I didn't respond, I just lay there, watching her lubricating fluids run down the inside of her thigh, then looked up to her eyes as she gave me a wicked little wink. And then she stepped over me, off the bed, and was gone. 

Molly paused at the foot of my bed and, looking down at my dripping wet cock, said, "And Jimmy just lays there watching TV."

"Huh?" Jimmy asked in response to hearing his name.

Molly and I both chuckled before she responded, "Nothing, just enjoy your show."

I don't know about his show, but I did enjoy mine. I just laid there in bed with my hands behind my head and my wet shaft completely exposed and softening slightly as it air-dried. I only half-feigned watching TV as I watched Molly's naked body move around the room getting ready for the day. Before long, the shower shut off and Lisa called out for me to take my turn in the shower. I was awfully content where I was. But I also hoped Lisa had followed Molly's lead, staying undressed after her shower. So I got up and went into the semi-privacy of the bathroom with her (as if privacy really mattered any more). 

I leaned in and kissed the back of her neck and shoulders, placing my hands on her sides just above her hips. 

"Quit. I just took a shower and want to stay clean for at least a little while. Get that thing away from me and clean it up," she playfully bantered as she turned to push me away. I gave a mock look of dejection as I stepped back. "Oh, OK. Just a little treat for you then," she said as she squatted down and sucked my cock into her mouth. After a good minute of really working her tongue and lips, she pulled off, stood up, and said, "Good thing I haven't brushed my teeth yet. Now get in the shower."

I took just a little extra time, enjoying the feeling of the never ending supply of hot water that only hotels seem to be able to offer. After a little soak and some good scrubbing, I shut the shower off and stepped out to dry off. Lisa had already left the bathroom, so I stepped out to the room and called, "Next."

Molly was still wandering around naked, getting ready for the day. Lisa had sat down about half way up the wall side of our bed, digging through our bag. As Jimmy headed into the bathroom for his shower, I sat down on the far side of the bed from Lisa, next to the little table between the beds to check messages on my phone. 

"Ugh, I don't know what to wear," Lisa groaned as she threw herself onto her back on the bed.

Molly laughed and retorted with, "You know, if we didn't have this tour scheduled, we could just sit around here naked all day. Then you wouldn't have to decide on clothes."

"True, but I would need some food anyway."

"We could order in," I offered my solution, knowing full well it wasn't really an option. "The three of us will hide around the corner and make Jimmy answer the door." Laughs from all.

Finding no messages of any consequence, I put the phone down and looked back at Lisa lying on the bed behind me. I looked down over her face to where, like two sacred hills, her tits sat on her chest, jiggling with any little move, and each gracefully topped with a puffy areola and slightly wrinkling nipple. From there, my eyes wandered down across her tummy to where her fur-covered mound rose from between her thighs. Liking what I saw, I turned on my side and lay down next to her. Because we had started on opposite sides of the bed, we were now lying there inverted, with my arm holding up my head in line with her hip. As if to comfort her frustration, I put my hand on her stomach and began tracing my fingers around her tummy and lower ribs as she and Molly continued their conversation about the difficulty of picking the right clothes for the occasion. 

After a few minutes, I became a little bolder and began to run my fingers through the top of her bush. Still talking with Molly, She spread her legs ever so slightly to allow me to continue my advancement. I spent a little time tracing my finger tips along the inside of one thigh, across and through the top of her bush to the other side before running my fingers down the inside of the other thigh. Each pass across the top, I made sure my path was just a little lower than the previous. Finally, as my path crossed just the top of her slit, she gave a little shiver and spread her thighs a little wider. Even with the recent shower, I could smell that sweet muskiness of her arousal and knew I was doing fine.

With their conversation at an apparent pause, Lisa reached up with her hand that had been lying along her side and wrapped her fingers around my semi-flaccid dick. I took a deep breath at the sensation and worked my fingers deeper between her thighs. Looking back, I saw that Lisa had turned her face towards my cock and was working with her eyes closed and mouth slightly open as Molly seemed to ignore us, continuing her naked movement around the room. I gave a couple of the slightest pushes on her pussy lips just above where I knew her love hole to be before pulling my hand out, dragging my middle finger along her now wet slit until I reached that little bud of excitement. 

Responding to the touch, Lisa moved her far leg out to the side as far as was comfortable, opening her snatch to the free movement of my fingers. At the same time as I began to work my finger deeper between her folds, she increased the pressure on my dick.

"Wow, and I always thought 69'ing meant one on top of the other, not side by side," Molly commented as she stood between the beds and watched to two of us work.

"Actually," I began with some sarcastic emphasis, "69'ing involves oral. As you can undoubtedly see from your vantage point, we are just..."

My sentence was cut short as I felt Lisa, keeping her grip around my shaft, lick the pre-cum from the tip of my cock before taking the rest of my head into her mouth.

Giggling, Molly said, "Well, there's the 60. Now how about the 9? Come on 9'er!"

Not one to disappoint, I grabbed Lisa's far hip and rolled her to me. She kept her one foot up, top leg bent, and pussy fully exposed as I moved in. I rested my head on the inside of her thigh and paused to deeply inhale the scent of her. With lungs full of air, I pursed my lips and let the breath out, blowing the cool air across her damp pussy. She moaned insistently on my dick, which was still in her mouth. I stuck my tongue out and slowly ran it from her clit all the way to her love hole, covering as much of her pussy as I could at any given moment. Upon reaching my target, I made my tongue as pointy as I could and forced it into that tight little hole, fucking her a few times with my tongue before completely pulling out. 

As I again flattened my tongue and moved towards her clit, I peeked out from between her thighs, and over the curve of her ass cheeks, and watched as Molly stood there observing us, running her own hand down and between her legs. Making eye contact with her, I made sure the sounds were a little extra dramatic as I sucked Lisa's clit in between my lips, let it pop out, and then sucked it back in again. As I watched, a shiver ran through Molly's whole body as her eyes fluttered. Upon regaining control, she pulled her hand from her mound and went back to preparing for the day. 

Had I stopped to think about it, I would have still been in shock that any of this weekend had happened. And yet, here I was in a 69 with my wife and Molly had just had a small orgasm watching us as I watched her finger herself. That image was enough for me and I put all of my attention back on my wife, giving her the tongue fucking of her life. She responded in kind, increasing her eagerness for my cock. As she began to moan and hum around my cock, I could feel that I was getting really close. I did everything I could to hold back as I redoubled my efforts on her pussy, the juices fully soaking my facial hair. Finally feeling the first lurches of her orgasm, I let my own loose. Like a pro, she backed off, keeping a tight seal around just the head of my cock, leaving enough room in her mouth for my heavy load of cum. How she managed that was beyond my understanding - I had everything I could do just to keep my mouth engaged with her wild pussy throughout the orgasm.

Letting the last pulses of pleasure subside, we disengaged from each other and Lisa rolled onto her back. Breathing heavily, she finally said, "Wow that was great."

"No kidding," Molly agreed. I made eye contact and we exchange a knowing little wink.

About the time we finally caught our breath, Jimmy came out of the bathroom and Lisa quickly jumped up and went past him to clean up.

Looking at me with my now deflating cock, Jimmy finally spoke. "Did I miss something?"

Molly walked past him and, giving him a little tug of the cock said, "I'll show you later."

Nearing the deadline for our departure, I got up and we all got dressed and headed out the door for our brewery tour, grabbing a little breakfast in the hotel lobby as we went past.

~~~~~~~~~

We thoroughly enjoyed the brewery tour, even the ladies. I was so fascinated with the tidbits of the process, the hops, the malting, that I nearly forgot about the events of the last 12 hours. But not quite. Every so often, usually as I caught a glimpse down Molly's shirt, or brushed up again Lisa's ass in particularly tight quarters, I would have to stick a hand in my pocket and make a little adjustment to avoid detection of my semi. From there, we grabbed a quick lunch and ate it in the city park along the creek. We continued to have a great time, with little to no mention of our wild group sex. We just chatted about work, the kids, fishing, the ridiculous stories our parents got themselves into. After lunch, the girls decided we were going to walk downtown and visit some of the local shops. With no better ideas, Jimmy and I trudged along behind as the two ladies led the way. Finally arriving back at the hotel, we realized we hadn't had supper and it was well past time for that, so we grabbed a quick bite at the hotel's café.

We had had one cocktail with supper, but as we walked out of the restaurant, we all agreed that a little more was a good idea. We had polished off our stash the night before, but there was a liquor store down the street, only a few blocks by Jimmy's recollection. Someone suggested we hop in the car and run down there, but Jimmy stated he needed a little more exercise after his meal, and noted the fresh air would recharge his batteries for the rest of the evening. He wouldn't be deterred, so we let him go as the three of us headed back up to the room.

I opened the door and stepped aside to let Molly and then Lisa into the room, I was just turning back to the door as I looked up to see Molly pulling her shirt over her head. It was one of those tank tops with the bra built in, so its removal left her naked from the waist up.

"Good Lord, I'm not even in the door yet, let alone have the door shut, and you're already stripping."

"Hey, it's a hotel room. You're not supposed to be fully clothed in a hotel room."

"So you want to share it with anyone walking by?"

"No, just you guys. Anyone else is just incidental."

Throughout our banter, she had dropped her jeans, leaving herself standing there in nothing but her panties and I took just a moment to check them out. There were just a cute little pair of low cut bikini briefs in a nice shade of lime green. 

"I agree," Lisa spoke up. "Hotel rooms are whole lot more enjoyable when you aren't dressed."
