 Author's Notes: This story involves anal sex and light bondage, and has elements of incest (step-siblings), lesbianism, group sex, and exhibitionism/voyeurism. 

++++++ 

Tuesday morning Joe was in my office again. 

"Tell me Charlie that what I think happened this weekend was actually real." Joe was almost pleading with me. "It was so fantastic, maybe it was all a dream." 

"No dream Joe. It actually happened." I tried to reassure him. 

"I remember having five orgasms between Saturday night and Sunday morning. FIVE ORGASMS! I've never done that before." he said as if still in disbelief. 

I was aware of at least four, but I suspected he and Kim also had some Sunday morning fun, as did Erica and I. "Yup, all that happened Joe." I answered him. 

"And I am invited over again on Saturday for more of the same?" he asked in a hopeful voice. 

"Not exactly." I began to reply. A look of concern was on Joe's face. "We don't always have pizza every Saturday." 

Joe looked very relieved. "I can accept that." 

+++++ 

Tuesday night was my new night to be alone with Kim. I didn't think of her as my sister anymore. She was one of my two lovers. As I was driving home from work, I was looking forward to being alone with her for the night. 

"Hello lover. Welcome home." Kim greeted me along with a hug and a very long kiss. 

"Well hello there!" I remarked as I checked out my sexy sister. She was dressed in a tight crop-top that emphasized her full breasts, a very short blue jean mini skirt, and tall heels. She wore heavy makeup, especially an erotic cat-eye treatment of her eyes, and some bright red lipstick. To be honest, she looked slutty, and I loved it. My cock was swelling in my pants. 

"Are we alone? Or is Erica around?" I asked Kim, hoping we were alone. 

"Erica is meeting an old school friend of ours, Sarah, for a drink and then there are going shopping together, some things Erica and I need for Saturday. If she comes home tonight, it will be very late." Kim looked at me with a sultry look, handed me a glass of my favorite red wine, and led me over to the sofa. 

I always loved it when the girls took charge of a situation, as the results were always very erotic and full of sex. This appeared headed in the same direction. 

"You spoke with Joe today and he is coming over Saturday?" Kim asked me. 

I laughed as the question was silly, and we both knew it. "Any doubt he would come here at every opportunity? He is one very horny guy and after this past weekend's activities, he is ready to move in with us." 

"You may, or may not know, that Joe is a very kinky guy." Kim whispered in my ear as she pressed her voluptuous breasts against me. If she was trying to arouse me, she was definitely succeeding. 

I turned and raised an eye at her. Obviously she had more to say. 

"Joe and I got very little sleep Saturday night." she continued. 

"Yeah. Your screams woke Erica and me at least once." 

"Only once?" she asked, as if hurt that we hadn't heard more. 

"I closed both our doors." I replied in a more serious tone. 

"Anyway, between fucks, Joe and I had some interesting conversations." Kim told me in a matter of fact way. It was becoming obvious that this was leading somewhere and I sat back to listen. I also thought this situation strange in that here she was speaking frankly about sex with another man, my friend, while she was my sister, and my lover. She had no limits to the surprises. 

"One topic of discussion was what kinks or fetishes we have. Joe has some kinky ideas. Erica and I talked about this yesterday and we have devised a special treat for Joe. That is the reason for Erica meeting Sarah and then the shopping they will be doing." 

"A special treat?" I asked, very curious about what they had planned. "And do I have a role in this?" 

"Erica and I will play out with Joe one of his kinky fantasies. You may watch. And when we are finished, I will take Joe to the other room and help him recover. We will leave you and Erica alone for the rest of the night." 

"Help him recover?" I was curious and a bit concerned for my friend. "What shopping is Erica doing?" 

"I could tell you, but then there is no surprise for you. And we want you to have some fun too." Kim said in a sexy, sultry voice as she snuggled in next to me. She was running her fingertips lightly up my leg, something she knew was one of my hot buttons. 

I was enjoying the conversation with Kim, and her sexy mannerisms as she snuggled next to me, whispers sexually in my ear, and caressed my sensitive areas. 

"So what fetishes or kinky desires do you have, my sister? Hmmm?" I asked Kim. 

Kim sat back and lowered her head and looked up into my eyes with her eyes. She looked like a little school girl with a confession to made. 

"If I have some kinky desires, will you think less of me?" she asked. 

"You never cease to amaze me with your new sexual ideas and desires. Is there something else I should know?" I asked as I began to caress her bare arm with my fingers. 

"You know a while back I asked you and Erica to give me a DP, mouth and pussy. But a REAL DP would be ass and pussy. I've never had anything in my ass other than a very occasional finger." Kim was speaking slowly and deliberately. 

I could sense where this was going, but I kept quiet and tried to not show any special expressions. I let her continue. 

"Charlie, I want you to be my first. I want you to fuck my ass. Depending upon how I like that, I may later want you and Joe to take me in a real ass and pussy double penetration." 

It appeared that Kim was almost trembling in nervousness. I wrapped my arms around her and gave her a big-brother hug. 

"We've done the incest thing, and have loved that. And you fucked my ass with that strap-on of yours. I would be honored to take your anal virginity. Likely a lot of fucking fun." 

We both giggled at my use of the phrase 'fucking fun'. 

Kim looked up at me again and smiled. Then we kissed tenderly. 

"I know you will be gentle, until I no longer want you to be gentle." she said with a wicked wink. "I even had an enema this afternoon, so I'm all cleaned out. You may still want to use a condom. I made sure we have some available, along with lots of lube." 

Kim then stood and took my hand, leading me to our love nest. I didn't know if she was in a hurry to do this deed, or didn't want to risk backing out if she thought about this too long. I had never fucked anyone in the ass, so in a way, I too was an anal virgin. 

Once in the bedroom, we helped each other undress in a loving, tender way. We often paused to kiss one another. It felt similar to the first time having sex with a new lover. But it wasn't the way I imagined preparing for anal intercourse. Not that I had really thought before about doing anal. 

Kim got on the bed on her hands and knees, with her knees spread as she presented her virgin ass to me. She knew to rock her hips forward so it was her anus, and not her pussy, which was the target. I saw where she had set out condoms, lube, and a box of tissues on the nightstand next to the bed. I moved these items onto the bed in a handy location. 

I kissed her butt cheeks and ran my hands over her curves. I ran my fingers along her crack, down to her pussy which was beginning to get damp. I supposed that sexual arousal, even before anal sex, still creates the same physical reactions. 

My cock was becoming hard and I had a strong desire to first fuck her pussy as I knew how wonderful that felt I rubbed her pussy with my fingers, and when she was wet enough I slid two fingers inside. 

"Mmmm, feels good." she moaned "But I thought you were going to fuck my ass." 

"Are you in a rush?" I asked "I'm in no rush, and I think we can enjoy this experience several ways. Maybe some foreplay before doing the deed." 

I continued to slide my fingers in and out of her pussy. She began to rock back against my motions and her moans continued. I pulled my fingers out of her very wet pussy and inserted my cock. We both moaned together at the exquisite feeling. 

I was kneeing behind her in an upright position so I could see her puckered rosebud just above where my cock was sliding in and out of her vagina. I squirted some lube on her anus and began to massage it with a finger tip, soon pushing that finger inside her. 

"Oh Charlie, that feels good. I can tell that I eventually want two cocks in those two holes." 

I figured the next test would be two fingers in her ass. I squirted more lube on her and then forced a second finger inside. She groaned a bit and froze in position while her ass became accustomed to that amount of stretch. Within moments she began to rock back and forth with my cock still in her pussy and now two fingers in her ass. Soon I had both fingers as deep as they could go. 

"Shall I try three fingers? Or are you ready to go for broke?" I asked her in a loving gentle way. 

"I want your cock." is all she said. 

I pulled my cock out of her pussy and my fingers out of her ass. Quickly I put a condom on my cock, squired it with some lube and them put more lube on her anus. I used a tissue to remove the excess lube from my hand. Then holding my cock at the base, I pointed it at my sister's anus which was beginning to close again. 

"Fuck me Charlie. Fuck me in my ass." she said in a soft voice. I could sense she was trying to relax her body, especially her ass hole. 

I slowly pushed my cock forward and discovered that my cockhead popped inside her with relative ease. I held it there a moment, waiting for a sign to continue. That sign came when Kim pushed back upon me, causing my cock to enter her another inch or so. I heard her suck some air as she froze in place again. 

Then it was my turn. I grabbed her hips with both hands and shoved my cock into her ass another couple of inches. Kim let out a shriek and I froze. She was gasping for air again. 

"Fuck that is tight." she said. "And it feels soooo good." 

I was aware that she had lowered her head to the bed and no longer used her hands for support. I was fairly certain that one hand was between her legs as she fingered her clit. 

She pushed back again, nearly taking my entire cock inside. I could feel that the grip of her ass around my cock was not as tight as when we started. I started to move back and forth, in and out of her ass. Initially just a little way, less than an inch. But as we continued, my stokes became longer and I eventually was burying my entire cock to the hilt in her ass. I was really fucking my sister's ass, I thought to myself. 

"You can stop being gentle, Charlie. Fuck my ass. Fuck it hard." she demanded. 

I stepped up the speed and force as I plunged my hard cock into her tight, no longer virgin hole. She was clearly fingering her pussy now and moving towards an orgasm. A sheen of sweat was appearing on her back and shoulders. And she was taking deliberate, measured breaths of air. 

"Oh that feels good. Fuck me. Fuck me." she continued to command between moans and groans. 

We continued this pace for quite a while. I was surprised by my own stamina, and the lack of feeling of my own orgasm coming. I knew I was doing this for my sister, and I was intent on giving her what she wanted. 

"OH I AM SO FUCKING HORNY." Kim was practically screaming in frustration "I CAN'T CUM, I CAN'T CUM." 

Kim reached her hand back and pushed me away, forcing my cock to pop out of her ass. 

"Fuck my pussy! Make me cum!" she demanded. 

I grabbed some tissues and removed the condom, which was actually very clean other than the lube. I then took aim and shoved my cock deep into her cunt in one swift motion. I knew that when she got this horny, all she wanted was a swift hard fuck from behind. 

I grabbed hold of her hips again and began a rapid pounding into her pussy. 

"Oh Yes. Oh Yes! OH FUCKING YES!" she screamed. I could tell that she was still fingering her clit and then her orgasm exploded inside her body. 

She screamed and thrashed about on the bed. I did well to hold her tight to me and keep my cock inside her. I didn't know if I was more shocked by the intensity of her orgasm or the fact that I still hadn't cum yet. 

Finally she fell flat on the bed, and I fell on top of her, my cock popping out of her. I slid off to her side, both of us face down on the bed, and my arm was still around her. We were face to face. I could see and feel her taking deep breaths and her legs were still twitching. 

"Fuck that was so intense!" she said. "Thank you for an incredible experience." 

"That was intense. Glad I could help. And honored to be the one to take your anal virginity." 

She drifted off, likely asleep or just numbed by the experience. I too felt the need to rest and I just laid there, my arm around her, feeling her breathing slow down as her orgasm slipped away. 

Sometime later I was aware that Kim was gently kissing me and had a hand around my cock stroking me. 

"Lover, you never got to cum, did you?" Kim said more as a statement than a question. She continued to stroke my cock and plant kisses on my lips. 

I wrapped my arms around her and rolled her on top of my body, giving her a big embrace. 

"I just love being with you, sister." I said. My cock was getting harder and was throbbing, something I was sure she could feel on her tummy. 

After a few more kisses, Kim sat up, pressing her damp pussy onto my cock which made it throb even harder. Then she rose up on her knees and guided my cock to her entrance as she lowered herself back down on me, her warm wet sheath surrounded my manhood and it felt oh so wonderful. 

Kim looked down into my eyes and spoke. "Brother, it was so naughty of us having anal sex with your cock filling my ass. And it is so wonderfully naughty committing incest with my brother. I am going to fuck you until your cum floods my pussy and flows out of me." 

And she did exactly that. She sat mostly still and rocked her hips, giving me a slow gentle fuck that seemed to last forever. 

"That anal was an amazing experience." Kim spoke in a very sultry voice. "I hope you will be willing to do that to me again, and next time I want Joe's cock in my cunt while you fill my ass." 

That slow fuck by Kim was wonderful, I came like a horse, flooding her womb with my cum until it was flowing out of her and all over me and the bed. 

And I fell asleep with her cuddling next to me. 

+++++ 

Friday morning I was sent off to work with my instructions concerning Joe. I was to have him at our home about 6 PM on Saturday, offer him a drink, beer or wine, but not anything to eat. We should be in the living area and the girls would make their appearance. I knew very little more about what they had planned. 

And so it was on Saturday that Joe arrived just after 6 PM. I offered and he accepted a cold beer, and we sat in the living area discussing the week's work. 

"Are Kim and Erica here?" Joe finally asked. 

"I think they have something planned for you tonight." I said, getting Joe's attention. "Something about a special treat involving some kinky desires you have." 

Now I definitely had his attention. 

At that moment the two girls appeared. I was floored by their appearance. Both were dressed as a dominatrix wearing black leather corsets complete with metal clasps and garters to which were attached black seamed stockings that ended inside their black, high spiked shoes. Neither of them wore panties of any sort. Kim held a riding crop and Erica had a leather flogger. 

"I am Mistress K" began Kim. 

"And I am Mistress E" said Erica. 

Kim and Erica stood before Joe. Kim spoke next, "You will do exactly as we say. You will remain quiet at all times. You will not speak unless we tell you to. There will be no questions." 

Joe's facial expression was a mixture of pure delight mixed with some concern. I sat back to watch the entertainment and drink my beer. This should be a fun evening, I thought to myself. 

"Do you agree to our terms? Yes or No?" asked Erica "If not, leave now and never return." 

Of course that was a false threat. We all knew there was no way that Joe would be leaving. But this was their way to have him commit to their terms for the evening. It was immediately obvious to me that one of Joe's kinky fantasies was to be dominated by a dominatrix, and in this case he had two dominatrix. 

"Yes" Joe said, still a bit stunned by what was unfolding. 

"Yes what?" barked Kim as she sharply hit his hand with the riding crop "You will address us with either 'Yes Mistress, or No Mistress." 

"Yes, Mistress. I agree to your terms." Joe said in a clear voice. He was catching on quickly. 

"Good." said Kim. "Stand up and remove all your clothes. Then assume an upright kneeling position on the floor in front of us and hold your hands behind your back." 

Joe quickly and silently did as she said. He glanced quickly my way but I was just watching, without emotion. 

Erica noticed his glance my way and she quickly flogged his bare ass. "You don't need to look at him. He doesn't matter. You must pay all your attention to your two Mistresses, and only to us." 

"Yes Mistress." Joe quickly replied as his eyes returned forward to the Doms. 

Erica stepped behind Joe and put a pair of handcuffs on his wrists. She then stepped back in front of him, next to Kim. 

"Have you eaten any dinner tonight?" asked Kim. 

"No, Mistress, I have not." replied Joe. 

"Mistress E, please show our little slave what he will be eating tonight." Kim said to Erica. 

Erica stepped in front of Joe, about two feet away. She raised a leg and swung it up his side and let it rest upon his shoulder. Her exposed pussy was a few inches in front of his face. 

"Look good at what you will be eating tonight. And you better eat it very well and pleasure Mistress E with several good orgasms, or else...." Kim cracked her crop loudly upon the wooden coffee table nearby. 

I could see Joe shudder even as he let his tongue lick his lips. He looked hungry at Erica's pussy. 

"Take a good look at her pussy. You won't see it while you are eating it." Kim announced as Erica removed her leg from Joe's shoulder and she backed away. Kim step forward and tied a blindfold around Joe's head, making sure he could not see. Erica picked up an item from behind a chair and approached Joe again. 

"This will help you find your way in the dark." Kim told him as she attached a leather collar around his neck and then attached a chain to the D-link on the front of the collar. 

"Walk on your knees, slave, and follow us." commanded Kim as she took the chain leash and led Joe down the hallway to the bedroom. Erica looked back towards me and with a wink and a smile waved for me to follow them. 

I grabbed another beer and walked to the bedroom. I noticed that the ottoman in the room had been moved to the corner. I chose to sit there, out of the way but with a clear view of all the activity on the bed. 

Joe had been positioned in the middle of the bed on his knees which were spread apart. His hands were still bound behind his back, and he was told to lean forward and hold his face just above the bed. 
