 Author's Notes: This story involves elements of incest (step-siblings), lesbianism, group sex, light bondage, and exhibitionism/voyeurism. 

WARNING: This chapter does include a 4-some involving 2 women and 2 men. You have been forewarned. If you aren't interested, please don't read this. 

++++++ 

Monday morning I sat in my office in a daze. The weekend with the girls had been fabulous, we had great sex Saturday night and more sex twice on Sunday. 

Sunday morning Erica had asked that Kim and I give her a 'DP' experience and we did our best. Erica, on her knees in the middle of the bed, let me fuck her face while her bi-sexual lover, and my step-sister, Kim, used the large dildo attachment on the strap-on and fucked Erica from behind. By prior arrangement, Erica wanted me to unload my cum in her mouth, but she didn't swallow. What I didn't know, until it happened, was that Erica and Kim had planned a cum-swap in advance. When Erica had her orgasm, it triggered my orgasm, which filled her mouth with my cum. Kim had pulled the strap-on out of Erica's pussy and got into position for the two girls to kiss and swap my cum back and forth, snowballing it. 

It was so erotic that my cock stayed hard. Soon I was fucking Kim and giving her an orgasm. 

That night was one of our designated 3-some nights. According to our new arrangement, we would have 3-some sex on Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Monday night would be just me and Kim, although this week Kim had forfeited her night to Erica. Wednesday night would be just Erica and Kim, my night alone in the guest room. And Friday night would be me alone with Erica. 

During our 3-some nights we sometimes did round-robin 2-somes. I would have sex with one girl. Then while I recovered, the two girls had sex, followed by me having sex with the other girl. Of course, the odd person out often was involved by kissing the others, or lending a hand for manual stimulation to the other two. So, in essence, we were all involved in all couplings. 

Other times, we looked for different ways to have true 3-some sex, something where we all were sexually involved and could attempt to all have an orgasm together. 

Last night was one of the latter type of 3-somes and we used one of my favorite ways. I laid on my back with one girl riding my cock while the other rode my face. The two girls were facing each other so that they could kiss and play with each other's tits. Together we had a fun, messy time and we all had our orgasms together. 

As I sat at my desk Monday morning, reminiscing about the weekend, Joe walked past my office and saw the silly grin on my face as I stared into space. He walked in and closed the door behind him. 

"I want whatever you had this weekend." Joe spoke, knowing generally about my arrangements with Kim and Erica. 

I looked at Joe with a big grin. "Actually Joe, I am glad you dropped in. I have a question for you." 

"Fire away, but I think the answer is 'Yes'." he replied with a sly smile. It was almost as if he knew where this was going. 

"I want to know if you would like to join Kim, Erica, and me for dinner tomorrow night at The Top Hat restaurant?" I asked him, attempting to keep a straight face. 

"Are you kidding me? Of course I do. Is this just for dinner, or do I need to bring my toothbrush and a change of clothes?" Joe was very eager in his response. 

"Slow down there stud." I replied trying to manage expectations. "The girls don't know you and want to just meet you on safe turf. Nothing else will happen tomorrow night." 

I thought that Joe was going to kiss me or maybe just hug me. His excitement was clearly obvious. I kept my distance and when he extended a hand to shake mine, I shook his hand. 

"Tomorrow night is a date." he stated as he left my office, a bounce in his step. 

After he left I sent a text message to Kim and Erica. 

"Dinner with Joe tomorrow night" 

+++++ 

When I arrived home Monday evening, the girls were waiting for me, eager to discuss our planned date with Joe on Tuesday. I was somewhat surprised that they apparently wanted to have a stranger join us in our home, and possibly in our bed. One might have thought that I was bringing home a present or a new toy for them. And maybe Joe will be a new boy-toy for them. 

"How did it go with Joe? How much did you tell him?" asked Erica. 

"Does he expect to join us in bed?" added Kim. 

"Joe is eager to meet you." I replied. "He knows that there are two of you, and only one of me, so I think he has certain, . . . hopes. I tried to control his expectations for tomorrow and I told him there we'll only be having dinner, nothing else." 

The girls had prepared dinner, so after changing into comfortable clothes and having a beer, I joined them at the dinner table. They continued to ask questions about Joe, and for the most part I told them they would have to meet Joe and hopefully their questions would be answered. 

After dinner we all moved to the couch in the TV area. They continued to ask questions and discuss how we might add another to our bedroom activities. I was hesitant to be discussing having Joe in our bed as the girls had never met him. But they persisted in that line of conversation. The more we talked about our 3-way sex and some possible 4-way sex, the more each of us was becoming aroused. Soon we were kissing, touching and eventually removing clothes. 

We moved to the bedroom and engaged in various 2-somes and 3-somes while even continuing the discussion about adding possibly Joe to our play. It was all a bit surreal to me. There never was any question that this was supposed to be my one-on-one night with Erica, and we all enjoyed our evening together and all three of us fell fast asleep together. 

+++++ 

Tuesday at work I began to have second thoughts about the course we were pursuing. Did I really want another man, and a long-time friend at that, naked in bed with me and the girls? I knew that Joe and I would not be doing anything with each other, but just the thought of two men having sex with two women together in the same bed at the same time began to concern me. Was I really ready for this? Is this really what the girls wanted? And if this happened, would it be a one-time thing, or would it repeat? For some reason I could only think about how things could go wrong, and there were plenty of ways. I tried to focus on the fact that tonight was just dinner. There were no definite plans for anything beyond dinner. 

After work I drove home to shower and change clothes before going out for dinner. The Top Hat was a fancy place and we would all dress up. Kim and Erica looked stunning in their dresses and heels. They had spent time on their hair and make-up. Their appearance brought back memories of the night the two goddesses and myself first used our new bed, although that night they were naked and tonight they were fully clothed. Either way, they looked stunning. I wore my best suit. 

Joe was waiting for us at the restaurant. He wore a big smile as we approached. Erica and Kim each gave Joe a greeting hug. Everyone appeared to be comfortable. There were no obvious signs of nervousness by anyone. 

The restaurant had taken our reservation and had a table waiting for us. We were promptly seated and Joe began the conversation. 

"Charlie has told me a lot about you two. I am so glad to meet you in person. You both are stunningly beautiful." Joe was lobbying hard to be in good with the girls. 

"I hope he hasn't told you EVERY thing." replied Kim is a suggestive voice. 

I was a bit concerned that the conversation was moving too quickly to a discussion about our sexual activities, but for now I stayed out of the conversation. 

"Is there more I should know?" asked Joe, obviously fishing for titillating information. 

Erica responded with a chuckle "Charlie told us you were somewhat a dog. Now you are hoping to learn more about our personal life, aren't you?" 

Joe held up his hands at shoulder level in a faux surrender gesture. "Who me?" he responded playfully. 

"I think we need to know more about you first." said Kim. "We already know where you went to school and where you work. Charlie told us all that. So, are you dating anyone?" 

I gave it to the girls, they were fending Joe off, while pressing with their own agenda. 

"Not seeing anyone right now." Joe responded. "I was dating a young lady named Lily, but she broke it off several weeks ago." 

"Why did she do that?" Kim asked. 

Joe paused a moment to decide how best to respond. "Honestly, she was a gold-digger. She didn't think I would ever make partner in the firm, and she wanted someone with more potential. She left me for a doctor. Two weeks later I was invited to become a partner in the firm. And that doctor had his license pulled for malpractice. She wanted me back, but I said no." 

Our waiter appeared to take our drink order and to tell us about the dinner specials. This brought a halt to the current discussion. After our waiter departed, our discussion moved to other topics. Everyone was having a good time. Personal stories were told by each as we learned more about each other. Jokes were told and we all laughed. Erica and Kim appeared very comfortable with Joe. And I could see that Joe relaxed into his normal self and was no longer campaigning to be accepted. 

Near the end of the evening, while we were enjoying after-dinner drinks, the ladies excused themselves to the ladies room. Joe slid back his chair and turned to me. 

"I'm really enjoying myself." Joe started "Thank you for inviting me. Erica and Kim are beautiful, fun, and smart young ladies." He paused a moment and then added. "If I may say so, your sister is really hot." A big smile spread across his face. 

"She is only a step-sister." I reminded him. "And yes, I think everyone is having a good time." I replied and left it at that. I was wondering about how the girls were really feeling about Joe. I knew we would be discussing things later when we got home. 

Kim and Erica returned after a long while. It assumed that they had quite a discussion, possibly a disagreement, judging by their body language. Kim gave me this odd look, a pleading look. I suspected that she was ready to take Joe home with us, but that was not our plan. There were three of us involved in this decision, and I intended to discuss the situation thoroughly. I shook my head. 

We wrapped up dinner, paid the check, and rose to leave. Both Kim and Erica gave Joe a hug and a kiss on the cheek. I noticed that Kim's hug and kiss lasted longer than those given by Erica. 

"Good night Joe. Thanks for joining us. I'll see you at work in the morning." I said as we broke up and headed our separate ways, Joe left in his own car and Kim and Erica rode home with me. The girls were talking in the back seat, but I couldn't really hear all they had to say. 

As soon as we were home and inside, Kim was the first to speak and got right to the point. 

"I think that Joe is a great guy. He does remind me of you." she said looking at me. "You both are handsome, intelligent, and real gentlemen. I think we should invite him over for some fun." 

Erica replied to Kim "I think you're mostly interested in seeing his cock. Used to be you only wanted my pussy, then you were happy with my pussy and Charlie's cock. Now you want more. You are becoming a real slut, aren't you?" 

I could tell from Erica's laugh and body language that she was teasing Kim more than being upset with her. 

"Aren't you also curious about Joe's cock?" retorted Kim. 

Erica playfully slapped Kim on the arm. "I'm not the one who wanted to bring him home tonight." 

I was feeling a bit dissed, but I really had no grounds to complain as it was my idea for the girls to meet Joe. 

"So you both like Joe? You think he is ok to be with?" I asked even though I already knew the answer. 

"Maybe he would like to join us Saturday for beer and pizza? answered Erica with a question that was more of a statement. 

"And porn!" exclaimed Kim. I could see where their thoughts were heading. 

"I'll talk to Joe tomorrow and invite him for pizza and beer on Saturday. We can take this one step at a time. After all, you've only just met him." 

"Well we didn't fuck him on our first date." said Erica matter-of-factly with a smirk on her face. 

"But maybe we will on our second date." added Kim playfully. 

"Maybe?" I asked in a sarcastic way which brought laughter from both girls. 

With that they each grabbed one of my arms and the three of us headed straight to our bedroom. Our 3-way sex that night was incredible again. It appeared that the thought of having another male join our love group was already raising the sexual heat. 

+++++ 

The next morning when I arrived at work, Joe was waiting for me. 

"Thanks again for inviting me to dinner last night, Charlie. I had a great time and it was a special treat to meet Kim and Erica. I know you must really enjoy having them around your house." 

I was sure that he had a special meaning behind the word 'enjoy'. I sat down at my desk and looked at Joe with a smile on my face. 

"They also had a great time. So much so that they asked me to invite you over for Saturday, if you aren't busy, for pizza and beer." 

Joe's face lit up at the prospect. "Nothing on my calendar. What time shall I come over?" Joe replied, then after a pause he asked "Shall I bring my toothbrush?" 

I laughed out loud at his remark. "Yea, sure, bring your toothbrush and maybe a change of clothes. Just don't be too obvious as the invitation is technically for beer and pizza only." 

Joe appeared so pleased that one would think I just made his day, or made his week. Heck, I probably just made his whole month. How often does a man get invited over for a night of sex with two beautiful women, even if he has to share them with me? 

"One more thing, Joe. I need for you to get tested, you know, for STDs." 

He paused and chuckled. "I'm ahead of you on that. Monday after you invited me to dinner for Tuesday, I went out at lunch and got tested. I know I am clean, but I figured you and the girls would want proof of that. I should have the results tomorrow, or no later than Friday." 

I sat back in my chair and smiled. I thought about how Joe was such a horny dog, assuming that dinner with the girls would lead to sex. Of course, he was probably right. I waved goodbye as he left. "Glad to hear that. See you Saturday at 6." 

+++++ 

Friday I found an envelope on my desk with just my name handwritten on the outside. Inside was Joe's test results. He was officially clean. 

That night I shared the results with Erica and Kim. They were very pleased. 

+++++ 

Saturday could not come quickly enough for any of us. Obviously Joe was very excited about the invitation to join us. I was sure that he was sure that he would be having sex with one, or likely both of the beautiful women that shared my home. I was very well aware that Kim and Erica were looking forward to having a second boy-toy to play with. 

Initially I had some mixed feelings about Saturday's activities. I had some possessive thoughts about sharing my girls with another male. But I knew they weren't mine. They had come into my home to share sex which we all freely gave and received. As Saturday approached and I saw how excited Kim and Erica were, I began to feel joy that I had initiated this encounter and I could take some of the credit for their pleasure. 

There was another issue that I kept in the back of my mind. Initially the girls had selected me to experience a real cock as I was emotionally safe. I was someone that neither of them would fall in love with, and therefore, I would not threaten their own relationship. In a way, they both fell in love with me, but we made sure that we all experienced our 3-way love in equal measures. I had some concern that adding a fourth to our fun, might upset the delicate balance of love we shared. 

It would definitely be a new experience for all of us. I knew that for Kim, Erica, and myself, our 3-some was the only group sex any of us had ever participated in. Joe had also confided in me that he had never had sex with more than one person in any given day. I wasn't surprised by learning that whatsoever. I also knew from his admission Tuesday at dinner that he hadn't had sex in weeks, and must be very horny. If the girls wanted a horny cock, they were likely to get one, or should I say two? 

Saturday afternoon finally came. We made sure the house was clean, there were clean sheets on the beds, and extra sheets handy if needed. The baths were full of clean towels. And the refrigerator had a large amount of cold beer and plenty of bottles of cold water. 

The calendar still said winter, but the weather had become more spring-like. I wore khaki slacks with a short sleeved shirt. Erica and Kim both wore breezy summer dresses. Based upon their eager anticipation for the evening events, I suspected that neither wore a bra or panties. 

Joe arrived just after 6 PM wearing slacks and an open collar shirt. Both girls welcomed him with a big hug and a kiss on the cheek. I am sure he felt their thinly covered breasts upon his own chest. I greeted him with a handshake and a smile. Joe was smiling like the Cheshire cat. 

Erica and Kim each took one of Joe's arms and led him over to the sofa in front of the TV. They sat with Joe in the middle, with a girl on each side. I grabbed four cold beers and handed them out to everyone. 

"Shall we order some pizza for dinner?" I asked and everyone nodded agreement. "Joe, we normally order two pizzas, one that is all the meats, and another that has meats and veggies. If those are OK with you, I'll just order the larger sizes." 

Joe nodded his agreement. I suspected he was not so interested in the pizza but our other activities for the evening. I called in the delivery order and was told our pizza would be here in 20 minutes. 

There was a moment of awkward silence as we sat, sipping our beers, and looking at each other. Kim made the first move. She stood up, moved over, and then sat back down, squeezing herself between Joe and Erica. Joe moved over to the spot she had just vacated on the end of the sofa. 

Kim wrapped herself around Erica and engaged her in a passionate kiss. After several moments, they broke the kiss and Kim looked back over her shoulder at Joe. 

"If it wasn't clear the other night at dinner, Erica and I have been lovers for several years. Regardless of what happens tonight, she and I will always be each other's number one." and Kim resumed kissing Erica. 

"See what I have to put up with?" I asked Joe in a sarcastically resigned manner. 

Joe looked at me quizzically, then asked "Is that all there is?" He appeared a bit perplexed, maybe even exasperated. 

Erica, Kim, and I all laughed. Kim slid off the sofa onto her knees on the floor and positioned herself between Erica's legs. As she flipped up the bottom of Erica's dress, it became clear that Erica was without panties. 

Kim said to Joe, "No silly boy, we also do a lot of this." Kim pressed her face into Erica's crotch and began licking her lover's pussy. 

I was getting aroused and could feel my cock begin to swell in my pants. I was trying to keep my cock under control as I would soon need to answer the door and pay for the pizzas. It was obvious that Joe was getting aroused as he kept shifting his position, and shifting his cock in his pants. 
