 Author's Notes: This story involves elements of incest (step-siblings), lesbianism, group sex, anal sex, double penetration, and exhibitionism/voyeurism. 

++++++ 

Life moved forward for us as we settled into a new weekly routine. Sunday through Friday, it was just Kim, Erica and me in our home, and in our bed. We continued our 3-some sexual activities three or four nights a week. And we continued the 1-on-1 couplings other nights which actually brought us even closer together as lovers. 

Joe was often a Saturday night addition to our sexual escapades. It was becoming clear that neither Kim nor Erica were falling in love with Joe. They just liked him as a second boy-toy for their sexual play. The Saturday Night Fucks, as we started to call them, often lasted well past midnight, and resumed early Sunday morning. For Erica, Kim and me, the rest of Sunday became a day of rest and our Sunday night activities became more gentle, more loving and less physical, which was fine with me. 

+++++ 

One recent Saturday Joe joined us for Pizza, Beer, & Porn. We were enjoying the food, the drink, and each other's company. The videos of 4-way sex we watched were particularly arousing. Soon we were all naked and somewhat playful. 

"We could make porn videos like these. Don't you think?" Erica asked no one specifically as she reached over to stroke Joe's cock. 

"Are you volunteering to be our cameraman?" Replied Kim. "You could record me taking both the guys. Wouldn't that be a blast?" 

"Several blasts!" I added in and everyone laughed. Their reaction to my poor joke indicated that everyone was well on the way to getting drunk. 

"I think we need to rehearse our roles." Erica stated as if we needed a reason to have sex. She grabbed my hand and led me towards the bedroom. Kim and Joe quickly followed us. 

Upon entering the bedroom, Erica turned, embraced me, and we kissed passionately. My hard cock was throbbing as it pressed against her stomach. I was certain she could feel that, and was pleased by my arousal. 

Kim came in and jumped onto the bed and quickly took her favorite position on her hands and knees. She wiggled her cute, curvy ass at Joe. Joe was more than willing to comply with her non-verbal request. He knelt on the bed between Kim's legs and spread her ass cheeks apart as he rammed his engorged cock into her very wet pussy. 

"Fuck Kim! Your pussy is so wet and hot tonight." Joe exclaimed as he pounded his meat into her. Kim liked her sex physical as did Joe. 

Erica broke away from me and joined Kim and Joe on the bed. Erica laid on her back at an angle to Kim, their heads close together so that Kim could lean down and kiss her long time lesbian lover. I could see that Erica snaked one hand under Kim and was likely fingering Kim's clit while Joe continued to fuck Kim's pussy. 

Erica spread her legs and raised her knees, exposing her own sweet honey pot towards me. I crawled between her legs and planted my face into her pussy and began to lick her wet folds of flesh. I always loved to eat Erica's succulent pussy, and doing so make me all the more aroused and horny. My oral activities didn't last long and I was soon kneeling between her legs. I took her legs and raised them up, placing them upon my shoulders. Lifting her ass off the bed, I was able to easily slide my throbbing cock into her. 

I was glad that we had bought a solid built, strong bed. With four of us on the bed, Joe pounding Kim and me fucking Erica, a lesser bed may not have survived. 

The sounds and odors of sex began to fill the room. Kim was very vocal and had to break her kisses with Erica as she was gasping for air. 

"Fuck me Joe! Fuck me harder!" Kim implored. 

Joe had a firm grasp of Kim's hips and grunted as he rammed his rod into her. Their sex always appeared so animalistic, and I never considered them lovers. In contrast, I felt that I always made love with Erica or with Kim. We were lovers, not just fucking animals. 

"Hey Charlie, let's switch." said Joe. 

I looked down at Erica for her reaction. She closed her eyes and nodded her head. It appeared that she wasn't thrilled by the change, but was willing. So I pulled out of Erica and lowered her legs to the bed. Likewise, Joe backed away from Kim's backside. 

"What the Fuck?" Exclaimed Kim. "I was so close to coming!" 

Joe and I quickly swapped places. It appeared that I had my work cut out for me to bring Kim to the orgasm she desired. As I slipped my cock into her waiting cunt, I reached around her hips with one hand and began to finger her clit. She quickly resumed her 'being fucked' mode of thrusting herself back onto my pole as I shoved it forward into her. She made sex a very physical experience. 

I could see that Joe lifted Erica's left leg over his right shoulder, causing her to twist sideways in a splits position as he began to fuck her. It was fairly obvious to me that he was totally engrossed in his own sexual satisfaction with little concern for his partner. I once again thought that bringing Joe into our bed was probably not the best idea that I'd had. 

Then I noticed that in the position he held her, her clit was somewhat exposed. 

"Hey Joe, If you rub her clit, she'll cum really hard." I suggested to him. I knew, and suspected that Joe knew, that when Erica has an orgasm, her vaginal muscles tighten around her lover's cock and squeezed really hard. For me, this always creates a tremendous orgasm of my own. 

As Joe held Eric's leg up on his shoulder with his right arm, he used his left hand to rub her clit. Erica closed her eyes and laid her head back as she enjoyed the sensations washing through her body. Using both her hands, she played with her own nipples, pulling and twisting them as Joe plowed into her pussy and roughly rubbed her clit. It appeared that she was going to enjoy this after all. 

We were all grunting, groaning, and saying 'fuck' a lot. I was beginning to sweat, as were the others. I was trying hard to take Kim to a great orgasm. I kept thrusting into her, harder and faster. I was pinching her clit between my thumb and finger. 

"Fuck! Fuck! FUCK!" Kim screamed. "I'm going to cum!" 

And she did at the same time that Joe erupted inside Erica. Joe threw back his head and screamed in a howl. 

I could feel Kim's vagina squeeze my cock as her whole body began to shudder uncontrollably. She was gasping for air and muttering things I couldn't hear clearly. I looked down at Erica and realized that she was watching me. Neither of us had an orgasm, only our partners Kim and Joe reached their climax. 

Joe pulled out of Erica and let her leg down. It appeared he was unaware, and possibly didn't care, that Erica had not been satisfied. He backed off the bed and headed to the bathroom. 

I pulled out of Kim and she collapsed onto the bed close to Erica. I managed to squeeze between them and wrap an arm around each. In the afterglow, I was alternating kissing between Kim and then Erica, enjoying both my lovers. 

Joe returned, took Kim by the hand, helped her off the bed, and the two of them left for the other bedroom. 

I snuggled with Erica, wrapping my arms around her, and kissing her gently. I really loved her, and she made doing that so easy. I also loved my sister Kim, but now the way I loved each was no longer the same. I was concerned, but if everyone else was happy, I too could be happy with this arrangement. 

My kisses with Erica became more passionate, and our hands roamed each other's body. She quickly found my still-hard cock. 

"You didn't cum, did you?" Erica asked in a whisper. 

"You're right. And I suspect you didn't cum either." I replied and she nodded her head to confirm my suspicions. 

"I think we definitely need to fix this problem." I said as I rolled over on top of Erica as she spread her legs open for me. My hard cock slipped inside her and I just held it there, feeling her warmth surround me. 

Erica and I made slow wondrous love for many long minutes. We kissed tenderly and stared into each other's eyes. I knew if it wasn't for her relationship to Kim, I would have asked Erica to marry me. I also knew that the more I loved Erica, the more we were straying away from my promise to love both Erica and Kim equally. 

As our love making continued, our arousal slowly grew together. Our kisses became more passionate. The sexual intercourse became more physical. And we climaxed together in a powerful, shared orgasm. 'Damn! I love the way her pussy squeezes my cock.' I thought. 

+++++ 

Sunday afternoon I was home alone. Joe had left that morning, after he and Kim had more sex. But I couldn't complain about him having more sex as I was doing the same with Erica. After lunch the girls left to do some shopping. I was watching a basketball game on TV, but mostly thinking about how our relationships were evolving. 

I felt confident that the love Erica, Kim and I shared was on solid footing. We all still strived to share our love equally between our two lovers, and to share the sex equally as well. However, I felt that Joe didn't really fit into our love group. To Erica and Kim Joe was just a boy-toy, a good fuck buddy. And I think Kim enjoyed him more than Erica did. 

I had another concern with Joe. It was obvious to all that when our group sex activities were over, Joe was always leading Kim to the guest bedroom, never Erica. We all knew that Joe and Kim liked hard, physical sex, more than Erica and I did. So in that way, it made sense for them to spend time together. But that was creating an imbalance in other relationships. I sensed that Erica was also concerned about this. I didn't really know how Kim felt about this. 

I considered raising this as a topic of discussion with Kim and Erica, but I wasn't ready to discuss this with them until I knew what changes, if any, I wanted for our relationships and our sexual activities. I decided to wait and bide my time. 

+++++ 

Later in the week Kim informed me that she had something special planned for Joe on Saturday, and that I was also involved. 

"I know that you and Joe keep some space between the two of you when we are all in bed having sex." Kim began. "But I really want the two of you to give me a DP." 

"OK, I think I can do that." I replied. We had discussed this possibility and she even had me take her anally as a practice. "Do you think Joe will agree?" 

"You know that he and I discuss our kinky desires. I have something planned to fulfill another of his kinks and he has agreed to fill this one of mine." 

I knew that Joe really enjoyed sex with Kim and would agree to fill her desires, however she wanted him to do so. Kim didn't tell me what Joe's other kinky desire was, but I figured I would learn about it on Saturday. 

Kim continued, "Erica and I have discussed having her video record my DP, maybe as a start to creating our own porn video collection. Are you OK with that?" 

I thought about having our sexual activities recorded and thought it might actually be very erotic. And in this case, Joe and I both would be occupied with Kim, leaving Erica out. It would give Erica something to do. 

"Yeah, that is fine with me." I answered her. 

+++++ 

Later Saturday afternoon Joe arrived at our home. The girls were in the bedroom, preparing for Kim's special plans. I led Joe into the kitchen, we each grabbed a cold beer, and began to talk, small talk about the work week being over and how much we enjoyed our weekend activities. 

Joe appeared nervous or unsure about something. I had been aware that he left work early the previous day, but I had no idea what that was about. He paused, took a long drink from his beer and became more serious. 

"Charlie, I have an announcement to make to everyone. But really want to wait until after our fun is over, if you know what I mean." 

I looked at Joe and realized that he did have something weighing on his mind. I placed my hand on his shoulder. 

"Joe, we've been friends a long time. You know I'll do whatever you want." I tried to be supportive, although I had no idea what he was going to announce. 

At that moment Erica and Kim came in from the bedroom. They were dressed as young schoolgirls, although not so innocently dressed. Joe and I both said "WOW!" 

From Joe's reaction, I immediately realized that this was Joe's other kinky desire that Kim was fulfilling with Erica's assistance. The girls both had their hair pulled into two pigtails, one on each side of their heads.. Neither wore any makeup. They wore matching outfits that included a white, cropped, tie-top that exposed their bare midriffs. It was obvious that neither was wearing a bra. 

They both wore matching pleated, plaid schoolgirl skirts, but these were extremely short, likely no more than 6 to 8 inches from the top of the waistband, pulled low on their hips, to the bottom of the hem. It only covered their private parts when they stood upright. And they wore white bobby socks with black patent leather shoes. 

I could feel my cock getting hard and I suspect their sexy appearance was having a similar affect on Joe. 

The girls grabbed fresh beers for everyone and we all moved over to the living area and took seats. Kim started a porn video she had found that featured two similarly attired females with two guys. As we watched the video, Kim and Erica acted out the parts, stripping Joe and I out of our clothes and then sucking our cocks to raging hard erections. While Joe and I sat, stroking our own cocks, the girls stood before us and began making out and eventually stripping off each other's clothes. I was right that neither wore a bra, and it was already obvious that neither of them wore panties. I thought Joe was about to grab one of them and take them right then and there. 

"This is fucking incredible!" Joe exclaimed. "Kim knows this is one of my fantasies. I am so fucking horny!" 

Joe and I were mostly watching the stimulating activities of the two girls. They are both so beautiful and sexy together. I also kept an eye on the video and noticed that the scene had moved to a bedroom and that the two guys were doing a pussy/ass double penetration on one of the females. I glanced at Joe and could tell that he was also watching this part of the video and his eyes were wide open, glued to the DP action. 

Kim reached out and grabbed me and Joe by our cocks, pulled us off our seats and lead us to the bedroom. Erica followed closely behind. She had a video camera in her hand and was already recording. 

Once in the bedroom, Kim backed Joe up to the bed and pushed him back onto it, his knees at the edge of the bed, his feet hanging down. Kim leaned over and took his cock into her mouth and gave him several licks and a quick sucking. Joe threw back his head onto the bed and began to moan. Kim then got onto the bed and straddled Joe. Holding his cock at the entrance to her pussy, she rubbed his cock-head over her wet pussy lips and then forcefully sat down on him, impaling her pussy with his cock. 

They both gasped. Then she began humping his cock. Apparently Joe was very horny. He was moaning and uttering all sorts of noises. This was raw, animalistic sex. No words were spoken, just grunts and groans. 

Kim leaned forward onto Joe's chest and began kissing him passionately. She reached her hands behind her back, grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them, exposing her puckered pink ass hole to me. 

I knew what she wanted. I could also see that she left condoms and lube handy, just for me to use. I quickly slipped on a condom and added some lube. I squirted some lube on Kim's rosebud and slipped a finger inside. Through the membrane inside her ass I could feel Joe's cock thrusting in and out of her vagina. I knew this would be so weird to feel his cock against my cock inside Kim, but I knew this was something she wanted, and something Joe had agreed to do. 

As I shoved a second finger inside her ass to loosen her up, I turned towards the video camera that Erica was operating. I smiled at her as she smiled back. 

"Are you ready?" I asked Kim as I returned my attentions to her. 

"Fuck. Fuck!" she muttered. "Do me! Fuck my ass Charlie while Joe fucks my cunt!" 

I didn't want to think about the fact that Joe and I would be such an intimate sexual situation together. We were each just doing our part to give Kim and very naughty and kinky experience. I knew she would be very tight as Joe's cock filled her from the other side, leaving less room for my cock in her ass. 

I pulled my fingers out, squirted more lube into her open rosebud, and positioned my cock to enter her. It appeared obvious that Joe was only thinking about his own cock in her pussy, and might be oblivious to me entering her ass. Likewise, Kim appeared to focused mostly on Joe fucking her. 

"Here goes!" I announced while shoving the head of my cock into her ass. 

Kim yelped at the intrusion, but kept focus on fucking Joe. She was so tight and it was so weird to feel Joe's cock still pumping inside her. I grabbed her hips for leverage and started pumping my cock in and out, trying to time my thrusts with Joe's thrusts. Very soon I had my cock fully inside her ass. Joe and I were indeed giving her a full pussy and ass double penetration. KIm was moaning loudly as two guys fucked her two holes. 

Erica moved around to our side to attempt to capture on video the two cocks filling Kim's holes. 

While Kim was my sister, and one of my lovers, I did not feel any loving emotions at this moment for Kim. This was just hot, raw, sex. We were all thrusting together, grunting and groaning. I realized that as I was on top, I had the most control. Joe was pinned on the bottom and really could not move other than to rock his hips. Kim was pinned in between, letting us take her as we wanted. 

I held her hips and shoved her back and forth upon both our cocks. This appeared to produce the maximum penetration and sensations for all of us. 

"Oh God!" exclaimed Joe between gasps for air. "This is fucking incredible!" 

"Fuck. Fuck! FUCK!" Kim kept screaming as Joe and I continued to fuck her front and back as hard as we could. 

Suddenly I could fee Joe stop. He screamed "I'M CUMMING!" 

Immediately Kim also let out a loud scream as her climax hit. "OH FUCKING GOD! OH FUCKING GOD!" 

The sensations on my cock changed as Joe's cock was pumping his semen into her womb while her muscles were clenching his cock and to some extent my cock as well. I could also feel Kim's body trembling all over as her orgasm ripped through her body. 

"Oh God that hurts!" I heard Kim say as she lay there on Joe's chest, still panting for air. I realized that as the sexual stimulation wore off, our two cocks filling her and stretching her holes, was beginning to become painful. I pulled my still hard cock out of her ass. I had not cum. 

I backed away and turned again towards Erica. She was still holding the camera, but her eyes were wide open in amazement. 

"You want to try this sometime?" I asked Erica with a sly grin on my face. 

She shook her head 'No' and looked embarrassed by the question. I suspected that the event was just so physical, and had such overwhelming sensations of sexual stimulation coupled with some amount of pain, that she could not envision doing that herself. 

I went into the bathroom, removed the condom and cleaned myself. When I returned to the bedroom, Kim had disengaged from Joe's cock and was cuddling next to him. Erica had left the room. I went to looking for her. 
