 This is my story of how college changed me forever, in ways I could never have anticipated before. My name is Priya and I was always your typical South Indian girl, with traditional parents and an even more traditional approach to boys and in particular, to sex. I had always thought I would find one nice decent guy and wait with him until our marriage day until we consummated our love for each other. Never in my wildest dreams in high school did I imagine myself turning into the slut I became when I went to college.

I had been excited to go to Sweden to pursue my undergraduate degree there, but I was instantly shocked by how different the culture was from back home. People would be making out with each other openly on the street, girls would hook up with random guys at parties, and I even saw one girl sucking a guys cock at a party I went to in my freshman week. Even though there was a part of me that was shocked by all of this behaviour, I found myself getting more and more turned on by it as the weeks went by. Seeing that girl guide that big black cock into her warm open mouth and letting him slide in and out of her moist juicy red lips made my pussy so wet, and I went home that evening and finger fucked myself silly, imagining a cock finding its home in my petite little mouth.

I was still pretty uncertain about all this though, but I eventually in my second or third month met a really sweet Indian guy and the two of us began dating. He was just my type and was from a really traditional background too and we got on so well with each other but I couldn't help feeling that he was less eager to explore sexually than I was. Once I had been kissing him, and dropped onto my knees and began to unzip his fly and he told me that this was wrong, and that we should wait. His cock was rock hard and as I massaged it through his pants I knew what he really wanted, but I couldn't believe that he wouldn't just go ahead and take it.

Just to clarify, I'm about 5 ft 8 and have cute 34c breasts and a slim frame, and an ass that has guys on the street back home literally drooling. I knew the effect my body had on men and I was so frustrated that my own boyfriend wasn't under my spell enough to just let me suck his cock and fuck him. Oh god I wanted to be fucked so badly, my pussy was dripping wet almost every day in college at this stage and I was just dying for a thick cock to pound my sweet little Indian pussy.

As my frustration grew, I found myself masturbating two or three times a day. Sometimes I wouldn't even be able to sit through a lecture without sliding my hand under my skirt and rubbing my clit until I gained some partial satisfaction at least. It was about this time that I began to turn to porn, after one of my Swedish girlfriends introduced it to me. When I would rush to the bathroom in college or when I would get home after along day I would instantly take out my phone or my laptop and find a video of a massive cock penetrating a tiny little wet pussy and my fingers would try and recreate the feeling I saw on screen but I was always desperate for the real thing.

I stated to go even more insane when I discovered double penetration. Seeing how slutty the teens I watched must feel having two cocks in their mouths, two cocks in their holes pumping in and out at the same time, and two cocks cumming all over their faces made me almost go out of my mind with lust as I wanted to be fucked senseless like this so much. I was so desperate to suck those cocks dry of that thick warm cum that I started to realise that I might have to look beyond my boyfriend for my sexual pleasure.

So a couple of days later, he and a couple of the guys from his football team were over at his apartment and I had asked if I could come along. The guys were just watching the football on the screen and having a few beers but I made sure that I attracted their attention away from the game. I wore an incredibly tight fitting pair of denim hot pants and a tight light blue tank top that was almost see through, and made sure the guys couldn't help but notice my curves. As I walked past the TV during the game my boyfriend told me that they were trying to watch the match, but I didn't hear the two Swedish guys complaining, and their eyes were fixated my sweet little Indian ass as I swayed past. I made sure to walk past s couple of times more during the game and each time I saw them getting more and more distracted from the game, and I even saw a bulge beginning to form in their track pants. The last time I walked past my boyfriend had just gone to the bathroom, and I made sure to drop a file I was carrying onto the ground. The guys couldn't believe their luck as I slowly bent myself over to pick it up and then looked seductively up at them from between my own long dark brown recently waxed legs. The guys could see too that I was just desperate to be fucked, as I licked my lips hungrily when my eyes saw just how thick the bulges in their pants had become. I was so desperate to guide those thick meaty cocks into my mouth and pussy that it was all I could do to stop myself finger fucking myself right there in front of them.

Just then I heard the toilet flush and the boys and I realized the show was over, so I stood up as my boyfriend walked into the room. What he said next, made me hornier than I have ever been in my whole life. 

"Priya, I'm just going to head to bed here as I'm exhausted, can you let Sven and Dave out when the game is finished?" 

I eagerly bobbed my head, trying so hard not to make it clear as day that all I wanted was the hot bodies of these two Swedish guys sandwiching my petite little Indian frame as they ripped me in two. 

When he disappeared inside, Sven and Dave didn't need any further invitation. They both had been fantasising about fucking me since they first met my boyfriend, Tariq, and had been masturbating every day to the thought of my tight little ass getting stretched by their cocks. 

The two boys walked over to me and I could almost feel my pussy throbbing, I was so turned on. I didn't want any of the romantic stuff, I just wanted to be treated like the complete little slut that I was. So as the two boys came on either side of me, I just got down on my haunches, and started to rub the shafts of their clocks through their pants, as all the while I looked up with an innocent smile into their eyes. I could barely grasp my hands around their girth through their pants, so I quickly slide both down in one movement and was astonished by what I saw.

Two nine inch long creamy white cocks popped out right in front of my eyes, and as my fingers wrapped themselves around their shafts, I couldn't believe my fantasy was actually becoming a reality. Daves was even thicker than Sven's so this was the one I slowly opened my mouth for. As my warm breath hovered over his cock he couldn't help but put his hands behind my head and guide my mouth onto it. As my tongue wrapped around it and I began to suck greedily, all the while pumping Sven's cock with my free hand, I though how much of a slut I must look like now and what an idiot my boyfriend was for missing out on this warm willing mouth. I loved the salty taste of it on my lips but I had to feel Sven's in my mouth too, and soon I was just sucking back and forth between the two cocks like they were candy I could slobber all over and never get enough of. 

After a few minutes of this bliss, I decided that I wanted to have my pussy eaten like a I had seen in all those pornos I had watched so I lay down on the couch and opened my long legs as wide as they could go and looked up at the two eager boys, as I started to rub little circles on my clit and moan in pleasure.

"You really just are a horny little slut aren't you?" said Sven, as he started to move towards the couch. I just nodded eagerly and readjusted my head on a pillow so Dave could fill my expectant mouth while my pussy was serviced by Sven. I already had my lips wrapped around Dave's cock by the time I felt Sven's tongue first make contact with my clit. As he lapped at my pussy, I grabbed his hair and shoved his face further into my open cunt, and I was rewarded with a frenetic flicking of his tongue on the nub of my clit. I moaned with pleasure as he started to slide his tongue into my gaping hole, but could barely even make a sound as Dave continued to pound my mouth with his meaty cock. I almost passed out with pleasure when Sven slid two fingers inside my sopping wet pussy and began to rhythmically bring me to orgasm. My body shuddered as I felt wave after wave of pleasure course through my body, his fingers were so much more powerful than my own! 

As I came back to reality, I felt Sven withdraw his fingers and stand up above me, his cock pressing against the dripping pussy his fingers had just left. I couldn't imagine how powerful than cock was going to feel inside of me, and braced myself as he started to slowly slide it inside me. 

"Holy fuck, this little slut is so tight!" Sven said, "You love wrapping that little pussy around bigger cocks than your boyfriends don't you?" 

I looked at him as he slowly began to spear me on the couch, and said "this slut needs to be fucked, please, fuck me! FUCK ME!!" 

Sven needed no further encouragement as he began to pound my eager little cunt over and over, as Dave increased the rhythm of his thrusts into my mouth. I was glad I had a mouth full of cock as otherwise I thought I'd wake Tariq for sure, but a part of me, the sluttiest part of me, wanted him to walk in and see what he'd been missing.

Sven suddenly pulled out and I felt empty inside. I desperately tried to pull him back inside me, as I needed a cock to fill my lonely pussy so badly! But Dave wanted to feel my sweet little Indian cunt wrapped around his cock too, so he sat down on the couch, and slowly lowered my pussy onto his cock. He began to bounce me up and down like the little slut that a I was, as Sven just watched the whore in front of him lose complete control of herself. 

"Harder!! Fuck me harder, it's not enough, I need more!" I screamed, not caring any more if my boyfriend walked in on us. I needed to feel a cock in my ass more than I wanted anything else in the world, and Dave did not need further encouragement to comply with my wishes. 

He lifted my petite little frame into the air and placed me slowly back onto his cock, but this time my ass was what was going to be filled. I had fantasised about my ass being reamed by a giant cock ever since watching those double penetration clips, and I had shoved dildo after dildo into it to prepare myself should the moment ever come when a real man would fuck me. 

I took a deep breath as he impaled me on his cock, and gasped with pleasure as he slid all the way inside me. Dave couldn't believe how sweet it felt to fuck this slut and began to thrust faster and faster as he got closer and closer to cumming inside me. 

"My pusssssssyyy, my pusssssssyyy" I managed to scream out between my moans and Sven understood exactly what I wanted. He couldn't believe that his friends girlfriend was such a whore that she needed two random guys inside of her to feel satisfied. He balanced himself on the couch, before mounting me like an animal, and fucking me like his life depended on it. The two cocks slamming into me in perfect piston like motion was too much for me after a few minutes, and an orgasm ripped through my body like nothing a I had ever experienced.

"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck, I'm cumming!!" I screamed at the top of my voice, as my body started to spasm in pleasure. "Cum in my mouth, pleeeeeeassse!!".

The two men were almost at climax themselves and hopped off the couch, as I sat on my knees between them like the submissive little slut that I was. "Don't you want to cum for me boys?" I teased, as I caressed their balls while they desperately wanted their cocks in the direction of my face. 

Just as they were about to cum, what I was hoping might happen actually took place. My boyfriend opened the door with an incredibly shocked and hurt look on his face, just as Dave began to shoot cum into my warm slutty mouth. I completely ignored my boyfriend, and started to guzzle his cum as I looked Dave lovingly in the eyes. I swallowed as much as I could before guiding his cock into my mouth and milking him completely dry, as he looked down at me in a state of ecstasy and disbelief.

I swivelled my hips in Sven's direction just as he exploded all over my face. As the cum splattered across my face I felt like the sexiest little bitch on the planet, as these two guys were worshipping me with their cocks and I was the Indian goddess who was giving them pleasure theyd never experienced before. As I swallowed the last of his cum, I took his cock in my mouth and squeezed the last drops of cum out of it, as I looked my boyfriend directly in the eye. I kept my gaze locked on his as I slowly moved my now expert mouth from cock to cock, licking my lips mischievously..

"See what you have been missing?" I seductively murmured, as I walked over to him and slowly lowered myself until my head was resting directly against his rock hard penis. I knew there would be no resistance this time as I opened the zip of his trousers, and as his cock popped out, I knew that I had a lot more pleasure ahead of me in the future.