 He walked into the garden wearing black trousers with numerous pockets and chains hanging down, slight stubble on his chin and a black shirt. He must have been so hot in those clothes. She scanned the crowd and observed the disapproving looks on the faces of the ladies in their floral dresses. So uptight and stuffy, they turned their noses up at him and returned to the conversation of the day.

Her heart pounded in her chest, her breath caught in her throat, she couldn’t take her eyes off him. Tugging on Gary’s arm, she leaned forward and whispered, “I want him.” He turned and watched as the stranger walked towards them. His blue eyes seemed to delve deep into her soul. He smiled, and her heart missed a beat. She felt Gary’s body heat rise, he liked him too. “Hey,” the stranger extended his hand, “I’m Michael.” She shook his hand, so firm. She felt her nipples harden at the thought of those hands caressing her breasts. “Hi Michael,” she could barely talk as he stood so close to her, “I’m Sarah, this is Gary.” “Hi, nice to meet you. It is so good to meet actual people at one of these things.”

Michael remained with them for the rest of the afternoon. They mingled and had meaningless conversations with fake people who turned and whispered to each other when they saw Michael.

By the evening, she was drunk on the scent of him. The heat of the day, coupled with his black clothing, made him sweat, a very masculine, sweet aroma. She squeezed Gary’s hand, looked into his eyes and gently kissed his lips. They smiled. She turned to Michael, “Come for a walk with me.” Her arm linked in his, they walked away from the party. They admired the rose garden, with its rainbow of colours. Stopped briefly to smell the frangipani tree, then continued on to the hedges. 

The hedges were about two metres tall, in a square shape. In the center was a small, cozy courtyard, lit with fairy lights. A small fountain was in the middle, with cement benches surrounding.

She led him to one bench and sat down. He sat so close to her, his thigh rested against hers. She could feel the excitement building in her stomach. They spoke about everything and nothing, just relishing in the closeness of their bodies. She turned to him, her face inches from his, breathing in his scent. Looking into his beautiful blue eyes, she received the confirmation she needed. Leaning forward, she pressed her lips lightly to his. He tasted so sweet. She felt his hand move over her thigh, resting just about her knee, his fingers moving under her skirt. She felt his lips open and edged her tongue out, into his mouth. She caressed his tongue with hers, moving closer to him, her hands moving over his legs, hips, and shoulders. 

They kissed each other hungrily, their tongues clashing in their mouths, her hands pulling him to her. For a brief moment they parted. The need in her eyes, reflected in his. She wanted him to take her, make her his.

She moved off the bench and knelt at his feet. Looking up at him, she moved her hands over his knees, pushing them apart to allow her to get closer. Her fingers dug into his muscular thighs as she worked her way up to the ever growing bulge in his pants. Her hands on his hips, her thumbs caressing his shaft through his pants, she rose up on her knees and captured his lips again, passionately, feverishly. He pulled her to him, a sense of urgency taking over them. She bit his lower lip, pulling away from him, taking his lip with her, one hand grabbing hold of his hard cock, squeezing.

“Oh God,” he whispered. She leant forward, her teeth latching onto his earlobe. “I want you so bad. I want you to fuck me hard.”

His eyes widened, but he didn’t miss a beat, lifting her back onto the seat. He pushed her back onto the bench, maneuvering her legs on either side. His hands again moved over her thighs, this time they didn’t stop at her skirt. She felt his fingers tap on her clothed pussy. A rush of electricity ran through her body, and she arched her back. He linked his fingers into her g-string and slowly pulled them down her legs, discarding them on a nearby bush. The fresh night air hit her wet pussy and she shivered. He leaned over her, his body heat radiating over hers. He brushed his lips over hers as his fingers caressed her slit. She drew in a sharp breath, spreading her legs wider for him. He lowered his head to her clothed breast, his lips sucking a nipple into his mouth. As she pushed her chest up to him, he plunged a finger into her soaking pussy. 

She groaned and closed her eyes, enjoying the sensations coursing through her body. Michael moaned against her breast and drove a second finger deeper into her pussy. She ground her hips down on him, making the palm of his hand press against her throbbing clit. Her hands moved to his belt and quickly dispensed with it. Her fingers expertly undid his trousers and dove inside. He moaned loudly and bit her breast as she grasped hold of his cock. She squeezed him tightly, moving her hand up and down his shaft.


A sound in the distance made her open her eyes. Gary stood next to one of the hedges. His clothes laid neatly at his feet, his cock in his hand, his eyes fixed on the scene before him. She smiled at him, pushing Michael’s pants down lower, to show his hard cock in her hand. Gary smiled. His grip tightened on his own shaft. She watched him, moving her hand in time with his, spreading her legs wider as Michael left one breast and moved to the other, his fingers deep inside her. Panting with the effort and excitement, she ran a hand through Michael’s hair, pulling his face up to hers. “I want to feel your tongue on my clit. I want to cum.” 

Without hesitation he moved down between her legs, his fingers still inside her, filling her up. She jumped as his wet tongue flickered across her clit. “Oh yes,” she breathed.

He began pumping his fingers in and out of her pussy, as his tongue played with her clit. She arched her back, forcing his fingers deeper into her. With her eyes closed, she didn’t notice Gary move over to them. She felt his familiar cock against her lips and eagerly opened her mouth to accommodate him. He pushed his cock into her mouth, moaning as the warmth engulfed him. She opened her eyes to watch him as she fed more of his shaft into her throat. Her tongue ran the length of him as she sucked him hard, on hand grabbing his balls, feeling them swell.

Michael raised his head for a moment and watched as Gary’s cock disappeared between her lips. He took a deep breath and returned to her pussy, removing his fingers and replacing them with his tongue.

“Put your fingers in her arse, she is ready to cum,” Gary panted.

Michael slid first one, the two fingers into her arse. Pushing them in deep, he sucked her clit into his mouth. She squirmed on his fingers, sucking Gary’s cock further into her mouth.

She felt her pussy contract as she exploded with her orgasm. Her arse grabbed Michael’s fingers as the orgasm racked through her body. She gasped for air, removing Gary’s cock from her mouth, holding his shaft and squeezing as her body shook. Michael continued to lick her pussy, lapping up her juices, till the sensations passed and she relaxed on the bench. 

Smiling up at both of them, she rose from the seat, onto her hands and knees. Her arse turned to Michael. Without hesitation, he grasped her hips and drove his throbbing hard cock between her arse cheeks. With little initial resistance, his cock slid deep into her tight hole. “Fuck me hard Michael. I want to feel you explode inside me.”

He began thrusting his hips back and forth, pulling his cock out of her, then driving the length of him back in. Her firm arse gripped him hard. She watched as Gary moved behind Michael, a sly grin on her face as she knew what was to come. Michael moaned as Gary parted his butt cheeks and placed a wet tongue on his anus. She wiggled her hips, increasing the friction on his shaft. Gary licked from Michael’s balls to his arse hole, feeling Michael shiver at the touch.

As Michael’s thrusts increased speed, Gary stood and positioned his cock at Michael’s opening, bending forward slightly to caress Michael’s balls. Gary could feel the tension building as Michael continued to pump his hard cock into her rigid arse. Without interrupting the rhythm, and in complete unison, Gary thrust his cock deep into Michael’s arse, as she pushed back onto his cock. She gripped him hard as his cock drove deeper into her, and felt his body shudder as his cum jetted into her. Gary pounded his own cock into Michael for a second time, shooting his hot cum into Michael’s arse. 

The three of them remained there, Sarah on all fours, Michael imbedded deep in her arse, still exploding cum into her, Gary stretching Michael’s butt, emptying himself into him. They didn’t notice the party guests gasping at the hedge, nor did they care.