 Prof. Chase and the Sword of Damocles

Part One- A Cunning Distraction

August 21-Cairo, Egypt

"They have the parchment of Osiris in a scroll case on the desk." Professor Jessica Chase exclaimed; the binoculars still to her eyes. I looked at my teacher and mentor and saw what a beautiful woman she was. Long tanned muscular legs ran up into a pair of denim short shorts that framed a large, perfectly symmetrical ass. Her black strapless t-shirt was tucked into her tiny waist but ballooned out, threatening to rip as it tried to contain her massive 42D chest. Auburn hair was tucked into her beige fedora which she called her 'Adventurer's hat'. The hot desert sun gave her a nice sheen of sweat. I saw her pink full lips smile wide as she watched the action from across the hotel's courtyard.

"Great. Now we just have to get in there. And how many guards this time?" I asked sardonically.

"Just three." She said cheerfully and I scowled. "C'mon, Jack. Where's your sense of adventure?" 

"I must have left in back in my dorm." I muttered. In truth, I had no idea I needed one when I enrolled in Professor Chase's Archeology class so long ago. I had been an art major, but one class with this passionate professor and I began signing up for another and another until I finally changed my major and became her teaching assistant. And it's still a long way from teaching assistant to stealing priceless artifacts from Egyptian arms dealers a thousand miles from home.

"Listen, I'll distract the guards. You come in through the balcony doors and grab the scroll case." She said before opening the door and taking off down the hall. I walked around the length of the hotel until I came to their hallway. Finding a chambermaid cleaning a room a few doors down, I snuck into the room, past the girl and headed out onto the balcony. Ten stories below me, the hotel's luscious pool area looked like a swatch of blue amidst a sea of yellow umbrellas and hard, hard concrete. I gulped as I stepped over the guard rail and hopped to the next. I was so nervous about the height that I never considered how exactly Jessica would distract the guards. 

Eventually, I made my way to the open doorway of the arms dealer's room. Inside I hear loud sitar music playing and I peeked through the silk curtains. It was a large suite with a single four-poster king-sized bed sitting tall in the center. An overstuffed couch was nearest me and it looked as though they added a few crates to the room. No doubt full of illegal merchandise. I caught sight of the professor in the doorway saying something in Egyptian. 

They let her in and she began swaying to the music. I slipped into the room unnoticed and hid behind the couch. I peered around the side. It would take her diverting their attention in several directions if I wanted to cross the room and get the case. She danced deeper into the room and the guys all laughed and made half-hearted attempts to dance with her. She made light tugs on her clothing, giving little glimpses of skin as she untucked her shirt. I thought of ways I could aid her if things began to get hairy but then I heard a zipper and almost sat upright.

One of the guards had pulled his dick from his pants and was dancing with his hard-on dangling in the wind. Jessica, however, kept smiling and dancing, as he stroked his member for her. More zippers went down and all three now had dark Arabian erections pointed at my teacher. The smallest guy looked to be about six inches while the largest was no more then eight. I wondered if I should charge in to save her honor when I saw her reach down and take the first lucky bastard's cock in her hands. She slipped her hand back and forth over the foreskin, all the while smiling and saying something I couldn't understand. She move to the next guy and helped him pull his pud for awhile. Then she reached for the last man and jerked two dicks at once. Something was said by the first man and Jessica dropped to her knees and kissed the head of his dick!

I crawled over to behind a crate for more of a better angle then anything else. She licked and played with his shaft before taking the whole thing in her eager little mouth. The guy sighed and the two others just patiently rubbed their dicks. Hands were at her t-shirt and she made no protest as it came off; her large breasts with their dark half-dollar nipples flopping out. I noticed my own dick stirring and had to adjust my position without giving away my position. Any noise by me and we would both be shot...me first, then her after the rape. But Jessica looked willing as she moved to the next man's schlong. The men began getting undress and Jessica took the third guy to her mouth. Now she had two cocks in her mouth at once but no one seemed to mind. 

She rose at their command and stepped out of her shorts. I caught the faintest tuft of brown hair between her legs before she bent over, tits pressed into the bed and the guy with the smallest dick pressed into her from behind. She moaned as his dark ass began pumping back and forth into hers. She reached out and took a cock in each hand. I moved to behind the desk and waited for an opportunity to grab the case. Her face contorted into a mask of pleasure and I could tell she was cumming. She cried out and the man behind her looked pleased as her breathing turned to pants and she squeezed hard on the two men. One of the men got up on the bed and lay with his head on the pillows. As soon as Jessica calmed down, she crawled over his body. Her large tits swung as she straddled him.

At first, she rose up and sat down on his vertical cock. I could see her back arch as she impaled herself and those glorious boobs were thrust out. Then the next guard got up on the bed and she bent down low to take him in her mouth. Those muscular legs she got from jogging the length of the campus every morning went taunt and her ass became a huge smooth target for the third guy as he climbed into bed and positioned his wand at her pink juicy asshole. I took this chance to reach up and grab the case, but in reality I could have walked across the room for it while whistling dixie. No one would have cared. 

As the last guard sunk his six inches into her tight asshole, she made a low guttural sound. I crawled all the way back to the couch with no trouble at all. The three of them got into a rhythm and began shaking the bed violently. Jessica, for her part, was bouncing up and down while thrusting that delicious ass back and forth. Seven inches of man-meat was being shoved into her anxious mouth and she slobbered saliva all over it's shaft. She tried playing with the man's balls but had to grip the sheets and hold on as the men fucked all three of her orifices. She opened her mouth and groaned as another orgasm took hold of her, but that didn't stop blowjob boy from ramming his schlong down her throat again and again.

Finally, the man in her ass cried out to whatever God he believed in and popped out of her ass. Sticky cum squirted all over her crack. Next was the man in her mouth. He pulled out and thick hot streams of cum blasted her nose, chin and pink lips. He seemed to cum for at least ten to twelve seconds and all of it in powerful bursts. Her open mouth got what it could but she was being fucked too hard to stay in one place and ended up with cum all over her face. With only one guy left, Jessica seemed to ride him harder then ever. It didn't take long after that for the last guard to cry out and, lifting his hips so high she almost feel off the bed, came deep inside her pussy. I myself was nearing release without even touching myself. Two guys helped her down off the bed, dripping wet with sweat and cum. They were all laughing and turned away from me, so I turned to leave as well.

A scream in Egyptian told me I had been caught. I turned to see the naked trio scrambling for the crates. Jessica scooped up her clothes and was out the door in a flash. I stepped out onto the balcony and over one guard rail and barely cleared the next. I heard gunfire and looked up to see a naked and pissed Egyptian arms dealer pointing a semi-automatic rifle at me. I said a prayer, tucked the case into my waistband with my hard-on and leapt off the balcony.

I hit the pool so hard I was at the bottom before I thought to take a deep breath. I swam hard for the surface. Convinced I had not broken anything, I leapt from the pool and ran soaking wet through the hotel lobby. A young valet was just getting into a late model sedan when I grabbed him from behind and jumped into the car instead. Hitting the gas, I tore off down the street and turned to get to the back of the hotel. "If anything goes wrong..." Jessica had told me and I thought now would certainly qualify. As if on cue, Professor Chase came bursting from the back fire doors, clothes still in hand and covered in cum. She hopped in the back and I tore off.

"Where to, ma'am?" I turned around and asked. She was trying to straighten her shorts out. Cum seeped from her pussy onto the leather interior.

"Cairo airport. You get the scroll?" She asked and I took the case out of my pants and handed it to her. 

"Looks like we all got what we wanted" She smiled, thick white cum still covering her lips.

"Yup," I laughed. "I guess we did."