 My name is Professor Titts. 

It's actually Belinda Iris Gladys Titts. My wonderful parents were only going for one child and thought they had to fit both of my grandmothers' name in somewhere. They also clearly didn't think about the good old Aussie make-it-as-short-as-possible nick name tradition when they put that mess of names together. As a result of their lack of forethought and cultural understanding, I spent most of my teenage years called B.I.G. Titts.

Thanks, Mum and Dad.

But, you know, I get a bit of thrill when I see my name as the author on articles - Professor B.I.G. Titts - and think it looks great on a reference list in APA 6th - Titts, B.I.G. (2014) - I'm also quite found of being quoted - "... as argued by Titts (2014)". Sometimes a few years of suffering in high school are all made up in the end.

In my experience, not many people really know what it's like to be an academic. There are lots of stereotypes about academics and professors, lots of canning of academics, and lots of sexual fantasies about that whole professor power play thing. To be honest, until I became an academic and experienced the reality of it, I had no idea either. I had no idea how much I would have to work my ass off for this job (sometimes quite literally), or how much I would love it. That's not to say that all professors are the same as me, but let's just keep an open mind about where the term procrast-urbation came from; it's not a coincidence that Professors have been "working from home" long before it became popular in the general workforce.

As all academic careers go, my entry into it was not auspicious. I did a PhD. Then I got a tenured position. I'm not some whizzy, overbrained, absent minded woman with savant-like characteristics. I didn't sleep my way to the top. I did suck a lot of cock, and other bits and pieces, but that was rarely strategic and I like to think it was something I would have done regardless. No, I simply worked hard, had a bit of luck, and pushed through the tough times.

The field I work in is education: because there is nothing more important than education in our society and we should support or teachers for the wonderful, passionate people that they are. I teach in this area and I research about this area.

So, other than having an awesome name, what am I like? To start with, people are often surprised how young I am. In a faculty with the average age of 55, I do a lot to bring the average down. And let's say that I'm a (an 18+) school boy's, and the occasional school girl's, wet dream. Imagine the sexiest female teacher you ever had, dress them up in sexy professor gear- pencil line skirts, stockings, heels, sheer blouses, glasses (just for show) and long hair pinned up- then you have me.

So, today I got myself into a spot of trouble.

My class started off well. I was teaching about the history of education, walking around the lecture room, as I always do. Most of the time I find it quite gratifying to see the occasional blank stare of some students as they pay more attention to my ass then they do my words. But today was different. It wasn't just the odd one or two students not paying attention, but nearly the whole class. The students were not responding to my lecture in their usual riveted way, scribbling down everything I said, instead, they were all staring at me. Granted, I was sporting my sexy teacher look, and my ass did look particularly spectacular. But they just weren't they writing notes- and that just wasn't normal.

I started to feel self conscious, sure that I must have some clothing faux par. Trying to be subtle, difficult, given that I was standing in front of 100 people, I checked for wardrobe malfunctions.

I ran my hands down the centre of my top, it wasn't a missing button. I cupped my breasts; my nipples were a bit erect, but not too bad and I didn't think it would be that. I smoothed my hands down over my hips and back up over my ass but I couldn't feel anything out of the ordinary. Taking the hem of my skirt, I checked to make sure it wasn't tucked into my knickers, pulling it out then dropping the material back against my legs. Still talking, I leaned over and ran my hands up one leg then the other to check for runs in my stockings.

Still having found nothing wrong with my clothes, but with more students than ever staring raptly at me, blank eyed, I realised that it must have been my hair that was out of place. Reaching my arms up above my head, which did unfortunately raise my skirt higher up my thighs and showed a little slip of my stomach at the hem of my shirt as well as push my breasts out, I unclipped my hair and let the waves of it tumble down. Shaking it out with my hand, I finished class asking,

'Any questions? Clarifications? '

The room was silent, with the exception of the three boys up the back, whispering to each other. The typical 'Naughty Boys' - every teacher has at least one in every class. I was blessed with three - oversized, overmuscled, and more interested in playing sport than listening to me.

My confidence stung by the students' lack of engagement with my lecture, along with feeling discombobulated about whatever it was they were starting at, I'd had enough.

'Okay, well you can all go now, don't forget assessment 1 is due on Thursday. Liam, Ethan and Brad can you please hang back, I need to speak with you.'

All the students headed out, most of the boss and some of the girls casting me sideways looks. Liam, Ethan, and Brad came and stood in front of me as the lecture room door swung shut behind the last student.

'I have asked you to stay back because, once again, you've been talking, not paying attention in my classes. I'm really sick of it and feel that this is really disrespectful.'

I left the admonishment hanging, waiting for their contrite looks and promises to not do it again. Instead, they each took a step closer to me, forcing me to look up at them. They really were very tall. And muscular.

Feeling a little spooked, I try to step back and regain control, only to realise that my back is almost against the wall. Liam, casually leaning on the wall to my left, looking down at me, speaks,

'Oh, we've been paying attention, Professor Titts - special attention; to every move you make.'

Inside I gulp, realising that I may have inadvertently backed myself into a spot of trouble. On the outside, I put on my fighting face - big smile, eyes wide, flutter my eyelashes up at them. It tends to work well in the academic world, if you can convince your adversaries to underestimate you.

'Really...?' I say. 'Prove it.'

The metaphorical gauntlet hangs in the air for a few long seconds. I stand straight, ready to own the situation and walk out with my head held high. Unfortunately the three boys hogging the space around me means that I'd have to make some awkward maneuvers, brushing up against them with my breasts, just to get past. I decide to stay put, for now.

Breathing in deeply, stretching the buttons on my sheer blouse, I eyeball them.

"What were you laughing about while I was talking? "

All three pairs of eyes zero in on my breasts. Without any control over them at all, my nipples stand up straight, straining against their confines. Attention-whores.

To my right, Ethan leans in, head down - I get the vague sense that he just sniffed my hair - asks whether it's really necessary for them to spell it out, seeing that I chose to wear a see through top.

On my left, Brad leans against the wall, facing me, chest rubbing against my arm. His eyes haven't left my breasts.

In front of me Liam looms, staring me deep in the eyes, commanding, until I'm too afraid to look away. Without breaking his gaze, he bends down until his mouth is level with my left nipple, runs his tongue over his bottom lip, and places his mouth over the tip, suckling through the material of my top.

I gasp from the jolt of pleasure it gives me as he sucks hard against my breast, gently nipping at the tip with his teeth. As his tongue moves, he makes the material around my nipple wet and see through. Shifting to my right nipple to give it the same treatment, Brad moves in and runs the back of his fingers over the curve of my breast stopping to pinch my nipple hard.

The pain shoots through me and I try to pull away from the mouth and fingers touching me. Ethan takes the opportunity to move from smelling my neck to reaching a hand up and grabbing a fistfull of my hair, holding me still. He turns my head to the side and lowers his lips to mine, nipping gently before plunging his tongue deeply into my mouth. Unable to think clearly, I submit with a whimper as his tongue strokes against mine.

Liam, having thoroughly sucked and bitten at my nipples through my top, stands back to admire his handiwork. Breaking the kiss with Ethan, I look down and can see that there is a big wet see-through patch over my breasts, with my dark nipples and areola shining through.

Brad's fingers have moved over to my buttons and started to pop them undone, excitingly slowly. All four of us have our gazes transfixed as my skin, the swollen mounds of my breasts, are unveiled. The material of my shirt parting with each button undone.

Getting to the last one, Brad pulls one side away from my front, while Ethan slipps the other side away. Breasts now completely and unhindered bare to their view, I smile smugly and somewhat privately, at their groans of appreciation.

My breasts are kind of wonderful.

Brad's hand rests on my stomach, gently pressing me back, while Ethan licks along my neck and down the curve of my breast, nipping hard on my nipple, making me gasp. Liam, on his knees in front of me now, slides my skirt up, higher and higher. Reaching the top of my thigh high stockings, he kisses the skin of my now bared thighs, tickling a wet trail up the elastic of my garters until he reaches my bare, smooth and uncovered pussy.

With Ethan holding me steady, Brad lifts and holds up my left leg to the side, exposing my pussy to Liam. Continuing the trail with his tongue, he slides the tip of it over my bald mound until he reaches my swollen clit. Starting slowly, he circles the bud with barely any pressure. He continues with increasing pressure each time he circles it, before suctioning his lips around it and drawing hard.

I moan loudly at the delightfully sensitive pain of this action, my whimpers becoming louder as Ethan's hand slides over my bottom and he slips two fingers into my cunt from behind. The moisture pooling there allows him to slide his fingers deep inside me, with a pleasantly wet sound. Brad's fingers soon join Ethan's, stretching and filling my very wet cunt. Sliding their fingers in and out of me in tandem while Liam sucks harder on my clit, l quickly come undone, the walls of my cunt squeezing tight around their fingers as I cum hard, gushing onto his face .

Unable to stand because of shaky legs, l allow Brad to lead me over to the closest desk. Kissing me deeply, he pushes me back so that l am sitting on the edge of it, his hips nestled between my thighs. Distracted by his kisses, I don't register Liam and Ethan's hold on my thighs until they are spread wide. Holding me open, I watch as Brad pulls his cock out of his shorts and strokes it slowly while examining me. He runs the head of his cock along my pussy lips, spreading my creamy moisture before pushing deeply inside me. It feels torturously slow, as I squirm with the fullness of his cock.

Starting slowly, he builds up speed. My legs are held open while Liam and Ethan, having divested their clothing, stroke their cocks while watching Brad's cock tunnel in and out of me. Liam slides his hand down my thigh until his fingers are millimeters from my swollen clit and pussy lips. With each thrust he flicks it with the tip of his finger, the slight flare of pain causing my pussy to clench around Brad's cock. Groaning, Brad rams his cock deep inside me as he cums.

Sliding out of me, his cum dripping out of my pussy, he trades places with Ethan. Ethan, super hard already, doesn't take anything slowly. Forcing his thick cock into me, he wraps his arms around my thighs and fucks my pussy with a take-no-prisoners vengeance. His balls slap against my ass as he drives his cock in and out of me. Brad pinches my clit, making my pussy clench harder around Ethan, my cunt rippling as I resist the urge to cum. Liam pulls me down so I am now lying and, as I gasp at the pummeling pace of Ethan, slides his cock between my lips. My tongue reacts automatically, licking over his head, tasting his precum. The distraction of his cock in my mouth helps me to pull back from the edge of cumming. Ethan slams into me one last time and empties his cum into my already full cunt. 

Turning my head to the side, Liam drives his cock between my lips pumping into my throat. Choking around his cock, I am relieved when he cums quickly. He pulls his cock out of my mouth, his cum dribbling down my cheek. The three boys stand back, looking at me as I lie on the table exhausted and messy. Taking a tissue out of his pocket, Ethan wipes the cum of my face as Brad uses my panties to dry the cum of my thighs. Pushing them into my pussy, plugging the cum inside me, he smirks. 

"Don't worry, Professor Titts, we'll pay better attention in class from now on".

Helping me stand, Liam leans in to give me a gentle kiss on the lips. Helping me readjust my skirt, he steps aside to let Ethan and then Brad also nibble at my lips, before they gather their books and walk out of the room. 

Finally, I am all alone in my classroom, somewhat unsure about what exactly had transpired.