 The whole mess started when a teacher's assistant accidentally mixed-up the wrong invitation letter.

Professor Keeley went to her office after teaching her last Literature course for the day. She was dressed nicely since the university choir would be performing in a few hours, and she was the assistant vocal coach. It had been a passion of hers since she had been singing all her life. Besides, most of the choir girls were in the sorority, and Professor Keeley had been initiated into that same sorority a mere 10 years earlier. 

The sorority had done so much for her social life and this was her way of giving back to the chapter. 

Once she made the stop inside her office, she noticed a sparkly purple envelope on her desk with the official markings of the sorority chapter. It was no surprise. Her student-assistant was also a sorority girl and a member of the choir. Knowing the girls, this was most likely an invitation for an afterparty or future event. Possibly even a 'thank you' note. How gracious of them.

She sat down behind her desk and peeled open the sparkly envelope. Her name had been written on it with glittering letters, a lovely gesture which made her smile.

The professor opened the invitation envelope:

OUR NAUGHTY SECRET

Dear Sister,

A potentially new tradition is upon us. A fellow sister has made the risque suggestion of establishing a bold new relationship with our fraternity brothers. Enough with the petty games and careless pranks. Now it's time to make peace.

What better way than sucking cock?

We've decided the festivities will commence on neutral territory; backstage before the choir event. You read correctly, the activities will be held backstage, secretly, before the show begins. Doesn't that make your pussy drip just thinking about it?

Don't worry. Frat guys won't know your identity. It'll be secret. Think of it as a gloryhole with curtains. All of the fraternity members are FORBIDDEN from opening the curtains to see who's sucking their cock.

I know that a few of our members have expressed concern over the explicit nature of this event. Believe me, your concerns are fully understood. However, establishing peace with the Fraternity is a high priority and NONE of our members will be forced to participate.

5 pm sharp. It's all for the best.

Love, 

You know who...

: ) 

The wrong envelope! 

Professor Keeley's jaw dropped and she was in a state of absolute shock. The choir girls? The sorority? How could they? They were such sweet and innocent girls. They'd never done anything wrong. They never even used curse words. In fact, they were the most well-mannered girls she had ever met, which was sort of an exaggeration, but nevertheless that was how she felt.

Worse, whoever wrote the invitation KNEW that other girls were uncomfortable with the idea of having casual sexual encounters in front of others, as they should be, she thought. Oh god, the thought of it made her stomach turn.

She snapped out of the horrific trance when Larissa, a scrawny girl with thick framed glasses, slowly crept back into the office. She was holding a letter in her hand. Judging by the stunned look on Larissa's face, she knew full well that she had made a critical error.

"Please tell me you didn't read that," Larissa said with a defeated, high pitch tone.

The professor sighed. "Larissa, please have a seat next to me."

The scrawny student hung her shoulders and chin down in defeat and dragged her feet over to the professor's desk. The TA sat by the professor.

"What's going on?" Professor Keeley asked, holding up the invitation letter. "Is this real?"

Larissa slowly nodded. "I'm so sorry. I'm such a dork. I gave you the wrong invitation by mistake."

"So this is something that's actually going to happen today? Before the show?"

Larissa burst into tears and put her hands on her face. "I'm so sorry!!!"

They were legitimate tears too. The professor reached over and rubbed her TA's back to soothe her. It worked and the sorority girl eventually calmed down.

"It was such a crazy day," Larissa mumbled when the tears stopped. "Orders were constantly changing and it was chaos. The invitations were sent out at the last minute and I screwed up royally."

As much as Professor Keeley wanted to console the girl, there were more pressing matters at the moment. So she continued rubbing the student's back, but it was time to ask the tough questions.

"Please tell me what this is all about. Is this...something you've done before with the sorority?"

Professor Keeley felt herself tensing after asking the question. She was afraid of hearing the answer. And judging by Larissa's reaction, their conversation was about to get a lot more awkward.

"No..." Larissa finally said, wiping away a tear. "Well, yes, kind of. It's a long story. I'm not even supposed to tell you this."

"Don't forget. I'm also a sorority girl. I pledged a decade ago. So whatever sorority secrets you have, I'm entitled to hear them, and they'll always be safe with me."

Larissa sniffled. "Swear you won't tell?"

"Like I said, we're both sisters."

"We've done stuff like this before," Larissa began. "Not everyone, I mean. But some girls have really gone all-out in terms of exploring their sexuality. Even in the sorority house."

Professor Keeley had heard these stories from others, but figured they were either rumors or way overblown. God, how times have changed. Back when she was a sorority sister on campus, things were much more innocent. Obviously there was still sex involved. She had lost her virginity in college to an ex-boyfriend who taught her the joys of sex. But this? This was crazy, at least by her standards.

"Like what?" Professor Keeley asked, afraid of hearing the answer.

"You know...stuff."

"Like?"

Larissa gulped. "Some of the girls, you know, go down on each other. Sometimes privately. Sometimes publicly. And sometimes there'd be guys over. And they'd do other...stuff."

"Like?"

"Oral sex. In front of everyone."

Professor Keeley leaned back. "Oh goodness."

"I know. Crazy, right?"

"And they're seriously going to do that backstage before the choir event?"

Larissa nodded. "That's the plan."

"Why?"

"Because a lot of the girls think the idea is super hot. They get a huge rush out of it. Obviously the fraternity guys in the choir think the idea is super hot too."

"But they'll get caught. And when they do, they'll possibly be thrown out of school."

Larissa shook her head. "Trust me, these people are sneaky. They've done similar stuff before, too."

"Really? When?"

"During the last choir event. Many of the girls repositioned the curtains for privacy and formed a Daisy Chain in preparation for the performance."

"A what?"

Larissa blushed. "You don't want to know, but a Daisy Chain, in this instance, is when the girls formed a line, got on all fours, and put their heads up each other's gowns. Then, you know, lots of oral. It's a good vocal warm up, so they say."

A gasp escaped the professor's lips. Had this really happened? She was there during the last performance. She was backstage too, giving the girls a pep talk. Had this been the reason why the girls were giggling and so upbeat? And when she was sitting in the front row watching the girls perform, had this been the reason why their lips appeared to be... No, she couldn't bear to think about it.

She pushed those thoughts away from her mind. She couldn't think of the choir girls like that. 

"Is everybody in the choir involved in this?" she asked, fearing the worst.

"No. Only the sorority and fraternity people know."

At the very least, the professor had the comfort of knowing that not all of the singers were involved in such debauchery. There were about 30 members of the group. And about half of them were involved in a sorority or fraternity. But there were other questions...

"Dare I ask, have you participated in... whatever you're alleging happened backstage?"

Larissa blushed and tried to hide a smile. "Kind of. I guess."

"Oh goodness."

"Please don't be mad at us, professor. We're young and impressionable girls. We don't know any better."

"Is that a serious excuse?" Professor Keeley asked incredulously.

"No, but... but... all I'm saying is don't be mad at us. I'm so sorry I gave you the wrong note by accident."

The teacher calmed down. "Don't be sorry. But I'll have to put an end to this."

"What!?" Larissa's eyes widened. "You can't!"

"Why not?"

"Because they'll know I screwed up the invitations. And because we can't put an end to this. It's very important."

"I don't understand," Professor Keeley said, shaking her head. "This sounds like nothing more than a perverted sex gathering. A totally inappropriate one backstage before a show, I might add."

"It's explained in the invitation. There's been a devastating prank war going on the past few years between the sorority and fraternity. I'm talking about cruel, yet hilarious pranks. But it's gone too far, unfortunately. And it all ends tonight with the peace deal we'll strike."

The professor shrugged. "You're right about this ending tonight. Larissa, as a teacher and vocal coach for the choir, I owe a duty to ensure that such careless practices don't occur under our watch. I simply cannot allow this to happen."

"Wait! Just let it happen this once!" Larissa pleaded.

"And why should I? It's insanely inappropriate. You should understand that."

"I do. Of course I do. But, but, I'll get booted from the sorority if everyone knew I goofed up your invitation and ruined our secret. Don't forget, it'll stop the prank war. I know that the fraternity has big, nasty plans for us. If we don't end this, the feud will continue. I'm begging you professor, please..."

If the professor had a weakness, she was a softy inside. She always had a weak spot for her students and shielding them from trouble, as administrators would often hand out strict punishment to students. Worse, she was always very protective of her girls in the sorority and choir. 

Larissa sensed a changing mood and added, "I swear, just this once. Then after that I'll beg the girls to do this at a different location next time. Maybe we'll do this at the sorority house in the future, so no one will ever know."

There was another long pause between them.

"I'm horrible," the professor exhaled deeply. "I don't know if I could ever forgive myself for this."

"So you'll keep this a secret?" Larissa asked, cautiously raising an eyebrow.

"I can't believe I'm saying this, but just this once. And ONLY this once. I better not hear about this happening backstage ever again. Or else I'll take this directly to the Dean. Are we clear?"

"You're a lifesaver!" Larissa smiled, then breathing a sigh of relief. 

The student got up and threw her arms around the teacher, even giving her a quick kiss on the cheek.

"You should be getting ready for the performance now," the teacher said. "The show is starting in a few hours."

Larissa was now enthused and excited. "I know, I know. I have a few more errands to run before I can get dressed and start my 'vocal warm-ups'," she said with a nod. "I'll see you then!"

The student said 'bye' again before Professor Keeley could fully process the situation and give more meaningful advice. When the student left, the professor instantly felt a powerful wave of regret.

Obviously the teacher loved sex as much as the next woman, but this was clearly way out of hand. In her day, doing something naughty in the sorority house meant sneaking a guy into your bedroom before curfew. Even then there was shame and teasing from the other sisters. Now that sort of thing would be considered tame by today's sorority standards, apparently.

Every moral fiber in her body was turning against her. How could she allow this? Why did she just allow this to happen? Her silence was effectively sanctioning this whole ordeal.

All sorts of lewd thoughts went through Keeley's mind as she sat there in disbelief. She imagined the sorority girls on their knees giving oral sex. Possibly even wearing their gowns. She didn't know who'd be doing it, so her mind pictured all of them doing it. 

Even more unfathomable, they'd be backstage before the all-important choir performance. The Dean would be there along with a few members of the Board. It would be sacrilegious for anyone who cares about the sanctity of the academic institution.

But most of all, it was killing her knowing that some of the girls may be pressured into performing deviant sex acts backstage. It was such a heartbreaking thought to her. Allowing this would mean that she would be standing idly by while some of the girls she mentored would be subjected to that sort of sexual humiliation.

No, she couldn't allow it. She had to break her promise to Larissa. It was as simple as that.

The professor marched out of her office and headed straight to the performance area. It was time to put an end to this.

***

It was 4 pm and the debauchery was an hour away. Plenty of time to stop this madness.

She headed over to the Arts Center and went backstage of the auditorium. It was still early so there weren't a lot of people around. Most of the choir members were relaxing outside together, shaking off the nervous energy with laughter.

Professor Keeley politely greeted them, wondering which of them were planning to be involved in the deviant act. It made her shudder to think about the choir members that way.

Once she was backstage, she looked around at the different movable dressing curtains that had been arranged. Her TA was right. It was moved around to look like a maze with only the choir members being allowed back there. The arranged curtains were in between the women's side and the men's side.

Perfect for getting dressed. Perfect for discreet sexual activities.

She squinted her eyes and was ready to march right in there. If any sex acts were going on, she'd raise hell and immediately put an end to it. If anyone resisted, she'd take the fornicating students directly to the Dean. No exceptions. She was that fiery and her blood was hot.

As she went to break up the formation of the curtains, she saw Christine.

Christine was the President of the sorority chapter. She was the kind of girl who was an overachiever in every way, well-mannered, and was obsessed with being extremely popular. She was also the kind of girl who had a super secret slutty side. There was that aura about her that she loved sex, though it could never really be proved.

It was almost surreal seeing Christine putting the finishing touches on the dressing curtains in a way that would allow the choir girls to perform sex acts on the guys.

The professor went right over to the sorority leader with a much more measured approach. It would work better like that as opposed to outright starting a fight.

"I know what you're doing," Professor Keeley said in a firm and commanding tone. "And it has to stop."

Christine gave a wry smile. "Well hello, professor. Whatever do you mean?"

"Save it. I know what you're setting up with the fraternity members of the choir. I can't allow it."

"Are you talking about our vocal warmups? Why? Don't you want a good performance tonight?"

"Those certainly aren't the vocal warmups we've taught you."

"We have our own techniques," Christine shot back. "They've worked quite well so far. You and everyone else have been full of compliments for our last few performances, haven't you?"

The very thought made the professor shudder, knowing that choir members had been secretly doing -- whatever -- prior to their shows.

Professor Keeley shook her head. "I don't care. I can't allow this. This is completely against the rules and it's totally immoral for this to happen in the Arts Center."

"Oh, the drama," Christine sighed dismissively. "What's wrong with it, anyway? Assuming whatever you're alleging is true."

"What's wrong with it?! First of all, it's disgusting. Secondly, it's wildly inappropriate, and I don't need to explain that to you. Thirdly, and most importantly, other girls will be pressured into... you know... doing whatever it is you're doing."

"You think choir girls are being pressured?" Christine smiled.

"Of course they are. You're the sorority president. You have influence over them."

"I'll admit that some girls are uncomfortable with it. Not all. Some girls just love it. Every second of it. But no one is being forced. It's for the good for the sorority, and the choir performances, it seems."

Professor Keeley was visibly shaken for a moment. "That's it. I'm taking you to the Dean right now unless you remove these dressing curtains. No more secret spaces."

"Then how are we supposed to dress?"

"You know exactly what I mean. There are curtains for the women's side. Curtains for the men's side."

The tension between them broke when more members of the choir entered the backstage area, but they were all talking and laughing amongst themselves. None of the choir singers had any idea that a heated conversation was taking place. Even more striking, there was a noise behind the curtain and it seemed to move. 

The movement came from the men's side of the dressing area.

Christine smiled, "Oh look, dressing has begun. As president of the sorority chapter, it's my duty to ensure that my sisters are all prepped for success."

"Don't you freaking dare, Christine," the professor warned.

"What are you going to do? Wrestle me to the ground?"

"If I have to."

Christine winked. "Try me."

A sudden turn and Christine walked away towards the perfectly arranged curtains. The sorority president flung a curtain and entered into the maze-like design.

Professor Keeley huffed and clenched her fists. She was determined to stop this. She was ready to drag that bitch into the Dean's office. 

But she couldn't just knock those curtains over like she so desperately wanted to do. That would have created a big commotion and huge drama. Everyone would have been thrown off their mental game and there would be gossiping for months, maybe even years. The big night would definitely be ruined.

So she took a more calculated approach.

The professor followed the sorority president behind the curtain and into the dark maze-like setting of the arranged curtains. It wasn't too dark. But there was plenty of privacy.

She made a few turns and found Christine standing there.

Christine put a finger over her own lips. "Shhh...be quiet."

"Why?" the professor whispered, then realizing how ridiculous it was that she actually listened to the sorority girl.

"Because you'll be caught back here. The fraternity boys are on the other side. If they hear your voice, they'll know it's you."

Professor Keeley gulped. "Let's go then."

"Anyone back there?" a guy called from the other side of the curtain.

"Yes," Christine answered.

Christine then turned to the professor and whispered, "That's Jeff. He's VP of the fraternity. If he's there right now, then he's expecting a blowjob."

"What?" the professor whispered softly in shock, eyes wide open. "Are you freaking kidding me? Here? Now?"

Christine nodded and whispered. "Most likely. We'll have to wait and see."

Sure enough, the answer came in the form of a cock poking through the middle of the curtains. That's right, a real life cock. It was hard too. It moved slowly through the curtain's opening, but the fraternity brother was careful to hold the curtains shut so that all identities involved would be kept secret as much as possible. After all, rules are rules.

Professor Keeley held out the palm of her hand and was ready to smack that stiff cock away with a powerful force, but Christine reached out and blocked the professor's hand.
