 Pulled out of the memory by the pop and crackle of cheap speakers straining to handle the beat of the song's bass line that the stripper on stage gyrates her ass to, which has the unfortunate effect of reminding me of Kelsey. It still only a month since it ended between us, the lingering pain of it ripping at me inside, and I take another sip of the auburn liquor. Closing my eyes and enjoying the burn as it runs down my throat. Turning my head from the stage before I open them again, this time an even more unsettling sight greets them. Jason has Elisa's once lovely little stripper in his lap. Her long, red locks replaced by strait, platinum blonde. Her lovely breasts transformed into huge silicon tits that stretch her once cute nipples. Feeling guilt again about taking Jason here and, in my mind, I see Steph in the lobby of the hotel. Dolled up in her little dress that show off her perfect tits and ready to go out with her friends. Them whispering in her ear telling Steph the dirty things she is going to see tonight but me just seeing her smile and blush. Her tits jiggling a little as she laughed. The jiggle of the stripper's big fake tits pull me back into the now as she holds Jason's head between them slapping either side of his face repetitively. One of his hands move over her ass squeezing it while the other slowly works the end of an unlit cigar into her exposed cunt.

He slips the cigar from her cunt as she leans back; her hands moving down undoing his belt and zipper before her hand reaching in to pull out his hard, ready cock. Bringing the wet end of the cigar to his lips, tasting the stripper's cunt as her hand grips and roughly strokes his shaft. Grinning stupidly as he lights the cigar and then leaning back as the stripper move up sliding the head of his cock over her cunt. I hear her once familiar moan as the head of his cock glides over her clit. Lifting up, she runs it down her slit before she lowers herself onto the head. Feeling it spread open her cunt before she slides down onto his prick. 

"Going to remember this tomorrow?" she rasps as she starts to fuck him making his cock fill her pussy. 

His eyes wide as he sucks at the cigar, "Last bit of pussy as a single man." He groans before adding "Doesn't mean I won't be back for more through" he grins before his hips begin lifting up fucking her little cunt harder as he meets her thrusts with his own. 

Her hand moving up griping his tie pulling on it roughly and it tightens around his neck; then she begs, "Please, baby, cum in me."

I turn my head looking away remember Elisa yelling those very words, "Please, baby, cum in me." But it is not me inside of her as she slides herself down onto the cock of the bearded man under her. His mouth sucking at her nipple while another man works his thick black cock into her ass. Her eyes looking at the thick white dick being stroked by her third lover standing on the bed in front of her. I hear them in the hallway as I stand just outside my dorm room. The faces of my suite mates sparing me pitying looks as they quickly walk past. I resolve to slip the key into the door. Pausing for a moment debating the act of actually pushing it open when I hear her soft moans.

"Fuck me. Harder. Fuck me. Deeper in my ass, baby. I need all of your fucking cocks." I close my eyes my heart racing as I finally push open the door and see her on my bed. Her almost pale white skin in stark contrast to her black lovers above and below her while her hand then reaches up stroking the third dick. Her hips gyrating as she roughly fucks both of their cocks inside of her. She arches her back as she hears the door open tightening her fuck holes and the two of them groan out in pleasure. The one in her ass blowing his load inside of her. 

"Thank you for your cum baby," she giggles as she flips her hair as she looks back to smile cutely over her shoulder at her lover as she twists her hand up and down the cock in front of her. Her thumb circles over the head of the cock in her hand smearing the pre-cum over the head of the hard dick. Her nail circles the tip and then presses roughly at his piss-hole making him groan out. Her thumb is coated in his pre-cum when she then turns her head to look at me standing there dumbly. She gives me that cute smile of hers I fell for, then bites her lower lip, and her eyes look at me almost sad. However, at the very same moment, she tightens her ass around the thick exploding cock. She presses herself forward almost popping it out of her tight ass before thrusting back hard and fast onto it. She feels the thick hot mixture filling her tight hole and oozing out around the black dick; the nasty white cum running down the crack of her ass. Her hips work back and forth up and down the monster cock milking it completely while the countenance she worked so hard to hold while looking at me breaks as she lets out a low feral moan. 

Her eyes leave mine as she pulls her hand back from the cock in front of her. She looks intensely up into his eyes as she runs her tongue slowly over her thumb tasting him and then ask sweetly, giggling, "Do you want to cum in my ass?" before she begs, "Please, baby, I need your big, fat cock in my little asshole," as the thick black cock finally spent slips from her dirty fuck hole and he staggers back to rest against the wall. The third lover needing no further encouragement moves around behind her. Her asshole is gaping and leaking cum that runs down over her cunt as well as the cock thrusting up deep inside of it. Her white lover bends his knees as he positions himself behind her before he slams his hard thick cock deep into her asshole filling her up again causing her to let out a loud satisfied moan.

Her eyes turn back to me and this time there is no fake smile or false fawning look. Her jaw is set and her striking blue eyes are a mixture of fury and sadness. At that very moment, I finally catch the flicker of the engagement ring I bought on her finger that she must have discovered. She grits her teeth then her body shakes. Her toes curl and the feeling rises up her body making her legs quiver as an orgasm overcomes her; the feeling of ecstasy spreads throughout her body. Then she closes her eyes and she whispers, "I need to taste my ass on that fucking cock." The man against the wall staggers forward and spares me a moment's glance but I have already turned and am slamming shut the door behind me having been given my answer.

I almost rush from the room--the suite--the building. Walking quickly and purposefully but with absolutely no destination in mind. I pace under the stately oaks whose leaves have turned brown and gently fall to the ground preparing the trees for winter. I hear them crunch and crackle under my feet. The wind gust past me rustling the leaves and ripping through me hinting at the cold to come. I make my feet continue to move one foot in front of the other. A shiver passes over and through me as I see her still working herself onto those men before my eyes. Seconds, minutes, hours, may have passed but I am still not out of that dorm room. I don't hear the squeal of the car's brake and the honk of the driver's horn having almost hit me while I crossed the street in a haze. Numb to the world, I take the path next to the campus president's house, down the plateau the campus sits upon, and make my way across the abandoned soccer field below. At its far edge, I pass underneath the canopy of the old forest unto the cross country path. The light of the full moon shining through the branches above me as I walk down the path and hear the soft trickle of the creek up ahead. My feet carrying me up the small bridge that passes over it and I finally pause at the apex of the bridge. 

Turning, I move to the edge of the bridge. My hands move down to feel the cold, rusted metal of the railing. My fingers grip it and my fists turn white as I let myself feel the raw, pure, hot rage inside of me. "Elisa, you fucking wh...ahrghhh" I spit out through clenched teeth. Coming in waves following the anger are the pangs of sadness, betrayal, and guilt. Falling to my knees, my hands holding desperately to the railing, "How could you be so fucking stupid." I say to myself before I stare out over the creek. I don't know how long I knelt there just listening to the trickle of the creek's water over the round smooth stones of its bed. I see the the moon coming out from behind the clouds and its light is reflected on the churning surface of the water before I finally pulled myself back to my feet. My hand moves up letting my fingers gently rub my eyes as I pull myself together when I hear the sound of footsteps coming up along the path behind me. I lean forward and let my hands hold the railing again steadying myself as I do not even need to turn my head to confirm that she has found me. Her footsteps soft on hard floor of the bridge and I remember laughing to myself as it was the first time I can remember her without heels. However, no sound escapes my lips and I shrug my shoulder pushing her hand away as she tries to touch me. 

"Sor.." she starts then thinks better of it "I didn't...didn't want you to actually have to see that," she says softly unsure of herself for the briefest of moment and I close my eyes my hands griping the railing again. "You know me. You know what I am fucking like. Did you really think I would suddenly change who I am because you bought me a fucking ring, " she continues bitterly then she tosses the ring against my back and I hear the metal clink as it hits the hard surface of the bridge. I look down concentrating on the flow of the water over the rocks below when I hear her start again "God, Chris, yell at me. Scream at me. I fucked them in our..." her voice breaks "our bed. Please, be mad at me. Hate me....fuck me..." she ends trailing off. 

Silence between us for a moment but I cannot stand it anymore as I hear her sniffle. I turn intending to scream what I have been feeling but I see the tears staining her cheeks running down from her big blue eyes. The rage ebbing away as I step close to her. My hands moving up holding her face gently as my thumbs wipe away her tears. She looks up into my eyes and I lean my head forward. My forehead pressing up against hers before I lean forward my lips kissing hers firmly. I feel her press her lips against mine and her lips part sucking softly on my upper lip before I make myself pull back from her warm embrace. "I'm sorry. I let myself believe the illusion." I whisper my mind replaying all the moments between the her and I, "I love you Elisa...but I...I can't do this...we're done." I state leaning up to kiss her forehead before I pull away, walking up the path from which I came, and leaving her alone in silence on the bridge behind me. Turning her head and body away from me defiantly, Elisa's hand moves over the rough, corroded metal of the bridge and bows her head. Her blue eyes reflecting light of the moon on the water flowing slowly below her.