 Absently, Nate traced the rim of his plastic punch cup, his fingers moving in tedious, endless circles. He glanced out onto the floor with not a little annoyance at the flashing strobe light and hip-hop beat that had sent the gymnasium into a gyrating frenzy. His senior prom was not living up to his expectations. 

A lot of the problem was timing. The school administration had simply failed to consult with the student body before setting the date for the big dance. As it was, the prom happened to fall on a week when, in the complex rituals of teenage dating, all of the girls where happy and "with" their respective boyfriends. The last wave of heated arguments and break-ups had passed a few weeks ago, tempers had calmed, and the boy-girl relationships had cycled back around to lovey-dovey couplings that meant there would be a healthy amount of dark-corner necking and back-seat fuck-fests throughout the night. Never mind that there would be break-ups galore on Monday morning. The problem was that couples were together now. It was simply sloppy planning on the school's part. A stag like Nate cannot be expected to have a good time at the prom when all of the female flesh is happily involved with their respective male counterparts. On top of that, the DJ preferred slow ballads to fast dance beats. With faster songs, a guy could at least gyrate into a few females without drawing much attention. With slower songs, boyfriends where either too possessive to allow another guy to dance with his girl at all, or at least to watchful to let hands wonder very much. The DJ had been playing slow songs all night long. This was just not Nate's day.

Nate had managed to approach Kara earlier in the night and dance a short round with her. He had hoped that, if he could not conquer some new flesh, a romp with last year's prom fuck buddy could be arranged. As Nate drank in the smell of Kara's perfume, he remembered their night one year ago--how he had taken advantage of an argument with her boyfriend to nail her in the back seat of his car. Images of her slender, tan body bouncing up and down on his cock gave him an instant erection as he pressed closer to her, only to have her gently but definitely push him away.

"Nate, don't do that," she said into his ear. "David is probably watching."

"Oh, baby, can't you forget David for just a little while? We could sneak into the bathroom for a quickie," Nate smiled and added, "For old time's sake?"

"I'm sorry, Nate, but I can't." 

"Don't you remember last year when you said you wanted me to be your 'other man' even if you and David got back together?" Nate reminded her of the agreement made after their romp in the back seat. Over the course of the year, he and Kara had fucked several times, but lately she seemed less and less interested in honoring their special relationship. "It's been so long since we've played, baby. What's happened to us?"

"Look, Nate, David and I are on really good terms right now," Kara was starting to get flustered. "We've both done stupid things, but we're working through it. And what's all this 'us' business? It's not like we ever had a real relationship, Nate. We were fuck buddies, that's all. We fooled around because we were bored. And it was great, don't get me wrong. You're a fan-fucking-tastic lover, okay? But don't start making it anything more than it was, and all it was young lust. I'm over it now. You should get over it too." With that, Kara walked briskly away, leaving Nate standing in an embarrassed silence at the center of the floor.

Kara's rejection still fresh in his mind, Nate sat on the sidelines watching everyone else enjoy themselves, contemplating what the night's jack-off fantasy would be, when a stroke of good luck walked through the door. Three strokes, actually. Melanie Hammonds, Crystal Lewis, and Amanda Wallace. Nate and his friends referred to them as the Hoe Brigade. They were three notoriously easy, trashy, slutty, pot-head burn outs that had made the rounds to almost every guy in school (and some of the girls, if rumors could be believed). Nate was one of the few that had not tasted this corrupted fruit.

"Better late than never," he said to himself, downing the remainder of his punch and crossing the floor.

These three were legends at Wayne high school. A lot of girls 

dressed skimpy, a lot were cock teasers, and most were a few miles south of virginity, but in the end, most girls had there fun here and there and generally behaved themselves. Not these three. They were the real deal: bonafied, card-carrying sluts from the word go. Nate and his friends called them "The Ho Patrol" when they passed (ALWAYS together) in the hallways, invariably on their way to the bathroom to light up before their next class. It was well known that, every weekend, some guy (or several) was getting lucky with one (or all) of the Patrol. And they had been at it for a very long time. Nate knew for a fact--knew because Ryan Stewart had informed him of all the tasty details--that Melanie had once rode the bus home with Ryan's brother Wally for the express purpose of giving him a handjob while his parents were still at work. They just sat on the living room couch with her cranking away on his pecker while Batman Adventures was playing on the tube. Mel hadn't graduated to blowjobs at the time, because this had all happened in the eighth grade, but it didn't take her long. 

Nate figured that, if he wanted to get laid tonight, the Patrol was his best bet. He couldn't help but notice the boredom on their faces as he walked up, and hoped that meant his job was going to be all the easier. 

"Good evening, ladies," he said. They all replied with broad smiles, though the boredom in their voices was all the more evident. Melanie, with whom Nate had been carrying on a continuous flirtation for years, put her arm around his waist and rested her head on his shoulder. "Having a good time?" Nate ventured. 

"Shit no," sighed Crystal. "I hate these fucking dances. All the hot guys are hooked up and they aren't playing any fast songs." Nate smiled. 

"Yeah, I know what you mean," he said. "I was thinking of splitting." 

"Us too," said Melanie. "You want to come with us up to Cedar Point? We've got some booze in the car. We were just going to have our own party." She giggled. 

"Sounds good to me," Nate said, then added. "Why don't we get a hotel room, though. We'd be more comfortable, don't you think?" 

"There aren't going to be any fucking rooms empty now," said Mandy. "This is prom night." 

"I bet we could get one at Cooper's Motel," suggested Nate. Cooper's was the local "No-Tell-Motel" and almost always had a room available, seeing as how they rented by the hour. 

Melanie looked up into Nate's eyes, grinning. "Why, Nate! It sounds like you've got this all planned out" 

"Yeah," giggled Crystal. "Could we trust you in a hotel room with all three of us?" 

"You could trust me to get fresh," he said, smiling back. "Would that be a big problem?" 

"Fuck no," said Mandy. "Once we get a little trashed, we'd probably jump you anyway." 

"That's what I was counting on," he said. They all laughed on their way out the door. 

Melanie's tongue was already deep inside Nate's mouth when the other two girls started on their second bottle of Corona. The jacket of his tuxedo had long since found its way to the floor, and Melanie's hands were creeping inside the shirt, assuring Nate that the rest of his clothes probably wouldn't last much longer. Melanie and Crystal still had their dresses on, but Mandy had stripped down to her bra and panties ("God Damn thing's too tight" she had said while peeling her dress over her head) soon after their arrival at the motel room. The four of them had managed to finish off one carton of beer before the make-out session began. 

"Save some of that for me," Crystal giggled, watching Nate and Mel go at it. Mel had hiked her dress up and was now straddling Nate, their mouths writhing together furiously. Mandy tipped her bottle up, sipping through the side of her mouth, as her fingers unconsciously wandered into her panties. They were all a little south of tipsy, and all the girls tended to get just a little bit hornier when they were drunk. Nate came up for some air and, while Melanie moved her lips down to his neck and began unbuttoning his shirt, he noticed Mandy playing with herself. 

"Why don't you help Mandy out while you're waiting your turn," he said to Crystal. The two girls' eyes met with a visual spark of lust. Mandy smiled broadly, spread her legs wide and curled her finger at Crystal, beckoning her closer. Crystal crawled seductively on all fours toward her friend, pushed Mandy's panties aside, and immediately dove her tongue between the furry lips. Mandy let out a loud moan that made Crystal giggle and dive into her work with great abandon. The orgy had begun. 

Melanie reached behind and unzipped her dress, then snaked out of it. She kissed Nate deeply one last time and said, "I've wanted this for a long time, Nate." 

"What the fuck took you so long?" he said, his voice thick with lust. For an answer, Melanie slid down his body and removed his pants. His undies bulged, and Melanie quickly freed his hard cock, which had just the glistening beginnings of pre-cum at its tip. 

"Mmmm, God," she moaned and buried the dick in her mouth. Nate couldn't even muster a moan--he just stopped breathing for a few seconds, tilted his head back, and reveled in the long-sought sensation of Melanie's lips wrapped around his pecker. 

Meanwhile, across the room, Mandy had nearly succeeded in toppling Crystal's tightly styled hair as she pushed her friends face hard into her pussy. "Eat that pussy, you little slut," she said savagely. "Yeah, you're a little cunt licker, aren't you?" Crystal mumbled her affirmation and gripped Mandy's hips. With both girls straining to push Crystal's tongue as deep as possible into her, Mandy began grinding her pussy into the girl, fucking her friend's face wildly. "Mmm, yeah. You like that?" Mandy taunted. "You like me to fuck your face, you like being my whore. You like it, you. . .oh fuck!" Mandy shut her eyes tightly and moved her hips faster as her first orgasm of the night exploded. "Oh god, baby, I'm gonna cum all over your face, Crystal oh fuck goddamn fuck goddamn fuck fuck fuck yes yes fucking goddamn!" When it was over, Mandy pulled Crystal up to her face and kissed her full on the mouth. 

By this time, Melanie had had her fill of Nate's cock. . .at least as far as her mouth was concerned. She slipped out of her panties and climbed up Nate's body, moving to his face and again kissing him. "Can I fuck you now, Nate? I wanna fuck you so bad." 

"Yes, baby," he said. "Fuck me!" With that, she raised her hips, positioned her moist cunt over his cock, and slowly slid down onto it, their lips locked together the entire time. Melanie moved slowly at first, allowing the both of them to savor the moment, a moment that they had both dreamt of for so long. Years of flirting, of amorous glances and secret desires had been building to this moment. They had both known, each in their hearts, how the other felt, but fear, embarrassment, or any number of other silly excuses had always kept them from sharing these feelings. Now, with their inhibitions dulled and a captive audience of onlookers, their passion could be hidden no longer. 

"I love you, Nate," Melanie said as she bobbed up and down on him. "I've wanted this for so long, baby." 

"I love you too, Mel, and I've been waiting just as long," Nate said. He reached behind her back and undid her bra. Nate wrapped his arms around Melanie. They held each other tightly, their naked flesh pressing warmly against each other, and began fucking wildly. Melanie bounced up and down, Nate's cock nearly popping out of her each time, before slamming herself down again hard onto it with a scream of pleasure. 

"You're pussy feels so good, Mel," Nate moaned. "Just like I knew it would. You're so fucking sexy." 

"I want to be your whore, Nate, your own personal little whore," Melanie gasped close to his ear. He grabbed her ass, pulling her down and thrusting up, their bodies slapping together loudly. Crystal and Mandy stared at the two of them, awed by the ferocity of their love making. "I want you to cum in me, Nate," Melanie said. "I want you to fill me up with it." 

"I will, baby," Nate promised. "God, you're going to make me cum now." 

"Do it, baby. Please, cum for me. Make me your cum slut. Shoot your wad in my pussy, Nate. Oh god yes!" As Melanie began bucking with her own orgasm, Nate felt his balls tighten, and screamed so loud his voice cracked. He dug his fingers into Melanie's bouncing ass as he emptied the biggest shot of cum he had ever produced into her warm, wet pussy. When he had finally finished spraying his jizz into her, they both collapsed, panting, onto the bed. 

"God damn!" said Mandy. "I've never seen shit like that, not even in the pornos." 

"Yeah," added Crystal. "That was really sexy you guys!" She had finally gotten rid of her own clothing and was curled up with Mandy, absently playing with her nipple. 

When Melanie climbed off Nate to lay beside him, a large glob of jizz dripped onto his leg. The other girls noticed that his cock was also gummy with his own spunk. 

"Fuck dude!" Crystal laughed. "You filled her so full of cum her poor pussy can't hold it all!" 

"Do you want to clean me up?" asked Melanie, a sly smile playing on her lips. 

"Fuck yeah!" Crystal answered, already on her knees and half-way to the bed. She stopped at the foot and looked at Nate. "You don't mind, do you?" 

"Not if she doesn't mind Mandy cleaning me off" Nate said. Melanie nodded, letting him know it was okay. Crystal approached the bed as Nate and Mel scooted to the very edge so that the girls could have easy access to their crotches. Just as before, Crystal dove her tongue into Melanie without hesitation. Melanie moaned at this and wrapped her legs around Crystal's head. Meanwhile, Mandy lowered her mouth onto Nate's balls, where his cum had begun to slowly run down. He gasped and jumped as her tongue first licked the jizz up and then drew an entire nut into her mouth, where she began sucking. Mandy looked into Nate's eyes and he could feel her lips smiling as she worked her magic on his cock, cleaning it thoroughly of his residual cum. 

Crystal lifted her head from Melanie's pussy and looked up at Nate. "You taste so fucking good, Nate!" she said. Nate saw that she held a gob of cum in her mouth, and more was sticking to her face, even dripping off her chin. The sight of it drove him crazy 

"Oh my god," he said. "I'm sorry, Mandy, but Crystal's being neglected. She needs a good fucking!" He pushed Mandy out of the way, pulled Crystal up roughly by the hair and threw her onto the bed. He placed her feet over his shoulders and plunged his cock into her--no slow beginning, no foreplay as there had been with Melanie--just raw, ravenous fucking! He pounded into Crystal hard, making her scream out until she found Mandy's familiar pussy thrust into her mouth. Nate looked up to see that Mandy had taken Melanie's place beneath Crystal's able mouth, and Melanie had settled her self on Mandy's face, her body facing Nate. In that way--Nate fucking Crystal, Crystal eating Mandy, Mandy sucking cum from Melanie's pussy, and Melanie gazing into Nate's eyes--they became a unified sexual beast, writhing, screaming, moaning as one. 

"I want you to fuck her hard for me, baby," Melanie said. As the only girl that could talk, she became the spokesperson for the beast. "Make her cum, and I want you to cum, too. I want you to cum inside her. I want you to squeeze all that cum out of your balls, I want whatever you didn't give me to go inside Crystal." 

"And you," she said shoving Crystal's face into Mandy's pussy. "I want you to grip my baby's cock tight with that slutty pussy of yours. I want you to fuck him right back and make him cum, and I want you to take every drop of it! And you have to make Mandy cum again, too. Eat her pussy you fucking whore!" 

Melanie then turned her attention to Mandy, grinding her cunt down onto the girl's face. "Mandy, I want you to suck all of Nate's cum out of me. He shot so much up in my pussy when he fucked me, more than I've ever felt, and you have to swallow all of it." 

Melanie's voice was like a trance to them; they all obeyed explicitly. Nate pounded into Crystal like a jack-hammer. Crystal threw her hips back to meet Nate's every thrust, then rocked forward to attack Mandy's sensitive clit. Melanie could feel Mandy's tongue probing deep into her, licking Nate's cum off the walls of her pussy and sucking it (along with Melanie's clit) into her mouth. 

Nate came first with a short, intense orgasm, spraying Crystal's pussy with the very last drops of his cum. The orgasm continued like a chain reaction through the rest of the group, with Crystal gripping Nate with her legs and pulling her deeper inside as her body shook. She screamed into Mandy's pussy and bit down on her friend's clit. Mandy shook so violently from her second orgasm of the night that her mouth brought Melanie to her own climax. Exhausted, and having screamed themselves horse, the quartet of sweaty bodies fell into a pile of flesh on the bed. Melanie and Nate found each other's arms, embracing as the other girls nuzzled close to their bodies. 

"Well, this prom night turned out to be pretty cool after all," panted Crystal. 

"Yes," Melanie said, kissing Nate. "It certainly did." 

"You're not going to take our Melanie away from us are you Nate?" asked Mandy. "You know, now that you're all lovey-dovey and shit?" 

"No, I promise I won't" said Nate. "In fact, I think we should all spend a lot of time together from now on." 

"Aim-the fuck-in to that!" said Mandy. The four of them laughed, cuddled closer to one another, and slept away the rest of the night.