 You were still laughing as the car sped away. The sight of the 4 men, the four men that had damn near raped you. They had raped you, but you enjoyed it. You enjoyed their cock inside your ass, pussy and mouth. "Fuck, that was good" you said. They stood there, covered in dust, dust that shot up from the rear wheels of the convertible, the repaired and fixed convertible. It felt better, sounded better. 

The main road visible, you swung right, headed back home. Back to your sanctuary, back to the shower, back to wash their cum off of your body, out of your body. "Fuck, that was good though" you said at the top of your voice as the wind ripped through your long black hair. The CD player at full volume, you sped along the open road. Exhilarated, sexually satisfied, for now! That incident charged you. "Fuck, I enjoyed that" you said as you pulled into your drive, bringing the car to a halt, waving to Brady.

He came over as you got out of the car. You briefly told him what had happened, omitting, of course, the incident with the 4 cocks. As you swung you legs out, you knew he could see your naked pussy. Hell, you wanted him to see it. Still charged, still hungry. He smiled as you related the tale to him. Asking if it (the car) was okay. You shrugged your shoulders. A strap slipped down, the top slipped to reveal more than half of your breast. "I think so Brady" you said. "It certainly feels and sounds better" you added as you collected your purse, then the small bag. Both times, letting him see you, see your nipples. Yes, you liked showing Brady your breasts. After all, he was a sweet man, saved you money. A real handyman. A look at his growing bulge. "A big handyman" you thought, lingering for a few seconds longer than necessary, letting him have a longer look at your nipples, at your bare tits. Yes, you liked to tease.

"Right" you said, collecting your things. "Shower time for me" you added.

He smiled.

"No Marjorie at home Brady?" you asked him, noticing her car was missing from the garage.

He told you in that deep voice, the booming deep voice, that she was out of town for a few days, visiting her sister.

"I hope you are behaving then" you said with a giggle. As an afterthought, one that you regretted saying afterwards. "Why don't you let me cook your dinner? Can't have you eating junk food or those TV dinners can we?"

He thanked you for that. You smiled and told him that no thanks were needed, that he had saved your ass on countless times. You owed him at least dinner you told him.

"Come round about 8" you said. He nodded and said thank you again. You smiled and glanced down. Did he see your eyes drop to the bulge?

Inside the house, you stripped, showered. The hot water pounding your body as you applied the soap, washing away all the remnants of that afternoon, washing away the signs of cum. Opening your pussy wide, you took the shower head. "Fuckkk" you said as the powerful jet of water hit your pussy, hit your clit. Almost immediately you came again. The powerful jet hitting you in the right spot. "Ohhhh yesss" you moaned as you felt the juices flowing down your thighs.

That seemed to steady you, steady the urge to fuck. That's when you regretted inviting Brady. You realized that you did that through lust, not for any other reason, just lust. 

"Shit" you swore as you dried your body. "Too late now I guess" you cursed again.

Two:

By 8pm, you had prepared a simple meal, but a healthy one. Freshly grilled fish with pasta topped with a mushroom sauce. By 8pm you had changed clothes three times. Unsure what to wear, unsure of the feelings inside your body. Part of you wanted to flash your body, part of you said "No". The part that won in the end decided your attire. A simple shirt, open and knotted around the midriff, leaving the pierced bellybutton on show. Leaving your breasts on show when you leant forward. The skirt, simple too, white, soft and short, very short. Maybe too short. White sneakers completed the choice. No brassiere, no panties, just those three items. By 8pm you were ready, ready to expose, ready to please and tease. 

Before you dressed, undressed and dressed again, the afternoon events came flooding back to you. It affected you again. You needed the vibrator to nullify the feeling in your pussy. Sore, yes, sore but again, satisfied. You slammed the purple toy deep into your pussy, hurting you, pleasing you. "Fuck, yessss' you screamed as you came again. "Fuck, yessss" as the juices flowed out of your pussy. "Fuck, I needed that" you said as you put the toy back into the bedside cabinet, putting it back in it's place with the other toys you kept there.

Three:

By 8.05, Brady had arrived, carrying a bottle of white wine, which you added to the one you had opened. You smiled, seeing that he hadn't bothered changing, but then again, why should he have had? It wasn't a 'date' as such, just a meal with a neighbor. You were, in one respect, glad he hadn't. The bulge in his shorts still evident. His strong thighs, tanned thighs. You liked strong thighs. 

You noticed his eyes, deep brown, looking at your cleavage as you placed the plate of fish and pasta on the table mat in front of him. "Enjoy" you said as you sat down to eat. "Oh I will" he said attacking the food with gusto. Very few words were spoken, until he cleared the plate, leaving not a morsel.

"Wow Brady" you said. "Were you hungry?" you added with a laugh. He smiled. "That was wonderful" he said, patting his stomach.

"Glad you enjoyed it" you said standing, leaning, lingering, taking his empty plate. "Hope you enjoyed that too" you thought as you stood upright, seeing his eyes yet again down your shirt. 

You came back to the table, two bowls of strawberries and cream. "Whew" he said as he looked at the fruit covered with large helpings of cream. You smiled as he attacked that too. "Finished?" you asked as you, yet again, leant over, hesitating, lingering again. He confirmed he had and thanked you for the meal. "As I said Brady, it's a thank you for all you have done for me in the past" you told him as you poured more wine in the empty glasses. You picked up your glass and moved to the couch, he followed suit. 

Four:

The talk was of nothing, just small neighborly talk. You mentioned the incident this afternoon again. The thoughts of those 4 cocks raced through your brain. Those 4 cocks, so hard, raping you, taking you, fucking you. You smiled as you crossed your legs, the skirt rose slightly higher. A silly thought ran through your mind. Was it so silly though? The thought of going back for more tomorrow? The thought of taking the same route, stopping at the bagel place? Silly? Maybe. Horny? Definitely. You wanted more of what they gave you earlier. You wanted their cocks again, you wanted the violence of it all again. "Fuck" you thought as you felt horny again. Felt the need to have their cocks again. "Fuck" you thought again as you leant forward to pick up your glass, you felt the shirt open, open enough for your right breast and nipple to be completely on show for Brady's eyes. Sitting back, the legs crossed again, more thigh, more dark skin for his eyes. Glancing down, you saw the bulge. "Fuck" you thought as you saw it grow before your very eyes.

"Mmmm, more wine Brady?" you asked as you stood up and opened the bottle he brought with him. He looked at his watch, 9.45. "Somewhere to go honey?" you asked as you saw him checking the battered timepiece on his thick wrist.

"I don't want to keep you Felisha" he announced as you passed him another glass. 

You smiled. Sweet man. "You aren't hon." you said in response as you sat back down, drawing your legs underneath you. The skirt not able to cover you in that position. The bulge grew again. Resting your left arm on the back of the couch, your legs tucked under your butt, you faced him as the chat continued. You knew, or hoped, that you left breast was visible to him. It had to be, the way his eyes kept falling there, it had to be. It was. The bulge told you it was. "Fuck" you thought as you saw the bulge in his shorts. 

Moving your legs again, this time slowly, purposely. You moved your right leg, placing the foot on the floor, the left leg remaining tucked underneath. The skirt, far too short to hide what you wanted him to see anyway. The look in his eyes, told you he saw your pussy. A pussy that needed attention. 

"Brady" you said causing him to bring his eyes back to yours. "Can I ask you to fix something for me whilst you are here?" you asked him. Seeing the disappointment on his face. Thinking that the 'show' was about to be ended.

"Sure, course, what needs fixing now?" he said looking round. "I do" you said standing, unknotting the shirt, pulling it open and then off. Standing in front of him, bare breasted. Pulling the skirt down. Standing in front of him, naked.

"Brady, I want you to fix me, I want you to fuck me" you said as you stood there.

He looked at you. Started to stammer "But, but" He never carried on as you sunk to your knees, as your hand slipped under the legs of his shorts as came into contact with what was to be, the biggest cock you had seen or fucked.

"No buts, just fuck me" you said as your fingers tried to grasp his cock.

He stood, the shirt came off, the shorts came down. You gasped as it sprang into view. "oh my God Brady" was all you could say as it came into view. "Oh my God" you said again as you reached out for it. Unable to close your fingers around the shaft, so thick, so big. He picked you up, his strong hands under your ass. Lowering you onto his shaft, impaling you onto his thickness. He fucked you, like that. It hurt. It was pain and pleasure at it's optimum. Your arms locked around his neck, your legs around his waist. His big hands lifting you up and down on his shaft. "Oh fuck" your swore as you felt yourself cumming already. "Yesss, more, harder" you swore out loud. "Fuck me harder".

He slammed you down onto his cock again, it hit the top of your pussy, stabbing, probing. You gushed, your orgasm tremendous. "Ohhhhh fuckkkkk" you screamed as the pain and the pleasure of the orgasm ran through your body. Not finished with you, he lowered you to the floor, forced you onto your knees. "Oh no, oh yes, yes, yes" you moaned and groaned as you felt his cock touching your swollen pussy. "Oh yessss" you cried as it inched in. It hurt. "Yessss Brady, fill my cunt with that fucking monster" you growled as you looked over your shoulder at him. "Fill my cunt".

Five:

Your mind went back to last night as the alarm rang. Your pussy ached, sore. You lost count of the orgasms Brady gave you, lost count of the positions he took you, fucked you in. All you know is that you came countless times before taking him in your mouth, to swallow his cum as he emptied his balls. 

You lay there, thinking, touching your sore and swollen pussy lips. "Shit, should we have done that?" you asked yourself out loud. You did remember that Brady apologized too. You both got carried away with the wine. You smiled at the time, you agreed but in your head, you knew the real reason why. The 4 cocks, the humiliation, the pain, the pleasure. The 4 cocks drove you to a night of fucking your neighbor, a night of heaven, a night of the Promised Land.

Glancing at the clock, noticing that you had been laying there, the thoughts of last night, for 20 minutes. For those 20 minutes, your fingers had been rubbing your clit, stroking your pussy. You closed your eyes, thought of the monstrous cock that had fucked you into oblivion last night, your finger rubbed your clit, your orgasm came, quickly.

Six:

Showered, but not dressed. Dried, but still naked. You looked out of your bedroom window, the street empty, surprisingly empty for Saturday morning. "Damn those 4 cocks" you said out loud. "Damn those 4 bastards". Looking in the mirror, cupping your breasts, stroking your nipples. "Damn them" you added as you lay on the bed, inserted two fingers into your pussy, pleasured yourself again.

"What the hell is up with me?" you ask yourself as you look at your reflection in the dressing table mirror. The make up, light but seductive. The deep red lip gloss, bringing out the fullness of your lips, the blusher accentuating your high cheekbones. "I'm acting like a fucking whore" you say, again to the reflection. "Damn them, damn their cocks, damn them".

Standing, walking to the window again, you see Brady. You blush and move away from the window before he saw you. 

The simple, plain light button down blue dress, the flat shoes. That was it. Nothing else. Buttoning the dress, leaving the top two and the lower three undone, held together by four buttons. You smiled. "Fuck, I hope they are there". 

Seven:

Closing the front door, glancing to Brady. Ice breaking needed. "Good morning Brady" you say. He looks, rather sheepish. "Morning Felisha". Pleasantries exchanged, you walk to him. "You okay?" you ask placing a hand on his arm. Concern on your face. He smiles. "Yes, are you?". You return the smile. "Yes" was all you said. "Need anything fixing?" he asked breaking out into laughter, laughter which you joined in, slapping his arm. "I will let you know" you said as you walked to you car, glancing back over your shoulder. The out of devilment, reaching behind you, raising the dress to show him your butt. Naked butt.

Eight:

The car gunned into life. You loved that sound. The top opened, nestled into it's housing. The sun already hot. 10am. 

Reversing out of the drive, you waved to Brady as you pulled away, observing the speed limits until you reached the outskirts of the City. Foot down, the car sped. The 25 miles soon covered, the CD blasting out Springsteens "Born To Run".

Approaching the garage, disappointment, no white truck. "Damn them" you cursed out loud as you cut the engine. 20, 30, 40 minutes passed by. Still no sign of the white pickup, still no sign of the 4 cocks you wanted, needed. "Whore" you whispered to yourself, ordering another coffee, your third. The old lady smiled as she poured the steaming black liquid into your cup. You returned the smile. 

Nine:

The car turned into life. Reversing out of the parking lot, the CD loud, you swung right, hitting the tarmac road with force. The back wheels gripped the surface and with a screech you were on the way. On the way to where you hoped they would be. You asked the old lady where they were, telling her of yesterday's mishap and that you needed to make sure they were rewarded. She smiled and told you that they normally went fishing on Saturday's. "Up by the old mine" she told you, giving you directions. 

The track that led to their house flew past, the speedometer read 80. You touched the brakes as you saw the Patrol Car coming in your direction. Slowing down to a safe speed. Your body ached, yearned. "Damn them" you uttered watching the Patrol car ease by you, the sunlight bouncing off of his reflective shades.

10 miles further on, you spotted the sign. The old woman told you to turn down that track, the track led to the lake. Stopping the car, your heart beat faster. "Time to turn back" you said to yourself, then swung the car down the track. "Damn them, damn their cocks".

Ten:

There it was, the white pickup truck, 300 yards down the track. There they were. You stopped at that point. Your body trembling, aching. Your nipples hardened. "My terms" you said to yourself. "My fucking terms". The car moved forward, your hands gripped the steering wheel tightly. Nerves jangled, body tingled, pussy damp. 

200 yards. You stopped again. Second thoughts. "Fuck" was all you said as you pressed the gas pedal. The car sprayed dirt. Coming to a halt 25 yards away, you saw them, knee deep in the lake, a small fire burning, beer cans strewn all about. You watched as they came out of the water, you moved the car into first and pulled up by the truck.

"My terms" you told them as you got out, unbuttoned the dress, letting it fall. Standing there naked, ready, willing and wanting. "My fucking terms" you said again as you walked closer, bent down, picked up a can of Millers, draining the contents.

"Well, hello again Lady" the big man said. Abe and Morris smiled. 

"Hi boys" you replied, leaning up against a tree, legs splayed, finger stroking your soaking pussy. "The car needs fixing again Morris" you said with a smile. 

They stripped, quickly. The 4 hard cocks you wanted were ready, hard, ready and willing….just as you were, wet and willing".

"Hey Seth" Abe called to the big guy, "she says it's her terms". They laughed.

"I heard the bitch" he said. "I heard her" he said again, stroking his thick cock. He moved to you, you smiled. Grabbing your hair, he pulled you down. "Suck it whore" he said slapping your face with his cock. It stung. You recoiled. "Suck it" he said again. You looked up at him. Your mouth closed. He slapped your face with his cock again. "Bitch, you want it rough huh?" he said. Maybe you did, maybe that's why you wanted to meet them again. Maybe you could get your way with Brady, maybe you needed the roughness of these four. "Hawk, grab the fucking rope, gonna teach this fucking bitch a lesson" Seth shouted. Hawk ran to the pick up. His hands held your hair, tight. He dragged you to your feet. His fingers invaded your pussy. "Her cunt's wet boys" he said taking out his fingers, showing them , dripping with your juices. It was wet too. Hands started, grabbing your breasts, twisting your nipples, slapping your ass, sinking back into you pussy. Your eyes never left his. Defiance. 

"Cut the rope into four pieces" he told Hawk, which he did. Seth dragged you to the two sapling trees. They didn't need telling, they knew. Your legs were spread, spread wide, ropes around your ankles. Big hands, held your wrists, big hands squeezed your breasts, fingers invaded your pussy. Maybe you did want it like this. Suddenly, 'my terms' had turned into their terms. 

"Not so tight on the wrists Hawk, I want the bitch to be able to move up and down" Seth said as his hand came crashing down on your ass. You let out a scream. "Shut it bitch" he said as another one crashed down, harder than the first. You winced, your head turned to look at him. Your eyes, blazing, teeth gritted. "Bastard" you spat.

"You bet bitch, you fucking bet I am a bastard" he said with another resounding slap to your ass.

Eleven:

Helpless, tied to the two sapling trees. Your body, open, exposed at their beck and call, at their disposal. To do what they wanted to do. They did and more.

How you moaned and groaned. The pain, the torture, the pleasure, the excitement. Two hours they kept you there, two hours of incessant sex, two hours of pain and pleasure. Two fucking wonderful fucking hours.

Twelve:

Seth's cock was the first to be sent slamming into your pussy. He forced you forwards, the rope digging into your wrists. You sighed as his thick cock slid into you, filling you. You moaned as you felt the heat of his shaft. You moaned as you felt his hands on your breasts, his thick fingers, twisting and pulling on your nipples. "Yes you bastard, fuck me harder, harder" you growled backing on to him, slamming on to him as much as you could with the freedom allowed.

A deep throaty growl came from behind you. A searing jet of liquid entered you. "Ohhh yesss" you cried as you felt your own juices flow, joining his. "Now suck it" he said as he moved to the front. You smirked. You sucked, you swallowed, you cleaned. 

All four cocks took you in quick succession, all four cocks emptied in to you. All four cocks were sucked and cleaned. All four cocks were swallowed. 

They left you suspended there, your pussy on fire. They drank more beer, poured one down your throat. You drank it with glee, not caring that it spilled out of your mouth, down your chin and over your breasts.
