 Things had been progressing pretty quickly all day, and they certainly weren't slowing down once Abby came up to the side of the bed and undid the last button on her collared blouse, revealing her bra. That innocent white smile spread across her face as the equally white top slipped off the young girl's arms and fell out of my sight to the hardwood floor of my bedroom. Next, Abby climbed onto the bed with me, one knee at a time, and shuffled toward me, having already left her shoes behind. I, too, had removed the shirt I had worn to work and lay in silence as the bed creaked beneath Abby's knees while she moved in front of me and reached for my belt.

More than a year had passed since the last time Abby and I had made love. A lot had changed since then, too, not the least of which was Abby's marriage over the past summer. For a while there, her relationship status had little to no impact on our sexual relationship and, in fact, arguably enhanced it, as her partner didn't mind if Abby whored herself out with the right person if the result was a boost to Abby's career. 

To be fair, Abby didn't really need to sleep with me to advance professionally. I had hired her a couple years ago because she was well-qualified for the job, and since then she had been performing admirably. Sure, the fact that we were friends from several years before we reconnected at our current company didn't hurt, but I will say that every advantage Abby received from me was merited based on her work performance alone. However, she and I had been mutually sexually attracted to each other for a long time, so an opportunity to bang her was one I wasn't going to pass up.

As soon as Abby removed the belt from my waist, she tossed it onto the floor, the side opposite where our previously discarded clothing was, and began to go to work on the button of my pants even before the belt buckle clattered on the hardwood. A few seconds later, my cock sprung free, ready and waiting to enjoy and be enjoyed by the young brunette girl whose fingers encircled it as she held herself up by her other hand. With a pursed smile, Abby looked at me with those bright green eyes, which were accentuated by black eyeliner, while her hand began to slide up and down my rigid shaft. Her teeth shone through again as I moaned softly, and her face seemed to light up, already glowing in the dim light which reflected off her creamy skin and perfectly done makeup, which all but obscured the light freckles around her eyes.

All this time, I could tell that Abby wanted me as much as I wanted her, despite her being married to another man. I assumed her husband had given her the green light for what was now transpiring, allowing her to do only what both of us had wanted to do anyway since the last time we'd boned. After all, sexual tension existed between Abby and me long before her now-husband came onto the scene, and when I brought Abby on in my department at work, her husband allowed her to act on her desire to fuck me in hopes of advancing Abby's career. While we did have a lot of fun, culminating in a devil's threesome involving Abby's husband, once Abby got a very well-earned raise, she and I didn't come together sexually again - until a promotion opportunity came available in my department this week.

Abby's light brown hair, with new blond streaks that shone in the light, fell forward as Abby lowered her head to take my cock into her mouth. My first reaction was to throw the back of my head back into my pillow as my thin, 22-year old employee began to lick the tip of my cock while still stroking the shaft. I lifted my head up and began to stroke that pretty hair with one hand as she began to lift her head up and down, taking more and more of my cock into her wet mouth.

Lifting her head a bit, Abby looked back into my eyes and opened her mouth wider, obviously smiling the best she could while licking my cock, and pressed her tongue against the whole shaft of my dick before flicking the head. She did the same thing a couple more times before letting go of my manhood and sitting up, but not before she pulled my pants and boxers off. Now that I was naked, it was Abby's turn, and she wasted no time in reaching behind her back and unlatching her bra.

Tossing the loose bra behind her, past the foot of the bed, Abby immediately undid her dress pants and further disrobed. Her B-cup breasts hanging free in the slightly chilly air, Abby removed both her pants and her panties in one motion until all she was wearing was a shiny gold necklace. I exhaled deeply, making no other sounds as my female friend and I remained naked on the bed for just another moment. Abby giggled, causing her eyes to squint as she looked me in the eyes again and then at my cock before she again reached for my manhood. As she held my prick in place, she shifted her body forward, picking up her knees and resting them on either side of my hips as she lined up her pelvis with mine.

A small moan escaped Abby's throat once she began to lower herself onto my cock. My prick swelled even more as soon as it made contact with the wet opening, and I groaned from pleasure as the head sank into Abby's tight little cunt and continued on. Abby sank all the way down onto me until her taint made contact with my balls, the entirety of my shaft enveloped deep inside my young employee. We groaned together in unison again as Abby leaned over, supporting herself with one hand on my stomach in front of her and the other on my right knee just behind her. Her eyes gazed at her swollen clit and stuffed pussy, while I put my hands on either of her thighs and scanned from her beautiful hair and pretty face down to her heaving boobs and finally to her filled cunt as well.

I had forgotten how tight Abby was, and she hadn't seemed to loosen up at all from the last time we fucked. As my prick adjusted to the incredible feeling of that constricted, wet twat that was gripping my member, my mind raced with lustful memories and fantasies involving the young beauty on top of me. It was in that moment that I decided that Abby was going to have to do much more than simply fuck me to get this promotion. After all, she had done far more for a mere raise last time.

Abby had been working part-time for me since I hired her. It worked well for her, though, because she was still finishing school and didn't have time for 40-hour employment. However, a full-time spot on my team had just opened up, and with only a couple more months before graduation, Abby was ready and qualified for more responsibility. It was just earlier this day that we communicated regarding how she could apply for the position, and she certainly wasted no time. As she started to rock her body forward and back on my cock this night, she was certainly making her candidacy known.

Abby moaned and cursed as she stopped rocking on me and started riding me. She threw her head back, causing her long hair to fly back away from her face, and slid up and down my cock, instantly fucking me steadily, though slowly at first. She pulled her one arm back so that now both hands were on my knees while she rode up and down me. Each time she came down, she took all of my cock deep into her pussy, which seemed to grow tighter as she went to work. I moaned loudly as well, sliding my hands to her ass and holding her steady as she went up and down, over and over again. Her body slapped against mine as she repeatedly shifted, going faster and faster as she grew more and more comfortable.

Soon, we were both panting. Just moments earlier, it had been a little too cold in that room to take our clothes off and remain warm enough, but now with Abby's sexy body riding on top of me as the bed creaked beneath us, we were both starting to sweat a little bit. Our eyes met, and I couldn't help but smile up at my model employee and good friend, who smiled back at me as she came down hard on me over and over, going much faster now. Her necklace rattled against her breasts as she fucked me, and the smacking of her body against mine also added to the soundtrack, indicating too the increasing pace of her fucking. Meanwhile, her boobs bounced in rhythm with her body, and her hair flung about, the blond streaks shining in the dim light.

Content to just let her fuck me until we climaxed, I lay there and sunk my nails into Abby's creamy flesh until she began to slow down and asked me to be on top. Without exiting her wonderful womanhood, I held Abby tightly to myself and rolled over on top of her. Slightly out of breath, Abby laughed, her chest heaving as beads of sweat glistened between her boobs. The girl spread her legs nice and wide for me, resting the heels of her feet on the backs of my calves as I positioned myself and got ready to give this chick the good, hard fucking I had so sadly missed giving her.

Abby cried out and sank her nails into my back at just my first thrust deep into her cunt. I proceeded to fuck her hard and fast as she thrashed against the comforter. Her legs wrapped around my waist, and we briefly made out until I rested my head on Abby's shoulder while she kissed my neck as I thrust hard and fast in and out of her fantastically tight pussy. Our bodies started to slip against each other as we both glistened with sweat that mixed together as I pounded Abby, her little hole squelching as my dick slid in and out, bottoming out inside her as I fucked her to my heart's content.

I railed Abby for just a few more minutes, never letting up the intensity of my drilling inside her. The bed creaked violently beneath us as I slammed in and out of her, my balls slapping against the pretty girl as she took the forceful fucking like a champ. At last, Abby moaned loudly in my ear and went rigid as she tightened her arms and legs around me. Her pussy convulsed around my cock as she came hard, satisfied by being fucked hard by her boss.

Only for a few seconds of Abby's orgasm could I keep up my stamina. Then, losing control as intense pleasure shot through me, I released my load while buried deep inside the young girl. While Abby was still very much in the middle of her own orgasm, my cock erupted in her pussy, shooting off rope after rope of cum into her womb, filling her up with a nice big load of my man juice. We were both moaning uncontrollably by that point.

As I finished up inside Abby, I held myself up so I could watch her face contort as she reacted to her climax and the sensations of getting filled up with her boss's cum. Her eyes were shut at first, but when she opened them, still moaning, she smiled and let out a laugh from the enjoyment. As Abby came down, we were both breathing hard and sweating all over our bodies. I remained inside Abby's pussy for just a minute longer before sliding my slick prick out of her warm love canal, giving Abby one last shudder before we were ready to clean up and get Abby back to her husband that night.

Initially, I had considered that hot sex with Abby to be her interview for the promotion. After all, it was a formality: the job was hers to lose - not that she knew it. However, when she'd asked for a raise a long time back, I had gotten her to agree to a devil's threesome, so I soon realized I was making the promotion process too easy for her. Therefore, I explained to her that our passionate affair that one night was merely the application phase of the process. The interviewing would begin shortly. The twist, though, was that Abby would have to interview with the entire "board of directors," as I put it, if she were to be seriously considered.

No, it wasn't my company's actual board that I convened together to help me "interview" Abby but a group of buddies from my hockey team that had experience with me at this kind of thing. When I made the proposal to Abby, she naturally accepted, but was understandably nervous. I warned her that she'd really have to let go of her inhibitions and give into the experience if she were going to be a strong candidate for the position for which she was applying. She assured me she wouldn't disappoint.

My buddies' names were Jack, Moe and Gus, and they were all on board to make arrangements to meet up with Abby and me. It wouldn't be the first time we all had fun with a hot girl, so everyone was ready and eager to do the deed. To really enhance the experience, I managed to get all three of these guys into the office after hours late one Friday night. I was pretty tight with the guy who worked security that evening, so he was more than willing to cover my butt under one condition: he was able to participate. It's not like there was any work for him to do that late anyway. I told him as long as he wore a shirt and tie to dress the part, he was more than welcome to join in interviewing the girl and give us a perfect number of five men for this one ambitious girl.

The night of the gangbang, Brandon in security grinned from ear to ear as he let my buddies and me into the office. Brandon was a big dude, about 6'5", albeit thin. He was African American too, so he would add a little interracial action to the mix. The rest of us were of pretty average stature, between 5'10" and 6'2". Gus was a little heavy set, but the rest of us were thin and in great shape. Regardless, we'd all be able to give Abby as much as she could handle so she could really prove her worth to the company.

We had all worn shirts, ties and dress pants to play the part. Jack sported a sharp jacket to go with it, so I gave him a hard time about trying to outdo me. After checking up on the dress code for tonight, some small talk ensued before we headed to the conference room where the interview was to take place. I told Brandon that Abby would be here in about 10 minutes and asked him to escort her to the conference room once she arrived. One thing I loved about Abby was that she was always on time for work, contrary to the stereotype for women.

The guys and I sat around the table for several minutes and shot the shit before we heard a feminine voice coming from the hallway while being accompanied by the deep voice of our black friend. The door, already open a crack, swung in wide to first reveal Brandon, who had changed into the proper attire of shirt, tie and dress pants. Then out from beside him entered cute Miss Abigail and her 5'4" frame. Everyone in the room went silent.

Abby had taken the dress code very seriously. She wore another one of those button-down collared blouses, this one pink and a size or two too small for a real interview. She had it unbuttoned down to almost her stomach, and she didn't have a shirt underneath, so I could make out a white lace bra underneath covering her boobs, which seemed to be ready to burst out of the tight garment. From there, she wore a black miniskirt that barely covered her panties. Her slender legs were bare down to her four-inch open-toe high heels that were jet black. Everything on her appeared brand new. Along with the outfit, she wore silver jewelry around her neck and both wrists, and her light brown hair was full and bright, curled down to her shoulders, still complete with blond streaks.

"Damn, man," said Gus. "I think I'm in love."

"Aren't you cold in that?" said Moe, who had a point since it was about 30 degrees outside, and the heat in the conference room never seemed to work right.

"I'm sure you boys can keep me warm," Abby said seductively as she strutted over and took her seat at the table while Brandon closed the door and then joined us men at the table. Once we were all seated, some cheesy innuendos and double entendre followed from my buddies who were as giddy as school girls as they anticipated the debauchery that would ensue. I remained confidently silent as I let the conversation play out. Abby was giggling and blushing throughout the course of the next few minutes until I finally announced the beginning of the formal interview process.

As Abby got up from her seat and down to her knees to prepare for her "oral presentation," I reminded her that her enthusiasm would have everything to do with her performance in this interview. While group sex was always hot, nothing was to be compared to teaming up with other guys to fuck a girl who reveled in the depravity. Being a fairly timid girl, Abby, in my estimation, may have needed the encouragement. However, as from her knees she unbuttoned the rest of her blouse, Abby assured me she was eager to do anything we wanted to her to do.

With that frilly white bra exposed and her blouse open and hanging from her shoulders, Abby waited on her knees as five belts came free and five pairs of pants were undone. We approached and surrounded the young girl, who was soon buried underneath five erect cocks that were poking out, waiting for the first part of the interview. I was stationed in the prime real estate, right in front of my employee. We boys made a circle around the girl, completely closing her in and giving her plenty of meat from which to choose.

A bit to my surprise, Abby dove right in. She elevated herself just enough, her knees scratching a bit against the forest green carpet beneath them, so that those bright green eyes came just above the numerous phalluses that encircled her. Amid the mutters of multiple aroused men who were looking down at her, Abby immediately reached for the lone black cock with one hand and then Gus's with her other hand and went right to stroking them as she grinned and looked up at both of them. The men sighed and complimented Abby while her hands slid up and down the thick, erect members, making sure they were nice and straight for her. Then, while still jerking off the other men, Abby leaned forward and opened her mouth. I guided my cock into the open cavity and then let go to set her off to work.

"Hot damn," someone muttered. I couldn't really tell who it was because I was too entranced watching Abby suck me off while stroking off two other cocks. Her hair shifted forward and back as her head bobbed back and forth while she slurped on my cock. She did her best to take as much of me into her mouth while still vigorously beating off the other men, who were strangers to her before tonight, and I must say she was performing admirably.

For the next several moments, Abby made her rounds, polishing off all five knobs while never losing breath or stamina. At one point, she ended up with her back toward me as she blew off Jack and beat off Moe and Gus, so I took the opportunity to reach under her shirt, which hung loosely from her body anyway, and unlatched her bra. The boys liked that move and voiced their approval. The garment was strapless, so I was able to pull it away from the girl completely and toss it aside while Abby continued her duty. Eventually, she turned back around and rubbed my cock, this time with her nice boobs in plain view beneath her open blouse. Her breasts jiggled back and forth as her hands slid up and down two shafts and her head bobbed up and down Gus's cock.

When Abby had come full circle back to sucking my cock and beating off Brandon and Gus, I gently pulled on her hair and asked her what she was expecting from this interview. She pulled away from my cock, causing me to react by taking my dick in my hand and lightly slapping it against her cheek as she responded: "Are you all going to fuck me hard?"

"Gentlemen?" I said.

"Yeah!" all four said in unison.

"Are you all going to fuck me at the same time?" The whole time she continued to stroke Brandon and Gus, although a little more slowly, while I steadily smacked her cheek with my hard cock.

"Yeah!"

"Are you going to make me nice and airtight and fuck my mouth, ass and pussy all at the same time?" This girl knew what I liked.

A jumbled mess of "Fuck yeahs" and "Hell yeahs" erupted from the group. Abby was really cranking up the sexy, even beyond what I had hoped!

"And when you're done," she finished, letting go of the pricks that had been in her hand, "can all of you pretty please cum all over my face?" I'd forgotten just how well this girl knew how to turn me on.
