 Author's Note: This story contains scenes of gay and lesbian sex. If you are offended by this, then please do not read.

*

Nick awoke an undetermined amount of time later. It took him a few moments to realize where he was and what he was doing there, but as he saw Jessica sleeping underneath him he very quickly remembered everything. They were still in the limo, lying on the floor, and they had shared a night of unbridled passion together. He had to rub his eyes to make sure she was actually lying there, and it wasn't just a dream; it wasn't. He was actually here, lying with the girl of his dreams. He didn't want to move, but when he checked his watch he realized that it was actually an hour later, and people were probably beginning to wonder where they were.

He got up to get dressed, and the movement stirred Jessica from her sleep. She looked up and also seemed to be getting her bearings. When she saw him, putting his pants on, she remembered and smiled. "Wow," was all she could manage to say.

Nick nodded his head as he did up the zipper and then rummaged around for his shirt. "Amazing," he said quietly. By now Jessica was getting up, too. She cleaned herself off (she had gotten a little... sticky after their encounter) and also began to dress herself, also realizing how long they had been absent from the party. By the time she was finished dressing, Nick was still trying to find the jacket of his suit. She came up behind him and wrapped her arms around him, resting her head against his back. He stopped dead for a moment, and just took the moment in, caressing her hands with his own. "Come on," he said after what seemed like an eternity of pleasure. "We should get going. People are probably wondering where we've been."

Jessica nodded quietly and grabbed her lover's jacket from one of the leather seats behind her. She slipped it onto him, and together they stepped out of the limo, careful to make sure they hadn't left any evidence behind. The fresh air outside seemed boring compared to the experience they had shared. Though neither of them said it, they would both give anything to go back into that limo right then and there and do it all over again. They knew they couldn't, however; they had to get back into the dining room and try to explain where they had been for the last hour.

They entered the ballroom together. It would have seemed weird, perhaps, except for the fact that John had cheated on Jessica, and she wouldn't mind if everyone knew it. They didn't just enter as friends, either; they were holding each other's hands as they walked in. Of course, they did not hint at what they had just done. They simply walked in as though they were at the prom together.

There was the problem that only one seat was still available at Nick's table: his. However, Jessica didn't really want to go back to her table (more than a few of the people sitting there were John's best friends, who would defend him through thick and thin), so she opted to sit on Nick's lap. It was a little awkward, but Nick couldn't have been happier. Of course, the whole thing turned a few heads at their table.

Danny was the first to smile and nod his head. "Well, looks like everything worked out after all."

Nick smiled and squeezed Jessica's hand. "You might say that," he said contently. Jessica didn't doubt it, either, but she happened to catch a glimpse of John with his whore, Carrie, with whom he had completely cheated on her just an hour or so earlier. This distressed her. She knew that it was a good thing overall, because it meant she could see Nick in a way she never dreamed possible before... still, a part of her wished that it could have come about under different circumstances.

Catching Jessica's distant glance, Danny turned to see what she was looking at, and quickly noticed John and Carrie dirty-dancing on the dance floor. He shook his head and turned back around, looking towards her. "Don't worry about him," he consoled to Jessica. "I was talking with a couple of his friends and they're really pissed off about what he did to you."

She looked at him and smiled. "Thanks," she said, and she ran her hands along Nick's arms absentmindedly, leaning back and enjoying the moment. She had to just forget about John and move on.

Suddenly, the DJ started to play Gwen Stefani's "Hollaback Girl", and Danny date, Charlene, let out a cry of excitement. "Oh, I love this song!" She hopped out of her chair and pulled Danny out of his. "Come on, let's go dance." The man rolled his dark brown eyes and succumbed, getting up and moving to the dance floor with her, but not before motioning for Nick and Jessica to follow. They did so, and all four of them were dancing together within moments.

When the song ended, Jessica and Charlene said they were going to go get some drinks, and asked would Nick and Danny like something. The boys nodded and told them what they'd like before moving back towards the table. "So," Danny said suddenly, breaking the silence. "Got lucky, did you?"

"Yeah," Nick said, misunderstanding his friend. "I mean, I'm sorry about what that bastard did to her, but I think it turned out for the best."

"I'll say..." Danny chuckled. "And on the floor of the limo, too..."

Nick stopped dead in his tracks. His mouth suddenly became dry, and his eyes were wide. "What did you say?"

Danny, who had moved a few steps ahead, turned around and smiled. He shook his head; his wavy black hair flipped from side to side. "We saw you. Charlene and I. We were going to the limo to have a little fun, only you two had beaten us to the punch."

Nick did everything he could to suppress a gasp. It was then that he realized he had forgotten to lock the door. He hadn't seen the two of them enter, so they must have done so while he and Jessica were asleep. Nick turned all sorts of shades of red all at once, and he could feel his heart rate increasing by the second. Had Danny told anyone else? Of course, Nick wanted people to know, but at the same time he didn't. He was very confused.

"Oh, calm down," Danny said bluntly after a few seconds. "You're practically hyperventilating. I haven't told anybody, if that's what you're worried about." Nick breathed a sigh of relief. "Hell, I'm a bit jealous. That's the sort of thing that only happens in movies, you know?" 

Nick nodded his head in agreement. It really was. You ask the girl out, you find out she's going with somebody else, that person winds up being a scumbag, and you get the girl after all. It doesn't sound like something that happens in every day life... but it happened to him. Perhaps he was being repaid some kind of karmic debt.

By this point, the ladies were back with everyone's drinks, and they all moved over to the table to sit down. While they were there, they chatted and drank happily, but Nick occasionally noticed that Danny and Charlene were passing glances at him, Jessica, and each other. Maybe he was just hallucinating, but he found it a little odd nevertheless. It couldn't have been the drinks; they weren't allowed to have anything alcoholic because they were still only 18 and the school would be in major trouble if they ordered the serving of alcohol.

The hours whittled away, and the four of them spent those hours with a mixture of drinking, talking, and dancing to the fast and slow music alike. They all had a wonderful time; Nick and Jessica in particular. They were not only having fun, but they were both deeply happy that they had finally found each other.

However, as they say, all good things must come to an end: and so did the prom. It came gradually, as people filed out of the ballroom, couple by couple, table by table. Eventually, the group of four also took their leave of the magical evening. Danny was having an after-party at his house, and Nick had already been invited. Danny said that of course Jessica was invited; she accepted happily, because for one thing she didn't want to leave Nick now that she had found him, and for another thing she didn't want to attend the party she had planned to go to, for much the same reason that she didn't want to sit at her table.

It took a good few minutes of rapping on the window to get the driver to finally wake up, and he did so with a start. Danny told him that they wanted to go back home now, and after making sure the driver knew the way, everyone filed into the back seat happily. Nick and Jessica could tell that each other was worried that someone besides Danny and Charlene would find something that hinted at their previous escapade. However, be it because everyone was having such a good time, or because they were too busy getting drunk on whatever was left in the mini-fridge, or because Nick and Jessica had simply hidden the evidence too well, nobody noticed (or at least said) anything.

In just a few minutes they were back at Danny's house. The driver apparently had an easier time getting back there now that he had been there once before. Everyone climbed out of the door, which the driver held open for them very gallantly. They were all a bit tipsier than they had been when they entered, but he didn't seem to notice. Danny fumbled a bit with his keys, but eventually unlocked the door. He turned on the lights and stepped inside. Everyone kicked off their shoes, which for the most part were remarkably uncomfortable after a long night of dinner and dancing. They rounded the corner and stepped into the living room, splitting toward the various couches and chairs to sit and snuggle and discuss the evening. Of course, there were snacks and drinks enough to go around: Danny's parents weren't home, and so there would be no reprimanding about anyone getting drunk. Everyone had their fair share of beer, wine, or whatever was available.

Nick and Jessica were only half-involved in the discussions, though (but fully involved in the drinking). They couldn't stop whispering things into each other's ears. Sweet things, dirty things, naughty things, you name it. It wasn't unusual because everyone who had a date was doing much the same thing. As well, every now and again couples would slip upstairs and disappear for the rest of the night. Before long, Nick and Jess could contain themselves no longer. A mixture of the drinks and their lust for each other pulled them upstairs.

As they toppled the flight of stairs, they found a long hallway, both sides of which were plastered with doors leading to the various rooms of the house. Danny's family wasn't home, so everyone had the run of the second floor to themselves. It was a big house, to boot, and there was a nice selection of locales for the late-night fucking.

Nick and Jess were far too horny to stop and consider which room they'd take, however. They moved to the end of the hall and opened a random door, slid inside, and shut and locked it behind them. The turned and headed toward the king size bed that was in the room, but were shocked to see Danny and Charlene making out on top of it. They both gasped and turned around to leave, blurting their "I'm sorry"s, but Danny and Charlene stopped them.

"No, you don't have to leave," Danny said. He sat up on the bed, and both of them could see him fully. He still had his pants on, but was minus his shirt. He was a bit thinner than Nick, but his body was rippled and he was much more athletic. His tan also gave him a certain quality. Even Nick, who considered himself straight, was feeling turned on just by looking at his friend.

Charlene was completely naked by now, however. She had a thin, attractive body with large, perky breasts. Her hair was black, and it fell down to her shoulders in curly locks, matching her brown eyes. There was something of a wet spot on the bed underneath her, caused by her dripping pussy.

Charlene waved them over. "Come on over. There's room for all of us on here."

Nick and Jess were far too horny and perhaps a bit too drunk to refuse. They both moved over and slid onto the bed, a bit higher up than Danny and Charlene. Once everyone was comfortable, Charlene pushed Danny onto his back and started undoing his pants. Meanwhile, Jessica repeated the routine from earlier in the night, and starting tearing away Nick's clothes piece by piece. Her dress was more difficult to rid her of, so Nick waited until she had freed him of his clothing before starting on her. First, off came his jacket and shirt; she had taken them off once before and so was pretty knowledgeable in how to do it quickly this time. He felt so great to have his chest freed from the stuffy clothing he had been wearing all night. Jess ran her hands along his pecs and abs as she leaned forward to kiss him passionately.

She slowly slid down his body, kissing his neck, pecs, abs, and waist as she moved for his pants. These were undone with ease, and slid down his firm, toned legs to reveal a tent in his already-wet boxer shorts. The tent was, of course, created by his 8" cock, longing to be freed from its prison. Jessica rubbed her lover's groin through the soft fabric, but denied him the pleasure of freeing his member just yet.

By now, Charlene had made short work of Danny's pants and boxers. The two of them were lying beside Nick and Jess, and Nick only had to turn his head just a little to see the beast that erupted from within Danny's underwear. His dick was a bit longer than Nick's, and about the same thickness, but his balls were amazing and hairy, and the tanned colour of his skin carried onto his cock as well, making it almost irresistible. For some reason, Nick felt himself getting even harder at the sight of his best friend's swollen member, being stroked by his girlfriend.

The brown-haired boy sat up and turned to Jessica, who had also turned around to put her back to him. She lifted up her long, blonde locks of hair to reveal the zipper to her dress, which Nick undid quickly. His cock rubbed against the soft fabric of her dress and this almost sent him over the edge, but thankfully she pulled it away before he came prematurely. Standing at the edge of the bed, Jess unfastened her bra and slid them off along with her panties, while Nick propped his head up and watched her lustfully. When she had finished, she turned around and faced him with her gorgeous face, perky tits, and swollen pussy.

Jess lay down on the bed beside Nick, and he flipped over so that he was on top of her. For just a moment he buried his head between her breasts as he made his way down her body. Soon he was kneeling on the carpeted floor of the room and his face was buried between his lover's smooth, silky legs. His tongue instinctually darted into her vagina, searching for her clit and playing with it like a punching bag. Although he had never done this before, he had seen it in movies, and apparently he was doing something right, because Jess was writhing in ecstasy in front of him. He had to hold her legs down to keep her from thrashing about.

"Oh yeah... lick me, baby... eat me out, you fucker!"

The dirty words spurred Nick on, and he licked faster, swirling his tongue around Jessica's swollen clit. He drove her over the edge, and soon his face was awash in her musky juices, and his head was filled with her screaming and moaning.

Beside them, Danny was the one getting pleasured. Charlene was bobbing her head up and down on his powerful cock, and he was guiding her with his hand, directing the speed of her movements. From the way he was rolling his eyes and licking his lips, Nick could tell that his friend was enjoying himself. When he started bucking his hips, Nick knew that he was close to cumming, but Charlene didn't want any of that. She slid her lips off her lover's member and stood up before sliding onto the bed.

Meanwhile, Charlene had positioned herself on top of Danny, and his hands were on her hips, guiding her pussy onto his throbbing dick. He screamed and scrunched up his face as he penetrated her, and she let out a quick cry of bliss. Soon, Charlene started sliding up and down Danny's love wand, twisting herself a little bit to make the experience more pleasurable for both of them. Nick and Jess just watched in awe. Clearly these two had done this before; their screams made it obvious that they were having fun.

"Oh... fuck... Charlene, I think I'm... I'm—" Danny was cut off by a loud groan of pleasure. His expression told Nick that he was having a powerful orgasm, and the fact that he momentarily stopped thrusting into Charlene's pussy told him that he was cumming. He could see juices flowing down over the condom, which alerted him to the fact that Charlene had come, too.

The four of them lay side by side on the bed, breathing heavily and looking at each other. Nick was closest to the head of the bed, and when Danny looked over he saw that his friend was still hard. "That's right," he said, "you haven't had your turn yet." 

Jessica was apparently so enthralled by her powerful orgasm that she had forgotten all about this, and she looked ashamed as she got up. Danny had already crawled over, however, and he pushed her back down gently onto the bed. Nick apparently hadn't heard anything they said, however, and he was still amazed at what he had just witnessed: first he had sucked off his own prom date, and then he witnessed his best friend fucking his girlfriend. It was a lot to take in.

He snapped out of his reverie, however, when he felt a set of lips close around his rock-hard cock. His eyes rolled back into his head as he enjoyed the sensation. "Mmmm... that's good."

When he opened his eyes, however, he saw that Jessica was still lying down beside him, breathing heavily and gazing into his eyes with affection. He looked down and was shocked to see that it was Danny's head bobbing up and down on his member! Now, Nick had never considered that he would like something like this, but Danny clearly knew what he was doing: either he had done it before, or he had had it done to him so often that he knew the intricacies of it. Whatever the cause, he was fucking amazing. They say that guys give better blowjobs because they know what feels good and what doesn't, anyway. This was certainly true in this case.

"Now, I just need to know what all that commotion was about over there," Charlene piped in. She crawled over the bed and positioned herself over Nick's head, burying his head beneath her legs. For a moment he thought he would drown in the juices that were still leaking from her, but once he had regained his bearings his tongue went to work again, this time inside Charlene's pussy. For some reason, Nick didn't even think about whether Danny or Jessica would mind; apparently, neither one did. Jessica even got up and moved over to Charlene, and the two of them kissed passionately on the lips. Nick could just barely see their breasts pressed up against each other whenever Charlene bucked her hips.

One of Nick's hands found its way down to Danny's head, and he grabbed a fistful of hair gently in his fingers to guide the man's already-skillful movements. Danny was, quite plainly, something of a master (although Nick didn't have much of a frame of reference). He teased his friend's cock, bringing it to the edge of exploding and then leaving it alone, wanting more.

Nick's other hand reached up for the only vacant pussy in the room: Jessica's. She was already rubbing herself, but he joined in the fun, and together they seemed to find a spot that Jess herself didn't even know was there; he had never heard her screech like that before. Charlene was having fun, too, as evidenced by the moans that she erupted into Jessica's mouth. Having done this just before, Nick knew a thing or two about how it worked, and he found Charlene's pleasure spot pretty easily. His tongue thrusted in and out of her vagina like a mini-cock, and this drove her over the edge.

"Oh my GOD... lick my clit! Yes, please! Mmmmmm!!" And with that, she unleashed another wave of juices onto Nick's hungry face.
