 May 5th

Vic's cock felt so good sliding inside of me. Little by little he teased it in, allowing my tight pussy to stretch around its impressive girth. His dick always makes my pussy feel so full. Nothing gives me more pleasure than the feel of his cock rubbing against the walls of my vagina. 

Exposing his sadistic streak he spent at least a minute rubbing his swollen penis head against the outside of my slit, smiling the entire time as I bucked my hips up in an effort to swallow his hard cock with my moist pussy. He even had the audacity to smile as I pleaded with both words and movements to bury his thick cock inside of me. But once he granted that wish, the pent up energy of all that waiting was so electric, so powerful that it sent shivers up my spine. I could only enjoy the games he played upon my body. 

He hooked his arm behind my right knee and bent it back towards my chest, enjoying the flexibility that seven years of cheerleading had brought. With my right leg in the air, he took a moment to kiss the back of my lower leg before pushing his cock all the way up and to the hilt causing my back to arch in pure bliss. My full breasts jutted out, the turgid dark rose buds pointing towards my lover's firm chest. I threw my hands back behind my head as I closed my eyes and allowed his strong hands and penetrating member to master me, to seize control of my body with each pump of his steady hips. His powerful rod just drilled through my wet pussy. The friction between his rock hard cock and my snug channel caused sparks to fly in my brain and a deep moan to shoot out of my mouth.

"You like that don't you," Vic urged me on increasing the pace of his thundering thrusts. The iron frame of my bed grew louder as his body rammed into me, slapping violently against my soft flesh. I grabbed hold of his straining left arm. His triceps bulging under the effort of his labor. I grasped the unyielding muscle anchoring myself against his steady attack, every ounce of his strength focused on delivering pleasure to my open sex. I could feel my orgasm building up just as I could feel his sweat drip onto my chest, and sense the impending explosion growing inside of him.

"Look at me," I commanded bringing his gaze upon my own. I locked my eyes on his light green gems, telling him in my favorite way how much I wanted, how much I savored, how much I needed his thick cock inside of me. And he answered back with a brilliant intensity of how much pleasure I offered him. As always the potency of his emerald stare proved too much for my body, rocketing my mind into the atmosphere with an all engulfing orgasm. A deep moaned rolled out of my body and caressed his ears. My convulsing inner walls squeezed his cock and triggered his own release, his warm cum flooding my snug sex. His eyes maintained contact with my own as his face contorted under the ecstasy of the moment, both our bodies alive with pleasure.

The last spasm of his cock complete, he relaxed his sweaty body against my own. I felt his heavy breath on my collarbone as I rubbed his taut back. In stark contrast to the violence of or union he gently eased his flaccid member out of my dripping pussy and rolled over on to his back. I adjusted my position so I could nestle against his chest, my fingers twirling strands of his coarse underarm hair, my mind comforted by the masculine smell rising from his body. 

Three weeks had passed since I first opened my apartment door for him. The affair, which started as a fantasy enacted, had evolved into something more, at least for me, no matter how hard I tried to fight it. I had no idea where his mind was at that moment coming down from the bliss of a few minutes ago, probably still focused on that physical pleasure. And even though I had way too much pride to be that naive young girl who asks the naked man lying next to them, "what are you thinking?", I couldn't help but desire the answer. But for the moment I allowed myself to be satisfied with the caressing hand soothing my back with steady strokes. The same hand, which was absent the wedding ring that, caused my anxiety.

It's insane, I know. My professor, a married man. The risks involved in him just knocking on my front door were overwhelming. His professional career, his marriage, he had everything ahead of him. A big bright future, love and professional respect. 

Yet he was risking it all for me. How could that not be a turn on? How could I not lay my body next to his and feel that it was more than a fantasy fulfilled. How could I believe that when he kisses me gently on the lips to say, "I'll see you tonight", that it was just another act in a relationship which amounted to nothing more than a fling, nothing different than a hundred other cases of students and their teachers. Everything I knew, everything I had experienced in my life told me I was descending into a lie, but that voice remained. That tiny voice, which kept the hope that my delusion could be my reality alive.

"I'm going to get a glass of water, did you want anything?" asked Vic as he detached from my clutches and slid on his pants. I gazed up on him, a satisfied smile on my face and shook my head, rolling onto the warm depression he left in the bed. I buried my face in the light blue sheets and breathed in his musky scent, which remained as he quietly walked out my bedroom door.

I must have dozed off for a bit because my next conscious memory was of Vic kissing me on the cheek. I purred my delight at his touch, but still attempted to recapture my slumber. But Vic wasn't interested in sleep. I could tell the moment he eased on to half of my naked body, his cock, stiff as a pole, pressing against my backside. He kissed me again, this time on the side of my neck, a long sucking kiss, as his hands ran eagerly over my back. Drowsily I began to roll over to my front, but his powerful hands stopped me, pinning me face forward against the bed.

"I want you just like that," he whispered in my ear as he nibbled on my tender earlobe.

"What," was all I could dreamily say as I felt his body slink down on top of me, his thick cock sliding along the crease of my cheeks.

"Right from behind," he ordered lifting my light waist up.

"What are you doing?" I lightheartedly replied, as I obliged his request positioning my ass in the air, my head still buried in the sheets.

"I think you know what I'm doing," he answered with a hint of mischief.

I reached back and took hold of his cock, wrapping my fingers around its thickness, "Mmmm... and I like where its heading,". I guided his cock down towards the apex of my thighs.

"Not there," he answered removing my hand from his dick, rubbing my left cheek with his hand.

"Then where?" I feigned innocence, knowing perfectly well where he intended to enter me, the expectation making me wet.

"Somewhere a little bit different," he slyly replied sneaking a finger between my split butt cheeks and finding the rim of my asshole causing me to jump with the surprising touch of that delicate spot.

"Not there," I continued my innocent southern belle charade, my body betraying my mind's true intention as it shivered with excitement. For some reason I hadn't expected Vic to propose this position, or at least not in such a spontaneous way. I expected him to introduce, discuss, and convince, like he was presenting an idea in class, not pin me down on to the bed and command me to do whatever he says, whatever he wants. 

But I was glad I had been wrong. When he is with me he's not my professor. And I am not his student. Degrees don't matter when you're naked, just desire, and at this moment we both desired the feel of his cock penetrating me from behind. With an experienced partner anal sex is the absolute best, and I knew Vic was that partner. So I spread wide for him as he wet a finger with his own saliva and probed the opening of my puckered hole.

"Yes there," Vic replied leaning over me to whisper in my ear, his thick member pressing against my ass with an ominous heaviness. He was really going to stretch me out. 

"It's going to feel so good," is all I could think as I kept my head down preparing for a great fuck down, for the pleasure along with a little bit of pain.

"Look what I found in your drawer," playfully announced Vic as he showed me the thick black dildo that I kept in my nightstand. I might have been a little embarrassed any other time, but in my position he could have pulled out anything short of a wooden leg and it would have only fed my desire.

"I have no idea how that got in my room," I continued my fair maiden role.

"Sure," Vic laughed as he rubbed it along my ass cheeks. "It's pretty impressive. I wonder if I could fit it all in,".

"Why don't you try it, maybe on yourself?" I challenged him sarcastically.

"Another night maybe, tonight I think it has your name written all over it,".

"I think something else has my name written all over it," I eagerly asked growing impatient with his games.

"Patience," he replied as he snuck one finger inside my pussy, and probed the outside of my asshole with the rubber cock. He continued to play with me, dropping the dildo and slowly inserting a wet finger, penetrating both orifices with his digits. He was so skillful with his fingers that in no time he had me completely relaxed, in fact with his finger alone he had me building an orgasm.

"I think you're ready for something more," he said as he took his right hand away from my anus and grabbed a tube of lubricant he had waiting on the bed. He took both hands off of me as he slicked the dildo and my relaxed hole with a healthy dose.

I was prepared for the first shock of pain as he eased the rubber cock into my asshole, relaxed or not. But at the same time he rubbed my clit, masking the slight pain with an equal amount of pleasure. He squeezed the head in with an assertive push shocking my body again as I let out a small groan.

I could sense him hesitate as he heard the discomfort in my voice, but I urged him on, "Don't stop, don't stop keep going,". So he inched it in a little more stretching the tight hole around it. He brought it back a little bit then pushed it in some more, the pain melting away with each second it invaded my body. He kept it up, slowly increasing the pace. The exquisite sensation rampaging through my spine.

"Don't make me wait any longer! Fuck me" I gasped out.

"You wanna feel me all the way inside of you? taunted Vic as he slid the toy deeper into my ass.

"Yes, Oh yes," I moaned out.

"Well here you go sweetheart," he said as he removed the dildo and replaced it quickly with his pulsating cock.. The feel of his live flesh squeezed through my tight hole unimaginably greater than the cold feel of dead rubber.

Vic audibly groaned after shoving himself in. "That feels so incredible," he breathed out slowly.

But I was already primed and ready to go, I had no intention of allowing him to grow accustomed to the feel. I wanted to get off, and I wanted him to give it to me now. I rubbed my ass into his crotch, his cock slithering all the way into me, or at least as far as I could take it. I let out a long moan to accompany his penetrating member.

I felt him cautiously begin to draw it out, so I let him know what I wanted, "Harder, Vic, Harder,". He didn't respond in words, but with a brutish pump of his hips. A move which took all the air out of my moan. 

"Like that?" he asked with a fierce assault of my rear.

"Like that," I let a guttural groan roll out. 

He grasped my hips as he drove into my body, pushing me down into the soft bed. I used a pillow to muffle the moans escaping my mouth, but he paused to reach down and throw it across the room, "I want to hear how good it feels,".

And he did along with everyone else in the building as well. I grunted stroke for stroke, my body rippling with the power of his muscular frame ramming into me. When an orgasm like no other orgasm before it tore through my body I shrieked out his name without an ounce of restraint. He followed close behind me his explosion coming with a noise like a punch to the gut. We both collapsed in our mutual bliss, his still spurting cock spreading warm cum all over my ass. 

Once recovered, we took a slow warm shower together, his hands gently caressing away the excess of our pleasure. The fact that he could transition so seamlessly from animalistic desire to the romance of a light touch and a tender kiss was just another reason why he had my head swimming every moment of the day.

May 6th

I could tell from the smile on my roommate's face the next morning, that I had indeed serenaded the building the night before.

"Good morning, Katie. Sleep well last night?" Erin sarcastically began.

"Jealous?". I responded back.

"You better believe it. Next time send him over to my room after your done with him. God knows I could use a little of what you were getting last night. The two of you were really going at it"

"You can't even imagine,"

"I think I could come up with a pretty good picture,"

"He was amazing last night. Everything he did...I mean he just...,".

"Rocked your world,"

"I know its corny, but its true. It was..."

"Perfect?".

"Exactly,"

"I believe you. Anyone that can make you scream like that must be doing something right,".

"I just can't believe how well he's able to just know what I want. He doesn‘t even have to ask he just knows it,"

"He fucked you in the ass last night, didn't he?".

"Erin!"

"Don't play cute with me you little freak. I know all about that secret."

"God it was great," I finally responded a wide grin appearing on my face. 

"Look at you, you're such a little ho,"

"Please, don't act all innocent, Ms. Double Stuff,"

"Oh no you didn't. You didn't just go there,"

"I did,"

"Well maybe next time you can jump in on the fun," Erin replied with a devilish grin.

"Maybe I will,"

"Really?". she called my bluff staring intently at me.

"Nice try, you almost got me there," I broke the momentary silence with a quick chuckle, as I diverted my eyes from hers.

"What makes your think I'm kidding?" she didn't let me off the hook so easily, her eyes remaining focused upon me.

"C'mon,"

"Vic seemed interested," Erin blurted out.

"What are you talking about?" I quickly switched from a timid innocence, to an alarmed defensive posture.

"Last night, your little boy toy seemed a little interested when I talked to him about it in the kitchen. Or intrigued as he would probably put it," she answered relishing the impact of her words on my face.

"When did you.." I asked in confusion.

"How do you think he found out about your little fetish? And let me guess he found something else in your room as well,"

"You didn't,"

"I did. Why are you acting all surprised? You're not getting serious about him are you?"

"No, but still,"

"If you're just fooling around with him, why not spice up the action a little bit?"

"But he's still my..."

"Wait a second. He's not yours anything. Or did you forget about the ring on his finger."

"That's a little unfair,"

"You know it wouldn't just be about him. Aren't you a little interested in being with," she didn't finish the sentence allowing me to do that mentally.

"What did he say about it?" I asked often a short pause, refusing to let her inaction with Vic go unexplained.

"Like I said he sounded interested," she calmly replied.

"C'mon tell me what happened, everything, the whole story,"

"Okay than I'll tell you the whole story," I could tell from the excitement in her voice and the smile on her face that she was waiting for the offered opportunity, "Last night when I heard your door open, I peeked out of mine and saw him walking to the kitchen with just his pants on. What a body. Anyways I was a little jealous I'll admit it. You know I wanted him first. So I thought it would be harmless to go out and maybe flirt with him a little bit, just for fun I wasn't trying to seduce him or anything,"

"Really, what were you wearing?" I asked skeptically.

"Nothing special, just your little workout shorts, you know the white ones with the writing on the butt, and a little pink tank top, nothing he hadn‘t seen me in before," just picturing her walking out there in that skimpy outfit made my blood boil.

"Like I said I wasn't trying to seduce him. I walked over to him in the kitchen. He turned around and said hi. I gave him a little smirk letting him know I heard everything you guys were doing in there. He tried some small talk, but it was pointless. I mean I could smell the sex on him. Why would I want to talk about my western civ class? I'll be honest and say I initiated a little contact,"

"What‘d you mean?"

"You know, I put my hand on his arm. I brushed my leg against his pants,"

"Erin! I thought you said you weren't trying to come onto him,"

"Don't worry, I was just flirting with him a little nothing major. Anyways, I notice him kind of flexing his chest and stomach, not like the idiots in the gym, but in a kind of subtle self-conscious way. So I kind of said something about how nice his body looked and I ran a hand across his chest,"

"Erin!"

"Don't freak out. It wasn't sexual, kind of like this," she said as rather spontaneously she ran her hand across my chest. Her touch caught me off guard, but I was way too focused on the story to even stop and consider her action, "But I noticed him growing a little uneasy. Actually I noticed the bulge growing in his slacks. So naturally I make a comment about it, I mean it was pretty obvious, you are one lucky girl. He's so cute, he actually turned all red and tried to hedge his way out, but I got in his way before he could escape. He said something like ‘I should probably go back to bed' and I said, just jokingly ‘maybe you should come to mine,"

"You said what?"

"I said it as a joke, relax. He kind of nervously laughed, but didn't say anything like he didn't know what to say so I thought I'd step it up a bit and said ‘and maybe you should bring Katie as well,' he really froze after I said that and gave me a look like he was trying to figure out if I was serious. To let him know I was serious I kind of patted his crotch and gave him a look, you know that look I give when I'm ready to fuck,"

"I can't believe you,"

"What?"

"You were trying to fuck him, don't try and pretend like you were just playing some game or any other phony excuse. You're just telling me this to cover yourself if he tells me. I can't believe you would betray me like this,"

"Calm down, Katie, Jesus. You're really losing your mind,"

"Shut up Erin, I've heard enough," and with those last angry words I turned around and stormed out of the kitchen and into my room. I was really upset, upset with Erin, upset with Vic, and upset with myself for falling into the situation. I knew Erin was right. I knew I shouldn't be so possessive about Vic, but its so hard not too. And even he is not my man, Erin had no right to act the way she did. I was furious 

Vic called a number of times that night, but I ignored all his calls, and I didn't even leave my room to eat dinner. I fell asleep burdened with too many conflicting emotions to really allow me to sleep. Instead I hovered between slumber and consciousness. Needless to say it was a horrible night.

May 7th

I talked to Vic today, of course not in class, we had both agreed to limit our contact on campus, but on the phone before lecture. He said he called the night before to see if I was free, but I hadn't answered. I was surprised by how little resentment I felt towards him, that calm steady voice really did have amazing powers over me. I lied and told him I was busy with an assignment. As a professor himself he understood, but I could hear the eagerness in his asking, "When can I see you?" I told him Friday, giving me two days to figure out my thoughts. He said his wife would be attending a conference in San Diego, so he would be free all weekend. I shivered slightly from the guilt the phrase, "My wife," provoked.
