 Ch. 03

Damage control done, it's time for fun...

Author's note: This is Part 3 of a 3-part story arc, and a light look at alien botanicals rather than the usual Nonhuman Vamps, Weres and mythical creatures. It is a continuation of Parts 1 & 2, which you should read first or most of this won't make sense. It isn't intended to make the "Reality Check" some readers find crucial. Rather, it is an exercise in Willing Suspension of Disbelief. In the interests of Full Disclosure, this one is mostly Post-Traumatic Orgy Ménage so it is going in the Group Sex category. Please vote -- it is like applause. It lets me know how I'm doing, pleasing you, the reader.

* ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ *

"Oh, fuck! Cumming! CUMMING!!!"

Josie's voice rang out in her living room as her body bucked and thrashed, pinned on her back between Ken underneath her and up her ass, and Sonja's fist in her pussy, her clit sucked deeply into Sonja's mouth.

It was near dawn and the night had been very educational.

They had, as planned, gotten Sonja's four plants back to the lab and into isolation. Josie and Sonja had collaborated on a report which fabricated some of the particulars, but included the hard data and threat assessment the Powers That Be would need. They'd left it with Security, telling them to notify the Director that there was a problem and the report would explain it, and that they were going to go get some sleep, having been working on it all day.

Ken had made his call, alerting whoever it was that needed alerting about the report about to be delivered and they'd headed back to Josie's, where she promised them a decent meal and a place to cavort. It turned out Josie's idea of the above significantly exceeded expectations.

Her idea of dinner was a gourmet four-cheese ravioli with a wine-and-meat sauce, side salads with creamy Italian dressing, spinach-stuffed mushrooms and a bottle of Chianti to wash it down.

Her idea of cavorting was even better.

It turned out Josie owned a three-bedroom ranch just outside Falls Church, and it was in her living room there that she got things started. The three were sitting in her living room, sipping on coffee and nibbling on Panforte, when Josie stood up and announced, "okay, so I've seen you two in your birthday suits, and then some. I'm impressed. It seems unfair that you haven't seen me in mine..."

As Sonja and Ken watched in amusement, Josie started to disrobe, revealing a very attractive, athletic body beneath her clothes -- which Sonja had expected would be the case. She was petite as Sonja had noticed, and somewhere between 5'2" and 5'4". She had long, silky blonde hair to her ass and a trim, almost chiseled body -- except for her tits and ass. She hid her bust very well in her work clothes and baggy casuals. Let loose au natural she had to be a 32C at least, and maybe a D. Her ass was round and firm and, along with her hips, a bit exaggerated, especially with her narrow waist. And like most of the younger girls, she was shaved. She was definitely female and both of her guests noticed.

"So, just to be blunt before we return to mundane conversation, I want to fuck both of you" Josie stated. "Sonja, your big boobs are just begging to be nestled in and nuzzled, and your scent is driving me crazy. When you were jacked up back there at the lab, I wanted to go down on you so bad, I ached. And Ken... woof! That is one major schlong you're packing there, buddy. I am praying you know how to pleasure a woman with it, because for me, size does matter and unfortunately, almost every male of my intimate acquaintance with prodigious equipment failed miserably in that department. Why is it that the small guys are the ones who know how to use it?"

"Anyway, I'm staying sans vêtements and we can all go back to our after-dinner conversation." She moved to sit back down on the couch next to Sonja and across from Ken.

"Well, I'd say top marks for direct communication," Ken smiled. "Before I join you au natural, though, may I ask, if it's a question of 'size matters' then why did the other 'big guys' fail to please you? What is it you're looking for, that you didn't get?"

"In raw terms, I need to be filled up to cum," Josie told him as she picked up her coffee and another Panforte. "I need to be over-filled, actually. And the guys I've had who were big enough to do that either forgot about, or had no idea about the existence of, my clit. I love all kinds of stimulation, from kissing to having my toes sucked, but if my clit isn't getting stimulated enough while I'm filled up, I can get close but I just can't trip over. It's that simple, and that frustrating."

"Then to play amateur psychologist for a minute," Ken told her, "the guys who were littler were better because they were trying to give you the additional stimulation they figured must be missing because they weren't bigger. But I don't think you'll have that problem here."

"Oh?" Josie eyed him skeptically.

"Oh!" Sonja echoed as an emphatic statement. "Trust me, Josie, he knows how to use it!"

"That's what I'm hoping to find out," Josie told Sonja seriously.

"Okay, you've answered my question," Ken told Josie, standing up. "My turn." He proceeded to slowly take his clothes off, not trying to tease but not in a hurry, either. As the shoes came off, they were placed next the couch, with each sock going into one of them. The pants were shaken out and folded neatly over the arm of the couch with his shirt following in similar form. When he finally slid down his briefs, both women were looking at him like a lioness looks at a fresh piece of meat. He folded them as well and placed them on top of the shirt and pants. Then he sat down.

"Oh, please, God, let him know what he's doing," Josie muttered.

"Well, you aren't going to find out if I'm still dressed," Sonja told her. "I've never done a threesome before, let alone a girl, and I will tell you right now I have no idea what I'm doing and I'm nervous as hell about doing it. But you helped save my ass... I guess you can have whatever you want from me. You're just going to have to give me some directions." She stood and began to strip as well.

"That will not be a problem," Josie affirmed as she watched Sonja strip. Even having seen her naked in the lab, she was still excited by and attracted to the redhead in a very visceral way.

Following Ken's lead, Sonja kicked off her shoes and put them and her socks next to the couch. Then she unbuttoned her jeans, dropped the zipper and wiggled out of them, having a bit of difficulty getting the sprayed on pants over her ample hips. She managed, though, and after stepping out of them, folded them up on the arm of the couch like Ken had. She was very aware, self-conscious might be a better term, of unbuttoning her blouse and taking it off, standing there in her bra and panties as she folded the shirt on top of her pants.

"Why is it so different disrobing in front of you two when it's like foreplay, and no problem when it's business?" she asked. "At the lab, being naked -- hell, being on my back with my legs spread -- was not a problem. And now... now I feel like an embarrassed teenage girl letting her boyfriend have a first look at her. Weird..."

"Because you've got two very interested people focused on you," Ken offered. "Trust me, you have nothing to be ashamed about. I have very fond mammaries... I mean, memories... of your luscious body and how it felt to be impaled in you."

Sonja sighed and undid the clasp on her bra.

"Yeah, I guess you probably remember these puppies pretty well," she admitted as she let her breasts fall loose from their constraints. "Just like I remember that phenomenal cock."

"I wouldn't call it phenomenal," Ken objected, but Josie cut him off.

"You let us be the judge of that!" she scolded him. "What would you know about whether it's phenomenal or not?"

"Okay..." Ken acceded. "Just trying to keep expectations within reason."

"Fair enough," Sonja told him, hooking her thumbs on her panties and bending over as she slid them down. "I feel like I have to apologize for being fat, compared to Josie."

"Oh, please don't apologize, girlfriend," Josie virtually breathed. "I like round and comfy just fine."

"Ditto," Ken added.

Sonja stood up and picked up her panties, putting them with her bra on top of her other clothes, then demurely walked back to the couch and sat down, picking up her coffee.

"Now," she said faux brightly, "where were we?"

"This reminds me of that old limerick," Ken smiled.

"A lady-boy up in Khartoum / took a Lesbian up to his room.They argued all night / as to who had the right / To do what, and with what and to whom."

"Well, you're definitely not a lady-boy," Josie commented, eyeing his naked body.

"No, but I am a bit of a voyeur," he replied. "How about I watch the two of you get acquainted for awhile?"

"You're a voyeur, too???" Sonja asked in astonishment. "Is there anything you don't do?"

"Oh, probably," Ken told her and left the rest of it hanging.

"Sonja, come here," Josie told her, patting the couch next to her. When Sonja complied with obvious reticence, Josie added, "are you freaked out that I want you?"

"Not really freaked out," Sonja admitted, "just nervous. I've never done anything with a woman before."

"Okay, then just ignore the man behind the cock... I mean, curtain. Behind the curtain. You lie down here on the couch on your tummy and let me work some of the tension out of your muscles. You've had a hell of a day."

"Two days," Sonja told her as she lay down. "A hell of a two days."

"Two days," Josie agreed. "I'll be right back." She got off the couch and headed into one of the bedrooms, coming back less than a minute later with a large bottle of massage oil. "Let's see if this helps..." she suggested as she began to spread some oil on Sonja's back and rub it in.

"Oh, God, woman..." Sonja moaned. "I'll give you just one half hour to cut that out..."

Josie smiled and kept massaging. She started at Sonja's neck, near the skull, and worked her way down, spreading out along the shoulders and onto the upper arms, then down between the shoulder blades and the center of her back to her butt, then back up the sides and ribs to under the arms and back down again. Lube, rub, repeat.

Sonja was in danger of melting long before the half hour was up. Josie obviously knew what she was doing. And was good at seduction, too. When she got to paying attention to Sonja's calves and thighs, she skirted around her butt and upper inner thighs, saving those for last. At last, she eased her way up towards Sonja's nethers, gently spreading her thighs and rubbing until she was massaging Sonja's labia. Then she moved to her butt and massaged her glutes, working her way back down to the same sweet spot with a pause around, not in, her anus.

Sonja was squirming and getting wet by the time Josie told her to roll over. With a groan, Sonja complied. She was so relaxed, she wasn't even concerned about being exposed to Josie and Ken. She gratefully accepted the continuation of the massage when Josie spread oil on her shoulders and chest, then began working the neck and shoulder muscles from the front, working around and under Sonja's breasts without touching her nipples, while she worked Sonja's sides, central chest and on down to her belly.

Again, Josie avoided any direct sexual stimulation as she worked Sonja's lower belly, hips, thighs and shins, only coming back to Sonja's tits and pussy when she'd relaxed everything else. Josie was actually a bit concerned that Sonja was so relaxed, she might fall asleep before she could be seduced.

She started the sensual and sexual part of the massage surreptitiously. She went to work on Sonja's pectoral muscles, following the stress lines down from the shoulders and collarbone, in from the sides, pressing or lifting the breast carefully out of the way as she worked on the muscles underneath. Then she'd let her hand linger across Sonja's areola, gently rubbing as she felt the nipple tighten and swell under her palm. She'd move to the other for a bit, letting it start to swell as well before coming back to the first, slowly going back and forth between the pair.

When Sonja's breath began to become a little ragged and she was unknowingly rubbing her thighs together, Josie let a hand drift down to Sonja's mons, gently massaging along the way, pausing as she hovered over Sonja's clit, hidden by her swollen outer labia. Very direct but gentle massage of Sonja's clit coupled with a light kneading of her nipples between thumb and forefinger took Sonja straight to the edge. She was so wet, her juices were leaking down between her thighs.

Sonja spread her legs automatically when Josie pressed her hand between them, making it easy for Josie to slip first one, then two fingers into Sonja's sopping cunt. She felt for Sonja's swollen G-spot and had no trouble finding the half-dollar sized mound. A few moments of firm stroking and Sonja went over the top, the first time. To be followed by the second, third and fourth before Josie let up. For the last one, Josie lowered her face to gently brush Sonja's lips with hers, melting into one very hot, very intense make-out session that was mostly tongue.

Sonja was very vocal about her pleasure and Josie was ecstatic. She loved the idea that she could get to the woman this intensely. It boded well for the future.

When Josie finally eased up on the wiped out Sonja, Ken -- who had been sitting back, watching with acute interest -- remained the gentleman as he suggested they move Sonja to the recliner and that he give Josie a well-earned massage as well. It took Josie about one nanosecond to decide the idea sounded great. Together, she and Ken moved the semiconscious Sonja and Josie lay on her stomach.

Ken did as Josie had. He started at Josie's skull and worked his way down, to the shoulders and upper arms, the center of her back and her butt, and back up the sides and ribs to under the arms, repeating the pattern until Josie was mush. That's when he found out that Sonja wasn't the only one who was vocal about being pleasured. He'd paid attention to what she'd done to Sonja and was trying to recreate the same effect, including just barely teasing between her legs. Josie was definitely puffed up and dripping by the time Ken had her turn over.

He did the same tantalizing genital avoidance that Josie had done to Sonja, making sure to expertly loosen the muscles he was kneading. Josie was already relaxed from what he'd done to her back. Now it was a struggle between finishing her meltdown into jelly or getting cranked for a cosmic orgasm by this guy with the well-trained hands.

At last, when Ken relented and begin massaging Josie's tits, he heard her mutter, "Oh, thank God!..." That drew a smile as he leaned down to flick one of her pert little nipples with his tongue while drifting a hand down her belly to her mons. Continuing Josie's pattern with Sonja, he started gentle, circular motions around Josie's clit while he softly suckled her, drawing her nipple deep into his mouth and holding it with his teeth while he flicked it with his tongue.

Like Sonja, Josie started squirming and opened her thighs to make it easier for Ken to get at her. He, however, intended to take his time. Staying away from directly rubbing her clit, Ken slid a finger down to her vestibule, picking up a bunch of Josie's copious lube as he fingered her inner lips, without penetrating any farther. Then he spread her pussy juice on her ass, diddling her rosebud while only penetrating slightly. Then he went back to diddling her vestibule, then back to her ass.

"You fucking tease..." Josie moaned as Ken kept building her up without actually penetrating her.

Ken finally went ahead and gently inserted first one, then two fingers into Josie who, like Sonja, was already soaking. He made sure his palm was against her mons and indirectly rubbing her swelling clit as he slowly stroked in and out of the cute little blonde, trying to ensure she was stretched out. She quickly accommodated him, loosening up and making it easy for him to feel her cervix and G-spot.

She was definitely primed and loose, so Ken tried sliding in a third finger, only to get a loud moan of approval from Josie. With three fingers in and going after her G-spot, he turned his attention to her clit which surprised him with its size. Fully erect, when he pulled back the hood, she was nearly the size of a grape. That made it very easy to basically give her a blowjob. He eased his mouth down and around her little jewel and sucked it into his mouth, running his tongue around it.

Josie nearly achieved orbit. And Ken had to quickly pin her down or risk cutting both his lips and hers on his teeth, she was bucking so hard. The moans and cries which accompanied her gyrations could probably be heard in Loudoun County. Incredibly, her moans became one long, continuous wail which just kept building. Ken was amazed, but not about to stop. In the end, he got what he was looking for.

"Ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... FUUUUUUUUUCKKKK!!!" The wail turned to the expletive as she crashed over the edge, spasming and contracting on Ken's hand as if to sever it. All he could do was hang on and try to keep her going.

"FUCK!... FUCK!... FUCK!..." Each one accompanied a major convulsion where she damn near folded in half. She might have, if Ken hadn't been in the way. She seemed to catch her breath for a moment, then slid back into another sustained moan.

"Oh, God, I'm going to cum again!!!" she wailed, and then did -- another round of spasms wracking her body. "OH, FUCK, CUMMINGGGGG!!!"

Ken managed to get the same reaction about a half dozen times in a row before Josie put her hand on his head and pushed him back off her pussy.

"Oh, my fucking God!" she moaned. "Ease up, Stud! You made your point! And Christ! You haven't even used your cock, yet..."

Ken did ease up. He didn't want to ruin a golden opportunity. And just in time, too, because he suddenly felt himself distracted by Sonja attaching her mouth to his semi-hard cock. Which, of course, didn't stay semi-hard for long. Easing out of Josie's cunt and rolling away, he made it easier for Sonja to get at him.

"Damn, woman! You have one incredible mouth," he told Sonja as he changed position. Josie, for her part, tried to roll away and ended up falling on the floor.

"Are you okay?" Ken asked the inert lump, concerned she may have hurt herself.

"I will be..." she mumbled in response. "When I can move..."

"Then if you don't mind," Ken smiled, "I'd like to pay attention to the lady sucking my dick."

"Be my guest," Josie moaned as she tried to crawl.

Ken did turn his attention back to the marvelous blowjob and watched in fascination as Sonja's short red hair bobbed up and down on him. Her curvy body was wrapped up around him and one of her huge tits had fallen out over his thigh, her nipple swollen and her areola darkened even more. Her narrow waist and plump hips were calling to his animal instincts and he really, really wanted to be fucking her right then.

He could tell that sucking him was turning her on by the moisture leaking down the inside of her thighs. Deciding to take the initiative, he pulled on her arms to encourage her to come up off his cock and onto the couch, astride him. Sonja was a quick study. She moved to straddle him, aimed his turgid member at her slit and sat down. All the way down. Surprising even herself.

"Oomph!" she groaned as she bottomed out. "Jesus, Ken, you are one big fucking sonofabitch!"

She started rising and falling on his shaft, taking him as deep as possible. She didn't think of herself as a size-queen or anything... she just like to feel filled up, like Josie had said. Being stretched to her limits by a cock attached to a god...
