 During my freshman year at the U, I dated a cute little blonde named Brianna. She was about 5'2" with cute perky B-cup breasts and a nice tight little ass with legs and a stomach that would make you drool. She wore a size 0 and could have only weighed 100 lbs at the most. She had shoulder length blonde hair and usually wore glasses, which gave her the perfect naughty librarian look. She was pretty casual on the outside but an absolute tiger in the bedroom. We dated for a few months and stayed friends after we had broken up. 

I had been there for her through one asshole boyfriend after another, when finally one day Brianna told me that she had met a girl. She had a few girlfriends here and there and was full on bisexual after about a year. Being in a sorority she had easy access to young, curious, and impressionable girls. 

It was spring of my junior year, I was single and Brianna had just broken up with another worthless frat boy because he couldn't handle sharing her with her girlfriend Hannah. Brianna had her annual spring formal and needed a date, so I gladly offered my services as a loyal and trusted friend. She accepted and made our plans for the dance and after. We had gotten a 2 bedroom suite at a nearby resort and spa for the night of and night after the dance. The plan was for the 4 of us (Myself, Brianna, Hannah, and Hanna's date Mike) to get a limo to the dance, to the resort, and the 4 of us would spend the weekend relaxing there. 

A few weeks later, I arrive in my tux at the door of the Sorority house. The hostess (some pledge girl) opens the door and lets Brianna know that I have arrived. She looked absolutely stunning in a long sheer black evening gown. I could see her breasts jiggling freely and she moved down the stairs and knew she wasn't wearing a bra. As she made it to the bottom I got a full view of her petite little body and instantly went hard. She gave a quick little runway turn to show off her dress and it only got better. The back of her dress was completely open all the way down to her ass. Had it been another half inch lower you would have been able to see the top of her ass crack. There were two slits up each side of the dress that went almost all the way to the top of her thighs allowing for a great view of her legs whenever she walked. The dress hugged her shapely little bubble but, and all I could do was stand there and drool looking at this gorgeous young woman in front of me. 

"How do I look?" She asked with a mischievous little smile. 

"Um, wow, you look..." I tried to get it out but before I could finish my sentence she planted a sweet supple kiss right on me. Before she broke away she sucked my bottom lip into her mouth for a brief moment and gave a quick flick of her tongue over it. I knew this was going to be a good night.

"Incredible." I whispered as she pulled away from me. She looked deeply into my eyes for a moment when we realized that we were still standing in the foyer of her sorority house and certainly had on lookers. 

"Why don't we have a glass of wine in my room. Hannah will be ready in a minute and Mike will be here with the limo in about 20 minutes." She took my hand and led me back up the stairs. She walked in front of me (on purpose I'm sure), which put that adorable little but of hers right in front of my face. I watched the fabric glide across her smooth skin and realized that I didn't see any panty lines, not even thong lines. She was completely nude with the exception of the partially see through, thin back dress that still left her almost half naked.

We arrived in her room, she walked over to pour the wine as I took off my tux coat and had a seat on her bed. She walked over and sat closely next to me. I raised my glass to her and offered her a toast.

"To a wonderful, relaxing, and much needed weekend off campus." I toasted.

"Cheers!" She replied. As she raised her glass to her lips she gave me a cute little wink and I knew she had something up her sleeve. We made the usual chit chat for a few minutes, since we hadn't seen each other in a few months. There came a knock on the door, "Come in!!!"

And in walked a tall blonde with an amazing body. Her hair was a little curly and much longer than Brianna's. She had huge breasts I guessed a D-cup at the minimum, which narrowed into a tight little waist and curved back out to her beautiful hips and supple ass. She was perfect, and absolutely stunning. 

"Craig, this is Hannah!" Brianna introduced. 

I stood up to greet her and knew the large erection in my pants would be completely visible, but didn't much care at this point. These girls knew they were sexy and they might as well know that I agree.

"Hannah, it's a pleasure to meet you." I said as I extended my hand to her, but she walked right past it and gave me a hug. I could feel the weight of her massive tits being pressed against my chest and I knew she could feel my throbbing member pressed against her stomach. 

As she backed away from me she looked down straight at my cock and said "apparently," with a cute little grin. We all gave a quick chuckle because I am not the shy type. Brianna poured a third glass of wine while Hannah took a seat on the end of the bed next to me, and we continued chatting. I found out that Hanna was a young sophomore and only 19, while Brianna and I both being juniors were 21. 

We finished our wine just as there was another knock at the door. The same cute little hostess from the front door was standing there "pardon me for interrupting sisters, but sister Hannah's date has arrived."

The three of us made our way back downstairs and were greeted by Mike standing in the foyer. Mike introduced himself to Hannah first and they shook hands. Then to Brianna and I and the 4 of us made out way outside to the large black stretch limo that waited for us. I thought about the situation for a moment and thought it strange that Hannah gave me a hug but only shook the hand of her date.

Inside the limo I whispered to Brianna, "So is Mike her boyfriend?"

"No they just met right now, it's a blind date that one of the other sisters set up."

"So what did you tell Hannah about me?"

"What are you talking about?" She replied at full voice so that the other 2 knew something was going on.

I whispered back "you know what I'm talking about, she was a little too friendly for you to have not told her something."

Realizing that she had been caught "well aside from the usual girl chat, I told her that you have a huge cock, and know how to use it."

"Oh is that all?" I said jokingly.

"No, I also told her you are a very cunning linguist."

We both erupted in laughter while the other 2 looked at us a little funny, curious as to what we were talking about. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a look being transferred between the 2 girls, probably Brianna giving Hannah a signal that we were up to no good. 

We arrived at the dance and had a great meal. Immediately following, the DJ played the first dance and everyone gathered on the dance floor with their dates. Brianna pressed herself closely to me as we moved across the floor. I saw Hannah and Mike dancing nearby with about a 2-foot gap between their two bodies. I knew things weren't going well for mike but all that meant was they were getting better for me. 

As the first song ended everyone applauded and the DJ played what everyone wanted to hear, some dance music. The second song was some dirty hip-hop club track that made the sorority girls go wild. Mike went back to the table and Hannah came and started dancing with Brianna and I. Within 30 seconds our three bodies are twisting and turning all over each other and hands are wandering everywhere. 

I'd be lip locked with Brianna, and Hannah would push her away and start making out with me. We went back and forth for hours. The two girls using me as an intermediary to get to each other since the girls couldn't show any signs of homosexuality in public. After a while the drinks were catching up to me and I left the 2 girls on the dance floor together in search of a bathroom. As I came out of the bathroom, a not too happy Mike confronted me. "What the fuck are you doing with my date!!" he yelled trying to intimidate me.

"Hey man, she's all over me, it's not my fault."

"Fuck this bullshit I'm outta here." He yelled as he stormed away and out the front door.

Well I certainly wasn't going to go after him and I don't think either of the girls would have either. I could see how this might cause me some problems with the members of Mike's fraternity, but since I sold weed to his whole frat house (and most of the other ones on campus) I wasn't really worried about it. 

I found the girls right were I had left them. Still dancing with a look of lust and passion that I knew needed to be released. "Hannah, I have some bad news for you. Mike just left." I announced. 

"Oh No!!!" Replied Hannah jokingly, "what ever will I do without him."

And right on time Brianna jumped in "I think the only thing you can do is leave with Craig and I right now."

"I agree." I said. 

And just that quickly we were out of there. Me walking with a young succulent beauty on each arm. We came outside to find no signs of the limo and figured that mike made off with it. I quickly hailed a cab and the three of us climbed into the back seat. I gave the driver directions back to the sorority house since my car was there. The girls were making out the second they got inside the cab. I was behind the driver with Brianna in between Hannah and I. 

Hannah had moved her hand inside the front on Brianna's dress and was playing with her nipples. As the two of them continued kissing I reached in and began playing with Brianna's other nipple. Moving the fabric of her dress aside I lowered my head and pulled her rock hard little nip into my mouth. I sucked on it long and hard just how I knew she liked it. I pulled her nipple between my teeth and began flicking over it with my tongue. 

We arrived at the sorority house and as I went to reach for my wallet and the cab driver refused to take my money. I looked in the window and saw his limp cock out of his pants with cum splattered all over the front of him. I told the girls and we all laughed. 

We hopped in my SUV and with myself behind the wheel, the two girls jumped in the back together. 

"Now girls, before the two of you get back into it, should we smoke?" I said as pulled a joint from the center console. In unison the two replied, "hell yeah"

We were all pretty loose with the wine and drinks at the dance but I knew a good joint would slow things down a bit and open the door for a long night of passion. I fired up two joints one for the front seat and one for the back. As we made out way down the highway to the resort I kept checking my rearview mirror and would catch the girls whispering and giggling and I knew they were plotting something. They would give little kisses here and there but we had put the heated passion on hold while we finished our joints. We were tossing our roaches out the window as we pulled into the parking lot. I pulled up to the valet, grabbed the rest of my weed minus 2 joints that I left in the center console and I told the valet kid that his tip was in the console. 

We checked into the room and by the time we made it to the elevator the three of us were at it again groping and kissing and sucking like fiends. As I slid the key into the lock we entered the room and the girls quickly pushed past me, each grabbing one of my hands on the way in and dragging me into the bedroom. I knew now that everything that happened was their plan and I could do nothing but relax and enjoy the ride. 

As we entered the bedroom, Hannah dimmed the lights as Brianna was passionately kissing me and rubbing her tight petit little body all over mine. As Hannah returned, the two girls stood in front of me for me to gaze at. They gave a quick kiss and then moved in on me. Hannah moved around behind me and took off my jacket and tie, while Brianna began unbuttoning my cuffs and shirt. I slipped out of my shoes and was half naked in a matter of minutes. Brianna moved down and removed my socks while Hannah ripped my belt off. The two girls were now on their knees in front of me with my hard cock trying to burst out of my pants right in front of them. They both began to undo the button and zipper and each slid a hand inside my boxers and pulled my pants and underwear off together in one swift motion.

And here I stood totally naked, all 8 inches of my throbbing hardness aimed straight for the two sexy little vixens that had me at their mercy. Teasingly they pushed me down into the chair behind me and both stood up. Brianna moved behind Hannah and undid the zipper of her dress. Slowly she slid her hands over Hannah's shoulders allowing her straps to fall of the shoulders and her dress slid instantly to the floor. I got my first look at Hannah's naked body and almost came right then and there. He tits were larger than I expected. I judged them to be about a 36 DD and were perky as hell, they didn't sag at all. Benefits of being 19 I guess. 

Brianna's dress came off in two swift moves of Hannah's hands and the three of us were all naked. The girls walked back over to me in my chair and each offered me a hand. The two of them led me to the bed and layed me on my back in the middle of the huge king sized love alter. They laid down one on each side of me, Brianna's petite little body to my left and Hannah with her delicious curves to my right. Hannah leaned in and began to kiss me passionately. Brianna began nibbling at my neck and ear lobes. Hannah's hands began wandering around my chest until she found my nipple and began rolling it around in between her soft fingertips. Her mouth left mine as she began sucking the same nipple. Brianna's mouth instantly replaced Hannah's in a tongue-twirling kiss. I reached a hand down on each side and grabbed a tit in each hand. Brianna's tight little B-cup in the left and Hannah's massively heavy but amazingly soft DD's in the right. Brianna and I were still lip-locked as I felt Hannah's mouth moving down my chest and stomach. Brianna quickly left my mouth and began racing Hannah for who could kiss their way to my cock first. The two sex goddesses spread my legs and positioned themselves lying next to each other between them with my cock just in front of their faces. 

My cock was raging at this point, the veins were visibly protruding and my precum glistened all over the head.

Brianna looked up at me, "So..." she said. 

"So?" I asked.

"Who gets to suck your beautiful cock first?" teased Hannah.

"Well since Brianna has had my cock before, I think Hannah should get first dibs." I replied. 

Hannah wasted no time jumping on the head of my cock and sucking up all of the precum that had been accumulating for hours now. She bobbed her head all over the tip of my cock, flicking her tongue over it before coming up, looking me straight in the eye and saying, "mmmmm, Yummy." She quickly returned my cock to her mouth and slowly began moving up and down with her lips wrapped tightly around my member. Each time moving her lips farther and farther down my shaft. I could feel her tongue applying pressure to the head each time she descended her warm sweet mouth down my shaft. Brianna was patiently watching her girlfriend work my prick in and out of her mouth and was almost salivating for a taste of it. 

Hannah had worked about half of my swollen 8 inches into her mouth when she came up, took a deep breath, gave a quick kiss to the tip, and then plunged my hard cock down her throat taking all of it to the base. I knew I was choking her but she stayed down there as long as she could with all of my 8 inches lodged deep in her throat and massaging the rest of my prick with her tongue. All I could do was throw my head back in ecstasy and try my best not to spew my load down her throat right then and there. After what felt like an hour Hannah came up off my cock gasping for air. 

Brianna knew that she would need a minute to catch her breath after choking herself on my cock, so Brianna decided to pick up where Hannah has left off. She grabbed my cock at the base and slipped the head of my cock between her lips and moved completely down my cock all the way to the base. Brianna had never been able to deep throat me before; she must have been practicing on the frat boys. She moved her mouth slowly and passionately up and down my cock, each time pulling all the way up to the head and then down to the base. She took my balls in her hand and began slowly massaging them while giving me the best blowjob ever. With Brianna on my cock, Hannah moved down behind her and began sliding her hands up her thighs to Brianna's wet and waiting pussy. Hannah opened her legs and began playing with her own pussy as Brianna opened her thighs to allow her female lover access to her dripping love tunnel. The smell of pussy instantly infiltrated my nostrils and I knew I wouldn't be able to go too long before I needed a taste. With Brianna still slowly and lovingly working my cock, Hannah lowered her head and began lapping up Brianna's love juices. The feeling of a hot tongue approaching her twat had Brianna moaning on my prick. The vibrations surged through my body and shook my bones. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out for much longer. 

I sat up and my cock slipped from Brianna's mouth with a loud "plop." She gave me a pouty look and I quickly kissed her and rolled her onto her back giving Hannah better access to her pussy. Hannah was working her pussy with one hand and finger-fucking Brianna with the other, the whole time having her lips locked onto Brianna's clit and furiously working it with her tongue. Brianna was leaning against my chest and I had a nipple in each finger while I kissed, licked, sucked, and nibbled her ears, neck, and shoulders. Without having to focus on my cock Brianna was now free to focus on her own orgasm, and with Hannah and I working her body at the same time, it didn't take long. 

Brianna's back arched against my chest in a symphony of moans and whines and I knew she was close. I locked down on her nipples and gave her a deep passionate kiss as her body began erupting in orgasm. She bit down on my lower lip and her screams and moans were muffled by my mouth. I wrapped my strong arms around her and pulled her tightly against my body while Hannah continued working her pussy. Brianna was delirious in her orgasm and when she finally came back to earth found her petit little body wrapped snugly in my arms and her loving girlfriend/sorority sister softly licking the rest of her juices from her outer labia and thighs. She put a hand on my cheek and kissed me softly. Hannah came up from her pussy and penetrated Brianna's mouth her tongue, giving Brianna a loving taste of her own juices. 

I laid Brianna down on the bed while still kissing Hannah, and moved myself to the side. When Hannah broke away from Brianna she came to me next, and we kissed deeply. I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her body on top of mine. 

"I need to taste you." I whispered to her. She rose to her knees and positioned her self above my face with her legs on either side of my head. I took in a deep breath as the sweet smell of her juices filled my body. I raised my tongue to her lips and parted them gently. I licked her pussy from the bottom to the clit over and over just enjoying the taste of her beautiful young cunt. I reached up to find her massive breasts and began fondling and playing with them, paying special attention to her rock hard nipples rolling them between my fingers and teasing them gently. I felt Brianna's body against my arm and looked up to see the two of them kissing again. 

I pulled Hannah's body down closer to my mouth and locked my lips around her clit. I gently began sucking her nub and lightly flicking my tongue over the end of it. Each time I did it sent a shiver through her body. I could see Brianna was regaining her strength. 
